good morning it's not the time for
another fan mail vlog and we got all
this goodies are you attic yes
you guys always surprise us so let's
just get right going we're gonna start
with the letters as always and then
baggages go ahead and start with a
letter yeah Evan Bayh that was what ball
Danny
Justin the chip my name is Evan I'm 15
from Newcastle California I've been
subscribed for a year or so now you guys
never fail to make me cracked up
laughing oh good I really appreciate how
good at Walmart as you guys are not only
to me but also the other kids that watch
your vids never stop blogging and
pranking here's 5 whole dollars to go
towards the full name foundation thanks
Evan this letter says please open in a
blog read the whole letter in a vlog
please and we can only open if your
Justin or Andrew he's like oh yes 50 60
70 once it's read the whole thing on
camera now or else
here's me Andrew hi my name is Jessica
I'm one of your biggest fans I have only
been watching your videos for about a
week now but I have been watching your
videos every night and I think almost
everyone now whoa I like to poop in
toilets do you like pooping in toilets I
think it's funny when squirrels eat nuts
my birthday's in a couple weeks so I was
wondering if you there autumn after your
pictures for me and right back if you
wrote back and how to grab pictures for
me Ally eggs in a bathtub you'll notice
are you serious by far I am mad everyone
sends you guys money for Andy to go bald
but you just spend it on other stuff if
Andrew doesn't fulfill his promise I
will punch a park bench actually we
don't spend it at all yeah we haven't
saved up in a bag we're going to be
using it for something good okay
sincerely Jessica PS I will send you a
box of goodies when I find some random
stuff
well Jessica thank you for the letter
and the donation you are awesome
my name is a leader I live in Alaska I
watch their videos daily because I'm
Bonnie Oh
also put on some free tacos what have a
crunchy taco on us well how was friendly
of you that was great
thanks man also this picture no II mean
yeah
where did you get that no nose but
thanks women okay so unique this letter
this it's so colorful cool what doc the
dollar wonder what that's for
hello my name is Trent please read on
video you guys are my favorite youtubers
every day oh whoops every day when I get
home from school I got your bids I know
every player on the Chargers nice
whenever I'm sad I watch my videos are
videos whenever I'm sad I watch my
videos I'm 10 and I love your vids you
guys are awesome here's a dollar for
Erin to go bald
thanks Trent for the lighter the next
letter brought to you by Henry I've been
watched you guys videos for three months
now you guys are pranking in the same
state as I am right now
I made a toilet paper for it and Walmart
a guy yelled at us but we left and came
back and finished it we stayed there for
two hours it's always fun to you guys
the places I've been enjoy watching your
videos every day
can you guys help to Greeley and prank
sometime in the future and thanks for
making a smile every day who knows maybe
someday we can but thanks Henry for the
letter I was in your last fan mail video
my name is Johnny if you remember from
last time I always watched your videos
and I'm 14 looks like there as mom's
thinking about moving out to Colorado so
it'd be cool we should hang out one day
this gaming channel as a bfk Legend and
my blog channel is a budget vlog so
please give me a shout out here are some
suggestions for challenges you can do
hot sauce and Cheetos combined uh-huh
that's the only suggestion
Oh
what a lie what do we think of his logo
that's just low though
very good my men's yeah that's pretty
cool the FK army and I think he wants us
to sign these photos here
don't deny it boy there's me that's not
you there's Gary and Steel's and
Brittany oh wow
all right well sounds good thanks for
the head of my man's yeah oh my name is
Noah I'm from Arizona I'm 14 years old
I've been a fan for a while now and I
found you guys by searching pranks and
YouTube in your videos pop I love
watching all your pranks and vlogs says
I am bullied sometimes often so your
videos really helped me to feel better
and your videos have made a tremendous
impact on my life without your bids that
wouldn't be as happy love you hear that
Nilla
well thanks no way dad Chris Jase dude
appreciate the letter Noah don't let the
boys get you down they're idiots from
the looks of it a brother and sister
sent us letters
I'm opening the sister if that's what it
is
oh it's a drawing with three cents no
twelve cents more Jase do quite a to the
Jase juice GMO is bad
hi I'm Cassidy your videos make me laugh
and smile my favorite videos are eating
loud in the library I'm watching fan
mail with making this note are you
kidding me I love your videos and I love
that you're a Christian I love it you're
a crit and what with these stickers and
that you know about GMO you're awesome
of your brain I live in Virginia Beach I
love when you made the toilet day before
and craz by the way I'm not I love you
well Cassidy thank you for this letter
and I'm glad I know about GMOs as well
this letters from brother Jeremy was
that
my name is Jeremy and I live in Virginia
Beach I watched the videos and every day
I also loved the pranks you guys do they
always make me laugh so hard that my
tutitu flies into the Sun and blows up
also I don't actually think you guys
look like that I just like drawing funny
faces this I think oh those are gardius
no he actually thinks we look like that
baf that sense of a bowl a me foundation
you can rip it paper if needed
okay things there's a hole a bellybutton
thing
that's me I work at chick-fil-a I say hi
a around work and customers look at me
funny I also play although sax tenor sax
soprano sax and clarinet wow that's
awesome how would you make the play
saxophone there's also one more snack
that we have this happy that's so weird
goodness thanks for the letter Jeremy
for team Jorge not you Andrew hey I like
your videos I love watching your vids
team Jorge all the way I'm Carter and I
have a youtube channel it's called green
boss 12 check it out I want to see if
you can lift this metal triangle send
this rapper dye sexy he know how to do
with it Andrew you need to cut your hair
you would look a lot better with the
worse this middle triangle I don't know
buddy
some candy came to get destroyed that's
in a plastic bag I say she knows what to
do with it oh wow if I can lift this try
your hardest oh hey sausages my name is
Evan I'm 15 years old I have been
watching a prank since the first falling
of madness wall favorite vlog is extreme
randomness or best Disney
adventure ever I'm writing you guys a
game because I accidentally miss
addressed my last letter so hopefully I
can get it right this time because it's
here I have two questions for you guys
what vlog was the most fun to film and
which prank took the most work to
complete I'm going to go with skydiving
because that was a fun yeah there's so
many honestly all our adventure ones I
love engrafting the newest prank took a
lot of work that was a lot of work your
vlogs always cheer me up and help me
persevere through tough times over the
past few months as I went through a
rough phase Charlie and with H OCD
thanks to you guys I was able to forget
about problems like that and learn not
to take the little things I have so
seriously you are correct amundo hope
you guys realize just how much of an
impact you make on me so nice of you
just say that he included two dollars
for the lot oh this isn't for the bald
Andy foundation by the way this is for
the dreadlocked Andy foundation oh my
pictures do you want us to autograph and
some back oh right so thanks for the
letter Evan this next letter is from
Hayden and he's from Justin Texas cook
you always make me laugh and you make
the best videos ever and that's why I
love your videos so much I always wait
until the new videos and never it never
missed them because we're awesome and he
included 85 cents well you know what Amy
thanks for being a fan and thanks for
sending up some letters from Brandon and
he wrote my pet quarters in the envelope
so take care of it here he is so okay
I've only written one letter before to a
friend so I don't know if I'm doing this
right anyway videos pretty basic you did
a good job
you watches our videos everyday it says
here's what happens every day I get home
open the door trip over my dog run
downstairs and finally go onto my iPad
hopefully I won't have to do this
anymore because school ends tomorrow
thank you guys for making me laugh I
cannot wait till your new show comes out
yay I don't want to give you my phone
number
or my mother will be like hello hello no
I'm not interested oh that's great -
good one Brandon says hi hey yes
Jorge hey thanks for let her burn dead
so one point this I thought I was funny
somebody put our YouTube channel and our
user names on this dollar bill so yes
siree you guys are great role models to
me I gave you Pete
peps some money for the bald ami
foundation because I was trying to give
you candy but it did not send yes I did
not send you candy I just wanted to help
you guys Oh
with this Hawaii banner nice some sort
of ball of candy some ups grape the
sloth well thank you Austin for the
letter huh my name is Jack I'm Tigers
all I want to say that school sucks
yeah my favorite youtubers and you
always make me laugh at all your videos
my favorite pranks at the drive-through
break so I actually just finished
washing the dog drives of brain so I
have some question it's one you have
Xbox one no no - are your favorite
youtubers yes fun for Louie
Jeff what inspired you to prank because
also please send this letter back just
the this whole letter back to him look I
thought there is a back side you drew
ahoy a which we have to tear off oh he
made that for us she reminds me if I
call oween okay right yeah and then
reassign this okay and this is Paul
Davies oh it's awesome thank you guys
hot jacked you rock dear Justin Andrew
and everyone else I forgot the names I
love your videos with 12 years old I've
been watching for about a month my
favorite videos dresses brutal well
thanks
yes I watched like 12 videos of yours a
day
you serious we got a Hawaii hey I
thought you forgot all the names he put
Justin Andy Mary and Brittany well he he
remembered once he did the drawing oh
well thank you added Burroughs I just
got two wisdom teeth removed two days
ago so I decided to watch them j-su
videos today orcid dog in the drive thru
prank and rich man lifestyle price which
was a very bad idea
terrible idea the worst I was dying of
laughter and now the left side of my
mouth hurts more than it did before
oh and I can see the headlines now and
she put a bunch of like different
headlines I'll read them off to you JC
studios pan kills over after
uncontrollable laughter post wisdom
teeth removal teenager Sue's dentist for
removal procedure occurring during JC
studios bunnies and video release 18
year old girl laughs so hysterically at
Jase do pranks that she chokes on her
Goss but coughs it back up from laughing
at Buford devouring an ice cream cone
then drives over to dentist office and
ties him down to a chair with dental
floss and forces him to watch two hours
worth adjacent to his pranks until he
calls all his patients dead anyway stops
drilling on people's teeth just so to
show them his latest dance moves and
says look what I can do well that
escalated quickly also I have a crush on
Aaron and Brittany marry our lovely
ladies here's a dollar for the balding
foundation okay bye person Sarah the
wounded phasing Sarah dear Andrew and
Justin my name's Hannah and I'm 14 years
old my brothers Matty and Steven
introduced me to you guys a long time
ago we all think you're extremely funny
thanks for making me laugh all the time
also what's your favorite animal that's
a good question I like to cans dogs
Tigers you kangaroos koala bears and
Eskimos and they're expecting sense for
the ball Danny Foundation also my cousin
wanted to say something too
here's what he says
me to write it hi my name is Nathan I'm
15 years old I think you guys are
freaking hilarious at first I didn't
know how to pronounce your name so I
called you Jitsu
well alright Hannah Matthew Steven and
Nathan thank you all for the support and
a beautiful drawing of the logo that's
epic
I love seeing everybody do our logo and
it's just it's just awesome so thank you
guys for the support that this letter is
from autumn and then she put like a tons
of little snacks in here
hi I'm 10 years old and I watch your
videos non-stop you all make me laugh
every time and then this whole sentence
is crossed out I don't know what it says
I will watch you guys vids forever and
ever and ever
fYI I'm gonna try and send some things
in a package of food look on back love
your fan Otto and I look on the back and
says my number but it's all crossed out
so alright okay it's her origami boat
okay my origami planning let's say it
says J okay yep there's the part of the
Jake you gotta fold it out Jase - and in
very small studio there's a smiley face
and he pulled it out me you and watching
y'all's videos if you can do a PPP rocks
in the library to just repair we will
enjoy pretty sure is pop rocks but
there's three peas here oh yeah so pop
rocks you back it's a possibility but
yeah thanks for the letter autumn you're
just major I love your videos
PS put me in video I challenge you to do
the ice bucket challenge
and that's it guys who's that from this
is from Tanner yeah thanks for the
letter
hello Joseph Andrew my name is Kyle I'm
12 I live in Louisiana I love all
watched all your videos I'm subscriber
to mortgage true indie Studios who guys
are the best youtubers on youtubes you
should visit Louisiana sometime and if
he's too hot just bring them out
I have a few questions one please do
another following madness
please - what comments from which videos
do get your worst prank ideas
keep it up beans Kyle I've been a
subscriber since 4-7 fine worst prank
ideas from all sorts of videos yeah
sometimes the most recent worst prank
ideas thanks Kyle do you just need room
area Brittany first off I want to say
that you guys are awesome every
afternoon I check your ex videos I
especially love when you guys come
together and have fun second I think you
guys should do a fan mail with all four
of you guys I think that's a good idea
we will do that soon also I think you
guys should do a meet-up in Colorado
we'll also do that soon just in the
Andrew you guys have inspired me to
possibly go into film that's cool would
you Brittany and Mary you guys have
inspired me to be myself I thank you all
for what you do and she has an
inspirational quote for you all okay so
do all who live to see such times but
that is not for them to decide all we
have to decide is what to do at the time
that's given to us hey here's Andrew and
Mary as horses oh and looks like you
guys are kissing that's cute
this is a picture of me and Brittany has
horses oh that's Christina thank you for
that really nice letter you have very
good cursive and just appreciate you as
a fan Justin and Britney I'm a huge fan
name the reason why can you finish this
job I wrote you because I was hoping for
some advice as someone who married young
I was hoping to gain some insight from
both you on navigating the wedding
planning process finances the transition
of me married just it's a pretty long
letter so just basically saying they've
been engaged for a couple weeks and
they've been almost here for three and a
half years they're just wanting some
advice on that
well me and Brittany you've been
together for like seven years and we put
God at the center of our lives and
helped him guide us through our
relationship he's always been the center
of that so he's got us through the tough
times
and whatnot and I'd say if you guys are
wanting to get married then you guys
just should get married that's your
choice not your family's choice not
anyone else's choice but your own so if
you are both truly in love and know that
you're meant to be then do it and it
doesn't matter how old you are because I
know a lot of people say to us like wow
you're getting married so yelling that
doesn't matter getting married doesn't
have you have to get married at this age
and so as you can see me and Brittany
you've been in married for almost a year
now
together for so long so don't let that
stop you and don't let other people's
comments stop you from doing what you
want to do in this life dear Justin and
not bald Andy I just started to youtube
channel and I got inspiration from you
guys sorry if I misspelled anything i
watch a prank every Wednesday in the
vlog every day and I check to see if you
guys upload a vlog every day please
answer these questions on camera and
tell Andy that I will tell dad if he
doesn't go bald today questions what is
your favorite TV show mmm Seinfeld I
like The Walking Dead and the 100 what
radio stations do you listen to I listen
I like Kayla 99.9 98.9 occasionally 107
9 9 3 yeah thanks for the letter well my
name is Jackie I'm 15 I'm from Ohio I
love your videos and pranks the
principal can laugh laughing isn't the
best yeah who is your favorite Christian
artist mine is Casting Crowns
again you guys are awesome these are
being you lucky I like elevation worship
they are my favorite Christian artist it
didn't like newsboys as much but now
they have like a lot of good new songs
so I like those oh yeah one more a quick
thing Jackie you also do this it says
look what I can do dad I love it
actually cool I love this studio
society's about the drop shadow like
hi my name is AJ I am your biggest fan
I have you guys know I like reading them
how they're written I laugh a bit every
day tell kids did I glad hot you are my
favorite please play and we have this
nice boy well AJ thank you very much for
taking the time to send this a little
bro well this is from AJ I've been
watching ever since Kevin moves in you
are the youtubers ever thank you for the
letter AJ really appreciate it
I'm seven years old I fond you from your
pranks my name is M yeah but that's all
it says yep there's a drawing of us meet
Whitney Mary and Andrew oh well thanks
em yeah moving on to the bigger packages
now this is from Kennedy let's play
slots I'm here my name is hope I'm
saying that right so I'm apologized by
giving tours all the aspiring to make my
own YouTube channel you guys are cool I
love that Martian for about three years
my favorite video as a totally report
you should make another one and she like
said we made the ration and swap and
just explore the rainforest which made
me giggle believe me it's hard to make
me laugh I'm Canadian so I made you both
Canada's rainbow loom bracelet I want
one okay
yes oh those chili could burn your vocal
cords so yeah you're I just understand
you're great people and please never
stop making videos thank you and thanks
for taking the time to make us some
bracelets that was nice of you
wow this package right an open it came
with two lizards
right yeah but my name is charity and
I'm 12 and I live in Virginia I'm so
glad you guys are Christians and know
about GMO what's the second time Wow
Andy should it go bald if he doesn't
want you but I do oh but I will still
donate so here's a donation I don't know
how much it is two bucks
you shouldn't have Oh Jase do all of
everything oh yeah she wants us to sign
this okay you can do that and I don't
know I really don't know what these are
there's like gingerbread cookies yeah
they're probably cookies what does it
say dog treats no these are gingerbread
cookie we did eat those yeah oh well
thank you again my name is May it's nice
that I can wash it without having to
worry about cussing negativity my
favorite pranks are wood and II yelled
at people stop you jerks can't you see
him homeless Bella such a long time ago
sometimes when I feel like I don't have
any friends but when I lost your videos
I feel like I do have friends we are
your friends
this side says Kevin's you could go bulb
this is a cool drawing
oh that is sick epic yeah try to helium
your hair's on fire
whoa I'm nuts I just want to point out
this because it has our signatures but
it says Erin aka odd nuts oh thanks for
the letter may well spit hey books read
first I have some jaw breakers that
change flavors hmm I have some bracelets
for you answer Marines don't break
yourself hi my name is sanaya this is
the first band will I ever sinned wow
it's an honor I've been watching your
videos for a week now a week
that already fell in the on the floor
laughing I'm nine years old and I'm
going to fourth grade this year say it's
bad handwriting PS autograph the picture
and send it back wait Wow
whoa thank you so much than I am I gotta
say we're looking swag right now
yo are you ready for the main event
oh yeah what is this big package you
know first things I see or something
what yes some crackers these are
actually pretty good those look like
some more little snacks there are these
chocolate chip chewy granola bars no
preservatives
yeah and I'll take it please
Kansas and a DVD wait what
maybe we should read the letter yeah so
I'm not really an artist like most your
fans which is why I'm not going to draw
you anything however I do enjoy taking
pictures with that said I've decided to
share some of those pictures with you
don't judge though not all of them are
exciting pictures I have included four
envelopes all of which are States US
areas that I have lived also I've
randomly included a burnt CV you two
have an awesome tasting music so I've
heard I give you of some of what I'm
currently listening to uh check that out
yeah I also figured that I was supposed
to send this snack but I didn't want to
be to blame for any cavities so I
included dental care as well and I'll
refrain from saying my age but I'll just
say that I'm possibly one of the oldest
to send your fan mail I hope you could
be I'm just boring little lame life so I
figured why not send you something
really you don't have to ever worry
about how old you are young or old we
love all fans who are our first since we
live here yeah
I like that one oh that's cool tunnel I
think I've been there yeah whoa we have
that big Kansas for the majority of my
life and we'll be moving back to the
city in July
that's Kansas there for you that's a
train that's from water well that's cool
looks like a storm is a brewing that's
the farm that's the bridge this is the
Appalachian Mountains let's take a
gander
we have oh that's cool see the snow on
one side we have a wonderful thing well
that's a good pick last but not least
we've got Arkansas whoa nice I'm just
doing a quick seat whoa
munchies bacon cheddar shadows YUM
they're kind of a little crumbly but I
love this granola bar yeah that is prime
definitely tastes like what it says it
tastes like a dog treat as well
Thank You Brent for taking the time to
send all this I was very creative and
thank you to everyone as well who took
the time to send us something it really
means a lot to us
we always love opening fan mail any
final words this is good this is gonna
come in handy yeah that is so I do like
that Brent I guess that's all for the
video thank you guys and we'll see ya
later
