good morning guys yeah anyways guys
manager has not to do a new another new
prank we have to film today because like
I 7:00 last night's vlog we're taking a
road trip to the Grand Canyon and we
won't have Wi-Fi so we have to schedule
all the videos right now we're gonna go
to Hobby Lobby why don't you tell them
what prank we're doing today this is
very confusing for ancient we thought of
last night yeah well basically we're
gonna walk around with stuff taped on
our faces and just have a conversation
with somebody and just see how they
react and Hobby Lobby has a bunch of
funny items like fake food it's war so
yeah there's all the random foods they
have cake cupcakes
you just have a cactus on your face that
would be funny
yeah yeah definitely cactus and then
these fake fruits oh we can get a whole
grape thing
now if you like to bake foods because
I'm not as heavy as the real foods so
you can yeah well actually this is
pretty heavy honestly even well this one
has at least feels like a real Apple
does holy crap
is this a GMO pear I've never seen a
pair that's big is this the line so I
feel like yeah
even on watermelon this is light like a
whole thing of bananas something honest
good I know right yeah yeah here's what
it looks like at the cactus I don't you
got a cactus on my forehead
let's go prank now yeah so the prank
isn't going as planned happens sometimes
we're not getting the reactions we want
so we're taking a quick lunch break to
regather our thoughts we got the cake
here you want to maybe offer to him yeah
they're gonna say like okay that's four
dollars a buck here you are
okay here you go yeah we're making a
trade yeah okay yeah
bye majors pretending to be a thumb
bleep Amman with the cake let's see if
she look
at the mall right now getting a bunch of
good clips we're just basically spilling
the cake on people yeah oh yeah yep back
home from pranks look what we're doing
now oh no I have a mini bowl honeycombs
I might get that it's good why don't you
um I have to order one why there's
Oh Andrew what you should tell them
about what happened to Frank for not
exactly what happened but the in Canada
I think some French guy wanted to like
take me to his house and play some games
I'm guessing it's not gonna be anything
fun like Settlers of Catan or no
oh I was very sure for some honeycombs
hey guys ik get the strawberries they're
not real they're fake
it's a toy they silly and II know if you
guys like him he's desperate for some
strawberries back of the apartment and
we're getting ready for Britney's video
she's doing a contest I'll tell you
about that more in a later video but
back at it again we got the color powder
and she's got the pink dress on she's
got some pink color powder so this would
be cool the lovely looks like it's about
to rain so not too bad
hello let me see the cellar nice little
handprint right there awesome like
you're like a part of a tribe I know who
they imagine me just like perfectly like
look how much is right here though yeah
yikes
you're the purple tribe or something
all right I'm driving right now it's
pretty hot outside it's about 80 degrees
but I wanted to point out that there's
still snow on Pikes Peak see the snow
it's 80 degrees out here and there's
toast now
Wow so as you guys probably know Mary
and I our wedding is coming up here
fairly soon in September so there's some
stuff that needs to get done and one of
those things is I got to go to the
tuxedo place and pick out what the
groomsmen or the crew is gonna wear
during the wedding which I don't know so
I gotta go to the tuxedo place see what
they got
I got a couple ideas that might be cool
so see what they can do
here we are gyms it's ticket gander if
you got here uh yeah that one is sold
I'm just trying on some tuxedos Isis hey
guys okay all done at the tuxedo place
picked out some cool stuff but I'm not
gonna show you guys now they're almost
fun you'll see on a while what that is
yeah that just happened no well not just
but it did recently can't really see wow
there's a big crack in the windshield
no Mary got two little chips and our
windshield fixed that's about it for
today's blog guys thanks for watching
and before we go we wanted to just say
thank you for all of the recent support
and everybody who's went and voted for
us at the streamys award just wanted to
show you some of the people on Twitter
we've been retweeting and replying to
everybody we haven't really tweeted
everybody but shout out to Megan for
sending us a picture here there's this
Andrew here's Nathan he shared it on
Facebook as well so here's Fleming and
on Instagram people have been tagging us
on pictures and we're going and liking
and replying to saw a lot of them a.m.
some people have sent me a direct
message which I have been replying to
all of them so we'll let you guys know
what happens and if we get to do
anything with this but yeah we can final
words
see you next time tomorrow actually
goodbye
