hey everybody so for this video we need
your help with something because there's
only a few days left in this contest and
Andrew will tell you a little bit more
about that ok this is the Streamy Awards
have you guys heard of it before I have
probably some of you if you saw last
year and it's basically this award Fang
board shell awards show for the
youtubers basically it so it's really
cool and the cool thing is you come up
here streamys org nope stop that yeah go
to me start over shree me zorg and then
you come over here to submissions and
this is where you can nominate somebody
for an award us and we are a channel we
do pranks yeah yeah go to pranks and
then just type in our channel
jstustudios just like this folks so and
Bob but actually putting your name Bob
builder that's who's four plus six what
is that equal we know it's 10 because we
did math yeah and then you voted yeah
and so if we get enough of you guys to
vote for us this is actually going to be
live streaming on vh1 September 17th and
they're going to have like another award
ceremony like a week before and if we
get enough of you to nominate us then we
get to fly out to be on the show and
accept an award possibly it's possible
it's possible but we need your help I've
already announced this on snapchat and a
ton of you have already been sending me
and Andrew so many tweets of you guys
like screenshots of you guys voting for
us and I like I've never gotten so many
tweets like in a while of that and so we
want to do is like if you vote show us
that you voted and you can either tweet
us or you post on instagram and tag us
and we'll come and like your picture we
made me tweet you just stuff like that
yeah it's just like I thank you and we
just think it'd be really cool if you
know obviously if we got to go out to
this award show
and I'd be all because of you guys and
your help so that's just something we
wanted to ask you guys if you'd be
willing to help us out since you watch
our videos and your awesome bands so
yeah and then did anything else think so
just vote oh it's the homepage you can
vote until July third yeah so what's
today today is like the 27th today is
the 27th yep 27 me7 till July third so
see what you do yeah if we just get like
a ton of you going to vote for us
there's I'm i can guarantee we can get
in with the lb you guys cuz like each of
a log we're only announcing this on our
blog we're not posting this on our main
channel because I don't know we really
like you we like you guys want over here
in the vlog channel yeah that's about it
we and sorry that this is the only video
for today like I said since we're doing
a road trip to the Grand Canyon we have
to get a bunch of video scheduled and so
I already have vlogs ready and we are
just scheduling that currently but yeah
you can see the blogs next week and then
the week after that's going to be a lot
of fun road trip vlogs yeah go under the
Grand Canyon but on the way to Grand
Canyon we're stopping in Utah doing a
bunch of funding so we think you guys
are really gonna like the upcoming vlogs
Aaron you got any final words for
everybody just vote for them on the
Steamies guys oh wow Aaron I guess
there's only one thing left to do what
20 things that are fun to do this eve of
our party oh no I fellas who's ready who
loves to sleep the most me me alright
guys that's about it links in the
description if you didn't get all this
will tell you how to do in the
description and that's about it we'll
see you tomorrow whenever we'll see
bye
hmm
