hello everybody we are filming a new
prank right now or again ready to I'm
just getting dressed up because if you
watched yesterday's vlog we went to the
mall and picked up some things yes and
we already had this set aside it's a
robe basically we're dressing up like
pompous guys you want to look very
pompous for today's prank so I found
these a corduroy pants at H&M with these
me these are my dad's these are the most
a shoes I can find okay now I got this
suit jacket you're looking fresh we're
going to like some car dealerships fast
food places and just gonna play around
with the imagine like we're billionaires
okay so we got a slick our hair back and
I got this gel there's jelly here a
monkey brains crazy stick hair gel
ultimate hold
let's try I got my papa shades on
looking fresh I can go into a nice
business meeting but Andres doing his
hair he's gonna try and do it slicked
back let's give er a try here this is
smelling that's awesome
yo my hair slicked back yeah get the
robe on this is style one this is like
morning pampas and then work pampas so
now there's plenty of styles of pampas
out there oh yeah so you hair you oh yes
as well yep great Bluetooth device you
got there PlayStation Plus we've got to
keep in contact with my PSN friends
your hair alright again man
come talk to me unless you get six Vegas
the Dollar Tree
oh yes as we got a wine glass since it's
a buck and here's our very good
expensive wine well it's just classic
cranberry he's got that wine color yeah
feel it's a nice red wine very distinct
so we just got to the car dealership
area here in Colorado I'm gonna prank or
try and prank the Porsche dealership
they have a nice cars there and
hopefully we'll get a good spot it's
trying to figure it out it's come hard
but so can it why we're in downtown
Colorado Springs right now it's
dangerous turn to get a few Clips server
they're getting ready it's really nice
here though
you're about to get those fellows right
there
just pranked this lady right here they
did a great job maybe weeks
the comedian it was great I know
apparently she has a book that she do a
book how do you think like a comedian by
Karen Ruth white so what do you know
comedians breaking comedians yes she
actually gave a seminar I did so I did
it but I thought I did yes sure in
the background
honestly guys I feel like this prank is
going super well and the prank is
probably up right now so if you want to
check that out you haven't yet you
should definitely check it out let oh
I'm just having a really fun time
filming this prank you yeah this is how
pranking should go this is which we do
by ourselves oh did you find Jesus she
signed a book she said thanks for the
prank
Wow I'll have to take a gander at that
book Karen Ruth thanks Karen thanks Kara
appreciate your Stella I think just
another clip to get is 540 right now
we're gonna go to the fast food place
should take too much longer to fill the
intro as well oh yeah we're filming in
dad's garage that one people here at
Wendy's a final stop for today and then
we should be good with the clips it's so
fun guys no idea all right we just got
back home well a successful day of
pranks I feel like today was the longest
day we've filmed in a while and Frankie
like we found like all day I know it's
almost getting close to being 7 o'clock
yeah yeah I hope so because we did put a
lot of time into this what oh hey going
home now huh yeah it's a bit hot in the
suit if we're being a hundred percent on
it oh I am do you guys like my new hair
by the way yeah it's really hard I'm
really just excited to wash this out it
doesn't even feel like hair I really
feel like I should be going to a VIP
party right now yeah serious are we
gonna dress like this I will okay all
right hair back right sure yes Andrew
and Justin yo what up man
those guys are yeah mm-hmm well tonight
goes Wow
Wow so cute
okay vine vlogs okay see ya
see you in a minute vlogger okay bye
back home now got all showered up
here's back to set my normal now me and
Britt just had some dinner salad and
chicken what are we doing now yes I know
the inside-out just came out so we want
to see that Disney movie well good and
we're going to the theater that I really
liked as well
got some quick snacks yes and like I
have my big bag holy crap we could fit
like a whole meal in there oh my small
purse like I can't you know put in there
does it work
nope here we are our theatres I really
like this theatre because their seats
are so comfy
yeah it's like so many cool posters
looks like a potty up in here
okay it's enough the stars of the
Mystery Science Theater are back yes
second one it's not shotgunning I do
that kind of morning guys I'm on my way
to Justin's apartment because we have to
finish editing the prank let's go
welcome it's raining out not again
always raining here where we going came
down to the clubhouse because they have
free coffee right
fellows is this where the Hong Kong
associates are coming
yeah six-figure view these citizens all
right yes please do about the six
figures okay this is intense
show me the money
that's it until I see work that's all
you get
I guess meeting adjourned
okay thanks guys I'm gonna go with a
mocha add a rotation coffee beans in the
cup whoa what I don't know if you guys
can hear that but this bug almost hit me
all right past my ear so the rain keeps
landing in my coffee spilling all over
me yeah go boy so did you learn any
hints tips and patties from your new
book oh yeah you just tweeted out a
quote from the book and I said I sure
did every other page she has as quotes
from random people if life is a bowl of
cherries why am I always in the pits oh
I've never seen a book that has quotes
on one page and reading on the other
that's creative about the videos live
guys so go check it out it's doing
pretty well so thank you guys for liking
it and leaving a do comment I know we
haven't done a six-minute prank and ever
besides our like compilation video yeah
we're glad to see you guys like the
style we have a few more ideas of like
this style plan for example the tourist
lifestyle which we will do someday maybe
soon who knows excited for tomorrow too
oh yeah tomorrow's vlog is gonna be nuts
we'll go into something I don't even
know if I should tell you should we
tomorrow's gonna be a good vlog so thank
you it deals with being in Denver and
going to a big stadium mm-hmm if nope I
bet you can't yes that's all for the
vlog today thank you guys for coming
with us pranking oh and you guys want to
see the reveals and extras yes or no
leave a like leave a like we're gonna
upload them anyway but just leave a like
and we'll see you guys next time
did
