good morning ladies I have some awesome
news so for those of you who have been
watching our prank channel for however
long we should our pranks on this small
Sony handheld cam and we've had that
camera for over four years and haven't
switched it up at all my parents got me
that camera when I think it's for my
birthday or Christmas and that's how I
started the Jase do Studios YouTube
channel so today or just the other day
we decided to make an upgrade finally at
that camera for so long
and we just want to make the quality of
our pranks the best for you guys and so
I went to Best Buy the other day and got
a new camera I'm going to show it to you
right now here it is the Sony FDR x-33
this shoots in 4k so you guys are gonna
be getting some 4k pranks every week now
I haven't even opened this yet I'm
opening it on camera before you get
pointless papers oMG look at this guy
it's still small it's easy to hide and
I'm just most excited that this shoots
in 4k cuz high quality pranks is gonna
be so fun and where I'm actually Andres
house right now they're downstairs
guys guys guys what are we playing here
flash flash on the big screen nice
before we go pranking we need to get
some lunch
what time is it is it like and where are
we going this yeah this new taco place
open up down the street it's been going
it's been pretty busy honestly so we're
gonna try it for lunch today my nice
Aaron Taco Bueno be right there very
busy every day yeah we are where's the
entrance by the way
good you geo geo
what's yours
so wait here I got also a very okay so I
got a big old chicken burrito yeah wow
it's big and then a chicken fajita taco
besides a Salas these look delicious
here we have the grill burrito party
film final film unit some sort of
burrito grill three Aaron and I got the
same thing but we do we have this
special snack it's a we deep-fried we
just film our lives it's a cheesecake
chimichanga
how look it's filled with cheese great
they have sentiment chips as well all
lunches is pretty good not bad I'd say
what did you think of it but not that
good
wasn't the best just you know average
but what do you expect from fast food
time to edit village and play Catan
Aaron did you get a clone deck what is
this the BP bird's nest the window mom
just right in then she comes straight
for the screens she keeps her cubes come
in full force like terms of swinging cuz
we're too close to her kids whoa just
trying to protect them here at Best Buy
because I put our old memory card in the
camera and it says it can't like the
memory card won't work with the format
that shoots in 4k and a really high
quality stuff so we're seeing here
they have the memory card that will
suffice here it is now we just gotta
wait for the NCC and say help us so we
found this one that writes for K $50 the
same memory card 150 what so we ended up
going with this one and the Best Buy
lady said that they actually rotate this
the ones that I just showed you the two
different SanDisk styles every other or
every week so this one happened to be on
sale this week hundred dollars off like
you lost it great alright so now we're
in the changing room right the mall
because we got this prank idea and we
need to feel like close to get it done
so I have missing this they're gonna
truck out I don't explain too much yet
well yeah since we're bored at the mall
we're gonna do some vlogging with
strangers
guys how do you all feel about
yourselves right now I am happy you okay
well see ya
so uh hot tubs
how often do you say baby
in this one yeah
yeah why separated their brother six or
Higginson Oh nuts
I don't let everybody else in the ball
Stearns well that's why you're taking
them back as you're trying to get clean
what's not that we don't take it back is
that the same thing though
well I thought he took a bath about them
well I don't have a hot tub yet sauce
inquiring about these bath tubs
no they're not bad bugs are out break
that pot tech sorry
hi
how are you oh hey how are you know how
are you huh that no how are you
well I'm back at the parents house now
Britt for those of you don't know yeah
daddy and we're taking Teddy for a walk
because it's a beautiful outside this is
awesome
there's a little stream flowing through
there you can see the the sunsets
arriving shortly it's a good day over
here I just wanted to stop here and
listen to this beautiful nature
ah you like this green you turn a vegan
he likes that non-gmo grass
Wow such cool creatures it's crazy how
fast their wings fly too well that was a
nice little walk back home and sad now I
found this drink at the store you guys
know I like trying new drinks it sounded
very interesting here's what it's called
mango chili lime I don't know what to
expect even in the ingredients there's
red bell peppers and cayenne peppers
let's give it a try that's weird
cuz it has a little you can tell that
there's a little spice in it coz that
like oh what a weird combos it's pretty
good but what's up so we're about to get
ready and watch some movies I just gotta
say this popcorn is insanely yummy
Quinn popcorn cheddar - bully it's
awesome - cuz they provide the batch
number and you go to their website you
can see what exactly they use to make it
pretty cool my parents house has been so
hot we cannot even sleep upstairs we've
had to sleep on the couch which isn't
too bad but we got a few different
movies tonight we're gonna be watching
this guy the secret life of walter mitty
Britt's never seen it but it's a really
good movie what do you want bozo huh
well that sums up today's vlog thanks
for watching as always and here's your
daily reminder to go pick up a limited
edition j stu studios -
shirt we have almost 30 sold now 20 more
that's just 20 of you and we're gonna be
given away gift card of sorts Andrew oh
yeah if you guys tweet us a picture of
you buying the shirt like your purchase
order or whatever
well retweet you guys on Twitter so make
sure you tweet us that picture if you do
do that but I guess we'll see you
tomorrow we're filming a awesome prank
you won't want to miss the blog thanks
for coming along
just hanging I'm just having fun we're
number
now
