good morning guys guess what me and
Brittany are doing today Brett why don't
you tell him hey we got a camera here
and if you guys didn't know Brittany
does wedding photography headshots stuff
like that and this couple wanted her to
do their wedding and I'm here to help as
well
so I get shots and she gets shots so we
get the best shots for the couple and
I've never been to this area before it's
it looks pretty nice so I want to go
check it out
and I'm starting off the morning with
another drink that my mom and dad got me
or the fam hibiscus very clean energy
I had a sip it's interesting I would say
it's okay
it's like not too flavorful but it is
organic and has some good stuff in it oh
my gosh look like bowling balls I think
they are that's so cool wow it's like a
magical forest out here our friend it
didn't work out with her backyard which
it did this is the other plate that I
wanted to get married in it's beautiful
Wow
yeah I love it just so much greenery
yeah we do
so currently I am out here by myself
Brittany's taking some pictures with the
ladies and I'm just getting pictures of
like this landscape and stuff and then
in like an hour I think I'm gonna take
pictures of the guys there at all in 20
minutes guys are much easier to work
with think girl know what I mean
what the these chickens have froze what
up you guys got some rock in here
straight from the eighties in oh that's
awesome they should let those guys roam
free during the wedding add some style
to the wedding
the groom's men he's blindfolded careful
there boss pokes our scale 1 to 10
that's pretty good I know that Jesus is
your rock but I also want you guys to
both understand that there will be hard
times that will come in your marriage
and in your life what up I was Dripping
- I don't have the entire now but holy
craps it's like 75 I think maybe even
almost any theories
my whole shirt was like wow they're
ripping so it's nice to be standing in
the shade now they got married and we're
just waiting for the bride and groom so
we can get more pictures and she watches
our videos but put your name mo well
thanks for watching how long you been
watching Wow
well pound it so apparently this guy
watches her videos too what tell him the
idea you just said you imagine that
being a prank that would
and we get a two-hour break so we have
to go back and take more pictures at the
reception
but while we get a break break isn't
food good taking pictures it's really
exhausting you can be right especially
if you're out in the Sun oh-oh my energy
is drained right now guys I'm glad we're
here it's air-conditioned
check it out guys
we're so hungry this looks so good now
that we're in a food coma we need some
energy guys
so at football foods even looking for I
would eat this I was like so skinny ouch
goodbye dude Patrick Starr it yeah I'm
looking for like either an organic type
energy drink that energy bike links up
with caffeine jerk-off
they have a lot of options here
yerba mate die had this the other day it
was really good so I got this
I say burying it hot drink it's just
like it with me like right in the store
I got so busy there's an answer like it
had like Vietnamese coffee and like I
don't know hopefully it wakes me up all
right here's the reception folks not bad
it's in a church here nice little setup
I'm glad they got this balcony up here
and get some good shots all that would
have been bad they're about to dance
they shake
Bish's face
free catered food why did everybody get
a chance to get it to the line at least
once
Oh father-daughter dance
it's just a face pile
I have a thing I never knew they had a
drive-through hey nice job forget that
for you do you guys have free smells
free smelling you gotta come inside for
that long ah darn it I well thanks for
watching today's vlog guys we're playing
Settlers of Catan and before we go have
you guys got a shirt yet these limited
edition Jace to studio shirts there's
nine days left yeah nine days there's 22
sold nine days so get it hey guys
welcome back regarding the t-shirts if
we get our goal of 50 sold we're gonna
do a giveaway okay so that basically
mean is 25 more you know you want this
this is the limited edition these won't
come out after we make them so what are
you waiting for
can you final thoughts Erin you get one
yeah yeah pretty what I might would you
be more updates on this giveaway soon
but just so you know yeah thanks for
watching the animals against tomorrow
good bye
