well good morning everybody welcome back
to blogged you're probably wondering
what we're hearing that you might I
don't know why you wearing that
I don't know cuz we're going
snowboarding yeah so it's about that
time of the year to hit up the slopes
again we live in Colorado the best
snowboarding place ever yeah agreed
there's not like a ton of snow yet but
just enough you can have some fun so he
drove up here we're in Keystone and
we're here with our main man Keith hey
keith has been up here for a few days
already
how are the slopes man it's looking good
so let's go uh let's quit the slopes
have some fun you ready yeah
here's a rundown of each of our boards
I'm rocking a never summer snow trooper
Keith what do you got here I got this
classic ride board from the 1980s what
he always is flying to he has never
waxed it you'll see look at this it
looks like Wolverine came by and his
wife say can you see all these scratches
Wow and Andrew what do you got I've got
the never summer heritage this is a fun
board see the back alright see feel this
difference right here and then feel
Keith's board it's very bumpy alright
we're getting on the gondola here
hey guys thanks nice this hey it's the
car we have went wrong
oh yeah it is our first time touching
the snow up here we're on the top of
Keystone it's a bit chilly yeah you
older than I anticipated
so we're gonna do a green run first as
you can see great view it's kind of
cloudy not sure if it's gonna snow but
it's smelling over there yeah it looks
kind of misty foggy so yeah we're gonna
try this cream run let's go
Merry Christmas
few runs it was good but your first runs
are always a little bit yeah not up to
speed yeah so it's time for food now
we're Zuma rody how something here's the
ladies as well in that page we got ready
yeah got some appetizers Wow I can smell
the spice from here lunch was fabulous
didn't film it was hungry please don't
lie subscribe guys sorry yeah but a
coffee shop just chilling yeah and nice
chatting I got a little latte you're
gonna get hot chocolate here visualize
it's a pretty cool place
we don't have Wi-Fi pretend it's 1995
and talk to each other wow that's a good
point they're out in nature now
exploring looks like the ladies are
doing a fun photo shoot but look at this
you guys the water here so blue I
remember being in Alaska and the water
was so blue I'm trying to remember why
it is blue so all you scientists correct
me but I thought is because it's just so
pure there's not like any like
pollutants in it where we are in the
mountain so so it's like glacier water
or it's just that cold you can go test
it
oh it's cold we'll go try it okay
oh the cold yes do you think you'd like
freeze to death if you just fell in
there on accident how long had to be in
there just one second yeah okay I'm
gonna go on the rock yeah look at this
it's not green it might look green on
camera but it's more blue than anything
Oh boys we just came across something
what is this guys this is an old
fashioned contained from nineteen or
sorry 1897 this is actually a device
they would use back in the day to churn
cheese
it was multi-use actually they also used
it to smash up like foots they wanted
for smoothies and it was bad then it was
the punishment well hello Spencer
guys there's a car in the way watch out
okay you can go now be safe put where
your shoes get frostbite you're standing
on the ice that's not allowed
they think they can we actually need
that music Italy trust me it makes sense
you think I'm crazy well everybody that
is all we have for the vlog today thanks
for watching yeah but guess what what
you guys know that fortress is coming
but you want to know when exactly I know
you all are wondering you've been
messaging us we have some dates for you
here they are
December 18th through the 24th that's
about a whole week is fort mmus all the
way out to till Christmas even we
already have some really good ideas
planned but leave some comments of what
you want to see us do for this year's
fort miss yeah so get excited for that
man yeah leave like guys we appreciate
you and we'll see you back here tomorrow
go
you
