good morning guys I'm running a little
late right now so my dentist appointment
that's all right I have to get a cavity
filled stupid but yeah that's what I'm
doing right now just got done with lunch
Wow back in the car that was literally
the fastest time I've been in the
dentist just to give it get a cavity
like if any of you have gotten cavities
before you probably know that the
process is really annoying I mean I've
got a cavity in a while but I remember
back in the day when I was a little
younger getting cavities was such a pain
like getting stabbed with getting numb
like it hurt really bad and this time it
didn't hurt at all just they had to prop
my mouth open with stuff and it was just
so annoying and like stressful but this
was like such a breeze I was like you
sure you put a cab filled the cavity or
whatever so that was nice Teddy hi just
stopped by the parents house to get some
fan mail guys sent since mom always
picks it up it's like a lot of letters
this time in a box well guys it's just
about dinnertime and we're back at my
parents house and I want to show you
something Brittany you went out by the
pool today
and use sunscreen but what did you do
you're in trouble now turn around your
light like now turn around
hey that's your fault Missy so Brittany
put on sunscreen apparently she burned
too okay Teddy I know you're excited but
parents
oh yeah we're watching my parents house
starting at the end of this weekend so
we'll be at this house for a whole yes I
want an easy step best didn't know my
other dog gunner died recently so we had
to put her down so that's what happened
first pet was on the first bed back dad
has something to show me what ping pong
holy craps this is awesome when did you
guys get this aggressive wow look at his
beard by the way guys I can never grow a
beard maybe one day oh yes Salman thanks
for dinner ma'am because you read a lot
grandma
sugar let me like in the day grandma
daddy what are you doing
presents okay who is this from yeah BAM
mom dad aren't you glad it's your
birthday today it's not my birthday
actually it was this is a belated
birthday party we got me this organic
white tea blueberry well that looks good
so 1/2 beginning how to toy
clean energy
hibiscus Bamie that's my name right
there
Justin's maple almond I that expensive
peanut butter never had this grapefruit
ginger to see the back I think Andrew
said this is pretty dry sparkling
trading green hey let me focus on this
okay you ever heard of non-gmo lip balm
it's been
know what what is it nose hair trimmers
yeah we all need some nose hair trimmers
double and ears leave it to your mother
and I brought some guys
irma made some homemade ice that not
good there's peaches chocolate nuts
strawberry Wow yes this is ping-pong
tournament time back home guys and as
always thanks for coming along with us
today I want to show you something so as
of yesterday on more Jase do we hit
200,000 subscribers we shot it out the
more Jase new channel on our main
channel and then flew past 1,000
subscribers so thank you guys so much I
would have never thought that we would
have hit 200,000 subscribers on this
channel
when we first made mortise - I never
like thought we would be doing daily
vlogs but it's turned into what it is
now all because of you guys supporting
us and it just means a lot so thank you
for helping us at this milestone also we
want to do we're gonna be uploading
hoang around the world basically you
guys sang Hawaii
wherever you live so we need a few more
clips and what you guys need to do is
send your submission hoy a submissions
at gmail.com I'll leave it in the
description send a video of you saying
like where you're from your name and
where you're from and then yell hi a so
let me show you an example so these guys
are from Norway so as you can see
they're outside in Norway somewhere like
you know that you can recognize or just
somewhere beautiful try and go outside
or just be creative with your video
don't just sit in your room if you're
gonna send a whole a clip and I mean I'm
thinking next week we're gonna post this
so get it sent as soon as you can if you
want to be in the video alright anyways
thanks for watching and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
