good morning guys and before start this
fan mail vlog andrew has some exciting
news to announce to you guys I have some
exciting news who knows you guys what is
it
see how I'm wearing a t-shirt yeah you
guys probably wear t-shirts too huh they
do really uh-huh
well we just launched a new t-shirt
design and we really hoping you guys
enjoy it as much as we do
yeah so checking it and it's being sold
for a limited time ready to see it
Wow this is it folks
Jase new studios prank shirts you guys
want one because I do we're going to be
leaving a link in the description if you
would like to go pick one up now it's
only available for 14 days and if we
sell 200 of these shirts we're going to
make an ultra limited edition gold foil
version of this so you guys are going to
enjoy which I know you want and for all
girls out there there's girls shirts
girls style shirt t-shirts and there's
tank tops so go check out the campaign
description okay oh just click right
here for the annotation as well and I
don't see Hideo over there okay and
let's get into the family oh here's it
here it is we got a lot of letters you
guys keep sending a lot of letters in
this I don't know what to do with them
all
you go first dear JC shoes I have sent
you guys female our before last time it
was more serious not that this is not
serious but this time I'm just giving
you are sincerely con here's art picture
number one the logo oh that's sick yes
nice that is really cool
well that's pretty cool boy a nice I
like that getting creative over there
Connor have you ever tried to lick your
nipples yes or no
no I never tried that have you ever
pooped in the cup yes or no no no what
are your favorite colors
Justin blue blue and E probably crimson
what is your favorite movies Jessen good
burger burger in natural Ebert
hello guys I'm Justine from France so
sorry if my English is not very good I
like your videos it allows me to improve
my English oh it would have fun that are
probably doesn't do that your blogs
makes me want to travel to the USA I
hope one day Colorado seems so beautiful
it is come to Colorado I hope you
realize how lucky you are
I'm amazed at the numbers of different
fast food you guys have in your city I
will continue to watch your videos
because I like it
you're so funny then give her your good
mood say hi to Brittany she's beautiful
hey birdy this is from Justine and I
like the paper she put a bunch of cool
stickers and oh nice Justine will have
to take you up on that offer maybe we'll
send you a postcard thanks for watching
hello Justin Andrew my name is Roland
that's a sick name I've written you a
letter once before that letter was bad I
hope this one this bad he's going into
9th grade he's from Arizona and he
checks our videos every day for uploads
tell Andy to not go home it is his
choice of what he looks like
yeah I guess technically it's my choice
then at the bottom it says more dish do
+ JC Studios equals good diet equals
good yep equals good so there's JC shoes
more juice you
they look like pumpkins yeah yeah and
then there's some extracurricular
activities what well that's cool a nice
like I'm taking pictures of all your
guys Fame work and posting on my
snapchat if you wanna check it out
Samsung vs. Apple which one Samsung me
Apple are you kidding me I think
everybody here is going to pick Apple
sorry the US please read on a camera
ball Andy almost halfway to 1 million
and at 1 mil you go bald Andy okay dear
Jase new awesomeness my name is Ben I'm
14 years old and I live in Oroville
California I want to tell you how
and inspiration to me you are my dad
passed away the cancer almost two years
ago to pancreatic cancer whenever I'm
upset I watch your videos the videos I
like best and probably everybody else on
loud in a library it can't explain how
much I love your videos because they
made they're made by the best youtubers
ever I can picture you guys on your
scooters when you were 90 that will
happen we've never stopped YouTube even
if you get a show post daily if you can
we will Andrew keep oh nut Singh on
Justin keep you got it boss on bossing
con you guys have always made me feel up
when I'm down you guys are always there
to upload videos so I can feel better
about myself base may never been thanks
Ben I was just told that my best friend
of 13 and a half years has leukemia
please give her a shout out hashtag
Haley is our hero Haley I hope you get
better we're praying for you and thank
you Ben for the very kind letter it
really means a lot of us it was just so
kind thank you these are for you Andrew
what are these my my cards are better
but I have Eddie Royal - I got Eddie
Royal and Travis Henry classic Broncos
dear JC sea-doos my name is Kiana
de Phipps I'm probably not saying that
right so I'm sorry I'm a big fan of you
guys but this letter is cool because I
passed all of my tests on my teacher let
me show my classmates the eating loud
and library pranks and the whole class
was cracking up after I showed them the
video my principal then let me show the
video at my school's pep rally and the
whole school was laughing so hard that I
couldn't even hear the video I wish I
was there would have been a nuts pep
rally so after that I wanted to write
you guys a letter that is awesome one is
me
what is you well thank you for the
letter and I'm glad your school enjoyed
all of our videos the back of those
letter says Aaron can't even look at
this well thankfully he's not yes that
could I was a close one
just do it love you guys hey beans you
like fan mail I thought nope
hi I'm Noah and I'm 14 years old I live
in Texas I love the fact that you guys
are Christian meet you and don't curse
me too
y'all are just really good role models
and I really respect all of you Justin
Andy Erin Britt Mary just all of you
you're my role models for life and me
and my bros have started our own YouTube
channel due to y'all's hilarious sense
of humor my goodness that's great news
haha love you guys and god bless you
from Noah PS I hope y'all liked the
picture I drew a dad how tall are y'all
I'm 6 foot 3 I'm 6 foot I'm 6 2
you know how tall are you Brittany high
five seven so whoa that is cool man you
guys are getting real good with all
these drawings I love it
smile so I can take a screenshot nice
high just a bike that's funny awesome
well thanks so much for the letter Noah
your Justin Andrew I love your flocks
and have a youtube channel and it's
gaming Mike Evans oh that's awesome
can you call Kevin tell him I said hi
please my number is blank blank blank
like like a plane do not say on video
fine oh this is from Johnny he also
included that one dollar bill for
balding know what yeah Oh more Jase -
wait Wow right over this letter we got a
bag a dollar no don't go away bald
Andy foundation I will put well rested
this in here here just Andrew please
read on camera my name is Riley and I'm
10 years old
your videos are the things I go to when
I'm sad or mad or I'm just bored every
day after school I always go to both
your channels to see if you upload
anything new that is very epic I started
watch your videos by looking at random
challenges and found your random
challenges from a cup video oh man a
while ago you're the very best
pranksters on YouTube love Riley and
that is epic this is a cool picture by
the way great drawing Riley and thank
you so much for the letter hey there
this is a tayden I watch your videos all
the time watch other Boston pranks
favorite video is allowed eating in the
library I made my own toilet paper for
it I wrote on a bar boy it was awesome
and fun but then when my mom found out I
got grounded by the way I'm 11 years old
and he put a $1 bill here
oh yeah nation he wants us to sign this
this is the auto graph page Auto graphed
Auto graphed hi my name is Brian I'm 11
years old been watching her videos for
about a year I have a bad day at school
I want you bits my family loves helium
drive through prank and Syria in the
library those are good ones my friends
and I will sometimes start yelling ho a
or dad in the store you guys should try
EXO zombies in advanced warfare because
it's fun maybe I'll try to add that also
are you guys Christian yes and he put
some money here this is for the ball
fouled
Andy foundation Al how much is this 25
30 35 45 46 cents to the ball hey boy
hey see
Jase dude dad dear Justin Stuart my name
is my name is Caleb I haven't watched
your videos for that long but I am a
subscriber
let's try some videos and i mattr sad i
just watch her videos I forgot why I was
even mad or sad please just work in this
video but here's the drawing you know
very nice very nice looks like Christmas
morning what do you know Wow hi my name
is Adam I am 12 years old and I live in
Nebraska I enjoy watching Hollyer videos
and I think they are funny and awesome
every time I watch a video here as I end
up smiling and she provided full 25 30
40 50 once mmm you gotta be kidding me
can you meet me baby mommy were watching
the bitch in the donation what ooh a
Justin Andy my name is Paul on my nine
years old and I have watched all of your
vids and have been subscribed since your
delivering 14 pizzas break you guys are
hilarious and make me laugh when I'm sad
my class looks at me crazy whenever I
say AAA I live in California my bday is
October 4th by the way I'm really
looking forward to see your TV show me
to tell Brittany and Teddy I say hi well
god bless you all goodbye thanks for
watching the video
I try and like when people send letters
I like to read them exactly how they're
written so hi guys my name is Chad I'm
13 this is my first this is my first
mail that I send you so sorry that's
it's bad but I love your vids and I hope
to see you oh yeah I'm from Canada and
no we don't make igloo because because
some of Americans think that we do the
side of all that you guys make me laugh
when I'm sad mad and remember to always
see you always ball your dreams and
nobody can tell you what you can
you can't use well thank you Chad and I
didn't think Canadians made English
neither do people actually think that
yes hey Justin and Andrew I've been
enjoying the pranks every week in the
vlogs every day they always make me
laugh even when I'm down
you guys always find a way to cheer me
up especially the challenge videos thank
you for the videos you guys will always
be my inspiration now glue this was a
Luigi boy oh that's really good good bro
and Batman symbol hi
and this is from Troy dear Jason she
knows my name is Noah and I am 12 year
old I live in Pueblo Colorado did you
guys know I used to live in Buffalo yeah
no I used to live in Pueblo West
probably in his house I've been watching
your bits for about a 1 year I've
watched all your bits and vlogs you guys
are really funny
keep up the good work to make me laugh
I'm sad or just want to laugh PS don't
read on vlog well guys I can't read this
on vlog but oh man that's alright Thank
You Noah hi hi hey it's done ok what
happened
hi we are steep and if you live because
like we get high we are steep you're
stopped filming no this is made me laugh
because he's putting both our names but
the other names on the bottom so it
should as high we're stupid
that's awesome we are Stephen in
Thompson I just made you I watch your
videos every day your videos are funny
makes me happy when I am sad or mad and
he has Hebron do away and a jstor Hawaii
is dope way just an ad I'm anna-marie
and I wanted you to know that I can't
even explain how much you guys make me
laugh I lost so hard and my mom's store
and everyone looked at me but I don't
care
oh by the way I'm from Victorville
California I'm 11 years old and that's
it
Ann Marie thank you very much for the
letter I just opened it up in immediate
what the three donations three holy
that's the record for this vlog three in
one way here's $2 for Android you go
volt I would love you to put this in a
video and send it to me huh suspected to
make a PS random necklace Andrew
bald Andrew specifically so that's from
Nathan I'll try on the necklace yeah but
look sweet now or what tin honk oh yeah
dude alright chill yo nice the letter
maybe dear Justin and Andrew hi it's Ben
again and I feel kind of weird asking
you guys how to be famous
I remember that letter I have no idea
why I asked you that I am sorry that I
think that I was kind of or rude of me
that's every so have a piece of gum I've
been included some gum cuz he's got bad
this is one for me I don't know whose
that is
but can I have it yeah thanks what da
another million dollars what
Oh a Andrew just send you guys are the
funniest youtubers ever
I've been subbed for two years now love
your 12 number for you guys are very
inspiring please read this on a video
and if you can't do that please give me
a call so if you read this in a video we
don't have to call you yeah look I just
kid sign please keep making videos from
Chase here's 1 million dollars for a
needle
is totally real do you realize how much
money people are giving you to go bulb
probably actually probably five million
dollars you're just an angel I'm a big
fan of your channel YouTube you are so
awesome and funny this favorite video is
the speaker and the library Siri it's
laughing really hard from Bryson thanks
for watching and being a fan Bryson I
just want to point out it's like sweet
dad but it's cool
hi my name is Chris I'm 16 I'm going to
be a junior this year
awesome I'm in NJROTC national junior
Reserve Officers Training Corps I'm from
Chicago but currently living in Arizona
my mom died this past November so I live
grandparents house anyways I will make
this quick for you guys you guys put a
big smile on my face with your guys
vlogs and especially your pranks
keep up the amazing video throws god
bless you guys and your families I'm
sorry to hear about your mom hug but
this is a awesome drawing ah nuts
instead of super coolers and just the
way he did the edges - oh yeah that is
oh good I enjoy that so thanks for
watching our videos Chris now that we're
done with the letters moving on to picky
Jesus this is from Australia what it
says from zoar anything what is that a
snack dun dun dun why oh no oh no what a
chocolate falling caramel with Vegemite
that sounds disgusting I first I thought
was just chocolate from Australia yeah
Shrek does this is awesome I can't wait
to try it
don't say that hey guys Zorin here from
Australia yes you can poke fun of my
name
trying pronouncing it soren wrong saw
one most recent videos with you guys try
and candy and chocolate so I thought I'd
send you the most oddest combination
chocolate with Vegemite oh if you do
like it well then you're true-blue
Aussie blokes I doubt I'll like it if
you unsure what Vegemite is it's very
popular savory spread made from
concentrated yeast extract enjoy Wow
we are going to try this after we open
all the rest of the packages but Thank
You Sauron for the for this and we have
tried Vegemite before if you haven't
seen that go check it out and there's
like Legos Eclair what maybe it's a
challenge made to build something Oh
traveling the easiest challenge ever
that would be cool gay there's some
pictures he really likes the biking yeah
he does
hello I'm Nate and I'm 11 years old and
I live in Florida please read this on
camera
you guys are awesome and I love your
pranks please make another positive
report yes and there's some Legos in
here what is this oh what the $2 dollars
mate yes yes yeah we built something
pretty cool what do you think yeah hey
now the big box what could be in here
it feels pretty light hollow but it
could be deceiving
whatever it got whoo what what is it why
I want all whoa I've never the letters
oh hey goats I'm Paul and I'm 17 I just
moved to Georgia and now I'm swimming on
the best team in the state
go away ASL whoa you're a swimmer I
started watching your vlogs first and
show them to my family they really like
him the skin I put in the Box is clean
and from my house in Alabama but what he
put in the Box the skin what
I'm very concerned red vines
I love red vines favorite candy we'll
give that a try and by skin he was
talking about this what the what is this
is that a tail I don't know
ah this feels very weird uh
is this like a squirrel like this was
tuck and then he included a little Bible
here money from where I lived in Germany
I mean some money from China and Vietnam
holy crap
good AK that is awesome yeah there is a
letter in the language I made up enjoy
what Greece oh my gosh how am I supposed
to read this what's it look like
you could level the off which are yo-yo
bite air what's a weasel I know there's
a cool wood thing we node what's this
warheads sour dipper things oh well
thanks for that letter Paul we're gonna
try everything now I'm a funny story
about red vines my brother and Mary on
each other's birthdays they always buy
each other the the 40-pound
bucket of red vines or 40 40 ounces
wherever it is yeah it's kind of like a
running joke in the family I share with
you guys but back I think I like
Twizzlers better to be honest Oh
bottoms up I guess
good
mmm yeah pretty sour I just want to
point out in this chocolate there's
eight surgeons in here
whoa all right let's give it a try
pear chocolate Vegemite that's what it
says on the label that's what I say oh
it's like that poo flavor is I coming up
and it has stopped you know I made no
Brittany has a letter hi Brittany my
name is autumn and I wanted to say that
you are awesome kind and pretty I like
to watch your videos I think they are
awesome and I enjoy watching them you're
so special and she wrote down her
favorite Scripture which is Psalm 139 14
I praise you because I am fearfully and
wonderfully made your works are
wonderful that is an awesome person
thank you I'm for writing me well
anyways guys thanks to everybody who
sent us stuff this time we appreciate it
all your nice notes as always you guys
are the best fans here on YouTube that's
all and yeah like we said in the
beginning if you want to sure click the
link in description even if you don't
want one go check it out at least but
you want one yeah we know you want one
yeah and if you get one you have to send
us a picture of you wearing it and on
Twitter I tweet it to us and we're we
well we'll retweet your picture but
we're currently we set the goal of 50
shirts we have to sell 50 shirts in
order for all the shirts to ship out so
say only 49 people buy it then they
won't be shipped because it didn't reach
the goal nobody gets the shirt so you
have to get 50 and if we get 200 gold
who doesn't want gold I don't want one
of that well see you later
