good morning guys right now my Andrews
house I don't have internet at our
apartment yet we're getting it today so
we're having to upload over at his house
today we're just exporting the blog
right now and we're thinking up new
prank ideas currently you hurt amel this
is what we're let's let's try here don't
hit your head okay now sit you do it I
might need help
stick your head
look so funny from this angle here I can
see your head
maybe I'll wear a beanie or something
yes when you put this head up it looks
so real now that you saw that we're
actually heading out to try out the idea
which Buford so we're hoping that we get
the footage or we're just hoping this
works we have no idea what to expect
honestly how I try it maybe some of the
drive through maybe some like inside a
restaurant oh look at you face blinks oh
you knew we were going in the car you
want to make the best yeah van goodness
no not dealing with that we're getting
ready to set up see how it goes got the
cam here I'm actually going to use this
blog camera and put it right here
while Andrews going is that a good spot
no yeah that's broad yes I probably like
do this make sure yes I use brain
it looks like beofre is excited as well
hopefully he cooperates oh he will he's
not getting a treat
Buford are you ready to prank with us
yeah buddy and thank goodness if you
guys remembered our conjoined twin prank
thank goodness we kept this jacket this
is the jacket we use to think big it was
zip Alexa fit me you four perfect hey
Buford you ready come on
front and center no Buford
get my lap come here it's okay you're
allowed to write now come on come here
come on
is it good there I don't know about this
come on Buford nope can't get to front
they're going wild right now come here
good boy okay now sit on my lap stand up
get up okay now sit try and sit back I
can't
that's funny from here
dear God please give me a small truck I
think that went pretty successful you
hear we'll give you guys a quick preview
of what it look like in the drive
Thank You McGowan figure for you one
second please let me think for a second
here
think I'll get a hot and spicy oh thank
you
well I just left Andrews house because I
have to go back to our apartment to get
internet installed the Comcast guys
coming over thank goodness cuz without
internet how are we ever going to upload
soup for you guys well I forgot to bring
my vlog camera inside when the Comcast
guy was here but he installed Internet
and it is fast guys I'll show you when
we get home the speeds we have it's epic
but I'm here with wife how are you doing
wife good how are you good
look at all the stuff we got in the bag
still oh yeah but yeah we haven't ate
too much today
and since we just moved in we don't
really have that much groceries so we're
going to get some food and um we're
probably gonna go to the grocery store
this week and get a ton of groceries
like Costco probably right yeah we're
gonna get some idea men and like good
stuff like that cuz over to the store
today but I just got fruit cuz sprouts
I love
like sheep I know did you then at the
shop to Brier gate we're so happy cuz we
live near this place and we love it but
remember guys I used to work here it's
one of my favorite places to eat so I
don't care you too right yeah haha what
is your absolute favorite place to eat
Italian just soon as getting ready for
food in the guy the guy right here
watches our videos Oh bro hey these guys
are awesome
hilarious please eat more lettuce and
public areas okay we will thanks for
watching yeah for sure biggest fan I
will contest' it yeah yeah we're just
randomly sitting recess what God how
open it is out yet now we're taking some
birdies using her a camera to get some
instagrams for her so Brittany's taking
pictures of me right now I'm vlogging
almost 7:00 so I am heading to the gym
right now
Brittany's out with some friends getting
some dinner so got to get a nice workout
in and I just want to show you some new
kick they got Brittany got me these on
my birthday so I didn't have really any
running shoes and she knows I like the
color blue oh yeah got a dandy workout
and I didn't film it because like I said
I want to save what the gym looks like
for the tour video so I promise I'll
film it soon but like I said earlier I
want to show you guys the internet
speeds we have here so I like going to
speedtest.net to check the speed now I
don't know if you guys know much about
what all these mean but for those who do
you'll understand that this is fast
download speed about 95
and then I wish upload speed was a
little higher just because you know
upload speed if it's higher it uploads
YouTube videos faster and well that's
mainly the reason I want to be faster so
like when I want to upload a video
doesn't take like all day but yeah
there's the stats pretty cool hashtag
awesome what the oh and guys one more
note if you guys remember we made a
mention about the wipeout run we are
attending the Denver location for those
who didn't know which is going to be
August 15th now if any of you would like
to come to it with us then register
before the 18th because I'm not
eighteenth prices go up and also at
checkout if you put in all caps
Jase to Studios you get five dollars off
your ticket as well even if you don't go
to the Denver location if you want to go
to any of these locations put J stu
studios at the very end in the code and
you'll get five dollars off sell let us
know if you would like to do that with
us or if your going to be going to any
of the other locations because we're
going to be vlogging the experience and
it's just going to be a blast
oh thanks for watching guys we really
appreciate it and you have been blowing
us away with all the support on all the
blogs lately all the likes and views
it's just making us so motivated I guess
we'll see you tomorrow good bye
craw
