good morning guys look outside
wow it's bright fix there we go it would
literally hear it yeah
guys you can hear the hail coming hail
so we're look this piece I found it's
about to hail Brittany said it's hailing
up by our house and it's starting to
hail here so we're just yeah but you can
hear the storm coming but couldn't vlog
outside we just got to the movie
theaters hold my hand for nothing it's
all straight now he took liked it like
20 minutes just before my hair huh we're
here seeing Jurassic world with Andrew
and Mary it was literally like we are
going through a water park just running
to get here now are soaked sucks
once commercials we ever seen our school
district is here doing commercials it's
almost 9:00 a.m. here and right now I'm
driving to get some bagels because if
you didn't already know me and Brittany
are moving today and Andrew and my dad
and bringing mom is going to be helping
us move today so I'm getting some
breakfast for everybody at Panera Bread
but I'm just super excited to get the
day going and move into our new place so
let's go what the dad here we are
Venera
so just got home and look at all the
boxes my goodness I mean not too too too
much but yeah anyways I got um two plain
bagels
two chocolate chip and two cinnamon
crunch so this is gonna be good with a
sat on once juice just picked up the
u-haul now the crew is here
what up folks everything is coming on
well though I guess I should stop
vlogging so I get to work here's the
holy gut not bad and it's really nice
out today so how you feeling did you
have a bagel
yeah what flavor cinnamon ah you also
filled up my car completely the boxes
what yeah the last time we moved this is
like what happened last time this box
spring cannot go through our front door
so a nervous wreck we had to like throw
it up here basically yeah we're gonna
throw it up here so I'm going to vlog
the experience of Papa Stewart trying to
catch it
good job guys Oh Guinea are dead oh we
got everything packed and now we're
heading over to our new apartment we
just got to unload everything get a few
things squared away with the management
team there and we'll be good to go we're
all moved in to the apartment stuffs
everywhere boxes but we gotta get lunch
first all we've had is a bagel today not
enough
hey guys I'm here in New York City Wow
look at the view
just right outside my window
music TV some campus so as you can see
as you can bra tell it's a new day we
couldn't really vlog too much just
because moving is so crazy I just never
had time to like pull out the camera to
film so that's why you didn't get to see
too much of a moving process but I just
got I just want to give you guys a quick
preview of what the new apartment looks
like
and that's it I don't want to actually
show you everything just yet because it
is so crazy in here clearly there's just
boxes everywhere and it doesn't look
good
so we want to get it cleaned up looking
nice and then I'll give you a full tour
of our apartment the community center
the workout pool all that stuff so get
excited for that probably be it won't be
too long it should be it shouldn't take
too long for us to clean up everything
so right now we're at FedEx Office I'm
trying to print off my hand shot resumes
Shabab testing acting thing so this is
the perfect place to do it what the heck
give that to them they'll do it for free
I have a pinecone will you take it
yeah now just got to figure out which
one to ship it in there's many that
might be funny they'll laugh at that
also like this this is stuff yeah guys
again sorry for the vlog being so random
and short about the rest of the week
we'll be back to normal style vlogs
where's the basketball we can play a
horse what the give the puter back
andrew flash stole the puter again flash
get it back you keep stealing it
he maybe he's trying to pull a prank on
us hey don't hurt me you clay yes he
it's on the loose
flash flash okay well I didn't know
buddies could poop did it oh my turn
Mike good guaranteed this
whoops this trees getting in the way now
thanks for watching guys
final words Andrew you are what you say
you are a superstar next America's Got
Talent
Andrew site is I'm coming on stage what
do you sing first today hey my ABCs you
make a new style of ABCs you make ABC's
fun not boring hey Z VSA well see you
tomorrow goodbye
