hey guys welcome back to more juice dude
as promised we are doing the popcorn
challenge we went to our local popcorn
store called Kohl's gourmet popcorn they
have so many flavors there guys it would
be same yeah so we we got our favourites
that we think might make for a good
video today what did you get I got dill
pickle and loaded potato never had
either of these before
yeah definitely not and then I got Pizza
flavored as well as mac and cheese and
Andrew also found this at the store
which we will microwave it's gonna be
the finale
this is habanero popcorn so should we
get started or what yeah let's start
with dill pickle okay now once you tell
them how you feel about that um please
no calls oh I hate pickles yes and I
love pickles oh here you go
oh you don't like it all you know that's
good Oh keep that in mind guys when
you're sending fan down Andrew doesn't
like pedals no forget forget I said but
I love pickles what rating you give this
one I'll give it a seven gates uh now
that sounds very business for a main
course does it smell like pizza what
kind of pizza is this set
all right I mean there's got slight
hints of pizza it's like tomato sauce oh
yeah kind of does have a tomato sauce
feel good so do you like that one better
than this one oh yes
five and a half I'll give it a five I
like this one better so the next one we
got here is a loaded potato meaning sour
cream bacon chives cheese the whole nine
yards good
Wow
nothing is better than Pizza hmm okay
this has more of a flavor of the loaded
potato than Mike it tastes like a little
potato with a lot of bacon yeah I just
wanna keep eating we're going to eat
them at the bed huh oh I didn't even
tasted the chives a little bit an eight
out of ten probably give it a seven all
right yeah this is macaroni and cheese
which I do like that
who doesn't like mac and cheese yeah I
hope he has like a noodle paste he goes
oh it doesn't taste like gourmet mac and
cheese it kind of tastes like a crack
like a boxed mac and cheese like a cheap
cheap box mac and cheese
I give that like a probably five as well
I'll probably give it a c-minus yeah so
here's my order of pretty much best
loaded potato dill pickle pizza and then
mac and cheese that's like oh my gosh
but it's not over yet oh my goodness we
have to go put this in the microwave
well let's get going just cooked it Oh
grab are you gonna get with ya it says
there are habanero peppers in here are
these hot go
I can definitely feel it feel the heat
huh are you talking spicy wait where's
Wallace and you know it doesn't what I'm
afraid Gore popcorn I just
it tastes like regular popcorn it just
has a little sting to it but definitely
smelt worse than it tastes how to smell
like destroyed my nose yeah I'd give
this like a probably like a six out of
ten
oh yeah it'd be higher but it keeps
burning my face stop it yes I think we
should take it up a notch you yes all
right what should we do
I'm proposing to get go back through the
flavors but we dip them in some sort of
spicy sauce I'm up for the challenge
alright let's do it you got the curtain
habanero sauce as you remember we did
this challenge before we kept all the
sauces which one do you want to do first
just dude deal ready
what we're all on the bright side this
canceled out basically the pickle
flavored
yeah I want added like a new flavor
alright there's no it tastes like a
chili cheese dog yeah oh my god whoa
that doing pizza now it tastes like that
tastes like a pizza a little kidding me
watchable yeah
mac and cheese okay it's awful yeah
now I'm trying one of each all combined
okay let's do this
I like I like she liked that combination
honestly hope you guys enjoy this
episode there are so many different
flavors of popcorn out there so we may
have to do part two if you guys enjoyed
this let us know by leaving a like and
next week we're thinking about doing
this for a challenge this is called
wicked nightmare this a fan sent us this
and the fan mail you might have
remembered it from the video but you're
supposed to mix this with like a big pot
of chili so we might do that and see
what happens if you blow up or something
yeah so we might try that out for next
week so I just know if you like to see
that well see you later
