well good morning guys what up
like we said yet yesterday's vlog Nene
and drew are going to try and build a
raft to go into the little lake over by
the frisbee golf course and try and
float in it so Andrew hasn't blow up
that he's gonna blow up
there it is ship is ready let's hope it
works yeah but before we go to the swamp
we're heading up King Soopers like the
good old days because we need to get
some bug spray
literally mosquitos have been the death
of me lately
beginning so many mosquito bites all of
my legs it's paving me off have you been
getting some too everywhere yo yeah look
I've been h1 right here and I have I
don't know I probably like a good 5 or 6
so I am putting a stop to this
oh yes now which one would be the best
one Noah not oil or greasy smoothly drip
skin stations man I don't know which one
is actually the best so we went with the
deep woods brand hopefully this works
I'm trying this today samba zone looked
pretty good so yeah
were you in I got a bag classic yes see
if this works this swamp it is since
it's been so hot lately it's kind of
drying up so I'm glad we're doing this
today
people wonder what people think we're
doing here's our rowers by the way we're
using like blank decks
don't let her float away man so you're
gonna jump a board or what this is gonna
funny as all get-out
come on the back that's if you get on it
works do you need a board man you just
abandon ship no I was hoping you jump on
six we got an audience here as well how
does it smell over there how you gonna
sit up now we should find a thing like
that and put this on top of that cuz I
feel like if I get on time I sink
alright well scoot up in the hold
position Oh nuts
alright guys hold on are we gonna sink
yeah yes
thank you yeah this is epic all right
you guys what if I D we should've put
our shoes Wow why don't we do that okay
I feel like we're in the Amazon right
now guys if you ever want to go on a
lake just get a air mattress and I just
feel like if I fall off this gonna suck
to put this camera you have one job well
I tried to get there Debray get out of
the way do not pop our boat okay okay
we're gonna have to take our shoes off
right here guys just
yeah cuz I can't put these in here yeah
yeah alright I'm just gonna try and get
on here whoa whoa I don't have a rap ha
you betrayed me Oh nuts
hold on folks this is just called day
three on the rafts stuck out here I know
hold on
what am I supposed to do I get
I can't row in film you know okay this
is actually harder than it looks guys so
I want to film it all but I do I don't
want to fall in yeah oh thank god yeah
but if we put the bed on here here let's
go to shore over here yeah this is like
sludge ville well I'm slowly making my
way over to the shore and you see why is
there okay what is all this this is unki
goopy sure took our shoes off because
you're standing in the front and we're
putting the air bed on the wooden raft
to create a better boat
here we are in the middle of the swamp
duck out here we kind of got hung up on
a tree it's okay
I'm a show I'm a tease it's hot out here
danger is over there setting camp how
are the waters today that's a good
thumbnail right there there's a ton of
crocodiles somewhere in this majors
gonna try and tame one what as andrew
maneuvers his way through the alba
getting rain forest this swamp is full
of alligators and crustaceans but he
isn't afraid of any of those things
because he's got the power of Lulu the
Beast
Oh looks like Andra has come to his
first obstacle oh wait he's Andrew he
can avoid any installation
out of the water so I'm just thinking of
like some random people see Andrew out
there by himself he's so confused like
what's this guy doing all by himself uh
uh mudslide here we go I did it
how was the land out there my little
boarding here wow you boarded the Cu or
the land perfectly thank you and the
boats not even that wet you did it son
poop time for some pizza why not
everybody needs some good old pizza
every now and then come on Wow
the atmosphere is super fun
oh really wow this looks that pick
thanks Jackie guys looks pretty good I'd
say wow that was very good pizza but I
gotta go to the dentist now so let's go
bye sir yeah no oh yeah oh what oh
really
what remember yes yesterday's vlog is
putting out the basketball hoop I mean
what oh that looks so fun it looks
gorgeous
you gotta see it in action though what
come on man make is a basket as you can
see I'm going pro
alright I'm in the dentist's chair guys
haven't got my wisdom teeth out yet so
that's probably gonna have to get done
soon which will be very funny I have a
feeling we're just waiting for the doc
now wish me luck
I'm looking fresh to death today folks
well craps looks like I have one cavity
but the doctor did say that I don't
really need to get my wisdom teeth taken
out because he says they're already
coming in pretty well they're not really
corrupting my other teeth and since I
already have straight teeth it's not
really a problem but it wouldn't hurt to
get him outside like on the fence I just
really want to get him oh but me and the
wife are at King Soopers dinner I think
we're making spaghetti squash with
alfredo sauce and chicken so we got to
get some ingredients real quick here we
are how do you know which one's right
these were like this we're back home now
but I want to show you guys how I like
to cook the chicken and maybe you guys
could try it at home so you can see how
good this is because seriously it is
like all-time faves one of my all-time
favorites so basically you can get this
sauce at any store it's a short SCORM a
spicy original it's just what it looks
like so look for that I don't actually
don't know if it will be in every store
cuz it says it's it's it is made in
Colorado so if not maybe you can order
it if you think I'm telling the truth
it's the best I got this chicken which
is Colorado raised chicken I usually
like getting raw chicken because it's
it's easier to cook and what I like to
do is put the burner on about if you
have like a from low to high and then it
has numbers like putting it about 3 and
1/2 and say and then while that's
getting warmed up
we got this organic safflower oil and
avocado and coconut oil so you put a
little dab of that I really like these
scissors so then you can cut the chicken
into like little slices however big a
tender chicken strips little bite-size
whatever you perform but you can see
it's cut up now and what you want to do
is just drizzle it all over the chicken
so you're pretty much just cooking it in
this stuff that should be good and I got
I like this lid cuz there's a little air
holes and you can put it over the whole
thing let it vent it's like heating up
everything and then although it's bats
are gonna be flavorful enough just add a
little spice to the mix whatever spice
if you're choosing I like this stuff
tex-mex Chipotle just sprinkled over
there maybe with a little pepper some
salt pretzels and hummus
my favorite snacks oh I didn't want to
point out you want to cook it on like a
low medium heat because if you cook it
too high the heat will take away all the
nutrients that is in the food you're
cooking so that's why you do it low and
after about 10 12 minutes of cooking it
looks so good and all the hot sauce is
like soaked up in there and here's the
final product spaghetti squash yeah it
doesn't look too good on camera but it's
super delish
for dessert LeBron James I remember a
while ago somebody's like you should do
a cooking with Justin episode that's
what you're getting today bi for dessert
we're making egg bait mingle raspberry
smoothie you get a bank you get a
blender this is the mango bag get some
mango chunks you wanna get the frozen
one so you can make it thick I've got
some raspberries as well frozen entrees
this is for a different smoothie they're
different day and we have banana which
will be you and why not throw some
strawberries we have a few left and make
it a little more fruity basically you've
been blend this together that's it
well guys that's the end of the vlog
today but before we go andrew has
something to say to you guys I have an
announcement give this video like if you
want to see more rafting adventures and
by rafting adventures we're talking
about a lake maybe a river I'd be a
stream maybe a puddle we'll see what we
can do because that was fun but that's
about it I guess we'll see you tomorrow
bye
