good morning good morning I'm very
excited today why because my car has
been in the shop for two weeks I finally
had to happen yeah just taking forever
do you know what it was the problem has
some arrow the rack and pinion is busted
but it's fixed right fixed and the other
problem was when I took my car into the
shop I left my vlogging camera in the
console so I think it film anything but
now it's back and rows back from the
dead I'll change them no it's never
ending right now we're going to get some
lunch
hung me and Andrew as a Koopa free
chick-fil-a sandwich coupon of course
click every time we go to chick-fil-a
Andrew gets the free chicken sandwich
coupon and I don't but Andrew set up he
has this little device here like you set
up your phone connected to this we're
gonna live broadcast of a periscope hey
hey everybody
hey guys thanks for joining guys getting
the food yeah my wallets stuck in my
pocket though well pull up you freak a
can I'm not allowed to unless I have my
payments ready you're welcome yes
yes but oh I have a coupon for a free
sandwich okay I love doing messing
around in a dress today so much for us
yeah oh yes sir keV oh thank you
as you can see we have our chick-fil-a
I'm just waiting for Justin out in the
patio here and nobody outside I don't
know why there's someone else outside
eating so gorgeous out here is my meal
o'clock is a must with chicken
breathable what's about it I also tried
tofu it's actually not that bad here I
was expecting it to be bad but it kinda
tastes like
seasoned chicken now that we're all
finished with lunch we're fueled up and
ready for the rest of the day so right
now we head into the fruit B golf course
otherwise known as for all oh you just
got three wrap cheese danish got three
discs here we're gonna me and we're
gonna play we've been playing a lot more
lately so I don't know it's just
something fun to do I don't know if you
guys have frisbee golf courses where you
live but you should try it out sometime
it's actually really fun how many holes
like this yeah 18 holes it's a full
course before we get going
why don't you show them that new way of
putting all right this is called turbo
putt like this okay and when you throw
it you kind of spin your hand I'll show
you my moves
ready yep it's a lot better than just
throwing you like that cuz this it goes
on like a straight line alright so
Justin's first and we're gonna play it
modified rules where if you just hit the
one of the basket you don't even have to
be in if you hit it it counts I like
that rule off let me - it's more fun
all right Sean one more thing about the
golf course here is whoa since all the
rain this whole part of the course is a
big lake
suck my first throw and as you can see
there's some orange discs which Justin
just did that whoa we have to use a
stick to get it out really don't want to
go in Oh nuts
yeah just get that stick you'll be okay
I can feel it
yes huh oh no I got to his disc in the
Weaver oh yes come on
yes Wow epic you just glided didn't go
farther out I remember one time we were
here last time I heard the guy like way
in there I know he was like up to his
belly he's trying to walk around finding
his disc there's probably so many discs
in here this was a walkway ah these
things were a walkway before the the
flood happened down here and they just
kind of washed away I climb aboard
good idea yep it's a good idea because
I'm filming whoa yeah very jealous is it
sinking on that end now push off Oh jump
aboard no I'm not jumping on that I'll
be so wonderful leave uh
if you guys want us to come like get
like a little boat they looks like
they're going swimming but if you guys
want us to get a little boat will go
like canoeing through all these trees
and stuff they're going swimming look
they're looking for disks whoa easy
fellas Hey look he's floating whoa he
did it I just love playing frisbee golf
in this area just because it's so like
filled with nature in trees and fun
makes for some fun obstacles
see now this whole is a challenge
because it's right in the middle of all
the trees I don't know
let's throw up Oh whew did this good
whoa
can you score yes watch I'm watching
ah I just had the worst shot of the day
for me so far
somehow my disk got stuck in there would
you appreciate if I hit it right now
yeah but I just understand it's like up
and down it's like vertical but somehow
staying in the tree ready fire fire yes
hi the bidet bidet yeah can Andrew get a
good shot here let's find out folks oh
sorry about that ain't nothing better
than a fresh glass of water after a hot
day in the Sun and there's lemonade for
after Oh what do you got here boss the
new basketball this yeah this one's bad
see I started to unscrew it yesterday
but until hookers robbery no that's
alright but that's not that one's much
nicer and we could play some summer
games but tomorrow we're going to try
and build a raft and go in the water
right it will work I promise we just got
to figure out how so that's something
you can look forward to in tomorrow's
vlog
good bye deal
okay ah back home folks and check out
the apartment we're getting ready to
move like I said so we have boxes upon
boxes this weekend
you excited I'm excited like stop my
anything time to go out the Brandon
brought his Jeep over check it out
this is tow you get the top off carpet
oh man
you need to put like a little seat back
here that's super gaudy for me and Brit
yeah this is sweet I love it ah hey yes
that's the end of today's vlog and like
we said get excited for tomorrow's vlog
it's gonna be a never-before-seen
adventure you're not gonna want to miss
this
Yeah right promise you'll come back
tomorrow yeah
please cuz we risk our lives for you
guys guy daddy
well see you later good bye
we'll be back real soon with stuff like
this
