hey guys so a few months back mean ager
traveled over to London to be on this UK
TV show called virtually famous and if
you guys didn't see the vlog we filmed
over there we'll leave it in the
description to show the behind the
scenes to all of this right and the
virtually famous is on the network
efore so if you live in the UK or
wherever that's broadcast you might have
seen it but it doesn't air in America so
we're going to show you the segment we
were on so check it out
it's time to play meet the makers
and this
our teams have to work out which famous
tip our mystery guest is responsible for
so please welcome tonight's mystery yes
as always our mystery guests will sit
there in complete silence which means
they can't fight back no matter what our
team says about them so why this person
virtually famous did they make the
greatest catch of all time
and that remains to this day America's
greatest achievement Christa's team did
you notice a flicker of pride in our
mystery guest eye when he watched that
clip we're looking for the person who
guess yes you all right
no he did not catch a frisbee right so
serious at this round that man did not
catch the frisbee if he did I will eat
his what what how did the video make you
feel did it impress you I was like at
the end I was like wow so yes Aquagirl
was like well where the fuck's a frisbee
I was just a bit confused until the end
to the end I mean for all we your could
have been a different frisbee I lost
sight of the frisbee after a while okay
this is Tony's were conspiracy now I'm
tell you now it wasn't him
right that's that one all right John
team do you think I missed your guess
could have pulled off an amazing catch
like that you've got that sort of stoic
look about in me he looks like he's
built for greatness
I like to imagine they didn't know the
guy who threw the frisbee would you got
a fishing trip have a look at option two
is he the mastermind behind this noisy
prank
I'm sorry about that I can't show you
without a good snack
this is kidding what do you think is
this guy the mastermind behind those
pranks I love that that was one of my
favorite yeah Charlotte when was the
last time you in the library it was like
yes yeah seven year rewritten school is
another library well as the last rookie
read I'm actually in between one now but
I lost it while I was in Australia it's
really good it's called good luck your
own book no I haven't read that one yet
sure that's the scale look like a bracer
to you I mean three honest he looks like
he's stoned
finally let's have a look at option
three does our guests lead the secret
life a secret life as an incredibly
superhero
look at the sort of man who would put on
really tight clothing and pants around
the mean streets of Cambridge how come
we test if he's Batman right you put the
mascot and he had short blonde pupae
started one on edges if he's been
electrified David you're built like a
superhero what's the most heroic thing
you've ever done
um for a big 7-foot giant guy how's
quite heroic a bottle paid lot minions
are a true heroism
you've got paid millions to do something
why are you here I love you and your
shoulders so nice right it's decision
time
what is our mystery guest responsible
for it's the option one the frisbee
catcher option two the noisy library
eater or is it option three the
Batman are you gonna charlet have her
wait she seems like team captain tonight
I'm talking number two I wouldn't dad
don't go number two around Charlotte
I've seen what you think I thought it
was number one for sure but the way the
guys got this look in his eye he doesn't
crack the grin you have to be a bit
mental to run around in that suit that
guy seemed serious and he's got a kind
of a mental look I first I thought it
was stoic now I think it's straight
craziness maybe I'm edging towards
Batman there I want it to be the frisbee
going because I think that's the that's
the only rule but the only impressive
one you're going with frisbee yeah
you're going with noisy eater that over
with number two yeah okay mystery gas
please reveal who you are hi my name is
Justin and I in the noisy library
that's a welcome to virtually famous and
they keep flying all the way over from
Colorado so you probably are stone Lily
it's an honor to me um are you a
full-time drinker or is this just a
hobby yes I am a full-time prankster
I've been a goofball my whole life so
he's a goofball is it not always so sad
diagnosis he's a goof
now that you get recognized by people
does it make cranking harder yes um we
prank a lot at the universities around
us and so we go there all the time and
people come up to us like hey how about
your videos or even the people we prank
that I know who you are we you don't
just come up with the pranks you
starring them - right
Oh God like a writer-director let's have
a look at him in action
excuse me
Jax Brett no problem
you know some in your hair let me grab
that for you how did you do that
I didn't yeah just sitting on your head
right in there it's over the topic yeah
ladies and gentlemen please give a round
of applause for just in the library
anyways thanks for watching guys we hope
you liked it
we really want to be on more shows so so
if you guys have any hookups just like
Steven Spielberg or anybody like that
that wants the iris to be the guests on
the TV show little no yeah if the thumbs
up button if you would like to see us on
more TV shows maybe we will never know
but see you later bye
