good morning guys it's me me Brittany
are getting some frozen yogurt now we
just got done having lunch we don't have
to watch the dog anymore so we left the
lady's house this morning
and we're back at our house and then
we're going to be watching yeah we move
this Saturday so that'll be fun
yeah we're just getting a quick frozen
yogurt treat because we can wow this is
fun
yes I got very berry and peanut butter
and it is very good
would you get raspberry in New York you
you guys gotta check out this holy crap
this paint job on that boat though
that's a cup that is the paint job Wow
so me and Brittany just went dropped
some clothes off at Plato's Closet
because they pay you for clothes and
we're trying to get rid of clothes much
money did we get for five items
seventeen dollars and what fifty cents
yeah we can go buy some new clothes now
wait but we still have like a ton of
clothes that they didn't take so we'll
just have to give those away yeah but
yeah that's pretty cool I guess
well we just stopped off at the mall to
see if we can get anything with the 17
dollars we just made yeah clearance
some of the stuff maybe like five bucks
$19 $21 okay maybe not Hey ladies
got him guys I can't believe I just
found this non-gmo cotton
I love non-gmo clothes yeah so now we're
at Andrew's house I didn't really block
that much yesterday so that's what
you're dealing with right now but what
do we have here
mail time yeah where your blues clue
shirt yeah this is the new improved
Blue's Clues
yeah we got some lettuce yet two boxes
so let's get going you choose the first
letter mix it up ah this is the winner
to Justin or Andy hello my name is
Beckett it's a cool name dawg I love
your videos and their and they have
inspired me so whenever I'm at the store
I start yelling dad then a mom got super
pissed also at the store I get in
different aisles especially the ones
that my mom's in and I yell hi a and
knock over a bunch of products and fall
I blame it on the person next to me
saying dad what the crap that's pretty
funny pictured in my head yes oh I ain't
dad and uh what they crap they're also
another Hecate and I love your name so
thanks watching videos this is quite
thick paper here oh my goodness dear
Justin and I wanted to congratulate you
and your TV deal that would be so cool
having your own TV show and such I agree
hi it's me again I decided to write you
guys again she really likes our planned
accidents wants more of that and I was
thinking that maybe you could bring even
more laughs into your channel I guess we
could drop an idea we could try at least
try love Kaylie well thank you for the
ladder Kaylie please read and bid my
name is Ethan and I love your beds I
found you guys who Kevin thank you
Kevin everyday come back and watch all
your bids every day would watch all
anyway I will send you something he drew
something here what is that I he didn't
explain what it is but it could be a
doorway I think it's a trap there's
something in here hmm whoa is that the
Denver nougats is this it Leonard the
Denver Nuggets lanyard Wow a patch of
something okay patch Adams a sticker
d-day
I know maybe this will explain what all
these are what's up mother truckers I I
to live in the springs and it's so cool
to see our city in the vlogs and pranks
anyways keep up the great work and never
give up on your dreams your videos are
tight and you guys are super modest from
Dylan Van Horne 16 years old PS for a
WoW well thanks for the letter done
we'll check out your stuff this next
letter some and this one says ho a hydro
Sandra love your vids because it always
makes me smile and laugh and I'm sad PS
look back my name is Anne Oh
can you guys do the ALS ice bucket
challenge good did that yeah oh this is
- Britney Britney gets a One Direction
card what the heck
- Mary Mary gets in one direction car
what the heck where's our One Direction
cards and this is - Aaron - Aaron what
is it I'm not reading it well I guess
we'll save that for him thanks for the
letter and he has a title for this
document untitled the untitled letter hi
Jase dude you guys are so funny you make
me laugh when I'm sad I enjoy your
videos even thought I started watching
your videos three months ago and I love
both of your channels
I like the eating loud in the library my
family thought it was funny
and I like your vlogs they're cool don't
ever stop making them ever ever ever
read this on video to show how much we
love you guys but uh huh dad love Olivia
and destiny oh well there's no Olivia
destiny what is this you guys also
include it this to me Jace - dad you're
not my dad
boy hey mom Olivia well Olivia thank you
very much we will send you something
back business the ball Andy foundation
you didn't do what that I don't need for
paper you just write it right on the
bill will never forget what is for Wow
when somebody sees this they're gonna be
so confused from Bennet in my opinion
Jase 2 is the best YouTube channel on
YouTube well that is your opinion
I'm a big fan and I've watched every
single one your blogs and pranks my
favorite prank was the time you went
into the gym and did it look what I can
do prank when I have a bad day at school
watch your bids and when I feel all
better
thanks for being so awesome thanks
Bennet for water generous donation here
that was too kind huh
oh wow do you know another dollar man
I'm making Bank today
aha dear Justin Stewart what I love your
videos I am 10 years old you inspired me
to start my own YouTube channels can you
teach me how to be famous like you yes I
have always wanted to be famous like you
it's by the way my name is Ben spend the
dollar wisely he says I don't know if I
can give you advice on how to be famous
my only advice would be don't try and be
famous it just will come that's what
you're meant to do all right Andrew -
any good advice for Ben here nope you go
hahahaha
this is a very interesting letter why
dear Dustin Andrew or whoever else that
is in the room with you I love your
videos i watch i watched like all of
them you guys are so funny I love your
pranks then he has a vote and might add
my vote to the bald Andrew Kim committee
bold votes and there's about twenty four
and then not bald there's one then he
wrote all the names the people that did
bulb votes okay not bad vote not not
bald votes from cherry as well so
whoever voted twice here is a free
cheese steak at bald
Andrew Association well I'd only afford
one so share all right I've never had
that before I don't know what bald and E
Association is that a new restaurant
never tried before
but be the weirdest name for a
restaurant all the Andrew Association my
favorite through the Polynesian
Association he do love their
cheesesteaks
and I just realized whoever this was
they need to put their name on this like
from ill there's nothing on not even
return address it's a ultra mystery but
I know you've been to Boston once
because I'm Sherlock Holmes detective
now moving on to Becca geez the bigger
packages we have - this one looks like
it's from Olivia she put sorry for the
chewed up quarters on the box my puppy
treated oh hey Olivia
you don't care what did you move in here
no not your dog do this what is this
fruit by the foot yeah I like how you
taped up all the candy to the bottom
this is for me this is for you but it's
this I don't know just a packet of candy
bouncy ball Jase new studio the bouncy
ball Lola custom but she wrote on the
dollar - Wow bald Andy Andy go bald that
goes with her oh no my costume dollar
bills let's check this out this is a
nice letter here folks dear Justin
Andrew please read on vlog all right I'm
11 years old
you guys have inspired me to be wilder
in my life also the people who don't
laugh at your pranks have no laugh box I
have donated $1 to the bald Andy
foundation yes how did you come up with
late date it was just a random sound we
made I don't even know how it came about
anyways there's more to the letter
please keep leaving aah
Andrew please sign your picture but not
face Justin please sign your picture but
not over your face
we'll send it back Olivia thanks so much
for this letter the donation you're a
true fan and we're going to try these
snacks after we figure out what's in
this next package which handers going to
open right now
I'm good Abbi oh I'm excited are you
yeah am i excited I'm gonna I want to
know dude read the letter first okay oh
man - JC Studios from Nick or Nick he
spell his name differently whatever one
you want to spell his name King
he's been please read on camera I really
love your videos pranks I like cars I
even ate one but it was a chicken nugget
from Burger King hmm you guys makin so
much my stomach starts to rumble
PS what shampoos do you guys use haha I
don't know honestly deal shoes whatever
on sale yeah really yeah and then he
said I don't know what these are it says
cut out I don't know what they are the
new minions or something like pokeballs
we're so proud of you really he's proud
that is problem
oh yeah just replace it to you and would
is for a way I love beef jerky so this
is an excellent prize thank you for the
letter Nick Olivia sent us stickers to
which I put them arm but we I thought it
was a temporary tattoo so Andrews over
here trying to put it on his arm plank
with water and everything working and
then we figured out was a sticker so the
epic fail
I've been trying this beef jerky it
tastes like beef jerky yeah yeah woah
yeah ah now you get to try the combo
look like an angel with all the light
shining on you I'm a beef jerky angel
there's a good high heat but look I
literally haven't had one of these since
like middle school no joke yeah
seriously
these were the thing back in middle
school I remember like mom putting this
in the lunchbox was like the best day
ever
hi is this Ethan yeah hey it's Justin
and Andrew oh yeah bro we just got
opened your letter and wanted to give
you a call thank you
do you want to hear me burp or no so he
the Ethan the guy we just called has a
channel and you wanted to check it out
he made a rap video or a rap song for us
so it's a year cheers mama thank you hey
Jess you a name guys to the best out
there on YouTube but you're skilled um
Leo - you might be you might have a
bunch of kills but that was pure look
black oxide - I go go so that's just a
quick preview for you guys yeah bad
thanks for making that before me on the
vlog guys um since I wasn't able to be a
part of the challenge this week I
thought I'd try what they got so I'm
gonna take the last row the spiciest row
spiciest row and make one big spoonful
who said big I this comment the
challenge maybe laugh cuz I cut around
all the spots that we were just pouring
all the sauce and the spoons
this guy's like I didn't see you guys
portney of the sauce and the spoon so
this is probably a fake video what it
really is it's real that's the bathroom
I would even question that I don't know
he's just desperate to see boring scenes
of pouring it into spoons alright this
is gonna be good and bottoms up
oh let's give it a second because I can
definitely feel it man you had to do
this whole box yeah that's why it was
terrible Oh oh man
mixing em isn't fun I may need
assistance where you have there's
nothing you have to suffer no like again
yeah what's the next challenge maybe
well I mentioned popcorn because we got
a lot of different popcorn flavors hence
they won't like destroy the inured x'
did it get a lot of likes I haven't
checked but keep giving the video like
so we can do another challenge yeah this
was I don't know why I just did this it
really hurts
you missed out so I get this for you
guys though make sure to give it a
thumbs up give this video a thumbs up
and leave comments for no reason I just
want to say nothing is worse than that
mustard gas Jones oh yeah correct behind
them all right well this is the end
nation watching today's video we'll see
you guys next though he's getting some
water he really wants to burn up I'm not
human
you
