hey guys welcome back to a more JC stew
well as you can see I'm not Justin or
doing the challenge today with the
real-life parent sites and boy oh boy do
we have a cool surprise for you guys
mahjong gasp well today we're doing the
ACE kickin challenge this is the book of
pleasure and pain wall I'll see that
coming sauces udaya twelve different
sauces oh oh and not only do we have
sauces we do have some a scheme jelly
beans oh my gosh what we're going to do
is we're going to sample each one of
these sauces and in between each sauce
we're going to have a jelly bean so
since we've got a lot of sauces let's
get started we're going to start at the
bottom work our way up let me know here
oh wow this first flavor is the ACE
kickin bacon hot sauce this is the
easiest of all the flavors inside so
bottoms up
she kind of spicy oh that's the lowest
oh oh no you taste any bacon no I joined
it all lanes this is in the candy
category oh no that was pretty spicy for
the lowest already got my blood going
wow there have a bean clover these are
hot made with habanero peppers I don't
think we said that med apparently it
tastes pretty good
honestly yeah and bring it this one is
the chili lime sauce okay well mom's up
now it's pretty good
it was definitely not as hot as the
bacon yeah they fooled us with that
next toss we have the sriracha Sri Racha
slew Raja get gotcha Windows is already
ready
whoa
oh nothing nasty well yeah this is beep
teaspoon Oh beans huh kind of terrible
yeah this is the Cajun Oh what okay
verbs like Bernie Wow next up we have
the original whatever that means
not too bad really
right look for the fire stop
licking your lips saying it's wasabi
haha okay well you miss sweet at first
but now it's kind of burning so here's a
beat we got to be taking boots all right
next up we have the roasted garlic it
sounds pretty good
you owe a big help
yeah after this one we're done bro
200-foot says sauce from AG double
hockey sticks also from hell my face Wow
huh
go oh why why beans oh my goodness oh
that's what everywhere there were one
until this roads gonna stop none of
those tasted like sweet there were all
the succeeds by how this is supposed to
be the book of pleasure and pain all
we've had is pain raw this neck sauce is
the hot sauce from Hell version to
Devil's revenge Oh
well write a milkman so my spoon is so
full one two three
lot of the hot sauces taste good it's
like ooh oh oh my gosh oh my face is
completely numb
next is the ghost pepper sauce get over
here oh oh and somebody get me something
to drink
oh it tastes so bad no terrible erin has
surrendered go away guys I've got you
covered
this is the the ace blaster
ah hell oh how bad is his class sir oh
man
maybe that glove every bad don't do that
one yeah this one comes in a black
bottle which means suicide last sauce
the spontaneous combustion my whole body
is basically numb oh so bad nope we're
gonna need to call the fire department
after this one I think my body I'll get
it okay booth I would just say that I
want something a lot but they have it in
my throat I got oh my gosh no that was
the hot sauce challenge oh my god
the book of pleasure and pain which
included 0% pleasure and 100% pain I
thought I'm gonna puke after this just
do it over there thanks for watching
guys hope you enjoyed I hope you enjoyed
it we have other challenge ideas for you
guys we have a popcorn challenge we want
to do so get this video it's a 2,000
likes and we'll do the popcorn challenge
there's a lot of different popcorns out
there we want to try can't paint
straight so we'll see you guys next time
bye-bye
