good morning folks don't know what's
going on here she have a frog in her
throat what good eighty all what are we
doing right now
warming up the grill what's for lunch
today we're having grill chicken and
spaghetti squash with all I've never had
spaghetti squash actually hilly yeah the
ladies are inside right now
good lord it sounds like spear just ran
a marathon that is just so so yes when
she gets excited what is happening over
here
what is that cold this pick any squash
Oh have you had that before
mm-hmm I have it
maybe do it to the chicken it's gonna be
great I thought yeah that's a good
seasoning by the way I love it
famous Dave steak burger seasoning with
a Pepin's huh
you're done with your marathon yet
spirit this is the best a box of bass so
looks like it's almost done we get a
squash rape avocado walk yep Mary the
chef guess where we're at now folks oh
yeah plummets although the weather is
getting cloudy it's quite frightening
it's still a little sunny and I mean
it's not too cold the winds not cold but
we're here at the lifetime cool I'm
going to go to the jacooz no since it is
a little chilly with the lettuce and
repair going down the waterslide now
here they come
let's see you finish first
ha
ah is it cold in there feels cool
guys it's bunny for heaven he knows it
the camera he wants to say hi to vlog ok
Tamara and I are in the kitchen again
we're playing their game
oh okay now it's my turn to come back
inside Mary and I are going to play
spike ball we are what I know eventually
if the boys ever share by just a few lap
myrrh is making another concoction like
a chai concoction oh um is that the
right word my concoction I guess no it's
not a burden I said it but sounds so
good I love try stuff and voila there it
is haha oh yeah
after playing if you get into spike
bolts time to chillax and play five
player settlers of catan this is going
to be interesting
are you ready are ya yeah not season to
get it marry one Settlers of Catan the
game it's okay it was fun though whether
we win or lose playing board games it's
awesome but right now we're heading back
over we just went to our house to grab
our gym stuff but we're going back over
to try and play some basketball at the
gym and have a movie night so this is
going to be fun and we made it to the
gym guys you ready to play basketball
who's Jason oh yeah I don't know him
haha
shoot
Oh
you're coming to watch a movie get that
camera out of my face sweetheart back
home from the gym time to watch some
movies yeah so the ideal vision so Jim
okay
just before we end the vlog we have some
helium in the drive-thru extras for you
guys about two minutes of extra footage
we even had the girls try helium out so
enjoy all right order when you're ready
yes oh man the family just got done with
church and we're looking to get a good
meal but myself okay ah yes so my son is
100% blind he can't read the menu so I
was wondering if you could possibly read
him the menu in cursive I'm sorry I
can't really understand you just before
I come out take your order I'm sorry I
can hardly understand you guys
oh that would be why yeah favor just
color order or not be ready
oh hi my name is Mary what's your name
Vegas that's my better weapon a knife
for today hey girl uh I'm hold on now
he's very high out here Kay piece kit
supplied and I can now just water the
Goodman it's really high out here dude
I'm so sorry I'm having a hard time
understanding you hi hi sorry honey
you're fine okay welcome your fear of
the water
oh yeah it's just the water just a lot
of this yeah a lot of it a lot of water
got it
some of these we're going to get for you
I guess hold on one second when des I
said six figures not five
all right yes I'll talk to you in one
minute all that yeah could I just get a
water I'm about to fire my associate so
I just need to get get to the office
quick get back to the office
very quick
all right we'll have a free Lord oh
thank you very much
I mean you you would understand about
associates messing up so that's that's
what I'm dealing with right now trying
to close I'll have one okay okay me my
thought has the diabeties you guys got
any items that would fit his needs
um probably not
thank you visionaries in order annuity
y'all just got doing with them I never
mind
hey all right bye what do you recommend
for a pregnant wife she's been craving
everything on God's green earth Becca
for individual pay so I have no idea
oh well looks like all she's craving
right now is a water okay
is that gonna work anything you want but
yeah just want to say thank you for all
the support on our new helium like the
prank that we uploaded on j stu studios
we've been getting so many good comments
and likes it's just it makes us so happy
I'll show you guys I didn't look at this
guy's
eight thousand likes in one day that's
insane we have that many likes on our
last print which we uploaded over a week
ago so thank you to everybody who
clicked the like button on this but
anyways tomorrow's vlog will be pretty
cool cuz me and Brittany have to go
watch her friends dog and her house so
we're staying at their house they got a
pretty nice house so give you a tour and
everything but stay tuned let's catch
you guys tomorrow see you later
