well good morning lemme ohms it's 80
degrees here in Colorado what do you
know it is supposed to rain later but as
of now it's very good but Andrew why
don't you explain where about to do all
right this is called spike ball this is
the spike ball these guys were on shark
tank but we didn't really know about
that until after we bought it but anyway
it's a fun game to play with your
friends and we're gonna teach you guys
how to play I'm gonna play the Andrew
heard about I never heard about but we
went to Dick's the other day and just
bought it and it's been a really fun
game we'd clean in a lot it's basically
like volleyball without like hitting it
over a net you have to hit the ball in
here so there's room playing teams of
two and the other team has to either hit
it up or hit it back so let's play
what you will do it within us
although that's that epic game of
spikeball and now we're playing this I
never played this before what is it it's
really Jane Fonda the settlers of catan
Wow I was like a combo of Monopoly and
risk so I'll see how this goes folks
eleven and Ramon yeah an hour out the
dollar tree can you guess why it's time
to shoot another prank what are we gonna
get we got last time if you remember
Lewis we're doing healing the driver bro
nope all these balloons are a dollar yes
which one do you want you get how do
they have Cookie Monster Cookie Monster
just get a hold of the whole array of
Sesame Street's Big Bird
get in the car
yeah I like those I got the Smiley's all
right let's go she could be late for
lunch oh yes hyoeun here we go
chick-fil-a yes then what hmm
with the side of pickles extra nice I
like those
no sunscreen nuts I got burnt yesterday
at any me well I guess it's time to
prank now come with lunch it
goodbye so we're in the car setting up I
just got a few clips whoops and here's
what we do we try and get the strong in
the helium this one I say be careful
whenever you use helium take breaks
don't just like if you are going to you
take breaks that's what we do Justin
will get one or two books or whatever
and then he'll take a break brain goes
back because I tell them what helium
does well helium is replacing the oxygen
in your body and your body needs oxygen
so you gotta take breaks yeah if you're
constantly inhaling helium I mean you've
got no oxygen it's just how you gonna
live so just don't know for you guys out
there safety first I'm filming now
here's the way we got it got the camera
right here and strong yeah it's getting
stuck it won't let go in the helium area
and I just blues from the dogs from keep
going
I know
hi um I see you guys have a kids meal
but I was wondering if you have the team
meal my son Jeremy is 15 and doesn't
want a kids meal
goodbye Andrews house goodbye have a
good time yes sorry for the shorter vlog
today guys sometimes it just happens but
I got burned today as you can see
ouch me and bread are just getting
prepared for moving how long how many
days till we move yeah that's very soon
Mary can't wait to get to the new place
let's go so awesome like can't wait to
give you guys the tour and it's just
we're just mainly excited kisses
something new for us but anyways thanks
for watching as always have a good day
and we'll see you next time goodbye
