hey guys welcome back to more J's do we
have a different video for you today
wanna know why
it's not a challenge but it's gonna be
really fun oh here this it involves this
we found this actually at this candy
store those at board games a bunch of
weird games and what they help about it
okay
the this is titled 20 things that are
fun to do at a sleepover party oh and
it's for girls this is the girls edition
because I had other editions but we
thought be funny to get the girls one
warning this box is intended for girls I
can stay wide awake but you open it up
and there's just cars and tell you what
to do twenty fun things to do at a
sleepover party
girls will do is take this to their
sleepover open it and mix up the cards
and draw it one and then do what the
card says exactly we're going to do this
like in skit form for you guys
we're gonna pick our favorite ones and
act them out to show you what really how
fun this is
let's go alright ladies for this game
this is called sit lie down now
everybody grab your mattress or pillow
or sleeping bag whatever you guys got
here's how the game works I'm going to
call stand sit or lie down and whoever
gets mixed up is out of the game it'll
be interesting to see who world main
last okay now let's begin Stan
sit lie down Oh Cynthia I said lie down
I got a few you're out haha you wins hey
man have fun guys that was IO much fun
what's the next game we're playing oh
this game is really fun it's called
tower of pillows you guys want know how
to play yeah okay place pillows on top
of one another each girl in turn places
a pillow on the previous one without
causing the tower to topple and without
affecting the towers balance this sounds
epic
Cynthia your first Oh
all right Cynthia you go next there fall
easy Wow if you make it fall it'll be
hilarious
please yes Oh easy
no we wanted before
Oh No Oh Cynthia ah you love art again
that was so fun ah yeah I literally do
not know how the sleepover could get any
better please Cynthia what is the next
game well I'm so glad you asked Cynthia
each girl shares with her friends which
activities she loves to do in the dark
warning this task is is intended for
night owls
oh that's oscillating yes I love rolling
around in my sheets in the dark so you
guys I love clipping my toenails okay
interesting
I love chopping vegetables in the dark
is it my also like trying to read in the
dark that's pretty fancy oh it's hard
you know sometimes I like just getting
up and doing my mascara in the pitch
dark why it's my favorite thing to do Oh
Cynthia yourself sometimes I just like
the giggle in the dark what that's
that's funny good ideas sometimes yeah
yeah man we're having fun so this next
game is called collective teeth brushing
everyone we have to prepare your
toothbrush okay
and we have to brush according to the
background music according to the B so
right left up and down ready yes I'm so
ready I got a great song picked out
ready
sorry lady just keep going we're
cleaning and having fun yeah are you
guys ready for the next game yeah take a
pillow and stand in a circle to begin
the talks whoever does not catch it the
first time has to stand on one leg got
it the second time she sits down in the
third time you lie down in here out of
the game this is going to be evil and so
last girl who tosses without dropping
the pillow whyn't you don't belong oh oh
I just ate on a lake now drop down
Cynthia and stand on the way oh sorry
Cynthia gross you out
lay down sit down low in the evening you
have to lay down if you can't catch it
while sitting down you're out oh you Oh
fine looks like I'm the last lady
standing mmm Wow all right I just have
to say this has been the best sleepover
I have ever been to same here I haven't
even texted my mom back yet I should
probably do that know what don't why
because we're having fun oh right and I
have another game Cynthia start walking
around in a completely dark room
anyone who bumps into an object or
another girl is out who will win I'll
hit the Lights
okay go all right when wait when do we
start no I think a go bump it myself
yeah I Tunes out Cynthia yeah
I who wins I'm and this is someone I ran
into Cynthia if maybe we're all out
we're still round to go go
I can't see Wow what did I run into wow
man this is fun - the lights back on oh
whoa whose idea was that
Oh Munoz was the best game ever no no
let's go play a different game
yeah now what is this Cynthia just wait
and see
okay this next game is out of the
ordinary
it's called picnic in pyjamas oh boy
you know it is no they should spread out
the blanket like I did in the middle of
the room in the center arrange a loaf of
bread various tasty spreads fruits
vegetables drinks in the jerk in the
dirt deserts the picnic begins Bon
Appetit so we're having a picnic inside
this is crazy I've never thought I'd
have this much fun I know either there's
usually a picnic outside Wow you're
thinking outside the box idea it wasn't
me it's the card all you start cooking
Cynthia's it was incredible having you
guys out here for the sleepover thanks
for inviting us Cynthia Cynthia this was
the best you're welcome and whatever
idea it was goodbye those cards I love
it must been Cynthia I think it was
Cynthia's idea but anyway you guys are
my BFF style yeah there will be so many
more memories we should have more
sleepovers bye guys bye Cynthia bye
Cynthia - Thea bye Cynthia bye bye
Cynthia I think my mom's here and I wish
this night would never end
