hey guys it's a new day here more j-su
and it's about that time again for fan
mail we got all too many letters like
this is insane
okay and we got these packages too we
just decided to read them today so let's
get it started whoa what dear Justin
Andrew I am 12 and my brother told me
about you all and I watch you all's
videos from time to time I asked my
parents if I could do it to all that
paper for and they said no oh I'm sorry
man thanks from David here's the bald
Andy foundation there's 15 there's 19
cents from David to the ball and Andy
foundation yes a drawing videos Wow what
Oh something the Bronco is like stop
please oh it's dry oh but thanks thanks
for the letter David you did get it this
letters from Amy
we haven't even read it yet no I just
fell out she has a letter for Brittany
maybe an adjustment and Andrew so he
won't be there letters yeah these are
for the ladies we promise we don't eat
them this is for us she wrote hi Justin
angel it's Amy one of your biggest fans
it made me happy when I heard my letter
being read in the vlog so I wanted to
write again thank you for both
everything you've done for all the two
FS continue to do so she wrote like a
little poem at the bottom of this I read
this
you both are sweet like honey and so is
Starbucks coffee so here is the gift
card you should definitely taught me so
I can get this more scrappy whatever I'm
sorry about that well thank you so much
for being a big fan and we will film us
all going to Starbucks and using that
gift card for you Amy you have a little
mini-me package here
from I don't know let's find out what's
in here
the money bag
we can what is this all right there's a
gift message this is from Kieran
dear bald Andy foundation it has come to
my attention that the foundation is
having issues in containing the currency
donated to session please find and
closed my gift to the cause with love
doctor professor officer hi a yes that's
a heaven if you're just talking about
that look we don't have a bag for the
money Andy Paul Andy coming so this is
the first oh wow
of donations going into the ball Andy
foundation genius who yes curing you are
genius next letters from Caleb says when
my parents got a divorce
I searched funny videos and found
Kevin's hilarious song and from him I
found you guys and you made me happy
what is the bald andy foundation well
it's a fun foundation to go bald but I
feel like we're gonna use like the money
we get from the bald foundation for good
no there's there's more to it than that
oh but we'll explain some other day yeah
- what is 1+1 don't know how three how
are you so funny
also he has 40 cents for the bald nd
foundation yes
oh we will be putting that in the bag
Thank You Caleb hey Justin Stuart my
name is Stacey hopper and you are so
funny can you say my name Stacey she
enjoys our squeaky shoes video she's 25
and she doesn't like some videos you're
the best she has some artwork here
Justin Stuart and Andy awesome well
thank you so much Stacey for writing us
a letter X letters from Aiden and it
says your job as youtubers impacts my
daily life first you guys help me when
I'm have
bad day also you guys are my favorite
youtubers i watch you guys 5 times each
day
ok I also under 12 here burner four
videos because they make me laugh super
hard in conclusion thank you for
everything you've helped me with by
Aiden and $7 in the bald Andy foundation
and this paper is really cool it looks
like a picture like there a blankie
that's awesome five times five times a
day
Thank You Aidan I've been watching your
videos for a year I am nine years old in
my favorite videos when you guys built a
toilet paper before and keep up the work
good work boy boy boy jeez hey oh it
doesn't have a name know what I don't
know who wrote this it's I don't know
whoever wrote this letter thank you dear
Andy and Justin of jcu studios I'd like
to propose that you gentlemen come to
Boulder Colorado to prank I have
compiled a list as to why you guys
should come to Boulder it is as follows
there's a big list here holy cripes I
know that Justin Britney love the
outdoors and hiking well there's a great
place really true Boulder is only about
90 minutes from Cloud Springs making a
great place to come true I hope you take
this into consideration and hope to see
you guys up in Boulder if not no prank
at least in a vlog Lainey this is Jack
he's 18 lives in Boulder his entire life
well thanks jack he also included this
as quarters firm balm dandy foundation
not bald
Andy foundation bald Andy OH
the bald Andy Warhol Dean let's just put
it in the bald
Andy foundation just for just remember
these three quarters aren't for that oh
okay
you made this it's a glitch art is there
from a photo right now from your
Instagram hope you like it thanks a
letter Jack boom a dollar we gotta
figure out why there's a dollar here I
mean come on
please read on camera my name is Thomas
and I'm 13 years old
I live in California and I go to a
French American school where all my
classes are taught in French mmm what
I've never even heard of that Bonjour
Jim Appel Thomas it is a habitat in
California his name is Jean and he lives
in California I know French too
I'm very good at reading French as well
that helped
which means hi my name is Thomas and I
live in California you guys are the most
positive and goosey goofiest youtubers
out there and you guys are a part of my
daily routine I love hearing that Thomas
every day he comes home from school and
looks if we have uploaded the birthday
was three days ago so happy birthday
here's one dollar for the shaved
Beauford foundation Oh Buford is not
gonna be happy about this
thank you so much Thomas for the letter
thank you this letter I am Jessica yes
yes please read on camera fine hey Anna
just enough I'm Jessica I have four
seven Tina from California I've been
watching your channel for about two
months but in the last two months you
guys have helped me define myself that
it's okay to be different from others
you got that right also you guys inspire
me to be more open about my hobbies and
her passions short filmmaking in
photography wow that's great news PS hi
a from yes ikemen hey guys my name is
Amos and I'm 14 years old I love your
videos you guys make me laugh every day
and thanks for being there when I'm sad
angry or just want to laugh you know
you're welcome thanks for watching I
want to ask a few question are you guys
Christians and believe that there is a
creator god yes yes and what is your
favorite food and/or color my favorite
food I really like Mexican food be
specific no I really like you doba I
also like chick-fil-a as well barbecue
ribs I don't know there's a lot of food
I like it's hard my favorite color is
probably like royal blue there's a
drawing I drew for you please hang it on
your fridge I know it's already looking
cool haha
thank you a most from the letter a
drawing whoa what the it's one dollar
and one cent you got to be kidding me
now why is this in here hey guys my name
is Savannah I'm 14 I live in North
Carolina this is a very long letter so I
probably won't read all of it but lastly
here is one dollar in one penny for the
bald Andy foundation thank you so much
for the letter and watching her videos
really appreciate it we have two letters
one says Brittany on it one says Justin
Andrew with really swirly writing what a
1 million dollar bill oh my goodness yes
this is toning the whole body any
foundation immediately don't don't lose
that it's important
my name is Audra and I'm 12 years old
I've been watching videos for a year and
she goes back to her channel every day
to watch the latest videos yes she's
happy she discovered our videos I
haven't closed 1 million dollars for the
bald Andy foundation speaking of Andy
congratulations on your engagement
my birthday's coming up so please and
your honor ups please keep making videos
and can't wait to see what the future
holds for you guys thank you Andreea
hope I'm saying your name right but you
also made two really cool postcards oh
no cards I like him a lot oh yay oh yay
that's cool in our name so yes hey guys
I have been watching you on YouTube for
over a year and you guys are the best
Dalton thanks Dalton and he wants us to
sign this and send it back you got a bud
what is that it sell our logo okay
hey just major my name is Anthony I love
your awesome videos please make sure
this mail is on YouTube oh I'm making
sure of it
you guys should do the warhead challenge
please send harder graft back and he
included six cents for the ball Danny
foundation boy hey that's nice good we
have a job
to studios beautiful sir what what is
this I don't know but there's only so
many things that make this sound when
you shake look boy I really like your
videos because they make me laugh and
have been happy happy
yes I'm 8 years old and watch your
videos every day PS my birthday is
coming soon and May 14th happy birthday
so he also drew Hawaii on the back this
is for hanging up a wall not sending
back Jacob and baby since yep Thank You
Jacob for the letter and watching our
videos in the Paul and Andy foundation
donation from a bro to justin Andrew
please read on camera
hey bro skis thought I would send you
Bros a letter since you guys deserve it
what's up I just think you guys in
videos are just the swag Jaz wig Wagga D
big slap in the face baller boss
slam-dunk Wow oh and ask a few questions
what are few of your favorite favorite
bands Chuck no captain chunk for the win
I like pop punk easy core stuff Andrew I
like classic rock stuff so anything
there you got it I'll select EDM what
are your uh your guys favorite
restaurant fast-food Andrew uh uh my
restaurant Red Lobster and Panda for
fast food I like California Pizza
Kitchen and probably McDonald's know
what our favorite candies if I had to
choose maybe sour patch or sour punch
straws probably airheads
if you guys if you tell me your favorite
candy I might just send you guys some oh
no no more actually let me change my
answer I really like coconut chips I
like anything that says non-gmo I like
dried fruit
if it says non-gmo in the bag or organic
Fi yes love that you guys are applying
like and favorite thing on Twitter and
Instagram
we sure do that Herpa dirt sincerely a
brewski will do it thanks bro
dear Justin and/or Andy my name is
Brendan I currently have 16 years of age
in my body
I love watching your videos they make me
smile whenever I'm feeling sad awesome
way here's 50 cents
buy some gumballs you lowlife bozo
headed cauliflower to ear handstand
walking marigolds or use it for the ball
name you foundation love your number one
fan and he has these pictures he wants
us to sign and sent back so you got it
boss
hi this one is on the right open it ten
cents for Andrew not going bald I know
wow it says dad show this on a video
okay
hot hi my name is angel plie go you guys
should do a toilet paper fort with DJ
also sure you guys should go to car it
wins it's a roller coaster place in
North Carolina I'm going there on a
school field trip on may 22nd I hope to
see you guys there where have you missed
it
who just happen to be there on May 22nd
hey guys also I'm 11 years old I'm in
fifth grade and I'm going to middle
school next year dude awesome I'm
thinking of being an author I wrote five
books already what the names are hail
City one two three four five so it's a
series okay I guess it's the series and
have you been to Monster Jam these are
all the monster trucks this is his
favorite one which one this one actually
never been to a monster truck jam before
that would be fun to go to though they
seemed he drew this block there's
nothing inside is just written on the
envelope itself right there's nothing
inside is just written on the envelope
itself but I never seen that before
I guess I didn't have an extra paper
yeah I guess not hey you guys my name is
Anthony I am 11 I live in Napa Valley
California I love your vids every time I
watch one even the eggs in my fridge
crack up whoa you jokes tape you guys
never get over other videos thanks man
Oh a best youtubers ever in the history
of YouTube I'm your biggest fan I've
been watching JC series for about five
years
Wow
funny thing is we haven't even been on
this YouTube for five years you watched
our videos every day I wish I can
subscribe to your channel but I'm not
allowed to get YouTube but I like your
pranking vids the most you put this here
for us from number one fan
Giovanni Thank You Giovanni for the nice
letter hello Justin angel my name is
Lucas chainsaw huggers old like watching
in vlogs and pranks and make me laugh
and smile
no prank you can do the prank is Justin
or Andrew can drive a kid to school but
in a funny way where the kid gets out of
the trunk of the car and then goes into
school like nothing happened that is the
prank idea that I'm hoping that you can
do thanks the letter Lucas dear Justin
and Andrew my name is Ryan I love your
videos whenever I'm sad i grab my ipad
and watch your vids
they really make dub really make me
smile and laughed and always get me
excited hey guys thank you so much that
I couldn't be smile every day keep up
the good vids PS I am nine and a half
uh-huh and here's a picture of Andrew Oh
spot on yeah
it's Godzilla look at that you did gods
don't look good that's really cool
toward all those the letters finally now
moving on dude that packages
it's a gourmet pecan roll what whoa
that's I've never had a gourmet pecan
roll oh yes
there's a letter and another picture wow
that's cool Wow yeah that is awesome
my name is Victoria I'm 12 I just
started to watch your videos every time
I watch it bu that's always making me
laugh no matter what I always say hi in
school and everyone just stares at me I
really don't care because I love saying
that yes the only person that you are
destined to become is the person you
decide to be Ralph Waldo Emerson
that's a cool quote I like it thank you
for the package and we will be having to
try this this is the open the packages
Oh got this package here looks like it's
from Andrew from California yes it's
orange okay Oh Jase do studios
wait whoa don't worry hey my name is
Andrew same with Andrew oh shaving I'm
24 years old I was skating and got a
tramatic I was skating and got a
traumatic brain injury not good I don't
know anything all blink no helmets man
ray-ray can't talk right hand and right
leg didn't work five years ago
luckily I'm doing better get a helmet
anyways
t-shirt do you like it that's crazy so
here look there's a picture of him looks
like he actually got uh because of
skating he got a really bad brain injury
and that's a picture of him in ouch he
made all these shirts for us which is so
cool well I'm glad you're doing a lot
better man and I'm sorry that that had
to happen to you but we really
appreciate you writing a letter to us
and getting us these shirts we'll try
them on for you right now okay
all right we just tried on the t-shirts
I'm running the red one I got the green
little on it
it's pretty well actually mine does not
you can't wait to see this it's really
like a belly shirt so I know this is a
normal shirt and this one so that's
about here I know you like belly shirts
yes hey JC Studios sorry about the rib
it's okay and still looks sick I'm
Mattia I hope I say that right
I'm thirteen I live in monument Colorado
I've been watching every just for one
year now and you guys just cheer me up
and your pranks are so hysterical and I
love you guys vlogs sometimes when I
know them all I hope to see you guys
maybe someday you will since you live in
Colorado it says way thanks there's more
quarters here there's an entire dollar
of quarters here but yeah thank you for
sending the letter this is from Sweden
from at the top I see stacks fine hey
guys wow hello everybody else - thank
you guys I send some weird Swedish candy
I did this before if you will remember
mmm you can eat it right now so let's
see what can you got oh we have did
shunkan jungle girl
it's monkeys it's monkey group caramel
spicy lemon what of spice lemon pop
rocks on the banana skids banana and
toffee flavor achoo bar hockey Pulver
super salt
what sewer patch Roma I try the de Chun
for old magician girl
I'm not acidic and apparently as a salt
so maybe I should try to chew it once
probably a whole handful let's try to
okay oh what oh my god okay
why who would buy this are you kidding
me
Oh what's happening really going hey I
dare you to try four of these four hello
you're turning into a rabid beast oh do
you know who would buy this as like a
snack you know the original I use his
curbing Sweden why like we're going to
the movies want some jungle what's the
point of this so much I can't even
explain this
it tastes like caramel salt really see
this tastes like that season salt you
put in ramen uh get this out of here
okay making all these snacks this can't
be that bad
pop rocks by someone okay it's actually
better than the other two things are dry
Oh
sewer patron huh what kind of dance like
that a fruity cleaning product not bad
we got banana skins just kind of your
basic banana chewy snack if you have
braces just for kill you okay no thanks
for sending the Sweden
Sweden Swedish candy even if it's gross
I thought it was awesome but if you know
of any like goofy candy or goofy gross
or weird candy you want to see us try
from your country or a different country
feel free to send it to us a little
truck but let's try this pecan what is
this not bad but I honestly don't like
it as much I just got home and a few of
you wrote letter specifically to
Brittany so she is going to be reading
them now okay so this is from Thomas and
he's 14 years old and even though I am a
boy he says I think I still think that
what you do is so inspirational you make
my day when I watch your videos and I
think you are so cool I'm so happy for
you about your lasik surgery it was very
a very brief message but keep up the
good work
Thomas things Thomas dear Brittany my
name is Amy and I just went you write
you this letter by the way Amy you have
really nice handwriting way better than
I would do um I wanted to write this
letter to you so you know how
appreciated you are from one of your
fans I wanted I want you to know how
beautiful amazing brave bright strong
helpful loved admirable funny nice smart
wonderful and enjoy you are whoa um you
give my life so many smiles and so much
encouragement I want you to appreciate
your uniqueness God gave you so many
talents and abilities you have such a
beautiful soul it takes a crap am i
crying Amy it takes someone who has a
big heart and caring soul to do what you
do but huff I can read the rest ah you
inspire me Amy I'm just gonna cut it
short
qe me I needed that dear Brittany I
absolutely love all of your blogs
Instagram posts and your blog I go back
to your YouTube channel every day to
catch up on your latest videos and I'm
sorry that I haven't uploaded I need to
be better oh man you have helped me
boost my confidence and helped me to
realize and help me to realize that my
beauty comes from within that is correct
thanks for everything love Andrea but
thank you for writing me and I
appreciate it so much
okay well thanks for everybody who sent
us stuff this time
makes us real happy and we hopefully we
keep you entertained so if you guys any
of you want to still send us like
anything literally that there's
something you want us to try something
you think will be funny something random
go ahead
the address is in the description below
so anything else you want to say okay
good bye
