are you ready for the big announcement
we've been telling you guys we have a
big announcement to make
I don't know a week plus two weeks yeah
we good
go ahead go ahead okay huh hello we've
been working on this big announcement
for a very long time though and it's
finally happening
why don't you just hold this up for a
second all right
you want to know what this is these are
our signatures here it's a it's a
contract you might be asking what's this
contract for are you ready so the big
news is we signed a tv-show development
deal with Warner Brothers Warner
Brothers plus Jason Goldberg now if you
don't know who Jason Goldberg is he is a
very talented man have you heard of the
show pumped yes have you heard of Ashton
Kutcher yes have you heard of repeat
after me yes those are all TV shows he
has produced and many more that's just
so just the smallest list but he's
produced so many films and we're working
really closely with him and Warner
Brothers to produce our own TV show for
you guys are you guys are you excited or
what I am yes it's been my dream to
always you know have her own TV show
being movies yeah so you've been really
working on like a TV show for a year and
a half now yeah it was just been going
differently yes and now it's yes yeah he
hit us up and was like hey I really like
what you guys do and we basically went
out to LA and had a meeting with him and
this is what's happening because of you
guys supporting us correctamundo
I want to thank you guys we thank God
for his amazingness absolutely God first
always time for some frequently asked
questions before they're asked first
question does this mean you guys are
gonna quit YouTube no we would never
quit YouTube we want to use YouTube all
like forever honestly yeah plus we can
use this channel has behind the scenes
so whenever we're like going out to
California to do to work on the show or
whatever we've ever it is who knows of
us even gonna be in California we will
bring vlogs along so you guys can see
what's happening before show yeah so
that's why you should be happy you're
subscribed to this channel guys will we
be moving because of this opportunity
the question is the answer is honestly
unknown but we plan on not it seems like
it's gonna probably be not moving
because wherever the shows gonna be film
if it's California or under the ocean I
don't know wherever it is I'll probably
go there film the show and then we'll
come back to Colorado yeah so we prefer
to honestly live here but you know we
never know what's in store whatever God
has in store for us we're here for the
right that's probably what's gonna
happen when is this taking place I don't
know it's it's in development which
means they're working on writing out the
show getting the show all the details
and all that stuff and then the next
step is they have to pitch it to TV
networks and once that happens then we
get the show so we don't even know what
network it's gonna be on it could be on
MTV and can be on - today it could be a
I don't have an MSc but all we know is
Warner Brothers and Jason Goldberg are
the ones doing it so we feel like we're
in good hands with those guys very good
we hope you're as excited as we are you
want to announce it first on this
channel for you guys because of the
amazing support and I don't really know
what else to say but there's awesome
things coming in the future so please
stay tuned thank you for always coming
back and watching our daily vlogs it
means a lot
to us and what you guys know if any like
updates whenever we find out stuff we'll
let you guys know stuff sound good sound
good will you go about your day and see
you tomorrow I guess yep new vlog
tomorrow peace
