good morning roast beefs welcome back to
another vlog today's vlog is gonna be a
little bit different than what you're
used to
why is that I've had this idea for a
vlog for a little while and I basically
got the idea because I've seen comments
here and there spread out through our
vlogs and they really make me laugh it's
so funny like they're just saying all
you guys ever do is go out to eat all
you guys ever do is go to trampoline
world all you guys ever do is go to the
mall and go shopping well I mean I guess
that's true to you guys cuz that's what
we show you guys the vlogs but it's not
necessarily true for our lives in
general so today's vlog it's gonna be
just a normal day nothing exciting
nothing added no paprika on top huh so
prepare to be bored out of your minds
now here's Aaron's normal routine here
we have some coffee and some clash of
clans but Aaron's do something that's
not usual today so we can't vlog it yeah
it has a job interview a lifetime yeah
yeah so that's exciting everybody wish
Aaron a good job on this job interview
thank you guys yeah but we can't vlog it
because that's not usual Aaron doesn't
usually have job interviews every day so
I'm sorry Aaron we can't vlog that today
alright are you gonna be okay
today is Saturday and on a typical
Saturday Mary usually works all day so
you probably won't be seeing her in the
vlog it's very cloudy today there's dark
clouds everywhere that means even if you
wanted to do something outside today
probably one gonna happen it's gonna
rain thunder lightning but I guess first
we can take Buford on a walk that's
pretty typical should I shower first
guys no all right that's not that's
pretty usual don't shower until you
absolutely have to
Aaron's get prepared his shirt is too
small he was gonna wear this time it's
closet but that's actually my tie but it
was in his closet this is something that
happens very usual in her house my
clothes go in his closet his clothes go
in my closet
we just don't know whose clothes are
whose anymore I don't know but this is
my shirt for sure
Buford hey Buford Wow you ain't gonna
walk Buford you weren't gonna walk you
were going to walk Buford yeah Wow
you've heard yeah look at those dark
clouds it's gonna be a storm here soon
it's actually not that cold out right
now which is pretty nice so I can just
wear short sleeves the weather forecast
ourselves the t5 actually the weather it
looks like it's lying basically this has
gonna be sunny it doesn't look very
sunny out you've betrayed me weather app
you're fired
guys I just felt a raindrop I also heard
some thunder be heard we made it home
come on inside
so much for fun outdoor activities by
the way that's not rain that you're
hearing it's real life hail balls
Wow yeah you know I know you don't I am
a chameleon
look what Andrew did what what did I do
I made this in like kindergarten or
whatever I did this errands off to his
job interview and I've just been sitting
in this chair watching youtube videos
for the past probably half an hour yeah
because it's time to finally go take a
shower
alright just got done with the shower
I'm sitting in my chair now like I said
this is gonna be a typical Saturday
Justin and I usually film like pranks
and vlogs Monday through Friday all
during the week and then Saturday and
Sundays are just kind of like chill days
and I recently graduated college if you
saw that vlog there we are
azam so this is it I don't really know
what to do with my Saturday's anymore
cuz for the past five years
Saturday's have always been they
constantly just homework homework all
day long so that's what I'm gonna show
you guys cuz that's what I'm used to so
I don't know what to do with my time
anymore so nice wish Oh what cool yeah
come on this will start writing
something okay
taking a break from homework now to
reply to some emails and get lunch then
back to homework got that time for
another lunch break
kind of like a pre snack before dinner
snack makes sense
Aaron how was the job interview went
well you said you had another one
yes Wednesday 6:30 it's always a good
sign when you get called in for a second
job interview so Aaron's doing a good
job
he deserves a donut Buford he can he
sees me hey Buford as usual Aaron is
still on class it's been 8 hours
straight
hey I want a bagel Oh
bagels make good snacks so you just got
to go in my yes yeah bagel oh also
Albany knees make good snacks snack time
for a quick game of uno let's see
yep we can play this card mm-hmm it's
almost 6:00 now and I lied we did get to
see Mary today Wow
it's a miracle all right we're on our
way to church so I'll see you guys after
back from church now it's about 8
o'clock it's time to play some destiny
and because destiny said up here oh yeah
put a little bit destiny and go to the
gym and it's about it for Saturday so
see you at the gym I guess erin has
slowly become the new keV sits in room
playing video games listening to music
he is nice sexy
nope it's good you've evolved what is
yeah
all right we're at the gym now
it's not so many people here pretty
chill Saturday night
let's go
hey guys now it's time for Aaron he's
gonna show you a very good lower back
workout because it's kind of hard to
work your lower back at the gym but this
workout is very powerful so get in this
machine okay you line up grab yourself a
weight it's time to do some weights and
do a couple of these yeah if you do
three tests of these your lower back is
gonna be stiff it's gonna feel amazing
back home now back home now and that
just about does it for today's vlog
there you go that's a basic Saturday for
you guys it's really kind of a more of a
day in the life type of video versus our
typical vlog style because I don't think
we've ever showed just a normal day of
what that is so I hope you kind of
enjoyed it
maybe you're bored I don't know but
that's their Aaron you okay oh sorry I
keep going thanks for hanging out
Saturday with me any last words
hey hey we'll see you guys tomorrow
