ladies and gentlemen welcome back to for
Friday who is super stoked me and me
what are we got playing for today's for
Andrew I mean the real answer is we
don't know
that's the truthful answer but we're at
one of our favorite places to build
forts and we're just going to go in
there build something epic we haven't
been here in a while so they probably
move stuff around it looks different
almost Christmas - so decorations are
coming out but sometimes some of the
best sports we have done have been when
we don't have a plan just go in and see
what happens so let's do this
building forts and style streamed it in
for them to be honest how would I take
it in the store
it's a Christmas wonderland in here okay
where do we even start because this
store is literally probably one of the
biggest stores that you never heard of
so if you guys remember if you have
watched all our forts we have done forts
in this section before if you guys
remember ganma she may be back we're not
sure whoa look at all the pillows it's
so nice it's already like look the
second floor already is like wall ready
serious yeah remember when you don't
have a plan you got to just kind of
search around at all your options
options because there could be something
better than this guys we found the
coolest wall piece like our hedging oh
no way we possibly could okay we may
come back for this all right we're in
some sort of fort
we could probably get designs chairs
walls lots of room for activities like
what are we this is terrible idea
looks like the cushions is gonna be the
fort once you tell them today's mission
well look what we got here five four
stories for sure though right here in
the cushions can we do it a four story
cushion fort I think we can I'll throw
you pillows
how fast can he be they're dropping
anyways
this might be the comfiest pillow I've
ever felt my life whoa
finishing up the final touches of the
walls here
usually when we build forts we like
start from the bottom and go up but this
time this likes middle layers is
completely full and done I can't really
see yet the employees literally just
chuck the pillows everywhere
this side of the fort needs a lot of
help
guys we need pillow reinforcements we
have our first intruders and a young kid
I think if he sees our door he's gonna
come in here and you're still out there
what are you doing I'm making some walls
good is it comfy in there yeah this
carpet is so nice
citing one a few will keep you updated
one two three four guys doing it up here
is great give them a tour they got a
nice pie hole right here
as you can see Oh way that challenge
were if we're up here we have to try and
make like an object into somebody's cart
was walking by yes we need to go get
supplies for that
yeah snacks can make it a little better
up here probably because it's a bit
pillowy we got the area down here well
upgrade but the progress is fabulous so
let's go get some props you have a very
strange entrance it's just like you have
to burrow your way through the pillows
and then just put it back yeah grandma's
going full-speed scope in the area yeah
I don't see anybody no signs of life
anywhere escape damn eyes over there I
don't even want to peek up now I don't
want her to see me with your problem and
this me sorry the coast is clear
we're trying to find some sort of item
that when we throw us on this cart it's
gonna be quiet not cause any concerned
oh yes stockings they have different
letters - what letter do you want I got
that works and see if your name starts
with that leave a comment oh my neck
there's so many snacks I'm in snack
heaven he's so perfect for the fort I'm
so excited
Gary's popcorn no way Gary what have you
done without the snacks we got the
airdrop supplies receipt you drop the
booze huh why your feet all those just
off no why you have to go get him I just
got up here you just drop them all
you're gonna give away our position I'm
going back out
yeah it's a mess you psychopath this is
the top floor guys very spacious got
some pillows to rest on here's the
challenge supplies come down here
another lay down zone it's not a big
space but it's a chill zone and just
what we need to try and make this on
someone's cart now and some dukes
shell should use hickory peach barbecue
never heard of it whoa that means it's
very good right yeah
my eyes I just saw somebody down there
but I don't know if they have a cart Oh
there's Jimmy Timmy and his brother ah
what she saw oh the mom saw me Ozzy and
then I had I tried to act casual like oh
I found the pillow guys I see how she
see you
we'd have to complete this challenge
though this is gonna be the second fort
this is a hard challenge thing guys to
the right all right it's coming down
it's coming down the aisle why they have
to have kids in the cart it's hard
because I have the perfect spot what to
see them when I go to level one that
should be easier to get stuff in
people's carts we're hoping well I could
see you down there wish we were filming
because when they walked right by our
fort what did you say something I see
something one of us said something and
then they turn or like to that pillow
just talk to us I think is it ouch again
I should have just thrown it no guys
here's to setup we've made a little spy
hole hold this up to this size so I can
throw it so now we just have to wait for
the next victim
we'll get in this time you just do it no
matter what okay hopefully ain't gonna
get a good aim I want to get it on the
bottom basket yeah
man try though are you gonna sit right
here
wait wait do they want to see you you
said no matter what that man would've
saw you you said no matter what yeah but
old man would be like who would you be
what a new customer and bound and this
one we will make it yeah it's too late
mom
yep yep we're throwing no matter what
folks do you guys think they're gonna
see us before this happens guys what is
your guess are they gonna see it see us
find us or be very confused get it
no you missed if she comes back again
you have to hear her yeah you better
score
you can't make it in come on Ernest
her friend was throwing header she's
like I don't know what grandma said but
her friend was like I didn't throw
nothing at yet no she was getting lashes
it had it throw it
this is the best mission success all of
our ammo one out of three
ouch so traffic in this store is very
slow because it's like a weekday
managing a weird part of town but um I
want to show you guys what it looks like
when we have thrown the thing at
people's carts what it looks like from
here somebody will be a walking along
like this and then hey we're the Dave
away I'm alone who did
what she just took it
she said thank you
mom come Stanley I said stop
all right guys is it time to escape
yeah it's time to escape and there's
only one way to escape forts okay in
three two one day two yellow oh but this
with this that was another successful
fort so much fun now I just I'm so glad
we finally got to complete that
challenge I know it's been a long time
coming but if you guys like that
challenge let us know and we'll try and
do it more and other forts - yep it's
almost December guys yeah what does that
mean fort miss yes stay tuned have a
great rest of your day and we'll see you
back here soon good bye
