good morning everybody we're here in the
woods right now very nice it's a little
sprinkling right now we are heading to
my sister's graduation party she's
having it out here
there's so many graduation parties
there's a Pavillion right there peeling
right there we're thinking it's that one
so we're trying to find where this is
here we are there nice mother what's to
eat
chick-fil-a oh yes chick-fil-a chicken
yeah we made you a card why not the back
of it bean
in the top things off I got a playful
dessert and veggies it's a good day
folks and look the Sun finally decided
to come out for pete's sake my mom lives
right by where our p.o box is so she
always goes and checks it pretty much
like every week and then she gives us
the fan mail and so here's just another
little batch of fan mail in here so if
you guys sent letters don't fret because
we will be getting to them we never have
set days of when we want to get to the
fan mail we just kind of if we have a
lot we go and just open it all at once
or we just wait but I'm sure this week
we're gonna open it I'm so into Jeeps
now guys look at this one that is a
beast
Niva got it like a shovel and a tire on
the back now playing football with dad
oh so I can't catch one hit the little
squirrels running off with a cheeto it
was awesome
who is epic he loves the cheeto the
squirrel or a chipmunk whatever it is
it's gonna be phat in no time we're
trying to feed him he thinks it's a gun
that's why he's running Oh makes sense
he's like what thoug even Jima is here
hey Jima we got cake here but medium
bread try and stay away from that
right
Graham everybody here's the aftermath no
panas henna tattoo look like Sharpedo
what's a really good Sharpie design
Urbina diamonds into myself
goodbye have a good time
just go home from Hannah's graduation
and this weather's really bumming us out
literally I don't know how people who
live in my cold areas deal with it but
we can't
it should been raining all week and it's
supposed to continue raining all week
I'm a tropical guy okay I was born in
Arizona
I need warmness I really want to go to
the beach right now but we can't just
when I start to complain about
Colorado's weather it turns around and
totally redeems itself what literally
it's been probably two hours and it's
completely warm out no rain Sun blue
skies
do you see what we have to deal with
over here where'd you like come on e
good morning
you just took a nap right now we're
heading to Whole Foods to get some
ingredients for dinner this week we're
going to be trying to eat as healthy as
we found well show you what we're going
to be making and what we're we buy to
make this is awesome one of my favorite
shopping carts it's like a smaller
version of the regular car it's just
broken down into two sections so awesome
but to help us decide what ingredients
to get for today's meal we are using the
forks over knives
without its fault
once you show them what it's like
excessive looks like and then you just
kind of like have all different kinds of
recipes I don't know where you found
ours to me what are we having tonight
babe alert I think this type of pizza
where did you find that it's a go to the
shopping list oh yeah and so this app
tells you like what exactly to get
south-of-the-border pizza
it doesn't like by aisle like if you
don't know like where to get five ins
it's as I can infer their looks so cool
pretty three yes me
look what we just found what is it it's
like organic chocolate but like look how
like nicely packaged $8 for this though
well hi back home getting dinner started
we got the pizza dough here the pepper
cilantro getting the chicken cooked
we're adding chicken to this meal thing
group the recipe said didn't say chicken
but you like chicken just give us your
best here's the cooked chicken on it now
I got put it in the oven and then after
add some cilantro maybe some avocado
here it is folks with the cilantro you
usually says in the ingredients to the
avocado on the pizza but we actually
want guacamole instead I just got some
of these chips so lemonade here I wanna
show you guys look at the flavor of this
lemonade strawberry basil flavored
lemonade non-gmo yes but it is the
weirdest tasting drink I have had in a
while honestly it's really good though
it just it's like basil no one would
ever have thought to do that and they
also had another flavor it was lime it
jalapeno flavored limeade really weird I
did want to bring up something while we
were cooking I was looking over our
newest blog and just reading over some
of the comments the henna tattoo parlor
um I did not know that the doll the
elephant doll was a Hindu god and I
don't want you guys to think that I was
making fun of that religion or
disrespecting anything I'm sorry if I
did
I honestly did not know like I thought
that whole store was just dedicated to
basically henna tattoo stuff and I
didn't know that they had like religious
stuff in there I cuz I'm being honest
with you I don't know much about that
religion so that's that so hope you guys
aren't super angry I just want to
apologize to people who do believe in
that or whatever I do respect all your
religions so just one that clear the
water there folks that was a very good
pizza but now me and Brittney are trying
to find a new TV show to watch on Hulu
we don't have Netflix in tomorrow we
just have Hulu and all all the shows
that we do like watching we're waiting
for it to come back on so we like
Walking Dead the 100 watts right now
we're watching the last man on earth
trying that out we just watched the
first episode of Sleepy Hollow so are
there any good shows that you would
recommend well that's all for today's
vlog folks pretty laid back we will be
announcing the big news tomorrow I think
in a separate video like we're gonna
upload a vlog and then I think after the
vlog we'll upload the special
announcement sound good okay I guess
we'll see you tomorrow folks goodbye
