morning muffins again the weather here
is terrible
why it's supposed to be like our dad
I've just sad okay that's it I may have
bought it with me from Seattle I'm sorry
yeah please don't ever do that again try
not to but anyways right now we are here
for Brandon's graduation it's at this
church he did online school so there's
not too many people which will be so
nice not having to sit through hours of
name reading but and then later we're
going to my sister's graduation both
yeah that one will be ours but yeah it's
just kind of cool both our siblings are
graduating today so
Brendan I also want to thank my friends
and family should have been there for me
throughout the years Brandon didn't he
graduated how does he feel I remember
that too
all right well we're on the side of the
highway because this is the entrance to
get into where Hannah's graduating it's
at the air force base traffic is just
terrible the air force people are
cracking down on security just because
of stuff that's I guess been going
around lately so they're checking
everyone's car we just got to the
parking lot to get into the event and
this is our friend to share his car so
we just put a bag of trash to confuse
her
and if you guys remember we did about a
year ago we did a graduation prank we
did it here so the fact of the day for
you if you haven't seen it go searching
graduation prank j stu studios
guys there's Nana right there so let's
see we'll see the move she got
all right so we're just waiting for the
graduates to come out and these four
kilowatts the videos anything you want
to say god bless everybody watching
these videos okay yeah
here she is she's the one we put the
trash on her car so we're gonna walk
with her to a car and get her reaction
hey how'd you guys like the graduation
guys huh how do you like the graduation
oh great except what where's your car
are you serious what is it trash are you
kidding me really I mean I'm perfectly
even in the parking class oh don't
okay I three not two but they did we
parked right over there and we saw your
car like let's just put this on her car
and see what she does
and now that graduations done is time
for dinner and we are at pay way and
John has never had pay way before
clearly I'm very boring in Seattle and
you said they don't have much
restaurants there so we're showing in
the ways of good food we got the Compaq
Carmel chicken dude this is so much
better than Panda Express it's gonna
blow your mind Andy's favorite dish on
the trailer yeah they have these
chopstick helpers which are actually
really convenient we can actually do
this now finally I don't either I don't
know why like is it the Chinese who use
these why don't you just Forks I feel
like Forks are so much easier because
like it's hard to scoop the rice
cool they're gonna say the same thing
how come they don't use chopsticks just
got back home and guess what just
happened
open my phone and we hit 700,000
subscribers
yes John play perfect celebratory music
Linkin Park no but really thank you guys
to anybody who subscribed to our main
channel 700,000 subscribers is huge and
it means a lot to us so just thought I'd
mention that thank you
now we're back at Britney's parents
house why are we here Britt Brandon so
we got this Congrats B wag anyway we
don't know who bwagga it's a custom cake
I thought yeah mom where's dad yeah
where is dad guys poopy day fool
graduations in were back home congrats
to both the siblings for graduating you
did it all by yourselves and congrats to
anybody else who graduated high school
or college this big accomplishment and
yeah I just wanted to bring back comment
of the day we were doing that for a
while and we stopped but I was looking
through comments and this one make me
laugh Oh nuts
Aaron sites 2015 I was gonna say Aaron's
only vocabulary is Oh nuts if you guys
have noticed that's all it says in the
video so he's known as the Oh nuts man I
guess Britney is going to read the next
comments you guys could get some ponies
and penguins and just put them in a box
to see if they could become a family
that love stuff about the stuff that
gives them stuff and stuff and then
honky Leo said what I said I never heard
well gee leo pretty random comments but
thanks for the comments guys the
challenge will be out tomorrow so don't
forget to come back tomorrow if you want
to see us try a bunch of spicy mustard
worst challenge ever oh my god even she
tried it I try it otherwise big news
will be coming next week we decided
we're going to announce it next week so
that's it thanks for watching and we'll
see ya tomorrow goodbye
