good morning guys that's a good way to
start off the morning waking the
neighbors with guitar Tunes clearly very
rusty in music my turn for guitar oh
goodness
bitch about that don't you watch time
that to the store real quick
brilliant tiki torches yeah it probably
play with them too
we found the torches and they're only
six dollars where did you go
hello dad
John put the torch back yeah I want this
we've made it to Colton's house since
we're going camping tomorrow we're all
hanging out before camping and make him
dinner and chilling with all the bros
here so it's gonna be a pretty fun night
the crew is here just got done playing
cool ooh the worst game ever what's on
the menu for dinner folks I love these
are looking great
okay miss Barton over here give it shot
block thing might be like messing on TV
teton mushrooms I don't like mushrooms I
didn't wash my hands so we can't get
rice and chicken nice just playing some
catch keep away from the dogs
so while we're playing football Jessie
and Colton are making dinner let's see
how it's going
how's dinner looking fellas all right
four minutes till dinner you freaks
dinner is served
let you wrap it with some Salas oh so
how's dinner I don't hear bad camera out
of my face
I'm scale one to twenty it'd be a 25
cookie for dessert
double chocolate-chip cookie hmm
where's Colton's doggie sushi what
sushi sushi whatever you want to call
her
sewage I also like that these cookies
are made out of chocolate
Chuy's right cotton yes my hand is clean
darn well we all lost poker and time to
play the dictionary game what up losers
we're all the loser squad that's you you
wants to yeah hey hey Cyclops hey hey
guys hi what's your favorite snack by
the way mine is jezus do I know what
mine is
yes pickles no oh yeah what about
blueberries and I don't bury it to play
Oh
we're gonna scare him real quick I gotta
throw it out yeah sure or both
all right we're back home and before we
let you guys go we wanted to show you
all the extra clips we got from the
balloon prank and some of the failed out
flow clips that mean John films that
didn't make it into the final prank yep
here they are
hey guys thanks for watching we hope you
liked it special shout out to her friend
John for coming out and helping us out
makes the bros again for once again
letting me prank with them again so but
Andrew Cunha hey guys thanks for
watching we hope you liked it supposed
to shout out to our friend John for
helping us out to drink I didn't run hey
guys thanks for watching we hope you
liked it give Jimmy that big new life
and thanks to the bros for once again
let me prank with them but Andrew if you
haven't checked out our vlog channel or
Jays do you get the time let's save some
that kid thought I did you but then you
got a beginner it'd be cool if you held
this for a second I grabbed this thing
holy crap nice save Thanks yeah what
what's with the balloon I don't know
excuse me can you my balloon for a sec I
need a tie my shoe Thanks oh my gosh are
you videotaping me right now what do you
mean is this like a prank you just
popped my balloon I don't know what you
mean but my shoe
no it's yeah I'll be on today
oh really here all right
do you hold this for a sec had something
on my shoe holy crap can you tell me if
this is goof gas or not no you just got
to hold it and say a certain weight yeah
thanks for playing
you know Liz bloom for a second out tie
my shoe okay yeah dude why so obviously
finals week if my balloon is heavier I
pass if his is heavier I don't so can
you guys just test for us real quick
please luminous heavier yes that's
suppose I no no I was like is this some
weird joke no no and barely even touch
so I don't I dived in another year of
college
I cannot be the actual it's okay part of
the final mr. corn radish right I'm
sorry um so anyways thanks for watching
guys camping vlog will be out tomorrow
so get excited and I don't think I have
anything else to say you know you guys
are very cool and awesome yeah we we've
looked at the last few of vlogs and our
other vlog just hit a thousand likes and
we usually her I think hidden about 600
to 700 likes a vlog so when we saw that
on our 17 minute vlog it just really
inspired us so thank you for all the
likes leave a like if you want us to do
more longer vlogs I'm curious because I
know some people like watching shorter
blogs but we started doing like near 20
minute vlogs let us know if you like
that and want us to do it more see you
tomorrow
good bye
