good morning guys how's it going still
gloomy out today in Colorado but it does
not matter and I have a surprise
actually I don't know if I've told you
yet but if you guys remember from like
months ago we had our friend John come
out here to Colorado he was in the
helium video with us well he's here
who's back here camping I literally
thought he was coming tomorrow hit her
and Britain hurt him and Britney what
did you guys do
okay so I'm supposed to be here tomorrow
but her and I plan like two months ago
to show up early and I'm here a day
early and I filmed its reaction so
what'd you guys see that somehow yeah
I'll play the reaction right now Oh No
hahahaha how did you get here
I walked oh my god so yeah that was
pretty random I wasn't expecting it at
all Brittany was trying to say there was
something wrong with this car and so she
that's how she made me okay open up the
trunk but I heard her turn on the camera
so I was getting a little suspicious bad
ways Andrew doesn't know that John's
here right now so we're just gonna go in
the house and he's just gonna walk in
with a friend not get caught cuz mom's
outside - yeah the mom will be fine with
it but we're supposed to do some
pranking today and yeah so let's go
Frank
nah dude what's up hey dude he surprised
me - Brittany went and picked him up and
I was like so confused and he was
sitting in the trunk of my car and we
were just like oh let's go surprise
Andrew a car I was like I asked what I
didn't see you
where were you wasn't my garage here oh
well I saw you bike pole right there and
he drove that way I was like so confused
well you're still surprised there's the
viral prank and we're off to do some
pranking now and I wanted to discuss
something because some of you are asking
in the previous vlog about this we took
we put up a prank and we took it down we
did that because it was getting a lot of
dislikes Andrew did you have a thought
on this I know you tweeted about it
what do you have to say everything is
annoying I feel like YouTube is the only
job in the world where you can put your
work up and it gets instantly criticized
by everybody in the world well imagine
if you're like had a school project
you're making an art project you work
all week on this presentation you go and
present it and a thousand people
instantly a thousand people instantly
are like boy you saw this is terrible
yo get a real job look you know what I
mean yeah so you can understand like how
we feel sometimes if we put up a video
that we enjoy and we get criticized
because of I don't know what like it
didn't meet certain people's needs and
for us we upload a video we're hoping to
get a lot of likes a lot of positive
comments and we see a lot of dislikes
and a lot of people saying negative
things about it we get really down I
don't know just that's what happened
with the video we put on but we will put
it up for you guys so you'll get to see
it John you have any words to say my
insight is pretty similar it is really
easy to criticize I mean the person
that's watching a video can easily have
like a bad day and then just want a
thumbs down every video for one the idea
behind their pranks the family-friendly
approach I mean YouTube is just
cluttered with so much negative videos
that is such a bad influence but these
guys can't cater to the audience and
then you just can't please everyone so I
appreciate the approach that my bros do
thanks man yeah I feel like a lot of our
subscribers like you guys on this
channel are awesome like everything we
upload we're always getting good
feedback always like you guys really
true fans but I feel like a lot of
people on our main channel don't I guess
fully understand like our style of
pranking or I just don't know why
sometimes we get a lot of dislikes
because all our content is similar it's
goofy awkward but it's okay and half
that happens in life sometimes you make
a crappy art project you cannot make
next one so yeah I was told just anew no
it's like everyone has a bad day at work
so can't let it get to him that much and
they have it so but what are you doing
dad dad are you snapchat man let's yeah
we're here at the dollar store because
they have balloons for a dollar
good deal what balloon should we get
today these are below either boobs this
one how many is in our Delia we're using
the money from what this is the bald
Andy foundation dollar donation and a
couple coins so you guys are helping I
basically fund this prank I think that's
so awesome
like the money that one of you guys are
some of you sent we're using it towards
our pranks ech that's so good because if
I was going the dollar store it's kind
of strange using your debit card on a
one dollar item but when you got like a
one dollar bill the ball Danny
foundation is doing its job
oh here pranking our clips going so far
it's finals week so people are very
pissed
yeah well surprisingly we had not really
anybody get too pissed at us so I guess
that's good and bad hoping somebody will
threaten to pull my nose off I know that
would be classic but what people are
moving today so there's been a lot of
people out but now we don't know where
everybody is look at the cute little
baby bunny guys
dad
she said you the kids
right quick lunch break and we're back
home making spoo rice and buffalo
chicken by the way this is our favorite
sauce so if any of you guys want to try
it we got it at Whole Foods we love it
so Shults really good you just cook the
chicken pour it in there and let it cook
with the sauce in there it's good we're
all back together now had a nice lunch /
dinner and guess what prank we're doing
today Andrew why don't you tell him huh
what tell about what prank we're doing
today hey man this is okay have you guys
seen the dry ice in the drive-through
video right up if you have then you'll
know exactly what we're doing today
tonight for round two of pranks yeah I
mean the first video we did did really
well we really loved every reaction we
got and so we want to do part two what
of that but we know how to make it
better
yep we'll tell you as time goes on we're
just preparing for the prank right now
so got a Wendy's cup small cup $18 dad
all right guys so we got all the cups
that we need for the prank we put them
in this bag they've got the lids it got
the straws now let's go get the dry ice
so we're here at Albertsons and they
will give it to us now time to get some
gas and it's storming out here there's
thunder and lightning look at that it's
thundering here but eight feet that way
it's Sun okay
oh okay
weatherman hold you ha see I was
pointing over there it was right there
wind shifted
the dry-ice member kids to always handle
with care
see andrew has gloves safety first
always we're doing some tests now do we
have boiling water
we will soon Aaron have to shatter up
the dry ice so it fits in the cup which
is what Sanders trying to do there we go
now try it first to make sure it's good
okay oh don't try that kids
you're doing a test round
this is boiling a how like insane hot
first oh you ever go fetch cold water
very hot water yeah it's a train this is
what we do people in the backseat have a
big bucket of dry ice here and what
happens John no John what happens next
well we do the print off you're the cop
and then when they give you it the guy
puts in come Weavers in the backseat
gives you the company do the swamp quick
swap we get a big chunk quiet so it
Scott it's all about teamwork that's how
you get this prank done with ease yeah
so are you guys ready do we know fail
nuts
what just happened oh I was trying to
set it down and just look out of my
hands dang it always when we're not
recording oh I got it my hands are
sitting down to put the cab look like
you put Mentos in it was like water
oh the toaster is full I'm soda now
tired oh just don't tell Mom oh my god
to be able to get work with this or the
sheep I don't notice oh how would you
know do you think she'll notice I just
destroyed it good the coke and mentos in
mom's kitchen
don't you think mom won't notice if he
just leaves it right here Aaron did
Aaron really Aaron you're fine
we're setting up now we got our cameras
mics the whole crew are very hot water
in the canister okay so what we're gonna
do is attach the mic to the window
and let's put in new batteries first you
always want to make sure you're fully
charged yes if your leash elbow needs to
do the knee Newberry's yeah - pranks in
one day and we're going with the Watson
batteries
these are you chargeable so for anybody
out we've had these like a year never
had to buy batteries
that's batteries so if you're looking
for batteries Watson on Amazon be an H
so Justin using my purse to cover it you
don't have a hoodie your sweatshirt
think he's trying to hide the camera
thing Booker's this makes everything
possible good don't touch it with your
hands like I just did ouch
careful oh it's leaking off all right
yeah look I put the cup like right yeah
you tilt it let's try and go fast
okay don't go fast I told you that you
you want the gloves oh goodness oh sorry
so obviously everyone saying go fast
everyone is prone to human error you
know here's the lid okay the broken
livin all right let me know what you
want me to hold this back there so when
you want me to put the dryers and like
when I are you gonna be able to I asked
for like a chronometer I'm okay I've got
some article have that I'll have it in
my hand ready to go as soon as they turn
I'm gonna go alias me can I get a crispy
chicken sandwich with a small sprite ice
I screwed up
well this is a learning experience yeah
all right cat lady all right I got the
cab miss Beauty cab man we have a lot of
food that's how much sprite or they've
had but where's the del taco cuz I had
destroy your King Wendy's chick boy
every fast-food joint possible we have
enough food for a ton of homeless but
it's too late for us to find any so we
don't really eat this stuff so give it
to Aaron I guess just eating that
cranking Friday but soda yeah so buddy
get Carl
I mean some of that for my wife oh what
a tall drink of water they just look
wish it
sorry buggy am I gonna get a high more
fire hey buddy oh my god whoa whoa whoa
whoa what the heck what time is it
10:36 a full day it breaks Wow oh well
see you later I guess I can see you
tomorrow yes yeah sweet just got back
home folks and probably calling it a
night it's pretty late and before we hit
the bed we did want to let you guys know
that we brought up us taking down the
video just to let you know why we took
down the video it's not because we can't
take hate or criticism it's just for
that video specifically we're that's why
we took it down that's basically it just
want to let you know that and yeah so
thanks for watching today's vlog um I
wanted to show you where John's going to
be chillin for the rest of the pelennor
how long you chill in here for we can
have last time it was three days so we
can have his you know one more bro time
oh yeah and he's got like a four set up
here a nice comfy pad I used to sleep on
this as a kid actually so it's awesome
let's still have it but I'm missing
toilet paper
Oh see you tomorrow
ha
