good afternoon sandwiches Mary and I
decided to go to Garden the gods today
to have a picnic here we are yeah but we
were already down here cuz we had to go
down to the dealership on the south side
of town because they had the title for
my car our car Mary's car this is
someone's car and now we have a title
for it I know just let me just burp over
there no that guy over there in the
woods is burping here's lunch we have
some sun chips and some sandwiches
carrots it's very nice out it's not very
sunny which is nice I think it's
supposed to rain later actually right
yeah probably it's been raining like at
the wazoo over here in Colorado it's
usually best to do stuff in the morning
cuz it's usually doesn't rain in the
morning it's usually always reading the
afternoon so if you want going on hike
have lunch
that's a good idea these picnic tables
look fresh
let me guess him juicy juicy here we go
what kind of sandwich did you meet it
was like a turkey and lettuce sandwich
ham and lettuce sandwich with a cheese
stick well time to dig in I guess
they've got all types of birds over here
ah where'd he go
that was a blue jay and I was filming
him dad oh I had bread for you Mary
pointed out that the clouds look pretty
cool in the mountains can't wait telling
the camera very well but it's kind of
cool I love it I'm growing already I can
feel it in my bones
picnic times over we have to go now
cousin Ernie's cold maybe it's not the
warmest day out
those people up there it's cool because
they also have a 5k run Race for the
Cure where you run around all these
roads on are the gods like this road you
run on the road 52:53 me
it's actually kind of a heart rate's
because these roads are really hilly
back home now and Aaron and his friends
are playing Mario Kart we're trying to
sneak down there and pull a prank on
Aaron I guarantee you if I start shaking
his chair and mess up he'll be so pissed
Aaron I thought Aaron get super pissed
but he didn't they're too into the game
to be pissed okay so I'm gonna do
something I didn't wanted to do for a
while
Great Scott I'm gonna this is the box
that the Marlin came in the biggest
Harbor box I've ever seen in my life I'm
gonna convert it into my own personal
fort so we're gonna make the door here
make a hole so we can cut open
all righty used my skills to create an
entrance it's a double opening door so
wow you can't anything yet
but just wait oh we're inside the fort I
have some I'm trying to think of good
ideas so I'm just sitting here for a
second I'm starting to get some ideas
you have a hole here which I will use
pretty straight all right guys welcome
to the fort I put up Christmas lights
tape on the door you got a blanket down
here yeah there's intruders in here
please stop Aaron please stop YouTube
videos watch movies is epic in here
who's there okay I see you ah what's
happening you just came in and took my
tape huh
Hey oh don't want to stay in here
forever I'm stuck in here let me out of
here Spike's everywhere in the blankets
out of my house
similar to shut the power off turn the
power back on Wow
I paid my rent I gave it to you I'm ten
my barrel of a gun right now I told you
I gave it to you are you ah there we go
these time for a nap
all these burglars trying to get in here
stop waving that damn light my face
you'd finally relax I just want to take
a nap for pete's sake in my new house
what's happening she doesn't know I'm in
here to be a good prank it's a drop
deposit box anytime I need to pay ranch
go yes
hey Oh what I put it in the drop deposit
box
yes they did does that my change wow
that was only 25 cents is back up thank
you this is my dollar and I've won it
now all my lights fell on me by the way
I need to come out I need to go pee
dilute the escape hatch open up the door
I don't have a dollar
where's everyone keep these blankets off
my house this is the outside of the box
and this is the inside I think the new
base design will have the lights on the
floor that way when there's an
earthquake they don't come flying down
and hit you man how is it it's cozy
that's good yeah see it's nice I did
that myself I know you did
and you shut the doors I know yeah yeah
hope you guys like that fort it's
morning now and Justin and I have a full
day of pranking ahead of us it's gonna
be a blast but yesterday we got our
camping supplies just the basics the
bare necessities for a camping is all we
need yeah and some rain proof beer just
close to rain this is gonna be so much
fun
today's what Thursday camping we leave
Saturday morning so it does this time to
go make some breakfast and eat
hmm breakfast is selfed
anyways thanks for watching today's
video hope you guys liked it and thank
you for all your support and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
all these Rattlers he will swear I had
at here
yeah
