oh sorry you drove girlfriend guys
welcome back to more Jase - hope you're
having a fantastic happy filled laughs
giving day no me aiming um do you guys
like nerf guns as much as we like nerf
guns we have done so many different
types of nerf mods nerf challenges
coming back today for another nerf gun
video guys but first we need to go over
the nerf arsenal we already have so
let's go check it out
power up we got here a lot of these guns
you're probably like woah is that out
yet it is but we have custom modded
these ones custom paint job we got
silver lime green on this guy look at
that it's the gold and chrome that is
melons rare this is the multi scoop
shotgun
multi flavor Wow oh my what do we got
here Andrew this is another chrome super
chrome but this sides regular yeah this
is like if you're here if you see and
nevermind just this is our newest
addition this white mode just pretty
sick I call that the Spartan white yeah
we didn't paint it but look it's like
the Spartan helmet yeah you thought we
had enough nerf guns you're wrong yeah
they're always coming out with new nerf
guns and we always want to keep on doing
these nerf mods and do you guys know we
have a nerf gun battle ground arena in
our city yeah that's how cool it is
we're gonna go and see what other nerf
guns we can add to the Arsenal maybe
upgrade it and then you know it has died
deer battlefield yeah in the battles we
got it by all our friends bring these
custom guts to the battlefield
and a little sad because Black Friday
there's tons of deals on rival guns and
we didn't get any the Bob Ross video
game in the world dude Bob Ross is
killing it with the merch I smell nerf
guns yes oh the judge you say back off
haters how many thirty dart revolving
drum
we got the rivals over here this will be
custom masks oh and look they got custom
scarves well the white ones pretty cool
oh yes oh and attack light oh not joking
we're a nerf heaven also we're in luck
boys the sales are still going on not
just one this one might be the best deal
but this is a new style it's not like
the old ones where you put it in the
tube it's just all glob in their hopper
like a paintball gun hi if we are to
come to your battlefield for a rival
night do we need to bring our own
bullets or do you guys have them all
right here's what we're getting we're
getting this gun we're getting a helmet
to tack lights and grips and another
helmet which we check the closed area to
see if we can find any tactical gear
clothing yeah that's a good idea let's
go
imagine this and bear with me imagine if
we had the whole store like this all to
ourselves with a bunch of friends not
saying this could ever even be possible
to be done but a whole store like this
with our friends we all nerf guns and we
have a huge battle when the store closes
with nerf guns the lights are off we
have glow-in-the-dark stuff all the
aisles where we can hide I literally
just got goosebumps goosebumps I don't
even know how that would be possible
that would be the coolest thing ever
nerf war in a grocery store superstore
so we found a Star Wars this may be some
good battle gear
you're gonna look like a Jedi sister
Andrew we also got to think if we're
going to prepare ourselves for the nerf
battlefield what colors would we wear
because what this blend in probably not
maybe not but if it's like pretty bland
this would be very obvious running
around so I'm looking back at our old
video where we went to the nerf gun
arena here it is to get a feel for what
the arena looks
we got orange and black looks a bit
that's cheap orange or yellow right yeah
yellow green yeah
you guys already know we have to get our
base come on so we just start calling
them byes no okay fine we had to get our
Bey's we're back home Aaron's here for a
second I think it was quiet can you come
No pretty cool what color do you guys
like red or blue or would you prefer a
different color than either we should
customize our masks yeah
next up the flashlight that's not how
you open a package bigger this light
dude oh I thought it was gonna be cheesy
is it but zero cheesy now get battery
would you guys be quiet anywhere for the
main event
Oh shoddy guys and scissors wants to
test me
don't forget your mask what are you
scared Marv
oh okay guys we got to go to the Arsenal
and see what gun this will fit on so we
have one that it's mainly made for this
big behemoth right there yeah would you
put it on things heavy
oh yeah yeah if we had batteries and we
could turn it on how does it me PPP
weakness use the screwdriver fine
but at least it works
inter got it on that one let's say they
have an attack rate on the bottom but
the side is pretty cool isn't an eye can
do a hip fire in 50 50 50 computers and
like secretly no verse if you are back
on a corner let's see it yeah do this
right so let's put up let's put the
lights on both sides let's see it this
is Aaron come look at this
it looks so funny I wish the lights word
is epic what do you think Aaron need
someone else to fire the gun for you I
know that's the problem it sound like a
huge just like magazine ulation
yeah make sure to put the trigger on the
side we're gonna go get batteries for
the lights and then play ball okay right
the store to get a screwdriver for this
thing in batteries but look
not bad 17 miles an hour 40 to 50
minutes of use should we get it guys let
us know in the comments should we buy
this look at this little boy when we got
it off now juicy batteries and we're
good to go
we are back at the house and it is time
for secret mode and by secret mode I
mean we're gonna get the lights on and
go in the basement in the dark how do
you know which ways which we're closing
the blinds I his blinds because they're
blackout blinds so you closed them on
and gets very dark down here
I got my gun right off lights off yes we
have a mission at snake everybody it
sounds like there's a villain in the
basement it only have his our new gun
with mods with lights now I don't know
what to expect when I go down there
29:30
ready or not here I come I'm not as
scared of nothing
hey guys wish me luck it's very dark
down here but luckily we've got our
tactical lights mm-hmm
you're here who was that there's no sign
of anybody yet but okay I got these
lights so I can see her I heard
something over there
we may have a problem notice anything
about this gun that this piece is
missing yes okay supposed to come off
really yeah but what a good thing
alright this is the end of the vlog guys
who wants us to go and have an ultimate
battle at our nerf gun arena and then
with all of our guns and we can invite
some friends bring the custom modded
light guys so if you guys want that
leave a like smash the likes yes and we
will do it see you back here tomorrow
guys fine
