good morning guys boy do we have
something to show you Andrew hey guys
what do you have to show them this on
the wall what the heck is this look how
big it is
ah did you guys remember when I went to
Mexico for the vlog we went fishing and
I caught this guy but we also got him
mounted swell
it's a crazy cool so now he has saddle
that Charles and we don't have a name
for him yet so you asked people in the
Instagram what I did it I know good name
- you look so some of the top names we
have here are Jerry all dandy barf mr.
cabbage so those are the top names leave
some more names yeah thanks for leaving
names on our instagrams or his Instagram
guys but moving on we have more fan mail
yay so it's about that time again to
open them you guys been going Hamlet
with lately with all the letters and
everything my goodness you guys know if
you're gonna be sending us fan mail you
have to remember to put the proper
postage or it won't get to us we've had
some people send us fan mail before and
they didn't put the proper postage and
it got thrown away because we had to pay
for it and it didn't work out and yeah
just go to the mail peel box room go to
the post office and make sure that when
you're sending us something you have
them correctly put the right postage and
you can't send us powders or the
government will think it's something
suspicious this is from Christopher this
is from Chris blink his locks in his
blink edge hi Justin danger I just
started watching your vlogs I just
wanted to say that you thank you for
taking the time and
make mine better welcome I am 14 year
old man on the underline man oh he is a
man and I'm an eighth grade me and my
friends Duane are trying to get our
YouTube started okay
this also included a picture jisu oh
that says Jace do oh yeah he signed it
too
oh yes and he has a dollar fifty for the
bald
Andy foundation what yeah that'll be
going in the double Baldini foundation
bag thanks for the letter to Chris ahoy
hey my name is Matthew and I'm nine
years old I don't watch your videos for
about five months and when I learned I
ate I now yell hi a sometimes he also
drew this the Hoyt a sign nice with the
Jace two Studios logo
yeah thanks Matthew for the letter this
letters from GF free hey Jeff Sanjay I'm
a big fan my name is Jeff and other vids
also give the good word is this the
picture he's talking about yes what down
ye keep I love it
yeah thanks Jeffrey hi Jase do you guys
are the best youtubers in the world at
Saturday my dog
Bouck his leg can you guys send me money
like $40 I have $80 and when you send
$40 and I'm going to have enough money
for I can fix my dog leg that's it
that's it it's just like he sent his
mailbox number and his name's Allen well
Allen I'm not quite sure we can send you
$40 but we hope your dog's leg is better
soon thanks for the letter
alright this letters from Brett he's
from Canada and he put a $5 at Canadian
bill I never seen one of those before
I've been there really cool like let's
have astronauts on the back
anyway he say now he's 13 years old he
lives in Canada and we are a huge part
of his life because we cheer him up and
he's sad and he put the exact miles we
are away from him from his house 1004
988 miles he was saying he didn't have
enough money for a stamp so he sent us
the canadian dollars to buy stamp but
we're just confused however gonna buy a
stamp this is America I'm confused
see pill but thanks for the letter Brett
thanks for watching
oh whoops I forgot he drew a picture
this is JC it's very cool 3ds Oh
different color styles that's me Justin
and I keep coming Hawaii please sure
love that that's uncool he did a good
job all right this looks like it's from
some store both created the creative
gift company thoughtful humorous gifts
nothing for the person who has
everything nothing is better nothing is
certain nothing is perfect just just a
bag of nothing Oh congratulations you
have been given the gift of nothing
absolutely nothing this is the ultimate
in minimalism less is more more is less
don't you see open the package but be
aware nothing will happen
allow nothing to flow through your mind
and cover your slope enjoy the
sensations and you too can discover that
nothing really is better than something
nobody tells you who sent this are you
happy of yourself yeah know who it's
from so whoever sent this thank you this
is from Matthew cheersing you guys are
my favorite youtubers ever I love you
guys y'all are so funny every time I get
home I run and grab my iPad and check
for new videos I want to be just like
you guys
your pranks are the funniest I'm even
watching winter vids now Oh
which video okay I know this is short
but I just want to tell you that you
guys are awesome I love your vids yeah
but this it's one of those like crying
laughing emojis I think those are they
yeah
this is Matthew watches our videos first
thing we open up here is a drawing
immediately
JC Studios Hawaii Broncos YouTube wow
that's good I don't know who this is
from because there's no name anywhere
just this autograph here and there's no
return envelope how can we send you
autographed back bro there's nothing in
here everybody this is from Isaac and I
could back of his letter it says dad and
Justin me but this is a classified
letter so I reload to read this it's
classified for us and fans only I think
hey what what this is Isaac Atkins again
again I just want you to call back
because my mom showed me it was unknown
so she's sat there oh we called her the
other day paid the font bigger keep with
the good work I looked up your name and
I found yes
whose name I don't know just as I looked
up your name and I found me as Oh
Isaac's mom wrote a letter to at the
bottom uh-huh yeah says hey guys this is
Isaac's mom Shelly I apologize for not
answering when you called the caller ID
you said unknown okay Isaac is so
fascinated with you guys I'm loves
watching light of the YouTube clips if
he's a serious fan Isaac would love to
meet you guys someday that's extreme
Wow dad same thanks so much for all the
funny and cool things you guys do but
still manage to stay out of trouble lol
yes this time yeah anyways that's cool
that Isaac your letter than mom's for
letter yeah we've never gotten a letter
I guess from mom yeah that's cool okay
we're giving a call one more time hi is
this Shelly
this is Andrew and Justin from js2
studios okay we just got your letter
let me just laughing the letter is like
she was sitting there and didn't know
what to answer well we just come up well
we just got off the phone with Isaac's
mom but we also noticed in the letter
there was also a dollar bill guessing
this is for bald Andy yes it is
so thanks we will add that to the
collection alright next letter the back
of it says please read immediately go
hurry all right there's no time to waste
please read off-camera
ah this is from Tyler keep calm and
watch Jace to tech to the Yap yeah buddy
just to sum it up Tyler found our videos
by searching trampoline parks on YouTube
and I think that's awesome because
actually most viewed videos on this
channel are actually our trampoline
vlogs so I'm glad you found us through
there Tyler thanks for being a good fan
this letters from Hailey and it says two
more Jace - Jesu studios ain't goof
squad Kimmy I've been watching this for
a long time and I can't even count how
long you guys have always you guys
always make me laugh I will never ever
stop watching your videos whoever don't
watch you are so dumb oh hey guys she
also put this drawing of God's in
Germany plus equals forever and Justin
Britt plus equals love
love that these pictures someone's
looking very fabulous no thanks old
mutter Hayley she said to call her so
we're just gonna call and see if she
answers hey Hayley its it's Andrew and
Justin we just got your letter in our
fan mail and you said give you a call so
that's what we're doing just nature of
arching guys pranks and blogs her
favorite prank is this is from Erica by
the way her favorite prank is Hoang and
we should bring that back we should we
haven't done that in a while what are
y'all favorite prank Wow
go that's a good question I don't know I
have too many favorites like I can't
decide right now squeaky shoes I don't
know her birthday's coming up so happy
birthday to you May 26th and you guys
really help me to be happy because life
is too short to not be happy you got
that right and she sent us a return
envelope because she wants us to sign
this and we will do that and I see you
put a stamp there extra points
this next letters from Steven and he
says I'm new to this and I really like
it if you guys read this on a video okay
I have just recently started watching
your YouTube videos and I really enjoy
that my brother has OCD ADHD and high
anxiety so my family gets in a lot of
fight so whenever that happens I watch
your videos I feel happier well I'm glad
our videos make you happy yeah I am 12
years old I am new to this I'm sorry if
this is I will hopefully be sending a
box of cool things for you soon
whoa yes thanks for a letter Steven this
next letter is from Kiera she met our
channel because she found our channel
because of ked the three star this is
she found our channels through Ken then
she stopped watching his vids and was
watching our his vids you guys have
inspired me to make my own channel I
only have a few bids but compared to use
they suck a lot I'm sure they don't suck
now come on be confident because of you
guys I get through a lot of bad times
thank you and then she did this whatever
says hi a in really cool crafts that is
cool that probably took a little while I
wanted to done crafts wave of us thanks
Kira does that are some Kody well there
is just in space that's nice
my face is nice the bald Andy face
that's nice and there's three separate
letters here one for Justin me and Jason
and then one for and ie yeah whose and I
I've seen a lot of people sort of spell
my name like this I'm just kind of
confused why I've never really washed
you guys until three years ago
that's a while ago yeah Andy I also
wanted to let you know that I to never
give up for your for your goal many
people count on you I know a lot of
people say this but when I say it I mean
you me you changed my life of how I see
it and I love you guys's channel keep up
keep it up bro IRA I was never really
thought of writing a fan mail letter to
you but I just wanted to tell you that
you have changed my life over the past
three years I know you hear that from
everyone but mine is special you helped
me through the tough times and hard
moments keep up the great work work your
watermelon Cody thanks Cody dear Justin
Andrew Brittany and Mary I'm writing
this fan mail to tell all of you how
much I loved watching all your vlogs and
pranks I especially like and admire how
you all put your faith in the center of
everything you do also I like how you
all get along so well together we do
whenever I'm feeling sad I just watch a
bog and by the end when you do your duck
faces I'm already feeling much better
that's some pretty powerful stuff if you
ask me you guys have inspired me and my
friend to start pranking people at
different events we go to as well we
plan on starting a YouTube channel
that's great
in conclusion don't change seriously if
you do the world will end and then there
will be no more gays dude
oh and do more prank calls okay god
bless from Adam and he wants an
autograph from all of us let's see what
this is oh here's a picture of Andy me
Indra and Mary in Brittany that's well
we will do that bro well it's such a
kind letter and you included an envelope
and stamp absolutely hi Justin Andrew my
name is Kenny and I love watching videos
from you while I'm writing this I'm
watching off-roading golfcart in facial
laughs chased you for life yeah in the
back he drew a picture it says more Jase
- Justin Andrew they still let her Kenny
glad you like our videos yeah oh that
was the last letter now we're going to
move on to the four packages
the first package is from Darren it's
very what the Citiz honestly let's find
out it's hard to port the ball baby I
know it oh heck yeah what is this Justin
and Andy have earned $8.50
on the league right Sports Authority
dear JC Studios my name is Darren I'm 21
years old
I'm from California I'm a big fan of you
guys I just wanted to say that you guys
are a big inspiration and what the most
positive people I know on YouTube you
guys also seem to have a strong faith in
God which I find pretty cool and awesome
you guys inspire me to maybe one day
become a youtuber gamer or something
lastly here is 2/4 for the bald Andy
foundation 1/4 is a Colorado quarter of
the Great Sand Dunes maybe you guys
could vlog there someday I really want
to go there me too we're really close to
the sand dunes here and we'll do it this
summer also the picture of Spock I drew
while I was on the plane when I'm going
back home to California that's really
good Wow live long and prosper this is
an Arizona Sun products what
not this is a chepa sticker what
oh no not BS scorpion suckers chapstick
if that is it a scorpion chapstick
it just has Arizona Sun lip kissed oh I
don't know what's in it as a low which
you can have this thing you're allergic
thanks to whoever sent this to us thanks
I guess yeah I've never had these do
they know they're popular there so make
another order from Amazon
oh no nuts Oh a bunch of crickets quick
ant candy what's in the bag
it's from Matthias again Wilson Matthias
how much crap ah what is that one bacon
and cheese crickets sour cream and onion
crickets okay salt and vinegar crickets
oh we have a nice variety birch yeah
well I guess thanks again for the
disgusting candy drums take the wing the
breast meat was nasty what the heck
our next pass our next package is from
Matthias
once again nice to where I think my
thigh at Wilson Matthias you get the
award for sending us the most stuff not
all that's good but some of it is yeah
this says hotter than ghost pepper
scorpion habanero hot sauce what it's
called the wicked Knight Manor 2 million
Scoville chili extract wow that's a lot
better than these bugs let's see oh yeah
we'll try this but not now
you can't try this by itself it even
says on the packing with gummy worms
so I dip it in yeah let's do it for
another video but now try the gummy
worms go good no I don't think I've ever
had the eggs before I weird just like
fresca they're really good but they're
really bad for you three servings in
here with 27 grams of sugar that's
almost a hundred grams of sugar in this
whole bag
yeah holy crap you know me sugar cubes
that is what 25 shooter's you bout oh oh
anyways guys thanks to everybody who
sent us fan mail this time you guys
always blow us away with all your kind
notes and everything so thank you thank
you guys and all the packages and
liquors and I guess we'll see you next
time right yep we'll see you guys
tomorrow
