good morning everybody welcome back the
weather in Colorado lately has been
absolutely terrible I haven't I didn't
vlog it the other day me and Brittany
actually got stuck because of so much
hail and right now it's actually hailing
or raining outside it's been raining for
like the past two days or so but if you
follow me or Brittany on Twitter or
Instagram or Facebook or whatever you
probably would have seen that we got a
new car so it's just gonna quickly show
you it right now are you happy and then
happy this is our first new car as a
married couple
yeah pretty stoked it's the 2015 Jeep
renegade and neither of us have had
brand new cars before have we ah yeah so
we got it from Britney's dad he works at
a dealership so that was awesome
and how just super excited with this
like it is I'll show you more of it
later but it's kind of dark in here so
anyways right now we're going up to
Britney's parents cabin to stay for the
weekend and a lot of cool things are
gonna be happening so right now we're
just putting food in the truck
I should probably help so yeah it was
raining earlier and now it's snowing
what the heck
you
we're getting like really close to the
cabin and it's like we're on that part
where those trucks don't clear the roads
at all so um here's what we're looking
at
mud is flying everywhere and it's really
loud are you like so loving this right
now yeah can't really see you you're
really dark that's okay it's a very fun
haha let me pull right okay we're on the
side road to get to the cabin and
there's no trail as you can see so kind
of just going with it trying to find
where the trail is yeah you look like a
grandpa
cuz you're hunched over I can sit back
here no no no no that's a much safer
okay
she's getting the gate Oh driving up
here is something else
so I swear I feel like I need food now
that drained like all my energy just but
your body tenses up trying to get there
yeah it's like really hard yeah
put these on see I want to get the
inside dirty but we're here in the
middle of nowhere
thank God let's take a look at the car
and see how uh dirty it is huh
not that bad actually what better
clothes with Laurie Ike's now time for a
beautiful cabin tour enjoy
member
and that's about it for the tutor I just
want to point out also that this whole
cabin is being run by the solar panel
right there pretty epic and really homey
little place we got here but we're
hungry so Brittany's dad made some chili
but it's kind of frozen right now so we
got to let it thaw out and also this
cabin is on what 30-plus acres of land
35 acres of land they got some ATVs some
guns so that's what we're gonna be doing
in the morning yes now it's time for
dinner
it's 10:30 and we got some chili cooking
up in here it's a good night folks
dad finally home so we're very happy
what love oh wow yes now that Tony Tasha
gives up the flu
alright guys we've been sitting by the
fire for a lot of the night but now I
think it's time for bed oh but the vlog
is not going to end now I'm just going
to get some sleep
wake up and do some more things so let's
go to bed real quick and wake up
well good morning guys it's a beautiful
day out
wanna see
that's a good eight inches of snow out
there this morning beautiful
look at that
that's insane we got the fire going here
this morning and making breakfast
currently so that's going to be good
that's cooking bacon that's way first
batch bacon yes on top of the Bears no I
can't bear what kind of gun is that good
for the bacon 45 Oh jeepers he's never
known as a shooter bear yeah breakfast
is almost served holy yes you look
country I dig it looks super like I just
don't care today oh god she's just a
sock oh my god now the breakfast is all
done and we're fueled up ready to do
some ATVing here's a ATV me and Brett
are gonna ride on uh Randy Britt's dad
now you guys know is going to here he is
he already has his ATV he's going to set
up some targets this is gonna be awesome
but I also got the GoPro here with the
pole so gonna get some cool shots for
you guys
joy
Oh
it weighs
I'm
you left
Oh change ever no don't change there's a
why
you learn
it preys on
No
you learn
of the ride RIT awesome and I haven't
dropped the GoPro yet that's good
look how beautiful it is out here take
off
yeah boom back from the ATVing and whoa
that was fun and it's only yeah not even
10 yet I feel like the whole day it's
already like I feel like 3 p.m. but I'm
gonna take a little relaxation time
right now
I mean Britta probably gonna play some
skit bow or something and then Grill
lunch soon so yeah well the ladies are
taking a nap right now and I got a
shower and changed just to feel
refreshed
so we're getting ready to make lunch
burgers hot dogs chips and salsa he's
also gonna be grilling uh some corn on
the grill I've got some watermelon as
well you could say things were getting
pretty serious around here
the food's ready and Brittany's awake
looking off good burgers and dogs well
looks like it's time to go back home
guys and it's really slushy muddy out so
we put our baggies over our shoes that
looks really good actually
now we got like a two hour drive home
not bad though and we didn't get to
shoot guns this time but next time we
come up we're definitely gonna be
shooting guns so I get to look forward
to that when we come up again which we
will be coming up a lot hopefully this
summer it's gonna be really nice up here
so no more snow cuz this is not
acceptable
look at these doggies please move we
don't want to hit you like I would
probably be like the saddest person ever
if we had to like if we were ever done
hey mr. Masoner this sucks just chasing
it my dad oh my god bro get out the way
very good bye he's like okay hahaha my
dear
so before we go home since the car is
all muddy we're getting a quick car wash
this one looks nice it's foam time big
papa
Oh like I'm in Monsters Inc for some
reason the tentacles of doom
it's awesome spaghetti Wow cleaned up
real nice thanks car wash well guys that
was just one of many adventures that's
going to be happening this summer we
have a lot of plans actually next this
weekend we're going camping and if you
guys been watching for a long time you
probably know that we go camping every
year with all the bros and that's what
we're doing this weekend we got a bigger
group this time so it's going to be more
epic I just I can't wait so hope you are
excited as well and I guess we'll see
you tomorrow
