what go back more gays view we are here
with another challenge I'm sorry we
didn't upload a challenge last week yeah
messed up but this is an exciting video
you've never seen anything like this
before so yeah we went to the store
that's in our town that has a bunch of
really weird flavor sodas we finally
found dad's root beer we ever found dad
himself but we found that they have
dad's root beer so be surrounded next up
we have this pumpkin pie soda
I got Jack Black's scarecrow berry soda
which is a scary buttery strawberry jam
soda buttery yeah next up we've got this
Portuguese blend which is a pineapple
mint leaf soda and this one doesn't look
too tasty honestly it's a teriyaki beef
jerky soda and there's chunks in here
like it is nasty and for our final soda
we have a chocolate covered maple smoked
bacon soda we start with this guy oh
sorry Jack Black Ray hike whoa why at
first you can taste the fruit and all
sudden it just hits like butter I don't
know who would really buy this under the
cap it says two toasts Jack Black you
say skull and your friend says
crossbones skull crossbones Oh Jack
Black hope you're proud whoa it's a
orange Thanksgiving
Oh poo
so maybe we would like addicted to
pumpkin pie
what oh my gosh that is disgust to get
this out of here
now all right chocolate-covered bacon
maple-smoked this is gonna get nasty
Oh what uh it's like red yeah it was
like goal hey Rock is a huge chocolate
this is like liquid Eastern clearly the
idiot to make this stuff their taste
buds are defective that's all I know
whoa what there's like a big chunk I
know you guys probably can't see this
maybe though it looks like a worm we
gotta pour that whole thing out to see
what that is
looks bad oh dude Oh urine a new furnace
is good to eat well what's wrong pretty
much soda challenge I was gonna breathe
beep beep it's what's for dinner oh oh I
can't wash that no not any chance Oh
what is in this so me take a poo in this
lake
what this is you see that oh I just put
in the dumpster I am NOT oh my gosh I'm
telling you there's no way we could have
finished that like that's that's some
pretty rancid stuff oh I am shot Rama so
um Aaron's here replacing Andrew
temporarily he's going to be trying the
teriyaki beef soda give it it oh gosh
yeah that's nasty
Oh nuts
anyways thanks for trying it now be gone
real life Erin Sykes welcome back thanks
now I'm just gonna open this I don't
want I don't know drain your cells
part for it oh we are pineapples benefi
just taste like to please I'm going to
say this tastes like a swimming pool
aftertaste
not that good just wow just pick this
over here yeah dad
we wish dad what I told us he was making
root beer would have been nice of him
maybe he's somewhere at a root beer
factory dad I think a couple of tweeted
us finding this as well so we have at
least one good drink guys so that's why
this isn't that bad
we just thought you guys would like it
because it says dad's dad's root beer
I just noticed the that this Jack
Black's drink has some funny sayings on
it it says it's from the ghost of the
Earl of Sandwich thanks dads anyways not
available in the South Sandwich Islands
what is your favorite drink juice one
good so if you want to prank your
friends maybe try the beef jerky soda
the beef drinker see you next time
