Gator what's up bro um I just want I
know you're working right now but I just
want to let you know that the party
tonight's at the pop-tart house and if
you want to come things might get a
little crazy the mom's gonna be making a
whole batch of taquitos Oh excellent and
so it makes me feels like ya know she's
gonna be making tons I mean I just I
wanted to let you know I don't know if
any of these people are your boss but
it's gonna be that thing you think
you're gonna be there it's great thank
you classic Gator man I'll see you there
hey is there exist a manager - we do
your pledge we do the pledge it didn't
work the first time for the frat wish
but the thoris Sigma I think yeah your
guys's pledge didn't work I need you
guys to do right now it's actually
really easy pledge my dear Sirs had to
stand up and say I like sandwiches and
then spike down what is this for I just
told you it's a pledge for the fret
yours didn't work the first time he I'd
do it again when one guy in our frat his
name's goof bag
mmm-hmm he actually brings a lot of the
pepperonis to the parties
with the pepperoni it's the sandwich
material yeah we're just making YouTube
video oh my god are you guys cool with
being in the video yeah tell us what the
spoon I am so sorry about last night
rugs what no I'm so sorry Bella I did
not know I could do that to the toilet
like aren't you present spoon know what
people may who are you thank coming
we're spooning Oh ladies aren't you guys
part of uh was alpha-alpha Pinterest
herpes right what does a shorty is this
a joke what is this no I was wanted I
was gonna ask you guys I'd come to the
ER happens I party at the pop-tart House
later
oh god I can't wait that's great yeah
she's a-comin I like the chase really
yeah totally yes there's gonna be off
the chain you're just filming a video
he's in the bookshelf yeah yeah are you
coughing in the video yeah sure I just
googled it
you could google Alpha Delta Omega let's
go buddy yeah I'll be up this Wednesday
and I guess you'll be in a cool I'll
check it out right on it so my main man
Charl pickles oh okay well anyways huh I
just want to come apologize so we got
off on the wrong foot and there's you
well yeah because if we were in the frat
together but we made the boys were
thinking we'd let you back in is that
cool yes
yeah but you just there's one thing you
got to do first you got to stand up and
do the pledge oh yes sir it's quick you
should I stand up and say I love
mozzarella sticks I know we need to know
that you just do it you can be back in
it's not worth it yeah we're dying
without you dude
school now have a new friend I think oh
that's a sucky friend we need our jar
old pickles back don't dill don't Peck
all right well I'm sorry we had to split
ways man okay yeah you too
we're just making a YouTube video oh are
you okay
wait were you okay yeah I was really
confused for a second there I like it
you cool if being in the video yeah
absolutely did you did y'all make the
video with like following you yeah
people those hilarious oh you saw that
really like though it's not sick okay
yeah you're right we're check the video
but the you right away but that's
because I'm pretty sure you guys came up
to me the other day too
really oh yeah I think so when you you
fell or something but yeah all the
videos are working at that time oh right
yeah you're out there it yep
the video I guess are you well I'm not
I'm not that goofy honestly yeah but I
definitely should watch them more that
if that's what you do
yeah I
