good afternoon birthday cakes wanna know
why could you birthday cakes it's Mary's
birthday today
happy birthday yeah what you want to do
for your birthday
take it away where are we date
karttikeya
add to that dee dee he's trying to say
that's chucky cheese that's what Mary
want to do for a birthday we're at Chuck
E Cheese with Isaac but I don't know
who's more excited me or Isaac to be
honest
Trekkie cheese is one of my favorite
places on earth so here we are
chucky cheese is raining outside so we
have to do inside activities just
perfect for chucky cheese oh heck yeah
there you are buddy
basketball
fire almost plenty big money big money
we want that one
Oh 15 15 15 oh it's time to race it's
gonna be me inverse Isaac kind of Mary
you can't reach the pedals so he needs
extra legs where does it Tokyo wow this
is epic I'm driving so have oh my
goodness
there's Isaac up ahead we gotta catch
him oh heck yeah Pizza has a ride
are you excited are you ready for pizza
I think I've ever seen this before a
Gatorade dispenser and a soda machine
that's pretty cool Am I
try some
are you doing dad
it's tricky
makes me laugh they have this whole song
club doing the Chucky and then teach you
how to do it with your eaters I do the
chicken sounds a lot like doing the
dougie can you do the dougie do the
chunky dougie so I got a fruit ninja
here I want to see if Isaac can play
fruit ninja choose your vein nice get
the free get that through
soon soon cut the fruit double points
cut the fruit cut the fruit now let's go
of case 15 oh no that was a big number
crepes oh yeah number two let's see some
logo
oh hello what's he gonna tell me here's
the offer tickets or no no dear oh yeah
just push it up push it up there you go
tribe turn the wheel
this is a good one if there's no petals
he's Kevin Chucky a hug this rides cool
because you get your picture yeah
finished with our token so we've got
Rovia here 187 we got a chuck-e-cheese
whistle hey what'd you get a sword not a
sward Sing Sing Sing Sing Sing Sing Sing
Sing Sing Sing Sing Sing and some
stickers we're at my house now and we're
gonna do a pinata for Mary's birthday
since it's Cinco DeMayo Cinco de Mary
what we have a pinata
Isaac's very excited whoa easy bud go go
go
no it's not your point I think hey Eddie
it's okay okay oh can you fix it can you
fix it oh man yeah we fixed it it's
candy what you doing Isaac what are you
doing good morning everybody it's a new
day here in rainy Colorado just rain
everywhere see a ttle but um actually
today Mary and I are probably gonna buy
a new car
yeah to replace this one yeah there's
not too many good things to say about
this there's some good things to say
about this car
none of them start with the words I love
all right guys so we just closed our
sale on our new family member nobody
yeah we got a nice chevy cruze who's
excited who's excited I'm excited I'm
excited
it's a RS so it's you know it's pretty
good be honest well here's the inside of
the car this is the steering wheel it
comes with equipped with one of those
it's very powerful it's got two vents
that's a nice touch
it's also got two cupholders that's
pretty cool but yeah then it's got this
if you ever just want to like peek
outside or you know let it rain inside
if you're feeling like you want to take
a shower like I was saying this here to
pretty much replace Mary's car which is
this is Mary's car it's kind of in the
world so she gets a nice upgrade this
papal car
mary has to go to Boulder now because
she has two finals to take so she's
taking the new car and I used to drive
this guy yeah baby
well that just about does it for today's
vlog thanks for watching guys and I'm
just really excited about this new car
yes I've been saving up for a while and
finally was able to buy one it's always
fun saving up going to buy something
like a car or something small like video
games there's - anything really which I
want to ask you guys there's probably
some of you out there that are saved
enough to buy something I kind of
curious what it is are you maybe you're
saving up to buy a car video games or
new pants I don't know but whatever it
is I'm just kind of curious like what
you guys hit up for so it's always fun
to save up and get those goals let me
know and we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
