hey lemons welcome to another day here
on more Jase - I'm here with Andy hey
guys what are we doing today bro well
we're trying to think of a prank to do
so we're going to the mall to possibly
buy some supplies yeah because the mall
has so many stores many options to buy
things and we were just earlier today
looking through some of our older videos
to get inspired and we think we have a
really good idea of what we wanted to do
for this prank so let's go and show you
what we had in mind
here's a good idea
these this store is epic though we've
been here before on other blogs but it's
just got tons of gaming's and toys and
really random stuff and here we are this
is what we want they have so many
puppets if you guys seen our first
puppet prank look at all the characters
they have like princess doctor
cheerleader so they have a few different
colors if this guy this guy which were
probably gonna get both got what we
needed at the mall and we just took a
quick quick pit stop at this the popcorn
candy place that we went to last time
Kohl's
yeah we got some weird flavored sodas
that we're gonna try for a challenge I
guess I won't show it to you yet
you have to watch the challenge to see
what we do we have made it to a pranking
destination the University of Colorado
at Colorado Springs aha now this is a
very big campus so oh that's the library
by the way we did our loud eating in the
library right there guys so you guys
watched our fan mail video a lot of you
were leaving comments saying please try
pop rocks and library well we always are
reading the comments and we want to
comply with your comments so look what
we bought we're gonna give this a try
today this isn't gonna be the prank but
we're just gonna see how it works so we
got a few pop rocks and
this should be fun guys thanks for
leaving all those comments it inspired
us to give it a try
are you ready oh yeah whoa there's a so
many freakin kids here it's nuts just
get out of the car and I wanted to I
found this car here I guess this is
where they put their kids on the way to
school
they got car seats though they're safe
yeah I don't have room in the back so
just from on a trunk Oh stickers on it
no let's to eat go home yeah they don't
go anywhere back home from Andrews
pranking sorry we didn't film much in
the library we just we when we're
pranking we usually don't vlog because
it gets kind of strapped in but look
outside right now look how much it's
raining right now I wish I guess ah
flags anyways me and Brittany are
getting ready to go to the gym welcome
bingo oh yeah I wanted to do a point out
I don't know if you guys saw my
Instagram post about viga but I know
it's funny how like if near Andrew post
anything like that we like or that seems
like all this is an ADD everyone like it
like gets all mad at us like um anyways
for anybody who didn't see it I got this
viga sport stuff me and Brittany got
this Vegas sports stuff this is like
definitely our favorite protein out
there mainly because it's plant-based
and it's very good for you there is like
literally barely any ingredients in here
and considering that this is just
plant-based there's 25 grams of protein
in this I don't know if you guys work
out but I used to use this stuff I think
a guy I got at Costco a while ago it
tastes really good but once I was
introduced to viga like I am NOT getting
any of that anymore
and like this stuff is incredible like
SC berry and then this flavor is
actually mocha so this should be really
good we also picked up a few of the
vegan protein bars as well just for
snacks
me and her are trying to eat a lot
better and he gets perfect because all
it is is plant stuff and plants organics
good for you for any of you out there
who think I'm getting we are getting
paid to promote viga you are incorrect
we just like the product and if you guys
work out and want to try the product I
can give you a discount code if you go
to their website and order any any of
their products you just put in j stu
studios at checkout look just like this
you get 20% off and free shipping I
reach out to them and was like hey our
fans might be interested in trying you
guys out so maybe if you guys give me a
code to give to you guys that'd be
awesome and they said yes so let's head
on to the gym so I've been talking
forever I get carried away sometimes
but yeah yeah that's good do you think
that vitamin C like where's the
emergency oh yeah that's good good we
also have this lock on her door because
since the homeowners of this condo is
selling it we've had been having like
showings like the past three days in a
row so we have to keep it like very
clean just nice
like we're in Seattle right now
have you told them about your car
situation I had this much data for a
meal
for a long time
like two years I think I'm a deferral it
does seem like I've had it for a while
my other car if I don't even know if I
had it it vlogs it was a white like
little acura integra like my steering
wheel is no kidding
metal it didn't have an airbag at all so
we are in the crash light Facebook just
literally smack up against the metal bar
right immediate death back seat there's
a giant metal bar going across like
right behind where your head is so
and it was awful so basically what we're
trying to get at it is time for Justin
to pamper yourself and
just like that back in the car really
good workout just worked chest today it
was really nice and I'm just trying this
new flavor the the mocha and it doesn't
even taste much like a protein drink it
just takes tastes like a mocha like
coffee drink like from me I'm not very
good at protein shake drinker like this
one is not chalky at all I get to
literally taste is that creepy yeah so
very happy right now
just got to go back home and chillax for
the rest of the night it's about 8:45
still raining so early though I know
well see you later
