good evening pickles how's it going so I
forgot ok I brought my vlog camera right
now we're at the sky Sox baseball
stadium
I brought my vlog camera but completely
forgot I was charging me the battery for
it and did forgot to put it back in the
camera so that's where that is right now
so I have to use my phone which which
will do but just I'd let you guys know I
it might look a little different for the
game bro yes they just got a home run
and we missed it
we got our tickets early right andis
gonna spin the wheel and sky socks fun
I hope you win a prize you never mind
about spinning it's a dollar - it's too
much for me need snacks yeah so what
just happened Andrew we entered to win a
thousand bucks and they gave us a towel
so I guess we'll see if we were in a
thousand bucks
that's my Talib bud no that's you that's
you he's really happy to be here my name
is it who is that my name he washes the
vlogs
it's starting to rain so we're gonna go
look for some snacks now and with Isaac
came along as well
pretty nice out here but I mean besides
the rain this is this is great have you
guys seen my dad by the way yeah have
you seen my dad
I see if Ellen see ya while we just saw
while they clean up the whole place
they've this fun zone here hey Joe what
is going on here this is the fun zone
all this looks so fun I wish I could go
but he's not big enough to on the slide
so we just got a little bit of pretzel
leftover from Mary's brother thanks
grandpa
anywhere Oh maybe down there sometimes
he just wanders off it's really annoying
but so grandpa's which way down south
have you guys seen my grandpa
I can all Amen us
okay
and you just said that guy was gonna be
hitting a home run and it happens in
psychic
okay so we just got this deal if they
win by ten runs or more we have a free
specialty chicken it's just what they
scored
now it's time for fireworks
for fireworks Hey
so thankfully my memory on my phone ran
out right when basically the fireworks
were over so it's like perfect timing
that that all happened but I hope I'd
never forget my blog camera again just
because I don't know I like quality on
this way better than phone and I don't
know it just annoys me that I had to
film on my phone so yeah but since this
is a little shorter
I remembered me and Andrew vlog the
other day and I couldn't figure out
where to put it so I'll show you guys
what we did right now it's from when we
uploaded the frat bros prank me and
Andrew are at jcpenney this morning
because we're working on a another new
prank as you know we do weekly pranks
you guys know that I don't think they do
that well why don't you tell them what
we are actually doing today for the
prank oh we're doing like funny
nicknames but with a twist you got to be
kidding me what yeah so we're looking
for clothes that basically kind of look
like a frat frat bro like fraternity
like and those type of guys wear a lot
of polos yeah like these $12.99 precisa
and we both got our khakis so this is
gonna be perfect
I want this jacket though whatever this
is isn't is sick so this basically is a
style we're going for today the frat boy
kind of cold outside so that's why we're
doing pants and sort of Schwartz
but this shirt will do
my main man Slurpee what up bro
you know what up man I'm gonna do the
frat party later bro yeah I'll come to
the frat party
I I wanna be there yo I just need to get
my my polo shirt on and then I'll be
fully that's ready for we need to go try
these on come on guys come let's go man
just arrived at Colorado College got our
shirts and you got our sunglasses here I
have like a ton of sunglasses so we're
gonna choose a pair to wear for the
video what no I don't know why dude yeah
good style yeah blue blue oh man yeah oh
man this white though so yeah
you ready let's go hey guys today we're
at rocking hey guys today
just a little short snippet for you just
to keep you entertained the guest for a
little longer but I have a question for
you guys so we have a ton of like extra
slash behind the scenes from pranks
we've done
I wouldn't know in the future should we
upload that separately should we like
make a separate video on more days to do
of like just behind the scene or just
extra clips and reveals from pranks or
should I incorporate them into the vlogs
like I don't know do you guys prefer do
you have a preference or like just let
me know in the comments should we do
either either one oh yeah and Britney
wasn't able to come to the Sky Sox game
because her eyes it was really windy out
and she needed to keep him rested and
everything but we're definitely gonna go
to another game soon or she will come so
that'll be fun
and we'll see you soon
