good morning pears hello what are you
doing in my house no get out give me the
boat this is my boat look at me look at
me all right moving on we are opening
some more packages today that you guys
sent us we have a few letters here in
some of these and two boxes joke jumbo
honestly I'm really scared to open some
of these boxes because I feel like
whoever keeps sending us these Japanese
snacks we can't try them they're so bad
some of them if it's not that bad we'll
try it okay so we're going to start with
the letters here first and then move on
to the packages you want to start yeah
this is G does my name is Joseph
I'm grade four Wow I'm writing this
letter to you because I really like your
prank from YouTube my favorite prank is
loud in the library thanks man
thanks to the letter I just want to
point out his name it's really cool
it's a jo z I see a Joseph Joseph I'm
Joseph that's a Canadian name that's
cool man thanks for the letter this next
letter is from Kelsey and it looks like
she's from Pueblo Colorado I used to
actually live in Pueblo Kelsey and look
at this letter look how fancy that is oh
he's got a chicken gonna chicken nuggets
I know how like little like sings on
them Oh a little the ball down D
foundation oh yes
hey guys my name is Kelsey and I am 13
years old I live in Pablo right below
the springs every time my family goes to
the chapel Hills Mall or the Senate eyes
I always hope to see you guys but I
never do my brother sister and I enjoy
watching your videos they're hilarious
and I hope that you continue making them
look much love from Kelsey and she sent
us 66 cents what is this
sweary drumming oh oh right cool Jase do
flag do you just enjoy I watch your
videos daily
they make me laugh so hard my butt falls
off okay
from your number-one fan Daniel all the
Andy foundation he's got here you got
like 10 11 12 to 14 cents is so funny
how you guys always send us like your
sense in these fan mail I wanted to
point out that we kept the bald
Andy foundation bag from the other fan
mail and that put have like the lines
yeah we've been putting all the change
in this bag to see like how much it adds
up to in a while to Studios on one side
and the Denver Broncos on the other oh
yeah for some epic cards
those are Broncos you learn right here
Demaryius Thomas whoa thanks man
looks like this next letter from Andrew
Zimmer hey hey hey
oh but these are Aaron's what what are
these I don't know what's going on here
what is it though it's like a bag of
guns
a pack of guns 94 99 on it it's two guns
in a knife and that's what the person
saying these are for errand these are
errors
that's all he sent us oh man no words
well thanks Andrew hi this is from Dan
I'm from New Hampshire hey I've been a
huge fan you guys for a while now ever
since the squeaky shoes in the library
video I actually discovered you guys
from your old roommate Kevin aka I sexy
yes yes you guys keep following your
dreams and becoming famous actors and
comedians also keep making more pranks
and vlogs sincerely Dan hey Andy go ball
one day yeah thanks Dan and he put this
in here is hilarious
Andrew come look where I put it
that's fun oh dear Andrew and Justin I
always see your vlogs I love them but I
don't know why anyway keep on the good
work PS I dare you guys to sing Merry
Christmas at the mall yes I dare you
who's that from just from lose Lopes I
think it's just a note like Lopes he's
from Denver Colorado huh well thanks for
the note I don't know if we're gonna go
sing Merry Christmas just yet please
read on video okay
it's nice type letter here from whose is
from Jake my name is Jake I've been
washing bits for about a year and I'm 12
years old
well I just turned 12 all I'm 12 years
old just turned 12 on April 22nd oh wow
see the date he wrote was on the 23rd
just turned Wow happy birthday man yeah
happy birthday okay Wow we have another
fan mail from Colorado this one's from a
lone tree Colorado if that three today
yeah okay this is so small
hi my name is Isaac Atkins I'm 11 years
old I love your vlogs in every other
video you have made I love like his dad
is in the army but just got sent over to
Kuwait and will travel all over the
Middle East he will be there till about
mid February 2016
geez so since that happened I decided to
cheer up with all of your vids here's my
mom's number
oh continue to watch a video please keep
making awesome vids from Isaac here's
this gorgeous picture in here as well of
Andrew oh my gosh
mmm-hmm a quarter is awesome
hashtag Colorado oh yeah oh yeah an
American flag
oh yes is the best drawing by him in his
eleven years he said he said I think
we're just gonna call your mom since it
says here hello
well see you later
what somebody was listening yeah hey I
think if you're watching this I did give
it a call so your mom just she just felt
like listening today shouldn't really
want to talk good whoa what is this
please open a bar okay I just have my
name is oh it's whale huh my favorite
ones are Twitter port and the sky Zone
episodes for your next choice before you
should bring Brittany Mary and 12-2
before battle that's a good idea
oh hey here's a quarter for the ball
game foundation what we're just getting
quarters all day yes dog Wow that is
sick and then I need to put this a
problem you draw that yeah dang that's a
good can hang out on your Broncos wall
Finn
ah the toilet paper for moving over the
packages this one I think is awesome
because it's from Finland Wow
this better be something good please
meaning if you can't take any more gross
snacks yeah I need some good lunch what
is that
what's a awesome mix how do you say that
a it's big deal to say okay are you
that's amore kami
pan Terry my god
this Panther candy whoa what is that
milk chocolate from Finland yummy I
can't believe this
alright first well not first in a while
but our good can be a stuffed man our
first finish what is this oh and you're
just in your videos are super funny my
name is Alexei Alexei
I'm saying alright and I live in Finland
and I'm 15 years old I watch your videos
every day
and here is bulb Justin say gorgeous it
looks like you just have shaving cream
all of Yuri I know okay we're gonna save
all the treats until the end but thank
you so much I have a bad thing there's
like gummy tarantulas from jelly belly
look there are two different flavors
uh-oh anyways thanks whoever sent these
oh no what is it
it's another it's from Japan so it just
can't be good
anything that says Japan I'm getting
scared it doesn't look that bad hey
Japan you've redeemed yourself for now
but there is like a little ball with
something in it it has it has the
different ingredients part of it it's
like the one part oxygen one part
nitrogen one part carbon so yeah I'm
sure that's what it says
I can read Japanese very well that's all
fifth day that will it's the from the
other guy Wilson Matthias who's that
remember the guy who sent us stellar
candy no yeah oh the other Japanese
candy oh okay okay
what is it Oh kind of concerned to show
this to the viewers really yeah this is
from Wilson Matthias as well huh this is
probably from Lee as well
what is it
it's a wiener cleaner sofa I'm concerned
with what's in this box now huh candy
crate now this is what we want you are
prepared to see what's in here oh I am I
promise is it Donuts Oh jacket Edie
oh my uh Matthias you have totally
redeemed yourself Wow we have all the
candy out holy nuts Oh Sofia where did
you just save before oh yeah I was
saying this is basically like Halloween
this is nuts
what yeah we don't even need to go
trick-or-treating if we got this box and
now that we got all the boxes sorted out
we're going to start by trying this
Finland candy
remember it quite fruity that's hair
joint is good now try a black one okay
ah I'm not sure what to expect
what the heck never mind no fruitiness
just tastes like a medicine pill or
something yeah it tastes like a holes I
don't know who would buy this just to
like snack on okay this next up we have
the Karl fazer I don't know what that
says if that's even what it says now
that ain't good I like the Karl yeah
good job Finland on the chocolate
martini alright right out hey hey is it
good no it tastes like some weird herbal
tea with like weird plums and our pet
tarantula
yeah actually looks like kind of real
okay now it's like gummy bears hey
that's good then obviously we're not
gonna be eating all this so I just let's
try that abba-baba-baba gaba I don't
have a let's give this a try here oh now
we've all had pop rocks before that I
just want some dry here sounds like I'm
cooking bacon in my mouth annoying the
heck out of people with POC rocks in the
library Oh
anyways thank you to everybody who sent
us us stuff today we really appreciate
it
and we're glad it wasn't terrible stuff
this time although we don't really eat
that much candy anymore honestly it's
still cool that we got all this stuff
and thanks for the letters too if you
couldn't send like a whole box of candy
that's okay because your letter what's
awesome we'll see you next time good bye
