so this is Christmas oh hey guys welcome
back to the vlogs didn't see you there
who remembers when we did hide and seek
in model homes and now we're gonna do
some more funny things in model homes
Adri bring I just love model homes guys
we got our backpacks we got a ps4 and
this guy or we have a TV because today's
challenge playing ps4 video games in
model homes can we do it I think we can
so
Andrews got the ps4 I got the TV it
looks like we got two model homes here
wait whoa
these are big ones too and it doesn't
look like anybody's here so our goal is
you got to try and find a good spot to
play see if it works hopefully they have
good Wi-Fi to hurry get over here
like I said we gotta find a spot before
anybody gets in here before any
customers come whoa this house is huge
man we could have brought our pots and
pans and made us some lunch Oh always
anybody else in here downstairs yes this
one this is a real-life TV it's not a
fake one yep oh yeah oh is this the
meeting room yeah okay we do if we hear
someone come in should we like try and
find a hiding spot so like we can run it
yeah we need to find a good spot I'll
hide out like a escape zone what's in
here huh much unused space look let me
get right dude
they're plugs back there no plugs just
amazed think it's not very big but look
over here it leads to more maze mode
this is a good maybe a good area
there's the closets here would you find
what Wow guys dude it's the pink room of
fun you climbing here yeah
what does this boys like concrete it's
like a crawlspace I think Oh monster
food that's a good hiding spot in here
we both could fit if someone comes if we
have to we will we can even see the
front door from here right up there okay
okay I think I got a plugged in thing is
in yeah HDMI - is this going to work
please work they got to successful so
it's not insane fast but I think we're
online let's try
you gotta move up now boy yeah check it
out
logging in we're playing for tonight our
first time ever playing video games in a
model house we can do a test in case
someone comes like what's the procedures
or someone opens the front door
we hear the front door up and here's the
plan you were gonna go under here I
think so
get out Boyd what are you doing my foot
stuck just get out Wow
I love this basement Oh angel want me to
go upstairs and see if there's any
snacks in the fridge yes usually a model
house homes they have like water and
stuff sometimes
Lucroy I need some water water okay
nobody's coming where's the fridge what
there's beef jerky that's it that's in
here oh we have microwavable meals and a
working microwave this is the second of
their model homes and the other the
other first model home is usually them
not a home that has like drinks and
stuff
I can hear Andrew all the way up here
what what I told him I may have to check
the first house that fridge only had
beef jerky and microwavable meals beef
jerky
yeah but can you believe this we're on
we're playing online right now folks
we're in a model home playing for big oh
don't worry don't worry ma'am we're a
part of the model home exhibit yeah
we'll give you a tour right after this
round we're actually they hired us to
like act like we're living here and show
how much we enjoy this type of home
right Andrew found a villain quick hit
him you lose well you still got a lot of
help oh you're building a staircase now
first to get sex yeah okay we're just
gonna leave this here watch some
customer comes in is like oh yes money
live here get inside get inside I love
this fireplace just on their porch I
want that so bad at my house model homes
are weird it's kind of like you're going
into someone's home yeah
oh yeah okay no we yes thank you
you wanna keep yes you can have one
thank you mmm mmm they have chick-fil-a
sauce did it dis chick-fil-a deliver
I better was a good mission we went on
spice oh I think we could live here
we're ready to move in
holy cow we got chips we got cereal we
got pasta for dinner we got beverages
and cookies let's play a quick game I
Zeke you can't hide upstairs somewhere
okay
you get 30 seconds okay one-mississippi
two-mississippi three-mississippi
30 ready or not here a cam make sure to
check it in here's you learn that from
the last high and see you can fit in
these little cabinets
I fit yeah go find you I'm gonna find
him
whose air Oh Oh Dale
Oh someone parked here maybe they're
still talking to the ladies in there
hurry still seems to be no sign of
anybody okay guys this first one was a
success we got to play it on the big
screen but for this next house we're
gonna try and find a new house and
actually a hiding spot where we can put
the small TV we bought instead of using
their their actual TV this guy cuz then
we can find out a little foreign what we
won't have to have worry about like
keeping the volume down or having to
look up at the stairs to see if they're
coming we found another model home
there's actually like three of them here
sneaky mode activated guys office is
right over there - OH
yes they always had snacks
Oh sorts if this is the end finish room
Wow I don't know Oh guys this one has a
yoga studio we moved to a different
house and actually some other customers
just walked in so this is gonna be
intense yeah this one's nice look we got
the man cave cool table should we hide
because yeah they literally walked in
mind as a week oh that's cool
there's the stairs guys I think they're
coming down soon so we're gonna decide
right here we're gonna see is here I
don't think so cos we're kind of like in
the corner but should we just sit on the
couch yeah we should just act casual
okay they're coming
we got both support there we go you've
got the QV guys sandwiches ps4 outlet
fun yes
give me my sandwich it's a spy zone
there's one down here too yes
level up mission accomplished I've
always wanted to eat something in a
model home and play video games so wall
mission success so far we eat our snacks
play some games now we have to escape
what hello guys
oh my gosh we need this it's a whole
thing to cook you know yes dude imagine
if we could bake cookies is that
possible in a model home
I don't know but guys leave a comment
right now of what you want to see us do
next in model homes yeah we need some
ideas all sorts ideas I like cookie
dough but quick story time go well if
you've never been in a model home
there's always like a real estate agent
or whatever they're called somebody who
works there yeah so like you're saying
that other there's two guys in there and
they were looking at the house and
apparently when they went back upstairs
they were talking to the lady and we
talked to her before him yeah because we
talked to her after just saying hey
thanks for letting us you know see the
house and she was like yeah those two
other guys they came up here and they're
like I don't know what those guys are
doing down there and she was laughing
about it we're like oh okay
so when we saw them those two guys when
we saw them we weren't doing anything
like out of the ordinary we're just
walking around trying to be like casual
but I guess it didn't work well guys
like you mentioned before leave a
comment we will be looking at them
what's their comment ideas for the next
moment what they want best care okay
model homes are fun so you heard it
first
leave a like we'll see you back here
tomorrow folks
