good morning waffles today is a very big
day for miss Brittany here oh and why is
that well I don't look good right now
because I can't wear any makeup this
morning I can't even wear makeup for
like oh I think like a week um but I
look beautiful though thanks but I am
NOT going to be a little wear these
anymore oh my gosh as you know we said
this another vlog we're heading up to
Denver to go to this LASIK place and
she's getting her eyes I lasered fixed
so she doesn't have to wear glasses or
context anymore it'll fix her vision and
I'm hoping to let let me film some of it
if not we'll still be up some some
things
oh and after about an hour drive we're
here
the nerves kicking in Britt don't worry
you got this sister
and we just gotta take the elevator up
to the 12th floor this is a big moment
we both got a vlog it
I'm feeling really nauseous right now
yeah that's okay and just right over
here
bye
I guess while I wait I
I'm going to edit the vlog so I brought
my computer and please enjoy an apple
yes and then this delicious water well
so that guy over here
the telescope
that's epic
oh yeah we're on the twelfth floor so
the views up here are superb
look at that
don't worry about the real life
are you feelin Oh and that was hot that
was what it was kind of hard began fine
back in the car Brittany has the surgery
duh what's going on
well don't judge me cuz I look like I
look like a number two on a scale of 1
to hot oh my gosh because oh it was like
it was really good but it was so scary
like the first laser cuz I CLE flip you
around the first laser were like they
cut the flap open on your eye was so
difficult for me I'm still drugged but
you did it and then she's got these nice
shades so we're heading home now I'm
gonna just relax she's got to take nap
and chill for a little bit and watch TV
half an hour TV oh I guess I'll be
watching a lot of TV nicely yeah but I'm
so glad you got it done so happy for you
no more glasses no more contacts Oh rock
on but let's go back down now so we just
got to my parents house and we're going
to be staying here tonight because
they're way closer to the Denver LASIK
eye surgery center and we need to get up
early in the morning to go back for a
checkup so we thought we're just going
to stay here so save us some driving
time and sleep time but Britney's down
here sleeping so I'll be having quiet
Brittany has been napping for a little
bit now we got some pizza how you doing
over there
yeah it's been a little rough burns real
bad so it's just by tomorrow it should
be completely better and healed and
everything so Teddy what are you doing
no Britt's eating ice cream now oh and
doesn't she look like like a superhero
with those glasses oh don't judge me
okay III actually want a pair like that
it looks you can probably have these oh
so yes yeah 100% yes you will think I
look so good yeah okay I have to feed
her though cuz these are obviously dark
and you've been giving me the biggest
bike f can I have like half that size
yeah very good bringing fries here we
are back home and it's the next day uh
Brittany got a ton of rest yeah and I
wanted to ask you how you're feeling
what are you doing right now
cleaning must be you don't need to be
clean enough
no but I'm good I just like my eyeballs
um one of my eyes has like a scratch on
it from surgery cuz I had my post-op
appointment this morning but other than
that I'm pretty solid here like how do
your eyes feel now like you can have
them open pretty much right yeah they're
open but I mean they're still kinda
sensitive oh yeah we went got lunch
earlier out about so as you can see the
surgery has I mean it doesn't really
like affect you too much it's just like
like you're able to do things now our
front of it for the most part yeah it's
just like wind like really bothers it I
cannot catch my eye at all like rub it
you can't do any of that I can't have
makeup on for a week so yeah well not
bad and every like four to six hours we
have to put in these eye drops for her
which
I don't know what all this means it's
this one and then we get these and I
pretty much have enough ID Rex team
Phillip whole senior senior and we uh
these are just um preservative free
eyedrops you should do those same by the
way bt-dubs
okay well let's go ahead and do it
Oh anyway thanks for watching today guys
the new prank is up so if you haven't
seen it yet go over to our prank Channel
and you can check it out whoever gave
this chocolate thank you so much I love
you thank you you should bring me more
she's very happy as you can see haha
so I know right but uh yeah I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out
