good afternoon fries what's up guess
what we are doing today it is something
so exciting you won't even know how to
handle yourself but you're probably do
you know what it is by the thumbnail and
tie it on everything but there's this
thing called the lantern festival and
I'm not quite sure what it is don't you
laugh at me yeah so it's I don't even
know what exactly it is it's like you
light a candle and this these things go
up in the air and there's 8,000 people
gonna be here so it's gonna be crazy
cool so I'm gonna be filming the whole
experience for you I'm hoping it's not
too loud over there because there's
gonna be a band there's gonna be loud
people over the place and it's kind of
windy out so I don't know do you think
the scenery is just gorgeous yeah that's
just kind of blank out here Hey
we're out in like fountain Colorado like
it's near Pueblo and Pablo's like the
desert out here but you know I actually
used to live out in Pueblo West which is
way over there it's just desert
blackness yes
what the heck is this just that to get
in here or what apparently there's like
eight lines the wing dad only thought
there are supposed to be a few hundred
people here yeah you're a little off
almost there
we've been waiting here for like 40
minutes already and like look at the
line over here guys
it just goes guys we are finally out
here and I swear
it smells like camping out here but
everybody's sitting out here reminds me
of like the I don't know like a good
trailer trailer park or something like
just come walking through here nice
grass here and we got our blanket set up
sweet this we got a live band over here
so we're gonna get a closer look and see
how they sound
are you ready to check out the band
Hannah its what's over there oh we're
talking about I just wanna go see the
band
I can't believe is happening they're
doing the cup song so we have another
guest my name is Kate and Brittany are
doing pictures now on the racetrack
because apparently this has just held on
a giant racetrack so oh that guy's got a
scooter lucky
what the heck are the fire trucks doing
on the racetrack okay those guys sorry
you couldn't stay they just came by and
said they watch our videos so I just put
them in although you couldn't hear
anything back thanks for watching bros
lucky they got marshmallows and Fire I'm
gonna dare Hannah
to go do vlogging with strangers Hannah
you surprised me since when she's got
that pranks to blood and her no fear
guys I am so excited for the festival
you guys excited how's it going it's
going good bro yeah
all right so you guys alright now we got
marshmallows we got three Schwartz ready
Brit
we're just waiting till it gets a little
darker before we
let off the lanterns but people already
letting off lanterns for some reason
like she's already lady it's not time
yet guys and rich is enjoying us more
heck yeah now it's time to decorate the
lantern what are you doing here I don't
know writing happiness that's a very
good word
I should go decorate nine so cliche
all right guys are ready for my
inspirational quote I wrote on my
balloon or whatever this is I like cool
snacks that's insane
is yours gonna fly really high ah darn
it
two minutes away from launch
and here's what it looks like so far and
here they go
holy crap Wow look at this guy's
you just gotta wait our turn
we are the people
this is your 2015 highschool Lantern
nice we're trying to figure out how to
get out of here and Oh Gary walk like
everybody doesn't know how to get out of
here
we went from all the way over there to
here and there's a just a fence so
everyone ends up walking all the way
around I know
yeah there's no exit sign no lights
Hannah thinks it's hilarious
it is really funny okay know what you
said what did you say it was like
leading us to the slaughterhouse but
we're like cows well we went through a
freakin bars being that's like this big
we're all in like formation like this
way yeah where are we going Hannah
people are dumb they're climbing the
fence and it leaves nope yeah there's
just like a big ditch right yes yes it's
a trap can we have a fireman come tell
us where it's like a zombie apocalypse
out here we decided to wait till the
crowds died down and we're gonna chill
by the fire that sounds a lot better
let's take a close-up look at this fire
that is just beautiful keV enjoy 15
seconds of looking at the fire with some
beautiful music
humma finally cleared it cleared up for
us to leave then we come out to the
parking lot we've been out here for a
while walking up and there it should
cars everywhere I swear it so I got haze
out here there's only one exit as well
so thank goodness we parked here so we
can get out quicker I mean they
purposely just gave that a job of
standing in front of the car so many
people are trying to direct traffic and
it's failing all right it's the morning
now and we've got a nice akyurek here
and I just remembered a fan his name's
Sean I remember he sent us this in our
fan mail and I completely forgot about
this so I'm gonna try it in today's
coffee they have like a ton of flavors
in here caramel vanilla and just some
other ones I don't really know what time
so let's give it a try here
okay now I'm not quite sure how much to
put in there so
oh wow Oh some good coffee right that
man penguins I guess I'll let you guys
go hope you enjoyed this vlog I
definitely would recommend the lantern
festival of 's just going to events er
be an awestruck with life it was so cool
and we have some awesome plants for
summer gonna be going to a lot more
events and if there are any events out
there that you think we should go to
leave it in the comments below any
festivals any anything of the sorts that
you want to see us go to and filmer for
you guys leave it on comments below and
we'll see you tomorrow please
