hey guys hook back to more DC we are
here to do another challenge and if you
saw the last challenge which you
probably did you give us this many likes
and we only asked for 1500 bikes what
did we say we do I don't know why we
said this but ghost pepper challenge and
you guys obviously wanted to see us do
that so I have to do it so let's head
over to the beef jerky outlet let's head
over to the Beaver Dam I'm sure that's
here and you can see we came a little
more prepared this time what we got tell
me a little bit about this first we've
got a gallon of chocolate milk usually
we just have regular milk but we thought
why not try a chocolate maybe it's
better I don't know we know water is
worse don't ever do water and we have a
whole box of sugar cubes here which is
very good and powerful apparently sugar
if you eat sugar right after something's
hot it helps tone it down so very much
babies let's just quickly go over what
we got here so what are we gonna do
first we've got this beef Jerky's called
fire be tricky but it's got ghost
peppers it says now with ghost peppers
and I don't know if you guys have the
beef jerky outlet where you guys live
they have tons of flavors and this is
one of the new hottest flavors so we got
it we got the Mad Dog 357 pure ghost
ghost pepper sauce now if you remember
our previous challenge the habanero
challenge we did the habanero sauce
which was about 7,000 Scoville units how
many is this this is about 160,000
school units so does gonna be a lot
hotter to say you top things off we've
got dried ghost peppers the real thing
they're smoked and dried so I don't know
if that makes it worse or
but it says these peppers are a million
Erin we need cups for milk at Erin area
I did want to point out I wore my orange
today which symbolizes heat peppers and
spicy things so I thought it fit the
challenge wall oh here we go okay all
right
okay let's start off with the beef jerky
okay let's just go ahead and try it out
surprisingly has a little kick to it
oh I can handle it for one or two pieces
okay it's on par with the potato chips
really I think the potato chips in the
hole a little tougher I'm definitely I'm
somewhere that not bad I think that's a
good starter pretty tasty I will need a
sip of this real quick yeah see now the
flavor is perfect so I kept having a
Mississippi milk right all right fellas
you got it open all this dude just
swallow fast cheers cheers fellas oh
whoa oh it's game on it is heating up
Wow
just like what we did last time okay you
do that oh my tongue is like no mmm Wow
I need to sit yeah I don't really like
the flavor of that honestly disagree
yeah I burn it dirt
or oh if that sausage this hot Oh nuts
all right who's ready and then never to
its look I should take it break you mad
oh come on fire not going away don't
drive the whole thing what school in 9 1
1 so just a little bit right
my nose is tingly all right cool the
more you chew the hotter it gets
oh I need to clear my system for a
second what does that mean it's like not
huh Oh check I am sweating oh oh I feel
like my lips swelling up my face isn't
that just be one with the hospital well
oh all right you wanna try another one
oh oh oh shucks my - holy crap
ha ha ha
I need more meat turkey huh no holy crap
oh my god call the fire department
whoa ah spikey wow I guess worse over
time
Oh chip are not gonna help I don't care
how huh what the guy's like literally I
can't like okay Hawking hurts okay I can
function normal now all right so we have
two challenges that we're going to do
that are in notation for a next what am
I saying really hot stuff is really
messing with your voice yeah we have a
little we have two ideas for challenges
okay
get this video to 2,000 likes and we'll
do the next challenge we have weird
sodas uh-huh
and we also have hot mustard we've never
done hot mustard before but we found a
ton at the store so give this a vid 2 to
2,000 likes and it'll be either one of
those videos well see you next time I
thought all right thanks for watching if
you guys don't eat these if you guys
have five five giggle only crap whoa oh
oh my Glock what's wrong
