good morning friends how is everyone
doing today I know you can't answer that
but just thought I'd ask
we just got back from the gym we got
early this morning to get a workout in
because we usually like working out at
night but this time we got a morning
workout and right now I am just eating
lunch in some bacon habanero chips with
a nice little sandwich here while
editing the prank cuz we have to upload
in like two hours and I'm just
finalizing everything so yeah um what do
you have in here to eat Brit a beautiful
array of assortment look sweet dreams no
sense hummus salami cheese and so ma
please
sweet also you have some big news don't
you yes I should not be wearing my
contacts right now but as soon as I'm
done with this I'm going to pop these
suckers out because I'm getting LASIK
next week so she's gonna have basically
new eyes and we're gonna film the whole
experience so you get to see if maybe
some of you guys down the road want to
get LASIK done to your eyes so you don't
have to wear contacts or glasses anymore
it's going to be really fun so you have
that to look forward to in the coming
week or so but tonight should be fun as
well because Andrew and me are coming
over we're going to be playing some
games making homemade pizzas it's going
to be fun hey drew here oh and Mary's
here too but
what what are you guys doing we're doing
a Q&A I say goodbye yeah they asked
questions on Instagram and so they're
doing a Q&A so mean and you're stuck out
here all right
people so Marianne I just finished our
first Q&A together how'd you like it
Murr
it was excellent yes it was us awesome
and may I just point out her amazing Oh
murder jacket yeah mana like girl mana
like girl can I have one Oh
Justin's little why your little doesn't
dropped his camp this camera that I'm
vlogging with so one of the flats was in
the way so that's what that shady shady
thing was oh my fix takes good yeah
sorry about that
I literally dropped every bike walking
my father ah yeah every single one so um
but I was going to point out Andy and
Mary our honor frigerator they are
official 917 this year that's right Mary
didn't murid Murray's gettin buried what
are you making well we got a cooked
chicken we're making two types of pizzas
today
BBQ chicken chicken alfredo y'all both
gonna be really good you just have to
wait I got to cook the chicken first
over the land what do we have for sides
what is it oh um we have some serious
salad in this serious bowl strawberry so
strawberry salad vinaigrette
oh yes we're going home
andrew is keeping the couch super warm
for all about justice character that's a
true friend right there
yeah Harris one of the pate says to
barbecue chicken we got some orange
peppers on there cilantro chicken and
then
and this is cooking the chicken alfredo
pizza Oh
as you guys know I used to work at
California Pizza Kitchen so I know a few
things about pizza all right so anyway
how are you good
too bad you got a redneck can you touch
the lemon now you doing dinner has been
served and eaten and now for playing
games
we're playing the sticky note game yeah
I'm trying to read it's trying to focus
haha all right that's who Andrew is
that's who Mary is she has to try and
guess who she is okay and this is who I
am so Andrew why don't you start you can
ask the first question try and guess who
you are okay so you're trying to guess
who is who you are basically the note on
your head that's who you are
so Peter yeah you have to ask question
yes yes or no questions and we answer
them so man no okay there you go you're
getting the hang of it
am i a woman yes am i a man undeterred
but here's what I am this new round and
here's what Andrew is hey you ready to
begin yeah go ahead
me first yeah I did win last forever
yeah yeah you did sir what are we my
human no okay can you see me or things
that you would find in a survival kit
yeah I wasn't paying attention to you at
all
wait but yes do this I were done with
the note game and we're moving on to
this game called Quelf it's really fun
oh wow yeah actually fun she had to go
find a first-aid kit and we actually had
one so she gets to move up right if you
cry
Mary cries she gets two points I'm not
gonna hurt you no no I'll show I compare
thee to a summers day
okay what's your rule card say oh hey
put on your lederhosen it's time to do
some yodeling placed a finger in one of
your nostrils start your dling like you
mean it
and roll the die until you roll three
twos okay I do there's a special rule
you want to know it yeah if you complete
this card successfully all players must
roll the die the player or players who
roll the highest number it may move
ahead two spaces oh that sounds good
if you don't do it you pay the penalty
and have to go back some spaces these
spaces you're already do you want ice
cream
I'm artisan last place winner gets ice
cream by the way never rolled twos
Brittany has to sing a church hymn or
she has to go back three spaces jesus
loves me this I know for the Bible tells
me so
alright Andrew just went and he's a
fiery pieced off gnome yes
my voice my mannerisms and temper must
all reflect that of a fiery little gnome
who just burned a batch of cookies
alright it begins now
can I have some cookies Oh what are you
doing you pat that do hmm you tearing
the seizure thing you posed already what
was it that was the dumbest thing shut
up I burned my cookies I knew that I'd
have to go back three spaces Oh plated
Oh bitch imagine walking into like some
guy's house and that's what's going on
Oh guys didn't know you're coming over
so soon what happened to you
I'm supposed to be a mom that's a good
mom taking a quick quick break from
games to get like some cookies to bake
or something so here it target
we found some cookies and they're
unclear for $1 yeah you know what else
is really good but take this and put on
your wall fire oh oh yeah it's double
chocolate what's your favorite type of
cookie I don't know I like stuff with
butterscotch and butterscotch in my
chocolate chip Pete tickle get you ten
cold cases now the cookies are all done
do you guys want to see him
it's cookie crumbles yeah that can you
stick into the pan so but they're still
good really mm-hmm
no there's yeah oh well what a fun night
that was and I just want to point out
that I really enjoyed hanging out with
them last night because we didn't have
we didn't use any technology didn't
watch a movie did not really our phones
out and it's just nice to get away from
technology in like this day and age
because like we're so surrounded by all
the time so I think you're going to
start doing that more like just putting
the phone down get away from the TV and
just playing games with friends going
out in the wilderness and just enjoying
life without that constant technology
that's forced in our faces maybe you
should try to like ah whose it was just
awesome
and you probably could tell by the vlog
that we're having a good time but yeah
that's about it I think for this vlog
thanks for watching guys I hope you guys
like the new prank I did want to point
out that I saw our new prank has like a
lot of dislikes which doesn't really
anchor me it just kind of like I guess
it annoys me because sometimes I don't
want to say we do pranks because I
honestly just like making people laugh
and I like making myself laugh and my
friends laugh and just having a good
time making other people feel good by
doing goofy things but and random things
by people it's just like weird how some
people just want to click the dislike
button and leave rude comment
because they don't enjoy it I mean I
don't really care honestly but I know
all the true fans who enjoy our sense of
humor enjoy our video so that's all that
matters but I hope you guys liked it and
yeah tomorrow it's going to be a good
video for you guys because we are doing
the Ghost Pepper challenge so make sure
you tune in tomorrow and see you then
sorry for talking your ear off just then
