Wow good morning cereals how are we all
doing today today's weather over here in
Colorado is not too bad as you saw in
last week's but last week's vlog it was
snowy and whatnot but now as you can see
it's not snow anymore but it is really
cold so it's not that nice out and me
and Britt are going over to Grandma's
house with the family tonight or right
now because grandma's making dinner for
everybody just made easy grandmas and it
smells so good in here guys let's see
what is it this is garlic potatoes fresh
I got some salad and rolls Hannah's
coming over too so you'll get to see her
yeah look at Hannah this was our wedding
guys I want to see old pictures of us
here's Hannah for anybody who's been
watching our blogs for a while Hannah's
my sister this is me and Hannah when we
were younger I'm rocking the short hair
me again and my dad's work outfit
getting a little older now right there
I'm rocking the long hair oh this
picture guys I did really blonde hair
before look at that you guys are gonna
laugh at this but this used to be my dad
what grade were you in in this oh my
gosh she's rocking the mower in the
mustache oh wow hello I really love to
Aria when we work no solution dilemma
you see very wall this generous good you
guys like you happy and I came here to
band friend okay well they know they can
kick you I'm making a big one thank and
we got some yeah oh yeah cheering ice
cream so good while we wait for grandmas
noon folks we're here at Hobby Lobby
Hobby Lobby wondering why we're dressed
so fancy today yeah are you so fancy you
don't know why today's prank involves
fancy clothes basically we're just
waiters today and we have a nice with
Bluetooth speaker here that we're gonna
be using so we're gonna go into Hobby
Lobby and see if we can find something
we need one more thing to complete the
outfit so let's go see they got it does
anybody know where Justin's at I lost
him in this aisle somewhere can't quite
find him
what
what they got a lot yeah is it cool by
the way you can get your prom outfit
here for 20 bucks if you want why go to
like a nice like menswear house and rent
your tuxedo you get literally like this
is the same thing 20 bucks and Hobby
Lobby you know what's up whoa but we
found what we wanted right
yeah we need this this is an apron keep
em with pockets there's only five bucks
so that's good that's a good deal
we also noticed they have chef hats here
they have so much stuff I own the chef's
we're yet
chef why are you why are you what could
I give you that to eat for some reason
chef is taking orders at his restaurant
and they have this hat you want to have
that yeah I don't know what it is but
there you go that looks like you're like
a little kid
they even have like little shoes like
here like I never knew they had like all
this stuff like how much of these ten
bucks for like some chill shoes sandals
for a dollar these are a dollar fifty hi
what so this is a pretty good store to
come to if you just want some random
stuff what is it from there your face
your hair yeah there's like reds blues
alright now we gotta try it now that
we've got it see if it has a good size
are you gonna take a real-life waiter
the speaker fits perfectly right there
which is it just got to Colorado College
and this place is becoming one of our
favorite places to prank if you guys
haven't already got the memo we love
going to colleges to prank because
there's tons of college kids and that
ange rage that age that age range is
like the perfect people to prank itself
huh get out the car whoops and this
campus is just huge like there's
students walking everywhere and then
there's the library right there a
Student Center over there a big park
over here so we're very happy that this
college is closed to us and we're not
sure if this parking lot is paid for or
not a lot of people have like tags on
their windows but we don't so we're
gonna be but last time here the security
guy told us apart here for free so
Yeah right check it yeah we get a ticket
I am gonna be peeved
see you like they have one we don't have
that getting miked up this is what we do
folks every time we prank you put tape
on the mic huh and you put it on your
shirt right on the inside so everybody
can hear you or we can all hear him
how's that looks perfect
nope now this part goes in here like
this oh wait here's the brand we use if
you guys ever want to like buy mics a
lot of people always like leave comments
or tweet us like what I like
do you guys use as you can see we're in
the library now and the cool thing about
this library is it's two stories well
actually it goes down another story but
there's this big open area right here
and then you go up there and it goes all
the way around so there's some good
people to get in here
we've been pranking for a little bit now
and there's only like three places and
then usually the park area but not too
many people seem to be out currently all
right guys I'm here to warn you about
something very bad
and important Wow it's overexposed but
I've never had Dutch bros and Justin
says it's like half good half Diet Coke
so I made him try it if it's his first
time here so he gets a free drink
are you serious yeah that's the best
part
I love that I'll call my seats Adam with
that other than that yeah won't be a
nerve log yeah we want some coffee
yeah oh really
yay I'm excited we get to Kokomo regular
yeah all right they're really friendly
here to come visit no not today
yeah I suppose uh you get the pink straw
watch fine no cheaters me
see you later you know okay see ya see
you later see you friends ah
hey Andrew sites so what is your
thoughts that's really good did you guys
hear what we got no what is this it's
like it's like coconut and something
else like caramel or mocha it's pretty
good she gave me a pink straw for no
reason widget wha-what are you right out
of ten though you've had lots of copies
before so it's really good though oh you
hate holy crap how do you compare the
Dutch bros to Starbucks it's probably
superior to be honest boy do I have
something to tell you guys we're taking
home this bag of Walmart goodies just
kidding it's fan mail yeah we have a
couple boxes a couple letters I remember
someone was tweeting us saying you guys
should be a box soon because I want to
throw my letter down there it probably
did because we just checked it this
guy's getting prepared for Christmas
early he found a prime tree oh crap
I love how to make and curved it's epic
yeah it's like a weeping bill is a cue
back home it's time for lunch and for
today's lawn driving a bunch of
leftovers the most random meal F this is
from grandma's right here hates that we
got from another day and homemade
chicken alfredo so enjoy Thanks yes we
just finished up opening fan mail and
got some pretty awesome stuff and some
pretty weird stuff which you guys if you
watched yesterday's vlog you would see
all the stuff we got but alright haven't
vlogged much since that last clip it's
now 1104 Britney made dinner and just
been chilling resting tonight and my
shirts inside out but I just remembered
something
a while ago okay funny story for you
guys I just remembered this a while ago
my mom gave me a call randomly and was
like Justin did you
send something in the mail to Virginia
I'm like no and then she's like cuz I
just got a call from the government
saying that something was sent to your
peel box and they're investigating the
letter currently and I was so confused
because I'm like we never use our peel
box to send like anything we just use it
to pick up mail and then she said the
FBI guy or whoever it was said that some
white powder was leaking from the
package and it turns out that somebody
one of you guys who watches our videos
sent us a fan mail with a shoe ends like
some shoe powder and apparently the shoe
powder was leaking from the package and
it was white and if you guys didn't know
people have tried sending this white
powder called anthrax that was called
yeah anthrax to the government and if
there's poisonous powder and that's what
they thought it was and so they were
taking precaution doing it and so like
yeah my mom was trying to figure that
all out and then she gave me like a call
back saying that it was this little boy
in Virginia who wanted to send us fan
mail so he went over to his neighbor's
house his friend's house and sent us fan
mail through their house through their
address and everything I could just am a
totally imagine like what this like
whoever it was parents getting a call
saying um yeah this is the government
your son has sent some weird substance
to this Peele box so I don't know I'm
just thinking about it I'm like I had
like kind of feel bad for whoever it was
and I hope you didn't get in trouble
I appreciate you the thought of you
wanting to send this fan mail but I'm
sorry didn't get to us I thought I tell
you guys that funny story because it
really entertained me
desti also I didn't tell you guys yet
but we went to the store and got some
peppers for the challenge this Friday so
be you guys better be excited for that
this music is epic it makes everything I
say more epic than anticipated Justin
was trying to explain something but then
this music came on and distracted him
what am i doing alright that sums up
today's vlog guys hope you kept you
entertained and new prank this Wednesday
as always thanks for watching I will see
you tomorrow ok
