ah back in the car because my mom just
called me she checked the peel box
because the peel box is actually like 25
minutes away from us and they live right
by it and she said we have more packages
so we're going to get them just got a
drive and then we'll come back home and
open them up for you
there's gonna be like half an hour for
us but like an instant for you guys
ready
boom and we're back home guys here's all
the stuff we got today got two of these
and four packages big stuff for last so
Andrew why don't you start this has a
sticker on this is the Embassy of the
Republic of Mozambique was that any
money here Oh a few nickels and a guy
we've had Dino boy hey dear the real j
stu studios so i was bored so i decided
to write this letter
i've been a fan since the hilarious
backseat driver video and a hunger
syndrome what wow come on kind of draw
your pranks vlogs after a hard day at
school i'm 14 your videos helped me with
my depression and it just makes me
forget about it thank you for reading
this and keep them keep up the fabulous
work thanks for the letter and i'm glad
we can brighten up your day thank you
for the ball and e donation ah hi this
is my first official piece of fan mail
when i feel sad or at night i will come
in to my room and watch your videos my
favorite videos are your pranks I really
want this letter to be in one of your
videos and it is dude right on dude
thanks Antonia for the letter all right
this next letter is from Josiah hey
Justin this is your best fan I need to
know if you have seen my mom she got out
of her cage so I have not seen it my mom
a long time ago two years ago when she
got out of her cage I need to know where
she is so please help out thanks
PS Hawaii what's on the back my new car
what clan is Aaron in yeah it says my
mom loves your vid where you are in
Drive Thru with the helium so that's
awesome
yes keep up the good print they should
let her Josiah this letters from Connor
from Alaska well says that he loves our
videos and all his friends laugh at his
videos and he hopes we keep making them
for a long time
Connor we absolutely will and then he
drew this j stu studios that's cool as i
can plan I love all the colors you got
here going this is from Alex good ol
Alex do you use these videos I love your
videos I want your vlogs every day and I
watching prints as soon as they're up
yes you guys give me a way to get away
from my normal life and you guys make me
laugh good
I love the pranks that you do in the
library me too the pictures of us but he
has a return envelope so bro you're
getting these back stat the beautiful
pics oh yes especially this one hey that
was for my Instagram then we have a v8
ride oh heck yeah sweet dear Justin
Andrew my name is Holden and I love your
vlogs
hashtag hole a for the lead PS my
birthday is coming up so can I please
have an autograph
you know what Holden we can do that for
you we will send you an autograph
especially because you drew this
excellent drawing here boy a that looks
like a Pokemon ball kind of no so happy
birthday bro and expect a letter from us
soon this has so much stuff in it like
what it's happening where does it begin
what's happening oh there's the letter
this is from Christopher dear Justin a
ninja my name is Christopher I'm 12
nice I subscribed at phone man is too
what oh my god but the ones probably
like nine or something I don't know
yeah anyway I love your pranks vlogs I
make me laughing I'm in a bad mood I
also think Andy should go bald he has
some bald Andy Foundation donations of
51 cents Oh dad boy hey how did you guys
come up with Hawaii I asked my parents
and they did not know what it meant
that's classified yeah they probably
wouldn't know what that means we just
came up with the word just randomly
there's a it was like a sound effect
before it was a word really yeah
who a whore hey hey Dad what does this
mean he just showed him that that's
pretty cool
Jase do the logo nice bro what's the
funnel that's cool dad please autograph
then send back Thanks
that's pretty swag swag good sweat this
yeah Rocco this letter just please read
on video please give two more Jase - hi
guys my name is Tillman the way I found
your channel is searching prank vids I
am ten years old and I ride my scooter
at the skatepark nice
I like your toilet paper for Vince I
made this during school show other note
behind this one I'm in fourth grade yeah
dude smiley face it has a smiley face on
the T wool Justin Andrew J stooge issue
studios dude that's rockin thank you so
much for the letter Killman bro we
appreciate the support so some of you
guys have YouTube channels and you guys
in the letters tell us to check it out
so this is Tillman's channel I just
wanted to see what his videos Hey Oh
videos like six seconds long like that
really I made me last Ian I know I don't
know why you put that up honestly but it
did make oh here's one funny and weird
all right this next letters from Sydney
and our pranks applause you're up when
she's having a bad day epic I just want
to say thank you guys for making awesome
videos and taking the time
your fan mail you guys are one of a kind
never stop making videos yeah Thank You
Cynthia
what'd ya think Sid and she wrote a
letter for Brittany Oh
Brittany's not home right now but I will
give it to her right when she comes home
she's gonna be so happy I know Justin
and Andrew let me first start out by
saying thank you for making your videos
you all whenever our Matt Orsat I'll go
up to my room and start watching her
videos and they will make me happy well
that's super good to hear I love them
and you guys so much I think it is
awesome how you interact with your fans
on Twitter most celebrities won't even
acknowledge you
I have tweeted to you a bunch of times
and every time you guys have
acknowledged me also she said can you
please call me because then I would just
start a dog I don't even know what I was
do and then she lost her number
so Andrew a9o do you want to give Carly
a call yeah if no answer we will leave
voicemail nobody likes to answer our
phone calls hey Carly it's Justin hey
Carly its Andy and we just got your fan
mail and you said to give you a call so
that's what we're doing right now but I
think you're busy Oh see you later boy
but this next letters from Lauren Murphy
he created a YouTube channel cuz we
inspired him to create a prank channel
thank you for the letter he said he sent
one before so this is like his second
letter but he's want to tell us about
his channel and I really hope you had a
lot of success with it bro okay I saw
this mixed letters from Cathy and she
sent us letter before in the last fan
mail video we got a letter from her but
now she wrote letters for just me and
then there's one for just you keep that
you mean now and she gave us a return
envelope so we can send it back and
these letters are pretty big so yeah
this is like two pages oh she's really
upset that she didn't pick up the phone
and we called she wrote a lot of the
similar things in my personalized letter
here
and it's just awesome les you're saying
we're not just an inspiration but
because of how the kids look up to us
and that's important as well which I
thought was very kind of you to say
thanks da this okay I'm choosing this
one because it's from Andrew in my name
is Andrew do a dog just full of good
snacks Oh big letter here - yeah epic
hey hey well Joseph names are Britney
Mary your videos are so funny and I
think your videos helped me out so much
through that time in my life and I feel
like all you guys are part of my life
now because I come home from school and
check to see if there is a new video up
on her channels and Britney's channel
nice and he says that he really likes
art and he wants to work for Pixar
someday so that's an awesome he drew
this for us whoa wait I love the bubbly
Hawaii that's sick dude Justin and
Britney yeah such a me and MERIS oh and
this is just for me but I bought Andy
foundation it's a whole dollar yes would
you please sign these pictures I wanted
to keep close though
thanks for the package man and I hope
things it takes our work out for you
someday okay so this package is very
nice it says don't cut with a knife open
here and don't bend it's a drawing point
eight and then it says Justin and
Britney right here oh that's really cute
but it says keep smiling Jase - I'm
going to send a box of stuff plus a
drawing of Andy soon whoa okay hi guys
love your vids they always make me laugh
both the vlogs and pranks keep it up
from Connor shave Andy's head now No
say hi yeah again all right it's a so
glad God gave us the ability to laugh
true that
oh so really BEC is drawling thank you
so much for sending this
was it Connor now moving on to the big
boxes this is from Amazon its Chinese
what I don't know what these are but
scaring the crap outta me little fishies
what no there's no way I'm trying that
okay what is this I don't know
fish sticks I can maybe try those but
it's a fish snack 90% fish need flour
and sugar ha ha yeah who said this just
there's actual little fishes in here why
would we want to eat this that's so
nasty probably smells terrible alright
moving on this is from gold mine natural
food company so kind of curious as to
what this is huh
what is this it's a pack of tic tacs a
product of Japan okay so this is ohm ohm
a bow she sang with C show huh you show
the front of the package it's authentic
imma Bashi plum balls mmm I don't know
what this is it says recommended for
over 2000 years
Oh mabashi Shawn bring fast relief after
meals and are great for travel to relief
of what that's a good question he says
fast relief this can make you go poop
fully look like bullets of a little
rabbit turds
oh she's like poop
it is this tastes like salt why did you
send this this was a real nasty
I'm kind of scared up in this package
huh first two of it like duds no because
this is from Dani Hong that American GZ
mark corporation sorry for
mispronouncing but is it boat and rice
candy what you having trouble there is
this packaging on all these pieces like
it just sticks to it you can't get it
off
it's like a bunch of plastic you
Japanese people need a upgrade upgrade
from like you have to like peel up you
just get little chunks of plastic like
that not bad I guess something I can
actually enjoy to eat yeah no back just
like regular chewy candy Oh
what the - that is epic
what is this let's uh open it up whoa
sick dear Justin Andrew I am 13 and from
Michigan and I think you guys are
awesome
and I can't express how much your videos
cheer me up why he has a minecraft
server but we don't play any of that
senso game net-net sen sou game named
net so if any of you guys play minecraft
I don't know what that is but it's from
Daniel and then he put um please read
this part off camera so we are going to
read that part off camera but this is
like sick so he sent us gourmet fudge
brownies end up cards
you're going to watch this bro really
appreciate your support and everything
then it's an awesome like thoughtful
gift all right so we're opening this
fish stuff we don't really want to try
it but we just we're not gonna try those
real fish cuz that's just too disturbing
it can't do it I'm sorry I know sorry
guys we'll be around a betta fish no
okay it smells like dad's a girl tell
the fish food that you put in there Oh
sue what is that oh she smells like
oranges they're dried he'll what just
have a bite Oh what is this spit you can
spit it out bro yeah but it's like then
where you eat it's a different flavor
every couple cycles don't barf now I
just noticed it's barbecue flavor was it
I'd have to say absolutely not you can
try try a bite
who would buy these I don't get it
there's some guys like yes fish snacks
see doesn't it change flavors as you
keep chewing Thailand why are you making
this this is just disturbing uh-huh this
is golden dose just making make a note
to self don't ever try Thailand snacks
again no talent snacks ever way okay
listen it smell like a fish Mart uh-uh
dude ill bye
who doesn't this is a the worst how to
eat you can eat directly as a snack or
appetizer si sir that would kill my
appetite to your liking when you toast
lightly before it burned it will be
savory
alright so burnt you just got home and
she's gonna open the letter
those written to whore her hey
girlfriend my name is Sydney and I'm 16
years old I just wanted to tell you how
much your videos helped me to see how
truly beautiful I am at your videos have
truly helped me accept me for me and to
always remember that God made me the way
he saw fit and that he thinks I'm
stunning that's awesome yeah thank you
so much for sending me this like it
makes me seriously so happy to like get
letters from you guys knowing that you
actually you know you watch my videos so
thank you anyways I think that about
sums up the fan mail thanks to everybody
who sent us stuff and I just have no
words to say about those Thailand snacks
those aren't snacks that's torture yeah
no more torture snacks you guys are
maybe sent us good snacks next time
where you want candy like we want Z
littles not GMO candy candy thanks for
watching this episode of more J still
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah see you tomorrow
hmm
