good morning jellybeans how's it going
mean ager just finished filming a
challenge here's our nice challenge shut
up you've seen if you've done a few
videos here and we did this oh my gosh
can't even begin to tell you how crappy
I feel gosh
like who knew just jelly beans would
taste so bad so right now we're
rewarding ourselves with completing this
challenge with this be our guest
chick-fil-a sandwich so I'm very happy
also it's starting to like snow here
this is weird
I'd all want it and here we are folks
and rubella took place and much I just
got a chick-fil-a sandwich and I'm going
with the Buffalo ranch sauce combination
today those are the best done with lunch
is pretty good do you feel better yeah
but it's still there's something wrong I
know I didn't feel what it is but we can
still taste the jelly beans but there's
this popcorn shop in here that we just
saw that we're gonna check out so see
how it's like what is this Kohl's
gourmet popcorn
nice looks fun holy craps they have a
lot of random sodas I'll have dad's hey
guys I found dad dad this is for Dad
free popcorn
this is taco-flavored want to see you
try it okay
good
because I tacos uh-oh
bean boozled is here guys stay back oh
we thought this was actual like beer
jelly glad oh yeah hockey's really games
interesting we found a few good flavors
to drink this one stood out teriyaki
beef jerky soda ah for that deep
carnivore thirst what ha there's so many
choice yes yes yes moving on we'll have
to go back to that store sometime and
try some there random drinks but where
are we now at the mall cuz why not why
not
house cold and we just went I don't know
what see if we can play putt-putt again
because that's always fun yes and it is
open so push the time because the
Masters just happened if you guys are
big golfers whoa we get to practice and
okay you go first I'm gonna see if I can
beat you this is gonna be bad
72 yards I have to beat 72 yards I
remember watching the vlog with you and
Aaron and you hit the golf ball you hit
like the shed huh
those so fuck yeah cuz that long to the
right - I got a thesis
ah oh man 33 I gotta beat that baby dad
bro I gotta be Oh 94
you
ouch don't scare you got ya oh I want to
go on the train looking good dude
like you said it's perfect for summer
this is duh duh duh duh Donna then then
enough there and then run the dressing
room now we dared each other to try on
some funny shorts we found so I have to
trying these blue ones you can't
that color though we had some blue lunch
haha
we would stay too
we're in the chocolate store and they
have free samples what is this is it
good no okay whoa
lots of guns here it was Charles look at
that gun it's got a custom paint job
it's like pink and purple yeah
ha
is that a bow and arrow this is a sniper
rifle are you trying to become legalized
yes
back from chillin at the mall our Ann
Andrews dungeon do you see me yeah
no yeah it's pretty dark but I can see
oh yeah Wow
and tonight we're probably making a
destiny gameplay for you guys on goof
squad gaming for those who are
subscribed to our game channel so that
would be fun
what else or a some other gameplays and
what in other news we have a cool
activity that we me Andrew yeah Mary and
Brittany are going to be attending and
we want you guys to attend it as well so
let's get into it what this activity is
called is called the wipeout run now as
you can see this event is being held all
across the US and the two places in
Canada so ya won't be attending the
Denver event obviously because we live
in Colorado but if you can't make it to
the Colorado event they have all of
these locations so you can go to it but
the good news for you guys is that they
gave us a code a discount code of five
dollars off for any of the locations so
if you want to go with your friends or
your family or come with us yeah we're
come to Denver hang with us yeah
Denver's event is actually going to be
happening in August August 15th but all
the locations and dates on the website
with information so so what is the
discount card the discount code is
simply all caps j stu studios right here
literally when you go to checkout and
finish just put that code in it'll ask
you for a code and you put that in and
give you five dollars off i message them
i was like hey we're going and we're
running if we give our fans a discount
they said absolutely and so I hope
you're happy guys because we did this
for you
and this bit this event is going to be
so fun are you excited yeah I've always
wanted to be on wipeout so this is
probably the closest I'll ever get
I know right they have like um all the
otwal not all the obstacles but then
it's like a 5k run they have a bunch of
obstacles which is a preview there's not
look epic yeah thank you so much fun so
yeah this is just one of the runs that
we're going to be doing this year we're
going to try and go to like a bunch of
different 5k runs but we're going to
start off here right with the wipeout
run and they said that we could vlog the
whole experience we're gonna bring
GoPros everything it's going to be a
blast but just thought I'd quickly
mention that to you guys
so if you want to go to it do it after
meeting a homo let's just take a look
outside what's happening Oh what the
nuts do you realize what you have done
it's also about 30 degrees is snowing
Hey
this morning it wasn't even snowing no
now it's like a blizzard outside not
really but kind of it's coming to be a
visit ah just left Andrews and I'm at
the grocery store it now because
Brittany is making dinner I just need to
pick up some things from King Soopers
and yeah so I got some chips here get
achieving milk
dan in it
dan Anna hello hi what you got cooking
over here um well we have some uh
asparagus in there it's real tasty like
hands and chicken ruin oh my gosh
so yeah it's tonight's meal especially
delicious especially gooey cheese oh my
gosh I can't wait it's so nice to be
back inside because of all that snow she
get to stay warm and relax
well guys that sums up today's blog hope
we kept you entertained as always and
thanks for watching our daily vlogs I
know we say it a lot but it's awesome
knowing that like so many of you come
back every day and let's go text
I don't we just appreciate your support
we're trying really hard to upload every
day and sometimes we slack which we need
to work on but we're working on getting
a better schedule in for this channel so
hopefully every day except for Sunday's
we'll upload like around lunchtime so
like 12 to 2 o'clock range if that works
you guys our time think we kind of
slacked we've been uploading at midnight
and we just kind of been falling behind
we don't want that anymore but goodbye
oh I was like it I told oh my
