guy okay to tell them what what's going
on like what's happening right now
what's going on right now yeah guys so
we have not done a fan mail video and so
long so we figured we'd try to set up
like a live stream and do it for you
guys yeah so we got actually our HD DSLR
camera hooked up so we can move this
camera we can go around the room it's
gonna be so cool so um I'm so I'm just
so happy this is working right now this
is the best let's first say hey do you
some of you in the comments
we got Damon addy Julie greeting some
snowy Germany Wow greetings yeah so
we're gonna be looking at the comments
throughout this video but we're gonna be
open up some packages so Andrew yeah why
don't you go get that giant bag we have
outside right this way sir
guys it's a really big bag it's actually
pretty heavy okay folks there's also
that other bag out there but first we're
gonna go through this and that is all
packages that you guys have sent us this
is gonna be nuts
yeah as you whoa as you can see right
now this is what we see so we can see
some of you guys in the comments right
now so hey yo shots everybody all right
Andrew okay pull up
get out all those like dump them out
maybe not dump them some of them said
fragile yeah right oh man
if some of you probably have been
watching us on our gaming channel and
I've been like live streaming basically
like every day and it's been so much fun
so we're like we have to try this
livestream thing that's cool like a
little setup on our vlog Channel and
it's working which is awesome so thanks
everybody that's joining ya guys for a
live surprise too
that's a pretty big day feels like I'm
not telling a picture frame I can gotcha
okay alright let's see who else is in
the chat here I love live streams yes
what up Zack Rebecca Gavin
Alyssa Lewis or Louise hi yeah okay cool
did any of you guys get a notification
for this or did you just see this show
up yeah it's a good question because I
didn't get a notification
yeah maybe notifications will go out
soon I'm not sure it is it on your note
uh your sub box
let's look yeah it's all my sub bucks
well it's working okay it is worrying
okay drew so pick the first present the
first present and bring it over here
you're gonna sit here yeah you know what
we should get what Harris scissors
that's probably good idea no more kid
scissors either if you guys watch the
other fan mail ah I accidentally cut my
almost my wrist do you actually you can
see a scar right now see that little dot
I cut Mike and on kids scissors from the
last band melted small this is a package
from Chris okay did you know that
no I didn't any curse is from Texas
actually I don't know if I need scissors
for this package it's the easier one
just kidding whose Elmo could we be
friends
yes we can be friends
well attacker scar like it literally got
the scissors and I was cutting it and
see it like the end of the scissors like
stab me and it kind of hurt my whole
wrist was like what's going on it just
kind of hurt yeah sometimes tape is like
so hard II just do with this package
open now put all this tape on here Chris
Chris there we go finally okay yeah
where it is working whoa what's in here
people tissues no way other there's
sleeves
oh but real life cards okay hang on all
sorted a bunch of tissues to keep
everything safe we gotta start with the
letter first that's always that's how we
do this yep from Chris and Willy PS do
more 24-hour challenges okay
hi my name is Chris and I have been
watching your videos for a month you are
so funny and I hope you enjoyed the
stuff I gave you PS I'm not Chris let's
look at the stuff you gave you like
homes - Justin bye Chris I hope you
enjoyed my drawing of tard yeah nice
okay bye will - Andrea I hope you enjoy
the drawing of Charizard Oh
oh thanks guys yeah there's another
drawing here Oh Jase - bye Chris
I did not know what y'all's favorite
colors were well that's okay these are
good colors that's cool I like it and
we've got in here some pokemon cards
what
we got a football player Reggie McElroy
really okay man Wow is a fruit flavored
lollipop
you got a mini Fidji whoa oh that's cool
that's dope
so we got to make separate piles in this
room first one for toys one for candy
and this is Elmo
oh hello okay he's gonna go right here
and he's gonna monitor the stream and
Fiji's as well and I think that's it but
thank you Chris oh oh
sum-sum we've got 52 cents and guess
what I got the bag Oh money right here
so we look this plop it open that means
so as you guys know we've done in our
streams every time we do
fan mail it seems like you guys send us
change or money and what we're doing
with all that money is we're gonna use
all of it 100% of it and donate it to a
good cause so we appreciate it all right
get all that stuff together and hey
everybody the comments we see you
we got who's in here tres miles Zack
Matthew Jess Austin thanks for joining
today yeah guys hey you won Spring Break
a lot of people a lot of kids in our
town I just noticed we're out today I
was like it's like 12 o'clock should you
guys be at school
yeah a spring break all right all right
this has been catching my life forever
so I'm gonna sit right here this
seriously looks like a picture frame to
me
while here's a less perfect read after
first letter
do not read on camera oh yes you do not
read on camera we read off okay we're
not gonna look at the drawing or
whatever this is
okay we see this almost gonna be so cool
it's gonna be so cool
read on or off camera doesn't matter
just read okay all right I'm gonna read
on camera random channel well thanks for
the superchip guys our first super chat
ever quick let's do it dance
quick dance and you guys look at the
lights
that's what happens we get a super cat
look over here blinking too we got it
set up so if any of you donate that we
have a little dance party it's high-tech
in here I'm telling you yeah thanks
random channel okay dear Jace - hi my
name is Sam I've been watching for a few
months now here's my favorite youtubers
by far I sent you a little something
that I spent a Saturday night doing
whenever I go to YouTube either check
them on my own channel or mostly click
on one of your new videos unless I have
to do French homework speaking of my
channel I was running - guys can help me
reach 100 subscribers I have 38 the
channel is C our destroyer de store he
loves clash Royale he lives in Colorado
as well whoa oh yeah what something's
happening
who's that here Jenkins 7 to 79 thanks
for the super chat man thank you for
inspiring me to be creative and not
swearing like 90% of the youtubers thank
you guys so much and keep up with daily
vlogs alright and he looked he gave us a
$5 Dairy Queen gift card go away I want
to use that today bad really well it's
warm outside Sam if you're watching this
bro
thank you for the letter this little
gift card but that's not all I know what
did you draw
here's the give up fellas all right are
you ready for the reveal Andrew yeah
okay I'm guessing it's a picture of me
to you what's your guess
probably a good guess Wow check it out
whoa number one YouTube Jase - that's
good cool I seriously love when you guys
like when we get stuff like this like
look here's something else somebody sent
us that's like a block of wood yeah
let's put this up against the wall here
good idea all the custom artwork thanks
Sam we saw whoa we're there Gary Poppins
Gary the snacks money's thanks for the
snack buddy Gary Poppins I'm gonna read
this off-camera later by the way Sam oh
okay yeah all right Andrew it's Andres
turn to choose a letter or a package
what are you gonna pick I'm going with
this one because it's so light that's
confusing me there's something me the
scissors and also if we close this blind
and somebody does a super chat it's this
color is like a super color yeah well we
kind of want the lights on so you guys
can see us in it shout out to Adam
Leclaire thanks Adam yeah now give us
your best dance move yeah
that was just that was just a quickie
cuz I'm in the middle of a package do
not read on camera top secret okay put
that aside this is the top secret pile
where we read often
this whole thing for Britney no way yeah
except for there are two letters but
this is for my wife oh cool
Britney I'll give this to you when I
come home I don't know what it is I okay
dear Andrew sites I went one weekend
want to congratulate you a married on
having a kid on the way here now but Wow
I enjoy watching you put yourselves
there and yeah I am always interested in
what you have to show your audience when
I see your vlogs I've been watching
vlogs ever since Kevin in introduced you
and Justin to me and the rest of his
audience you're cool goofy and humbled I
enjoy supporting you because you helped
me see a new brighter perspective at
life thank you for being you and being
an awesome pranker and amazing at what
you do and who you are
Jose Wow such a kind letter thank you
yeah and Jose I'll give it I'll make
sure to give it to Brittany obviously
she's not here but yeah next up next up
quick spin oh oh
okay there's a little dim in here good
grief what happened somebody paid
fifteen dollars to send this oh you sir
over there someone spent how much
fifteen bucks to send this package oh
man
looks like Edie Edie Edie Edie Edie Edie
Edie Oh careful with scissors I don't
need a replay of what happened last
be careful with those scissors arms away
right away from your body away from your
body like that
mmm sure looks like there's shirts in
here we're gonna read the letter first
okay here we go folks
dear Justin the man drew hey guys my
name is Eddie I have been watching your
videos since the beginning I think it's
a light outside okay and I know you guys
like to eat a lot of food I wanted to
send you this life back so you and your
families stay safe from choking hazards
my uncle invented the life back to help
prevent the loss of lives due to choking
accidents he's on a mission to save as
many lives as possible you can leave it
in your kitchen and if you need it
here you go I hope it gives you some
peace of mind from Eddie I'm very
curious what this is a life back okay we
got the shirts here my back okay
oh where I put that on there's a quote
on the back this is a comfy shirt yeah
yellow eye I want to see the coat on the
back that's for you
Oh on the back yeah what's this a
sometimes you have to do the impossible
just to prove that nothing is Oh what's
God anything is possible
all right yeah all right let's see what
this is emergency care for choking this
that's kind of really cool that's
they're making this
okay I'm guessing this it comes with
like instructions as well so we got this
it's like looks like a breathing reading
math test mask mask smaller ones is this
like suck it like out of your esophagus
oh yeah here's the instructions oh yeah
so you connect this to like one of the
masks you put up a space and then this
is like yep it's a pump so if it gets
stuck you put that in your mint on the
face and that's what it does obviously
there's a little more to it but we will
keep that and read that Eddy seriously
this is a really cool gift we've never
got something like this and it's cool to
know that your uncle is making something
to really help out the world and make it
a better place so thank you put this
back in here I'm gonna put that life
back shirt on we're gonna be the yellow
Bros yeah
the yellow Bros okay yeah ha it's a
pretty cool shirt it's just comfy though
is song the same quote yeah same shirt
yeah oh it's a different style though it
is oh you're right yeah I have the big
logo I have a small logo yeah okay well
Angiers getting the next package I'll
read some of your comments right now um
Nicole Jefferson what up guys if you got
any questions we can try and answer them
every now and then from hi from Illinois
cool we got these comments are going
fast hey Jess and Andrew what up hello
I'm trying I'll say hi to all you guys I
just can't do you guys are awesome have
you put on slow chat that's the question
no it is anyways guys we hope you're
having a great day and thanks for tuning
in to the live stream and hanging out
with us
best YouTube channel ever yes so glad to
hear that hey have you opened the bag oh
yeah we're opening it right now so this
came out of the bag all these huge
packages Andrew chose so why did you
choose this one it looks like an
envelope yeah this is from Elena
what did Lina says do not bend so you're
trying this kind of looks like some sort
of picture I'll save that for some other
goodies in here nice okay okay let's see
we're doing fan mail by the way guys
who's okay I hope you like the drawings
I draw the people and things that
inspire me and hope you too oh and you
two are the top of my list
Thanks thank you for reminding me to
choose happiness and live the way Jesus
desires us to amen hmm I've been
watching your shenanigans for four years
now and you still managed to make me
laugh wowsers like drawings in here this
is a drawing no way that's so good Wow
guys yeah let me get a hold that out I
gotta get close to this point it in the
light a little yeah dude this is an
original drawing look at that why don't
you use like colored I'll say yeah a
colored pencil dude that's so good I
cannot I cannot believe Elena are you
ready to see your close-up no guys let's
leave a like right now like Spike for
Elena like spike go go go this is this
Britney Wow
dude how long did it take you to do this
five minutes yeah right that's my tip
forever and this is a picture of a
Lyonne do that is dope I'm like
speechless this is incredible no smelly
oh but there's something or is this just
to keep it from bending yeah probably
okay oh there's something in it but holy
moly
thank you yes
thank you is in understatement that is
this is incredible work yeah you are
gonna be an artist or you are an artist
but I heard some good projects wish we
could like send you back some things but
you didn't even ask some of our drawings
that's not why than any of our drawing
uh Wow all right well here you go
oh yeah thank you let's see well guys
you know Andrew actually his other house
he had a whole wall of like your guys
drawings yeah we've got some cool I have
them saved up there just have him put
him on the wall Oh No
what's that this is from Singapore what
other snacks in there I said oh no
because we usually get snacks from all
these different countries and they're
very bad do you get do you remember that
one vlog where that person sent us like
fish oh yeah
things that was the worst day I ever had
I don't know what could be in here
maybe toys maybe candy I'm going away
from body away from bombers that using
scissors though let's just call my you
got to be kidding me
the teachers never let me use scissors
in kindergarten by the way we're almost
a 500 lights what can we get to 500 guys
like hit that like button right now 500
you open this box tomorrow bring me a
second guys they turn this out of the
wazoo
I guess it's good that they tape it so
much
yes doesn't fall out yo I'm just doing
some comments
I thought your shirt set shot back there
well just need one more cut away from
body remember Justin away from body 500
we got 500 mics yes that's what they're
saying we did it
or they did it I think that he did it
that was a good rap almost 600 likes now
hey guys are you ready yep here we go
what is that voice from Singapore is it
Avenger shoes what is that Avengers you
ready dude I don't know what collectible
figure oh my goodness whoa who's there
Connor Brier thank you for the super
Chad Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
better than that else for you bro I
gotta get this off you getting sweaty
yes it's getting hot here put that right
there dude what is this a collectible
figure it seems like a rare figure as
well who's this from though I thought
you said it's from Singapore I know who
it didn't see why they just send this to
us without a name oh I hope it's super
rare oh good grief no way is it really a
action yeah dude look at this that's
some Singapore I don't know what this is
vision dude this was like custom painted
- no way I think yeah I'm gonna get a
close-up over here is it like too shiny
can see it it's kind of hard to see in
the box just that plastic is like this
seems definite like a rare figurine
aiyah dude one-sixth scale
okay who somebody sculpted this no way
how do you do this
well coolest thing in the plane I don't
know who you are who said this we look
Wow you can bring that to the Avengers
premiere hey guys look what we got
check out my my vision figurine that's
so cool
don't open it someone says I won't know
but why that thing's gonna be rare is it
gonna be very rare valuable rare yes
maybe there's a name on here keep
looking
from tan say Inc who's that
I don't know wait that's the name or
like the city that's all the name is Oh
expensive brick says expensive
it's a rare creepy BP tweeners brother
says it's a rare all right well I'm
gonna look it up after this you gotta
say it's a rare than I won't open it I
promise
yeah don't open it do not open it
everyone saying don't open it BT JW says
that was very rare all caps so yeah you
know we love the rare whoa what's that
Oh derpy Jacob I love your channel guys
you're the best thanks for the super
chat bro oh look what you guys did
I'm okay alright your turn I keep the
camera okay the rare so that's our first
rare we've got some random stuff in the
mail but that is definitely something I
was not expecting a rare toy oh yes and
maybe this is like more rare than we're
even like understanding so I'm just
sorry if i queer not reacting and I
could even crazier way vision figuring
that's cool
okay who's this fox from says is from
there's no name yet
don't open wait you do with hundreds
okay wait what
maybe from Erica wait for me oh this is
from Canada yeah yeah away from the body
away super rare don't even try thinking
about opening it
I've thought about it I know that I have
the same scissors no way
twins okay it's a mystery see I don't
know what's gonna happen you won oh wow
I don't know I like this oh look I just
said twins and look they're twins who
drew this twins Wow Oh Erica and is that
Michelle yeah they're twins excellent
guys that's it very nice drawing those
do danger there's news in here I think
now we can play this is a long letter I
don't know if I can read the whole thing
well then I'll look in here while you
quickly look over to see oh wait I think
there's some baby things in here I never
heard of this game is right here it's
pigs okay I'm not gonna read the whole
thing so I'll just do a little brief we
are twins
Erica Michelle and our best friend Julio
we're your biggest Canadian fans we're
26 and from Canada we watched your blogs
daily there are so hilarious we love
them so much you guys are so inspiring
to us your vlogs make our day brighter
bitch what's going on whoa what is this
this is Indonesian money owned car hi
guys I'm your big fan from India keep
doing cool stuff
does that pay me no okay I don't know
what currency that is but thank you man
a hundred something oops
do you guys know what that current if
you're from India you probably know what
that is but whoa thanks man rupees
little piece maybe I just don't know the
symbol see look now the lights are green
because that's what he did you so Omar
the home card these lights are because
of you they're green they're green now
and there's presence in here where was I
because look as you guys can see when
you when anybody sends a super chat the
color of the lights changed to the color
of the super chance so if you send a
dollar it trips the blue the more you go
up with different color it is so hey
everybody in the coments vlogs back the
blog love you guys so much
god bless we have for you guys this is a
Oh Barrett can use this if he wants it's
a mustache pinky some Pokemon cards with
some Canadian dollars but get there you
have to try that for blog put in my
world now
oh I will here's a sippy cup but it's
like a Starbucks cup can you see that
what does it say it says baby ducks
coffee oh yeah get him get him out of
some coffee
early jungle speed so it's like a game
jungle speed yeah and then now there's
two packages that are wrapped so
kind of hard to kind of collect rocks
way maple syrup from Canada no wait look
it's like I may believe I've never had
Canadian maple syrup that far I don't
know why I'm speaking Irish Oh
each get one that's all that's in here I
drop Erica and Michelle thank you for
the package you have a good day and your
support I think in the letter they said
they want to come to Colorado someday so
I agree it's a good place okay yeah
what's happening whoa whoa who said
something we have to do a double dash
Walker was talking on the camera don't
let him fall okay Oh who's that from
that was from oh we got three of them
hello Jenna is a dollar twenty three
cents Bella that chance was for you also
random chat channel thank you for the
update and the super chat to Lux oh my
goodness and Zach alright we have to
have a dance battle a dance battle since
three people sent it okay
huh yep all right I'm done
Wow guys that was epic
thank you put this over here thank you
thank you I'm turning the lights on oh
okay I'm gonna pick another package now
okay Oh
what's then that well I'm guessing
snacks
sounds like gummy beers it says liquid
on here open and vlog okay all we all
have to open on vlog yeah how do you get
things open you use your scissors and
your brain oops that's what I haven't
been using my brain maybe you're
bringing it okay these brain I'm trying
you guys are very good at wrapping
things what was that oh I thought
something was gonna happen
oh hey who did that gamer boy Barton I
love your bids keep it up
this is Ryu gamer nah man right yeah I
was hoping you'd do that you really want
me to coming here yeah I do
all right whoa whoa cribs thanks for the
super chat I can't keep up with you guys
hey everybody let's have a date okay
let's have a dance party this better be
a letter in here why did you rip it
we're almost there box was wrapped very
good whoa Wow Anthony thank you for the
super chat Anthony well we got another
one
whoa three three goes hello I love your
channel and videos keep it up thank you
well I'll see you bro bros all right so
I accidentally cut this paper by did you
cut the paper because you can still read
promise all right here we go more just
do you make a smile on my face you have
the best vlogs you guys are good people
of God
revelation 22 21 may the grace of our
Lord Jesus be with God's people
amen amen bro Hudson this is from Hudson
now let's get well random channel they
you get o random Charlotte end game her
boy Barton guys thank you gamer boy
Barton and RAM channel thanks again
shoutout to both you guys we appreciate
it alright oh no way we got realized
snacks yay are you ready for this Andrew
yes our first snack pure leave dude I'm
actually pretty thirsty right now I'm
gonna drink this right now after I see
what else is in it we got each got a
pure leaf thank you and there's
something mysterious in the brown bag
what does that is that lunch what season
sea salt popcorn I will be trying this
nice white cheddar popcorn nice we'll be
trying this apple chips superjet who's
that from red wolf thank you for the
super chat yeah yeah you're awesome
oh no she sent us hot sauce no way Texas
Pete that's hot
why we'll try that all right we
got--okay I'm trying hot sauce coming up
to this press okay
and then the final snacks are two
chocolates in shortbread I never heard
of that back here so you want your
beverage ginger yes please I'm gonna
open mine as well
I'm gonna try this why is it good that's
so good I was so thirsty less dry bad I
really want to try whoa beep tjw gaming
thank you for the super chat whoa whoa
Lizzie's mama I love you guys in all
your airs and mods some thanks all your
rears ain't even the super chat and
thanks for the euros BT G W gabion I
said I'm wrong but you know you are yeah
Justin do a cool trick from plump here's
a cool trick now we're gonna add another
one in the mix for you three
oh wow how's a cool trick yes it did um
Luke Baker Village Inn or Denny's for
the blob soup have you ever had their
bowl of soup I haven't had the blob suit
but I would say um Village Inn me too
because actually all the Denny's in our
city went out of business that's the
true fact
Meredith Sims please shout out our
Channel maybe Island well there you go
and diver Rob welcome to the more jesu
live stream he's on our game channel
yeah every time we go live in the game
you stamp channel diver Rob's there so
appreciate it
ladies so by the way your figure is
worth 219 bucks I looked it up
what Wow Oh dance party dance party I'm
gonna juggle three pieces of popcorn are
you ready for this oh there's no
batteries nevermind
you're trying to impress everyone yeah
no batteries dance dance Oh God with 200
rupees I thought did you dig what it is
2 a.m. in India but who cares it's more
days to live so I had to watch it you
are making me hungry by seeing you
eating
unkar go get some food bro dance dance
today it is also check this out Andrew I
bet you didn't think this was me so
talented Haydn with a super chat Haydn
mq hi I love your vids alright thank you
bro we appreciate you all right who's
gonna juggle chips for the first time I
got three apple chips good know if you
guys are hungry here's a reading we're
trying to apple chips yeah it's kind of
hot all right
in this package you know what's up how
do you guys in the comments we see you
what stupid but what all right I'm
putting these away
where'd you put the apple chips I put
them right there on the ground
give them cuz I'm hungry oh wait where's
my beverage you have it where's my
beverage you have it oh there can i
backflip no I can't
0 backflip stop eating someone said
never okay fine
alright Andrew what are you opening see
oh I mean that dancing got me a little
sweaty guys I think this is from whoa
Andrew you got to do an ultra dance are
you ready in through it
two one go go go go this is for Preston
then death dinner Dan attendant
Preston Mitchell said I just left
Colorado the Garden of the Gods like a
week ago I was hoping I would see you
but it never happened also can I get a
shot at on Instagram sure can bro at
Preston 2020 there you go thanks for
this $10.00 super chat that's our
biggest ever on this channel that's
right
thank you that's it whoever sends the
next super chat I'm playing a song this
time okay but anyways back to the
package okay guys away from the body hey
I love your channel
well thanks read my comment please okay
sorry some of you guys I can't read your
comments it's going so fast merch coming
soon yes what's in here Andrew you
should buy a frog why because for vlog
yeah no way
it's him oh whoa we got red this time
red no way okay I don't know if this is
Dan song what is this song
all right we got to get the shout out
whoever did that oh how the things going
on okay hold on hold on chat we're
setting out real quick because we have
you can miss some okay random channel
random channel derby Jacob with the
$3.00 he said hey again I love your
channel thanks for the videos you're
welcome
Jacob alright Andrew you're the next one
hey and oops sorry plate Andrews fav
song can you play my fave song me oh I
can play it I know exactly what it is
really yeah Preston your fave song and
diver Rob again thank you are you ready
for Andrews favorite song yeah what
sorry anyways we really need to get to
this package well almost throw down
maple syrup why is it so hot in this
room by the way who's the door shut no
windows not even open okay okay so we
got what's the guy's name
shout out for the super chat let's see
who we got here
Trey games oh dude $20 super chat thank
you so much dude that's our biggest one
yet so you got the record Trey games you
have inspired me to become a gamer nice
good luck and then pressing just said
yikes yo you're impressed Preston yeah
and Trey games I hope your channel goes
well just remember to be consistent with
your content that's important and just
have fun don't do it for the money
okay back to the water here's a long
shirt that will never fit me let's
prepare it don't know who's sweating
open on the vid please what could Andrew
could get in a Bollywood movie for that
dance dude yes i down dude that was like
incredible I would definitely okay well
we'll do a dance - just a second I got
to finish this letter man my name is
Luke I'm 11 I've been watching your vids
for six months now you
as always makes me laugh and I love your
gaming vids I have fortnight and it's
super cool I'm a Christian and like that
you guys are too me too
I live in Michigan and going to play
basketball um thank you
she says this says dad and this is open
on the bid now I just made it brighter
guys sorry it was dark
I fixed it though no it's because the
lights went down this is your phone stop
taking my phone wait guys are just
turning the lights maybe I needed I
don't know why sometimes their rights
like go dim mode but we can see who who
who is your favorite player on the
Broncos from sank well let me show you
who's that this is mr. von Miller that
your favorite is my favorite player on
the Broncos okay alright man oh I love
Jesus yes yeah so do we
Jesus just the best brand channel that
dad a benefit that the new one this is
the new one like you're like you know
those toys you fling around and make
sounds like that's a party move alright
take this
give me my teeth get toy thirsty here
man I'm thirsty oh can you move I'm
trying to just sit down okay all the
things okay
Wow okay all right it says ship - more
juice - ah that's us yeah okay okay guys
whoops
without away from away from body come on
whoa who's there it's uh Vinnie boy love
your biz big fan open your window and
yell dad I need to find my dad before I
poop my pants
dad dad before I put my pants Christian
says I love y'all can I get a shout-out
sure Christian shut up Christian thanks
to the super check red side red said hi
guys do you know about your family
history where near your families came
from I kinda do cuz I was on relative
race and they did the DNA testing so
part of my family's from the UK area
Europe so I think a lot of my family is
from majority Germany and then some like
Ireland why do we you guys
always when we're trying to open a
package all of the super chats come in I
know
random chances me please show me your
streaming setup I will show you at the
end yeah it's not too complicated though
and then being our own car says you guys
make another video of eating loudly in
the libraries my fave oh man we do got
to do that will I ever get into this box
though that's the question the answer's
no oh this is yours are you serious I
didn't drink from it I promise
look at this letter yeah that's on the
lights on guys turn the lights on you
can barely see me we have many things in
here that I don't even know are you
ready there we go dear more dates do I
love watching her videos I was watching
one of your videos while I was riding
this I am 9 my name is Ruby I love your
name I don't know how long I've been
watching your videos I made a drawing
for you guys and I also gave you guys
snacks look we each get a mortgage -
bracelet
I love that I'll get that off in a
second roomie paint here keep that dear
so we got the more Jace do drawing
beautiful boy Wow only longtime fans
will get what egg means I don't even
know what it means I'm just kidding go
okay phew
how's it go and then she colored this it
was pretty cool that's very good very
good
oh no she someone says volcano Oh No
hello my name is Maxine well Oh Mickey
volcano popping candy we gotta try this
that's not gonna be good
pokey this is matcha green-tea cream and
then well what is this Kit Kat Japanese
Kit Kats is this from Japan or maybe I
don't know if it's Japanese or what it
is but this is Easter wait you look at
look at that well it's definitely a
different language
oh is this from a different country this
package I don't know all right well I'm
gonna try this is this spicy or what how
do you open this so the volcano so I'm
guessing spicy okay hoping it doesn't
burn oh they're just a little small
packets here you are Harry oh wait hold
on stop the camera don't do it the same
time we're gonna try this get the syrup
out of here Ruby sent us some snacks we
gotta try them I've never heard of this
candy actually why so it must be from a
different candy okay
I think it's nothing is good okay then I
missed it over for you okay we are I'm
going to cut this here you want the
scissors out of my face are you ready
okay ready go
we call me pop rocks I don't really like
the flavor though well it's not spicy
though that's good I think that let's
just pop rocks I thought it was gonna be
spicy so yeah I'm glad we dodged a
bullet on a spice mode Oh
but anyways Thank You Ruby for taking
the time to send us let me try on them
Oh cats we're sending a piece it's like
an Easter flavor what's that I don't
know
it has an Easter bunny on it and these
are big bags of candy so we're gonna
give some to our friends as well thanks
you look it's like Easter Bunny KitKat
see what is the flavor though I don't
know like chocolate
maybe yeah something like that
okay last money in a sea enjoying a lot
yeah thank you thank you appreciate it
boom car you have made us start to sweat
because of your dance moves hmm for our
dance moves dance moves yeah he's
dancing over there every time every time
there's a super-tight you guys are
required to dance to okay everybody has
to stop what they're doing immediately
all right we have three more damn it let
me be big three more guys one of my
packages we got a lot of boxes to throw
away that's okay
good deed here for us to wear okay what
was that I don't know I thought I heard
something Elmo was loose in the house
play roblox I've never played that
actually and we are gonna go live on for
tonight after this guy so if you want to
hang out with us on our gaming channel
make sure you're subscribed to goof
squad gaming so you know oh here might
turn it so you can kind of see you while
you open this
favorite bible verse that's a really
hard question
please I'll just go with John 3:16 right
now that's on the top of my mind
oh who y'all from Trent's I'd read your
favorite Christian songs ooh good
question Trent Andrew where's my phone
your phone is right here alright chant
oh I actually have a playlist that I
made on my Spotify Christian worship I'd
say my favorite Christian worship song
right now is either Potter and friend by
Dante Bowie or one of the songs by him
maybe and I love Gavi so what about you
Andrew just right now I would say your
love awakens me by a phil Wickham so
mmm-hmm that's right here oh yeah
and word into the package and I also
like Christian rap too but if you want
to listen to our songs wow guys believe
this what is this well let me get the
camera we're gonna experience this so
this is what I see when I first opened
up please open on camera don't worry
we're on camera where do I start
whoa dance moves haven't 2 dollars and
79 cents from enzo Rosetti you guys are
the best dead the dead edit dead did
that day I was about to play a song darn
it
there you go that was for you Enzo ah
that this is also probably my favorite
songs right now Thrillist okay you can't
see it Bobby
oh is this a liar Luiz Miranda he said I
like Christian music that's good we do
do what type of Christian music though
Oh worship we're smarter okay going dad
Mary Fort Friday Buford Britney bald
Andy Andrew hi a Stewart more just to
marry bald lady dozen Kevin dad
Daisy dad more just you know what it
says this is not a letter I think that's
a picture for the wall yeah I play
fortnight on PC finally yes shout out to
Ethan for the Euro Ethan no Reid hey
guys my name is Rebecca and I'm 14 and I
love your video so much so do my
brothers and twin sister more twins oh
yeah I'm turning the lights back up
please for some reason like on the blue
one the lights Ike's like to say too dim
I don't know why okay it's easy fix
yeah you just kind of turn back up yeah
ah hope you like the drawings you might
be getting something from one of my
siblings soon keep up the good work
peers oh I left blank spaces on the Jase
two logo oh that
so Justin can put the name of his coming
child aha I haven't told you guys yet
what Brittany and I are naming our
daughter it's a surprise soon and then
my favorite bible verse is Psalm 91 for
he will cover you with his feathers and
under
his wings you will find refuge that is
great but I don't like this bottom part
says go Steelers so it's kind of quick
shout out to Ethan again Oh
Ethan's back dude you guys are so
limited this is a cool like style like
the name I going up the side that's
creative kind of like I don't
that's like graffiti style I feel like
yeah I like that that's cool that's
gonna rest of the good sorry there's a
dollar bill oh you know we know where he
goes
Luther and there's a bag here football
cards let's take a look there's a letter
in here I know Aaron yeah he's a good
guy Aiden hey you gotta turn the lights
back up please got another dollar here
for bald Andy swag sweet two bucks nice
another letter
Wow I'll be like the football cards also
go Steelers I hope you get some rares
mmm why have you not like hopefully so
or II just don't know anyways I love
your videos and especially the four
Fridays in the car mods David who's
David that's just from Rebecca maybes
brother yeah okay what's happening
challenge yesterday from Ethan Ethan
this is gonna take a while to look
through all these but there's something
maybe there's some rare than cards
I won't take a look at that soon whoa
all right we got Trent with another
super chat 10 euros he said my first vid
was your camping trip in 2012 were you
cooked an egg on a rock I remember that
I loved falling ever since hope you come
to the UK again sometime
Brooke Broncos fan in the UK cuz you
guys yo that's good
we definitely want to go to the UK again
I know it's been so long but man we
loved it there appreciate the donation
Trent and yeah glad you found her
channel looks like own car sent another
20 rupees if that's what that is
so thank you Omar old car sorry keep
saying your name wrong here you go whoo
who's that sound yeah sorry my house
like make sounds we got two more two
more packages I mean apple ship those
were really good please open on video
I'm turning the lights up don't stab so
guys he's sending all heroes
all right almost here the colorful box
of fun I think this is from Julian from
who Jillian Jillian Michaels whoa I love
what you did in here
look how creative that is Wow like it
said instead of like packaging it with
like blobs she used our foam and colored
paper I love that more these do more to
see more to show
oh she crumpled up our names oh cool
we've never gotten a folder before Gary
more Jace - all right I feel like I'm in
class right now
Oh guess what thank you again for the
superjet cool oh we got two letters for
my wife Andrews wife Wow here we are
yeah all right let's see what we got
here hey Justin and Andrew I'm 11 years
old and my name is Jilly and I said
who's there oh that's Trent Trent again
it's a super chat thanks bro I love your
videos from the fort's to the pranks I
especially like the forts my dad's name
is Andrew as well so I just thought that
was funny I wanted to just say I love
the beds and I hope you guys won't stop
making out from one of your biggest fans
chilly like your name is well it's a
great name for refrigerators and forts
whoa this is so cool
it's got a magnet on it too really yeah
oh yeah you probably do it on that ah
whoa that's perfect all right we got a
few more things in here I like your
videos especially the fort ones please
open this in a video and never quit from
what Wyatt I don't know if I'm saying
your name right but I'm guessing your
Chili's bro okay and then we got looks
like a drawing here this is both of you
in a toilet paper paper towel for I did
my best
let's get it close over this supersoft
ultra strong that's really good hate
fellas where our legs work can you like
imitate that uh on the floor I try to do
it I can try let's do it Seth thank you
for the super chat set super 2 bucks
he's gonna try to recreate that pose I
don't remember trying that in the floor
well you'll have to but thank you Jilly
for the package and Wyatt's hoping
saying your name right
but you know who you are Connor shout
out please love you guys from Alabama
Connor thanks for the super chat and
shout out Connor
Dada da Dada da Dada da pancake
productions thank you whoa
pancake productions do you make pancakes
for your vids yep pancakes
alright guys guess what there's one
package left and it's for you to open
Andrew yeah yeah listen is that that he
goes here take control the commune
station okay is that your camp your
drink over there
no really oh sorry this tripod keeps
flying around I love you guys from
Arkansas where are you guys from we got
South Carolina in the comments we have
we got a few places
where's the open side oh you guys have a
cool Channel well thank you hello from
Florida Iceland it's crazy for us to see
like from different countries Manchester
the UK Sweden I really want to go to
sweden latvia france are you serious you
guys are from all over the place Canada
the Netherlands Amsterdam hungry roller
jeepers
well shoutout to all you guys like I
don't know how you guys found her
channel but thanks for subscribing and
hanging out with us all right we got
this is from Rachel dear Justice Stewart
I watch all your video my favorite video
is forts and nerf guns so three Star
Wars destiny card and you are my
favorite youtube channel
okay PSA work at Stop & Shop Daniel Joel
you're not you're not gonna be happy
about one of these things in here me
yeah why would I be happy wait a minute
there's three Star Wars destiny packs
that's what oh so I am gonna be happy
then let the three different flavours so
we can open those whoa
98 cents from Enzo Rossetti again and
Zoe no that's cool that's cool
you'll be happy about this present
digi digi mode and this new fiddy I
never had a two-sided Fidji before
that's cool that's cool
also we got another super chat from
Finny boy the dollar ninety-nine shut up
and I dyed my hair the same color as
Andrew really I kind of hope you did
permanent cuz my sense mine's like semi
permanent it's like fading it looks
really weird but that's cool
now for the final product that you're
gonna not like this I'm guessing
something spicy or efficient No
Despicable Me no bean boozled sour apple
or mini minion farts oh no you can't be
serious
I'm not sir I am serious Thank You
Rachael for the package and the letter
appreciate the support but guys I'm
thinking it's about time let's get this
camera set down on the desk hold on all
right that should work so I think right
here we were gonna close the livestream
it's been so much fun hanging out with
you guys we hope you liked it as well
yeah be sure to leave a comment if we
should do this again if you like this
style and leave a like we're gonna
hopefully you know do this more often so
we can like fan mail live and chat with
you guys and yeah I maybe we can do some
my challenges live that'd be fun yeah
but either way guys like we mentioned if
you I see some of you saying no don't go
we're gonna go live on her gaming
channel now so come over there we're
gonna play some games and it's gonna be
fun
super Jack hi I'm watching from Belgium
dude how do you say your name fairy
feel siren feel finish ballon right I'm
probably doesn't way butchering it but
no that's 100% correct okay guys so
we'll see you on fortnight come over to
our gaming channel and we hope you have
a blast rest of your day thanks for
joining
