well guys welcome today's vlog Wow
you're back thank you yes we gotta do
something now that they're back what
what does that mean let's make a vlog
okay we have something entertaining
today for you and we actually did it a
long time ago we mentioned doing it and
it's been months many months yeah
this could make us millionaires I'm not
sure though yeah so have you guys heard
of gold okay let's go inside okay
actually like this chair isn't that cool
whoa yeah anyways we're here because we
need some gold mining gold painting
materials Oh mine that's and they said
they have it so we gotta find something
gotta get that go we're looking for some
gold
here it is the sluice box we got these
two things
okay we've never gone gold painting
before guys so we're not fully sure
right but he was kind of explaining it
put the dirt in here and then you sloosh
it around and then over this and then
the fine stuff falls down here and then
you do another swoosh and then you get
gold it's just that easy what are you
and dollars our ticket of intent what
makes it so hot in here you feel it
super insulated oh my gosh I kind of
want to try this now what also guys
we've actually never made a fort in this
store before so if you want to see a
fort in here yeah
leave a like cuz we'll do it actually I
meant leave a comment so we actually
know what you mean
guys look we just found a friend hey
guys what up there just chillin yeah
they're just showing in their yard so
we're on our way down here to the
trailhead so if we didn't explain a
while ago for those of you who maybe
just recently subscribed we went on a
cave exploring hike yeah which is up in
here and at the end of our adventure
during that vlog we found this like
stream what we thought looked like gold
flakes maybe it is maybe it's not but
we're mining for it anyways we're gonna
go and figure it out and show you guys
so let's get parking and let's get going
for on the trail it's about a forty mile
hike just kidding
we are about there guys but look what we
just came across this is so cool this
Lake and keep in mind it's like 60s
today and it's been like the 60s for the
past while we got a little frozen pond
here is it able to be walked on probably
not Wow
Andrew why don't you run across see what
happens look somebody threw a rock right
there and it's actually not sunk okay
that stick probably won't do anything
but I'm filming yes you can ice skate
now over there looks very thick but guys
we don't recommend going onto ice when
you can actually see the water is a big
rock okay young man if you help me we
can get it into the ice so heavy
what did we prove that the ice you can't
walk on ice I hope you fall it after
about a 80 mile hike we've made it to
the boulders of Gimli and Frodo Baggins
we have to climb man oh my gosh yeah to
put it on it's been hot coming up here
this is all mountain spring water folks
and we got snow down Oh looky wow I
haven't seen knowing forever
all right well our gold is up here I
promise
do you guys hear that smells like water
to me yeah where there's water there's
gold in that way we've made it to Narnia
after a long and treacherous hike here
it is the hidden cave haha where the
water flows and carries the gold through
the rocks and sifts out the unwanted
materials Oh who's ready to pan let's go
you see any shinies yeah
there's tiny of tiny Shaggy's where well
you can see it right there
tiny shiny we had tiny shiny z+ last
time we were here I think the water
level is up higher so I think this dirt
this mud might have Chinese in it too oh
just in the light look at all the
Chinese you guys can't see it on camera
kinda I see it yeah we definitely
couldn't make it back here before oh hey
there's fishes in there
no way hello mister first is that a
sardine yes lots of Chinese in the soft
sand over there we also got that right
here you can see of yep I can kind of
see oh man this is our first time doing
this guys so now keep in mind guys but
this water is very cold now with the
water being cold it means the gold goes
faster downstream that's something we
know so
starter off maybe you showed them our
tool no so we got this is like a a
cheese grater you put it off see you put
all the rocks in here see these rocks
won't go in there a gold pan right but
the gold whale right some of the small
stuff will go in unless we're working
with some gold nuggets
then the Nuggets are obviously gonna
stay in the pan there okay now we're
gonna want to get this right yes yes my
pants oh well there you go you got
perfect hold it get some water in there
boys yes go and that's how you find gold
look at all that gold well first you got
to grab this side well look you just
look at it it's shagging look at all the
gold in there boys alright show them
what's next you want to do like this
kind of motion
I thought we do the twirly one like this
because if you didn't know Gold is
heavier its substance is heavier than
the other materials in the bowl so
technically this should go to the bottom
of the bowl yeah this appears to just be
floating well what does that mean Dexter
can you see the gold was called nuggets
we have pure gold look at that little
chunks all over the place I'm making my
wife a Christmas present this we did
bring a cup so maybe we can scoop some
yeah open that up right so you're
pouring it in here for a beverage yeah
just called gold huh
there we go boys all right attempt
number one successful now shake it back
and forth because the gold will then
sift its way to the bottom and all the
excess will leave right right gokhan
easy now does it boys know if you want
the gold you have to get the gold Wow
any normal rocks
what you're dropping all the gold in the
water now well you know like gold Wow
we eat well tonight yeah boy you found a
patch of gold oh maybe we should get it
but right now this is our our haul for
the day see the shiny flakes they're in
there
think we got quite a bit yeah we're
trying one last time so the stream in
here they closed through the rocks and
then it curves down into all these
boulders but right at the waterfall area
where it goes into the rocks there's
like a bunch of gold flakes you can even
hear the water down there
so all below us there's a big stream and
boil boys the temperature change because
it is cold down here
look at them Wow see that's a good batch
right there yeah so is this how the
Egyptians did it back in the day they
spent days getting gold
okay here's time to go now my fingers
are officially frozen yours yes both I
like all red ah let's get out of here
I'm gonna need like a hot chocolate or
something oh that sounds so good you
need to go to a shop and get some
beverages way home please you go ice
fishing
no nothing more ice guys he sees us it's
a big boy
I never know what you're gonna find on a
more juicy episode alright found a spot
that may have some hot chocolate let's
go we sat in ease hoping they'd accept
gold as payment to do you guys accept
the golden flakes they're in the car
they don't take old place thank you
thank you all right
dude this is so good this hit the spot
after our ice adventure yeah my body is
warming up from the yeah hi yes what is
your favorite type of beverage on cold
days hot chocolate
coffee tea tea iced cold drinks little
comment below let us know your favorite
I would say mine's probably a good hot
chocolate or a really hot apple cider
cool I forgot about apple cider so good
so good and it's time for those type of
drinks cuz it's about to be Christmas in
snow or maybe not snow for you guys who
live in tropical areas sorry about that
well the guys are back from our gold
panning adventure nice and warm finally
and we gotta figure out some way to kind
of separate our bottle of gold into the
flakes yeah any of you miners out there
we'd appreciate your advice in the
comments below
yeah how much gold did we get if it's
gold also you guys want a book
recommendation they do this one's called
the Bible it's a really good book we
suggest a good read even if you've read
it before we've got some life-giving
information for you if you haven't read
it do it check it change your life
