what I know who you are
Who am I you're the guy for me too oh
we're making a YouTube video
yes oh my god hey man uh my friend shava
zobeir was wondering if you would buy me
lunch I would yeah my friend Chavez
Chavez yeah he was wondering if you'd
buy me lunch Rashad's he's oh there he
is
Chavez Chavez yeah dude maybe I don't
know like if you needed it no I don't
need it
oh then he just wanted me to ask you
know okay hey guys I was wondering if
you guys give me a lift back up the hill
kind of tired it's all him yeah he said
you do please are you serious yes please
please sorry I use this or I'm going to
fall
blow yeah see I know I feel like I've
seen you really like on YouTube yeah you
have yeah yeah he's just filming right
there yeah we're and we're just being
really random by people hey bro do you
know I can get it gallon of water
anywhere
probably like slower is like I just take
a milky on at home and just you know
dump it out and rinsed out and use it
sick yep hey are you
nevermind you okay
impressed hey do you guys Jeremy to skip
class today yes okay oh sorry just gotta
get to class
Wow
hey you want to race yeah alright do you
Jeremy skip class today yes hey I know
you second that freaks me out and I was
like who is doing that yeah would be you
yes skip class okay do it well please I
want to watch you do more of this
yeah we're just filming Arden Chavez hey
fellas are you guys coming to the bingo
my friends were wondering if you guys
are wanting to go to the bingo
tournament oh uh me and the friends no
sorry ah no thanks yeah yeah we're just
doing a video we're making a youtube
video being awkward being awkward by
people are you cool with being in the
videos right yeah you shoot right on man
well take care I will do it I'll let him
know you recommended me okay who is your
name klav Wow my name is Dominic okay
I'll remember Dominic oh my gosh I was
actually just talking to her about it
that I wanted to meet you guys cuz you
go so famous oh my gosh oh I was gonna
ask you if you wanted to see a really
cool like trick but sure
fellas awesome hey cool man what's your
life behind you what's my wife want yeah
I'm still trying to figure that out as
well so that's why I'm asking like maybe
I'll have the answer soon from you
someone some random person I probably
asked a woman you probably know the best
woman okay hey guys they wanted me to
ask you guys a question
no it's cool it's all good all right
we'll see you guys later don't worry bro
cool question my main man muscles right
there was wondering if you would borrow
me a pencil for class he was wondering
if I would borrow you up yeah
