good morning guys actually good morning
oatmeal pies we haven't got a food in a
while so what are we doing today I'm
just hanging out you guys for what yeah
I know they do what do you want to do
today
no we're probably gonna go ride
skateboards get some snacks yeah
in other news me and Andrew just
finished up taxes so that's that's a
relief
you guys are probably too young to well
a lot of you may be too young to
understand what taxes you're the heart
nursing taxes yet whoa Aaron but let me
just say being self-employed taxes are
not fun let's just say that leave it at
that but you're relieved to be done yeah
that's why we deserve a treat from a
store and right now there's something
epic dude
Wow impressive what you gotta say
protect Kate so now we're going to
7-eleven kid drinks or skateboarding
down Wow like the good days has been
Justin used to live right here or
technology let's go really parasites is
coming too
this partially fast downhill this parts
really fast downhill Oh
oh my goodness go Aaron
we have made it now what are you guys
gonna get first off there's a lot of
choices here
now the first its champions
look they have a new flavor of Starbucks
s'mores flavored I'll do it nothing
didn't Aaron's really excited he's gonna
let us know how it is he'll give us a
rating on the s'mores Starbucks drink if
you guys want to get it where you live I
decided to give this slip simply
lemonade with raspberry very good and
it's a little small flavor so who knows
what this guy's getting
Oh ready we got our snacks
I got a citroen lemon-lime beverage with
some I've never tried these before lime
and chili almonds sounds good did you
get scout I showed you my drink but I've
never seen this before
it's all ice cream sandwich thing oh yes
would you get bro
Oh dadgum yeah dude you got to try that
Starbucks uno momento hey browser well
see they got snacks too it's are you
gonna try your s'mores drink or what
okay where's the smoke a campfire smells
like a campfire
they don't seem sold on the s'mores
drinkin because it tastes like s'mores
just taste like marshmallow coffee go
from one to crappuccino s'mores this is
a - okay
would you recommend it to the viewers if
they're feeling extra rambunctious on
the coffee joyce's how are the nuts very
nutty I am enjoying them that's good I
like anything alignment kill you soon
this is really good by the way yeah if
you really like Reese's you will enjoy
this oh yes for nice play video games
while listening to tunes yeah while
clashing alright don't chill with the
fellas
and now it's time to go home get ready
for dinner
it's tough to decide what we're gonna do
before I get home I just stopped at the
gas station because I had to get some
cash because I'm getting destiny and I
found destiny for the PlayStation 4 on
Craigslist for 25 bucks so I was like
yes cuz Andrew and Aaron play it so I'm
gonna be playing it with make some
gameplay so it'll be fun
almost there yes
here we are
destiny looking good well thanks dude a
pretty Stoke that got it for 25 bucks I
just wanna say to you guys that if
there's ever something that you want or
need there's always a deal out there all
you got to do is look like at first I
looked on the Best Buy's website and
there they had used ones for like thirty
seven dollars but then I thought hey I
might as well check Craigslist to see if
they have got a good deal and what do
you know the first one that pops up is
twenty-five bucks and I just looked at
the disc and it's in perfect condition
so I'm like yes hi guys I'm home hey
brick dark in here what yeah yeah okay
so I think this is funny I don't know if
I told anybody yet well I've told some
of you I don't know if I said this on
vlog but me and Brittany are moving soon
no we're not moving out of state we're
moving like some we're still in Colorado
Springs but we're just moving to a
different place and I think it's funny
how we've lived here for like almost a
year and I haven't give like a full tour
of our place so I'm going to give you a
quick tour right now are you ready
alright so right when you walk in the
door there's a living room you've
probably already seen our place a little
bit just from like the vlogging inside
but yeah so we got a nice little setup
right here fireplace
this is a kitchen area we just sold our
kitchen table because we never used it
so I got rid of that we got our kitchen
here a beautiful place love it come out
here little deck and great view not too
bad you can see Pikes Peak right there
so that's pretty cool I'm glad you can
see that and yeah don't let it come here
too much honestly though so walk over
here you get the hallway oh here's our
Burton you got this picture framed on
this canvas pretty awesome from the
wedding I love it
dream until your dreams come true let
your faith be bigger than your fear Amen
sister walk in here and we have our
little office area Brittney shoots a lot
of the videos in here she is the studio
lights a nice little couch there you got
a computer right
dier just some stuff no desk printer a
nice closet oh you didn't see anything
this is Elmo he's hanging from here he's
not actually be this is a strap okay
just never mind about this Betsy you
come over here out of the office and we
got the bathroom and it's the bathroom
light all the way over here so
just your casual bathroom you know a
glass shower we have the laundry in here
washer/dryer yada yada you gotta wash
your clothes mom and dad can't wash them
anymore so and then here is our bedroom
before we moved in this was already on
the wall we thought it was just so
awesome
you still know that I'm God so we just
kept it up but uh got dance here's the
bathroom two sinks epic another bathroom
we got this here a tub and then we got
walk-in closet so yeah oh yeah let me
show you a few of the artwork we have as
well this is from our wedding nice
lovely picture here love this love is
patient love is kind love never fails
and then we have another picture from
our wedding right there we're kissing so
yeah that's about it for the tour just a
nice cozy little little cottage here me
and Britt
but we're really excited to move on to
the next place aren't you Brit like I
can't wait to show you guys and give you
a tour right when we move in not like
wait a year because this place we're
moving is super awesome
the views are like incredible ah it's
just awesome so we'll be moving in June
and you'll get to look forward to that
move in
change and ya know if I have anything
else to say right now but we're gonna go
get some dinner and oh yeah Britney just
uploaded her video so if you aren't
subscribed to her channel what is it
miss beauty mark do it we got naked
sandwiches this time I guess that's a
good way to put super good how was it
moving on we have dessert here holy crap
this cake I know we usually never get
this but this is like the best cake so
yeah we just got back from the gym and a
nice workout that's time to just relax
me Brittany are catching up on the
walking dead so I don't know if you guys
watch the walking dead but we since we
don't have cable we didn't get to watch
it live and yeah so we have to watch it
online but yeah anyways there will be a
new chase to Studios prank tomorrow so
be on the lookout which I know you guys
will be and that's all you have anything
else to say
yes what thank you I'm gonna like put
this on me for just a quick SEC okay but
like thank you so much for everybody
like I know that most of like you guys
that are on my channel have come from
his channel and I want to let you guys
know like thank you so much for coming
over to mine and just supporting me cuz
like I have said many like many times my
channel is in like the baby stages of
growing so I like anything and
everything like your comments I so
appreciate and that's it right on well
you heard it first
thanks for just all your support
everything that we do or a part of you
guys Rock so have a good day and we'll
see them up
this one tastes a bubble soap Wow it's
just weird like it it's like foamy like
it was just
