hey guys welcome back and guess what
today is more fan mail yay today oh yeah
it is Monday are you making food look at
all these colors pink purple woo he
doesn't get creative and then three
boxes here so you know the deal letters
first then boxes Andrews first this is
from Raymond Raymond Raymond hi Justin
Andy Kevin I'm a subscriber on expert
thief but one day I was watching Kevin
and he measured you guys Jason studio so
I started watching you guys even though
I had a new deer channel you guys make
me laugh my favorite pranks is
drive-through coke and mentos that was
fun keep making funny vids I'll be
watching them has a cool simple issue
and all my name come out interesting and
deed this squeak speech and Ian squeaky
shoes dear Justin Andrew and Kevin I'm a
huge fan of you guys and I love your
videos you always make me laugh if I'm
having a bad day
I'll watch one of your pranks and I'll
go from sad to happy in five seconds who
is this from from Jasper Oh drawing it
looks like hey that's what's up Jasper
thanks for the letter and we appreciate
your support this is a beautiful purple
envelope sorry I totally forgot to stick
this with the original envelope that I
sent so here's the picture I was talking
about in the letter hello oh okay see
misses her she's an ROTC
high rock on good for you Mary did ROTC
- nice to meet fans I guess we'll have
to see if there's really another way
back cuz this is confusing me
oh it's right here here we go are you
sure yes yeah I guess I should open that
yeah okay this is for bridge Oh
Brittany's gonna love that he is gonna
age
I will make sure to deliver to this
Brittany this is a Britney fan letter oh
wow it's all for Britney
so that is epic okay well Brittany I
guess sorry we open this there's another
one from her
so now we're hoping this is for us what
in the world uh uh 20 bucks boutique I'm
so confused
Jase do with two quarters on it yes I'm
here's a little donation for the
foundation hope it helps
Wow Cassie this is the most money we've
ever support the ball dandy foundation
holy crap yeah this is a very long
letter this is my first official letter
to you guys so I'm gonna start off by
saying hello I don't know if you can
tell but in the picture I was having a
flare-up about five years ago I was
diagnosed with lupus
basically what lupus is is my body is
allergic to itself it attacks the good
cells and tissue instead of the bat I
got rashes all over especially my face
but I'm always smiling having fun and
just enjoying life I try not to let it
override me because if I do I go into
depression anyways
watching your videos always brightens up
my day which is a good thing so thank
you so much for making all these amusing
videos if it wasn't for your channel I
seriously don't know what life would be
like whoa all of you are seriously
amazingly hilarious so please keep
making videos so she said it would be so
amazing if any one of you would give me
a call
gosh I probably freak out if you called
me Wow maybe we should give her a call I
don't see why not
to be honest hey Cassie hey what's going
on I don't know if you know who this is
but you wrote us a letter and you said
it would be awesome if we called you so
that's what we're doing right now and
we're leaving a voicemail because you
probably are very busy right now you go
to me so if you're watching this now
Cassie
oops aw gone man
and all right all right this next one is
actually just a postcard whoa
people don't only send postcards much
anymore but anyways and this says hey
guys I've been riding a bike around the
world for the last 15 years huh we
should go on a short bike tour together
I don't even know where this is from
what does that say pause man I have no
idea where that is
there's about some sort of polska stamp
yeah what is this
fresca I don't know what that is thanks
for the postcard Darren this is a very
full letter it says please put all mail
and vlog if possible Hart from Greg
bullet Andy foundation three pennies oh
heck yeah I've collected overall hun
1100 soda tabs so I want to honor you
with one of my prized tabs that I've
collected oh my goodness whoa what are
we what Kim is that from I don't know
but it looks like very rare next here
what gosh Silly Bandz Justin and Andrews
yes I'll put one on each on you all
right boy a that is nice from Greg
thanks Greg chased Oh howdy oranges
hello burgers Chris just from Greg
thanks Greg thanks Greg
please write all your names on the back
of this paper and place and back include
last names including Britain and Mary
Ann Erin dear Justin and Andrew or is it
oranges love you guys anger vlogs my
name is Gregory I'm 10 turning 11 in
November this is my favorite youtube
channel from your bagels and then he
drew that beautiful face well Greg we
appreciate this letter for you what's
happening first letter says - Kevin -
Justin - the other guy huh really must
not watch the videos I just like chopped
liver - you guys from Cameron hey Justin
I'm your number one fan right yeah maybe
you just do that there is something I
hope so anyways I watch your videos and
can't wait for the other guy to go bald
I wish you okay it definitely is the
only way thanks Cameron for the letter
like this letter says just be careful do
not bend and do not rip autographs okay
put this in on video please hi my name
is George Jo RG that's probably Jordans
by the words George and I'm 11 years old
I love your you vids I have started
watching the for two months now and they
are so funny sometimes I laugh my butt
off I wish I could subscribe and like
your vids but my parents don't let me
Dad jeez last thing is Justin and
Britney ever going to have a baby
nope never yeah what wait yes we are
someday hopefully it's not gonna be soon
okay thanks for the letter George whoa
people are going hand with the colorful
stuff is from errand five bucks
yeah yeah dude Justin and Andy I'm Aaron
and I'm 13 I'm from Georgia I tweed you
guys a while back saying that I was
sending fan mail oh we got it
how I should videos when I am sad and
they make me feel better that's good
also please tell Brittany a minute I
said hi okay pictures though why what's
that from oh that's really good behind
I'm shaving I'm so random right sweet
right my holding this letter we have a
ton of sports cards this is a big letter
by the way I'm gonna read it like he
wrote it okay doctor hi a equals Justin
mr. mushroom zu equals
I think it's for me dad dad dad
oh you're hot my dad you're mr. mushroom
stew with your friend dr. plane they
call me
owl they call me Josie but really my
name is Jeff and if you would like to
visit me I live in cafe Coral Florida
and tell dr. Hawaii I need to make an
appointment I have a problem my butt has
a crack in it
oh and Ohio State is bad go message in
Michigan and go Broncos that's the end
of you okay this is for dr. Hawaii hi
doctor hey do you like turtles when I
first saw you I thought I thought were
my dad
Congrats on marrying miss princess peach
I'm surprised you didn't run into Mario
or mama Luigi can you believe the old
China deflate riots won the cereal bowl
I hated the cricket teams that were in
it in the Broncos lost but I wanted the
Moscow sea turtle heads to win because
no one likes it pumpkin eater love your
vids and mr. mushroom stew should go
bald
I can't donate because I've been
investing in the ant farm industries my
whole life so I'm poor yes
she couldn't sue that was interesting
anyways this letters from Nick opened it
up and it's like Hello basically hello
purse here says dad good morning relish
oh yay I'm gonna open it up whoa we hit
the jackpot here is money for bald Andy
dear Justin and you my name is Nick I
watch your videos every day after school
I don't normally write letter so I don't
know if I'm due
right as long as there's words on my
page I guess you're doing it right yeah
your biggest fan
Nick PS also dumped nacho cheese on
Justin time I get autographs no I'm not
sure she's that would know to the nacho
just like you did what Justin and
Anthony can you please sign that oh the
whole a paper and J's do for my sister
is 18th birthday
from Austin please autograph on front
okay all right mm-hm
by Nicolas de bean Justin and Andrew you
guys are my favorite youtubers Kyle
Springs Colorado
what whoa well two quarters sweet
thanks for the quarters bro now that
we're done with letters it's time to
move on to boxes now I'm trying to
decide which one to open this one I
sounds in it this one
lightning I don't even know who sent it
from Amazon and then this one's from a
samurai shop what nah this is Japanese
so it's from Wilson a gift from Wilson
Matthias enjoy your gift open the rest
okay you open oh you Melissa
what is this
oh my no it's good - trust me open these
a whole box of bean boozled how did you
so much tape on paper it's gonna rip in
then well Andy opens this letter here's
a message from our sponsors and we're
back why did you put so much tape on
this you gonna put a 0% a because it was
in a box I love you our videos they are
so funny
that's why I showed you to my mom keep
your worth up bros peace
this drawings says hi a cheese Jesus who
knows Andrew just look what it's been
here this has been awesome because in
the box has been bean boozled part two
this one's better though why it's got
some sort of spinner it says spinner
wheel game inside so we're going to do a
bean boozled parts room for a challenge
vid maybe this this week's challenge
yeah guys if you want this week's
challenge would be bean boozled part to
leave a like and we will do it alright
for the final package here we have an
Amazon box which knows what the more
from matheus are you serious yes a
cellar flush toilet and then some of
this which literally it's from Japan
some a yaki coffee candy first time
trying Japanese kid I'm so excited
okay you put a little note on this one
new listener here you guys are the
funniest just a few treats to thank you
for all the laps laughs Tom from Dallas
oh wait what
alright well then all right so we have a
few flavors in here I want to try this
rum moon flavor
that's right great good not bad
can taste like a mixture of like gum and
berry flavor I'm going with grape it
tastes like fluoride from the dentist
really oh it's like bubbling in my mouth
or something out it yes you got a new
flavor I got on I'm trying to teach this
one tastes like bubble soap Wow it's
just weird like it
it's like foamy like what if it was just
as good for you as this alright so I'm
trying a lemon flavored now and it's
just really strange that like hurts
right here it feels like it's burning
through my skin ah
what flavor do you have how do I know
what the heck is in this if you push it
up against your tongue is like burning
it I know so I was singing what okay I
can't have any more of these my mouth is
trying moving on to the other Dean so
apparently this is gonna taste somewhat
like coffee we don't know it was like a
poo is that what God what is it yeah
this just tastes like eating coffee
grounds like really this is like pure
coffee beans with a side of weird so I
guess if you live people in Japan if you
guys must not have coffee so in the
mornings you get up and just pop one of
these in your mouth and okay she's got
tongue let's instant coffee
Coffee Extract in an instant coffee okay
about this coffee extract dean stuff for
the final test tribe today we have this
super flush which has comes with two
plungers no oh thanks and then once you
lift up the toilet
ah oh wow it's a very old toilet so it's
kind of I think here before you do that
pour some out so I can try there we go
now I can try without getting your
slobbers all over the place
whoa
that's our really thought that about
sums up today's fan mail thanks to
everybody who sent us stuff we
appreciate it
if there's anything you would want us to
try in the next fan mail video feel free
to send it to us like this yeah that's a
nice Japanese candy if there's any funny
things you wants to try or just I don't
know because he created yeah so yeah
thank you later next time
yeah it tastes like chocolate Oh first
ship was it back I literally swallowed
that so fast
I'm gonna
