hey guys welcome back to more Jace to
Andrew we're back with another challenge
video we're thinking about doing these
maybe once a week what do you guys think
every Friday let us know in the comments
if you want us to do weekly challenges
but what are we doing here today if you
guys remember Justin went to this beef
jerky store that had unlimited hot
sauces so we're gonna go check it out
today and see what kind of hot snacks
and sauces we can find today's challenge
just like that we're back what did we
get today Andrew okay we'll start off
what you get well right here we have
some habanero pepper chips now
apparently these are pretty hot that's
what they said at the store next up we
have some Dave's burning nuts
these are habanero peanuts and these are
hotter after going to the store we
thought we're just going to go with the
habanero theme today we want to start
low don't just go crazy right away and
you top things off we've got some hurt
and habanero Dave sucks and for dessert
I have some habanero honey sticks little
dab interesting
I can't wait for dessert we got some no
spirit so why do you have three glasses
here by the way because we have a
special guest today by the way what the
the real-life air insights wow thanks
how'd this happen
no I don't know oh let me into it I
guess so we're going to start the
challenge off with the chips
grab a chip we're just going to try
these chips and see what happened a big
wait crap my attorney it definitely has
a hick
let's go for round two now if you're
having a problem what you eat if you huh
they're mine we finished yet oh hey next
time we're having a habanero date spicy
peanut burning nuts I can't really tell
for right here because they're chit for
still I know the leftover chip spices
just this guy hates it now I taste it
now how you know these are the spiciest
of chips
no mono it just sends tingles through my
body no pain no gain exactly the thing
alright fellas are you ready to conquer
the heart and habanero sauce ah oh no oh
oh my house that much no just think it's
just one mile over matter view mmm yeah
it tastes like tacos Oh Oh first ship
was it bad I literally swallowed that so
fast
I'm gonna gosh yeah see how long you can
make it last you're sitting on your
tongue alright we'll see who can do it
no God he kept in his mouth the longest
oh yeah I think three for dessert me
there you go using your swimming pool
ha what's that even taste you just drink
Corinne
oh no watch spicy habanero sauce fried
bread condensed you lame yeah what
happened hopefully the bathroom
experience isn't is bad Oh so we are
able to complete the challenge and go
above and beyond that extra spoonful of
habanero block the peanuts a whole bag
of habanero chili habanero honey I feel
like what's the next challenge we need
to step our game up well we will guys
there's a lot of different peppers out
there so what you need to do is leave a
comment down below letting us know what
pepper challenge or spicy challenge we
should do next but there are dried
peppers here they have those hands for
bein so if you guys are down to that I
don't know if you will be or not
leave a like if you watched it if you
guys are up for weekly challenges like
this and we'll keep doing alright thanks
for watching guys we hope you we kept
the entertain and enjoy the rest of your
day we'll see you tomorrow
