good morning guys how are you me and
Andrew are here at Walmart want to know
why
well we're building another toilet paper
fort you guys have been asking us for a
while we want another toilet paper fort
yeah that's what we're doing today we
want to give you some techniques on how
to build the best toilet paper for in
your near a supermarket and yes this
one's gonna be better bet
this one's gonna be better than the
first one why is that well I can't tell
you right now I'll give it away yo oh ok
so just keep watching let's go inside
huh here we are at the toilet papers oh
and one tip I want to give you guys when
starting to bill your toilet paper is
make sure that the toilet paper area is
in the middle of the store I noticed
that the toilet paper area in the other
one where it was against the wall and so
if it's against the wall you can't build
a fort that's why I has
Thanks so when you're building you want
to throw them outside first obviously so
you can build your walls whoa it just
got darker here turn the lights off and
when you're building you want to make
sure no one's around you because then
they'll see maybe telling you and you
don't want that so we got to see if
there's people around here
somebody here but no one around here
really huh
got to keep the house tidy
any dirt like idiot
see there is an employee down there so
we have to be careful because if an
employee sees us
so things are coming along really good
so far we've built up the walls so
nobody can see inside the fort yeah
there's a little gap right here we have
to fill but we're trying to be careful
here so there's a that employee is still
there he's doing this job long and long
the problem is we want this to be the
main area but there's not much toilet
paper there's that big gap this is a
problem we will get fired so what are we
doing okay act casual okay don't give us
away guys we're taking a small break
from building the fort because we need
to get some new supplies this is what's
gonna make the fort even better than
last time we don't want to look
suspicious just hanging around the
toilet paper for the whole time I've
been there for probably 20 minutes now
but we found something that is
incredible
see this is gonna be awesome in the fort
this is the only small one I also have
this leather chair which would be
awesome but I don't know if it's kind of
fit that's okay too camos we can we can
match nah all right back over to the
lair
yes
there's my seat we've got our flag this
is like the master reinforce Terrell see
there's like double layer walls so if
someone takes one he still gets to you
yeah some of these are even triple
layered
no man's land it's really open but there
only one layer walls so you don't want
to build your like house over there
that's just a playground
USA
so while we were building I just
randomly came across this somebody wrote
Hawaii on this now I don't support
graffiti but I just thought it was
really funny how someone was here and
may Rojo
toilet paper for Norway
here's another zone
the missus no man's land see everyone
could see you but it's very open
see that's what you gotta be careful
they just don't want later on
now it's time to take a quick bathroom
break all that hard work
got a dolt now that the pit stops done
we got a few more housewarming gifts rug
picture a sword for protection of your
house so let's go put them in the ports
we're making some revisions to the house
we're gonna clear this section add a
nice rug put up the flowers and
paintings it's gonna be just beautiful
Oh
she's right
all right so here's the I guess the
entrance is over there but then media
injure built this luxury suite nice rug
here here's a candle he found that just
smells good you open it up it smells
I got a protective sword here for any
villains who wants to get us a random
pillow two chairs that fit perfectly got
a the American flag a picture of
baseball stadium with the flowers the
supper randomly and this which is very
fun very important nothing because they
just let you play without even opening
no it's awesome
it is so relaxing here guys I think
we're gonna spend the night here
I know
probably just place in the hot seat now
I guess
I'm outside of the fort let's see Andrew
come out
you could see on the outside it looks
like nothing but it's a freaking luxury
apartment just if you guys didn't see
here's a real-life tour quick cure come
in here it's nice and Lobby come right
through here and there is the executive
suite it looks perfect there is a layer
behind there but it's like we said it's
the one layer walls which people can get
through and see what like your for your
building yeah well
I can't see in
but if you don't have a double-layered
wall here's what happened
and you can see in the fort you don't
want that well I guess that sums up the
toilet paper vlog guys we didn't blog
anymore but we hope you enjoyed our
masterpiece let us know in the comments
below if you have ever tried making a
toilet paper for and if you did a video
on it we'd love to see it but if you
guys want us to do more toilet paper
forts let us know if you have any
thoughts on what we should do next with
the toilet paper for then definitely let
us know that too because we're always
looking for new ways to build epic forts
but oh man that was so fun I just posted
a picture on my Instagram so if you guys
want to go check that out here's my
username and Andrew close pictures on
the Instagram - and here's his username
both are user names rare if you aren't
following us yet if you want to get this
comment was posted on our last vlog I
really appreciated it it says just
wanted to say that I look forward to
your videos every day keep up the good
work well gage it's awesome to know that
you come back to our channel every day
just to watch our videos so and just
shout out to anybody who comes back
every day to see if we've uploaded a
video and watches our stuff like it it
means a lot and this comment made me
laugh from Tanner I absolutely love
carrots well tanner I love carrots as
well I wanna know why well I have
carrots right here I especially like
eating hummus if you've ever tried it
you should definitely try this is very
good anyways I guess that's it and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
good bye
