good morning chocolates today's vlog is
going to be kind of interesting I guess
maybe boring for me but I'm on my way
down to the courthouse because I got
jury duty
y'all laugh at me if you want but it's
my civic duty to be a jerk a jerk so
that's where we're headed right now I
got to be there at 8:30 so let's go
we're here let's go see what how
exciting this is gonna be
alright guys well I'm done the jury duty
it didn't last very long at all it's
just like I had no idea what even to
expect but they had like a whole list of
judges and if their cases went to trial
then they'd come in the room and they'd
get a whole bunch of people to go be
like jury members and go through the
whole selection thing but there's only
two judges that came in and that one's
all got cross off the board's like oh
yes everyone else is free to go home so
yeah I've heard so many stories of
people like waiting all day down here
just to do jury duty but thankfully I
was here just for about an hour and a
half
really so that's excellent I'm gonna go
do something fun now back home now and I
put a surprise in our window for people
driving by they drive by and they see
bagel Ellen head
I forgot I put that there so I was
driving by and looked over at my house
with a what duh there she is
yeah let me get
and now let me get and let me get and
that'll be all
okay oh I was just saying I'll take a
bacon beef and cheddar
dad dad granted please enter
hey thanks Ted alright thank you that
okay go back I had to treat myself today
in jury duty with such a drag did you
film it I filmed some but Arby's we have
the meats
yeah you need to get some TV broke oh
you're missing on all the good Arby's
commercials so we're downtown we're at
CC Colorado College do we vlog last time
we were down here I don't think so I
mean either it's pretty nice though but
it's downtown it's a lot of outside
college you can see the real-life Pikes
Peak too so oh if you like that I don't
well looks like we're only stuck with
two rigs by the way okay we're gonna try
to use wigs in today's prank so this is
gonna be funny how should I try on
yes we got to switch on I don't know I
won't look legit but you but you look
legit in this one
let me see it's like I look legit I
guess I don't even need a look legit you
know I guess
you can see my breath I know it's like
you dyed your hair but left a little
brown look like that I could I just need
to grow it out get some curls and what
up alright so we didn't vlog too much
more of us at the campus because we were
filming but we do have extra clips for
you guys and reveals so hope you like oh
yeah let's just say that didn't happen
yeah sorry yeah yeah except on that
corner in here yeah all right yeah
Oh ma'ams
can we just say that didn't happen yeah
yeah say what yeah I'm just looking like
an idiot hey sorry for buying the athan
we were just making like a youtube video
just like falling with books just see
how people react you're okay and oh yeah
I'm totally fine I hope you okay if you
guys are in the video yeah cool yeah
that's right for backing yeah I'm fine
Hey it's just right there we're just
like falling by people with dispatch the
goofy yeah I guess so
countless I guess world know yeah he
just tripped me oh wow
yes twisting my eagle
oh wow yeah anyways that's about it for
today's vlog guys thanks for all the
comments on the last few videos we
always are looking through comments that
you guys are putting on each video so if
you're going to write something we use
you will see it and sometimes we like to
respond back to some comments so if you
leave it a comment we might respond back
some things you got to look forward to
next are the toilet paper vlog coming
out tomorrow
we built the best toilet paper for today
guys it's seriously so cool
and I think you guys will really like it
because the first video did pretty well
you guys wanted to see part two so
that's what we did we're gonna be going
to that beef jerky outlet store I went
to and the other day's vlog other days
blog and getting some hot spicy foods
look forward to that and I guess we'll
see you tomorrow have a good day and
peace
