good morning everybody I'm in Denver
right now actually work on a film set
today I am acting for a student film or
something like that
this is Metro right now is where we used
to film some of our pranks yeah it
should be a fun little day I just wanted
to help this guy out
I don't even know him but it's like I
used to make student film so I know how
hard it is to get actors and it's just
it's fun acting getting some you know
just practicing different stuff so it'd
be fun bet you guys didn't know this I
play basketball with my dad every
Saturday we're on a league right now a
basketball league and we play different
teams every week so that's what I'm
doing today gotta go play some b-ball
and show him who's boss you know I made
hey Brett hi so uh I didn't vlog anymore
yesterday when we were at the film shoot
because we were running behind schedule
and I don't want to get in the way and
film stuff you know but anyways just got
done with the dentist if you remember
from a few vlogs ago I had to get a
filling in my tooth and I'm all numbed
up right now like I can't even feel that
to be honest I can't even feel that as
they're so strange like I feel like I
have this huge fat lip I'm talking like
an idiot
it's so weird oh I have done this plenty
of times before but never vlogged like
talking afterwards and stuff but you're
listening to some awesome music guys
ready
you see there's the college
eyes playing today's game at the YMCA
and they just upgraded this building so
it's really nice yes you're excited
you're gonna be the cheerleader today
all right Justin and dad are warming up
let's zoom in on
almost that's that's one
well I hate getting cavities Phil is so
stupid and annoying I want to make it my
mission to not eat a donut for a whole
week do you think I could do it just got
to Mary's house cuz she's babysitting
Isaac and she's gonna make me breakfast
Thank You ball all right I think we need
some introductions cuz you guys never
seen it baby how you before you smiling
just loves camera know who's Ally
we need more explanation brother not a
child
it can't add my niece - isn't that weird
Isaac this is your niece by the way did
you know this is your niece yeah
mind blown they're sitting on the bench
right now but Justin's gonna go play
it's dad and drinks that's it
there's Isaac so now that you're done
how do you feel I wish we could play
some more because I could keep going
really yeah back home from the game and
look who's here yeah what you want to go
outside
you just wanted what did you want to do
they're fresh it's a beautiful day out
oh you had to go party that's right
learn to get some dinner with the family
what are you doing there's this new
place over here called Costa vida so
we're gonna try whoa
coastal Eden sounds like this is like
Chipotle or Qdoba so we're gonna see
which one's better I will tell you which
one's better
oh nice atmosphere now it's funny every
time I come over
Isaac always wants to play like football
right here okay let's play
what kind of ball is that oh well a
soccer ball
what kind of ball is this good
what is this ball Oh what
whoa geez that was a good throw two
three go nice football one two three go
Mary just made delicious looking eggs
and toast thank you I don't know you
look very pretty today already impressed
with the burrito look how big it is
what you get here chicken burrito nice I
got the chicken burrito as well
guacamole jalapeno speak out the whole
nine yards folks oh no you didn't get
guac oh you trying to steal mine I love
what they did here that's I don't know
what that is a bubble glass a bubble
bath we should get that in our house
whenever we get one you love that what
are you you can come over if you want
was delicious pretty good it's hard to
compare to Chipotle and Kido books are
so similar are you doing there's a beef
jerky store next door so let's see what
this is all about welcome back to more
mornings with Andy I yeah just seems
like this whole vlog is just morning
after morning after morning because they
keep forgetting to vlog the rest of the
day yesterday actually cuz merry night
yesterday would have been a really fun
vlog but we went out like to the mall we
went and played frisbee golf we went to
a movie but we like went all out one
time and I left the camera on my desk so
I didn't get to film any of it I do have
a picture this is proof that I'm not
lying to you guys
you played frisbee golf yesterday you
know what it's okay sometimes it's fun
to spend some time with your significant
other without vlogging or cameras or
anything because then you can give them
your full attention and that is
something that they will like Mary and I
saw McFarland USA last night I just
wanted to talk about it for a second cuz
I thought it was a really good movie but
that's because cross-country holds a
special place in my memory bank in my
head so if you never did cross country
you might not think it was as cool as I
did but yeah high school is all about
like cross-country for me I never like
I've never showed you guys any cool like
trophies and stuff I got like there's
some trophies like a plaque medal tons
of ribbons like cross country was so fun
in high school like going to state like
every year I think like my junior year
we finished second at state I was
awesome
sometimes movies like don't portray
sports ID correctly it's like oh it
never happened like I feel like this
movie did it really well for like cross
country so if you like running and cross
country stuff you will probably love
this movie but if not you still probably
like it because it's a good Disney film
with Kevin Costner
mr. Dances with Wolves so check it out
if it's still playing into
beater whoa look at all the hot sauces
guys dad comes in here okay this stores
gonna make for some perfect challenge
videos here's the challenge right here
what is it number nine plutonium
I don't know if we could ever do that
for a challenge now I heard very bad a
hundred times hotter than jalapenos oh
my gosh there's hot peanuts wasabi bombs
this is crazy
yes real-life crickets you want to try
one but these are salt and vinegar is
awesome and tons of beef jerky
popcorn token we've never been here okay
you guys you have to leave some comments
if you guys want us to do a challenge
here and if we should come back here and
maybe buy some and the door for a
challenge video what
challenge call challenge ghost chili all
your buddies Gillian
Wow we're gonna have to try that maybe
vegetable chips what this is awesome
check out this hot sauce guys or
whatever this is
what uh Wow definitely gonna be coming
back to that store Brittany what did you
think about it all the sauces could you
ever try any of those I think I would be
able to try some yeah
but the crickets they had like dad like
dead crickets our flavor like cheddar
yeah
sour cream and onion I thought those two
so gross I would love to see you try a
hot sauce I I would do it well I'll hold
you to it them back in good old Walmart
rhythm then in this warmer and so long
just gotta get a few things and just
looking at some games they have duck
dynasty playing cards he got a quick
groceries now our games stopped me and
grit are heavy gamers not now we just
want to see if there's any games that
would be fun for both of us to be we got
the lego movie video game oh yeah me and
Brittany are gonna be playing some of
that excited to play the Lego game Brit
but this comment from yesterday's vlog
made me laugh I like ketchup thank you
for the randomness you guys put the most
random comments I swear but I hope you
guys like the style of today's vlog
since mean Andrew weren't really
together
he was vlogging and I was blogging and
so we kind of jumbled it up and made it
like a different type of episode for you
guys so you're seeing two perspectives
so if you liked it leave a like if you
want us to do more vlogs like this where
he's vlogging and I'm vlogging if we're
not together leave a like or put a
comment below and let us know and we'll
see you guys tomorrow new prank tomorrow
it's a classic one if you guys saw on my
Instagram and give you a hint
but I'll be out tomorrow so
