good morning wormholes we are here at
Trader Joe's Trader Joe's is all over
the place so you should probably have
one in your city and the good thing
about Trader Joe's is everything they
have here is pretty much organic healthy
more on the healthy side of food yeah
and that's the best thing they're cheap
so this is recently opened up here and
we're gonna see if we can get some cheap
groceries today for example these
bananas are 19 cents
Jay can we get these bananas Oh per
banana no yeah I get these do that 19
cents I know so right now we are here
egg section dandy wondering well what
age should I get
Organic large brown eggs or throw eggs
because as you notice these have these
are brown back why are they ground
honestly no one knows
these our privacy heroes appointments
now what I prefer is always looking at
the label does it say it's organic
does it have GMOs etc now Ricky what
type of eggs would you like to choose
today your time begins now
and you're out of time
all right we're only getting a few items
so what I like to get here is the dish
chicken boneless skinless chicken breast
meat oh wait it might be this one yes
it's this chicken breast tenderloins no
prettier yeah no preservatives no MSG no
head
just drop Brittany off back at home and
now I'm heading over to Andrew's house
because we're doing a challenge video we
haven't done a challenge in really well
I guess we haven't we've done one
recently but we haven't done a challenge
in a while so we're doing another
challenge for you guys I know you like
and seeing though so let's go
dad there you are dad playing video
games Hey Oh
we need your filming the video now so
gotta go for one second hi bunny by
bunny reaches
so for this challenge as you guys
probably saw in yesterday's video we're
doing the Buffalo Wild Wings blazin
challenged challenge we got seven
boneless blazing wings and this is gonna
be pretty not fun but it'll be funny I
thought because you guys just love to
watch a sufferer they look pretty good
you want you excited to eat these no all
right not at all let's man please smell
okay Oh God ah they just finished the
challenge guys I haven't had the eyes
peeled because this Pocky I feel you
seem fine it's just like my lips now
hurt very bad no but since I completed
the challenge he has to beg me an ice
cream cone
that should help right oh I just
McDonald's is right down the street so
we're just coming to get ice cream here
my mouth is still spicy back at home I
just finished editing the challenge
video and what are we gonna do now ad
what's coming up tonight how boys are
not even excited enough for us we're
gonna go see the new Fast and Furious
movie with the bros yeah Austin Colton
Josh and us I think it just came out
today so we all bought our tickets ahead
of time and we're going to the movie an
hour in advance because we don't know if
it'll be busy or not but if it isn't
then we will be very goofy for blog even
if it is yeah if it is but we'll just
see yeah how'd you like a care of a mint
thanks man
oh you've never won - we go to the
carrot party either this is Andrews new
front license plate he just got this he
says I did did you get that optimal
first one it's so shiny no it's like a
mirror movies now and you know before
you go see a movie you gotta go to your
nearest superstore and get some snacks I
got my big jacket you to put a drink so
let's see what they have here
I just want to point out also that day
has like cans now they have left they
have the same only one flip here I don't
know what to think of that they barely
have any flavors left don't want a
Clementine YUM got our drinks now we're
at chick-fil-a you know what's gonna
happen we are gonna bring in a real-life
sandwich instead of buying $20 hotdogs I
literally have like almost every pocket
of my jacket full Andrews drink my
sandwich my drink that's about it my
sandwich
Cinemark we don't have to wait in line
haha real-life coltd shine we did the
best seats yes dad where are we sitting
guys show them the secret danger secret
desires my secrets
what snack did you bring cold hold on
get I got cough drops
way too many cough drops I dare you
shoot please tell me children fall
you're gonna ask somebody where the
bathroom isn't fall we just told this
guy about our channel he's looking up
right now
he's very happy he thinks
all right Andrews gonna try the new
bubbly Bay
this is pear flavor I hope it's good
what's happening right now
exciting guys remember when we went
there we did a vlog dart wars the movies
about to start
Andrews it's breaking out the sandwich
you know
yes it's very camera
they asked hey what are you doing with
the blog's h2 studios here it again
movies all done now what do you think of
fast seven hey Furious 7 different Fast
& Furious 7 I thought it was good it's
interesting there's a lot of people
crying yeah cuz Paul Walker but then
they did a nice honor to his life at the
end I thought I was good yeah all in all
pretty decent movie I like a dwayne
johnson he's basically like the whole
can that movie oh yeah so funny you guys
will see it he is like the whole just
carry a giant machine good but i guess
it's your time to go home eight yeah I'd
go home and put it back is if you can
tell already it's that bedtime well well
see you folks see you folks
