hello everyone welcome back to
challenges we haven't done a challenge
in a while so we thought hey let's do
one so what are we going to do today
we've got a really good hot and spicy
challenge for you guys today this is not
gonna be fun if you guys have ever been
to Buffalo Wild Wings you'll know they
have a blazing saucer hottest ultimate
sauce flavor and it's spicy let me tell
you like we've we've done the ghost
pepper sauce challenge in our previous
videos that's pretty bad but blazing I
don't know what it is but it hurts
I think the hottest sauce I've had there
is just a little hint of mango habanero
and I couldn't even like take it so this
is going to suck so we're going to go to
Buffalo Wild Wings pick up some of the
blazing wings and come back here and do
a challenge but what should the winner
the winner is get some ice cream or
something good that can soothe the mouth
alright so the loser will buy the winner
some ice cream soft dessert okay
haha
we're back and the prized possession is
here oh no leave that smell spicy the
rules are you have to eat one wing
before you move on to the next sounds
you have to swallow it then you can eat
the next one it's a start with your
sauciest one push thank you it says me
I'm ready three two one go
oh my eyes are underwater
I'm down to two oh I'm just I'm scared
about the bathroom later that's what I'm
worried about you got this buddy I feel
like it's a workout cuz you start
sweating Wow yes I'm gonna take a shower
ah baby come on you feel no pain baby
come on
ah work with it did you feel ahh Oh milk
I was close I had this little it was in
my mouth but it came back out
you know the worst part about this is
after I know it's like not going away
thank God they gave us here at separate
facility week right now let us know in
the comments if you have ever done the
blazing challenge and completed it wait
but I bet one of you watching this has
done that yeah it has to help well you
have to give me ice cream now can we get
one ice cream cone please you're joshing
boss thank you you won't know just a
bite I hope your lips are on hiring they
are that's the problem why did I have to
lose well thanks for the ice cream yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this challenge
leave more challenges in the comments
below and maybe we'll do one of yours
and then anything else you want to say
that was hot please and we'll see you
guys later
blaze it out
