good morning Cowboys how you do it I'm
feeling better today so I'm very excited
because I'm actually flying to
California tomorrow and I was hoping to
get better before that because I it's
never fun to fly when you're sick or
just do anything I feel better but uh
Brittany and I are actually going to
Cripple Creek right now yep what is
happening oh well we're gonna play her
that right yeah we're gonna go into the
casino and it's her first time at the
casino cuz you recently turned 21 yeah
are you excited I'm a little nervous
because I don't really like I like my
money yeah yeah well it's also nice
because my grandma she goes to Cripple
Creek a lot and so she's got like some
sort of membership and with that
membership since she's gone a lot each
month or no each week she gets like a
hundred dollars to play with and she
said she's gonna give that to me in
Brittany so we're stoked and oh not only
are we going to crippled are we gonna
not oh yeah we're gonna be doing our
let's gambling not that much of it we
are mainly going up for the dinner I
don't know I think we've logged about it
before I think we definitely have it is
literally the best steakhouse we've ever
been to and it's all for free as well
you guys are probably wondering like how
do we always get free food and whatnot
but since my grandma goes there a lot
they know her and they comped the meal
for her like the whole meal whatever you
want so you guys will get to see oh we
could get to order and it's so good like
oh you're gonna be hungry soon so let's
go
ah finally made it it's about an
hour-and-a-half drive to get here so not
too bad but it's nice to finally get out
of the car the whole casino just shut
down all wow now the lights come on
usually when you come to the casino ah
here's the big sounds but now you hear
nothing
there's jima she just won today actually
must suck for some people who were
playing on the machines who are rolling
could have interrupted their game it's
time for dinner now though oh man it
must been dark down here
holy craps yes they just opens were the
first people in snake here you go madam
but yeah every time we come here we love
this black and blue snake House
blackened seasoning shear deer liking it
topped with melted blue cheese crumbles
real-life Caesar salad appetizers they
got different salads but I love the
Caesar the best well so we got here
shrimp cocktail and some beef tips yeah
do you want to try
you can eat this flower by the way you
have flower okay
since the whole casino and the whole
town had a blackout everything wasn't
working their grills weren't working but
they said since we got they just opened
at 5:00 since we got in here they're
gonna cook for us and the other people
who are over there you're only so
fantastic I would have been so sad they
would have missed this meal
the works have arrived for big data and
dinner is served just check that out
folks just look at it with some crab
legs here what's that and we all three
got the black and blue so oh yeah you
know ain't nobody got any time for that
we're stopped now we're going up to
grandma's room which she has the
presidential suite suite which she got
calm she said Wow alright so you got the
nice bar up here the King's room which
is prime my favorite part is out here so
check this out fellas
oh yeah
top floor
dad with a beautiful view so yeah life
is good we're actually not gonna we were
gonna stay up here for the night but we
can because I actually have to get up
really early like I said earlier to fly
burn it but it's okay because yeah and
then there's the secondary bedroom and
not bad
all done chilling for a little bit I
came back home
so got another powered drive but it's
been fun up here from Creek had a good
10 you have a good time Britt your first
time no money nice so we're back home
now not too bad of a drive but this new
app is going around it's getting kind of
popular right now and so I thought I'd
jump on it's a live streaming app and so
here I am live right now it's called
periscope I think focus vlog camera
focus there we go okay you guys can
comment now awesome vlog see look you
can see me and then you can see hearts
and their comments I get to see vlogs
being filmed yes
hey vlog ouch I like that hi future
Keegan
alright well anyways guys so yeah if you
guys want to follow me on this app we'll
probably do more live streaming stuff
it's my name's just Justin Stewart so
pretty simple go follow me okay see ya
anyways that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching and I'll be in
California tomorrow so make sure you
come back here and watch that ball -
okay well
