good morning world we're back in America
just like that all day flying yesterday
I feel refreshed no jet lag but anyways
where we brick what are we having yeah
and yes since it was his birthday
originally grandma cooks food so it's
gonna be good I who is going ham today
nuts
I quit says salad and kitchen make you
kiss I've never even heard of quiche and
here's custom-made dessert what is this
blueberry cheesecake Carly he likes it
because she made a for him when he was a
little guy good
oh geez share the load Oh delish here at
the mall doing a new prank of the week
back in Colorado Springs we've done a
lot of videos at this mall so hopefully
they're ketches and kick us out but
we're doing another dance type of video
it's gonna be very funny how pranks been
going by the way has been going stellar
okay good a quick break I just want to
point out that the mall here in Colorado
Springs
apparently they turned this whole
section into a gym socially JC Penney's
it's kind of awkward Oh what the heck
I'm gonna go out tomorrow and film the
rest of my parts we just filmed Andrew
today so gonna get clips for me tomorrow
with the lovely Brittany California
Pizza Kitchen I used to work here by the
way guys I got fired and I still come
here good we just ate and I forgot to
vlog I'm sorry
but here's what we had brunch Utomo we
had
that's okay we got the PCs for you
though
so just have to pay for the pizza right
now we are in the chick-fil-a drive-thru
because we're actually heading to a
concert right now it's a bunch of
Christian bands are coming to Colorado
and is it cheap it's at $10 at the door
for 10 different bands all right yeah
they're like there's a bunch of great
artists coming so you'll see when we get
there I don't know if you know any bum
but it's gonna be fun yeah hi yeah hi um
then I got a spicy chicken sandwich with
no pickles maybe just a cup of water and
that'll be it just made it to the World
Arena that's where this big concert is
happening and I'm I'm a little sick but
it don't matter I feel like I have like
major-league allergies right now but
it's worth it to come to this concert so
wow this line is so long almost there
packed in there I don't know how
tonight
Oh
back home guys I do not feel good you
could probably tell cuz I look very bad
but oh my head hurts and we left early
I'm probably gonna just go to bed cuz I
don't want to get more sick so yeah hope
you guys are sick and are doing well and
see you guys soon bye
