good morning bananas I am in
breckenridge right now last night drove
up exciting it was going to snow today
for some snowboarding let's go take a
look outside ah yeah it's looking pretty
fresh fellows my parents had this condo
that they rented for the entire week up
here and the real life iron sights and a
friend Nick have been up here since
Saturday today's Wednesday and it's
pretty nice up here actually here's the
kitchen comes fresh installed with some
nesquik and some huichol dog nuts Oh
sound like a townhouse style we got
breakfast is ready bed fireplace with
the TV go upstairs get the washer and
dryer bathroom hello I wasn't to do
though here's my bed there's Nick's bed
hi Nick uh your hair ok mr. real I
parent sites you've been up here like a
whole week I know since Saturday do you
love it it's amazing I lot love it
Aaron's two friends came up last night
as well so they're the ones sleeping
there but they left him a a dinner
surprise sameer ray googie and he I
guess you didn't really want it I mean
it's just a pancake with some cheese on
it and so too there's so just put soap
on it yeah
my goodness gracious like a snow bike
good 23 inches last night I'd say you're
like me in the car bro are we getting up
Aaron and his friends are already on the
slopes maybe how to get my pass that
lost it how to get a new one here's the
real life Nick Smith IE Andy yeah it's
time for snowboarding in Vinnie
California for a whole month so it's
nice to finally see some snow all right
guys visit our first run and I am
freezing my face off we need to buy a
face mask you how that hurt ah alright
so we got some turtle fur totally
tubular bro I got the female 1 yeah he
asked the guys like is this like a girls
or guys he said it's whatever so let's
try it on now we're a little bit warmer
should be more fun we will meet up with
Aaron and his friends and yeah just like
there's nobody here today it makes no
sense it's like his fresh powder it's
just epic met up with Aaron there's
Samir and then Charlie about to do this
mount oh sorry I had to take a small
break I was getting tired Aaron had two
more friends show up so we got like a
huge party going on and he is a potty
potty potty but I haven't really filmed
any snowboarding so it's cold outside I
know all my hands to freeze again did
you guys hear the bad news
zayn malik quit one direction ow what am
I ever gonna do with my mine is any
Malik's gone and then next what Harry
Styles how did you guys hear the bad
news get you the bad news say now quit
one direction reach I take a picture no
I'm video bro did you hear the bad news
what's the bad news Zane now it quit one
direction Oh No yeah I'm serious but
Zane quit though aren't you pissed not
at all dude it's just the worst news a
long day oh no I was just wondering here
in the bad news here today the first
with the Saint Malachy quit one
direction yeah it sucks we're done with
snowboarding for the day it's cool it
doesn't tedeschi
we're just chillin back at the townhouse
now pretty tired playing some madden
that cookie master in here mm-hmm pizza
whoa snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks
alright this morning now I just had
breakfast Oh everybody's had breakfast
all super stoked to go snow buried today
the two tires so I'm not going so I'm
driving back down to Colorado Springs
and I had to pull over because I want to
take a picture of this it's just like a
prime picture just mountain this is the
new camera i just bought we use this to
film our latest 4k video the confronting
bros prank that kind of the worst prank
ideas because it shoots in 4k which is
why i bought it + takes really good
pictures so let me see if we can get a
cool pic of this real quick alright so i
think i got some pretty good ones got
some like wide shots so my close-ups oh
look i'm pretty good so i'll try to post
one on my histogram so you can go follow
me if you want to see it like a good
quality picture i guess
on a magic carpet ride
a new fantastic point of you no one to
tell us where to go see we're only
dreaming
guys look pronghorn hey fellas they're
just looking at me like what is he up to
we do not want to get blasted the whole
herd of them out here and to pull over
to take a look at them that's pretty
cool you can see him right by the edge
of the road made it home and just want
to say I think this is the first
snowboarding vlog that I didn't actually
film like going down the slopes so
please don't unsubscribe and well
actually to make sure you guys don't
unsubscribe I'll go get some
longboarding footage real quick because
it's a gorgeous day out just not even a
okay there's clouds but Colorado is
probably one of the few states or you
can go snowboarding like one second and
then just come home and go longboarding
on the sidewalk the next here's my
longboard if you guys have never seen
him before it's pretty sick yeah Mary
got me this for my birthday sounds nice
of her speaking of Mary what da oh one
more thing it makes me laugh because
since we spent like a whole month in
California we're just trying to like
tell people about Colorado snowboarding
and mountains and these California
natives they're always get like
defensive like oh well California has
mountains teal but like Big Bear Lake
Tahoe and that kind of stuff but nothing
compares to Colorado mountains honestly
there's Mary
yeah say hi goodbye goodbye
oh that's the end of todays vlog hope
you enjoyed it before we go we have the
funny comment of the day which comes
from Rick and he said I farted today but
it's okay i have a jack vale puter so
don't judge me haha we won't judge you
Rick it's okay to fart even without the
puter but I will see you guys tomorrow
