hey guys welcome back and as you can see
I brought a friend along like embarrass
you with my hair like why doesn't it
yeah you're asleep you're embarrassing
me your hair oh good that hair doe but
we asked you guys on Instagram and
Twitter some questions some challenges
and just some things you want to see us
do and we thought we had answered them
can do them today first question can you
guys and like penguins with wings
whoever wrote that comment was a little
yeah where did you guys meet and how I
think we should reenact
now
try to hang a spoon on your nose and say
hey okay I'm gonna live back in a
plywood shed where my skin is brown and
my feet are plan sit in the dirt my
little TV
your plane is being hijacked and you
have to kill the hijackers call of duty
style this is your captain speaking
we're about to land so make sure you're
buckled up for safety yeah thank you
this is your captain speaking
we have no more hijackers I've been
playing a lot of color duty lately
excuse me what are you doing back here
I do not know what's happening I sure
remember anything do you remember no eh
eh eh oh no no no no no no make a
dramatic entrance coming inside or into
a new room
Josie asks do you ever see yourself
having kids if so how many at the same
time Bowl okay yes we plan on having
kids
oh yes we do find having kids but not
soon yeah probably when we're a little
older yeah do a zombie frankly you just
stand on the side of the road at night
act like you are attacking somebody
birthing you're the zombie ready go one
is not my sexy army expert thief here
yeah that's also good right now by the
way you wanna play some grand theft auto
5 we're not going to expense your pat
2.0 that's got some your calls and stuff
it make some games no man I mean I got
that Cuba baby more important oh well
I'll see you guys my butt
so what are you while you will you for
being too handsome how about you I had
way too much swag so speak and you can
have some peanutbutter speak louder
alright guys hopefully answering
questions great and you just then thanks
for asking them asked you guys on
Twitter and Instagram so you're not
following me there no here are both our
instant our username so if you'd like to
follow us do it okay thanks guys
she has a channel link in the
description I'll be doing more of these
videos often so hopefully every week
we'll see you next time
