good morning chicken nuggets we're up
early today this time zone us got us all
messed up it's like 3:00 a.m. back where
we live and it's almost nine am here
we're going to get free breakfast
hopefully it's good oh okay so breakfast
at the Italian restaurant and good or
they have a lot of food this is the hot
muffins and mushrooms yeah there's that
and then come over here
and here's the cold buffet selection
just cereal fruit juice and she said we
can come up to her and order an omelet
they'll make it for us so I might do
that in some fresh coffee
and some cereal for starters orange
juice banana yes today's Breakfast is
especially delicious
we have Nutella toast bacon eggs fruit
some pastries I just ordered an almond I
should be here soon glass of milk and
some goofy beans nice little omelet here
thanks dad huh back from that pretty
good breakfast I got home or not home
I brought up an apple or banana for
later snacking and then we got a few
hours till we actually get picked up so
I'm gonna edit yesterday's vlog and
upload that there's the weather outside
okay is frightful so better just sit by
the fire
yeah really cold why we're all ready for
the day now but you need to get some
coffee
Starbucks coffee Andhra has a gift card
there so we'll see if it works it should
work I don't see why it wouldn't but
they've just have a Starbucks right here
apparently they don't accept the injured
gift card here so I just got a water cuz
I don't know gotta stay hydrated and so
we still got like an hour till we're
getting picked up sort of probably gonna
chill and watch some Netflix but I do
want to point out since we're in the UK
they put different things on Netflix and
for example they have better call Saul
on Netflix here and they have 22 Jump
Street and they don't have cheese yeah
so we've been watching better call Saul
nothing else to do
so we're just dropped off by the taxi
guy and we are in our little studio
lounge waiting by they arrived they
provided us with three about these
freaking cupcakes yeah
Lola's cupcakes look at that not to try
one no they're too good-looking to try
red velvet dough oh yeah well through
some chips candy
screen to watch the show some drinks so
we're going in the Wi-Fi so unless you
think she didn't do it
he's lazy man you stop them no you're a
merkin builder what did I say yeah it's
quite a very good not saying you guys
like
so here's the studio guys tell me finish
oh yeah we just finished my way look in
here and whoa
craps it looks way cooler with all the
lights on and not just the white they
got a nice studio audience up here the
kevin mchale just right there with two
teams and when is this gonna be on yeah
so in April we'll play show you what
what all happened because obviously we
can't show you right now but we're on
the show virtually so yeah it's really
freezing in here so we're back at the
hotel from the show I'm getting a quick
skype session in with Britt
you can't hit you can't hear her cuz I
have the headphones in but there she is
yay hey guys were pissed when we want
pizza okay so we just got some room
service Pizza it's a party it's a pie
what's up this you this box may still
think it's a way bigger pizza they open
it up and say oh hello I used to meet
you
that's okay cuz it's let's see what time
it is actually it's 1151 so that's okay
that's not a jumbo pizza otherwise I'd
probably get a stomachache for bed but
this will fill me up for snack you it's
weird that they don't have ranch here
like what why yesterday when we went
around Europe trip no country had ranch
yes
they're so confusing like hey do you
guys have ranch like ranch dressing like
what the heck for freaking missing out
but this does look good it's got some
nice spices on the bit but her own
how much I love you hey guys rut the
airport now this London trip is over
that's the fastest Europe trip we had
ever done
it was quick that was a quickie but
we're playing Yahtzee with each other
right now and it's mine else to do my
turn
so Yahtzee
oh wow he got four that's impressive
type in here keep the threes
come on Yahtzee come on Yancy are you
kidding me dude you've been doing this
wrong our whole lives whatever on the
airplane now this flights longer honey
for almost ten hours you gotta be
kidding me guys
- food again pasta or I thought it was
the same pasta this time it's different
oh really yes he put in the breads
different and the dessert is different
yeah last time what are you talking
about
this might be the best day ever
back home guys finally that trip longest
plane ride ever
but glad to be back had a fun experience
and I think the show episode is gonna
air in like April but for people who
aren't in the UK they said that we can
show you guys in our vlogs and
everything so when that comes around and
when we get it we'll show you guys what
we did but other than that I guess we'll
let you guys go fish watching and we'll
see you tomorrow
