happy st. Patrick's Day everybody are
you excited I'm not wearing any green
I'm wearing orange do you got green
yeah well that doesn't count you wearing
green
green purse is not green uh uh anyways
we're at I don't know what part of town
this is but we're at this little like
area and we saw this store called Blind
Side when we were driving by it's like a
skate shop and he never heard of it and
we like longboard skateboard all the
above you just got rid of his board so
we wanted to check out and see what cool
stuff they got I love that chair of
Colorado represent jacket snowboard
stuff this is already cool do you want
that yeah Wow let's see how much is 150
bucks
oh well cheaper than I that I thought oh
that's cool just the deck by itself
I want those time to go upstairs to see
what they have some old boards whoa
that's a weird shape of a board it's
like the head snowboards galore that's
pretty sick
these are sick boots 184 bucks formal
hikes what is that I'd be so fun to try
out on the snuff it'd be kind of scared
on this now we're back visiting
Britney's dad's work where's that car
dealership and I'm gonna check out some
of the cars here too all we're at it I
think we're gonna get this one guys
what do you say pretty sick don't it's
too cold out to a good car so we just
show up down the street to the
principal's office took you guys here
before but so cool this used to be a
school by the way and now it's like a
restaurant brewery coffee house so
today's agenda you got a guest coming
over to cook breakfast I bet you can't
guess who that is and then after that go
the dentist gotta go get haircut gotta
go to the bank so it's gonna be
interesting fun day I hope guess what
March Madness is here
yeah well we got brackets here and
everything you guys fill out March
Madness brackets I hope you do because
it's fun usually every year Mary and I
we do a competition to see who can fill
out the best bracket and then the winner
and I get something like a free dinner
or yes sir oil change in a car by the
other person just something fun like
that so I hope I can win this year
because last year I think I lost I think
I've lost like every year except one
also one more thing did you know the
n-c-double-a from this tournament is set
to make like millions and millions of
dollars from the television like ads and
just people watching on TV that is just
crazy I don't know if you guys follow
like college sports or college
basketball maybe you do maybe you don't
but have you ever heard that argument
that these student athletes should be
getting paid since since the like the
NCAA is basically making like millions
of dollars off these athletes
they should be paid what do you think
should they get paid or not
it's a tough discussion because they're
like their students and they want to go
pro someday but if you start paying them
now that they already be Perl like I
don't know the breakfast crew has
arrived
good
Isaac and Mary came over to make
breakfast this morning did you go poop
huh what so funny trying to figure out
what it says what he's saying half the
time
huh ball football as a football really
do you like to play football Wow okay so
we were gonna make french toast but
have any bread so had to go to the store
real quick and get some so we can eat
breakfast finally they're good and
trusty King Soopers yes if everybody
wondering cuz they've closed some new
people to the vlog if you haven't seen
Isaac before he has not my son Isaac is
Mary's brother
so we're bros
maybe once a cookie well we tried
I don't like King Soopers have to give
you such a big receipt for just a loaf
of bread that's all we bought this is
like huge why are you doing this are you
ready for breakfast yes yeah tick tock
that's a clock you're right yeah yeah oh
yes french toast as it got Mickey Mouse
french toast who's that Mickey Mouse
Mary makes the best french toast by the
way it's time for the dentist get my
teeth cleaned you gotta go every six
months if you want to have some good
healthy teeth you know what I'm saying
oh let's do it
all right all done with the dentist I
was gonna try and vlog when she was like
cleaning my teeth but then it just got
kind of awkward so I did it but I have
to come back to get a feeling of a
cavity my tooth
why must be all those doughnuts I had
kids make sure you're flossing you're
gonna have to get cavities time for a
haircut and sports clips all done with
hair cut do I look gorgeous now I feel
like this lady puts so much gel in my
hair like it's just wet and losing I
don't know why she did that
I'm gonna go wash my hair I feel like I
just looked like a freakazoid all right
fix my hair I think it looks better I
hope it does but I don't know why she
put so much gel in there like for pete's
sake yeah so getting a lot better than
before and be honest surprised were on
an airplane ya wanna know why watch
tomorrow's polish oh yeah watch your
mouth blog yeah watch tomorrow okay
thanks for watching today's vlog we'll
see you guys tomorrow slog and
that's all for today's vlog a bang are
you guys excited for tomorrow's law
