good morning guys how's it going we are
up early today got up at like what 6:30
because if you watch yesterday's vlog I
mentioned we're doing the incline today
if you don't know what that is what you
probably don't since you don't live in
Colorado I will show you just what
exactly it is it's up here in Manitou
Springs is this giant
staircase that goes up the entire
mountain and most people here in
Colorado it's it's a big challenge for
them it's really hard to complete if
you've never done it before you guys
excited what I didn't even complete in
45 minutes dad does not know what he's
talking about so here's the very first
step of the incline and yeah it's like
way I think it even it goes past there
so oh geez
it's just this and it gets way steeper
too like this is not anything right now
holy craps
if you ever in Colorado want a good calf
gluteus maximus workout come here
toned up and you'll be sore for a few
days
so walking up a mountain you have to
occasionally take breaks is it no we've
been going at it for like an hour so far
thank goodness mom brought some water
bottles and snacks for the tops right up
there I'm very thankful there's trees up
here with shade because today's supposed
to be like 80 degrees out and there's
nothing yeah there's not much wind so we
found a shady spot
we made it good job yes a treat
hey guys proud of yourself very proud
but you guys gotta check out the view so
the hard part's over now hiking up I
think it's like a mile hike up but then
it's like a 2 or 3 mile hike down which
is pretty easy considering you have to
go downhill yeah and there's a lot of
shade because of all the amazing
Colorado trees here
look at this it's like 80 degrees up and
you can still see all the snow like not
cold at all
there's waterfalls oh I can't wait to
show you guys over summer all the fun
things we're gonna do for the vlogs
Wow we're almost there
there's the parking lot we've been doing
this forever
yeah we did it you guys did it
Congrats since we conquered the mountain
Brit needs a little treat I just like
every time we're down here
I always just crave that's gross cough
because it's so much better than
Starbucks or anything else yeah and our
friend works here and last time you give
us a free drink so finally back home and
it's not even noon yet
11:00 starting the day off right today
folks but now I'm gonna get a quick
shower and get ready have some lunch and
then each is probably gonna come over
and we're gonna go pranking so all right
so I'm all showered up with Andrew oh he
knows we're at UCCS right now whoa
overexposure because we're in the shade
and it's sunny out there but yeah as you
can see we're getting ready to prank
here at UCCS and we're using his new
camera for this video
yeah it shoots in 4k so this goes well
you might be seeing 4k pranks from now
on so beautiful we've been filling for a
little bit and this guy what's your name
Cody Cody he's been watching our videos
and how long you've been subscribed i've
been subscribed about six months but
i've been watching for a year so Jude
rock on thanks for watching and Wow we
ran into another guy who watches our
videos anything you want to say just
keep doing your thing I love this how
much goes on at this school so the fact
that you guys are here is pretty awesome
thanks for watching we appreciate it
I was just pranking these folks here and
apparently watch our videos right all
the time
I didn't fool you did I no darn it well
for a second the sunglasses yeah well
how long you uh you both have been
watching right yeah Wow how long on red
at one day and I noticed those library
chairs yes I got all these now let's see
if I recognize ooh well thanks for
subscribing and yeah of course being in
the video thanks for doing what you do
what did you just say bro how's it going
you watch the videos I'm assuming oh
yeah definitely
he has no idea well thanks for watching
absolutely yeah put you on our vlogs
thank you what are we doing doing now
worst prank ideas worst prank ideas like
the comments like you guys yeah it's
that good stuff yeah zebra it's
literally so hot outside we had to come
in here and take a break because I wore
jeans for some reason I'm dying of heat
are you still hot though in those shorts
oh no oh dude
it's like death out there it's like
summer already
yeah filming right now folks got a nice
little setup over here nobody can see me
so we think we hear dad up in one of
these windows we're gonna see if it is
really dad hey Dad no no you watch your
videos really yeah cuz we have the put
tripod out in the camera and I just look
over thanks for watching the video I
don't know who up there the guy upstairs
was pissed that we were trying to find
dad I did you guys he was on the very
top level I know but on a happier note
Dairy Queen today is giving away free
ice cream cones I don't know why it's
their 75th year anniversary dude oh
that's why 75 years holy cow I hope it's
not big I'm trying to get better it's
just a cone bro it's no hot outside it
kind of picked a better day to get away
free ice cream here we are at the Dairy
Queen it's very busy I'm parking it
freaking McDonald what the heck dude
talking lines going crazy oh this is the
store they told us they do have GMO beef
ingredients yeah just so you know that
ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream
has arrived got a real like combo of
vanilla and chocolate this is very good
job Brittany got the these Nike FuelBand
a while ago and I've been wearing them a
lot lately to help motivate me to like
work out more and so I set my Nike Fuel
goal to 3000 basically that just means
like how active you are so the more
active are the more the number goes up
and 3,000 is pretty active today got
4900 so far because of the incline that
we did and and this is how many steps
I've walked today 12,000 I'm just so
happy right now I just thought I'd show
you guys that I don't know if you guys
use a Fitbit or anything like that but
this is fun and it it's just I like it
so and since you guys know we're all
about coupons and since you know bar
Louie is one of our favorite places to
eat at we went to the restaurant
recently and we saw like on their little
cards their little menu cards it said
like text this number to get a free
appetizer and me and her both texted it
so we both have free appetizers at Bar
Louie so very excited about that
ladies first
yeah we're sitting in a booth today but
look
no one is here this has got to be the
best it's always nice when you just did
the whole place to yourself no matter
where you are here's the flatbread I got
I got the Santa a flatbed then we got
some chicken quesadillas and you got
what
well since we today we're burning so
many college this is just going to be
immediately right now that we're back
from that delicious dinner it's time to
relax again play some ps4 I'm playing
dying light right now I don't know do
you guys play this game if so it's the
best our legs are so sore from today
yeah here's what the pool is gonna look
like in the summer all this is gonna be
open and then there's a bar right here
there's a jacuzzi right here water
slides back home jacuzzi was nice and
it's pretty late so probably gonna go to
bed now but thanks for coming along
today hope you enjoyed your stay and
don't think I have anything else to tell
you right now well see you later
