good morning folks how are you
dangerous good well anyways we're here
in downtown Colorado Springs as you can
see it's buildings and it's quite boring
yeah it's like I don't know it's a
different type of area in Colorado it's
a little older more historic but uh once
you tell them why we're down here anyway
so we're filming a video today for a
prank it forward yeah if you guys saw
the first one yeah did you see the first
one wherever you give back to a teacher'
video for a prank before it again yeah
yeah I'm excited but we'll see how it
goes hopefully it's really easy to film
we don't have any trouble but you never
know if this kind of stuff I mean and
you're trying to decide who should go
first for this video so we're gonna ask
a random person if they can decide
either me or him
say say pick one of us excuse me pick
one of us just pick one
point to one of us
all right all right it's me
thanks he pointed at me so I have to go
all right we just got some good clips
down in Old Colorado Springs downtown
downtown now we're in Manitou Springs
and it's really funny because I just
paid for parking not really I didn't
really want to pay so I just turned it
on let's just show you guys it says paid
parking from 5:00 to 8:00 or it says
free part our parking hours 8:00 to 5:00
seven days a week it's 4:15 around I
typed in my license plate and it said
either pay to park or three hours for
free I was very confused too because it
has an option here pay to park or free
our free option available yeah I choose
to pay to park this time so random that
guy right there just said Jason to
studios
thanks bro that was random AC studios
then just keep walking yeah this part of
Colorado is super awesome it's like a
bunch of old buildings everywhere people
playing musics is super cool and there's
a penny arcade right over there which we
will show you guys
so here's the penny arcade's you can
come ride all these obviously for a few
pennies really fun if you have kids or
even if you're an adult it's fun to come
here
what other rides they got we got arcade
amusements just games everywhere
like really old games - really random
old games
then they have the arcade derby which is
where you race horses well nuts all day
I see we usually go in there and have
horse races and it's really fun with
friends be it even says world-famous
Pitti inner gates all it is in here is
just games games everywhere
so right now we are visiting my sister
at her work she just recently got a job
at Plato's Closet it's like a clothes
store if you don't know what that is oh
yeah we were gonna surprise her and say
hey and she's just parked right there so
we just pull up right right so it's like
that awkward but oh one cool note see
right here Bridal this is where I got my
tux for my wedding
I knew shapes
hey surprise helped to shares here
Sheriff Brittany's friends here
the best jump of all time hi
yes welcome she's gonna be having dinner
with us oh yeah party just wanna point
out this stores I can overdose too close
like seriously it's just this is not
acceptable you guys making fun of me
because I'm vlogging to white now that
we're done saying hi to Hannah we're
gonna get some dinner at Mimi's Cafe
with Shara
Britney and mom who just showed up Oh
welcome I'm just having a girls night
today judy's yeah sorry I didn't film
the food I completely forgot don't not
unsubscribe you're back sure well I'll
tell you what we got though we got the
grilled salmon it was really good
thankful that was like a perfect size
whoa it's dark now dry though huh so
back home gonna chill and meat enjoy
probably gonna make it goof squad gaming
video got farcry up Far Cry 4 last time
we tried to make a gaming video but I
completely deleted the file an accident
and it was a funny gameplay and so we're
just gonna redo it and we're trying to
upload more trying we'll see how that
goes but it's just a chill night and
then tomorrow um me and Brittany are
doing the incline in the morning with my
mom which in Colorado if you ever come
here you have to try it it's like a
challenge you have to overcome it's this
big hike up the mountain it's all it is
is stairs like for ever you'll see in
tomorrow's vlog but that's what we're
doing in the morning early and then
we're gonna film a prank meanie and
yourself gonna be a good day it feels so
nice to finally be back home I think I
already said that to you guys but like
it really does pink on a month coming
home it's just like such a relief
because you have your own food you get
to go do your own bed it's just nice but
um anyways I wanted to read the comment
of the day to you guys so if you saw our
last video where we opened up a bunch of
like Australian candy and just some
random stuff with the fan sent us some
guy commented dude the jerky and
Chocolate Drops are dog treats lol and I
got 18 thumbs up that makes me laugh so
hard because I don't know like it that
explains a lot because it tasted so bad
and now I understand why but I'm still
confused on why their dog treats because
they're the main ingredient with sugar
I'm pretty sure like dogs aren't
supposed to eat well the top comment was
the jerky and and the candy was dog
treats oh boy
dangers gonna laugh when he hears this
one more thing before I go is we're
gonna be doing this awesome thing that
we want to get you guys involved in and
the best way to explain it is we're
doing Hawaii around the world and so if
you want to get involved so we want
people from all across the globe sending
us a video of them basically doing this
oh we want people from all across the
globe to send us a video saying like
your name and where you're from and then
say hi a like yelling so if you're in a
different country and speak a different
language we want you to speak it in your
language some people have already sent
us them so this is a good example so
yeah I just think it's so cool they're
from Amsterdam and he said hey we're
from Amsterdam boy
so if you're from Japan say it in
Japanese if you're in and if you're in
America say what state you're from and
then say Hawaii yeah I will leave an
email link in the description let's just
make sure you film it with a nice camera
we want to make sure this video is
high-quality and if you want to be a
part of it send your video to the email
description and soon we will be
uploading a video of just people around
the world same way so think it's pretty
cool anyways thanks for watching today's
vlog guys I hope you had a good time and
we'll see you tomorrow new worst prank
ideas coming this week
