hey guys welcome back to part two of the
fan mail opening slash snack trying
slash candy extravaganza we still have a
bunch of snacks to try from Australia
chocolate beef jerky
candy hey guys she's got glasses mine
okay so what are we trying first new
candy
yeah this Candy's not even out yet guys
they will be in stores soon I think but
this one is tropical Campanas is very
couple last it's chewy candy with super
sour candy dip so let's there's the
chewy candy and you dip it in the Salas
so we got them both open Andrew why
don't you try first look they come with
like different shapes like this this
looks like what are those this looks
like a lightning bolt that's a guy yeah
I don't know okay well anyways we're
going in it's sour dude I don't know
what the like make out of this good or
bad
definite no dad you try now okay here we
go
the sour sauce is really good by the way
yeah I'm not - try another one this is
blue with red sauce the sauce tastes
like Hawaiian Punch hmm well how many
sugar cubes do you give this candy out
of ten one out of ten sugar cubes I'd
probably give the sauces probably like
eight and a half sugar cubes but the
candies I could I could be like a little
bit chewier so probably a seven out of
ten sugar cubes if you like candy you
probably will like this so might as well
try it when it comes out all right well
here's the Australian candy mix the
a lot of things to try here because we
have never heard of any of these are not
only I'm probably only had a stomach
ache after this but who cares no the
whole thing in one bite
oh yeah what do we try first yes this is
cherry ripe a big cherry tape honestly I
don't really like cherry
I hate cherries like any cherry flavor
I'm not really into so sounds
interesting this is just like almond joy
really I wish I could try why is it
called Jerry you can't taste cherries at
all no just think up another enjoy I
know today's my coconut you Australians
the big cherry taste no this next item
is called chump
it's a caramel caramel that's all it
says those vanilla wafer things you know
you give this strawberry chocolate
vanilla mmm there's like a caramel taste
to it that there is that
just tastes like eating basically
dark sweet dog food that's what this is
yeah this was my buddy nicely its whoa
cats caramel oh just like your basic
chocolate can't caramel yeah that I give
like a six out of ten sugar cubes my
voice all right that's better than them
vanilla wafer one so I'll give this a
seven I like that shot with oh that's
pretty good though
all right now we have an aspirate show
Quito chewy caramel again with crunchy
balls and loads of chocolate there's
three grams of protein in here and 30
grams of sugar yes
we got taste like a little rice krispie
treats but with sugar licked I'll give
that one a eight out of ten sugar cubes
probably a six point eight now this Oh
what is that violet crumble this sounds
messy just listen this is old ha ha good
really what is it oh no it just look
like it was so old cuz you just like I
know it seriously looks like the
astronaut ice cream you get it to
science story that's so weird
whoa you got fired okay yeah honestly
looks like styrofoam whoa no it's just
some s'mores oh yeah that's good dad
yeah we have nothing like this here in
America what's next Scott trying to open
this Dagenham whatever
rock rock 'el a road huh Rocco Rock
Aaliyah Road Rock Lee Road
sounds like rocky road but not Rock Lea
Road I have peanuts in it no freakin way
you're having second thoughts um no I
wouldn't get that again ever
I got six oh well I need to try new
favorite candy don't really have like
any flavor at all it just kind of like
bland now the last two things we have
left here are these I don't are these
suckers or what is this mm-hmm
what is that do that directions well I
get to build this guy I'm gonna get a
very minuscule little sucker like it's
like a happy meal of candies like you
get a prize huh
mine's a vehicle what they did my guy
can i displace them belt my spaceship
man I got a sticker right here it's
really cool spaceship I don't want it
we'll miss be lost the instructions but
this guy he makes pizzas because here we
are moving on that was all the
Australian candy so very interesting
that's for sure but now what do we have
- some cow pies yeah the I don't know
what these are but they honestly don't
look too appetizing I'm like this says
jerk what is it exactly called
stonewalls jerky Oh
dude it does not smell like beef jerky I
didn't promise this is edible this looks
like poop yeah you gotta try it
it's just GMO meat good I don't know
what this is good boy is this someone
just sends a bunch of poop ah they're
just a prank this has to be like dog
food because it says the ingredients are
defatted soy flour so there is
absolutely no neatness who would buy
this smell like this does not this taste
terrible if it doesn't have me it's
obviously some sort of vegan beef jerky
she challenged us to go vegan for a week
and eating only
he bites it let's try these I'm very
suspicious about these now at least it
looks normal it was like normal her
she's like chocolate why did she send
this or whoever sent this there's not
taste like chocolate I want to try well
okay no no why did you send this I think
the number one ingredients just sugar
yeah this is basically sugar kernel oil
car about er and soy what the heck oh
man
thank goodness we're not ending on that
note that was like your taste of that is
just oh it just gets worse and worse
yeah no guys don't ever try just won't
ever try ever try kebab drops or
stonewalls jerky mild like terrible
thank God we ended with Hershey's give
me some of that now I lost my appetite
way better now this is chocolate I mean
Hershey's is good but I don't know why
girls go crazy over it like uh that's
about it folks I don't really have
anything else I want to try where we
can't even try tonight we're going over
to a friend's house Colton's if you guys
remember and hopefully there are some
good snacks there cuz this is bad I did
I brought chips and salsa so they'll at
least be that well that's it for today's
vlog folks and before we go I just
wanted to let you guys know that I we
are sorry for the slacking on the vlogs
lately we've been skipping days and I
feel like our vlogs could be better so
I'm sorry about that but these upcoming
weeks we have some cool things planned
and we're just going to step up our game
make the Bucs funner to watch for you
guys get you guys more involved like
will do more challenges and pranks but
you guys recommend so just thanks for
watching and
I guess we'll see you on Monday goodbye
