good morning bagels how are you okay
before we start the fan mail video we
want to let you know that we are back in
Colorado I'm sorry we didn't film us
taking the flight back here we had to
get up super early and it just wasn't
going well so happy to be home yeah hope
you're happy too but this is probably
they're gonna be like the biggest fan no
video we've ever done because we were
gone for a month so we have the stack of
letters and then these packages so let's
just get right into it here and like
always packages will be last so let's
put these down here alright guys our
first letter comes from Kaylee she lives
in Colorado as well and she wrote two
personalized letters one for me and one
for Justin and it's got picture uh nice
letters you know this is me
very good drawings Kaylee serious she
said her videos make her really happy
and she likes the wedding proposal I
this begs and I like how she signed it
your potato this letters from Creighton
he lives in Utah he enjoys our videos
and loves watching every one of her
vlogs he also draw this Jace do picture
which is fabulous that is really cool
dog that must have taken you a while I
will be keeping this thanks krazee next
letters from Alex he says hi guys I've
been watching your videos since 5-12 one
will you make it five minutes 13 yes yes
can you read this on camera yes yes and
here 0.8 thanks Alex this letter is from
Warren Harper and I thought it was funny
cuz in this letter he says he doesn't
know our names and forgot oh he knows
Kevin's name so this is Justin and
that's it nothing bag of bullet somehow
this got through the mail he says he
collects those yeah and bats head
basically thanks for the letter bro
this letter some Sean he's 11 years old
is in fifth grade
said that our slutting video warning
made him to one go sledding on his
grandma's house so I hope you went
sledding he wants to become a youtuber
and wants to know if I'll sell my nerf
guns yeah Shawn this letter is from
Nelson and he says he subscribed to 305
channels but more J's do is his favorite
oh my god that is an honor by the way
then he sent three drawings wanna
Pikachu for some reason to more Jase to
two more dates you a beautiful toy a toy
a and then my favorite of them all just
wait
nice Thank You Nelson this letters from
Sweden whoa it's a letter from pudy pie
he doesn't live here though so he this
is his pootie pies number one fan and he
sent a bag of Splenda
so brofist this learners from Milan I
don't know how to say that it's why
he'll LAN his loves her videos and he
sent us a bunch of like little index
cards with cool drawings on him like
chase new studios there's the sexy army
and just to address this Kevin does not
live with us anymore
and we can't show him any of the mail
you send us so if you keep sending stuff
to us to Kevin he'll not see it just FY
and he sent a $10 gift card he says
right here and you love her videos I'm
assuming these two quarters are through
the ballin Haney foundation so that's 50
more cents plus Broncos whatever just
got a very lengthy letter from a poor
man that's how he addressed his name and
about half of this letter is him
addressing concerns about our following
videos for destroying products I just
want to say real quick that for our
following videos if there is ever any
product that ever got destroyed or
tampered with we bought it so you don't
have to be concerned about destroying
products and stores if you was just
asking a lot of questions he has a lot
of questions about YouTube partnerships
and stuff so
there's plenty of resources on the
Google you can find that information
thanks for the letter poor man we can't
answer all your questions it just go
this video go long way too long this is
from hope she's 14 years old how old is
Erin Andrew she wants to know 17 my
favorite color is like royal blue you uh
red I don't know and she just loves both
channels that we do this is for the bald
Andy foundation and another quarter my
god Wow we're up to 75 cents today folks
she had the hoi a thing here picture of
me that she wants to sign and a picture
of an injury but there's no return
envelope
oh but yeah yeah thanks so much hope for
the kindness you sent here this letters
from Alex he really loves her videos and
he says that he's afflicted with a lot
of sadness which makes me sad but I'm
glad our big nose bring a smile on your
face yeah yet very interesting letter
here from Big Jim you walk dear Justin
Andrea etc I've been watching your
videos for three days straight my eyes
are sore I haven't slept I haven't eaten
it is a miracle that I am able to type a
coherent sentence he's basically in this
rest of the letter like him telling me
that he's going to court because to
reimburse him of his time and he also
put a picture of himself which I don't
think it's him but it's funny he says he
hope he's not pissed okay so this next
letter is actually from hope again she
actually sent another letter because she
forgot to put a return envelope for the
pictures
Oh brilliant olam now we can definitely
send those back right away this letter
is from picton and he's been watching
over this for three months he said that
he loves watching her videos but when he
comes home from a long day at school so
that is awesome and he drew us a picture
that he spent a lot of time on that is
awesome he just drew our logo with the
whole a we take it thank you bro this
letters from Gary and Travis me my
brother enjoy your videos and when you
read this I'll probably be watch one of
your video I hope I hope you include
this in a video you should also make a
skateboard video keep up the good work
okay
and he also gave us a random banana
gasket and he drew this
what was his play boy
hey and he gave us 15 cents what we're
up to uh what are we up to Natalie 35
1990 cents
um this is from Matthew and he watches
our blogs daily and his family's Bronco
fans so that is very very good
oh yeah except this - I thought this was
awesome
John 3:16 Bible verse and he just drew
like a cross and stuff really dig it
oh yeah Pokemon yeah Pokemon heart I
know what we're gonna do with those but
what up this letters from Charlie he's
10 years old he really loves our videos
he's from Louisiana necessary video is
helium they drive through and he said he
really loves seeing us in the NFL
commercial which I did you yeah he also
sent these are actually beads into
balloons from Mardi Gras since he's from
Louisiana
wow that's cool this is like this is
from Ben and he sent a bunch of hoi $1
the bald friends dollars
throw the ball Justin bought Andy and
the bald Britney foundation and if you
become bald I would give more money than
you think Justin you could go bald -
yeah and he took this random drawing
that he colored in I guess I'm very good
that's cool though and oh there's a
letter here but he put more just you on
the back and he actually lives in
Colorado so thank you sir for watching
our videos and this random stuff here
don't send a Kevin he cannot read this
from Joey he also gave us two quarters
for the bald
Andy foundation a picture though oh
what's that from I don't know how you
guys find these piggies give us - peep
meaning that's sick alright this is from
Jake he drew a hot anything here and
included a random balloon and I'm just a
bit I think this
homework he drew a bunch of drawings
that are just there Oh buddy thanks for
this Jake
dear carrots my name is Christian I
watch your videos every day he says I
said hey to my mom and she grounded me
she didn't know what it meant
nobody give us a penny for the ball
Danny conditioned to pasta through this
j stu studios dad I'm stuck in here I'm
not sure who this is from
might be Charles but he sent a drawing
of a 2015 Chevrolet Camaro z/28 a very
good job and he wants to know how old we
all are I'm 21 I'm 23 Brittany's 21
Mary's 20 how's Eric they're 17 this
letters from Matthew he loves our vlogs
pranks and gaming videos that's it
I'm sure eating just from my Terry he
says you make awesome funny videos and
you always make me watch them what it
says burp on Andrew well why'd you do
that I just burped on the other so this
I was from Adrienne from Boston he's a
fan who watches our videos and he ten
dollars for the bald indie foundation
yeah plus a drawing of the ho a car yay
this letters from Christian he's from
New Jersey his sister actually
introduced him to our videos and he
wants some advice
ses YouTube channel I'd say be
consistent be unique and just enjoy what
you do don't do it for the money he did
buy our merch and he's got a lot of
compliments on the sunglasses which
aren't available anymore so that's
awesome man thanks for the support
it just says to the jays to people from
pt-17 talbot you just drew this cool
picture of a accessorizing from
Thornberrys I don't know I write and I
think that's much from so good chase you
should use it is
cause cuz here's what he says Vincent is
seven years old he drew this and he
wants us to sign the back we'll do that
bro thanks for sending the letter hey
teddy
here's a cool drawing from Caroline
Caroline and by the way she said she
wanted a shirt for her birthday which is
March 12th us are we didn't get you a
shirt but today is March 12th so happy
birthday yeah happy bday for sure hope
it's fun for you yeah I love that
definitely keeping and she has this
envelope here says please support the
cause you didn't have to do that you
crazy
thank you and this I don't know what
this is it's a big letter letter
basically saying the same thing that was
on the back of this so thanks this
package is from Australia and it says
they paid $14 just to ship this so
whoever this is Wow and here's what's
inside ice you've gotta be kidding me
no and letters like a lot of letters the
infamous bracelets Justin Congrats on
the wedding thank you Andrew keep flu
food blogging and here's a picture of
you guys what the included this trip a
candy that includes a toy you built
choose wisely
this guy got always hidden violet
crumble we don't have these here in
America obviously a joke Quito oh my
gosh I jump a rock K Rocco a road and I
guess here's the like things that you
get like prize yeah that's interesting
this is from Jordan and she's from
Victoria Australia and she loves our
channels and I remember she tweeted us
not too long ago asking what our
favorite colors were and so she made
these bracelets based on what our
favorite colors were I put mine on the
his head
and okay so what we're gonna do guys
since we have like this box this box in
another box we're gonna take these
candies and whatever else is in these
box and make a separate video like doing
reviews on each of these candies us
trying them and whatever else is in
these ones just so you know we're gonna
open these ones but we're making a
separate video of us trying them this
next package is from Adriel that's a
cool name he was born in Denver realism
Minnesota now and is there is money for
the no bald
Andy foundation and they also put a and
E for president and Justin for president
2016 or not but hopefully yes can you
imagine if we actually ran for president
no dad dad other dad why a for life yeah
I love it included or some extra large
Hershey chocolate bars which we will try
in the next video okay so this package
is actually from a candy company they
want us to try this candy candy that's
not even out yet I don't think
and they're called kadooks so we won't
do it this video we'll do it along with
the next video I lost trying these
candies and then we'll try this new
candy as well so this is the outside of
the box then a cover sheet gelatin which
is fabulous they look like little beans
these in the world stonewalls jerky what
it's beef jerky Oh kebab drops Wow
chocolate in here what heck why what's
happening
they're called skid kabobs do a little
caterpillar I love this elephant though
what what the Andy 500 awesome Justin
awesome Justin beverage and lots of
letters in here oh my gosh hello just
manager I love your videos and I made
this for you while I was greeting this
reading paper and my classmates were
making fun of me I hope you like it
you know your classmates heard Thomas
we're making fun song I love it we love
it
Rachel wrote this really long letter
those super kind and she just loves her
channel and she actually got diagnosed
with the skin disorder and our videos
have really helped her and she just has
more confidence now and she loves our
pranks she likes that we're better than
Justin Bieber and she wants us to do
this challenge she knows that we love me
and she wants to just try and go vegan
for a week Wow I feel like that'd be
very hard very hard maybe maybe and she
doesn't think we should all go bald and
she thinks we should come to Tennessee
and she's glad that we don't curse or
insult people unlike some people
heaven she says also there's a picture
of DJ with a buzz cut the drawing is
awesome let's taking you a while to do
the hash coupons and there's also this
it says high aim there little boy is
everywhere
that's just one of the coolest things
this must have taken you so long to do
so here's Kevin Mary Andrew Jacob
Britney and me those are some epic
drawings this seriously it looks like it
took you forever to do so like and you
had to do so many of them like thank you
for doing all this and like I said we're
gonna try this chocolate or and meat or
whatever these are in the next video so
thank you so much Rachel for all your
support and just sending this stuff to
us you're the best
and before we go from today's fan mail
we do have one last letter from Kevin to
cats
from Canada which Evan doesn't live here
for pete's sake what is it that's a big
old letter dear Kevin Wow that's what
see Kevin nice sexy that is awesome
but anyways guys will upload part 2 here
very shortly thanks again to everybody
who sent fan mail to us and if you're
watching this whole video thanks for
watching we appreciate your support and
yeah we love you guys
yep we'll see you we'll see you guys
part 2 you never had never had a part to
a fan mail this is gonna be awesome
yeah well see you it
these curly
