good morning burgers so we just recently
woke up and as you know Andrew loves
burgers
tow nuts so here at this donuts and
burger shop he has it got to get a dog
this whole time it's going through
withdrawals
you have to come here
yeah
what flavor you think you're gonna get
boss
they have a lot of options yeah all
right guys I'm gonna try the doughnut
this is actually a fairly large
doughnuts compared to other doughnuts
that I have tried before it's cream
filled mm-hmm that's a good donut dog so
we have this awesome prank idea that
we've had stored up for a while and
we're just about to try it but we need
to get a grocery bag that's all we're
gonna tell you because I tell you this
idea you're gonna it's just we can't
it's a secret all right from the movie
do not see me can't even tell you the
movies as you all know we've been in
California for a month and Andrew has
been here with out Mary
and that is because Mary has school and
she just wasn't able to make the trip
out here because of that I do attend
school earlier this week she called me
and she she baited time very urgent and
I was like I think I know what this is
gonna be about
and surely enough she is surprising
Andrew she's coming in she like just
landed so we're gonna go pick her up
and Andrew doesn't know anything about
it right now like we just got done with
a little bike ride to the ocean and I'm
like me and Brittany gotta go to the
store real quick he's like you're going
to Ralph's like like he wanted to come
my god no no like I'll be the kind of
like awkward if you come because I'm
getting like a lot of stuff so I don't
know I think it might be suspicious but
I don't know I think I don't think he
knows Mary's like I don't think it's a
possibility that he knows No so I'm so
excited oh yeah I miss Mary so much oh
girl I like your tank top oh it's really
dark right now but I can't see me we're
walking up right now and Jack said he's
gonna film as well so andr√°s no idea
he's sitting in the massage chair
they're nervous look who's here he's in
so shocked right now you're probably
wondering why we were gone so long yeah
dinner's being cooked right now as well
but this guy that's right you thought my
steak was good oh I actually learned
from him I don't know I find that hard
to believe
but it's really strange it should be the
opposite yeah but I gotta tell you I beg
him to make this mean sometimes why
don't you just become a chef it's just
beautiful it looks
we're notice the juices in the slots
just savoring there I wish you guys
could try this Nick this is like fine
dining for them wow this looks stunning
garlic bread brownies we're on our way
no laughing Chris right we're on our way
to the fan meetup it's Sunday so our
last day here in California we told you
guys about this for a week so hopefully
somebody showed up at least one person
you Jax called and said where are we
what time is it what does that say it's
two forty two forty two three Jack's
already there for some reason it just
likes to get ahead of the game
overachiever
yeah a literally like okay so there's a
smoke village outside can't even see the
ocean what's happening I've never seen
this before
I've lived here two years what holy crap
now you can't even say okay and he
created all this you can't even see the
ocean it's completely like over here
it's complete blue skies and all Sun
it's like all right we're at the pier
it's 302 so let's see if anybody showed
up from the Meetup
so guys
the first fans I'm here Cody it's good
to see you guys
the CEO friends this guy friends he's a
fan you said she's skyping with his
brother cuz he couldn't be here which is
awesome you're a good brother and he be
here he's in New York
Oh what so why didn't you come jeez I
forgot some other friends over here sup
guys we're did some guys here too hey
guys so these guys are from Colorado and
their dog is a Broncos jersey so that is
epic so we're here with watchin Ferb
how'd you find us dude Kevin Kevin Oh
sexy oh my goodness and you live around
here
yeah well thanks for watching man where
dude this guy's all the way in New York
and he's skyping with his brother to
meet us it is like via online
communicating hello what's your name man
Daniel he's been watching our videos and
he brought his hat for us to sign and
what is three years three years
that's impressive I know I've been
subscribed that long I know right and
what's your favorite video probably the
library pranks we must eat loud food
like cabbages
as well here's a t-shirt yeah yeah we're
getting a picture with this guy this guy
watching three years my years two years
like light years that's like this
probably not her
hey folks
yeah they spelling out
hey dad we're here it shows that she'll
explain this way she watched her
trampling bought and came here to say
hello
whoa she said her she found us from what
video
all right so he's gonna take on the
challenge to do vlogging with dad okay
so you guys just go it just got that dad
dad I've been looking all over for you
severa suddenly his name kyle is just in
there yeah nice so we're just finishing
up the meetup here and we ran into this
young lady what is your name Brianna I
got it
yes how long you been watching years for
a long time and how long did you guys
have to drive to get here one hour just
for this thanks mom
yeah thanks mom and thanks for being an
awesome fan
nice
well that about does it for today's vlog
guys thanks for tuning in and shout out
to everybody who came to the Meetup it
was awesome meeting you guys and it's
just cool to know that so many of you
support what we do and you're willing to
drive out just to say but I'll leave it
at that I hope you guys enjoy the rest
of your night and we'll see you tomorrow
new prank is up by the way so go see it
if you want on Jace to Studios pace
