I don't even know you do want the fillet
mignon or the cactus sorry it doesn't
matter oh whoa Oh first night you you
can either have this one or this one
you ain't no weed these are the only two
options in the filet mignon it's
actually let's see because it it's
exceptional food for lucky dogs so thank
you
we're just doing a video oh I knew that
much we're seeing how people react to us
offering weird food this is a spearmint
are you okay I just want to know if you
wanted to try some duck sauce why not
all really pig's foot no thanks
you sure yeah I have a ton here no no
here we are
no for you guys no I insist
trust me like this is very good no
please please just eat it with me guys
you doing prank right how's that how
like I'm thank you
yeah yeah good to meet you man would you
like some bok choy I couldn't finish it
I have some extras so like I I'm not
suppose you don't want any matzo ball I
just tell you might we're just making a
goofy video for YouTube or just offering
people like random foods sorry for
bugging it excuse me would you like some
aloe vera
are you sure oh yeah I bought too much I
couldn't finish it okay I got a hope I
got five of them in a package but okay I
got one that I didn't touch you want
that one yeah okay yeah all right
can I interest you in some filet mignon
it's it it's in the savory juices this
kind of liquid filet mignon but I mean
it's mainly for dogs but I love it no I
would think of them just go all day to
try to get somebody to actually take a
bite of this uh what's it called bok
choy enjoy how can I put the bite for
something I've done we just make youtube
videos offering people really weird food
oh sorry no I just was already
administrator there's one though if you
wanted him because I got too many
