welcome everybody to the blogs Kevin say
hey say hey keV what up we're back with
some more more vids for you guys what do
we do today Andrew tell us guys
so it's Thanksgiving let me up oh happy
Thanksgiving by the way yeah hope you
have a great time some food some family
some fun but Thanksgiving comes with
turkeys right
yeah lots of turkeys turkey you want to
have some fun with some turkey you will
go catchy Turkey's well today we got the
word that there are literally hundreds
of turkeys at this location right so
we're gonna go we're gonna see if we can
catch see we're gonna see if we can
catch a turkey this is gonna take some
work we're gonna need some supplies but
we needed a turkey for Thanksgiving we
want to I want to I want a little turkey
pet so we got to go to Acapulco oh no
I'm not gonna let you he's my boy so
we're gonna go to Bass Pro we need some
camouflage we need a turkey call we need
supplies let's go
here we are Bass Pro Shops they got
everything we need
we found the camo section because we
gotta blend in if there's a bunch of
turkeys what can turkeys see or not see
they can't see leaves it's just
invisible to them our turkeys colorblind
turkeys see red and blue and think of
another gobbler because of the color
around its neck oh I see where you're
going with this
who said that oh yes thanks man
we got a subscriber over here thanks for
watching we found the clearance section
yay which equals good deals
I think I smelled in Turkey see those
turkeys will never see us I know I feel
like a swamp hunter to eat wood all
right guys I think we got some great
camouflage just in
where did that man go oh it's a walking
bush where did he go hey well that was
an interesting occurrence anyway I said
turkey calls yeah we got turkey calls
strike boxes okay guys we got our
supplies and we're at location let's go
hunt some Turkey's first we gotta get in
our gear look like a wookie we got some
turkey calls but this one you got to put
in your mouth we have no idea how to use
it so yeah we got this turkey call did
you serve our snacks no our hunting
snacks come out big big seeds
I got pickle range all right so do we
have a transportation vehicle we have
one prepared for us let's go get it oh
yeah okay right down there I'm blue yes
whoa all right getting your boy so we
got the word throw that away see how
this thing works
ain't goes ID it oh my well plan
constants come the pressure against the
call hopefully this one's just easy is
that what yours is supposed to sound
like
hey Turkey they say in the road rap
please
now this should be down around here he
said what kind of what is the call down
I see some where they're way off in the
distance
we can kind of see them up ahead guys oh
my don't do the right there's someone
over there to show those holes uh-oh
I see it right there think about plan
you see more there yeah guys see him we
can't let them hear us they can only do
this see if you can get their attention
louder we're gonna compete we're going
to compete it's hard to talk to Disney
around we're gonna confuse them the
bystanders if they hear this they're
gonna make what thought them turkeys are
out calling again another pearl what
there's a whole bunch of them oh is that
turkeys fasting turkeys keep going hey
there's the turkeys alright we're
basically invisible so we're gonna park
here I'm zoom back out we're going wrong
we're going undercover bush mode right
there so they're getting ready to run
these guys might be onto us
we come in peace ah back to the vehicle
hold speed full speed we're going in
full sin come out we just want to mask
up four more days
oh right up there haptic oh I thought we
were gonna build again I see you guys
ahh dead dawn rain in the forest I just
want to catch one group all right we got
to use different tactics that was not
working turkey footprints how fresh is
this well I think we know how fresh it
is we just solved if it went that way
yeah what
last time we stopped we gave them time
to evaluate us and so we scared them off
true we got a charge right away at least
this time okay there's a group over
there we could go or we could go explore
that way
all right I'll hit these guys some time
driving and then we'll make our way that
okay just send it you guys see in there
right up here
you know Paul's ok get home you should
have got out quicker God take it alright
we that was a good tactic you done
messed up Paul we I was holding the
camera I didn't know what to do with it
we're searching for more turkeys there's
got to be some more down here you smell
any we're on the scent of them we need
to take a break yeah we need some snacks
we could set a trap
what are you doing I mean my feet I'm a
leaf make a trail that leads to us come
on come on forego this where there's
someone up there
I've heard them okay
smells like pickles because I locked
pickles no fair enough
it's Thanksgiving we don't have a turkey
yet the Sun is setting give me your
turkey here working wasn't carefully
you'll hear him call look up watching
mommy fish that about hunting Turkey
now okay have y'all seen any turkey that
way thanks we don't want them to see us
coming that way these turkeys are
conspicuous we haven't seen any in a
while
I smell like rage he's throwing tickles
maybe we done messed up
we brought the wrong kind of seeds crack
let's take a left here
sorry see it right there you're gonna
have to try a different method this time
what do you what do you you have like
sneak maybe crawl okay their heads are
looking round maybe if I go around
they're running away from this side and
I run around and make them run back this
way go round
I'll make them stay go pay today I go
huh
oh that dang things can fly hey baby
homie I'm out of breath empty they fast
man he dumped little weight up Justin
let's go oh
and that's how sneaky you are it's a lot
of poo anyways it's right there blending
and stop guys that's a coyote right
there
you know what he's hunting for roosters
turkeys oh yeah
hey buddy you want to be our mascot you
wanna help us get some turkeys man
coming out here I was not expecting to
see a coyote whoa
what other animals are out here that we
can potentially find I just like an elk
or deer huh no okay we have one final
charge we've seen the turkeys dead ahead
it's do or die that's no problem I'm
going yeah how did he get ready
get ready to jump out grab him Jimmy
did you get one gimme his right here I
don't know if he could have done
anything different I think that was the
best tactic was to drive up and jump out
attack my family cat food some pretty
cheap well we didn't film an ending guys
but we didn't catch a turkey either I'm
sorry but it is Thanksgiving so enjoy
Thanksgiving with your family enjoy your
food thanks for watching we're thankful
for you and we'll see you back here
tomorrow go back
