hey guys we are here with Jack Vale to
do another challenge for you either oh
well today's challenge we're doing that
not my arms now what does that mean
well that means I'm going to be behind
you I'm gonna be your arms pretty
self-explanatory you'll get once we go
on we're going to show you how to make
breakfast lunch and dinner good evening
everyone my name is Justin and I am here
to show you how to make breakfast and
the proper ingredients you should
include in your breakfast I really let's
just dive right into I love starting my
breakfast off with some yogurt all right
sometimes I don't even like to use a
spoon I just I can die right into it
later the plate now grab the plate we
like to grab the plate here dump it
right on the plate it's easier to handle
than just using the spoon you get it on
your hands it it is very good so yeah
that's what I like to use this work this
is very full of proteins I like to use
it all over my hands because look at my
skin up because it is very very high
vitamin C I don't even like to eat the
yogurt honestly I just like to put it on
me so uh moving forward here we have
some peanut butter this is just regular
cleaning peanut butter you know just
dive right into that as well I just got
like going on morning
I like to just you know yeah absolutely
that is very very good now I like to get
the bread as well come on back good Lord
Jesus it is a bit hard getting into the
bag with this hand but yeah yeah haven't
sampled the bread this is meat bread dip
it and all the rest of the stuff here
we've got very super super good for you
know the flavors it offers isn't
incredible actually protein vitamins you
get the best of all worlds here folks
you might be thinking here in Spain but
have you seen my shoulder blades this is
AB nuts I love this stuff not well you
know let's just go right into the it
might be a bit hard to open the punch
juice now that's a problem maybe this
open man well that's also another
workout mmm
yeah like I said sampling things is
important you know what you don't know
if this is expired you don't know where
it's been honestly so I just want to
ship with that now where m is everything
here we are just let me go you might be
thinking wow that's someone healthy yada
yada yada you you thought wrong folks
you guys want to get sugar in your
system before you go on a run before you
start your day you need energy folks you
need that energy to get yourself pump in
here so got some donuts now mmm just get
right into the point who cares you care
for they will fight double inning your
systems
waiting chairs just dive right in there
come on now just let it all right whoa
whoa no this is just one one of the
meals I like to do in the morning
yeah maybe you'd like to try it after
having a very healthy breakfast you want
to start yourself off the good lunch so
let's just jump right in right and go
down there we are
dessert first as I always say so I'll
shake it up a little bit there we are
let me get at me Chinese nice and ready
yep
there we go except first you miss you
just want to try again
sometimes it gets in your eye but that
doesn't stop you from trying to get
dessert I mean it's really good money
but we will get back to dessert after
our main course here you Annette make
sure you have some vegetables just rip
it open just tear it in does are some
kind of vegetables and got some what is
this I got I'm sort of parsley this is
really good to have a male some of my
favorite meals
just pour it on a little bit yes we go
straight into Mela see what I'm saying
it is a really good meal it's very
healthy and you get your vitamins your
meal for the day
ah there we go must heart this is a know
my favorite cool right there we've got a
wait I'm trying to find the bread there
it is and this is how you make a good
must hard sandwich
he just slap it on there we got some
meat not to open this package somehow
now it's not working
forget the then if you can't get it
open you just go straight did mmm
CSI pretty good ceiling Oh what am I
forgetting the egg for I mean this is a
great meal you just got to get your
proteins you can put any kind of
condiments on it I mail again for
example it's a really good condiment
different on an egg so just squirt some
on there you go ahead to roll yes you
lather it up in the video I don't know
what's about to happen but just crack on
the plate there you go
if their shell don't worry about it
because it's still really good to eat
and you're just kind of balls off the
plate doesn't matter
oh we haven't drink this way to the
right a little bit yeah there we go
you want to just go write it because I'm
very
I am refresh man I'm full so that about
does it for lunch hi I'm Jack Vale thank
you for joining me today today I'm going
to be showing you how to eat a delicious
and nutritious dinner this may not be
the conventional dinner option however
it's smile conventional dinner option I
enjoy everything every single thing here
I'm going to show you how to consume it
properly so we're going to we're going
to take the chicken the chicken is what
you're going to want to most likely eat
first so we're going to go ahead and try
some of the chicken but first before we
eat the chicken we are going to have
some old something else and it's more
than likely going to be the Gloucester
point because you can't properly eat
chicken without opening the guacamole
and then we have sometimes covered we're
going to set that aside from it now we
have it open so we can we can use juice
we can we can have the oranges what you
want to do is you want to make a chicken
guacamole concoction and that's kind of
the goal here is to mix everything
together
so that we're making basically a dish
now we have a dish we had chicken wok
moly and other items other recipes and
you just squish it together you want to
squish it together because basically now
my mom did this when she made you know
as a child growing up she made a
hamburger and different things she'd mix
rice she would mix soup and so things
like that and so you know don't be
afraid to get messy that's the first
thing don't be afraid to get messy messy
cooks are the best cooks now that we've
done this okay we're going to go ahead
and get at your deployed all right well
they put it through the high school I'll
wind it up a little hot this final time
- wait - now what's the rest of it you
want to draw oh oh so here's the thing
when you're eating focus on enjoying the
food that you're eating don't worry
about the mess
someone can always clean up the mess
don't be afraid to get messy that's what
I'm trying to tell you people worrying
about that way too much we're going to
set that aside
what'd I do there fish arrest because
going you want to make room for the
dessert you want to make room for other
things so we're going to look around for
whatever we have whatever we have next
Forks are not normally what you would
which you would pick out for an orange
but we're going to use a fork anyway and
we're just you know what I like oranges
and you're just going to take a bite of
a horn now they Lord mmm not good you're
not really good what you want to do is
you want to dip your finger in the
orange and we and try to find the most
juicy the most plump orange in the cup
you feel feel roll around until you find
the one that suits you now here we go
now we found we found the one that suits
us and so we're going to take a bite out
here we go yeah
guacamole finger and roll edge it's
really really good about this time I'm
ready for dessert I would say uh but I'm
gonna have a break of water first we're
gonna head in there
I'm gonna wipe my mouth no no no no no
so sorry about that I spilled on the
water I spilled a lot of it
we have got to dig in a cheesecake we
got to get this cheesecake going here
because this cheesecake
we got guacamole spilled all over the
place on it we got orange orange up you
know everything here so we're gonna
happen buy it
mmm mmm really good really good
I got a group don't be afraid don't be
afraid to get messy people worry about
that way too much just just let it go
baby
it really doesn't matter who this it
doesn't mean we've had every part of the
course we've had accepting banana we've
not had the banana yet but we're about
to have it right now and you got to dig
into this thing like you never like you
couldn't imagine work here get rid of
the stupid peel throw it down throw it
down and eat the banana and you want to
eat it ready go I'm gonna run it and
deliver it is Allah you don't have to
eat the whole damn
I'm not going to eat the whole banana
but basically here's what you have okay
you've got dinner with Jack bail and be
sure to tune in next time when we'll be
eating lots of other things and showing
you how to properly enjoy a meal that's
all for now folks see you later fellas
so how'd you like it it was fun being
the arms apparently Jack hates guac I
didn't really get the memo you know I
hate Aquatica broccoli no I puked yeah
anyways thanks for watching we hope you
liked it if you did make sure to give it
a thumbs up and please go check out
Jack's vlog channel he does daily vlogs
too ton of extra pranks his wife just do
them a favor he threw up in the video go
check out the least you could do please
so yeah a link will be in the
description and you'll see this guy in
this guy on my channel as well because
they're staying in my house putting up
blogs of them too so if this video gets
732 likes we will do another challenge
with Jack a different challenge where I
make them throw up
exactly so yeah you like and leave some
challenges below and we'll see you next
time see you later
