good morning pee-wee's qe morning and we
are getting some juice we want to start
the day off right so why don't you tell
them about this smoothie place we're
going to just like why we really like it
okay so first of all besides it being
super good I wish like they did but this
is the place that the morning and that
he was gonna propose to me we grabbed
the you thing and it's like I don't know
it's just kind of like a memory other
good thing is we're saving money because
if you download their app we found out
you get three dollars off so we both
downloaded the app your shirt is very
bright today by the way it's like
spongebob I want to go see that movie
yeah man here it is I think their logo
is so cool by the way it's just epic
oh here it is
I got the hummingbird which has
strawberries mangoes just a bunch of
yummy berries would you get I was
craving peanut butter today so I was
like what kind of hazy out right now but
I feel like California is like this
every morning so a couple hours it'll
probably sunny hopefully and later today
we have a photoshoot with Cody actually
so that'll be fun
I'm not sure what else we're doing maybe
you weren't I don't know let's see what
happens we found a stick bug oh it's
bleeding did you step on it looks like a
stick yeah oh hey are you trying to make
is that way better or what
Chuy's oh what happened to it oh no
moving around anything up
yeah yes maybe he was sleeping oh it's
gonna piss you in all right well we move
the stick bug into the woods over here
so he's making his way to the tree oh
yeah to the tree well
don't hit him yeah so we're here at the
grocery store we're gonna shoot a new
prank so we gotta get some items for the
prank for filming in the
stadi rose I got a few items so far look
at those people new Jack and now are in
the baby food aisle as well yes I need
help and no one is helping me I need to
find out if you carry head cheese and in
the I don't know if it's in the deli or
whatnot but years ago you could buy head
cheese it's with the Bologna and things
of that nature H EA D
cheese Edie there's a deli products my
wife eats it not me
all right we're in the library now we've
got all our snacks trust me guys there's
a bunch of weird stuff in the air as a
fish you'll just see so where this
library again good reaction it's the
huge library there's like four floors
here so
nice so we were asked to leave because
someone saw me filming and told it
wasn't anybody we pranked so annoying
but we're gonna go to a different
library now or something and hopefully
get some more clips in bugs French rolls
sir sir
a bean bug snapping a French roll up
here by 13th Street being bought snap in
French roll
hold on Franken got some great clips
can't wait for you guys to see it in the
meantime burger has arrived
whoa easy but I know you guys after
watching this are gonna go - in and out
right like holy craps for five guys
we're back in the car Cody's driving oh
man what are we doing Bret we are doing
a photo shoot for this lovely couple
this they've been engaged for a while
now and they haven't got pics done
so they said Britney must so where are
we going - we're going to the Huntington
Beach Pier and as you can see it looks
super nice out sunsets almost here like
this is gonna be bad not bad it's a
little chilly no picture oh so you're
just that's what she said going up to
the pier now ha ha
have you seen my dad nice bike keV hey
guys have you seen my dad if you have
seen my dad have you guys seen my dad
nah okay
they almost done with shoot money ready
to take a food break Cody said so can't
disobey
sniffing it
it's Toni :
another sandwich right
others say another sandwich dad now for
the final part of the photo shoot we got
his car parked here and we're in the
sand this is gonna be epic
thanks for watching today's vlog folks
hope you liked it
before we go we found some goofy
comments again read yours mine you for
coming today is doughnuts are handsome
that was a very good one James I am the
donut master send anything that has to
be done once I'm all four and then I saw
another cool comment says hey guys I
just wanted to tell you that it's great
that you're pursuing your dreams of
acting I am as well and I even have a
show tonight wish me luck well good luck
you man
I think you already did it but I hope it
went well and just I appreciate the
comment you guys did leave a ton of
challenges that we're gonna do we're
gonna do it today and it'll be in
tomorrow's vlog so we're gonna pick
maybe at 1 or 2 or something go in the
store and do them so also before we go I
wanted to ask you guys if we had our own
TV show would you guys watch it if so
give this video a like yeah give it a
like we want to see how many and likes
it gets if it doesn't get any likes and
I guess nobody wants to watch our show
at least one person does please yes but
anyway
