what is Upsy which is a scene which is
the sandwiches sandwiches start the
morning off right with breakfast at
chick-fil-a yeah by the way they have
free coffee all through the month of
februari
so if you are taking advantage of that
offer
get some coffee
today we're going to dance it out you
guys are coming with you did this awhile
yeah they inviting the skin so we're
going to do some dance or what play are
they doing today we're doing like
Broadway style so we're doing the Wiz
I'm going to be the Tin Man
just Justin's line and Brittany's a
witch the Good Witch yeah we finally
made it guys I just don't know if
they're open right now
they have a bunch of curtains here
Oh Billy guys
what are they chillin in here yep Billy
Billy what's the Billy blank getting
stretched out before dance class a yeah
which is a real fun studio they got here
you like oh it's starting up with Billy
yeah i'm gonna say hello to our friends
and family
haha
yes
now that we're done with that super fun
class hope you guys have enjoyed that
it's time to get some food in our
systems so what's this place called
Billy this is Bobo's mug going bud
so i got this bar up here and the guys
cook it all I've been coming here since
I was a young child wow so it must be
good young man are you excited I wish I
good
so they give us the soup not sure what
it is but real life worms in it
I just I kid I kid I kid we got her
chicken I got beef where's the beef try
he now it put the tray down good job yes
I hope this is insane good here it is
all this
oh this looks delicious fellas and two
hours later and we're finally home
they're supposed to be no traffic we
left it like to report the rectus
screwed up everything but finally so
glad to be out of that dadgum car well
so did you wanna ok so the end of this
vlog won't tell you guys why we went to
meetings so much huh do you want to know
we'll stay tuned and don't you
fast-forward because there's a group
right we're prank calling Tom made right
now he just put up a GoFundMe for this
to help this homeless guy in the dog so
we're telling him the fun nice I'm not
correct I already did it but we weren't
filming and now he's calling tell me you
said I just said like his fund me page
said all money goes to Tom mabe to make
more pranks he's like what oh hey buddy
how you doing oh are you talking about
your GoFundMe thing that's why I was
calling you so oh well if you need if
you need me I'm here I'm looking at the
thing right now no but I'm I'm just
saying if you need any help I didn't
know you knew about it I was like
worried about it and I thought maybe
you're just gonna collect the money and
then give it to him later or I don't
know to produce more pranks more maven
American pranks yes
good I think that might be why it's is
it how is it doing oh well that's good I
guess people want to see it do more
pranks hey hey hold on it's just a prank
man you can tell them it's all to its
fine till it go telling that's okay John
you're on speaker tom yeah it doesn't
take much pileup we all got showered up
and no one's home but it's time for
dinner so
are you a happy camper right now this
completes todays vlog but as promised
we're going to tell you why we've been
going to meetings you're probably
wondering and Andrews here to tell ya
what's up guys it's andrew here ready to
tell ya so shall we begin yeah I'm
waiting vegan my throat anyways so the
reason we have been going in meetings is
because we are working on a TV project
and it's like so it's something to do
with TV but more opportunities are
coming that involve TV and stuff like
that so we've been just meeting a few
companies regarding that so very soon we
can't really tell you exactly what's
going on but it's t be related so and no
this doesn't mean we'll stop making
youtube videos if we television yeah
obviously today's funny comment is tell
chris i want my socks back chris has
been known for stealing socks I wouldn't
blame you I'll try and tell him and
tomorrow vlog but we'll see like what he
says he's kind of very selfish with his
socks I also like this comment Andrew
could he read that it says ahoy a thanks
Lori anyways thanks for watching today's
vlog and we'll see guys tomorrow or
whenever we see you guys peace
