good morning oranges Chris no hey Chris
randomly for you notifications on fun I
don't know anyways we're at the office
we're gonna work on some things and we
didn't hang on wait Cody
dude we're learning a new prank today
it's up since we upload this if you
haven't seen that yet go check it out
something mine hi guys yes something
inside we'll be right back in a couple
minutes alright and we're back hey guys
so now
yeah we just got done and perfect you
keep going and Andrew yeah my eye feels
better thanks for asking Frank now I got
you framed perfectly I can tell I mean
it looks like over here right should be
and so I hate that I have to point this
out but Justin let off a huge bomb in
here the other day and we had to use for
air fresheners and just to clear the air
in here
what what
I'm just see keeps doing that do you
like it to smell good or bad you decide
I'm just saying it took four air
fresheners are you trying to set me up B
when you did this no this is you know
literally Mexican you said nope you did
this setting up for pranks now where are
we fellas we're nowhere
what no we're in West your community
college that's a little ditty that we
wrote a long time ago
let's hope the library's big though
community colleges don't really have my
bear saying that's as good as P did he
yeah it's quite big did he was from the
library
this is Jack right now Jack fart
people get a nice snack when I come in
the door yeah you like that like really
like we're by Jax cards if I thought I
heard you first I did why are you
looking at me like that
and you knew we are done at the library
going back to the office to import some
footage Cody yeah now Cody invited us
over for dinner
such a kind guy so that's what we're
driving right now I just burping you
guys didn't even say a word even here I
heard it mm-hmm good job high five you
didn't hear it I think we found Cody Oh
died we have made it Cody's gonna are
they got a light show going on in here
the kitchen it's a party it's a party
you tell me we were in a bind if you
guys ever heard of Brent Rivera Rivera
and clarity and clarity well yeah you
realize by well I'll show you right now
actually I remember there's like a lot
of common sayings that J star studios
that how do you feel that actually I did
dude is so good what da Cody explain
what's for dinner this is chicken
parmesan this is chicken parmesan bread
comes I don't know Harmeet a so they're
making homemade mac and cheese Cody's
just advising here these guys this is
gonna be gone very soon hmm
now that dinner scent is time for we you
got the pig controller haha dude we're
playing a Toy Story Mania we never
played this before so loving it is very
fun
five and throwing at you woody I'm
kidding me good angles here I did way
better take a break
fire
all right it's the end of the day and as
promised Jack is we're here at the
grocery store
we're not the library because they're
all closed so yeah next best thing
do you want me to just go in and just
let it rip
whatever you want I was just thinking
like I thought you were only gonna do
one but if you're wanting to do multiple
of them one thing I just want what I
want the one big Kris that would be just
let's shop
we just gotta find somebody who he wants
to yell bye
it's not too busy in here but we're just
gonna find a woman or a group of people
would be perfect
Chris
well folks we hope you enjoyed that
for an old guy he's got some quick
reflexes you know answer with the stars
we want to do more of these goofy leg
challenges so leave a like and if this
vlog gets 800 likes we'll do one of your
challenges in the comments leave some
goofy challenges that we'll do in the
store something simple but really random
and funny and we'll do it in like two
days I think I don't know here is
today's funny comment I was reading you
guys are putting some really brain in
comments
this one says dad stole toaster now I
can't make crunchy bread
gosh darn it dad why'd you do that
that's why there's another funny comment
of the day and it says a good prank is
Andy goes bald at the library I really
think that should be done our to be
anyways thanks for watching today's M
we'll see you guys tomorrow goodbye
