what is up Donuts hey donut hate
doughnuts it's a new day today go figure
anyways we're going the pet store right
now to get some supplies for our new
prank you guys want to come earn and
this new prank involves Jack Vale we're
doing a collab we're gonna be doing a
few claps Jack Bell honestly so yeah
kahoots pet store right next to Trader
Joe's looks like a pretty big store so
hopefully we can find yeah they'll have
it though they have lots of stuff here
so if you don't already know what the
pranks gonna be maybe this will help
yeah we found this this guy I'm gonna
cut the squeaker toy out of it time for
a quick lunch before we prank and we got
to go to fillet that's all we about
come out free coffee that's what I'm
talking about
they got a cool setup in here guys we're
sitting at the fun table because we're
fun
like always the spicy chicken sandwich
for me he got the orig original yeah
guys we're heading out now finally to do
some fries Jack us heading to the dog
park actually this should be fun
hopefully there's tons of people there
not will be sad but it's California so
there should be yeah today were just
sharm the dog park with zero dogs so
that'll be funny it's not too weird we
just like dogs I'm over coming to Hanks
yeah go biggie because we're loud maybe
a little bit but he's easier to walk in
so we're just getting set up just a
pranks at the dog park there's lots of
dogs here today kind of can't see any on
camera
we're just discussing like how we're
gonna approach this and what things were
gonna say some a mere dogs quite a spaz
cuz I feel like they're gonna be a choir
you hear I just love dogs I just love
dogs and my dad
all right so we're at Petco now we got
some epic reactions but this week's we
got you're kind of low quality like whoa
that van about you guys grow
yeah anyway so we need to get some
industrial size squeeze for this dog
park you know all right we doing surgery
here trying to they said we can do this
because we need the squeaks who cares
about the toy toy lovers everywhere yes
killing innocent toys whoa there's our
last week so this or this biggest bunny
ever a big head oh my lord doesn't look
like a rabbit yeah like this card he
eats food buy them by the cabbage dad is
falling in love with this bunny
he might be purchasing
money
I like that funny people were like dogs
just give Chris a kiss oh we're just
getting releases from everybody yeah
give critics yes yes Chris Chris Chris
Chris what do they think Versace
like when you shades full Hey oh yeah
they're Jason but I wanted to try we
just had to pull a time to go back out
fellas
let's go I got Shane he's got squeeze my
back pocket you can do this show Jack
that show Jack that right
nice stock parks still lots of dogs here
so apparently Rene here was getting
signatures but we had some I got every
single one except realist you later
we're very blue they don't know what
they say they were like telling us like
how to make a video and that we were
doing it all wrong for a final stop
we're here at the dog beach and
whoa check out the view come on oh yeah
I think that's just stunning guys
dangerous turn to go so what a place to
get it what are you excited yeah all
right I just want to tell all my I would
just shot her intros we had to climb
down these rocks to get to the dog park
yeah there's danger Jason
what
we're heading back home and chris is
actually driving he's uh practice yeah
he's getting practice on this fast fast
car Chris I'm careful time for late
night snacks
just cuz we're in a different state
don't mean we don't do debt we're at
Ralph's and they're selling cookies like
9 p.m.
look at all the drink choices they have
here wow so many good flavors I just
don't know what the twos though oh good
Rob we got our stuff I got at me and
Brita a low water got a balloon Hey the
bay another balloon it's a girl just cuz
why not
and that was 21 yeah damn add a leg huh
okay that's great that's right oh wow
bringing back old memories or memories
or what Katy Perry I kissed a girl and I
liked it
I'm really hungry yes
there isn't a mic you smell weird that's
new dad don't tell me that crap well
crap pee oh whoops I got confused
look we should try to have like a
serious yeah and then really like like
not laugh yeah
what are we business guys yeah let's do
that
hey sorry I'm late my dog got hit a road
and what my truck baby crying he landed
in a road by a car you by any chance
came into the hospital
no no I buried him right away oh yeah
that's right oh yeah there's a comment
and one of the other videos is like you
know you can get the $0.99 balloons are
our rebuttal of that argument is you
can't stick the straw in the hole here
the latex like this has like a little
opening here plus we just learned you
can get refills of these of 50 cents
more helium scenes thanks for watching
today's vlog folks
today's funny comment of the day is I
want to be a firetruck when I grow up
very thoughtful
and if you keep achieving your goals you
might be able to do that yeah I don't
know most funny and if this vlog gets
750 likes we'll try and get Jack to
shout Chris in the library you guys seen
the last that's awesome yeah so pretty
simple
