good morning radishes how are you stay
back where's the other gun as you can
see are pretty bored right now everyone
else was gone at the Vale house so there
the whole pad to ourselves tons of cool
toys like finding Nemo like this like
right things and then they have the
piano which we really like to play do
you guys want to have a piano party with
us okay um let's do a Latin maybe some
sort of jazz samba
for the meeting we've got to get some
lunch and our sisters so we're trying
out Zee pizza is that be hopefully it's
delish yes we'll find out
really good nice lunch is served
we got the pear green pear and
gorgonzola salad with a pizza and Andes
is on its way there just water like very
healthy nutritious but uh Andrews pizza
I want double pates Meier got a test and
the bet on you hope you got a sink oh
now that we just got done with lunch we
bought some gum
Lupin well you got a break a cat first
thank you
thief we made it to our next meeting I
just wanna
I thought the sign was funny no poop or
pee zone crap so where is this hat
somewhere in here ha ha time to go up as
yet of a tr
to realize Wolfers oh my lord that's a
nice movie posters back from the meeting
folks and it went fantastic I thought it
was very good
bright things coming
God is doing good things that's all I
can say
so right now we're driving and this is a
very terrible like roundabout we have no
idea who created this or what genius
thought this was good
there's no lanes in the roundabout
Buster's in my way
can't see so like we'll just show you
this cars next to us it's like where do
we go
like there's no lines everybody's
driving everywhere
why roll like go-karts or something it's
Tatar starch if you gift cards here that
we got to spend so we have to come
Starbucks
dad we just got a copy and I want to
point out injures me well here's mine I
got the table Java chip
here's Andrews oh sorry
Jeffrey what you get chocolate Java
chippy oh come on yes Chris is being
such a good brother guys I am just so
proud of him right now
I know look at him they don't even know
I'm here
I know you I know you fellas oh you do
no I'm not Oh back home and we're doing
a another photo shoot for her if you
guys didn't already know Britney's doing
uh blogs on a bunch of great topics just
give him a quick preview like what what
do you do the last couple days I'm just
kind of introducing Who I am my flaws
what everything like that and then in
the next couple days I'm starting like
the fashion on a budget so if you're a
guy and you have a sister or a mom I'd
say this stuff is like perfect for a lot
of the ladies because she has a lot of
inspirational stuff inspirational stuff
for women yeah hard time man or woman I
just try and encourage bullying like
anything like that
Plus tonight I'm talking about
hyperhidrosis like my hands so you have
that if you're like what the heck is
that definitely check out miss beauty
mark calm good oh yeah I'll leave a link
in the description she's wrote three
articles so far so I'll leave them in
the description you can go check it out
good picks for j stu studios guys uh-huh
hey guys it's dinner time we're having
secret taco night they're called annalen
tacos family recipe passed down for
generations this generation is right
jack that's right yeah Alan is Cheri's
made aliyah before the bail came uh-huh
ah
so they're Alan now here what they look
like those are pretty good looking tough
we can't share these too long because we
don't wanna give away their very messy
but messy food tastes a lot better right
uh hi I agree and Bassmaster you should
come over using these crowd goes and you
guys Oh Mona came for me call them
diarrhea talker
not because of what happens after but
because when you eat it the beans have a
tenant oh oh I have a problem actually
conclusion be honest and diarrhea tacos
there are B that's a good description
JIT emit diarrhea taco it could be I
mean Taco Bell is one of my with morbid
enemies I want to get you trying the
first Alan taco of your life yeah you
fold it like a taco duh
yeah
really have a car town I know I want to
I just I know my hands are gonna get
messy so I want to get the footage
before so I don't get camera dirty oh
geez
ah very hot my mouthy Barney guess
what's happening right now Jack just got
a new car
let me show you what is he's giving us a
test spin just a little attached pin no
this can't happen yeah
Britney's gonna be scurred good here it
is guys Oh baby
so Jack tell us what is this called this
is a challenger Dodge Challenger it is a
called a scat pack edition what that
means is it's a 6.4 liter engine v8 and
it's pretty fast I guess we're gonna
experience to us it's pretty fast
all right yeah
I've never experienced something so
shame how's the front sheet view excuse
me it like that was previous I'll tell
you later
Wow wasn't that nuts guys yeah the
fastest car we've ever been in I enjoyed
it very much that anyways right now
we're at the Ralph's because Valentine's
Day is tomorrow and I am getting a nice
little treat for Brit so we're going to
go to like the beach or something and
you got to get her chocolate it's a
girls love chocolate on Valentine's Day
or I could get her some toilet paper
I love merry Valentine's present for me
left side planning oh good man what do
you have right here this is my Yo Gabba
Gabba oh he is awesome oh wow they got
some good characters in here but that
guy is something else the best I'm gonna
give yes for myself from Valentine's Day
another reason why we're here as well is
we want to get a helium balloon and do
some helium burps for you guys in the
vlog are you ready for this we got our
balloons guys but I saw this Emily's
fortune cookie should I get these for
Brittany for Valentine's Day
chocolate-covered fortune cookies man
Oh
back home we have custom chest cake
available yeah we're ready to do some
helium for you folks this is going to be
fun we got the your special balloon and
welcome home yeah
hey guys so we're getting some helium
there burps here if you guys wanna join
you can't hurt ya a bigger one
get like a big bunch okay
farther alright give her a test I wanna
be able to just do this just a test yes
talking yeah Wow Wow hey Jack where is
he by the way nature watching honey
sassy and a video um as he said it's
time for bed 10:45 but tomorrow's gonna
be fun because I have to go get my
headshots so you can come right yes
thanks for watching hope you had
good time with us and we'll see you
tomorrow good bye
