good morning guys how's it going we're
doing fabulous
aren't you guys we're outside again and
I don't know what the temperature is but
it's perfect
thank you I'm just so glad here right
now it's lovely blue skies green trees
warm crisp air didn't get any better but
now we're walking to the other defying
goodbye media studio because we got
another meeting today regarding
something else different from yesterday
so it's gonna be awesome I don't know
when we'll be able to tell you guys what
we're doing but hopefully soon
it's really cool but let's head on over
there right now we're in the building
just waiting for some peeps right now
and it's quite nice in here I do enjoy
it we're just playing fly what is it
across your own I see one gameplay
coming in a month he's coming in a month
we're having a blast doing it though
what's your high score Andrew so if they
want to beat it yeah it's 299 299 mine's
271 which will be upgraded soon
all right all done with meetings
obviously we didn't bring vlog camera in
because we'll get arrested but just be
very awkward to just film the meeting so
we're done it went well guys we've got
some good stuff in the works you'll see
no time
don't worry but we're in a car now and
Andrews driving
it's a beautiful roof as you can see we
just rented this we're gonna ran it for
the whole month or out here because
obviously we need a car how are we gonna
get around so that's what we're doing
just traffic right now right now we're
actually heading over to the person's
house that we're staying in which you'll
see momentarily
are you ready
okay enough dad about the hawk supporter
huh yeah we could listen to tunes but
I'll pass you the aux cord okay
guys we've made it we see the peach hole
it's so gorgeous oh my yeah
happiest boy huh we finally made it guys
Chris Chris now may not know where we're
staying
yes we're staying at Jack's house guys
that's the big secret but you're never
bet you never heard of yellow so loud in
your whole life yeah but look they made
dinner like all this meat Oh
garlic what oh my gosh you guys jealous
aren't you home cooked meal and that's
what I'm talking about
oh yeah Jack thanks for letting us stay
here you're gonna be in a lot you're
gonna be in a lot more blocks are you
excited yeah that's good because you're
gonna be here awhile yeah we're done
here a while all right looks like
everybody's going to sleep now it's like
11:00 here but we're not asleep
Britney's enjoying the massage chair but
or
hang in with Chris Chris's units for
Skaar hopefully soon I mean Chris is
looking at some very rare cars like a
station wagon they're just very good so
we'll keep you updated if he gets a real
car yeah we will you might have to go
with him to negotiate big deals as the
underdog and look at dog he's feeding
their dog like sleeping this style with
friends yeah you got like two friends
don't you it got really late last night
we didn't film an ending for vlog again
sorry guys hey Jake beautiful
so now we're ending the vlog anything
else you want to say keyboards I think
it's a girl well thanks for watching
guys I don't have anything else to say
yeah except see you later
