guys what a gorgeous pop you're doing
awesome David get off me
Daisy's having fun anyways guys do you
remember when we went to the card store
and got some rares we were saying we
should go back with all of our cards and
see how much they're worth
do you remember that I have a ton of
cards and I don't know how much they are
worth I don't know a lot I don't know we
we have to we have to know these things
so that's what we're doing today so what
did you bring here I brought my my box
secret camera yeah see people they got
as a camera no see yeah
right on top we've got the Paton which
you guys saw last episode card with no
case I ran out of cases I got lots of
cards in here in no cases few but see
it's just stack full many rares and
autos and jerseys so I gotta go get my
cards upstairs come
easy trip me where is it please
wrong box
you guys want to see something yeah
that's worth very many dollars I wanna
see it this is a CTO Eliot Otto patch
triple color out of 75 rare first got
this card actually I think we looked at
my house worth like maybe 300 I think so
so I'm like that but that's before I
even play the game in the NFL look at
Jeremy hill Kelvin Benjamin who was this
Tyler Irvin and then a rare Bob Lilley
that's all right I have more than that
though okay
these are poking me encourage don't need
those put those away these are not rares
don't need those put those away
Calvin Johnson rookie card just a mother
random cards I think Paxton out of 25
not bad
you've done that Scooby right the third
should we figure out which store that
will be able to evaluate these cards I
have one in mind who's that man named
Dale Dale can evaluate for us I thought
he could but if he can't then we'll go
somewhere else okay also I'm hungry
no way yeah you can't be hungry
sorry get the rares let's load them up I
want to show you this I don't have a
good case for it but this is a baseball
card that has a piece of baseball in it
a piece of baseball or bat Adam done
yeah bat bat novel I know my collection
I have a one out of one card I need to
find it so I found it guys this is my
only card rarest just because it's a one
out of one this is a Michael Turner
where's it one
one one out of one master player Prince
not sure authentic plate used in the
printing of the featured card Wow
so that's pretty cool huh one at a one
this is so happy when you got that yeah
cuz I would always look for like out of
like whatever yeah so this is I was
jumping for joy you're reliving the
memories right now no okay let's bring
all the rares this is my rare box that's
pretty cool prayers don't go anywhere
now there he's buckled up quick snack
that's a good-looking burger this is my
lunch guys blood orange drinks and dill
pickle pop get that off the table I'm
actually ate lunch oh I'm all fueled up
ready to do some rares evaluations but
here's a question for you guys do you
think the total value of all of our
cards equals a thousand dollars or more
ooh that's a good question also leave a
comment let us know right now before we
get to the store who you think is gonna
have the most value in their collection
that we bring today let us know Dale's
card sports and gaming cards like we've
said before one of our favorite trading
card places in Coral Springs they're not
known for their sports cards collectors
per se they do have a lot they mainly
have like what Pokemon yu-gi-oh magic
just known for everything even got
beanie babies yeah they got the whole
thing so we're gonna see if they can
help us out so let's go inside um we got
the price guys if you want to use those
you've never done it before
oh there's a learning fee I'm gonna have
to charge you I'm a huge fan to you I
watched all your guys logs all that'd be
awesome
hey man hi we're here with Adam and I'm
telling to watching the visited two
years man interested Ezequiel and you
said this is 300 300 so how does the
value go up or down based on the
player's performance is she doing good
right now Andrew he got suspended all
right so I've done this pile I'm adding
a mine right here never given so many
Andrews rares he's looking up the Peyton
Manning one what do you think it's gonna
be Cup honored yeah maybe a little junk
on this one they said this one was Auto
penned it's only worth $20 I'm kidding
it's 350 Oh
aw no kid no
that's good what do you got here Andrew
let's see well maybe this one dude the
Joey Bosa swords this one better
I think I'll which one no one's
autograph three color patches for the
Lin dude cards you learning things some
new things as cool as jerseys are
autographs are usually better yeah good
you take a Jersey yeah what I didn't get
three foreigner pieces out of it or more
yeah
probably these guys are huge so that's
why his Peyton Manning and it's the
player obviously and if what the number
what it's number two so man if this was
like one out of one with a Jersey patch
rate with that whoa you have an
autograph that's numbered of a thousand
and the Jersey it's number to ten so $20
no I'm so sorry wait I lied don't lie $8
dollars come on Joe what's he checking
out the older Ricky you LeBron James not
Otto not Jersey still a rookie card
what's one of these words this is 120 60
Hank I would have never known young
Justin would have found these been like
well I'll keep Visa it was a good idea
you put them in the case then yeah you
got their 5 plus 150 for Derek Jeter
Derek 150 that still looks like pretty
good shoe 330 make a car payment or buy
a pack of cards we found this box here
which has autographs from Thomas
Jefferson and JFK and more who else
could
hoping at Ben Franklin all right so
we're gonna run over to another card
store we've never been to before and
just kind of look around maybe compare
what was your top rare
it was the Ezekiel then I was 300 yep
and my Peyton was 350 so if you picked
me to have the best rare you win yeah
but we're gonna total up the total of
all the cards you got valued and see if
it was over a thousand yeah and he made
a good point too there's a lot of people
they like collect collecting the cards
that have a lot of value but they don't
like buying them so it's like I got this
cool Ezekiel if you've got the cool
Payton who would buy that honey I want
to keep mine I know
oh here we are
cards and comics what's this guy's name
called ed okay
we have never been here Dale's and
they're right next to Donuts so cards
are just like Oh jeepers good point I
don't know we'll find out they have
Funko pops yeah just got this one like
this one is safe dude yeah this one's
locked oh you know what behind you and
they have sports cards over there guys
Big Bird this is ultra Big Bird that's
cool
huge bird also I love this Hank some
food characters very good characters so
we just asked them what their rarest
comic they have in their store
guess what it is yeah just take a quick
guest it is $10,000 can't even fathom it
he say it was like just like one of the
first it's number three number three and
first a period first appearance of
justice something Justice League like 20
years before aired or their whole wall
they just have rares everywhere 55 bucks
like that one on the left price is in
like perfect condition and that's what
it got great it has so 50 bucks whoa I'm
still back checking out the store pretty
cool spot Edie
yeah thanks ed Andrew and I are now
adding up have added up the totals of
the cards that we looked at what do you
got
so here's the grand total of both our
rares combined is one thousand two
hundred and fifty seven bucks
Wow we did good
yes I can definitely go out to
chick-fil-a now yeah I've never done
that before us cool seeing just like how
much each card costs I'm not sure if
anybody would buy those cards I bet
somebody on eBay and have you really
wanted to sell them probably Danny of
you want to buy any of the cards fair
more than what they are worth we all
guys we are back at the house this is
the end of the vlog what are you doing
just a quick snack before we end the
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it and if
you did give it a like and guess what
what we have something insanely cool
that we have been working on that is
coming within the week and you guys
aren't gonna want to miss it I promise
we kind of hinted at it a couple of
vlogs so maybe you'll know maybe you
don't
yeah but you trust me you'll want to see
it you'll be seeing it we're gonna be
posting on our socials and talking about
the vlogs to stay tuned I will see you
back here tomorrow
bang laughs daily peace back
