good morning pinto beans housing yelling
right now I'm with the crew and we're
actually walking to head to a meeting
right now if any of you guys didn't know
we recently joined the network defy
so I put we put it on Facebook but
the few who know that we're actually a
part of the YouTube network called the
five media and we're out here doing some
things with them actually and so we're
going head into their office which is
like right down the street and I'm gonna
go over the presentation and chat with
them about some things and then have
lunch there so that's what we're doing
right now and you guys can come and if
you keep it as secret
it's a lovely day out though would you
say it was supposed to be hit today
supposed to be like the 80s in the night
tomorrow feels like so happy right now
well this is cool are you gonna come
back here at night
when these are all on get some pics
right by our art museum I love it around
here
and we've made it guys it's a secret
vault and don't order the Titanic media
I guess we ring the doorbell yeah
alright so we have made it into the
define media studios and we have special
guest Andrew here to give it a real-life
tour
are you ready certain to define first Oh
all right when you walk in you got a
nice logos put some CDs a nice
validation there take us
what is this what this is but I like it
this is really that's not a ring on that
I want that
I just like their own boards I know they
got the they're a YouTube award I don't
know what all these are but they look I
really want some I want to win awards
more Wow where did they get all these
anyways what's next
hope they have a game too if you're
bored
here's the big people work okay as you
can see it's very long then it goes back
to way they gotta be you know we had the
meeting right over there and we're
actually having lunch right over there
so I don't know what they got to eat
today
yeah they have pretty much free drinks
and snacks right here mushy yes the
whole to another universe and come on in
they locked it or something yeah maybe
you have to come back later when it's
holding yeah
hey guys we have pie we also just
finished we didn't kind of blurry but
just covered until oh I got turkey sub
and some pasta and fruit it's all gone
now there is one over there eating for
she said we have to get it over she'll
be pissed
Walt's there's two left and then we have
for like 20 pies we have to use contest
the slowest elevator closing on earth
we're at the other the five media studio
and these cool sets we're on this fun
session with all the lighting we just
filmed our outro and the studio here so
for any of you people who watch her
daily vlogs you'll get a little insider
where we did this they have some really
great products here though huh it's
night time now
looking nice
which means it's dinnertime and we did
right next to our hotel we just saw this
winks three dollars for six six dollars
for ten
12 we're sold let's go looks pretty nice
too so we got our seats out here looking
nice
Wow but we ordered wings instead split
the ranch all over my waist oh great
these are gonna be gone very soon we saw
that we chose to sit outside since it's
so nice out hey guys here's a few extra
clips from the newest prank on our main
channel if you haven't seen it yet we're
just making YouTube videos it's
critically ocker like workouts by people
yeah that'd be cool ok abused it yeah
did you guys watch YouTube though
sometimes my god brother was in one of
your videos so uh-huh yeah which one
seen you guys before you guys did the
puppets in a yeah so awesome I saw you
guys on Locker roughly do you guys see
them before they do something what is
doing a YouTube video
yeah he's filming are you guys okay I
mean in that clip well that about sums
up today's vlog right guys right now
it's a new day we forgot to film an
ending we're back to the old ways we
love ya
but thanks for watching oh I want to say
something before we go what there's a
reason why Mary didn't come on the trip
in case you guys are wondering yes
explain she is going to school so she
can't come for this middle school year
basically and she's got to get the
degree she's gotta I don't think we've
ever I've ever told you guys what she
goes to school for so I wanted to just
say it real quick she goes to school for
aerospace engineering so she's at home
building airplanes we'll see you soon
Mary Mary Mary build an airplane hurry
and travel over here no listen
spaceships never Mars but anyways thanks
for watching day and we'll see you
tomorrow more exciting stuff coming
leave a like
