good evening squash you guys like that
we've been saying a different food every
time we open these videos sorry I'm over
here in the shade so they could see me
the Sun is very bright today guys wall
anyways today is a very special day you
want to know why because it's this
lady's birthday happy birthday bruh
how do you feel how old do you know
she's only 21 yep she's finally 21 she's
a real life adult now so anyway super
excited I'm starting the vlog off a
little later in the day
this morning we me and Brittany actually
went on our own little date and I didn't
want to bring the camera because it's
our special date that doesn't need to
really be recorded right right but I
will tell you we went to this really
nice place and got some nice food that
was fun right now we are going to just
take some pictures because we're both
matching right now look at my shirt it's
got flowers on it it's brand-new and
Brittany's got flowers on her I hope
it's dress okay I like sisters oh man
it's really bright just see you guys now
I put this dress on way before I just
didn't put on his
a shirt yeah but you got inspiration
because I bought this no yeah I've had
this dress like before you were born
it's okay I I don't mind being twins
with you and so anyway since we're
wearing pretty much the similar things
we're going to just do a fun photo shoot
because the Sun is going down now and
why not why not right yeah and what are
we doing later then we're gonna go to a
place that I used to work at me too oh
yeah we're both right there it's a it's
a Mexican restaurant and we're going
with some of my friends and some ladies
that I used to work with it's so bright
and Mary and Andy are coming as well and
we're gonna to celebrate it's gonna be
super laid back most 21 year olds go
crazy I'm an old married woman old 21
year old married woman you don't hear
that every day I didn't want to say
Bernie's right though when most people
turn 21 they go out drink get drunk
party with friends yada yada
he's good to party and everything but
I feel like I don't know I don't I think
it's just ridiculous how people go out
and just get drunk do stupid things like
we're not about that life guy's life
isn't about getting drunk and making
stupid decisions sure you can have
alcohol but you gotta let me yourself
and know your limits and be careful with
everything you do because you have a
future ahead of you what decisions are
you making today that are affecting your
future in a positive way is getting
Trump hfh ha is getting drunk affecting
your future in a positive way the lesson
of the day from us the landscapes
beautiful you can see the mountains like
it's the perfect spot so we go I mean
although it is a golf course
ain't nobody golfing I mean some people
got bet if they hate us we're yeah yeah
we're set up just we have a balloon to
for fun he's for fun
go nice tripod beautiful day out perfect
for photo shoots yeah guys
Hey
nice so it's six o'clock now and we're
meeting everybody at this Mexican
restaurant at 7:00 and we gotta go pick
up a cake and that's not all the good
news we have for you we have more if any
of you people follow us on Instagram or
Twitter you would know this already but
we're going to California for a month
tomorrow it's pretty crazy I know but
we're pursuing some awesome things I
don't want to tell you quite yet cuz
we're just working line so what I can
tell you is I'm pursuing some me and
Andrew are pursuing some acting
opportunities and so going out there and
I hopefully go to auditions and as you
know it's meltem a dream to be an actor
and that's why I'm going out there so
yeah we're gonna be staying at
somebody's house which I'll show you
soon but yeah I'll just leave it at that
from now that's what's happening that's
why we have a suitcase out here and it's
a little messy but we're getting ready
to leave you have to fly out in the
morning at 7:00 a.m. oh joy alright so
here at Whole Foods
you get Britney's kitchen we're trying
to hurt you guys
you have to be there in like 30 minutes
slow
she's already in here
hello did you find a cake
some of these cakes look insane
there's the cake it's chocolate
cheesecake Brittany put me in control of
it I got it under safe care here now
we're driving but some people don't know
how to drive this Ostrava and we're
riding in Brittany's mom's new car holy
crap this is freakin Joe like that's
like one of my fave colors you know what
I mean the whole crew
how is your drink mojito nice well
congrats on being 21 I got a mango
margarita food has arrived guys make a
wish back home Brandon just got off work
so we got him well not we he got him a
burrito
are you excited I'm so excited
freaking drenched in case Oh Sherlock
Holmes yeah whoever followed him on
Instagram Sherlock Holmes he really
appreciated sure you follow me to help
ya just fall brain you don't want you to
fall man in scream shout out safely
Brittany's first present that Starbucks
darlings okay I love big earrings of
either these are from Mama I love these
in you dessert time yay you open this
box you but you brought this all by
yourself didn't you
well they asked me if I had to write
anything on it and like I told her but
yeah me chuckle 'it freakin cheese kg on
brandon has a hungry desserts good
though right guys you did buy a
thank you who's editing this me mom's
business you see my line which is a
brain anxious so Oh finally back home
guys
and it's 11:25 and we have to get up at
like 5:00 so basically we're getting
about five hours of sleep which is not
bad but not that good so we're probably
gonna hit the bed now and end the vlog
here thanks for watching today guys had
a great time celebrating Britney's
birthday and super excited to wake up
and travel tomorrow and we'll take you
guys along with us but hope kept around
yeah hope we kept you entertained today
and see you tomorrow
