good morning relish how's it going we're
here for another fan mail video we got a
few little packages here from you guys
your blue Skoosh yeah you did except it
doesn't have the stripes so like always
we're gonna open the letters first and
then the bigger packages last so begin
okay so our first letters from Matthew
says dear Jesse studios
I don't think Justin should go shouldn't
shave his head but Andy should yes I
agree also I watched most of your vlogs
ten times a week or more if you put a
return envelope so I guess he wants
something he didn't say what he wanted
but he just threw it in there Wow hey
hey nobody liked the Bronco so they all
drew it whoa orange and blue hey Justin
Andrew and Brittany I've been watching
your channels for about five months
he loves the bean boozled challenge and
he wants to put this in a video nope
they have a little putz in the video I
think it's cool you enjoy being crazy at
stores and stuff and bye boy a from
Marshall thanks Marsh sex letters from
the James he did Ross and pictures this
is Jace - this one says Bowie yay
yes that's cool it says my name is James
I'm from Dallas Texas I watch your
videos every single day promise you I
have watched your pranks and laws with
my sisters that's very cool and when
will aim drew finally turn bold thanks
grandma turn bald like that I'm just
gonna turn balls but sincerely your fan
gems very tall boy named this one whoa
I love your vids and I now never stop
watching them PS don't tell Kevin can I
have an autograph from Logan no Kevin
was I don't know we just can't tell
Kevin anything
oh man thank you log this next
Kyle he's from Canada this is high
jessaminejoy I like your video blog and
snowboarding tapes my favorite prank is
when you jump from the plane what
skydiving prank but keep more videos
coming have you ever been to Canada nope
yep
and this is from Kyle age 15 grade 10
thanks Kyle maybe someday we'll visit
Canada hello
keep calm and watch more Jase - on
YouTube I like those colors as well from
Braden 10 years old dear Justin and
Andrew please tell keV to upload more
like you guys here's a one thousand
dollar bill for ball Danny well here's
the thousand dollar bill that's the most
important okay so he wants us to sign
this and send it back to him he did put
a return envelope so he did do that
so congrats to you and a stamp good job
good job it great this is funny oh hey
guys my name is Kay and I'm gonna watch
your videos for a while now I think that
really entertaining funny your sense of
humor is beyond always this is a picture
of Andrew and the process of growing
back his hair after he goes bald
well CSRF this is really sure but well
SIA and age 13 it's just a
picture dude I'm old I'm gonna make my
hair like that advice
hey Jesus you you guys are hilarious
keep the videos coming ok thanks well ok
will do thanks Bill boy hey some great
slothy intern Bruticus here's a dollar a
donation to the build
Andy Foundation Pizza Pizza
well this the building there's another
pitcher in here dude I may find this
picture that's on my Facebook page
probably that's a huge leaf yeah I know
no that was in Costa Rica by the way
that's so funny all right
that ah nice
Jase do studios I made that pic all by
myself yeah I can tell
I know do Dustin injury my name is
Matthew I've been watching your videos
for about one year below I have attached
a generous donation of one melee horse
of all the indie foundation I hope
you'll put this to good use from Matthew
he put eight Broncos but most
importantly my that's a custom bald Andy
dollar dad dad
1 million oh man that is nice I just
pack it can you take that off please
you said use it for good use I'm wearing
Bishop put that matte beige Wow what
well raiven open this letter and it has
a picture of the Jace to crew they
spelled everyone's name wrong does that
mean you Justin Brittany Andrew Mary
hold on arrrh on a run a run it's not a
a Ron today yeah but that's some reason
have a really strange moustachio I don't
know what that is area cheeks Aaron's
like a little stick you know I do enjoy
this no great way to open up a letter so
Wow nice and colorful here a dear Justin
the Andrew you probably don't remember
me but I'm Henry and I'm that one guy
who sent you a picture of me you know
it's a picture of themselves
I'm 15 I live in Illinois he saw us at
Garden of the Gods but he was too shy to
say hi but he's from following us but
he's in Illinois
yeah you inspired me to make a comedy
channel good it got eight hundred five
thousand subscribers but then it got
hacked and can't get back on it here is
my 19 there were 1889 Indian Head Penny
for the Afro Andy Foundation it's one of
the my prized possessions and I decided
to give it to you because you're the
best youtubers ever
oh man that coin
is cool like hi it's two letters dear
just endanger this is a second letter so
read the other one first Oh looks just
can be write me back
he put a stamp on the paper it's gonna
be hard
your Justin and Andrew dad said you can
come over for video games I'm so glad
you're all Christians meet you yes can
you tell Brittany and Marian public
prank I said hi felt like a prank I
guess this guy says hi do you think you
could do that one of your blog's - that
would be so cool here I wrote on a stick
note to remember if you decide to do it
tell Brittany and Mary and public prank
Henry says hi one down two to go it up
but if it's not rude asked are one of
you guys thinking about having children
one day yes you guys only one of us only
one of us gonna have kids I guess so no
you wanna arm wrestle for it or lose on
purpose it is time for because she's the
bigot pegye juice this one this one and
justice you need them Wow
if you are opening this letter in a vlog
can you please hold the drawing up so I
can take a screenshot whoa that's pretty
cool whoa hold on let me focus here
Andrew smile that's super good like holy
crap that is epic
what whoever did that is sick I'm good I
hope that Brittany likes a drawing -
yeah please tell her that I love her
videos she tastes beautiful pictures and
she's
what is another drawing oh you're right
Oh what look uh thank goodness you were
here whoa nice that is so cool that is
oh my gosh of my hair man I need to
frame that you call that you are so good
thank you
yes Tina Johansson from Denmark oh wow
thank you we love it take you Steiner
seriously you are very talented and for
you to take the time to do something
like that draw those epic things you
rock you're awesome
oh yes what is happening first half see
in here is just a Nerf darts what Darwin
Oh Aaron you're gonna be so stoked leave
the letter Christmas dress in handy
can't Britt and Aaron but I can hear
he's like left out of like the happy
thankful thanks for making my day great
thank I'm 11 years old live in Indiana
and my name is Nate thanks Nate there's
some Christmas presents in here this
took a while or we just didn't check I
don't know yeah I thought some Christmas
presents and a Bab or Baldini box what I
am a pro ping-pong wrist and I gave you
a sign ping pong bat oh yes what the
heck us for me it's a ping pong bat not
a paddle
oh wow Justin bowled any box this is for
you I'm guessing this car yeah
there's no great yes
look at how sick this is there's missing
the ball
a bunch of coins the Bab Bab Wow that's
like a new thing the doll Danny box
pampered chef with a meeting sign if you
want to make it has recipes corn bread
tacos
what caramel oatmeal pecan bars um this
is for Andy to conditioner you meet a
dude you gotta get your hair put PO Box
Tops disappearing ink strawberry
shortcake
playin cards man Zac of them actually if
you want to play strawberry shortcake
with me we can what do we gotta had
these you must play I don't know what
the rules are the booster set that's all
wellthanks name for the late Christmas
present Oh what brick gets gum what can
you share I call a piece now before we
open this box if you guys saw our
surprising the fan video a couple days
ago your surprise to Savannah for her
birthday she actually sent this box out
to us before we even visited her house
she didn't know we were coming or
anything has sent us a fan mail box now
let's see what's inside here ah
alright a note very well placed she
wants us to read note first and
underneath is a middle what's key here
Justin and Amy hi my name is Savannah
and I'm a freshman in high school I'm
super crazy about you guys in your
videos your you may remember me when I
asked you guys to wish my sister Ashley
happy birthday it really made her day we
did that yeah we did man we're good I
thought I sent me some fun stuff and
treats my dad owns a chick-fil-a and
Garden of the Gods and I was able to get
you guys some chick-fil-a coupons what
no way Justin I recently met your mom
and sister and our chick-fil-a it was so
cool
I also made a drawing of the Jason
Studios logo you've had one question how
did you come up with the same boy we
don't know it just happened like it just
came and you've said okay I hope you
guys can't draw the stuff you really
brightened my day I look forward to
every vlog and prank thank you so much
for all you do Samantha and she says
there's cool snacks in here okay it's
like opening a present it is she did a
good job
oh crap what is that for
just I know Justin loves Nutella I hope
Eddie does too
new new Tellez I've had that before
they're so good so so does this mean we
each get one no only for me dude Oh nuts
all right moving on this is wrapped up
very nicely look at that oh wow you have
Justin's is that a peanut butter cut
about our table never seen those before
it has my name on it so it must be good
I've seen like the peanut butter packets
we have to try those oh yeah
Andy's KitKat for teddy and Buford yes
she got she knows dog treats beautiful
mini freaks it's beautiful he's gonna
love those we got statements heads a
vlog we got to show us having them try
these yeah could you guys sign and send
back these pictures is it pitchy red
meat Britney this one cardboard yeah I
think yeah
do you want your design to word yeah put
his footprint in there yeah no one the
only Beauford signature ever my
donations to the Justin lizard head
foundation in the bog Andy foundation
and not do
please but that's not all
what else you a package down here
where's the secret pant row Mary we
ready take it a present Brittany yes and
Minnie she brought every single one of
these guys this is very good very good
she should wrap this in same good so we
have to be very you don't want to rip it
that's the problem
are you ready to see this yep I want to
see it first
oh I thought you're gonna let us see it
first oh wow
oh yeah this must've taken forever to do
look how good that is this plea in
everything she wrote like sayings hi a
oh it says hey beans
it says Dada Dada tender missus whoo yay
Buford Aaron flash she's a true fan so
it doesn't all these characters are
these characters that's awesome they're
like maybe looks far away it does look
like you can't tell me but they're yeah
but you come closer
tttt pika oh yeah yeah thank you
Savannah seriously all right we got two
in here so there you go oh thanks ready
do you want half of mine well it's got
the logo DuBose don't mess things it's
better and healthier for you because
you're soaking in it I like you because
it tastes like chocolate chunks like
Reese's just mm-hmm
it's strange actually tastes like real
chocolate no no I can't wait so I'm
having my Nutella right now no I'm
waiting want to see me eat one uh-huh
you're going yes yeah yep
that's probably where they got the idea
Kemp
Savannah it was great meeting you in
person and this box was amazing thank
you so much for the package
all the time you spent in this means a
lot to us yeah so we appreciate you and
your family and everybody else who sent
us letters thank you guys - for taking
the time to send us on it hits this home
right here doesn't hurt though
yeah it does baseball thanks for
watching and see you guys tomorrow good
bye good bye
