what is up macaroni noodles Ted it's
morning well not well kind of it's 12
a.m. I think remember started a vlog
like at midnight but guess what today is
Aaron's birthday Oh
anyways I wanted to start the vlog right
now because I still haven't gotten him a
present yet and I have a funny story to
tell you guys so get ready for story
time so Aaron has been wanting a ps4 for
a while there we are and I think he
asked for one for Christmas and his knee
didn't get it so it's kind of sad and
the main reason being is because my mom
like hates video games so she asked me
if I got anything for his birthday and I
was like not adding anything yet but
I'll make you a deal mom I will go half
and half on a ps4 I'll pay half you guys
behalf and present B from both of us
win-win and she was like absolutely not
No Deal she hates video games so I was
like man that'd be a good deal for Aaron
so I told my dad this story and he was
like yeah sounds like a good idea let's
do it
so I guess we're gonna team up and get
Aaron a ps4 but here's the funny thing
so I still have my old ps4 box so what
we're going to do is I'm going to wrap
up a ps2 in here so I think we still
haven't upstairs if I can find it so
wrap it up in this ps2 so when he opens
it mom's probably gonna be like oh what
the crap you got on my ps4 so pissed and
he'll open it up it'll be a ps2 and then
she'll laugh at him because he'll be sad
but we'll actually have a real ps4 I
don't know like set up in his room or
something like that
so who knows what kind of reactions are
going to get from Aaron and mom it's
just going to be whoa so that's what's
in store for today but like I already
said
so midnight and actually not that tired
but I should just go to bed because I
need to get my sleep we have a big day
tomorrow we got to go buy a ps4 for
Aaron
we'll see you when the Sun comes up oh
good morning everybody
operation ps4 has begun I couldn't find
the ps2 because mom sold it but I put a
five-pound weight and Aaron's physics
book in here he'll be so dang happy to
get that for his birthday he's been
wanting a physics book all year time to
go to Best Buy to get the real ps4 let's
go
hey Dewey's we have a Last of Us bundle
and normal one crap alright we got it
wha this is like the same price as the
other one except this one comes with a
free game so it's like Hello but I wish
it could have gave me the free game of
Destiny I come on guys I remember they
had that had the ps4 bundle during Black
Friday with a destiny and everything but
I didn't get it
I'm so stupid oh why did I just get it
that I put it under my badge until his
birthday just stupid
alright I'm home only problem is I don't
know how to get this in the house
without mom seen she's home today that
just has to happen family's got any like
good suggestions like have you ever
snuck something in the house before let
me know I need your help can you get me
a car from hallmark too well when are
you going
all right well looks like mom's not
going to be leaving for Hallmark for a
while we need to get this PlayStation in
the house before freezes outside so I
have an idea we'll come in through the
window we'll cuz there's all right ah
this will work we'll just drop it in
like a care package I'll come back down
here and pick it up also in the meantime
uploading a new gaming video to our
gaming channel
for dying light goo squad gaming yo if
you guys aren't subscribed or a gaming
channel you should be cuz it's fun
playing video games for you guys push it
ouch care package cool yes ouch lots of
rocks and bugs over here ahead of him
out Aaron's cake mom made this herself
yes out of the way
you you you're cold ah ah
we did it
we've got the fake ps4 the real ps4 I'm
excited for this person alright so
nighttime we're going to dinner now for
Aaron's birthday Aaron did you know what
your birthday
no oh we're here with Miriam yet and
burned their Aaron's turning 11 years
old today he's gonna get tall for his
age but I was Shaq
we're going to Ted small sign of rural
campus Sam thank you very much Aaron's
food came would you get this is a beef
filet mignon with asparagus and sweet
potatoes
hamburger ribs licensure ribs
pot roast vice and pot roast and we
weren't hungry I don't know we're just
kidding we got food America what you gay
chicken chicken cranberry chicken yeah
oh it's happy birthday toast happy
birthday Aaron Aaron opening presents no
cards first whoever got this for him in
the vlog for the fan mail he really
appreciates it
thank you ever it was Joe Elway
bobblehead whoa
nice job some vitamins limits every foe
ha ha for smell those slippers huh yeah
that's try on Aaron's shoe Wow
that's company thanks for the shoes
there oh my gosh is this person
oh what a messy sick messy messy air
nice now you can join the Argentine
soccer team finish lage love it's O
fashion - down boy big bag o birth who
got me this flash oh yeah framed Marlon
catch better than oh that's awesome that
is custom Arlen I caught Mexico Wow
framed very turnit II know what it is
you're gonna pick it up would you get in
feels like physics textbook thanks guys
oh good here was good you don't want
your weight
here Harry pick it up let's see it ps4
whoa become a big a together The Last of
Us remastered thanks are you super happy
now I'm really happy
my pleasure sneeze right now yeah happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear the real life you're
excited AIDS happy birthday to you yes
yes hey what good great ha ha so Aaron's
happy you got a ps4 very excited when I
first bought this I wrapped it up for it
was during his mom's birthday and I
wrapped it up and put it in her present
pile and she was so confused I filmed it
too so I'll put that in the vlog right
here it is not a ps4
time to do when you're retired this is
not a PS there's a better open it
there's this is a we're back how funny
oh wow so it's gotten to be who knew a
ps4 could be so much fun
happy birthday thanks
well fess end of today's vlog it's a fun
little birthday experience anyway today
for watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
