are you recording me yes great Buford
say something say you have to introduce
the vlog Buford although this would be
very boring right now we're doing some
pretty close we haven't done these in
years if you guys have seen any the
prank calls we've done we're back at yep
so we're on Craigslist looking at some
funny products this one sounds
interesting twelve bum genius cloth
diapers but we're actually trying a
different style for a few of these we
used to do this when we were kids we
will you know we have like the voice
memos on your phone so what you do is
you just record like a whole
conversation like I just beg hey are
your bum typers available and like it'll
make more sense once we do it but then
when the person answers we click play
and just let it pan out see what happens
all right let's do it
yes hello my wife actually told me to
call you guys regarding your bum genious
cloth diapers because we have a newborn
we've been using the diapers but he
keeps getting rash and I didn't know if
like whose cloth diaper so absorb like I
don't know that is regarding it
okay it says this is a skill I'm not
quite sure what you mean by this did you
guys steal these because I do not want
to get in trouble with some newborn
they've been washed since they're still
oh I wish you could have got to that bar
she was Infinite Andrews turn and we
found this ad that says free farm and
ranch scrap metal cleanup so you just
recorded one and we're gonna give it a
go free I was just interested in your
Craigslist ad oh yeah it's just had a
couple questions it says the free farm
and I was wondering uh about this farm
does it come what kind of animals does
it come with by the way I found this one
for free
bee removal let's hope the answer your
freebie removal kit there ad on
Craigslist okay well here's the problem
I'm pretty sure my whole house is uh I
mean I'm hesitant to call pest control
cuz I actually wanna live in my house
again but we have I'm guesstimating
about maybe 1 to 2 million bees in my
house like literally every room is full
of bees I have no idea where they came
from I went in and nearly got killed by
a whole swarm
and termites you know everything we do
it all you're doing this for free cuz
this is probably gonna take all day
they are literally thousands if not your
turn what he got next all right so we're
looking at Dallas Texas right now and
here's an interesting offer a mini pig
hide the description it was a Christmas
present from my daughter no longer so
it's a really weird Christmas problems
so you're saying it has no gas and no
termites how's it going today it's just
calling about your Craigslist ad about
the pig my first question is like how
chubby do you think the pig is how much
weight I have a farm small pigs I'm
looking to upgrade with bigger pigs
with my diseases and stuff so I just
want to make sure this pig is not gassy
and has no termites it doesn't have any
of those things that's fantastic also on
your ad here says that you accept
interesting like gifts instead of cash
is that like what kind of gifts are you
interested in like I said I do have a
farm and I got lots of cows so uh if
you're interested I can bring over
nearly 80 gallons of milk maybe we can
do a trade well if you don't need the
milk well I do have chickens as well so
about the associate if you buy the pig
now that you will throw in a free
chicken dinner it says free chicken
dinner with purchase of piak so if
you're now gonna be able to provide the
chicken dinner then I'm afraid I don't
think we can do business with the pigs
okay you played along pretty long so yo
man I already go with that stuff man I
got chickens it's funny because his ad
is a butcher pig it's already been like
prepared so it's not oh really yes are
you calling your Craigslist ad
yes I see you're selling manure here I
had a few questions regarding that all
right question one is this real-life poo
or is this some sort of animal poo
estate what kind of manure it is I want
to be sure it is the very good manure no
you can stop right there partner here's
the deal
my wife she pulled a prank on me last
week and it really pissed me off so I'm
trying to get back to back at her I'm
going to prank her by ordering maybe a
hundred pounds of manure just dump it
all over her
Buford good job see it alright we're all
done with the prank calls hope you liked
them always fun to do prank calls and
yeah leave a comment down below for like
topics of another prank call because we
can do more and you guys can give us
ideas well dump so thanks for watching
hope it gave you a laugh and we'll see
you guys next time
