howdy Kiwis how's it goin great right
now okay first of all if any of you have
seen my engagement pics with this lovely
lady here back a while ago you will
remember this place we're at this place
that is used to be an elementary school
but they turned it into a coffee house a
a brew house a bike shop it's so cool so
that's where we're at right now let's go
let's go take a look here it is so
lovely such a brilliant idea just
transforming one of the pics we did I
was right here and then you go on the
doors the coffee shops right up here and
it's so cool guys but brick tell us why
we're actually here right now
well we were two reasons the first
reason is because I am going to be
taking some interior design photos for
like
design group just to show off like what
I can do and so hopefully I don't know
normally I'm not really an interior
design photographer but I put myself out
there guys baby smells like pizza in
here wall
can you leave yeah so here's the hallway
awesome looks like they have a little
shop here that's not open now but they
do have snacks isn't this awesome guys
this used to be a gym or a theater and
here's the coffee restaurant heating
attire here's what it's called by the
way the principal's office
I like what they they're so pretty
we got another engagement pictures right
here as well and in there but look how
creative it is
so awesome nice meeting area for
everybody and then we come down a little
ways and right around the corner you get
the little brewery they make all their
own beers here I think that's pretty
cool see right here they got that big
old machines I don't even know how that
works but it's cool
now that we're done visiting this school
me and Brittany are on a little date
hair park
yeah and we got a snack we're gonna
share Qdoba bowl beautiful we got some
champs and crackers and stuff there's a
playground we're gonna go play in the
playground we're kids at heart you know
that's how he is that's what we use this
it is like perfect outside right now
because it was windy everywhere else but
here I think cuz it's like we're in the
part of Colorado Springs where a lot of
trees are so the trees guard the wind
but this is awesome yeah all done with a
nice snack there we go all football
we're gonna bite catch three you could
just leave those on the ground
chat hike I'll try and catch one-handed
haha
never here at the playground they have a
rock wall wanna climb will I see outlet
that's you bad this probably isn't the
safest thing for little kids but since
we're here we're just gonna take some
pictures for Instagram we're gonna do
one just right on the walk wall I'm at
the slide it's very small that was fun
you have to do a slide now they have
this funky slide right here go go come
on
slide down the middle the photo kids can
do it you can do it just go well that
was pathetic
we're at this store called Hut eight and
there's probably stores like this around
where you live but it's the best we came
here like last week and I got a shirt
and like a brand new pair of jeans for
under 20 bucks they have name brand
clothes and super cheap plus it's just a
fun little store here seat nation shirts
eight bucks six bucks five bucks
look and here's all their jeans mainly
all of these jeans are under 20 bucks
and they're like a pretty dang nice
quality it's the best
I also want to point out I thought this
was funny all this section right here is
guys and then all this is girls really
it's like that anyone wants some Bob's
or them all I was shopping around
look at these bunnies just lounging
around yeah that guy just does not care
today though I'm just saying move
you got you changer spiked these are
sitting on his face so tonight we're
going over to Britney's parents house to
watch a show we got some time to kill so
we just got some Starbucks the water
Canadian cake pop
back home now thanks for watching guys
are you editing pics hey that's me
yeah anyway guys um and that's it Oh
exciting news we're going to California
for a month decides subtly tell you that
sorry mom we're just not telling you no
yeah we're gonna be doing some awesome
things if you guys didn't already know
I'm gonna be doing some acting stuff and
just pursuing dreams so that's what
we're doing here yeah we're gonna be
staying with somebody I'm not gonna tell
you yet but you know who it is it's
gonna be fun though anyways thanks for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow
