amen uh-huh you look pretty lonely and
upset do you need a bay or intended
Bennet yeah with the camera what are you
talking about that's new no you have no
nonsense
you looked upset like you sure you don't
need a bay no not me
mr. Gordon no one come on I get that
yeah you look really sad man you need it
I'm not sad though
well I sent her bought by yourself you
need a bay two buddies we promise
promise well here you go
serious yeah dude I've seen you on
YouTube though you promised
come on yeah yeah what's up fellas hey
Joey you guys need a bay how do you know
your videos go he's filming right there
he's filming lots of all winter break
this shot a quick question how many bays
do you have say that again
how many bays Bay's amazing you have I
don't understand that your bass Daisy a
bay oh I'm guessing you don't have any
probably not that oh that's embarrassing
but I will keep you hydrated this one's
empty but you can fill it up if you want
all right what's on that actually you're
walking around out a bay of what without
a bay
he's in high school she's in high school
well do you need a new one no oh so I
have some of my backpack if you wanted
one
alright you bros look pretty thirsty you
wanna BAE
do you want to bei I'm not thirsty it
your what I'm not thirsty yes really
yeah oh that's awesome that's a nice
shirt here you go
hey serious yeah you said you wanted a
so no there you go right thank you
hey Bros quick question how many Bay's
would you recommend a recommend I have a
day
no I'm just I'm Cheers how many would
base hey yeah hey ads and what I pay
like I don't know how else to explain it
what is it they you don't know what
Emmaus
hey excuse me cassia question yeah uh do
one of you need a bay oh no we're gonna
agree oh it looks like you already have
some in your hand but like you don't
have a drink so I don't know if you
wanted to pay oh I'm good thank you
though you sure nobody wants to Bay
we're just making a YouTube video oh did
you record that yeah it'd be okay if you
guys are in it yeah that's fine cool all
right
I'll see ya excuse me question did you
by any chance leave your BAE anywhere
follow your base
no because I have a extra one if you
want no well I just thought I'd ask
what's your name Andrew I'm Malia nice
to meet you nice to meet you too yeah
well I guess I'll go find someone else
that needs a BAE
all right huh okay thanks see ya so Brad
we're just making a youtube video anyway
we're just making a YouTube video oh
really yeah okay if you're in it huh be
okay you're cool what's a guy like me
got to do to get a bay around here
what's a bay there is a cafeteria they I
mean you could find your way there
