like this yeah I got you okay hey guys
welcome back to blogs hey everybody
we're doing something fun today yeah and
we're here with Matthew say hey Matt oh
where are you I can't see him they come
into the light I can't it's still we're
in the Sun and this exposure so am I not
wide enough this time no well what are
we doing in school we're playing I
didn't see if you model homes yeah I've
always wanted to do this but we have
never done it yet
right we can hide and seek in stores but
hence inks more fun with friends too so
actually never done hide-and-seek you've
never played hide-and-seek well I'm
young on video I always hide and seek
before now you just never played before
his childhood was a waste so we're
trying to find like really huge houses
that we can play in so we found one
right here we're gonna go check it out
so who's who's counting and who's hiding
well what does that mean
your accounting okay
all right wait so I should come in with
you guys yeah you should know because we
got we can't look like too conspicuous
to these people kind of conspicuous I
use my phone no cuz how if I'm counting
first time yeah here you guys
is this Oh No okay tell him the plan bye
so she just went downstairs when she
comes back up me and Matthew are gonna
go downstairs and you who's yelling you
going here yeah that's a nicer I may
actually use the bathroom so okay what
do I counter with our yes was this
functional yes Hey
okay I'll count to 30 that's very dark
it was right under the stairs so hear
him if he comes down Matt actually went
in the bedroom I wonder if I can see him
he's in there
thank you were under the bed
Wow a kid's bedroom I know you want to
be in here right no Andrew you think
you're funny
but I know you're in here somewhere
what this base one's actually not that
big so it's a big closet it's just
what's our good job so it looks like
they're building a lot here but here's
the next model home next around you you
counting oh right yes
okay we're still on the first war
Matthew wall this I love that yeah this
no for my house wait my house actually
okay you come here
I mean Andrea we'll go hide somewhere in
the house okay he hid under the bed last
time that's too easy
technically they grew the basement did
go up here so this is inbounds spot here
kind of buying this big screen not bad
just here
no one's here okay
Andrew keeps hiding really well all
right oh my god Wow Andrew what are you
doing another room this it's very cold
it's one the garage playing
hide-and-seek in model homes is
literally next-level hiding seats
because we first of all you can't get
caught you don't want to get caught you
have to be quiet you can can't talk loud
because it's so quiet in those houses oh
so it's like a challenge
so Andrews two for two now what what's
your secret well you know you just got
to be one with the house you gotta like
envision if I was building this house
where the nukes in need these okay I'm
gonna take that advice in the next house
that's mine
that's your what up well I'm gonna take
your advice and the reason why a model
home hide-and-seek is fun because there
are literally hundreds of models I feel
like in every city so it never gets old
there's always new spots and locations
constantly like just this area we're in
has probably ten plus model homes so did
you find a new area well wasn't it like
down here homes this way these homes
have an insane view by the way look at
this can I move lots of sky Colorado
mountains this is a gorgeous million all
right we're pulling up there's a few
cars here that's gonna be a whole extra
challenge if there's other people here
and we got to hide without being seen by
random people if they find us all then
say this house has a smart skybell and
camera so that says
oh grandma do they have the guest
beverages Wow this is tomorrow house
better after count seven counted yet so
okay I guess I'll go in the doggie
bathroom she's on the phone hurry
I'm gonna go count one two three
I have an idea to distract Andrew okay
oh wow this is so for twenty nine thirty
where are you guys buddy my shoes right
here oh yeah you love houses that was
the worst you took your shoes off would
you take your shoes off for his equal
okay we do what happened since you found
us we didn't even get to hide okay this
one the office is in there she said just
go outside and go to the house I think
there's nobody in the floor
that's gonna Sabet so you have to count
not to 30 so we can actually hide we're
gonna set the timer here for a minute
in 30 seconds our marks get set go with
you oh I don't think I can see in here
they're not gonna hide in here though
what stairs nice oh this basement dome
I'm gonna leave my shoes as a decoy put
one right here one right here okay this
is a closet two one
maybe I tried Nazis might be able to
hello I'm checking all avenues and done
here guys I'm think thank goodness and
took my shoes off yeah I fit
I know it hurts something down here
you're walking down the stairs they're
definitely what uh I'm getting
suspicious
Gary took his shoes off again take his
shoes off for now he's gotta find his
shoes he's gotta be in here he's
probably running around
I don't know King go under the bed those
idiots
oops hello hey there what picking up the
bed yeah I just saw this two feet
sticking out here now where did butthole
go
like wondering if I should know for just
to hear cuz that's what I like to do
usually when playing hide-and-seek it's
fun to like move around but then it
really confuses something and then you
could go to spots where they've already
checked you know where he is
well if you know where his shoes are
though yeah well they were there
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh is he down here no I
already checked like all down here we'll
find you
whoa this shower though okay ah nope he
can't fit into that bed guys sure I
already looked all downstairs he's
probably moving around
I thought basically no wait here like
Marvin Gaye yeah I was just thinking
that
is he in the closet hello it's so
uncomfortable a full my neck yes that
was a good spot I think I've won yes
yeah Adventure you definitely definitely
won good guys leave a comment of the
best hiding spot it's clear no I got a
comment
good job now and you got to find your
shoes oh come on I ran out see you a
house we love you too good bye bye see
ya yeah be safe alright guys hope you
enjoyed that hide-and-seek episode if
you did leave a like you want to leave
you guys with this word here proverbs 3
5 through 6 trust in the Lord with all
your heart and do not lean on your own
understanding and in all your ways
acknowledge him and he will make your
paths straight
perfect you love you guys I'm gonna see
you back here tomorrow bye
