guys right now
it's nighttime as you can see we have
Britney holding the flashlight because
we got to work with what we got
so here's the deal
my mom and my sister were at a
chick-fil-a recently and they got
recognized by this mom and her daughters
so she posted a picture and then they
emailed me because they live in Colorado
Springs we live obviously and said that
their daughter's birthday is coming up
be awesome if we could stop by and so
that's what we're doing right now we're
going to surprise her for her birthday
and we got me Brit Andrew
Mary the whole gang here she asked for
it so we're delivering it we got a nice
little some Jase to merch here for them
some bracelets all the goods so let's go
right we've made it guys they don't know
we're here yes yes it's okay it will
pass she's right there she's the one who
set us up Hey
Wow okay so I was wrong about the
surprise party being today some Saturday
completely read the message wrong it's
supposed to go on Monday so let's fast
forward to Monday shall we and we're
back it's Monday now we're in different
clothes today is the day I'm sure this
time so now we just got to drive hey I
cleaned up the car just a replay of last
time
be birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Savannah happy
birthday to you make a wish you can
still make a wish more wish now time to
eat now it's time to play some games
what are we playing guys I didn't know
it was actually called that but I played
this before okay so what happens is is
that if you if you the next person
doesn't hit the a ball before it stops
you get a letter and spell scribe we can
make a cat with so many people will just
say Kenneth but what if you miss it you
keep going to tell the ball stops until
they both stop
the first two people out Britt and
birthday girl oh man playing curse just
funny game okay so pick a card and then
you pick who you want the curse to be on
justice Oh
whenever someone makes an animal noise
you become incredibly itchy scratchy
yourself all right you got a curse card
what is it says you're scooby-doo begin
most of your words with our sounds as in
my name is Ruby family there was very
particularly with their chores but Jimmy
hated chores
trying to take another player's lunch
money give her the money trust me
sandwiches sandwiches was it easy one
man
andrew can't bend his elbows in your by
president curse on him but such a card
thing huh give the player oh give the
players the players next to you a
fashion critique on where our falls okay
now you guys are you okay this pocket is
really really terrible
like why sucks no it doesn't it adds
style it's the end of the night guys we
have to go are you guys sad we had a
great time celebrating Savannah's
birthday thank you guys for setting all
this up and just allowing us to come
over and surprise ya and how long have
you been watching like you Wow and she
seemed like every one of our vlogs she
was like it's the best it was great
meeting you guys
thanks for just the support and we will
definitely be using this chick-fil-a's
