hey cabbage welcome back to another
episode of fan mail we have a whole fan
and via you are a my all-time favorites
buna khals wow i want to open this I see
a bunch of sports cards Andrew are you
excited or what
holy do they have my favorite player
no oh but here and a letter that's just
the pre surprise uh-huh my name is
Justus I'm 14
I am 14.5 I am 14 hi thank you I am 14
go Detroit Lions Michigan State Spartans
are my favorite college team look on
back instructions to a thing I got for
Christmas you need them more for me oh I
see you eat what is this you got
headphones anyway so ever sent this
grant Oh justice thank you for that this
letters from Ivan to Kevin what you
realize Kevin doesn't live with us
anymore actually let me read that one
last two Jessamine Andy's oh here's a
letter I worried okay dude Justin and
you guys are the best pranksters and
best guys he needs you Paula thanks man
I even liked how you sprayed Kevin with
silly string yes we read Kevin's letter
no oh you are the best guy I got
interested in and when I saw your video
of Justin Bieber eats hey Justin Andy
and Brit my name is Jared owner of at
Jase two official on Instagram he's an
owner of one of our fan pages on
Instagram and I just want to say that
you guys are the best
you helped me when I'm sad but watching
her vlogs he's supposed to be doing his
homework but apparently he's writing
this letter and at one point my mom
restricted Safari so I would not watch
your videos Oh mom okay that's it he put
an index in debt and he put an index
card here with some
let's princess design it but thanks
Jared for everything
do not read Justin and Andrew give to
Kevin please for Kevin it's broken okay
hey this one's not hey is there a broken
dollar before I start read this on
youtube anyways you should make more
pranks and King Soopers here is 25 cents
CSA for quarters
you get 25 cents 25 cents Mary gets 25
cents and Brittany gets 25 cents
and Brittany's name wrong don't make fun
of him I know but you rip the dollar bro
just for that do it thanks for the
thanks for the letter David well this
letter said do not end on it it wasn't
bent by the way to Justin and Andrew and
kind of I sexy oh there's a pain
hey dear Justin Andrew I am a huge fan
of you guys and you make the funniest
videos I hope you posted this on one of
your youtube videos I mean I have a
Harlem shake you should check it out
yeah but I will send you the name in the
next letter okay commence the suspense
thank you
also I support the cause of the ball to
Andy foundation follows Andy foundations
support the cause PS his name is Charles
PS tell Kevin
I have his vids you have no I love is
this how did you get his Vince line we
have another supporter of the ball to
Andy foundation Thank You Charles
this next envelopes from Tiffany she's
from Canada she sent us three Christmas
cards each isn't for me Justin yep and
this one made me laugh because it says
Andy you're as cute is this dog that's
funny
I'm says I know your name Justin do not
worry about that I'm not worrying don't
worry and yes I am married
Thank You Tiffany letter there's a
picture here with a clown and apparently
the boy says well
me as a sweetie 27 year old to justin
Andrew shoutout to Oakley James from
Utah well I did read that on the vlog
like I said my name is Oakley James
we're at one of his favorite YouTube
youtubers he watches our vlogs every day
high five gold star for you for watching
every day and he's gonna start us on
YouTube channel good okay anyways
Thank You Oakley for the s this next
letter is from Owen and he is a home
schooler and it says he always likes
watching her videos she's awesome and he
said he is not our number one fan
because of the hundreds of people that
already say that so he's our number
seventh fan he enclosed three safety
pins so the next time we see Kevin we
can pin his pants up I would definitely
be doing that it's awesome thanks Owen
this next letters from Diego and on the
right when it says why would you open it
says if you read this letter Andi has to
shave his hair talk rap sorry dude he
says thanks Diego um yeah I'm 10 years
old he lives in Washington's
favorite football team CAS CLO Seahawks
what are your a joke a real okay here it
goes there was an electric train going
north which way did the smoke go turn
for answer nowhere is an electric train
oh man darn it he's dumped you you
little comedian there thanks Diego this
next letter is from Dylan and he want to
say that he loves our videos he's
thirteen and a half years old so I'm
glad I put the half and there you know I
would have got very confused and he put
a penny for bold and D it
he just says our videos make him feel
happy when he's down so that's awesome
Dylan thanks for the letter he also
enclosed this picture so alright um this
is Nick's letters from Matthew he loves
our videos and he says I have struggled
with depression and anxiety I also have
ADHD and Ashbury Asperger's it's a type
of autism and your videos just show
people the happiness in life
thank you very much Matthew I'm so glad
use our videos to help you
happy of yourself all right this next
letter is from parsing this wrong Jonah
Jonah Jonah sorry
he wrote this is cool this he's got duct
tape around it it says Merry Christmas
Casey yeah yeah that's about it anyway
they just say you is it for Justin to
give me a gift card for Christmas to a
hair salon so I could go bald
so dude I should really do that when we
get a million subscribers I will do that
right when I open it a buck just falls
right out
holy crap don't go spending this all in
one place ginger I want it back dear
juicer studio they love your pranks and
vlogs they're the best
I'm currently live in Cali you're being
boozled challenge is the best you're the
best Wow
we're the best dog this is from I don't
know who this is from
alright I don't know who this is from
but thank you that is a cool envelope
yeah this next letter is from Brandon he
says hey sloths can I have your
autographs here's a return envelope so
that is the key to getting an autograph
it has that stamp too that's damning key
stamp return envelope so that's the key
to getting one back and yeah I guess
well sign yes okay they started so
letter says I'm stuck in here you're
just in the Andrew and dad my name is
Julia i watch your videos for about a
year um I watch you guys when I when
I've had a tough day and you guys always
bring a smile on my face I want to thank
you since here's the Julia age 11 PPS I
love the hot sauce ppps
I'm very happy of myself PPP PS no bald
Andy
yes bald Justin ha we've established the
ball to Amy Foundation not the ball
Justin foundation all right nice letter
is from Warren Warren from California
this is what a it's got a picture of the
Angels baseball I love your videos I'm
seven years old that's it thanks I want
to point out that that I think is our
youngest fan letter we've ever received
seven years old
so yeah thanks thanks for sending dude
that's awesome Joshua sent a letter as
well he enjoys our videos he's a new fan
apparently I was asking if I could have
one your decks from your skateboard bits
I would be very thankful if you're right
back and if I can have one your
skateboard next Andrew I don't know if
you approve of this do you by want to
keep my skateboard yeah he collects
skateboard decks but anyways judgment
thanks for being a fan what's up guys
back again
Matthew a sentimental letter it is a
Chrismukkah quad so it's dear Disney
Studios Merry Christmas here's a dollar
for Ball Danny oh yeah I do you know
we've finished the envelopes we're going
onto the big gunas who sent these this
time Wow I like this one especially
because they decorated it but um I guess
we have to decide who opens what I do
want to point out thanks to anybody I
don't know who keeps sending us that
these Lego magazines but I love Legos
alright um how should we go who wants to
open what I have an idea
okay what is it I'm gonna do this yes
you can't see what package isn't what
here uh yeah I don't okay so I know just
take a hand
okay I'm gonna go with the left hand
Oh fine okay I'll open this now I
recognize the name of this package it's
from Alexa she tweets me a lot that's
why I recognized it
Oh alright let's read this letter first
always a letter first if they could come
out and hurry hi my name is Alexa I'm 17
years old I watch all Britney's and your
videos that's awesome
when I watch them they make me happy I
look like Britney and you to autograph
the picture send it back in the rich are
vote a few years ago I sent a picture of
Jacob and you to sign and I still have
it whoa gonna fan for a while yes put
the picture back in the Sam's Club
envelope return envelope that is what
I'm talking about and I think it's in
here you
whoa whoa she went to see him squab
apparently well that's a nice picture
you got there yeah Alexa we will sign
this I promise and send it back to you
that's kind of you to do this this
letters from Jessie epic package gosh
darnit grank shish kebab balloons for
helium in the drive-thru good we need a
good supply I'm gonna do that again I
just love the way you decorate it here
is awesome please open your vlog fine
we will definitely open this and vlog
beautiful what is that that's all I'll
sit here the sucker
what okay that's just Andy Vika jeez
Andy oh yes Daddy
Wow
this is the letter lip it Wallis's cool
paper it's a long letter too long to
read on vlog but we're gonna read this
personally right now hello dressing you
guys make the best videos ever and
that's all you guys get that's awesome I
wonder what mine could be all dude there
you go bro like oh man
I'm definitely I don't have any
ornaments for Christmas and me and Brady
just got married we don't have any we
have 100 ball ball ball but I'm gonna be
excited to put myself on the Christmas
tree if that's what it is yeah boy ain't
boy that is this gorgeous thank you the
letter the package it's all just so
awesome thank you so much I'm gonna
track them tansy don't I really like I
really like peas I'm trying these drips
there's cinnamon lips look like dog food
all right blog Oh yummy
thanks again Jesse for the nice letter
best of luck to you with your opera
skills that's crazy you can do that
we're enjoying this candy here as well
this is her see your dead guy but
anyways guys thanks for watching this
today thanks seriously everybody keeps
sending us stuff we enjoy reading it
Aaron the real Aaron sites what the
Aaron look at your hoodie in here a
real-life Aaron sites has spawned I like
that hoodie
Ohio's day yeah that's all that's all
that's all guys have a great rest your
day we'll see you guys soon goodbye
