motorboats how's it going we're sitting
here in front of a train right now isn't
that just beautiful it is actually very
beautiful out here
dudei but anyways right now we're going
to this our friend's house she's been
helping us with acting and so we're
gonna start practicing with her because
next month is pilot season and we can
tell you more about that later but we're
going to practice acting right now and I
just want to point out that your hair is
on point today break and that lip balm
stop it no thankfully today it's 47
degrees instead of 20s like I actually
feel kind of hot right now
and it's very bright out
we're here guys we're at their house and
we're practicing some acting and just so
you guys can meet them this is Stacey
hello Stacey
and mr. buff oh hey Brittany's here as
moral support and right now we're
actually practicing a dumb and Dumberer
scene and uh it's kind of hard because I
can't move it just doesn't make sense
with you if you're not really an actor
practice acting so he's doing great
doing awesome thank you straight out I
just finished acting class and I also
wanted to point out something this guy
has been watching our videos for how
long did you say Stacey well I don't
know actually
cuz you just randomly figured out he was
watching their videos yeah I know he's
been watching your vlogs since the
beginning is that right and then he's
been watching your videos a lot longer
than that yeah he's a huge fan he was so
awesome and he brought when I came in he
drew this and gave it to me so this will
be saved and going on the wall no
puppets in my library I can't believe I
even knew why do men have nipples only
the few the proud but thanks for being
an awesome fan bro pound it
yeah me and Andrew
I ain't going to pick up a friend from
the airport right now he's gonna be
staying with us for like three days
we're gonna be doing a ton of fun
activities so you guys are in store for
a good flogs
I just got to the airport now I have to
wait a little bit but I have to clean
out the back seat cause it's full of
crap and my trunk full of crap ah he's
calling hello dude what happened are you
kidding me get her out of the laboratory
now and get out of there let's speed up
to catch him I won't
Jonathan I know we want to make you walk
dog all right so John is made it here
how was your flight dog well it took
them about 30 minutes to load two bags
in the cargo making a slight delay so
that was fun I'm here so if you guys
didn't know this is actually the first
time we are hanging out with him in
person so this is gonna be a fun little
adventure but we do get Jonna a welcome
snack if you want the snack yeah do you
want to I thought you hate food no do
you want to snack yes or no yes please
you know it's creamer
I thought you wanted a shot of creamer
to wake you up or something shall I do
it for the camera they will do it better
than airplane food oh my gosh and
they'll never do that again
yeah we don't have anything to give you
because you did oh well there's chips
right here minutes I don't trust those
chips yeah they're kind of expired mr.
haire chick-fil-a John's never had
chick-fil-a before
dude he's super yes cutsies so here's
what we got
chicken sandwich yes Andres food nice
beautiful Cobb salad you know I'm trying
to be good you are doing great
is it beautiful
he can't even talk guys like I we gotta
put this down
tell the chick-fil-a deliciousness
always now we're moving on to bigger and
better things
Party City we're filming helium anyways
we're filming helium again
anybody who loved our first helium in
the drive-through don't waltz we're
trying it again so we have to get some
balloons which is this is balloon city
yes
yes do not drop these promise this car
changes colors okay it's purple orange
yellow green what how do they do that
that's so cool anyways wrote McDonald's
about to prank what are you supposed to
do when you're in a high-speed chase
he's a purple green we just finished
doing some clips and this guy has it
Starbucks look what he did to the cup a
skinny and a skinny iced h2o I told my
name was Donna and he was so kind to
give me a very skinny ice water and now
John's turn to do it Andrew got some
good clips yeah we still got tons of
balloons back here as you can see so are
you ready bro absolutely here's how we
do it you just put the straw right in
the balloon so it's way easier to get
the helium out and we don't we're taping
up right now this stuff really works
it's amazing it's the best suit
absolutely here's a quick little behind
the scenes for you guys
yeah so moms letting the order for once
um I'm trying to think do you guys have
the frostings with the Mike and Ikes in
sight any special promotions
any special promotions just finished
filming and now we got an edit which
because we have to upload usually upload
it oh this is thing focusing usually
upload it to and now it's 3:30 so we're
late sorry guys alright so we're out for
dinner now and I want to show you our
VIP room hello folks do we get this
whole room to ourselves
it's so cool
foods arrived guys we all got the same
thing green planet buffalo chicken fly
Brad it's half off since it's a happy
hour look who just showed up hey you
like that you like our room wow we have
John here he's a little VIP thank you
John alright I think that about sums up
today's vlog folks it's very fun but
before we go I wanted to show you guys
something so if you guys remember in the
other vlog I mentioned this new app
called story we've been on it for a
little bit here here's my profile and I
did a story called where is dad and I
told everybody in this video to send me
their dads and I would put it in today's
vlog so I'm doing that here's a little
preview by the way hey guys today we're
gonna be trying to find dad because I
have no idea where he is
yeah yeah anyways here are some of my
favorite
how do you see my dad where's there
that's it folks shout to everybody who
did that I think it's hilarious I really
want to do a whole prank doing dad I'm
gonna do more of these anyway on the
story app so if you're not following me
yet maybe come follow me and we'll
feature you in more challenges in the
future also this morning Andrew was on
the Meredith Vieira show live so in the
next couple days we will hopefully show
you a clip from the show if you aren't
watching so tune in and thanks for
watching guys and we'll see you tomorrow
good bye
