good morning enchiladas we are going to
the beach today with GoPro and have fun
and go swimming and we Mary's ready to
go to the beach have some fun in the
water today will it's cool it's kind of
cloudy today that's all right it's been
sunny but sometimes the clouds are nice
since all this hot but somebody had a
snack clean up bad all right
I thought it was funny prank to do here
well see if we can try it out but the
prank is these windows here
they like open up and this is like the
bathroom so you can like basically just
hear when someone's taking a shower
I just thought be really funny I'd like
someone's walking by and like you just
hear someone like rip like a huge fart
so be like in the in they're taking a
shower just like I bet somebody would
look you
it was working out they used to have a
gym here it was on the roof of the
building
six-six-six floor but apparently all the
equipment blew away in the hurricane you
went up there right yeah there's nothing
left
oh no hurry all the bench bars and free
weights we're walking down on the beach
I found a cruise ship Wow there's
actually two who ships here one right
over there and one right there Mary and
I are thinking about getting a wave
runner driving over there to the cruise
ship taking it over and then pointing
captain Phillips I'm the captain now
this is my Jeep
here's the GoPro got to say cool like
floating device thing so yeah we're
gonna overtake the cruise ship on the
wave runners
you just got down with the wave runners
wow that was fun so cool see that like
sea lion or whatever right next to the
wave runner oh well I did like a rock
like that Aaron got a boo-boo dad was
hugging my back so hard every time in a
way they just scrape his vest on my back
that was rude
it was getting mean and say anything
going to lovers Beach take a look this
is a glass bottom you can see the
fishies
the Sea of Cortez right then you walk
over to this country that's the Pacific
Ocean that's cool
this is the Pacific side they don't the
guy said they don't recommend swimming
here because the waves are pretty big
we're gonna get called
everybody do some nice body surfing on
this Wow
oh my goodness
Oh
at the beach is any seashells but like
you close to this side now you see all
these details
Wow
they were saying this beach is where
they filmed an ending to my manatee
because the first one for the guys
riding on the beach and he finds the
Statue of Liberty over here on this
Beach right here
that's pretty cool
I run this side now it's a lot calmer
over here
Aaron you got captured let my brother a
goal
Andrew what happened we made it to Dairy
Queen yes are you one of these
that's the choco Carmelo kvk sold
all right so it's nighttime now and meri
and I are going to the casino well never
guess II know in the mall here it's just
pretty awesome
big-time all here I guess he know right
up here yes here walked up to the casino
but we saw his bars got lots of
superheroes in here
but the whole the Joker's spied Oh
spider-man
Yoda this is a sick bar
yeah Ironman in the window here sweet
here you're out of the casino yes yes
yes we were here yesterday dad and I
were playing some roulette and the
minimum for the table for a bet it's
only 25 pesos so it's like 2 bucks it's
an epic oh here we go guys we want 300
pesos we start with 20 American dollars
there we start with 270 pesos because I
was 20 American dollars and we ended
with 300 and some coins 327 so whatever
we didn't really lose money we just
didn't really go insane rich what's
going on
and like a concert over here for
princesses and the three kings you have
a three wise men it's a Disney
Princesses I saw this really insanely
fun downtown some creatures with our
casino winnings we were able to buy a
sandwich some cool stuff on the menu
here and that the tunas in which is 68
Wow the pool is awesome at night they
have blue Jolly Ranchers that make it
like different colors in the pool yeah
just the blue one they put a bunch of
Jolly Ranchers in the pool and tonight's
Jolly Rancher was blue raspberry
flavored so maybe tomorrow we'll have
green apple I don't know
hey Dad well thanks for watching today's
vlog that's the end of the video hope
you guys are enjoying it and we'll see
you tomorrow
peace
