good morning guys how's it going I'm
doing great thanks for asking today uh
is a very cold day outside and it's
actually snowing I don't know if it's
still snowing but there is still snow on
the ground so we Brittany's been wanting
to do this photo shoot for a while now
Brittany what you tell them about it
real quick well right now it isn't like
we're wearing them but we're we're
underneath these sweats are our
swimsuits and we are going outside it's
like how cold is it that's definitely
like point below know whether you guys
snowing outside hopefully I don't get
frostbitten because I have swim trunks
under this don't know why I don't have
any other sweatpants right now so I have
to go out wearing this
oh but let's go I guess so yeah here's
what it looks like just snowy and
pageant we both just look really funny
right now like wearing this clothes so
we just got here to super target we're
actually not quite sure if they're going
to have any sort of floaties slash
summer summer pools party stuff since
yeah it's in the middle of winter well
hopefully have it here if not we're just
going to do the fun photo shoot with
just the swimming trunks which will be
just fine but the floaties would
like it's just boring to look at this
bike Doh that's nice
looks like they have everything but
summer stuff except they do have goggles
athomie I guess pool summer type stuff
to have here which was expected but want
to be styling in school and get the
pepperoni pizza backpack Wow
so crazy I know so good for you are
getting ready to brave the cold 21
degrees
oh geez this is gonna be freezing we
gotta go down the road we can't see us
they're gonna think we're crazy
beep all right let's uh go down there
here are just get in the camera shop
we're gonna stand right out here it's
like a nice don't show us now haha
somebody help
Oh God the wind is too cold
here's old Michael oh this is so smart
oh my gosh look so awesome
Oh guys
hi everything there's none here just get
in
oh well that was an experience do nice
and warm inside I don't think I'm gonna
go outside anymore for all winter that
sounds like a great idea and guys I
wanted to mention this new app that just
came out today and no this is not a
sponsor just because I talk about
something doesn't mean it's a sponsor I
know a lot of people think that because
I only shout something out or talk about
like how much you'd pay I'm not getting
paid a fit I actually found out about
this app through fun for Louie he's one
of my favorite youtubers and he's been
working on it for awhile so I downloaded
it that's awesome I wanted to show you
guys it real quick so here's that story
and there's me if you guys want to
follow me it's there's my username it's
same as everything else basically this
is just like a mini YouTube platform I
guess it's like you can do vlogs on the
go when it wherever you are so for
example Britney's got a profile too and
we've been doing some stories here's
hers hers is I miss B mark so basically
here's how it works
so it's about 20 degrees outside and
this is what we're doing right now this
is all wearing me right around the snow
yeah it's just like you can record
videos on the go wherever you are and
compile them they automatically compile
into a video think we're going to start
posting on there a lot more now because
it's such a cool concept for I can
happen Britney's on it too if you want
to go follow her I'll leave a link in
the description if you guys want to try
it out and our usernames will be below
as well so yeah just something to look
forward to besides these vlogs you get
mobile vlogs on the go
I'll just quickly show you one I made
today hey guys welcome to story
here we are
ouch cheese hot well it's about that
time again to go to the gym so got my
protein ready and I just want to let you
know guys know this is very good for
protein ah we've been using this stuff a
few flavors actually chocolate and it's
all natural stuff here 20 grams of
protein and this is vegan stuff so I'm
not sure if you guys go to the gym and
use protein but that's what I use just
in case you're wondering where you get
all his muscles from no probably have
muscles huh what about your muscles huh
Oh bad whoa whoa watch out I mean like
oh sorry such a nice peaceful road it
looks like we're in a scary movie since
it's like so foggy you know
ah before workout I gotta grab a towel
because things can get a bit sweaty in
here always got his headed Jeffrey hey
guys what we've been trying to do every
time I go to the gym is run a mile or
more so you're ready to run a mile today
Bridge more more more MORE
I don't know about a mile we have to go
above and beyond got to see those
results you know oh and I can't wait to
show you guys this during the summer
like outside it is so fun and me that's
like something me and Brittany like I've
been looking forward to ever seen all
right long pick em you can get just
working out but it's actually just the
pool
haha yeah cuz their pools super awesome
they got a sweet like snack bar Jacuzzi
slides it's gonna be a blast guys okay
so we just finished her run but I wanted
to point out something I noticed a lot
of people when they're running they have
terrible form so I want to show you guys
how to properly run real quick
anyways folks that's how you dude
make sure when you go to the gym that's
how you run
tip time you get by deep we did dip in
the chips dip
well done Jim now you gotta get your
breath Dane how'd you like that workout
you're like intense it's hard like when
you're not like and do it well
we usually when we're done with workouts
go in the steam room and get a shower
why not but we're just probably gonna
head home and watch a movie or something
that's not good Redbox it's funny
is like people aren't used to it
like I don't know just fighting to see
people's reactions to you walking in
like I was like I know I don't know if
Phil's brood and then also people treat
you weird like I feel like most people
get confused when somebody's pointing a
camera and talking at a camera because
most people don't know that you that
people put videos on YouTube vlogging
like talking themselves so like that
guy's a little creepy
filming himself taking a selfie but they
don't understand now it's even more like
a horror movie out here so foggy dad dad
Jase to taxi here to pick you up where
would you like to go you'd like to go
home with you okay for free delay
your eyes he wanted me to film him
getting a red box for you guys but I'm
gonna be super girly and say I don't
want to get out of the car so um so I I
filmed for you just and that was it ask
your woman shot yet the equalizer and
plan out the aims um what is the e :
sorry about the Denzel Washington the
one your dad got uh you pick you can you
kind of look like a monkey just then so
maybe we should do that one back home we
got the equalizer heard it was super
good so I guess we'll find out Denzel
Washington's a really good actor but
thanks for watching the vlog today guys
getting hungry again so I'm gonna have
to have some snacks but I hope you guys
have a great weekend
like I said Andrew gets back today
because I'm uploading the vlog today
Andrew's back today so I'm not sure what
we're gonna do about vlogs I don't know
how many vlogs he filmed in Mexico but I
don't know if we're gonna do like a week
of just his vlog in Mexico or if he
should upload two vlogs a day like one
from his trip and one from current day I
don't know let us know in the comments
down below what you think we should do
and I also filmed a video on Brittany's
channel recently so I'll link her
channel down below if you aren't
subscribed to her channel yet and about
the story app I realized if you search
it on the App Store since it just came
out it doesn't come up I'll leave one in
the description for you guys if you want
to download it check the links in the
description and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
kuba
