hey guys we got some fan mail here from
you guys was the best intro thank you
Wow and we haven't done one of these in
a while we probably have more male in
our Finn the lodge both haven't checked
it this is the recent check is this is
cool it's got lots of cool stickers on
here a big box that we will save for the
end fine but let's begin I'll open up
this letter from Tanner whoa this is the
back of letters obviously a Bronco
symbol I like that
Broncos what are you right now okay fan
mail says I love your blogs and gaming
channel so we got a upload on a gaming
channel board we will do that this year
guys yes this is my first letter to a
famous youtubers I hope you like there
and when you will read this on YouTube
yes at the end of this video I made
something for you is there a video
somewhere on here Andrew I know you're
never going to go bald until you're at
least 40 or 50 years old what but if you
to change your hair put it as an afro ah
now Andrew do not read why thank you
Tanner for this letter I'm glad we are
your first person to send letters yeah
and Buford keeps smelling this package
so there's probably dog food in here
this next letter some BJ I hope you like
the picture Indian Justin not Kevin it
would be the best picture it was the
best picture I could do but my cousin
stole it and put it on Google what I
guess you did wrote that giant anyways
thanks for the picture sup Jase - I love
your vids I have some questions for you
how old are you I'm 21 I'm 23 how many
pets do y'all have
re-what I don't have my parents have two
dogs andrew has two dogs but I have a
rabbit - oh yeah just saying I'm 11
years old again
just sayin Oh what is your favorite food
when you was a kid and now I like
Mexican food no as a kid Pizza probably
but I would for you to sign the front of
the paper or the back I don't care
really please
I forgot my name is Jorden 3 what is
your favorite college football team
I don't really watch college football
Jordan but Andrew does
oh how state that's it go national
championship Yelp Oh game my snout was
the same Oh anyway thanks for the letter
man eat sleep print repeat Andy eat
sleep boy ate repeat Justin there's a
penny for the ball Justin a any
foundation fight well half a cent each
cuz there's only one penny so my name is
Steve am i watching your videos for a
year and I'm your biggest fan
promise I think you need a name for your
fans like Colin's keys cause I'm keepers
maybe like the Hawaii or me or something
 how about just the holy
maybe you guys should put comments down
below of what you think you guys should
be called and then he uh he wrote a top
secret prank idea so I don't know if
we're allowed to show this or not Steven
let us know it's top secret we can't
there seems to be a picture in this one
hey that's from my Instagram Oh looks
like poodle I know they printed it off
high quality that's looking good a
letter or an envelope with what's in it
or a stamp
what the just okay that's a monkey
that's awesome mayonnaise you just hang
this up on your wall wall I love your
videos your vlogs always cheer me up
after a hard day of school being in high
school senior I've had lots of
all-nighters and I watch your vlogs to
keep me happy that is great to hear
I love them thanks so much I don't
really have any friends so it's like
when I watch your vlogs I'm there with
you and for a moment I have friends you
guys make me very happy
can you guys send back an autograph
include his stamp from you front
Christian all the way from Texas and a
donation here's a real-life penny yes
and Wow well he says he struggles with
depression and anxiety in that our
videos have helped him out so much your
videos make a difference Wow
oh well that means a lot to hear that a
lot our videos help you out thanks for
being an awesome fan shout out to
Christian will send letter back Buford
what are you doing in my bed Buford what
are you doing in my bed thanks for
opening my letter it made me feel good
my mom likes your channels too oh I'm
sorry for the bad lighting in the last
letter wait can I have your camera don't
go bald and please two cents for you
David oh here's a picture of David me me
in second grade David that's David Wow
they give us 26 cents yes
Houston Texans I'm guessing that's your
favorite team Denver Broncos look at
back more on back look on back
moron bash you really like psych
football teams I'm guessing the Redskins
look at back all boob and the 49ers and
the Giants thanks for those drawings are
pretty good so yeah David J said you're
awesome looks like this letters blue I
like it and it says they're from
Colorado so oh is this a Christmas card
oh my goodness somebody sent us a
Christmas card there's me and there's
you they said me you yes I get the sled
you don't oh I love you Merry Christmas
and happy birthday from Patrick star yes
may all the magic and joy of this
special season fill your heart Merry
Christmas
this is the first Christmas letter we've
gotten our fan mail yeah thanks patrick
Star
oh it's a real-life car from Zach that's
a cool car for Andrew go balls 7.5
billion dollars so thanks Zach PS the
keychain is for you guys it isn't my
favorite in my collection glad you
collect keychains and you gave us your
favorite one dude you didn't have to
it's got a real life bet Liam on the
back of this letter it says use a next
prank I'm not sure what this is his name
is Roland and I say say hi a randomly at
school I'm 14 and in eighth grade this
is for the vault Andy foundation
negative point $1 whoa Oh see this but
he said cut on line so we have to cut
this out for it to be adults negative
negative point one so tell Andy he owes
me a penny
No then what's it say boy hey Broncos
yes freak yes that's cool this fits your
room so well yeah we ain't Broncos
thanks Roland Wow
I felt like a card no no way another
Christmas card this is from your friend
crystal these dear joste Studios I like
the first say congratulations to you and
Justin Brittany on your wedding and JC
shooters we're doing funny pranks you
guys Rock
keep doing funny pranks that help people
stay happy
that is beautiful thank you Chris Paul
Psalms 71 24 I will look that up now
crystal thank you
your Justin and I love your vids you
make me laugh can you please send me
something back with your autographs from
column or Andy let me join your clash of
clans clan only if you ask please send
me something back why do you just do
that in one matter Andrew can I join you
to clash of clans of clan my name is Big
Easy well he literally said this thing
where I'm gonna open it there's like a
coin that says five dollars the back
says smiley face I never seen that claim
before well that's because it's rare my
name is Jake I'm a sophomore in high
school I watch your vids dally I mean my
sister have made it a ritual to watch
watch at least two pranks before bed
each whoa I think that's really cool and
also that makes me bring up something on
my Instagram so I was asking people what
their resolutions were and somebody said
their 2015 resolutions is to watch every
more Jase 2 video
that's a cool ritual to have good
resolution you guys make me laugh it's
so awesome to have your videos in our
lives in my humble opinion you two are
the best youtubers on the face of the
planet
whoa show my support a five dollar coin
has been enclosed for the bald Andy
foundation if my school day was a
thunderstorm then your videos would be
the Sun at the end
oh that analogy was so nice Justin Andy
wasn't they with extra bald sauce wow
that's good artwork dude thank you
that's cool hey
guys are the best for pranks and thank
you for being clean on your vids I know
you won't do this but you can text me
not for I sexy
I'm 12 but my birthday is December 6 are
going to be 13 my name is Nick this is a
$2.00 bill be careful with it boy Wow I
see one of these in a while
Norville let's just say that goes throw
a ball game yeah it's like it's from
Braden more Jase do whoa hey whoa so I'm
talking about he's 10 years old tear
just Mandurah I love all your vids like
a bacon experience and your last man
building again I love your vids thank
you very much for the latter Braden oh
wow
oh this is a full letter here hey
Broncos hi Justin and Andy my name is
Joey I live in Florida I love your
breaks he's got much as sings I guess
you get that camera on my face Kevin and
es skyzone I've had too much fun I need
help i need something boring look what I
can do Who AJC studios I love it that's
cool
Thank You Joey thanks man this is from
Amy Oh
do you ever just think about someone and
immediately get really happy because
their existence is a source of joy to
you well Justin and Andrew you both are
special to me you guys are always making
my cheeks sore from smiling constantly
you both are so sweet lovely crazy and
jokingly butt heads what did you just
say I've been watching you guys for
three years and I always been wanting to
send you guys stuff I just haven't got
to it yet oh yeah thank you both for
always making me laugh thank you for
loving Jesus and trusting him don't stop
doing that remain in prayer
oh we will I can't explain how much you
guys do mean to me I love you and care
about you both I feel a connection with
you guys I will always support you and
be your number one fan take care of
yourself okay from Amy whoa Amy that was
a very sweet letter
can you not see we have to deal with
thank you so much for your support and
I'm glad we make it happy big letter
that's full of dog food
what does it send their act as act test
whether that means is this from America
hey that ain't dog food plop that's dog
food plop and what Jewish what Jewish
come pepper pepper Kaka pie guy heater
Justin Odom in comes heater Andy hi oh
and then he put the English translation
oh that's so cool here is a Swedish coin
for the build
Andy foundation also one dollar I found
in my pocket from my last visit in Miami
here's the backside page - hi guys it's
me again shoulder oak from Sweden do you
remember me I send you same Swedish
candy last summer this time I send you
another plop with pear and cactus flavor
and the big bag is filled with foam
Santis with a gingerbread flavor
don't judge Sweden it may be sound weird
but they're good I love your phrase
vlogs and snapchat vlogs I also follow
you on Instagram I think we should try
these snacks now what do you say yeah I
think so too but I don't think did he
ever he didn't say like what his name
was
yeah well I'm sorry we'll just call you
Swedish oh no it's green oh yeah well
you ain't gosh there's like new flavors
every 10 seconds they keep like hitting
me that's some weird candy the plot I
like try it though cuz we don't have
that here moving on
trying the super huh oh oh it's
like a marshmallow right yeah I don't
really know what this is it has the
consistency of a packing peanut mix with
like a weird Gingerbread flavor I know
it's so fun give me packing peanuts
maybe this is your go to the moment
you've all been waiting for the big box
just wanna point out whoever sent this
it costs them 18 dollars to send my gosh
now scissor me up captain here I have a
pocket knife that has my name on it oh
you little cut away from the body
oh let's read the letter real fast okay
we always have to read the ladder real
fast
hello nuggets my name is Gavin and I'm
from Norwalk Ohio I've been watching
your videos for almost a year now they
make me so happy of myself I thought it
was time to send you boys some cool
snacks and such yes okay so the cool
snacks are in the brown paper bag labor
of cool snacks apparently they're in
here okay though how stay hat is for
Andy I couldn't find any other half for
Justin so you can have the rad walmart
hat yes yes the Ohio State soap is for
Andy and the leftover fireworks from the
fourth of July for me he said you if we
go to Ohio he'd take us out to a
restaurant okay we're coming we can
visit my grandma to know why I love free
food do you want to visit my grandma
yeah okay say awesome Toya okay let's
just get right into this
okay call will put cool snacks to the
side here's for Andrew whoa that's a
nice mat traps thanks dude dude try this
on real fast okay I got it
you got to see this man oh yeah my
styling or what yeah google it
dude rock on and now now employee how
can I help you I don't wear this it's
like when we're pranking her yeah you
should all right sharing is caring
Wow peanut butter bite snacks from
Welch's I've never heard of those Wow we
will be trying these let's put these off
to the side all right some Nick nickel
nips nickel nips nickel nip mini drinks
vitam drink him and shul actually always
seen these had never got around to
trying them huh so lady sent them we
will be trying them Starbucks minis
Starbucks
ah the dark burst maybe people try to
eat as well oh geez Andrew give it to me
now let's see what's inside if that's
the slopes he was talking about Ohio
State salt and some glow bass gloves
yeah way they go on and off yeah oh
that's cool dude all right now my box
what is in here okay Oh what you got
apparently I got a Lowe's you can't be
an employee at Lowe's and Walmart like
an Employee of the Year okay and a
policeman tool and and
apparently I was epic and the firework
yeah so we should go blast it off yeah
we will all right and a ball oh this is
same fast I school doing so you can do
this give spirit wait one thing I just
learned spirit likes attacking this
spirit still play goes oh darn it
spirit you broke it Oh way to go you big
doofus this isn't all folks I thought
maybe you guys could sign this shirt
maybe write some straw off draw some
pictures like giraffes it would be way
cooler and memorable than a letter back
you guys can keep the markers true if
you want so he sent us some markers oh
and a big shirt and an envelope to send
it back I get it
that's what you did totally gonna do
that what is some cool snacks you got I
don't know what you put in here is that
Buffalo Bob's beef jerky alligator and
beef jerky this one's kangaroo with B
are they actually kangaroo oh it is
ingredients North American alligator
meat what there's some ingredients king
darou
hate it Kate we look for oh dude there's
a cricket in here what is it it's a
cricket sucker you Oh worm snacks oh
yeah there's a scorpion and this one
yeah did why do people who can make this
that's disturbing
Tabasco spicy chocolate I could be good
though my lord dude I don't know if I
can eat these yeah I don't know I don't
want to eat a freaking worm that's how
they have like good proteins yeah sure I
feel bad at eating a kangaroo why No
should we try it
yeah all right we're gonna try the
alligator I never thought I'd be doing
this good yeah it tastes just like beef
jerky mmm
like any other beef jerky all right now
Andrews opening the kangaroo then see
send is this is the only reason why
we're trying this is because you sent
this it tastes different I doubt he'll
get it better but is actually we're
gonna try the spicy chocolate now it's a
0% spicy I mean I taste hints of spice
but it's not that spicy what flavor do
you want bro they have so many colors
here great I want to do no I don't ones
mmm do you eat the whole thing I don't
know like plastic I really like beet
juice the juice is good but I don't know
who would eat the plastic like I learned
how gyro flavor maybe that's why they
had the juice PB&J snip really I'm
hungry
these are the strangers in the balls
they're weird who thought of this idea
it's just not taste like your average
PBJ snack no sandwich I mean but I feel
that you can like taste like hints of
bread no strawberries what starbursts
try one real quick okay Hank
that orange tastes like a tic-tac
I don't know if I can travel larva sorry
yeah nothing for a different video we
have to like these off oh let's go I
don't know we're in the backyard now
lots of snow I'm gonna light off the
sunflower
I have a bad feeling about this just
light it well that concludes this
episode right yeah fan mail but thank
you guys serious yeah we love when you
guys send stuff it's just fun to open up
those snacks were good all the nice
comments
it was awesome fun time we'll do this
again soon so if you want to send us
something go right in yeah go ahead and
we'll see you next year oh yeah I want
to say next week I'm going on a family
vacation in Mexico so cool that'll be
some fun vlogs for you guys I don't know
how fast upload speed will be there so
either be upload while we're there or
when we get back whatever but that's the
plan I'll be here see ya later
