hey guys so if you didn't know January's
Fitness month and our close friends
Billy Blanks jr. and Sharon Katherine
blanks got their start on The Ellen Show
back in 2007 so they want to get back on
the show to thank her and show them the
new fitness program dance out obviously
we want to get on the show as well so
they recruited us to go out and try and
find Ellen giant Ellen it hope you guys
enjoy the break you just have something
you're a Herrick I just brush it off
real quick gotta hit that but as Ellen
was sitting in your hair Oh what thank
you yeah than what you're walking out
she was just up there just like hey now
in my in your hair thank you you got
something right here I just yeah it's
just right here brush it off right
this made my day are you serious like
honestly like Elam is in your hair Helen
on my hair I know about her well you
well
whoa is it is the ellen degeneres oh oh
we get this oh my god you have like a
little thing on your hair you want me to
brush it off you or get it oh my god
I was just sitting on your hair Ellen
DeGeneres you just have something her
hair hedges brush it off real quick it's
like early yeah for real it's right here
oh this wasn't her hair huh
didn't know if you knew that or on it no
he didn't tell her no oh that's right
I'm not a good friend of yeah you have
something on your hair let me get that
for you it's like this little thing oh
my gosh Ellen DeGeneres Oh May why is
this in your hair is it yours
nothing you have something your hair
because you brush it off it's right up
here
yeah
I don't know you tell me why do you have
Allen in your hair no one ever did
why cuz it's a melon melon I haven't no
need for melon you partner wall and
she's like tell you jokes or something
you have some of your hair I just kind
of brush it off yes right here yeah you
had Ellen up there I'm gonna brush it
all thanks for getting it off yeah it's
kind of strange but anyway I guess
that's that
sorry buddy yes having her hair I just
brush it off for you that's right oh my
gosh yeah you have something in your
hair just brush it off it's like right
up here oh gosh thank you yeah I was
just sitting up there well this is Ellen
DeGeneres yeah yeah I think she was just
kind of like looking out you know making
sure I'm getting back right yep just
your I'll just put it off okay yeah
that's fine I don't know where that came
from
yep yeah something like on top of your
hair now it's right here
oh look at ya who's that long yeah well
that is a salad why do you have a Ellen
in your hair it was like she she even I
don't know why you're helping her one
direction
oMG Pete No
