good evening guys you're probably
wondering why it's nighttime right now
well because I didn't really vlog much
today because we uploaded two videos so
I was inside editing all day basically
and today is actually New Year's Eve so
right now we're heading over to
Britney's parents house for a New Year's
Eve party of our own so I thought I'd
just start the vlog off right now and
take you guys along with what we're
gonna be doing just gonna hang play some
games eat some food and just relax I
guess so let's go guess where I'm at
waiting to get a pizza
hot and ready the nice pepperoni pizza
just for me here we are
yeah it's recording
yes know what we made it
these are snacks about way not close hey
yeah yeah oh look at the Christmas
lights face festive there's my dog guys
okay so just let me applaud all okay we
have what that does not look like our
cannoli on here but it's welcome only
and some spell skies and some capo guys
sort min of chips and some apples here
if you feelin really healthy we have a
pumice as well some hummus pista and of
course we have some drinking drinks and
got some meatballs
check out those meatballs those are some
that meatball daddy
and Justins just eaten my gosh there's
so much food I don't know what to do
with myself
like I'm gonna bowl up excuse me Kraven
here
Dottie's here you are holy stylus
becomes to party style and breath oh my
god
Terry you know their names
stop playing we better step up your game
come on he wants to steal the food yeah
Chinese hole waiting for the clock to
strike 12 we're playing games
let's place this dictionary game I'm not
gonna explain it but it's fun right guys
all right guys
four minutes remain are you guys ready
Brandon are you ready how ready are you
okay
as you can see this party
Jessie Stewart wake up 2015 you get any
sleep last night
good morning everybody I just woke up
and it's January 1st 2015
whoa I was gonna vlog last night because
Mary and I went to a New Year's Eve
party but we were in such a hurry to
leave that I forgot the camera on my
desk right here
so that's annoying but anyways happy new
year this is the first time I've turned
on the camera in 2015 woah
so anyways this morning supposed to do a
5k run with Mary I don't know why she
wanted to do it January 1st
tamam had but anyway the race was at
9:30 and I didn't wake up until nine
forties so sorry Mary and she just
texted me - they're the only people who
get to read our text messages good
morning morning get up wake up I'm up
you missed it whoa
Oh viral break
holy crap we've hit a heatwave it's
almost 20 degrees whoa I don't even need
a jacket out here my short sleeves on
and guess what it's actually snowing
again
can't really tell because it's just
lightly snowing but it's snowing like
always it was cool for Christmas is
Santa about my mom a new refrigerator
yes yes and Santa's little elves aka
Lowe's is gonna come install it very
soon but it's pretty cool oh but it's a
double doors yeah and it's got your
water right here that's cool and it's
got the freezer down here so nice and
yesterday dad Erin and I had to move the
old fridge out of the kitchen and in the
garage and here it is as you can see a
big improvement
he said junk my parents said they bought
this fridge in 1989 so you can say it's
about time for an upgrade so here's the
hole where the fridge goes it needs to
come soon okay now it's really snowing
out here cool
anyways Lowe's called and said they're
not coming to install the fridge until
like 5:00 p.m. so rough no refrigerator
I'm supposed to do for food around here
so I guess I'll be for a different vlog
but hope you guys have a happy new year
it's snowing
