if you had to explain YouTube to someone
who would never hurt a bit of seen it
what would you say I find to explain
YouTube to someone who never heard of it
it would be YouTube is a platform a
website where artists can just you know
express themselves make any video that
you want you can upload your favorite
videos for the whole wide world to see
this is Justin and Andrew stars of the
YouTube channel j stu studios they're
just one example of people making
careers out of youtube the duo have
become popular on the social media site
from the nearly two hundred videos they
have on their channel consisting of
pranks and skits to keep the over half a
million subscribers they have laughing
though they're only a small part of this
huge network of youtubers they are no
less important than the most popular on
the site that is why we decided to
follow them on this day and see what
it's like to have the life of a youtuber
working together for basically over
three years on YouTube on YouTube yeah
but outside of videos we've been outside
of YouTube like we've been making videos
like yeah for a while and it's awesome
I've seen them you know from from
actually not even j stu studios I've
seen them I don't even remember the
names but they have done everything from
like work like brothers skits like
acting like little brothers and then
like what was it swag crew
that was really fun and that was my
favorite so how did you meet Justin well
Justin moved in next door to me and we
were neighbors and probably like sixth
grade I'd say and we just became friends
and we both of us loved making videos so
that was the thing that kind of brought
us together I guess
did you enjoy you enjoy working with it
yes yeah I feel like Andrew and I are
the perfect combination of partners for
this channel it's like we definitely we
feed off each other he might come up
with an idea and I go I leave every day
like this and I go yeah yeah or I might
come up with like a basic idea starting
point or something like that and well
you know we'll work together to come out
with a good break onion the real start
of Jesus to studio success came from the
video called falling is the new coning
the video became viral and the channel
found the right formula they needed to
shape the success that they now have
falling is the new Kony is your most
successful video with over 2.5 million
views how did that feel getting up that
high oh I felt amazing like we had a ton
of prank videos that we put up before
that video and they never I could even
getting like a couple thousand views was
like something for us we only had two
videos they have over a million views
just same time it goes over a million
psych accomplishment like the best
feeling in the world knowing like are
all these news sites are talking about
our video and it was awesome
how did you come up with that idea in
the first place well I'm always thinking
of really goofy stuff in my brain and
one time in class I was just imagining
the teacher like riding on the board and
randomly just slipping out of nowhere
for no reason and I thought that was
funny in my mind and so I was I don't
know I always think funny I always think
falling has been funny and so I thought
if we went out and fell by people on
purpose but they didn't know that it
generates some really funny of you
actions
Oh
it's because anybody who sees somebody
fall is just it's funny you don't want
to laugh but it is pretty funny so is
there a favorite one that you you made
my favorite one Wow
yeah the squeaky shoes is definitely
probably my favorite the whole idea is
hilarious oh you are please tell me this
is a right class no it's not no no is
like for Spanish you know this is room
305 I thought oh thanks
goodbye
just walk around these squeaky shoes I
wish they made the cuz they had the kid
once that's why I just got the idea from
this kid walk around these squeaky shoes
their tummies to step in squeak but I
don't think they make those for adults
here to make our own version Philip I'm
going good for rolling wait y'all ready
ready yeah we're rolling man
what's the idea for today's prank well
we have to shoot a video for the network
we are part of awesomenesstv losses
through your success you have been
appearing on the television series
awesomenesstv which is also YouTube's a
channel can you talk about that involve
how they came to be in yeah so currently
we are part of the network called
awesomeness TV and they asked us to join
the network about two years ago it's
almost two years ago and so we joined
them awesomenesstv got a show on
Nickelodeon which the show is about all
of their sketches and skits in compiled
into like a 30 minute episode and so
they had asked us to make they had asked
us to make pranks for their channel and
then they would use those pranks for the
show and they came to us and are like
hey can we use these pranks for
Nickelodeon and we were like yes pretty
cool opportunity so that's basically I
came about and the idea we had was yeah
yeah a shirt right here but the idea
that we have is sneezing silly string
Wow
just season to be sneezing firms
bacteria and then when you add in what's
the word yes a big object flying at them
and this means yeah you're bound to get
some good automatically think it's not
yes yeah that's what you want but man
once they realize it's like a giant
string then they put two two together
sometimes people don't but yeah this
idea so we've done it before got a bunch
of good ideas and so we plan on going to
a college campus and doing that because
college kids are the best people to
prank Goonies let's head out then first
things first
your yeah yeah we you go to store by
sister cool cool
nabil welcome this guy's taking us on
many prank adventures done just good
company was you reckon hundreds hundreds
of 9000 over 9000 so we have his car in
my car that we both go so I helped you
know we can guys do pranks well I'd say
definitely go out a couple times cuz we
help out every Wednesday so yeah it just
depends on like what go right after it
just depends on like what the prank is
and if we get enough footage for that
drink we don't then we end up having to
go back out again and get more clips but
if you get enough clips and we have the
next idea yeah next idea to shoot more
we're bank and we have a vlog channel
where we upload every day on so if we're
not filming Frank's we're filming
something for that channel I'm just
filming our lives which I should
probably do
oh boy hey guys I was gone um today as
you can see were accompanied by some
other folks here my friend Josh and his
friend Stevie Ryan
our walk channel is basically us filming
our lives every day you should don't
upload every day but now ours we try not
what every day but sometimes it doesn't
happen but yeah fans get a different
perspective of our lives rather than
just through pranks they get to see like
what we do
the whole day from showing us eating
food to traveling to the prank location
so I think it's a pretty cool experience
so it's like the behind the scenes yeah
Andrews going first today so um he's
gonna wake up wake up
my cup basically why we're wearing
jackets is we use the seal string you
put it in your sleeve a little bit so
they can't see it when you're walking by
them or if the person standing right
there you just sneeze and you can easily
hide it and then they think it's from
your nose but then they're confused how
long is this a big crowd going to be
outside I don't even know probably all
day maybe one of the best reactions
you've ever had to a prank oh that was
we've had some really good reactions in
our pulling things from people's hair
series and like we've pulled some really
giant fruit from people's hair and they
actually think that it's actually coming
from their hair I pulled some rhubarb
out of his hair I think you have
something in your hair what let me grab
it for you what is it I got it
no I got
that was in your hair are you kidding me
that's right they'll I had to get it oh
well thank you yeah sorry about that
walking around along with it
or by vegetable
and he literally thought there was
rhubarb stuck in his hair and he was so
confused and I was just dying on the
inside because I thought this prank
wasn't gonna work but he legitly thought
like he was wondering like how did this
boob aren't getting my hair so I just
I'd say that first clip done I don't
know if it's good or not but I'd be
usually like total at the end of day we
have like tons of clips but we only use
like a select few clips for the videos
like yours look
that shoot
thank you
mmm
are you guys asking permission to put
them down there okay I usually runs back
so one of the parts of the communities
you go to youtube conveyed condom video
convention I was saving that for later
basically it's just like a giant YouTube
convention where all the youtubers go
and fans go they can meet their favorite
youtubers vidcon's like the one time of
the year where they all come together
and everybody can just hang out and just
get to know each other more and just
kind of bond and there's also panels
where people who want to make You Tube
channels can go and learn about like
tips just anything really you want to
learn VidCon is the place to go because
that's what it was Jesus is part of many
bands in Jesus who just was part of the
panel last year not this previous become
blown before we were on awesomeness TV
we don't wear their t-shirt today
I was pretty fun yeah there's a lot of
people on it we were just talking I
didn't know what the point that panel
was be honest the success that Justin
and Andrew have had due to their
pranking has not gone over their heads
the pair of taken what they do best
pranking the unsuspecting and turned it
into charity oh man there was one print
that they did and I mean cry it was the
giving back one I believe but they just
went around and I think oh and there was
one okay there's a lot but there was one
where they were giving out stickers to
just like and telling I believe it it's
like elderly babies that they were
beautiful and that was awesome man I
don't know if you've been told this
recently but you are a knockout
thank you yep what brings you to do that
I'm just trying to be nice
well you're very nice thank you you're
welcome I don't know lady
this is just because people are old
doesn't mean they can't be told that
yes exactly people need to be told that
more here's a sticker for you - it just
says Wow and then just giving like I
remember one theme where's Justin put
like flowers on someone's car and like
she just smile it was just awesome
it's awesome just like to see that kind
of like different do you of jaysis
studios between two serious so Jeff yeah
juice issues isn't just Frank stirrings
also yeah yeah
but is YouTube it for Justin and Andrew
will this be all the pair does or do
they have bigger plans you know I don't
know what the future holds but my dream
is to be in a television show or a movie
but I would love to continue doing
YouTube but that's the ultimate goal for
me so I'd say if I could do both that
would be pretty amazing yeah I'd like to
make way into the TV film kind of
Department but yeah I'm just doing any
any type of entertainment is that like
behind camera on camera all sorts of
stuff just exciting
