good evening guys it's a new day over
here and we're super excited because
grandma's cooking lunch for the whole
family my grandma lives in the same
complex as us oh if I told you guys that
before so it's just literally walk down
the street and we can have food with her
grandma's ready for Christmas you're
ready for Christmas Rann colorful socks
today cuz I missed out on the memo just
wearing plain old white socks every time
grandma cooks that's the best is that
Dad
so we got an appetizer here guac and
chips strawberry lemonade dang it what I
hate this thing there's an old phone oh
look who showed up the parents
Hey Oh Hannah came to you drove
separately oh my gosh
you're growing up so fast Gus metallic
what is this there's this snicker
snicker apple salad hot wings
and potatoes au gratin not so fast
there's so much food there's always room
for desert Vera makes this stuff very
delicious ice cream time this cappuccino
ship right now we're at Kohl's because
somebody very nice sent us a Kohl's gift
card in the mail
who was it grandma
thanks grandma so we're gonna see if we
can find any sweet deals here so I found
a shirt here just a chill shirt in the
clearance section for six bucks I'll
take it
now we're just gonna find something for
Britt okay yeah we're all about that
clearance section the guys clearing
sections like basically all gone people
are doing some like last-minute shopping
I guess there's a lot of people here
right now
we actually decided that Kohl's didn't
have anything we wanted so we just came
back home to have some lunch
it's obscene which is looks pretty good
when in doubt come home and eat but
later we're going to go on a date so
that'll be fine and we're gonna go to
the gym soon yeah oh I didn't tell you
guys yet but Brittany actually just quit
her job so I'm super private because
she's gonna be able to pursue her dreams
now cuz she used to be in a why don't
you just tell him about what he used to
do so I worked in an ob/gyn and for
those of you who don't know what that is
don't look it up it's a it's basically
just a girl doctor so I was the
receptionist at an ob/gyn I mean it was
an awesome place and like I had I made
family there and they were just amazing
it was just I don't know for if you're
like me and you're very right brained
like extremely right brained and very
creative the medical field is not for
you and so I wasn't trying to go into
the medical field or anything I was just
um where God wanted me to be at that
time so and it was such a blessing
because it paid for so much of my school
and and the wedding and everything you
guys are gonna see a lot of me in like
upcoming January and you guys are gonna
see like why I'm gonna be doing it's so
exciting yeah so congratulations Brit
we'll go ahead into the gym now but we
got a drop-off Redbox it sucks that red
box increased their prices by two blocks
so pretty student that real quick hurry
Brett hurry
hey Larry Larry run Frodo
thank you kindly I hear as beautiful
today as you can tell but we're starting
off the workout with a light jog in a
beautiful view
dad I'm going so fast right now yes now
they're done a quick jog there's this
machine at our gym that's crazy awesome
check it out
it's called Jacob's Ladder and basically
it's just this thing you climb it's like
super tiring and I don't know I wish
they had this had more gyms because it's
so effective
let's see Britney go first
all doughnuts workout now it's time to
shower and get ready well time to go I
guess now that we are all finished at
the gym ready for a nice date night cool
thing about the gym here is like they
have showers and mouthwash and hairspray
and like everything so you can just
right when you're done working out if
we're gonna go somewhere yeah rather
than working out you can get ready and I
know that's why I like coming to this
gym feel refreshed so for dinner we're
going here to a very delicious place
BJ's that's a weird name but it's super
good restaurant brew house they got tons
of pizzas just check out
so our appetizer just came out we're
trying these Thai shrimp lettuce wraps
pretty good
the shrimp lettuce wrap good but king
we got the Santa Fe salad she got the
salmon fish salad as well except with
salmon I got a chicken you excited okay
I think I win the clean plate award of
the year I finished like way before way
more we have moved our date to the
Broadmoor here in Colorado and this is
such a pretty area you should check out
this tree remember me and Britt took
pictures here like those a years ago
like community two or three years ago
mm-hmm
the Broadmoor is a really good place for
me and breakfast we have some good
memories here had some dates here it's
just a good place to come you
blindfolded me
and it was a surprise to come here and
we got drinks it's so much fun that we
know so many Christmas lights
so taking years to get these up check
out all the old bottles they have here
it's crazy
let's see the years on some of these
1820 1916 dogs my favorite whoa
that is crazy well where they got all
these but they should got the
collections we're here in the main lobby
which is this is literally all food food
follow that thing we're coming here to
syndra the lights and food balls so this
is literally the biggest gingerbread
house I have ever seen
like this is all bread right
thank you so much kami I like I wonder
what this is made of the treat the
mailbox they even have an inside where
you can chill you can actually live here
let me come here in this other lobby
just crazy here it's good my favorite
hallway okay
this this is my favorite hallway
it's really pretty this is pretty I love
these floors
I feel like we're not in Colorado here
you know I feel like we're in a
different state like that's why I love
coming here I just like feel like we're
in like London again our outside and
there's a giant lake here just very
pretty when it's summer you can use your
I'd like boats around out here so cool
dad can we have this place that's good
by the guys this is the biggest
Christmas tree ever oh my goodness me
and Brittany are thinking about buying a
house and putting this in it oh do you
say we found it awesome game to play
you take a bit of them we're gonna play
some Checkers by this beautiful tree
back from the fantastic date and it
couldn't be a complete date without some
ice cream we got some cappuccino chip
ice cream grandma gave this to us for
free
for three thanks grandma now it's time
for Netflix so we're gonna chill out and
just have a great night so hope you guys
are having a great night as well and
Christmas is soon are you serious no way
that means Santa's coming are you
excited I'm more excited I'm gonna catch
Santa this year he always ends up
putting presents under the tree without
me now this thing I don't know how he
does that but I'm staying by the tree
every night until he catched that chubby
freak he is not gonna be able to come
down our chimney because we have a
fireplace that's concealed by the wall
so sorry buster see how you did it this
time anyways I'm losing my mind so I'm
gonna go now we're gonna watch some
Christmas movies now well thanks for
watching today hope you had a great time
we appreciate every single person who
comes back every day to watch our vlogs
it means so much and when the new year
comes around we have some awesome things
planned so just thanks for sticking
around and we'll see you tomorrow good
bye
