there's so much cool comes time to get
into our onesies she getting on top of
her
Oh guys we're back with another 24-hour
four videos keep down though guess what
today's fort is sponsored by Disney
magical dice the new app it's out now
link in the description we're gonna be
playing it later
but let's get straight into building
tonight's fort
yes two hours let's go also guys look
who's joining us for the floor we got no
it's not just me dangers we got extra
help to build this for so yeah we've
done some exploring already right angel
yeah weird a little bit so we have a
couple sections of we're going to kind
of further expand our horizons yeah yes
we're gonna find what we want to use for
bedding as well so just keep your eyes
peeled is what dog beds are really good
oh yeah
this may be our house for a little while
because we've had some practice with 25
videos and restocking has a bit of an
issue for paper sections
yeah so we're trying to think what
section are they probably not gonna
restock and strollers it's completely
full so they don't even have any place
to put it it's dark under here too for
sleeping comfort it goes it goes way
back there part of the issue is we got
to move these boxes somewhere else the
extras that's the only one in for Jimbo
yes
all right got these three sections clear
working on this one now I'm moving it
back there I just took a quick peek in
my goodness it looks fresh there's so
much dude I hope they don't stock over
here at all I'll sleep so well get back
the building right oh crap then pull you
just walk by oh crap come on guys you
forgot the cards yeah we doesn't need a
cart we're getting the supplies from the
floor it and make it comfy and let's see
what time it is as well because I think
they're gonna be restocking soon folks
in searching for a while
it's 9:30 already yes go cuz that's what
the toilet paper section is we went over
there they've got a big pile of paper
they got approval yeah so we can kind of
like we know what they're gonna restock
but obviously it's a little risky this
cart is very bad hold it up okay oh
let's go check his dog beds oh sorry
yeah this might be the best bed we've
ever made yeah guess so many dogs that's
even bigger one below this is like the
main sitting area oh it's coming in
I'm going okay hurry
it's so big in here we got put the
carpets down first because the pillows
are for comfort how many pillows did we
get do you think we have too many
pillows just extra comfort but what I
think we definitely overestimate what
what's happening oh I'm moving these
rugs like right here cuz this is not
competing I thought maybe having too
many pills was a terrible idea
but this is actually incredible whole
ground is comfy mode
it's insane guys what it's so comfy in
here yeah it's I took my shoes off so we
got a squeegee your way in here is so
comfy geez let's push this you're
pushing the push this back in what do
you think you just got to be careful
about knocking these dang bars is
impossible maybe you should lean up
against this wall don't worry we brought
this bike
I can get a complete view of like
outside so if anyone walks by a big I
see you looking to find some food that's
open cuz it's about 10 p.m. they found a
few places so we're gonna try and get
the food bring it in here and get
playing some Disney magical dice I have
been playing it lately and it's actually
really fun
they have a 2v2 mode so I'm thinking me
and Andrew can do some gameplay or we're
on the same team
it's actually really thinking guys so
did we find it figure out what we're
gonna eat folks no I thought we did has
a call what's in store for the rest of
the night Andrew we're gonna buy some
onesies and we're gonna wear them and
then like the other 24 hour for we're
gonna buy like a toothbrush we gotta
brush our teeth
we're gonna give him some snacks maybe
you do somebody hide-and-seek or
something I don't know before in the
store okay we're getting out let me know
if it's clear okay I'm going
hurry guys so food me Oh chicken fingers
in a fork we're gonna support fingers
way too much Sun yes this isn't
suspicious guys who's ready for sinking
fingers this is insane
did everyone out there probably they can
smell the chicken that's way too much
second time that guy's gonna what's
going on also it'd be funny if Nick was
the only one in here with all these
chicken tenders just by himself in a
person no it could be any of us but I
just thought it'd be funny in place
employees right there there's like three
of them wonder what they're doing
oh she's refolding baby clothes we were
full and refreshed
and now guys it's one see time see ones
is over there and I think there's one of
these over here oh look at all of these
so it's gonna be perfect gaming attire
the least I'm good
oh they got the Grinch why are we
getting matching Grinch of onesies is
gonna be so weird beverages for late
night drinks oh you already know what
we're getting don't even question it BAM
bang oh yes oh
the refrigerator for this it'd be so fun
always or somebody back there but
anyways can we make a four bag here
please okay a quick stop at the streams
and we'll be ready to go
you're gonna brush our teeth for bed
guys we got the toothpaste all come on
please yes guys they're stocking the
shelves oh we just had the craziest
adventure getting back in here so after
we brushed our teeth put the camera down
in between me and Andrew and both of us
didn't pick it up so he left almost got
back here and Andrews like what'd you
say I said where's the camera
I was like either you hadn't and I know
so we just went on a long detour and we
got a type of camera obviously but whoa
the employees took it so then we haven't
talked with management to get the camera
back but they don't know we're still
here and said her first customer walked
by a midnight
yeah yeah it's 1157 in there shopping
for strollers or something alright it's
time to get into our onesies I'm ready
let's - let's do it
I don't know how we're gonna do this
because I can't change in the bathroom
and walk out of the bathroom
we're in matching onesies it's a little
suspicious looks like idiots the
challenges for today's vlog before is us
we have to run around the store
who's there do you like that show age
yeah that's a good challenge to watch I
mean
so a jurors been getting into this
costume I'm not sure what's happening
though and your are you okay good give
us a tour here okay it's very hot
hey put your hood on Nick keeps hitting
his head on the ceiling
at least five times put on a suit I'm
ready
here's a wide shot of this of the squad
I've expanded a little bit I was able to
push this box that way some it is 1252
Wow almost 1:00 a.m. we had one customer
that's it keep it up guys maybe we can
sleep yeah he was like basically wearing
a blanket little small on yeah but no
joking
who's that over to reach in grab guys
we're gonna play one Disney magical dice
now who's ready me you ready to v2q
creating a clubhouse so I'm selecting a
logo basically adds like a clan so any
of you guys can join and you can create
your own as well create your own logo
okay guys here is Disney magical dice
we're gonna play some for y'all
yep are on my account now as you can see
I am a level seven what love are you
Andrew I'm level 500 six though so we
want to show you around what it looks
like I want to show you all the
characters first check it out these are
all the ones I belong so far but there's
all these this dang there's so many
characters in this game looks like 42 if
we're being honest yep
so so lots of collecting you can do I'm
desperate for buz and Sully oh those are
good guys I really want Mike Mike
Wazowski
these are the landmarks you can get in
the game and once you get them once you
unlock a landmark piece you add it to
your collection then once you get a full
collection look you get 50 diamonds so
I'm almost there making friends that's
pretty cool yeah you want to do a 2v2
let's do a 2v2 that's another fun thing
about this game you can play with your
friends your family and whoa here are
the different levels constantly tons of
new different levels speaking of new
levels what's that
Zootopia guys it's that my favorite one
so far so they just some they just
released this Zootopia map in Zootopia
characters so you know they're staying
on top of it which is fun yeah I locked
Nick Wilde the Fox I'm not in a
clubhouse I forgot to join yeah
I created the Grinch fam so if you guys
want to join
ken oh what a level seven Aladin now
level 6 mike wazowski this is not we're
gonna get destroyed you can see each
board is very different since it's the
Zootopia board you have different like
little things like these training Judy
if you train Judy up you win basically
but you can also win by you know buying
properties and then they have to land on
them yeah cuz the point is to bankrupt
your opponents which we are going to do
now did you get a good rule yes I'm on a
streak guys you're doing another one you
should probably keep it down though
don't forget we're too excited for Anna
fort here comes Judy see once we if we
rank up Judy
Weavile win but they will win - so you
gotta be careful okay we have to
surround the board a third property so
we can make them go bankrupt yes
judy judy juice we can get color if you
land on the same colors color combo see
rents lake yes how much is right now six
what dude yes judy judy roll a four to
make judy graduate are you serious for
500 so close please when you were all
please yes dude how much rent is that
for me much food yes Rohit or higher to
please really graduate don't mess up
yes it's impossible to make or not
graduate and that's the way the cookie
crumbles
Zootopia win mm-hmm
Jess Times read in it the record that's
nice he's trying to beat my record guys
forty seven thousand nine hundred and
thirty five I'm level eight now and look
you can see these chests usually they
have like rare characters or this one
probably has let's
one for you yes I rent up to level six
by the way Judy Hopps material
all-purpose yield and gold so much fun
Joyner clubhouse if you want guys this
game is seriously fun and we think
you'll love it so yeah so links in the
description you can go grab it now let's
get back to the fort
can you guys hear that
well don't tell me is the cleaning lady
he's gonna come down this aisle
he's buried where is he
it's 140 are you playing Disney magical
dice yes I'm making my character I just
unlocked Captain Jack Sparrow how would
my heard as we could maybe try to see if
this is sleeping I can try yeah I guess
I can try can't
I'll get seen goodnight you green freaks
like 2:00 in the morning it's not bad
I'm pretty comfy okay music playing by
Ke$ha
I have a place for my glasses
somebody's right there who's here it's
about 4:30 in the morning and we all
have to go the bathroom was so bad so
here's the challenge I'm gonna go out
there and try and find the bathroom
without getting seen and report back to
base because there's obviously the
bathroom at the front of the store but
at some stores they have a bathroom in
the back of the store but we don't know
if this one does yeah so someone has to
go check I'm by the entrance
restrooms okay I found the restrooms
report back to the fellows who have
found the bathroom
no I was just report I was reporting
back that I found the bathroom and used
it without being spotted
there's some plea and aisle
you found the bathroom okay I'll take a
little trip okay I gotta get over there
somehow
- Andrew made it back safely I wasn't it
was intense was that lady at the end of
the aisle
yeah me Nick gotta go
yes two-player co-op mode
Oh next aisle safety zone we can't be
spotted
no help the fellas are okay she give
seemed yes what
the boxes we
she's over there says our entrance in
high school
it's blocked
box over there so we can't really get
out of here right now
oh no but we got all the rugs like back
in Mordor or so that I was tunnel re did
you get the chicken Jim good I'm not
leaving this house without my chicken
it's about 6:00 a.m. and soon the fort
is not gonna be able to withstand enemy
attacks there's no one in the Isles
now would be a good time what you did it
got everything put bad guys we didn't
get caught we escaped just in time yes
we got zero sleep it's vicious makes
hundred again there's 40 chicken wings
left well guys that was one successful
fort I'm glad we didn't get caught
so much fun 24-hour forts are always a
blast even if we don't get any sleep oh
yeah so be sure to give a like if you
enjoyed it and also shout out to you
know Disney magical dies for sponsoring
this video yeah we appreciate you
supporting us and guys go check it out
it's super fun game links in the
description I think you guys will like
it yeah I think you will honestly so
well I appreciate your support we'll see
you back here another time have fun good
bye
