Oh Merry Christmas everybody
hi guess what we got here in front of us
what are we doing today Phil well
anyways today's video is because on
Christmas you're supposed to leave Santa
a plate of cookies in a glass of milk
and we're gonna tell you basically which
ones so we've got a bunch of different
brands and types of cookies that you may
have heard of ma'am not have heard of so
we're gonna we've got some milk I'm
trying with milk and that's about it
yeah so we're gonna review the Santa's
treats what should we get started with
our first cookie here comes to us live
from lovey's delights this is a new
company and makes cookies mary's mom's
friend is actually the one who made this
so she sent us these in the mail and
we're gonna try them for you guys
give me one now I think this is like a a
walnut and oatmeal cookie oh so you only
guys smell it first you can always tell
how a cookie is by the smell and texture
does smell pretty good
crunchy this tastes very good hmm it's
got a mixture of flavors you can you can
taste the peanut butter you could taste
the old mill I got a little nutty
flavors Wow
yeah it's a good solid cookie right
there I like this cookie and if you
wanted to leave this for Santa he would
probably like it too does Santa like
soft or hard cookies though that's the
big question here that's the big
question
I don't know these knows a little bit
more hard because they were sitting in a
box for a few days
true but still very delicious
so on the Santa meter what do you give
what are they called reindeer Oh on the
Santa meter what do you give lovey's
delights I'd probably give this eight
out of ten reindeers goodness look on
the Santa meter I would give these like
if you warm these up and if they're
fresh mm-hmm definitely give these 8.3
whoa out of ten reindeers oh that's a
good rating all right so what's our next
cookie the next cookie we got here
Milano's from pepperidge farm these ones
are specifically flavored raspberry
chocolate the radical for ya
but since we are official cookie tires
for Santa we will know what's best he
trusts stuff yeah sometimes if you leave
him cookies he doesn't like next year he
won't bring you good presents
he will even leave snowman poop in your
stocking so honestly it doesn't matter
if you're good or a bathroom here what
matters is what kind of cookies you need
okay a cookie
nicely sized as you can see we got the
middle there which is raspberry and
chocolate filling yeah so are you ready
it's definitely got that raspberry
flavor in there I know Santa does like
raspberry what kind of sand read you
give it oh I'll give that a eight out of
ten reindeer I'm probably going to give
that one a seven out of ten reindeer so
it's like at first I was like Han but
then once I kept a nose I could dig this
I was kind of the opposite I was like oh
this is pretty
yeah but the more I ate and was like
next all right for next cookie we have
these special made from France they're
actually European biscuits petit el eco
liar uh-huh
petit eke liar that's good I don't know
if I'm saying right but it is 70% cocoa
now if you guys know Santa as well as we
do Santa is very into cocoa he likes hot
cocoa baking cocoa
Koko's good this was extra dark
chocolate just open it up I did want to
put out that these cookies have a design
on the chocolate so Cena does appreciate
creative cooking yes and since Santa
goes all over the world he does
appreciate cultural cookies Wow
is that for me yeah who's in the front
yeah we're trying to figure out who is
on the front it's a person well I don't
know if you can see you could kind of
see it but yeah these are creative what
do you think his name is Lou Lou okay
I'm about to eat you loose it smells
very Coco e yeah oh very strong oh
that's a good thing yes already Santa
I taste the cocoa there's a different
kind of flavor than just normal
chocolate it's a different yeah I'm
gonna have to give this six point seven
out of ten
just cuz it's different and I know I
don't know if Santa might like it yeah
I'll have to go six point five but if
you give them these cookies you might be
running the risk of getting poo presents
next year next brand of cookie slash
Christmas treats is from Rocky Mountain
shot the factory now we got four
different styles here let's take a look
so what you got first this is a white
chocolate sugar wafer white chocolate
dipped sugar wafer so we're trying this
next one that's called an M&M goo pile
it's just orange fudge with the M&Ms
shaped like a cookie dough we have
peanut butter nutty buddy
okay and a mint covered Oreo all of
these could be good options for seeing
they could be so I guess we'll try and
find out I returned the wafer first so
very sugary yes this could give Santa a
sugar rush to get to his next house I
remember a Shannon told me he doesn't
like when mrs. Claus puts a lot of sugar
in his drinks are you serious yeah he
tends to do that a lot
seven out of ten reindeers I'm giving it
a six out of ten
next item let's try this orange beam
this orange goo cookie oh yeah yeah
thank you
ready hi up it's hard to it taste any
orange one I Pau going to give this a
five out of ten reindeers
I'm gonna give that a four oh I only got
sense of boo in there Santa does not
like poo yeah I know that for sure
so yeah don't get Santa these orange
things no you will definitely get
terrible presents next year I'm moving
on we got the nutty-buddy which is gonna
be very good honest yes
see that was good if you want to make
nutty-buddy cookies for standing you
loyally like that
well why are you waiting I give that 8.5
I'll give it an 8 reindeers yay yeah
good job
all right here's a mint Oreo job go oh
you went ham why
that's really really minty doesn't you
know like mints yes ok
Santa does like the mint side of life
true even has a mint slave you serious
yeah I said mint condition conditions
yeah I see what you did there that I
give that 9.5 holy crap yeah those are
good for Santa you I'm gonna give this a
seven-point thing it's good it's just a
seven point nine it's almost a bad dude
I'm just saying see the one thing about
Santa that you might have misinterpreted
is he loves mint but he can't have mint
every house he'll blow up he'll blow up
with that with any item you give him
finally all right for our last cookie
this is called the traditional mom baked
chocolate chip cookie so most of you
might do this but
Sienna doesn't always like the home big
ones but if you can't have access to
these other special cookies he will
probably appreciate a home baked
chocolate chip coupe
so we'll taste our yeah that is your
basic chocolate chip cookie so what are
you saying so I'm saying you do theus
this is 7.50 Madson is it you ain't no
Santa why you're eating those cookies
oops I'm gonna give it to five you know
you know but like a 5 rating won't get
you bad presents with this good yeah
it's just kind of like your average
cookie Santa's had this before he's sick
of it
but he's not sick of it you know he's
sick of it but her pretty kind of he's
sick of it but he's expecting it so he's
not like literally sick of it he's just
sick of it makes sense yeah well it was
your favorite item of the day for Santa
mm probably say my favorite Santa cookie
of the day a tie between the mint and
this this oatmeal walnut cookie yeah I
say the mint was really good and
definitely love East delights very good
I just want to warm these up you can't I
can't yes let us know what your favorite
gift to give Santa is cookies in the
comments yeah because we all let's say
in an O for you yeah every can tell them
like who is planning on which cookies so
we can get a nice like order so no one's
doing the same once he gets kind of
grouchy that's
you may get bad gifts sometimes if he
keeps getting the same thing so yeah
thanks for watching and we'll see you
guys later
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
everybody
