hey guys welcome back to more J still
notice anything different if you want to
know something really annoying is when
your friend comes over and you guys are
wearing the same shirt are you trying to
say here it's just weird
but anyways we're back for another Q and
a video we haven't done one of these in
high gear and we asked you all on
Twitter to send us questions or funny
things you want to see us do so we're
gonna be reading those questions and
answering them or whatever it is you
guys I just do today it's a first
question I'm gonna read it will switch
off okay okay
Chelsea Andrew shave your head that's
not a question
no it's just okay really this part but
this is my head and I'm shaving my head
so one day it will happen guys it's Erin
that's Aaron it's there it's like as if
it's the real Aaron here dad-dad lct 8 3
1 and this person wants to know how did
you ingest a meat and we're also slap
Justin I can show you exactly where we
met right now we met right there right
snack break right
we got a cheesy bread painter do you
know your I know this is breaking news
but you're a sloth I'm not kidding
I don't know how you're gonna take this
but just take it in your ass lot I don't
wanna be a slob you hire act it's fun
it's what your favorite band
why you got so much swag well because
the cars come I'm in the middle of the
road I don't care because because I am
Santa Claus call Kevin and say you've
broken her nose and your leg hey dude I
just wanted to tell you that I broke my
nose and my leg
what was the dumbest thing you have ever
done well I remember this one time are
you an alien wait let me ask you again
are you an alien yes b-ball has life
asks how our chicken what think that you
are invisible so
I love chicken nuggets I love chicken
nuggets Ethan says yell on the phone
about random stuff no I don't care if
you have a mustache mom look vegetarians
eat fern they don't wear fur they don't
eat meat
no okay you keep bringing this up just
one sandwich please guys brains aren't
wired differently
are theirs yet so much stuff piled up
here it was falling down oh no there
wasn't
yes it was Andrew was there you know
there's not what I think that's all the
questions we got for today
right mm-hmm thank you guys so much to
everybody who submitted questions on our
Instagram and Twitter we're gonna do
this again I think what you do is more
often depending on how good this series
does we may do this again sooner than
later so leave a like and make sure you
follow us on Twitter and Instagram it's
the first link in the description we ask
questions on there and maybe next time
you'll be featured in it it's been great
having you today watching we'll see you
soon tomorrow we're going snowboarding
okay come along with us fine
all right see ya bye
