be set intro alright let's start with
the sporting goods store what is this
they shot this deer put on their truck
what if somebody shoots that while
they're driving they have a golf
simulator here I want to try no you
don't then try we just go up and do it
yeah just see how good you can do this
ok
Tiger Woods let's see if I can beat you
yep
I'm just driving the day folks how do
you know yes
160 hours was terrible acts actually
play golf so 60 feet let's look at your
like awesome stats you with hello I was
doing that on purpose to look the
average is 98 yards and I got 160
something
2:07 ah I'm ready for the PGA Tour let's
just do putt-putt right now we're
speaking my language we're gonna see who
can get the best score from here outside
choose your putter wisely or so many
weapons to choose from
it's an arsenal here I'm going with the
shot Scott this one is a beauty butters
hole in one give my third for the wind
there we go that's how it's done
need that alright three shots here he
goes oh please
I hope you missed this they have free
crops I don't know why they get such a
bad rap but I've never even tried a fair
cross whoa you gotta try this comfy it's
all get-out yeah we're thinking about
going camping this year we have a few
different options it's hard to decide
these are actual size do you think
they'll fit in this one this one has a
little shrimp it could be on sale though
I'm thinking this one's the biggest yeah
this one sounds like a 2-bit it's got a
back room as well oh I call that room if
we get it right
look at all of the caramel apple crap
free samples I try to take a try
I can't believe because of a vine
Cameron Dallas and Nashville there have
their own clothing line and arrow
possible what
take a load day and not fair no freakin
way
is this a dream come true I don't know
it's a no dude I'm too nervous I can't
go over there what do we do what do we
do help hey that's Phantom looks
different from last year he doesn't I'm
too nervous to talk to Siena he's here
too early
James Bond
dad dad I teach you boys for the gumbo
ya go youuuu
toys house fun I wish I had some friends
hi
when you hear your name I my name is sue
bug oh my god terrible take that back
right okay sorry sorry jump on you no no
look let's just work this out and be
friends
how wait we're doing I don't me do if
there's my heritage you keep freaking
betray me but I'm on your team hug no no
no no yes please no no please I don't
want to be your friend just this thing
is actually called the wazoo this it's
really funny the all-time super fun
water bazooka no wow Zuka no okay so we
just got out of the toy store and had a
blast in there we didn't film any of it
because we were too busy too busy but
yeah but a little bit in there we have
we thought of like the most brilliant
prank idea and that's all you get to see
this
it's gonna be epic can't wait to film it
and there's so many different variations
of how we could film it so we're just
excited right now we're BC now since
it's snowboarding season they got all
their gear out they got some seriously
cool boards never summer is my favorite
me to do my favorite food group I wish
these guys would sponsor us or just sick
and they're like the best for like
writing purposes and they they're
freaking based out of Colorado aren't
they in Denver yes
Denver ha guys how do we get these guys
to sponsor us
just look at this that's epic so many
boots good balance even cool the only
bad thing about snowboarding is the
price I don't I badly want to get some
of these snowboard games but those ones
are 260 bucks as you guys know we're all
about the free foods we're a chick
flaring out because they offered free
food did it so there's like they have
like a text Club and you get this text
chick-fil-a free medium chicken tortilla
soup today
yes video chick-fil-a had to put the
chip so night time now and working with
the whole game here at the gym there's
Aaron Andy Mary Nicholas Brittany and
we're all going to do some rock climbing
so that should be fun we got our shoes
on they have a tunnel walls here like
man this is gonna be awesome
Brittany's making her way up you're
doing so good Andrew already made it to
the top drop them
whoa hey Aaron hair and you went to the
top yeah all the way up to the way up
very top this one's hard though the
overhang is hard it's married you're so
close to the top oh wait you're coming
down okay put like James Bond is down
Oh Andrew didn't quite make it
we're all having races now probably not
gonna fill them off as well just be way
too much footage but we have a timer and
stopwatch you can see it and we're just
gonna climb up but it looks pretty
simple but mr. X you'd say go oh my
goodness
you got 27:44 Aaron got 30
parents lower but still an acceptable
who's next
you 22.4 for Andrews sites like Alice is
in first place he's just got such a big
reach he was halfway and reached the top
new champion right there big wise all
right back to back from the gym had a
blast got a good workout in rock
climbing friends what could go wrong
that concludes this episode of more
tasty blogs hope you had a good time and
we'll see on snapchat Instagram and
Twitter
so all the links are in below and we'll
see it tomorrow
good bye
turning
