hey guys hey guys hey got oh you don't
know what time it is
first of all does something look
different to you guys we're not holding
the camera Wow what does that mean that
means we're doing a haul
what is that we're doing a haul video
what does that even mean okay if you
guys have never seen a haul before
it's where the person doing the haul
shows off a bunch of products that they
think are cool regarding either gadgets
makeup we're not gonna make up just for
a warning but you know you get the gist
here and I've been watching a bunch of
different youtubers and I see him doing
hauls and I find them very entertaining
so I wanted to do a haul and that's why
Andrew and I are here right now
so some companies hit us up and they
wanted us to they wanted to send us some
of their products to show off so um we
just recently got these in the mail
there's two of these let's both open
these forget what does the front say
says changing the world one face at a
time now what does that mean this is a
it's a watch from the company one face I
hope I'm saying the right it's a cool
looking watch right yeah just look at
that it's really cool we never really
wear watches but this company kind of
interesting because of like the reason
behind their company every watch you buy
has a different meaning behind it's on
the back as you can see here each color
watch has a different meaning this
watches red which means AIDS and so
every watch you buy it supports eight
yeah and that it doesn't really support
AIDS
it supports to fight that Kent State
yeah yes Louise environment Grey's
hunger so if you black if you buy a
great wash they're good
that is used to purchase the watch will
go towards helping people eat
yes what are some of their colors the
black wash would be cancer
purple watches breast cancer a green
watch is water and the orange is
education that read but it says this is
not a watch so I don't know what it is
and it says right here right on the
packaging one watch is food for three
disaster victims so you're not just
buying a watch to look stylish you're
buying a watch to help out people in
need of how sort of how how do you open
this so here is a close-up of the watch
as you can see it's very stylish sleek
I've got four buttons on the side wow
this is nice what kind of material is
that I don't know it's like how do you
explain soothe silky it's like some sort
of silkworm materi you yeah here we go
does it come already powered yeah no
look well I gotta peel this off oh oh
it's a protective case and peel off and
you have the I mean you do yes no no so
here's Andrew styling the watch Wow turn
it on and that's what it looks like so
it's not something it's not a cheesy
watch not a toy it isn't so show the
features what time is it how do you do
this you're just pushing buttons really
yeah actually looky here what so that's
a look at the watches if you guys want
to check out their website we'll leave
it a link in the description they
actually have a really nice website and
it details everything like what they're
about how you help just go check it out
what do we have next
sir this brown box is actually we just
got this in the mail so let's open her
up keV you outside users three two one
okay so this is what andrew their
headphones good job thank you okay it
looks like they're called meze how do
you pronounce with Mike in pooch meze 11
deca is easy oh no no me Z headphones
let's open her up oh wow a zipper you do
this
Apple Birds
Oh what do you notice first about these
Andrew they look like little corks is
that a compliment
yes and they have their little logo
right here so we want to do a little
comparison here we got a pair of skull
candies which everybody's probably heard
of skull candies and then we got the
meze now huh
feel these I'll see already I can feel a
difference you yeah do you dare me to
listen to the music with these dare you
to try alright I'm gonna give these a
try now start talking to me
amen can you hear me or no yeah you
can't okay you're drawing and going
again Pizza wanna come do you dare me to
listen to it I feel like I'm wearing I
feel like I'm wearing beats by dr. dre
are you serious yeah I want to try nope
hey Andrew Andrew Andrew these are
really good headphones listening to the
same song we're just doing a quick
comparison these are school candies
we'll see if you can hear me if you hear
the bass as well ready huh hey Andrew
not as good it's like I don't even want
to listen my gosh
that is a way big difference definitely
me too look I didn't think you'd be able
to you're like a big difference but ah
but it's the truth yo not even lying big
difference you know check out all the
different stuff they got links in the
description as well if he needs new
headphones definitely go with that over
school candy or apple headphones
oh yeah Apple iPhones way better moving
on we have one more item to show you dun
dun da what is that okay it's a
it's a mirror huh man there's the camera
this mirror is one of the best muse I
ver seen no that means that that's good
really good but what is this this is a
Dell tablet oh you see that it's called
the Nexus 7 it's got a camera on the
back five Mesut Maivia five five
megapixels very rare I wouldn't really
recommend getting this since the Nexus 8
is out I'm sure that's better
yes sure this is the seven you're just
warming one for college and that's it if
this is cheaper than iPad get it but if
you're want to use it for a bunch of
other stuff
iPads the way to go other than that yeah
no by the way this company did not send
us this Dell they didn't send this
I just had it a blah blah blah odds it's
fun to use the battery life's pretty
good but you know what that thing is I
think that's all we got for this video
uh we hope you guys like the style let
us know in the comments and hit the like
button if you want us to do more hauls
we're thinking about doing a food haul
might be cool cuz we have some really
good foods in mind and uh we'll see you
later see you tomorrow good bye
I come with a steady flow rather fruits
of the tree down by the river just be a
couple in your spirit slow clap your
hands now
