Oh welcome back to the blog Channel guys
how you doing boy oh boy you guys you
remember these oh yeah we just got
Healy's the other day if you missed
those vlogs well go check it out I mean
vlogs singular also you guys gave us
this many likes and you asked for this
many likes so so that means part two
yeah thanks guys
glad you guys are enjoying the Healy's
as much as we are seriously these are so
much fun look how fast we can get around
the house now if we want to do chores
mop the floors just go wah wah maybe
even vacuumed anyways if you didn't see
the blog we want to actually add better
bearings into the Healy's because these
ones are there just in want to show you
what we mean later but in the meantime
Andrews show them show them how
convenient Heelys are for tours that was
a terrible example redo
oh you're cleaning so fast the faster
you get chores done the faster you can
go outside and play so it's a win-win
moms happy dad's happy okay anyway let's
go get this done Wow
we're here at the auto parts store why
is that Andrew you can get these out
without a tool right I got him out with
a screwdriver last time at the store
guys please don't worry they have one in
store fine but there's a little tool a
special tool we need the guy said auto
parts store might have it so let's go
inside to see if they got it they're
saying that you guys might have this
tool so yeah I think there's five
different sizes can you get a close-up
of the wheel okay there it is see that
guys those two little holes you put
these prongs in there to open it up and
then slide it off so let's say I get
this stuff to the skate shop and have
them do this epic mod upgrade for us I'm
put my wheel back in so we can zip
around quicker back at Chapel Hills Mall
so our favorite like skate shop is here
so let's go inside this shop is open and
look at all the pop figures oh that's
cool
I haven't seen elegant
which one the Doctor Who Ironman Oh
Ironman he looks epic oh that one's even
so cool for that one danger he's holding
Symba
so we want to test how much better these
new bearings gonna be so we gotta do a
distance test on the old shoes and the
old bearings so what we're gonna do is
here's our starting line we're gonna see
how far we go it's just one push and
then when we get the new bearings in
we'll do the same thing and see if we go
farther hopefully yes all right let's
see how far you go then all right
slowing down
all right mark it so he's like in
between this photo machine and the
massage chairs over there it's getting
the bearings but we've only written
these like a few times we just bought
one two days ago on the hearty like this
has so dirty why they get so dirty I
think we just got to go with the the
ultimate best are you gonna go yeah yep
go ceramic ceramic only way it Wow those
are made in Switzerland
125 these are rare much rare the best
rares already stopped
trying on some helmets
let's go exhale with this one EXO fits
me kind of mainly large that's something
huge head I have a small head what are
you small or medium Colorado logo dude
in the blue inside take a look yeah
bounce we're hitting the slopes so this
white double XL fist but look what it
does to ears links your smushed in like
so strange but okay you can go like push
your ears in if you feel more comfy
listen I like the white though I'm sure
use my ears if yours does you push it in
this is the protec red mode doesn't
squash ears cuz look they got a bigger
thing if this push this looks kind of
funny kind of cool cuz it's got like the
racing plaid so it makes you look like a
racecar driver yeah definitely
definitely feels better yeah it does
feel better first time with ceramics
guys okay good luck
and we got our helmets on yes let's go
left first give it a go Andrew yeah
it even sounds different oh wow that's
powerful Thanks can't probably tell but
we can definitely hear a difference yeah
we're on the sticker find yeah cuz we've
got these helmets we want to stack the
helmet with some cool stickers so you
got some signature already it was doing
through grabbed some Colorado stickers
in the store he was gonna put it right
on here man
oh yeah maybe we're thinking some arts
and crafts stores like Hobby Lobby might
have some cool stickers but let's go do
the test now they're got the new
bearings in let's go see how much
further we can ride
okay back at the line already Andrew yep
getting ready get set go
Wow he made it to the you did it we call
them michael said they have tons of
stickers so let's go see what they got
whoa fast mode where the sticker Santa
tell us now
we found the stickers oh oh look at this
eye to eye show them what we found
hello Toy Story stickers and all this
I've got all the characters yes I was
gonna get this one but I don't I just
don't want the like embossed ones where
they're sticking out well we'll be
getting some dad stickers because you
know you get first dibs and get first
dibs and whatever character you want man
buzz alien or Potato Head a buzz an
alien boy oh yeah now it is time to test
out our new bearings and Healy's at the
breyer gate skatepark are you ready
and our helmets but I actually don't
want to test elements yeah no testing
just safety they're gonna want Healy's
after we get here yeah
ready for this sweet turnaround guys Shh
yes I think I've mastered the turnaround
you just go come on yeah
what
just like on the flat part no jumper
thing oh yeah yeah bro guys you know see
something new every day
Heelys were bringing them back Wow
we forgot to film an ending yes it also
just filmed a prank with the hylia so
hey who could check that out yeah the
guys and thanks for watching leave a
like for more Hughley mods and we will
see you all back here tomorrow if you
come and watch please have a great rest
of your day and remember to laugh daily
y'all and be happy because again
