good afternoon folks as you can see it's
a very snowy day here in Colorado snow
everywhere is winter already put this
dodged so for today's prank prank day
we're going to Costco Wow we have if you
guys watch our worst prank ideas we're
trying out an idea that we did in the
worst prank ideas and all the comments
said we want to see a whole video of
this so we're trying it out are you
excited
yep I'm just excited to get out of the
snow I'm freezing the best thing about
coming to Costco is the free samples I'm
Artie okay what do you got here I got a
drink chocolate chips and yogurt we
already had some ravioli chicken chips
crackers that had cheese and red chili
sauce on it
we're getting full already that's good I
got blueberry I think we're back again
at our favorite pranking location
college I took a while to find a good
parking spot but we did it and got paid
for parking cuz we're visitors thank
goodness is only two bucks now that's
your bet a huge college though whoa I'm
really confused on what this is the
point of this
yeah in my back my back my only
what
who put this here dude
we're here at UCCS now did I mention
that a little bit college
yeah UCCS trying to find somebody to
prank so so take a look let us know if
you see anybody you want to get
well that guy's waving over there
it's very quiet in the library yeah okay
yes we're banned from all the other
libraries come here to get my reading
book you're reading the managing the
learning process test the learning
process it can be very difficult if you
don't manage
so I'm getting ready to prank it's my
turn now me nature take turns if you
guys haven't already got the memo all
right now I'm time for a new segment
called seeing but crying style so what
song are we doing tonight now that's a
hard okay we're doing a let it go let it
go crying idiot style pretty neat
all right as you guys know andrew is
always desperate for donuts hey and look
what opened up from the donut master
look what jaws opened up you guys
probably think we just eat out every
single snack meal but we don't just fill
a movie dude okay food diversity so we
just got our cabinets I want to show you
what flavors we got this guy's really
enjoying his doughnut
but uh so you ready to try your doughnut
yes all right give her a whirl oh yeah
we could get I'm waiting here strawberry
frosted guys Wow
what'd you get I've got the bavarian
cream
what's Bavarian it's just a type of
cream look like a Bavarian now try a
bite okay now you try your mysterious
flavor don't
he
bufort for pick me to the sleds
how many you got I know you have a
slight arsenal now we're in it see back
home of the wife time for dinner and
we're cooking
weenies pigs-in-a-blanket
get it cuz like hot dogs there come from
pegs and this is the dough rolls in the
pigs
those pleather so we're making a 10k see
ya
oh holy sleds slides we found the
Arsenal
only the good sleds are okay thank you
all right you're gonna give the first
test run ready yeah can't wait to see
this this is gonna be so fun this hill
is just insane I have got to try it
maybe my son will be better are you
ready yeah what's that crap what you
heard just took a deuce in our course
what the crap Buford whoa dude I want to
try your sled I want to try your side
give it or go be over we're sweating bro
it's at me I'm trying all right your
turn
you got a lot of snow on there and
you're really cold now right it's way
too cold out here before we go inside I
wanna do a quick interview with you okay
just point to me where you parked your
car what where did you park the park
right there right where wait where did
you park I don't see it the road what
why did you park way down there so this
has happened before
why my car down the hill into someone's
yard you got lucky didn't smash it to
the fence here perfect there's no cars
in it I know this is like it stopped
perfectly right here as you can see the
party Drake is not on I put it on that
doesn't make sense
somebody pranked me named Andrew I was
thinking you could see the tire yeah
probably see on vlog my maybe though
we'll see like they don't really have
that much momentum to go down the
shoulders it is slippery out if somebody
saw that happening just as car rolling
backwards nobody all the way down the
hill coming that'd be bad they'd have if
they weren't paying attention a tip and
if you have a manual put it into first
gear and then turn it off I guess I'm
kind of brain fart or what happened here
we go the finished product with mustard
never go wrong with these bad boys whoa
since I rented a red box I gotta return
it of course I'm returning it two days
late these dorks that's how they get all
their money
yeah okay since it's so snowy outside is
the perfect place to go when it's cold I
just got a white chocolate mocha what do
you get
yeah and we're sitting at the perfect
place I was like there's got to be a
place where there's a fire she
immediately knew you do have a giant bow
arrow up here wraps that's dads thanks
for watching today's vlog any other
words of wisdom words of wisdom don't
park your car at the sidewalk oh yeah
I won't do that again promise we're
gonna do something fun tomorrow so and
it's very cold here forever and ever
it has to do with our most viewed video
on more days to do so if you don't know
what that is you might wonder then
you'll know we're doing I know
okay well see you mom
