bunny let's say hi to bunny again Oh
like it literally is frozen we're gonna
be filling that our video today the
canon 60d any of you camera users out
there this is very festive looking oh
and i want to show you this awesome meal
we have prepared for when we get back
guys check this out whoa Frank's the
bean sludge what if is dude I think it's
just like fat bacon and stuff good lord
your heart desires oh I saw you weren't
there is day you lucky yeah
back again we are kind of a 10am and
there's people already here geobeats
cobra I was shooting something now can I
feel like I'm Ferris just because we
can't really stay and there's like been
people here so I have this giant camera
like the filming Andrew do like an ollie
or something and they're doing like all
these super flips off here boy well so
usually when we get back from doing
activities we like to just chill and
play some monopoly deal quite fun what
huh like a presser can please son taste
the rainbow so since we already filmed
at the skatepark we're just gonna film
out in our neighborhood right here to
get a different look to the video it's
perfect yeah well the old video we film
like some parts right here skateboard
real in this backyard yeah I get it hey
guys I'm going on on my own search
adventure trying to find our old
skateboard rail we know they got me yeah
yeah yeah oh crap you've heard
Buford stay stay don't stay no stay stay
nope stay back in the day Andrew bought
a grind rail to practice and we just
round it still here practice in the
journal PLoS her heads yeah last time I
used to grind I've hurt myself hahahaha
last time I was out here Andrew was
inside I was doing some grinds I was
landing him every time and then I said
Andrew I could deal with come watch and
then I fell straight on my face and
busted my chin even still have the old
wax there's a whole drawer of skates
some dodgeballs tools wheels the heck
goodness sakes you can save a pretty
much pros back then but
ouch I just fell why'd you do that huh
why did you do that to yourself aah my
butt your butt okay see when you're
doing the grind rail you don't lean
backwards is perfect ground to fall on
like correct Brock's pledges jagged
edges out cheese I had to put band-aids
still bleeding and what's next we're
going with this flat deck flight deck
tricks on the stairs nope look yeah good
that was a pic dude I'm going to get
lunch now Andrew starving to death so
I'll see you soon okay you guys are just
gonna have to get used to us eating and
every more okay some youtubers do we eat
in every blog but it seems like we do it
all the time hey we're humans we eat
three times a day so at least one time
we got to film yes we're a ways it's
still best
we got lettuce wraps and a kung pao
chicken to share
oh yeah she got a haircut you look oh
good you're filming me day you're funny
Oh scared yeah yeah I almost peed my
pants okay that's Anthony but we're here
at the whole crew now whoa is that right
now does this look like a giant
flashlight Oh what tell them what we're
doing right now they can head shots for
acting acting a nice light and it's
working well we got a whole crew here
she's holding the paper I'm hold the
light well and you're sitting here she's
taking pics actors I for acting you need
to send in your head shots you need to
send in your head shots to get auditions
and stuff Canelo jonatha head shots were
actually going to see our friend
Hayden's concert if you guys remember
remember him from the tattoo vlog he
actually is in a band he's awesome and
here's the venue black sheep
so here's his band's merch
ok so Hayden's bands going on next
oh yeah
this is going to be epic oh they got the
fog machines going there Hayden he's
lead guitarist and vocalist whoa
look we're called tired mine we're
really really happy to be playing
tonight oh my sister came hey Hannah she
hurt us hey hey guys thanks for coming
it's a video
please send help
send help ASAP I got the concert can't
hear a thing lovely it just feels like
our ears are muffled ministries that's
fun back from the concert and it's super
late so we're gonna go to bed now thanks
for chillin with us today and we hope
you guys liked our skateboard video
yesterday it's pretty fun to make and
we'll see you guys mom what
bye
