what up fellas it's uh about lunchtime
here so we're gonna go get some lunch
first thing you guys want to come along
this morning we had like a little
meeting with this lady and her husband
were working with on acting she's kind
of like our acting coach yeah yeah I can
go yeah we're trying to work on some
movies and get some roles so oh and
here's your husband
she looks pretty BA whoa Ruby Tuesday's
so they'll like he is they always give
you free rolls they like garlic parmesan
holes
should we try yeah
and as you can see it's pretty empty
here and they've gave us this really
single booth food has arrived guys I got
the California BLT what'd you get a
pressed Cuban every big be honest but
smells danger
well this will be gone in two seconds
all time that mule is delicious inter
said he still wants to go for round two
it is right there
when they placed it on his head he began
to dance around Christmas tunes are up
and running by where you going work to
get done no you don't yes I fine
me too yeah yeah so today is also
Britney's brother's birthday how do you
feel about that excited whenever a
member has a birthday you always go out
so where we going tonight going to Red
Robin and how old is Brandon he's 18
happy birthday Brandon happy bday
Brandon probably being the camera so you
guys can meet him and he's pretty
awesome but in the meantime we're just
watching some Parenthood Britney really
likes the show my Stewart got me totally
hooked yeah I ever really watched it too
much but apparently Brandon and his dad
are watching the movie right now so
we're just waiting for him to get done
so we could go out alright just made
some Red Robin and I know you guys are
thinking we eat way too much this middy
already has two placements we already
want the Red Rock Ruby Tuesday's oh my
gosh this time I'm actually gonna get
something healthy okay are you guys
laughing to me no Britney's mom she's
never been in a video before oh my gosh
and it's packed in here for some reason
thank goodness
what day is it today Thursday why is it
so packed
is it a little healthier than what I got
earlier what this is a sauna chicken
what did you guys get like the burger
place
it's good the best friend show him your
to them in your eyes them tattoos that's
right people
that's my brother
we're the tattoo crew see at home bro hi
bye
hey guys this yeah all right so since
Brandon's birthday he got a gift and
this is what he got holy schnikeys wow
this thing is crazy
you gotta see now what else we get so
the bad kid gift of all
exactly he also got the walking dead
since we're so into at box fold and
randomness dog always out of stock
Britany kind of look like a hip-hop
dancer right now watch out we're home
now it's getting late
we're tired and it's time for bed but I
don't know how long this vlog is or if
it was entertaining but thanks for
chillin with us and we'll see ya
tomorrow meanie enger' are gonna be
working on a if you guys watched our
skateboard video where we watched our
really old skateboard video we're gonna
actually make a new one cuz a lot of
people in the comments said we should
and we think it'll be pretty cool even
though we're still like not that good
we'll make it look cool so if you're
excited for that let us know and see you
guys
