yeah good morning guys and guess what
time it is I said guess what time it is
yeah I said guess what time it is
guess guess what time it is okay it's
about 9:00 a.m. doesn't seem that early
but we've been up since about 6:00 so it
feels like separate man now but right
now we just got done actually doing our
prank probably the prank we've had most
planning for never never had to go
through legal department forms signs
that honestly it wasn't like that much
we had to go through but like we
compared what we usually go through it's
just everything we usually don't do any
planning for everything to be honest
what was our you know we finished it and
now we're heading to chick-fil-a for
breakfast yeah we you know just kind of
deserve a good chick-fil-a reckon so hot
right what all right we just made it to
breakfast and we just uploaded a crap we
just made a new theme song for
chick-fil-a but featured on PBS Kids
we only uploaded it to snapchat so go
follow us on snapchat look it's the
first link in the description just go at
us and you can see it like very soon but
yeah you won't be able to see it but
whatever you probably saw it if you
already follow us that's not problem
but we're going to chick-fil-a for
breakfast that's what we do my food is
here we got the chicken minis a sandwich
and the nice copy I have the chick like
calendar card so this was free today
never had it so and Justin got just
water and jelly yes my food has arrived
as well
huh look what we're doing now that we're
back at the apartment
what Oh No kick some games yeah you guys
have a subscriber more it up because
have it if you guys haven't subscribed
subscribe to goo squad gaming what are
you waiting for
look we just uploaded this couple
there's good or yesterday actually and
yeah it's really funny five games so see
you over there are you filming me no
okay so as you can see we're wearing
different clothes it's a different day
because yesterday we had a problem with
that we had to deal with regarding
videos I don't really even want to
explain it but we're getting it taken
care of
talk about idiots but in other mood
reading to King Soopers right now to
finish a prank that we've had like
partially almost basically done but we
still need more clips joy tell them
okay fine we're finishing filming a new
serie prank we know you guys have liked
the previous videos we've done so yeah
but scale particles there's nobody here
well it's Brian yeah this skateparks fun
we gotta go after filming yeah okay
we're going to skip RJ but as you can
see here is King Soopers our favorite
family neighborhood store hopefully we
have a lot of people here they'd like to
give us good reactions and you shouldn't
break to the park you smile contours of
fronts okay so here's how we set up Siri
for today miss you look great today miss
oh you look great today miss here's the
mic
and it's just right buying a cereal we
put a behind product really great today
so when they're walking lies it's
awesome
when it comes to pranks it's all about
the waiting game got a way for people
and then sometimes the Bluetooth speaker
doesn't work oh it's like annoying but
it's the life you know we're trying to
get those clips for you guys alright
we're leaving now has you no takers it's
always happens sometimes certain pranks
are way harder to film the others and
then no one wants to just react but
we're going to go to Walmart so
hopefully they have people there who are
very very talkative usually walmart has
creepier people so as you can see our
Walmart now still kind of dead here just
waiting all day for people to come by
come on folks
home guys lunch is sheriff or or yes one
tombstone definitely putting on the
final touches to Siri in the store we
hope we think you guys are really going
to like this one should be up right now
so go check it out the pizza it's like a
brick what what happened
we're trying to head it got a little
toasty quick Wow
so that'll be good that's awesome
they're know why we're two of gloves but
of glove that yeah huh not having snow
right we just got to the skate park
looks like some peeps are already there
hey it's a super nice day out here too
yeah yeah I ain't just about making
snapchat what do you know I'm doing a
McTwist Aldi alright let's see it
prepare to be impressed
alright Justin's gonna show us his
favorite trick alright this one's called
the superb fantastical argan I heard of
it I've never heard it so let's let's
see what it does
I'm gonna show you my favorite trick
Oh
we're not
oh boy a what
look who it is again say law did it
she's gonna do it big hair all you he's
better than you and she's a girl she's
not let me show you a cool trick I made
up yeah did you make it up just now Oh
guys check out this rollerblader he is
insane good
he's also the twineth head fast little
guys got skills it's crazy out talented
some people actually are I swear some
talent
those are nervous
oh goodness boy hey all done with the
skatepark we swear that guy looks just
like a bass master yeah we asked him if
you wanted to say barbell dude to the
camera but he didn't wanna it's
nighttime now end of the night Brittany
hi God and uh we're heading to get some
food right now you're right by the movie
theater here and there's this new place
that opens up called it Bar Louie so
we're going to check it out because it's
like you can see it's right up there
it's like on the second floor looks
super awesome so like fun - Louie funky
Faro meme on our blog yeah fun Foley
should go here Bar Louie bah Louie oh
yeah if you guys haven't seen her videos
we uploaded two videos recently I'm
paying him to say this ha ha so yeah she
has two new videos you guys should go
check it out I'll link them in the
description yes I am girly but if you
guys do thank you so much it means a lot
yeah yeah I think her channel is just so
unique and awesome like cuz like I said
before it's just all about photography
and style and there's just so much going
on with the channel that she has planned
you guys got to go check it out and if
you're if you guys are a guy watching
this if you're a guy watching this we
could even tell your sister about it
haha who's into photography or anybody
who's just into photography here again
hey you have to do know it wasn't into
makeup stuff like that
just tell me about it Rhett look this is
so special
yeah they're playing Christmas music
right now already yikes
well this
here it is
okay we're here and this place is epic
as you can see
it's just the atmosphere here is superb
and they're having happy hour right now
so
so since it's half off appetizers check
it out
we got wings they look prime and smell
delicious he's going to be gone very
quick okay when we split like this
Tuscan chicken South our pasta
this whole place just looks good they
even have a place on the deck you can go
with a fire pit like outside this would
be perfect for summer
well dinner was great thanks for coming
along with us today and chillin hope you
had a good time watching hope it kept me
entertained and I guess we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for sticking with our
vlogs that's miss Ted don't put that in
there don't put that in there ah what's
going in there well I'll see you later
good bye
