who's born guys hey guys recurrent
pumpkins today right now
make her puppets you got your pumpkin
that's Isaac's pumpkin you pick this all
by yourself
hello it's dark in here but soju doing
the best one okay this all looks pretty
this one looks pretty round all around
round I'll take that hi are you ready to
carve pumpkins really what it's not very
it's not hot it's not much :
you like the cranberry sauce food time
as well look at our giant bowl full
pumpkin we got some same potato guts but
we got potato seeds for years pumpkin
seeds
Oh see now cube use it myself
yeah we're all doing designs here's mine
great what is yours it feels like a
spooky spooky do you see what I did
there what you got he's gonna carve this
thing right into the outside Andrew I
got this ghost it says rest in peace
young lad how is this 75% difficult hey
hey hey she freehand drawing it's a
monster oh my goodness I can't wait to
see the final product
Oh an hour winner
Pupkin now you should just stop
oh we're listening to Kidz Bop Halloween
yeah yeah yeah I was enjoying it but the
squad is not approving oh wow yeah
that's final
I'm working on it now
there you finish her pumpkin it's a bat
and a pumpkin on a pumpkin in the
pumpkin carved out of a pumpkin here
good job on your pumpkin all right bring
them outside with dwarf star all right
first was yeah first very should hear
this but here's mine you finished let's
see oh that's cool single minion thing
don't forget your clothes it's
completely dark out here
monopoly best part about being done well
clean up who says we have found all
right we're it guys now for the best
pumpkin Isaac's pumpkin burning and
friends haha I guess this is goodbye for
today right right we didn't vlog it all
today except for pumpkins so see you
guys tomorrow in the morning okay right
now see I told you we'd be right back
whoa okay you know morning boys and
girls it's time to film ooh get ideas
you know that life altar you ready Oh
boy crank you got to feel your body with
food so since I have a free chick-fil-a
receipt ah this is some couple days ago
vlog when I showed you
yeah and I swear I think chick-fil-a is
like the most busy place in town like
the whole line is wrapping around the
building they run the drive-thru line
but you have to go all the way around
the whole building come out this side to
get to this side and it's like it starts
like over them like in the middle of the
road over there why that's why it's
dadgum lunchtime dad BH okay you guys
wanna know a cool way to makes it a
little bit extra money off your place in
the chick-fil-a drive-through line like
this guy right here that I came in ten
bucks and you can jump right ahead well
say no say okay good deals out to wait
in this huge line Oh as you can see
you're in the parking garage now you see
CS and today we're doing some more Santa
pranks in the middle of October the end
of October I guess but anyway see you
soon see you top
thank you Judah very far
let's give her a hug alright so we just
got done pranking a little bit my hair
is beautiful right now I can tell by
your you've got Santa here dude good
you're back is I already cleaned it off
but they're so like now these are
rolling in the mulch you damn idiot fell
by somebody and there's mulch everywhere
now it's his turn
ready so here's the process of getting
ready Mike Mike you got to hide it under
the shirt put the gear on that as you
can see we don't care where we change
cuz it don't matter honestly there goes
Andy by Andrew good luck
hey guys it's me Santa I'm back looking
good by the way
thanks I think we're finished for the
day because we already had some Santa
clips and just had to get a few more or
so yeah now what are we do I don't know
do something else let's do something fun
right yeah
okay we're at our go-to place now guys
Wow come on man
come on fresh so we're here at Target
because I'm supposed to get some
ingredients for dinner tonight
Brittany said she was gonna make all
this stuff so you know how you guys at
Bolthouse it's not the best thing ever
eggnog edition hmm so try that sometime
later but not today I've never heard of
bay leaves but who is gonna buy a jarful
leaves for five bucks like I could I
could start a whole new business I have
so many leaves in my yard I heard the
faster you eat apples the better it is
for you go buy people way more healthy
all right fill in my systems as you can
see we're done with lunch there's
nothing here but now it's time to move
on to a new segment which you guys have
never seen before
top five favorite items Andrew we're
gonna start the show off hey Andrew so
for my first item number five on
favorite items it's got to be this tea
kettle I know it may not be a tea kettle
but this is the brand and it is becoming
my favorite item because whenever I have
parties I invite guests over you can put
not only in brick woods but you could
put like chicken broth you could put
like you know when you're grilling you
just go and then like it comes out and
you could put ketchup I remember I put a
whole thing of mayonnaise for when we
made sandwiches back at me
barbecue in the lawn and
you can either sometimes put a separator
in here for that you put on half this
half mayonnaise so you can put like a
drink and so many other items hey guys
we're onto the number four favorite
items this snack now you can buy this at
your local grocery store one of my
favorite reasons why I like this snack
is because it comes with a hint of lemon
inside then also a squeaky clean not
just clean but squeaky clean so any time
you didn't eat this like sometimes you
squeak when you walk around how do you
eat this product well there's many ways
to eat this product one you can you
import in a dish and you like to get a
spoon kinda like cereal which is a
really good way isn't it you know I just
go straight in your systems or if you're
just like feeling like you need a snack
on the go you just pour it in haters so
next on my favorite list number three is
a very authentic piece that is very good
um it's this now you can't wait quite
notice what it is when you open it like
when you see right here but this is a
very authentic blue camera so as you can
see here it is a rare piece you don't
see many blue kurz using this camera
here and it has you know how some
cameras have one lens this has three to
get a 3d effects that's why this Lukey
camera is very good and to film you go
like this so you always have to film
sideways which is very unique
instead of going like this you always go
like this and I like using this camera
because that's very authentic roars and
as I still go like this to charge her up
it's at 1080p
it's actually 1150 by 2000 it's very
high quality resolutions if you guys
want to Luke I would recommend this
camera but they're not sold anymore so
welcome back to the Arden my number two
paper item hey this is a tape dispenser
now you might say why is this when your
favorite items well I'll tell you why
because they can do this hmm the number
one item we have on our list here is
this jar of Henry yoga Steinberg
Michaels now why you're asking because
it just is so flavorful you can find
these nuts somewhere and when you put
them in the jar they smell good but if
you don't have them in this glass jar
they can they don't smooth it that was a
very good reason well that's it for
today's top five wait we forgot the
bonus item this is the bonus item so
this is actually top six now because you
have a bonus head this is a hot glue
stick but now what explain anyway the
hot this is a hot glue stick but it's
not just a hot glue stick because it's
actually a prank stick one one of the
most important things you can do with
the hot glue stick is you put a pot on
the stove and you search boiling with
water you drop this in and then once it
gets all foamy and char skin it actually
has to catch on fire and then when your
friend comes in the door you dump it on
his head and the hot glue stick will be
all melted and then the like solidify on
this hair and stick it all together and
it's a really funny prank so that's why
this is the bonus item of the week that
concludes this episode guys thanks for
watching the blog and hope you have a
good weekend Halloween Halloween
Halloween
that's tomorrow have a good Halloween
then we'll see you on home hi if you
guys want to come trick-or-treating with
us we will see you then cuz Chipotle's
three dollar burritos I'm going
we're all going weird if you can guess
what we're gonna be for Halloween you
get a gold star so thanks for watching
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bad day
