hey guys welcome back it's another day a
new day here in Colorado and me and
Brittany are currently on our way to a
secret location actually it's probably
not that secret since the title oh yeah
it's in the title you party no we're
both going to get some tattoos and
that's basically the gist of this video
let me talk here doesn't is a tattoo
Justin is a tattoo virgin and he does
another one and so he's getting his
first one today how many do you have
I have two I have a cross underneath my
arm and then I have a hummingbird on my
ankle it's important to get like
meaningful tattoos I think like all
right least that's for my personal
opinion but yeah I'm not gonna tell you
what I'm getting yet cuz I'm still like
I'm in the air right now with two
options and what I do know is that I
want to get a tattoo that's hidden
because if any of you already know or
don't know I want to be an actor someday
it's like my ultimate dream is to be in
like a movie or show and I don't want to
get a tattoo that will hinder me from
becoming it so it has to be hidden under
the shirt
it can't be visible so that's what I'm
going for here and no ladies you've not
gonna do any topless movie scenes our
fans are mainly guys sorry guys
alright so we're here we're waiting for
our friends their friend Hayden and Kate
they're another married couple as well
they're coming along I think they're
gonna be getting tattoos as well there's
and Hayden and Kay they both already
have some sweet tattoos I'll show you
guys once we get to two then
we're here in doubt whoa we're here in
downtown Colorado Springs which is a
really cool area it's kind of old and
I'm not just interesting so taxi places
right here where are you guys
we've been out here for hours digging
the shirt and the beanie we just got
that today all right yeah stylin like
super stakes skateboard Mike so we're in
the shop now take a look at it it's
pretty big and my bro Haden got here and
there his his wife she's actually
getting a tattoo right now and one thing
you guys need to know about me and hey
nism we go back oh oh sixth grade sixth
grade
we even have old we made old videos
together and I don't know we're just a
reckless group here we're still hanging
out today and you want to show them show
them your tattoos Olinda gonna get this
on camcorder is that so explain this is
a sheep in wolf's clothing
so it's switched from their like saying
look at the epic coloring okay you know
what else this is just a lantern I think
that's so sick
and then again how many tattoos do have
total I've no idea not that many
comparatively yeah you got someone your
what legs and wrath guys look who else
just showed up what are you doing here
bro he's back only for the weekend he
leaves like tomorrow we don't even get
to hang but you'll be back soon right
everyone's always ask and where's Jake
in the pranks I mean yeah how are you
doing really fine now I feel really out
of place cuz I have my shirt off and
everyone else is clothed
are you ready to rock yep all right
Oh
any good ones Wow epic we are making
progress
yeah yeah I'm a red bean right it's like
watching Discovery Channel yeah thanks
learning so much about no I'll do that
yeah it feels like he's like stabbing
like would like just yeah I'm bleeding
whoa okay get me to the hospital right
now
alright almost done as you can see I'm
bleeding
sorry about that it just needs to color
in something else I'll be done color
colouring really hurts it hurts what her
but would you do the color brainy just
got attached to those well let's take a
look it's all bloody and my craps over
there there we go it's just Matthew 6:26
with his dub which is a verse you really
likes I really love that verse - all of
them are very meaningful like look it up
it talks about like
just a reminder a big reminder yeah so
we're back at our apartment now and
pretend to still hurt pretty bad but
we've been taking care of them we had to
buy this back teen stuff and you have to
I had to spray it on every day like
three to four times and wrap it in the
plastic wrap here just the plastic wrap
with the tape because that's like the
process you have to go through because
if you don't do that whole process it'll
get really scabbed up and it'll just
hurt very bad so I think it's healed up
pretty well I want to show you the final
product here it is looking really smooth
I got a still put lotion on it every day
but as you can see it's really detailed
with color I really like color so I'm
glad I got a color tattoo but there it
is I posted an Instagram if any of you
guys follow me on Instagram here's my
username you would have already seen the
pictures me and Brittany posted a
picture together and I just posted a
single photo and in the picture I put
the meaning like behind this tattoo but
I wanted to take the time to explain it
to you guys who don't follow me on
instagram and don't know about like the
meaning behind it for anybody who
doesn't know I am a Christian and the
Bible and God play a very very big role
in my life the basis of this tattoo
comes from the verse first Corinthians
13:13
which says and now three of these remain
faith hope and love but the greatest of
these is love it has like a lot more of
a deeper meaning but I really feel like
I should save that for a separate video
because I want to talk about tattoos and
what they mean to me and what I think
about tattoos but seriously thank you to
anybody who has been leaving nice
comments on my Instagram pictures and
Brittany's your support and what we do
and just the decisions we may
it really does mean a lot and just
reading through your comments it just
makes me feel really good so anyways I
hope you guys liked today's vlog we're
back on schedule we're back in Colorado
so be prepared for some Halloween vlogs
coming up some pranks and thanks for
sticking with us guys I'll see you
tomorrow hope you have a good day
