guys guys guys welcome back
Wow how are you I hope you're doing good
yeah we do hope but thanks for coming
back and watching today's vlog we got a
phone for you today two different things
wonder what's the first thing one of our
longtime fans put together this try not
to laugh compilation but it only
features us so more Jays new edition
this is gonna be funny it's a yeah five
minute video so I'm really curious what
he put in this yeah we're gonna watch
that video and try not to laugh for
basically laughing at ourselves he said
it's the funniest vid I mess with the
title is funny one of the greatest films
on earth and we're also going to be
trying some Japanese snacks is what it
is Mary's dad grab some snacks when he
was overseas recently and there's
somewhere around here ah Japanese next
let's see what we got
oh my goodness does anybody in the
comments know what this says if it was
it like that blurry you might be able to
know this it's got a picture of a shrimp
on it so I'm a little concerned yeah
hello kitty
ha these are gonna be fun to try guys
you me and we're gonna try the snacks
first yeah I've never tried this lemon
thing I'm guessing it's lemonade flavor
but can't read anything don't know what
ingredients are in here yeah the back of
the box is just so confusing yeah I
don't know what this says thanks what
could this be
whoa chewy but there's like hard things
in it kind of crunchy she's a picture I
got it I got wait there she well this
one's not bad
how's she pretty good I would eat this
yeah I bring these to the movies I give
this a pass
I'm just doing a pass fail yeah pass
next up we're trying oranges
are they just like a orange coming
typical orange gummy yeah it was really
orange II though Pat yes try the shrimp
tacos it smells worse than they taste it
still does taste terrible I would never
eat that as a snack seriously smells
like fish all right we need something
else get this out of here this is a
Pocky we have Pocky here but a Pocky
squiz I've never heard of that I'm gonna
get this fish out of here just like baby
food
like a little baby food me love
strawberry banana it was good at first
but the aftertaste is no bail don't get
that smack now guess what flavor this is
well it's got a picture of carrots and
broccoli I think I'm here I think
there's a potato and potato so is it
just like a vegetable flavor like a
turkey Thanksgiving meal that's right
I'm just gonna say it taste I'm going
straight in for the smell smells like
zero
there's no smell there's a lot crunch
here that I was anticipating this tastes
like a crappy french fries I mean it's
not terrible but it's not like whoa not
like I would ever buy it yeah well last
but not least Hello Kitty bloggers well
that's a cool package this chocolate huh
so weird nope you're spilling everywhere
yeah so I was like chocolate to me no
you try are they good they did a good
job of organizing them cuz like this
like little cookie sheet what's good I
remember like a chocolate fanatic though
so and you never wanted to lemon in the
herbs anyone yeah this is by far the
best one mm-hmm thanks dad thanks dad
for sending these things okay are you
guys ready for the unknown I am I just
don't know what to expect I feel like
I'm gonna laugh but I'm gonna try my
hardest not to because I want to win
yeah and you watching this you guys have
to try not to laugh - yeah so if
starting as soon as this video starts
get your game face on don't laugh and
then leave a comment of what point in
the video you did life if you did and if
you successfully completed it you would
did a good job
ready I'm ready Harry it's five minutes
long mister spent a lot of time looking
through our video so that that is true
more Jace to addition I can imagine well
thanks for making this in three two one
whatever happened man paper boy
you can choose whatever flashlight you
want to go what I've never ever done the
cab I feel on TV
do you have any cool sandwiches or
schnapps with your snacks I don't have a
thing
no not a thing a little Halloween Oh
with my dad when we said I could go
today
yeah sorry doc don't have a thing oh uh
I spend my leisure time usually giving
me more foot massages or try to see my
dance moves and singing I'm a really
good singer and rapper very talented
many people know that and I like to eat
he walks he walks he walks he walks he
walks he walks oh I'm sorry
another song
hey bro yeah you have any actual lasagna
No
Oh
nice
hopefully you guys enjoyed the horn horn
laughs boys you can either laughing
twice about four times
next time to go do a speed on there's no
board run that's the future no I didn't
know about this rule we go snowboarding
with no shirt on or a jacket all right
well he said all right Gary it we'll do
it since we lost but boy man else funny
that's a good editing thank you
like who say guys let us know at what
point you laughed if you did laughs oh
I'm guessing so many of you laughed and
if you guys want to make us any
compilations go for it well guys oh oh I
wasn't in the shot do this is the end
thanks for watching today guys
it was a fun and simple one that we hope
you enjoyed yeah so we'll see you back
here tomorrow I hope and leave a like
also if you want to subscribe you can if
you want anyways Kevin's about to get
your lunch
