welcome back guys say hi Andrew hi we're
vlogging here oh good lord
almost hit unis unis where are we going
right now I'm gonna click snap we're
going to Aaron's high school cuz he
forgot his soccer stuff how dare he do
that but we do have silly string I will
be blasting people with let's try all
right guys just back to his brothers
school and we're gonna make some
snapchats in side high school how does
that fan sound good thanks to everybody
who's been following us on snapchat by
the way we hope we have been keeping you
entertained when you're bored we try and
make really goofy ones so thanks guys
what are you doing Andrew that was sick
good all high school days best Andrew OH
so we just got done talking about the
teacher and as I just said but you guys
don't know is that teacher is willing to
allow us to prank her classroom I don't
know if you guys realize how epic that
is but we're pulling a prank on a class
it's never been done before ever but
none of we're teachers or one of us be
teacher yeah hopefully we'll get both of
us in the video there's not we're just
gonna try and get a funny video
oh the joys of after-school traffic
what's the heck I went to elementary
school here by the way that's so cool
man oh if you watch our Cajun video we
were on the top of that school by the
way we don't have a new viral idea
awkward beans on top of school when
school gets out pretty doesn't this
sound viral by the way
we're back at our homeland Walmart the
origins of falling madness another crazy
amount of nonsense
there's food here there's basically
everything here that's why it's just a
good store we're gonna probably do some
goofy stuff while we're in Walmart just
because we're bored and we want to
entertain you guys so I was very kind
Annie
it scared me men dude you're like a
superhero always there to save the day
to be honest I saw that coming but my
reactions are fast enough it must be
hungry you are hungry nice why wouldn't
want oh it's a big bill of sausages like
what is this it's pepperoni oh so that's
what it looks like before they're in
slices so Ronnie how much I love you Oh
baby Ronnie
anyways what are you making or wanting
to make secret
I made it with area the other day and
it's so good it's like the yummy kind
like lunch snack well we'll see about
that I'm seeing cream cheese and
pepperoni are you gonna melt it
okay
Oh loose oh hey would you like to buy
some water I'm feeling so fine and it's
one organ Sam do you only sell cases or
did you sell individuals yo mean by
themselves I'll take four sorry we
closed Oh
we had a blessed booth
peaches and cream instant oatmeal cereal
Walmart is seriously the perfect place
to just act like a complete idiot
it's fun you guys should try sometime
just just try it dad
this is quite soft so what's the next
step here to your marvelous meal show us
how it's done don't oh whoa take your
cheese sticks and put them like that
whose invention was this now oh that's
cool
kind of decided to try this man little
hot dog cannolis with pepperoni ting
okay so now that we got some food about
ready we're gonna probably do an Omega
fan meetup right now we haven't done one
of these in like months and months
really long time so it'll be cool - I
don't know meet some of you guys and
just chat we announced that we're going
to do the meet up on our snapchat so
people who follow us on snapchat got the
first notice of this anyways let's get
to it folks a final product has arrived
and delicious are they looking also hot
very hot but cheesy and pepper on
time to dig in right Andrew I'm just
vlogging right now oh hi guys
all right so Ron omegle we've ran into
some people following us since iPod
shuffle so that's a pretty long time if
you ask me hello do you have anything to
say to the world this guy has a real
life Greg the sloth say hi Greg Greg's
very friendly though I'm posting the
snapchat right now who is this what's
your favorite saying on earth I'm gonna
head home now
any final words captain my house
Erin's back from soccer camp and what
are you doing flashing like always
Oh super Bryce so much loot so I don't
even know what all this means but it
looks like you got a good base going
back home is dinner time here with Britt
I already got your then we have here
tasty did you make this Oh
made scratch who made scratch good i
slaved over like all day okay I think
you're lying then explain this yeah this
kind of get more chill type of dinner
day don't want to spend hours cooking so
just microwave this and it's good and we
just uploaded Britney's new photography
video so you guys want to check that out
on her channel please do so
say something funny
you know I know I haven't given you a
hike at an apartment tour yet but we're
getting to it but I will show you just
that that we have put together our table
well show you too much but this is it we
put together it it's kind of annoying to
put together but it finally is together
oh but I think everything's pretty much
coming along we just have like these few
little things to put together and the
whole house would be finished so kind of
excited to show you a tour but yes and I
we may go to the jacuzzi because it's
kind of chilly out the jacuzzis really
fun to go to and it's cold I did want to
point out that Britt made some delicious
chocolate granola apples yesterday for
dessert
and we got some leftovers here and what
is for dessert tonight Britt just simply
mango go into Whole Foods and found this
Gigantor mango look at this honker so
here's a mango here's an orange whoa so
this is gonna be delicious I don't know
if you've ever read a mango but if you
hadn't you're missing out and I'm sorry
about that
