hey guys so today we are here to do the
blender nasty challenge the blender
nasty challenge and asked you guys on
Twitter to tweet us some challenges a
few of you said the blender slash
smoothie challenge so that's what we're
doing today okay so the rules are we're
each going to take turns finding an item
in the kitchen once viewed all items so
we're going to write them down on a
piece of paper and then we'll drive them
out of a hat I get to draw one out of
the Hat and he gets to draw one out of
the Hat we're going to have a certain
amount of ingredients so if you get all
bad ingredients then tough luck Buster
you're out oh we've forgot to mention
the winner gets to have a really yummy
snack and drink but the leave the loser
has to watch it meet it and do a three
gross thing is that the winner decides I
got some pretty good ideas for you all
right let's do it
start by picking ingredients who wants
to go first
hot sauce can of green beans go-gurt
sabes mushrooms cream of celery milk you
some timothy hay some cheese ravioli
ground ginger alaskan salmon seasoning
okay we have everything written on notes
in this bucket we each draw what five
six threes of the seasonings now we're
gonna take terms so andrew the draw
first
you guys are go girl ah last ravioli
beans Hershey syrup pulp yoo-hoo ah
mushrooms cream of celery hey milk
salmon seasoning is ginger seasoning
hock sauce
all right so I guess so let's start
blending mmm I'm not a blender challenge
just
all right mix it up blend all right now
give it a smell before we have to fill
it up suppose like chocolate yogurt give
her a go all right
Oh give you snow it just smells like
really italian raviolis Chloe here we
are folks we have our blended smoothies
absolutely delicious
are you ready Cheers what do you call
yours bottle right I call it over blood
I call this bone epic crap okay three
two one mmm ah
like old person house one person pals
Doh eggs look it looks like we're about
dead even but I'm a little lower
all right mines lower now Louis not got
it right now I'm winning guys the witty
I can't do to this if I give up
yes I'm about to throw up I so since I
won I get a capri-sun in yogurt pretzels
and ginger just gets to smell the drinks
both of them yep
well I'm enjoying this this isn't all
andrew has to do since you wash he has a
few more things for you guys oh now you
have to stick your finger both on and
put them up your back but that's not it
so since you lost for your final bad
challenge I'm gonna smack him with
ketchup so well good oh yeah it looks
good I'm going to stop that stop
it's like plugged in my ear now next
time are you gonna rethink losing yes
