I guess I was going or checking the peel
box today because I feel like we haven't
checked in literally weeks right right I
know some of you guys have tweeted us
saying have you got our mail we have
looked at it yet so we're here and ready
oh are you okay
4head are you ready yep it's a literal
potato how how did the post office allow
this I don't know if he ever said this
but the peel box isn't in Denver so you
know a lot of people are like oh you're
moving what about a fan mail Giggy Giggy
killed it not really an issue folks we
thought ahead Justin Andrew Kevin we
love your vids mister but chicks from RJ
will and Joey hey so we just arrived
back at Andrew's house and we're gonna
be opening you some fan mail now we got
a nice stack here from you folks we
can't wait to see what you've said us
and Andrew can't resist playing destiny
it freakin just came out all right
Andrew why don't you start off should we
start with these green ones firstly this
we kind of both thought would be us read
the title of them since that's Justin
happily youtubers Justin one is for
Andrew this is a book hold it up says
hey that's so cool is this really
something you wear though I don't know
haha oh that's cool right there don't
move thanks whoever sent us this cool
code thing this is from Kenan please
don't look at your window especially not
at night okay what is that I think that
may be him okay hahaha
look is not a fresh five-dollar bill
this is fresh sup dudes how are y'all
doing didn't know what to send you so I
thought I'd find something creepy online
by the way why are Justin's eyelid so
shiny bet Andy could use a haircut if
you know what I mean well thanks Keemun
thanks Tina
anyways I hope you enjoy some stickers
and goodies please send me an autograph
back please we're gonna pack full of
stickers a fake $100 bill Kim but that
looks real it does look real it doesn't
feel real though man
are these all stickers you made but is
this a sticker yeah Wow
stickers are kind of cool we should make
this boy a sticker strip
Thank You Donna for sending us this yeah
seriously I'm gonna sticker myself
here's a letter it looks like it's been
through the laundry machine I have been
after Jason shoe this is the ultimate
challenge this video from 2012 Wow Wow
my handwriting thinks otherwise yes yes
thanks thanks fil fil fil what you got
there well I opened this and there's
fruit snacks in there I really like
those steamy one from Khalil I love your
videos and pranks please go bald but
he's he Fudd
what you got now holy crap thank you
dude
Wow it's got a paper clip with a dollar
on it what you're just an engine cabe
you guys think he laughed laughed so
hard when I was feeling sad my mom has
breast cancer when I heard she got
cancer I was really sad so I start
watching their bids cheered me up sorry
your mom has breast cancer but I hope
she gets better soon and I'm glad our
videos have helped cheer you up this
Andy sign this Justin okay boy hey
Bronco colors yes yes yes yes yes Jake
Jake thank Juke please autograph and
send this back it says I love you it has
two signatures I love you JC Studios
thank you so much we'll do that we have
logo here that looks absolutely stunning
boo whoa that's what I'm talking about
that's perfect but hey that's corn to
Andrews holding corn for some reason ah
tapes favorite prank is a spilling
popcorn on people the Vicky's is falling
Maddie we won't watch your blogs and
snapchat stories thanks for following us
on snapchat yeah yeah like here's our
snapchat so here's Justin's don't move
here's mine okay big cancer Jase do sir
and Kate as a wristband we love you
well you guys Rock dear thing 1 and
thing 2 big theory otherwise your videos
not too long ago about my back watch
almost all of them want to listen me
Channel and your ball channel of how
funny what do you guys did you go around
really then never gonna do that but
anyway I'll put time I'll be like
Cleveland Lincoln we can't be doing Andy
you're the perfect sidekick - Justin
yeah you are Thanks
yes I've got some questions for you can
answer them in the female blog if you
want to first question dragons or
unicorns dragons do you guys like Harry
Potter if so what's your favorite
character no Justin's never even seen
Harry Potter but yeah Harry Potter is
cool I like Dumbledore
do you like my name yes or be very much
self
hey I b.o.b how did you guys become
friends
where does your first meet neighbors
neighbors next door literally in five do
not eat that cookie Thank You Steven for
the letter this is from Amanda maybe you
could use these stickers in a prank or
something
Justin I'm joyful and optimistic
undoubtedly amazing super adorable
Tom's an youtuber incredibly hilarious
nicest guy I know
oh thanks Andrew adorably awkward
natural burping ridiculous funny face
maker that's nail right on the head
oh man of awesome Justin an angel if you
guys so much and you make my days better
that's the reason why I strive to be
myself and not ever let people think so
I'm doing something I hate I just have
to do it say myself after all Beth all I
can go home and watch some J series
videos because they always cheer me up
oh oh that is nice oh wow I love it I
love that you great fans great sands
look it's Aaron by the way time to think
high slits how do you make these five
bucks that in the pile there's spots
start watching everything is four months
ago you guys cheer me up whenever I
matter sad that's great no or some money
for Andy to go bald Oh cripes give the
ball very soon dude you will be going
bald soon I will or it happen Thank You
Noah now with a box of gondor this is
from Charles some justin's chocolate
hazelnut butter blend yeah my name yeah
it says justice I do like that
monie what 513 old macaroni can you
please leave this on camera if you still
have ps3 can ii don't have PS we both
got paths for now please put the bag of
starbursts evenly between all three of
you Charles thank you for that yeah sub
zooming in I can see you doing is
stopping good to sign this and give it
back in this envelope
I guess I'll sign for keV Oh yep aaron
has to sign for Kevin that's okay no I
want my autograph Oh promise no I'll be
valuable one day that's the company of
peanut butter I made beautiful
bro thanks it's really good by the way
Hey ladies so we just got done making a
bunch of snapchat stories and if you're
following us on snapchat we do some
pretty goofy stuff so we're gonna show
you anyways because they're quani teen
workouts with sledge and Devin
so that's just a dose of what we do on
snapchat so please come follow us yeah
thanks for watching today's vlog guys
and thanks to everybody who sent us fan
mail you guys always make us laugh and I
don't know we really appreciate you oh
and our new prank is going live today
make sure you go check it out and give
it a thumbs up for us because I don't
know we feel like this video could do
really well and if you guys help us out
by sharing it that would be super
awesome because seriously sharing videos
on YouTube is super huge and if we just
get a bunch of us to just share the
video around with our friends on
Facebook and whatnot who knows where it
can go so yeah go check it out let us
know what you think and that's all I got
for you today
I guess we'll see you tomorrow
