howdy guys how's it going um basically
what I'm trying to say is worth Subway
right now we finished pranking with
baby-talking new video will be up
tomorrow so make sure you're ready for
that just prepare yourself
we're here at Subway cuz it's just good
food healthy good delicious fun oh
here's my sandwiches looking really good
so let's take a look at yours that's
looking really good Cheers
man look at that bite right there back
in the car and we're heading home
because andrew has cookies and ice cream
this is a new style of driving UIC whoa
okay you like this
what colors very unhealthy no it's
perfect like anytime their car comes you
just quickly dodge okay guys we came
home and pudgie is out of this cage we
gotta be very quiet it's wise punchy hey
buddy
oh don't run
I want to pick him oh he could you know
you can stay outside of your cage it's
more fun it's not he's safe in there
from what you ha ha ha you idiot
here's another one maybe this will work
that big troub is in the way you know
like underhand anything whoa ah jeez
that's supposed to happen when the heck
is this Aaron careful careful
you're this it's a water gun dark No Oh
Ron um you pump it up like this it goes
oh that's scary that's crazy
guys I just posted a snapshot of me
shooting and ruin the faith with the
nerf gun he didn't even see it coming
my fault if you want a good laugh go
follow me on snapchat and Andrew please
shot him again thank you but I got use
those Blastoise alright so we set up a
target practice 50 on a wide Islands 50
but if they hit the middle you have to
try to each one well see you does better
all right I'm just gonna zoom straight
in and see it ready oh you
broke it Oh what you missed big die back
okay
Oh what all right got away mmm
if you guys didn't know Andhra chic or
hobby is actually nerf guns here are all
his guns he it's actually like he goes
to a nerf gun arena once a we're lying
on camera so he also has a machine gun
this is one of his favorites even though
it does it shoot anything a flashlight
for like if it's dark and he's wants to
shoot his friends ready a shot I'm just
showing them your favorite nerf guns
those rare it's this is your forum
mm-hmm watch this do didn't even hit one
yeah I did I hit the red one let's do an
instant where you play for you guys to
see what really happened and hit the red
one I promise oh I've had and middle I
already beat you but I'll do my final
shot anyways here
oh but for extra credit you have to try
and throw this disc at one of them you
can hit this disc on the white you get a
free food it's really blue in here Oh
dark I mean in cookies and milk what
about me oh no what oh I am - whoops
cookies milk run the dungeon down here
so it's really dark as well but cookies
for dessert
wha-wha-what
what is that helmet it looks terrible it
was like the olden day helmet buddy I
really miss your eyes let me go set hike
alright so now that we mean and you're
done filming and whatnot I am heading to
the grocery store right now because I
have to pick up some food me and
Brittany are gonna make some dinner and
work out watch a movie and stuff like
that so I guess let's go to the grocery
store King Soopers just because we move
down to the springs don't make King
Soopers runs don't exist anymore so like
I said before me and Brett are trying to
eat healthier and gonna go to the gym
more so got some veggies meats more
veggies tonight we're gonna be cooking
chicken quesadillas
with lots of veggies got all the
groceries hair y'all not bags or dirt so
I just got to the bank but before I go
in I wanted to just talk about how I was
just listening to the radio and some of
the more popular stations the more
mainstream stations I think it's just
ridiculous how some of these songs like
get played on the radio I don't know if
it's just me if I'm the only one but I
feel like just so much of this music is
just sad really just cuz the lyrics are
so like degrading and they have really
no good morals in the songs at all and I
don't know I just now starting to rain
but I feel like if you're a popular
artist that can get on the radio and you
have millions of fans I don't know why
you wouldn't want to be a good
inspiration or a person who inspires
other people half the song almost all
the songs I hear on the radio are just
the literally the opposite of that and I
don't know it just really confuses me
and it's sad that our society is going
down such a bad road and so many people
support that stuff I don't know what to
tell you but those are my quick thoughts
on radio music and society
anyways let's go in the bank now cheese
hi back from the grocery store just
cooked up some dinner chicken bell
peppers beans uh quinella Noah rice
onions
eat he regret and watch him I don't know
what this is
Freaky Friday oh my faith but really
this is a good movie so I'm gonna stop
filming now so I can eat thank you we
are heading to Bath Bay and beyond
Brittany for more yeah
Clara what's up with you oh just living
in the fast lane you know you better not
with my car yeah I'm driving her car
right now he insist that he drives all
the time but we both know who the best
drivers
Bed Bath and Beyond right let's go and
Bret he open the dark please yeah we
just found our Bert's and guys if you
are ever into chapstick Burt's Bees is
definitely the best of all brands
because I think they real they use
real-life beeswax and for some reason
that works very well we found a nice sad
bedspread here looking good and we need
some knives which is Brittany is so
viciously acquired and now we're looking
at some other stuff but I think that's
oh my god
yeah Oh before we go I did want to
mention that if any of you follow
Brittany on Instagram or her Facebook
page she has a YouTube channel and we
deleted all the videos that were on it
before she is starting fresh and me and
her film - her first video just the
other day it just went live on here it
is
there's her Channel miss Beauty birth
flower photo shoot and I think you guys
are really gonna like the concept of her
channel so I just wanted to say you guys
should go check it out I'll leave a link
in the description you can check it out
go subscribe show some support and we're
going to be doing stuff on her channel
every week too so you'll get to see like
a completely different perspective to
our live on this new channel through
photoshoots and whatnot it's gonna be
cool stuff but if you guys do I look at
it I really really appreciate it it's
just to inspire those who are creative
like myself but anyway that's all thanks
for watching today's vlog I'm gonna go
watch need for speed now rented a movie
gonna go watch that and chill out for
the rest of the night but you guys have
a good rest your day and we'll see you
tomorrow so goodbye
take care
Oh
