hey hey hey boy hey boy hey there bears
he goes I don't care
but it is frisbee golf time because I
look at blue blue blue I'm blue and I'll
be I love the ones in red yellow
hello it's sunny out it's not gonna rain
this time and we sure you guys are
real-life frisbees over time so the last
time it was a couple seconds also this
is just what we are gonna be doing while
we're waiting for the special guests
okay friends okay you don't know you
will know soon now throw the frisbee wow
I got you that time bro good lord that
was terrible Wow apparently a guy just
threw the frisbee from here and got a
hole-in-one he screamed like it was
Christmas yeah we were just walking he's
like you guys see that
No
so far we've tied every round yeah but
not for long
after this I will what do you find
another disc when I was looking for this
one usually you write your phone number
on the back so people can call you but
he didn't write his phone number in the
back style all the beautiful
I guess it's yours the course is right
next to it dead old written and just
threw his over there the holes over
there Andrew
so I'm about to beat him though cuz I
threw mine right there and the holes
right there
see if hanging out Andrews better at
this style throw and I'm better at this
time that's true so what do you you're
only down to now yeah very holy sheeps
alright so I chucked my frisbee from
where those guys are and hit this tree
and just evaporated we literally cannot
find it I climbed up in a tree so I have
to use this one we just found so thank
you to whoever couldn't find theirs we
made it to the rainforest part of these
under the frisbee area all the trees are
like trimmed except up high it's super
cool and I'm down one now me and Andrew
have been like exact the whole time
except fatal mistakes we keep both
making this strangely he always has good
Serbs or good drives mine stink and then
he can't finish it off right all right I
just teed off and my disc just landed
perfect in a tree so let's go see if we
can shake it out shake it up yeah shake
it up no sick hunch of poo ah how do we
get over there we have made it to the
final hole of the day hole a tune it's
down - this always happens here's the
putter he threw it right to that tree
and just landed right over the hill
absolutely terrible no answer right I
need to somehow muster the power of the
beast into the hole I can kind of see
the hole from here right there if you
can see it I'm gonna throw a straight
that way and curve it a little that way
looks like this is it folks Andres
technically officially lost unless I
just air both like three of them
alright guys our special guests have
arrived and they're sleeping yeah well
we did just drive like 20 hours no
excuses
time to go film 10 hours of pranks well
go to the idea board 1200 showing you
that we could do we could do a prank we
could and then we could make it like out
in public instead of here Oh a public
prank yeah oh I like that brother in
private prank did you just gonna delete
his channel public prank you know wait I
said that we could do a public prank I
ain't gonna delete public but yeah I
finished my sentence
DJ's deleting his channel public prank
and he's gonna start a brand new channel
called private pranks thoughts I think
it's a great idea I think you should go
for it you plays but nobody can see the
mess it's Friday never gonna be put on
private so only DJ just got to the
airport for pranks because DJ wants to
do a brilliant prank idea here why are
you laughing that's not sarcastic ranker
Sam can remind me of a turtle right now
DJ groundhog or something I think which
one is Andrew how excited are you to
prank today airport style I do like the
airport pranks Thank You Damon yes if I
think it's gonna be a great time oh that
was my question also
yes DJ closer you can't blaze these yeah
say something this is a part of an
interview closer interview have Damon
you can't hear oh um how excited are you
oh okay well now it's gonna be great
we're gonna do this and I don't want to
tell you what it is yet but it's gonna
be awesome
and you'll see it's him basically the
prank it is what everyone's car what I
know people get in the way dude see this
could cause a funny prank got ya break
break
dad dad just got any lunch here at the
Citadel mall
quite nifty here like a jungle
but I dig it
are you guys happy with lunch whoa you
were like right behind honest area but
it didn't really work how was your lunch
though fantastic chick-fil-a you guys
know
it was always good luckily it's not
Sunday so it was open
here's one of my sponsors Aquafina
come on sir by water house number buy
you guys a cookie happy birthday Joe
von Miller
I'm a huge fan you work all right folks
were out Walmart see ya we can we're
trying to decide what bubble pack to get
a comment down below whether you think
this one or this one and then we'll
decide right now
Oh poops do you look okay we bought some
bubbles we had to stop filming cuz
grumbo girl Iquitos Darren saying
different things like this is not she
says no be filming we're gonna yell at
him we're not this is just a video
camera by looking a bunch of pictures
and recording sound it's not it's
picture so 30 pictures are saying jeez
UCCS your first day of college guys done
with pranking but literally just found
the coolest shop in town I'm so excited
seriously oh my gosh that's amazing dude
the whole time I've been like where can
we do math here and now Mack but where
is math it's been here the whole time
oh let's do right now for dude yes
dude why do I go to college we could go
to Mac same as college but we're going
to this coffee Damon needs his coffee
Figgis name of this place is caught up
coffee you guys know where coffee this
man this whole place Matt coffee jeweler
the alterations nails this looks fancy
though just straight on the point peak
time we got some peak to Pete set time
we're all starving over here we're back
in a at my house just doing a little
editing sessions you're gonna share with
you all right now so that you can help
us you can just see the video clip clip
by clip you're gonna see it Damon's
especially happy yeah that looks
disturbing down there wow I got stung by
three Yellowjackets all all on my feet
ouch dude sticking out the side of your
foot I know it hurts yeah why'd you do
that
what Oh season bubbles on that
you know what I think this is actually a
sign that user delete your blog shut off
dude I know guys we're here yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo girl all right
there's another bad voice what Colorado
is like a sign oh I get it
a pluses oh baby oh my that's a letter
it's not mad I'll go pedo
oh yeah we're back home and it's time
for bed I thought nope yeah it is
well almost yeah okay but thanks for
watching today's vlog hope you liked it
and I will see you tomorrow I thought
