today we go to the top of Pikes Peak on
the cool train you can see that no
hiking as you remember we hiked up but
now we're taking the train up so yeah
lots of people today so the thing about
this camera is the screen on it broke so
I have no idea if this is even focused
or recording so we'll see if this vlog
even works but pointing it at you now
okay I can't see what I'm filming sits
at the top of the peak is 34 degrees 21
yikes good thing we brought jackets
magic eggs
it's a ticket
here's the train or just wait for
takeoff
down the hill
and absolutely large rocks like that
under land on the train and I don't know
not since yesterday
I can go buddy yes bathroom break
the gods
like just beyond that thousand two
hundred years
guys
threesies
that's what used it and I like gold
Thank You bumps it again 6:05 yeah Jack
and I freeze to death up here just a
Bigfoot just a Bigfoot sitting out there
if you look very hard think what is out
there I promise
there the trees are sprinting off trying
to eat some squirrels train selfie any
guys
hi guys freeze it made it to the top
enjoy it up here here you didn't know
America the Beautiful the song was
written up here on Pikes Peak okay Oh 25
cents you got a quarter lady was saying
if you look not that way to the east you
can see Kansas that way you can see why
Oklahoma both ways I can just see clouds
there's something really shiny out there
know if you can see it on camera this is
the yeah this is the end of the front of
the trail yes the bar trail yeah how was
the hike bar trail the train conductors
telling us that uh they have a car race
up the highway up the road up to the top
here he said an average person like
going to speed limit it takes whether
they say an hour and a half I'm gonna
have to drive up via the record holder
for the race to eight minutes
you got a top speed of 200 miles an hour
yeah you actually just switchbacks all
the way up and no guardrails cool crap
I'm gonna do my best impression of a
marmot so Barry's gonna film we made it
to the top we made it you guys should
remember this from our hiking vlog but
we're back again
bathrooms this way yes search let's
occupy speak is never complete without a
yummy Dona
all right he doesn't like the donuts for
some reason because they're delicious
loud on here so much less something
exciting happens right back down fun
short adventure for camera maybe the
back of the house now and I just wanted
to make one quick note that Darth Vader
video that we blogged about they just
uploaded it on mem
so I feel a nice go leave a nice comment
on there hope you're not feeling mean
because I make me sad but we sent you
the Darth Vader outfit was Erin's when
he was like in middle school so it
doesn't fit right and we only had a blue
lightsaber instead of a red lightsaber
so people were like kind of getting mad
that it wasn't authentic Darth Vader but
hey it's supposed to be goofy so oh well
it's so pretty funny that's the end of
today's vlog hope you guys liked it and
tomorrow we were filming with her baby
brother I think music so that'll be fun
probably an interesting vlog as well so
until next time what goodbye
