good morning everybody guess what time
it is right now oh my gosh
6:00 a.m. and no one's on the road
because it's way too early
nah but anyways I'm heading to Andrew's
house because me him and Colton
Colton's helping us cuz he's a big
trailer going up to Denver to get the
rest of our stuff which we have a key we
have to clean it or they're gonna charge
us out the wazoo
because Jake's spilled stuff all over
the carpet just didn't
I really do need to clean up and get all
our stuff back down here and the springs
so that's regard now breakfast is served
for Andrew chef Andy and house lucky
it's now 6:30 and we're heading to
Colton's because he has the Giants
trailer that we need we have arrived at
Colton's desolate village here in the
woods
whoa if you guys remember our ultimate
challenges video we filmed it here
for all you true fans out there yeah he
really likes playing ball
we got that big old truck set up with
the trailer gonna put all the stuff on
this bad boy
we're arriving up cheap the final day at
the apartment but I'm gonna miss this
place that's for sure my emptiness
calves calves gown yeah damn yeah
yes I want that black couch with it you
want to buy it and I just gotta bring
all this stuff out and we'll be good
like I still give up this far you got
this
your help idiot no you got it looking
for steps he dropped it all right things
are coming on nicely except the only
problem is think I like threw out my
back or something cuz it hurts really
bad so now I can barely like help them
guys get it all like the rest of our
stuff out but it's okay that's what
friends are for
we got the stuff out there right now
still gotta get this stuff out oh man I
feel like we have a lot to do so look
what we have in our closet a giant TV we
found somebody put out by the dumpster
we were gonna do a prank but we never
got around to it yeah it doesn't work
but he's pretty big
all right enjoy looking pretty empty and
boring in here but we've been putting
everything in the dumpster over here and
now the bros are out here dumpster
diving like whoa this TV this couch dude
let's pick it up man they're so happy
they found dumpster heaven alright so we
were just about done cleaning and what
did we find everything was packed away
perfect except for spice boy what oh
you're serious
it's echoing in here yeah yeah yeah well
we could take a look on the porch no way
we packed everything on our spiderweb of
rope spicy out there folks think he's
gonna fit yes it will do to sob all well
this is the end folks everything's gone
an empty the last apartment tour and
it's starting to rain so we got to go
kids
Kev's closet by closet and Justins stuff
so let's go lights off let's go buy
apartment
look this is boo bye
goodbye Lake I hope you had a good time
with us here
good bye man see you folks won't be back
ever
- bye Jim
we'll have fun okay see ya
see you guys see ya ye Q you can choose
whatever flashpoint you want to go Jim
what
let's assess the water damage halle-loo
soaked
ah yes I want to sleep on this very bad
hey guys welcome to five guys burger and
fries we're here with the injured site
theater what are you excited for I'm
really excited about the burgers and the
fries
wait did you order fries well there you
have it folks
time for burgers wow it looks dang good
I can't even film that much longer I got
it easy if I don't do the gap you bye
hey watch this watch this watch this
damn traffic yeah hey guys thanks for
watching today's vlog I don't really
have much else somewhere to say ready do
you have anything to say thanks for
watching guys I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
