what's going on bean sprouts right now
I'm heading over to play some frisbee
golf with the Andrew and sites and it
looks like it's gonna rain that's the
only problem here what's the problem
we're facing help it doesn't I don't
know if you guys have ever done frisbee
golf and you did it once before wasn't
the best but we'll see how it goes today
what the heck is this guy doing hey
beans Hey
this is you oh I'm blue blue
that's Broncos colors right there oh
stop it
I'm an Arch Angel I don't want to be
that well I guess you could just watch
whoa is somebody selling burgers up here
this guy is always here I haven't been
frisbee golf it whoa British yeah but I
wouldn't really zoomed in I first we
just came and almost hit that car up
there oh crap full one here and there it
is so give it a go figure out cuz like
frisbee golf to the left or right throw
it it is windy by the way
yeah way offbeat give her a go yeah
we're almost in the same spot second
shot
go Scott a little off target but oh I
read way in the dungeons that dungeons I
hate you when I win okay ah go cheese
all right here we go I don't know if we
can stand much longer hear that thunder
oh but that's really cool about this
course is that us how in nature I can
see called Cottonwood Park if you live
in Colorado
come take a gander at it we trying to
find hope
man Bhushan will break out here while
people are playing frisbee golf just
like hide in these bushes or something
really can you first-person mode don't
show me your best throw and form I might
have to try that all right show us your
best frisbee golf maneuver first
okay no one far that's like if you're a
close shot oh yeah that makes sense
okay let's go hole three hey sister
here's this charting point there's the
whole I think hey butt out of the way
will smack in the face you're right in
where the hole is dude we're teeing off
okay all right
there's cool walking paths I'm going
left handed for this shop browse if
you're into airsoft this would be a
perfect place for an airsoft floor
seriously open battlefield base over
there base over the hill or around here
okay let's just say abandoned ship it
was raining okay kind of cold and been
during out and everybody's leaving hot
dog toys to piss can't see him but
that's the worst part about Colorado I
just start raining I know where but I
did beat you if that's the best thing
wool will low there Sonny
I like how andrew has a camper in his
front yard
what is this
are you having camping trips out here in
the in the driveway what horrible
sleeping here cuz my grandma and my aunt
are visiting Oh in other news I wanted
to point out that Andrews finally
getting new internet but yeah Andrews
Internet has been literally like point
five megabytes per second for all you
techies out there that is really slow
uploading a YouTube video would take all
night to upload here I know that's what
I did for all the vlogs that Justin was
gone for I login and upload go to bed in
the morning you'd be done so now finally
regular speed here yeah welcome in other
news the 21st century Andrew got this
for his birthday as you know we like
real life so we're playing real life
roulette now
so here's Andrews just like a dealer
good luck on the e Wald's casino as your
own guys welcome eat you all's casino
I'm sorry place your bets sir good
this is roulette no taki read 32 yeah I
say one you I'm sorry that to buy 20
chips oh sorry
all sir I'd like to buy some chips
please fifty cents yeah I'm fine
yeah well everybody welcome to the
casino
no more bets hi guys welcome to year I'm
gonna be your host Gilroy look a big
dumb Buford just Ginny in the rain
Buford get in your house Baron sizes a
soccer game so you're gonna try and win
today Aaron's trying to lose bets
hurry up Scotty
each that the data that that today there
oh I mean I there's something down here
hey bud hey bud
where she can smile Andrew I think we
should make a video doing that let us
know dress up as old people
- oh how much does it go back
we're going away I'm going to Aaron
soccer game and I'm going to eat he's
don't eat all so tomorrow we're going
back up to Denver for the last time yes
we'll bring vlog along we're getting
everything out it'll be a fun vlog also
Saturday we're going to casino staying
the night
so that's too sweet vlogs in a row get
excites get excited you're with Brittany
again and guess what we're doing again
eating a game we don't usually do this
but we got a lot of gifts we have a buy
one get one right here and I have a free
one on my card so yeah free and free how
can you pass that up okay we all eat
whether on camera off camera we choose
to fill it okay I'm probably not gonna
bring in the camera just cuz just please
don't unsubscribe because I'm not
filming the food cuz last night we got
caught because Justin was filming there
oh yeah I get the manager told like our
server he's like they're filming the
biscuits I'm really nervous I was
recording a biscuit like whatever right
now me and Burt are looking through all
the vinyls because we're decorating our
office and we're going to be putting in
finals all over the wall and what place
to go to Goodwill
who has on for like a couple blocks each
pretty cool
no got to return some stuff from our
wedding because we got a lot of gifts
that are the same things evening what we
really appreciate ya mom for bedspreads
now because we need a new one for our
big yeah we still have a high school
bedspread what no you just got back from
the gym got a good workout in after that
Mambo burrito and uh if I were to film
that seriously I was probably the best
burrito I've ever had at Qdoba let me
just tell you I got K so walk what it
was called was a queso Diablo chicken
burrito with guac and we both got it and
it was just so good why don't you tell
him about what happened to your burrito
okay well I don't get usually as much as
Justin but this time like my burrito
like ripped in part like glitter gave
birth to everything I put my burrito and
and so I had to get two tortillas so
they had a double wrap my burrito but
her burrito is huge it was like bigger
than Justin's like for once like
man versus but you didn't finish it for
the record I I know I have to just meet
the rest of my yeah I finished it
forever but yeah thanks for watching
today's blog guys and we will see you
tomorrow okay
