Wow guys welcome back I hope you're
doing great guys we have a vlog today we
have never done before we saw this idea
from somebody else on YouTube and we
thought ma'am we want to try that so it
is a great idea that actually involves
you guys so if you are following us on
Instagram you probably participated in
this little challenge written right
today here's your usernames right now
cuz we'll do this again you don't want
to miss your chance to participate
here's how it works
Andrea and I are going to post something
on our Instagram stories like for
example the first thing we're gonna do
is go get some lunch right but you guys
are going to decide everything we do so
we're gonna be like we're gonna leave a
pull on our story being like what should
we get for lunch guys either Asian or
American food and then you guys vote and
within five minutes we choose whichever
option has more votes who knows what's
gonna happen to today what are we gonna
start with we need some lunch all right
watch your phone and ask them
so Andrew and I just posted yes now we
just gotta post the first poll are you
ready okay so either American or Asian
food is that the to deciding options
we're gonna start easy I just gotta say
as well if you guys haven't seen the
Instagram feature where you can do a
poll it is so cool
such a great idea so Andrews doing the
first question what do we got for lunch
American or Asian I just added it to my
story so web first one there it is
we'll see what the votes are in a couple
minutes what is your hope man I'm
feeling Asian that's what I want yeah
yeah I feel like Asian too
we'll see
get in the car preparing for the first
venture which is starting the car I
guess so 68 votes for American 54 for
Asian guess we're going American alright
since the verdict was American we
couldn't think of a place any more
American that bad daddy's burgers yeah
Wow but what we're gonna eat that's the
whole other surprise coming up soon
okay guys so we're looking at the menu
or each choosing something different
haven't you guys vote for us I chose
either the fried pickles or green chili
tots what you choose the smokehouse or
the western Buffalo we got five minutes
I know
he's voted for you so thanks guys this
was a close one
only three votes separated the final
decision
smokehouse burger it is it's yours to
get fried pickles I kinda wanted the
tots for but alright the folks are in
they got more people want me to do fried
pickles
on Friday night
I don't get the smokehouse that's it
while we're waiting for food I just
watched another fan try not to laugh
challenge Jacob Schwartz he sent it to
us on Twitter you almost got me bro but
I held it together
I laughed once during Austin with the
magnifying glass yeah those challenges
are fun but anyways here we go guys I
got the fried pickles this is look that
does not look good you're gonna try what
no that looks good thank you good good
job guys
but looks pretty good they're not as bad
as I thought that kind of look gross but
we have left a quick lunch and we have
driven over here to our local mall
because there's a store in here and we
have a really funny idea so let's go
inside
all right we're at the place guys custom
t-shirts yes tell them what we're doing
so I'm gonna come up with two phrases
and he's gonna come over to
and we're gonna ask you guys like which
phrase we should get for a t-shirt that
we had to wear the rest of the vlog so
I'm gonna come up once my his shirt is
gonna come up once for my shirt what is
it gonna be so here's what I just did
for Andrew these are the two options and
we're not gonna reveal these until we
actually put on the shirt
I hope the left one wins I'll show you
guys as you can't see yet there we are
the five-minute deadline is key because
sometimes like the decision keeps going
like one way or the other so we had to
cut it off yeah right for the food it's
like it was for me I was like one burger
and then one burger and then one burger
in the one where guy or back and forth
but it was just pickles all the way for
you I know yeah at one point it was the
other burger for a little bit yeah only
like 10 minute they were tied for a
while so let's check in on the pole see
I guess we'll see what it is in a couple
minutes
all right you guys have spoken this one
which one won this one on the right I
hope a lot of people are like ask you
about your t-shirt I don't think
anyone's gonna ask you about yours have
you guys seen this before this is our
thing nitrogen ball things
really and may come back all right
they're going to work how long until the
search of them no more than 10 15
minutes perfect
yeah and you'll see what you guys don't
see what I got the shirts are done yes
so do we have to go to the bathroom put
them on and then
once we walk out we see what it is sure
I've got our shirts put them on in the
bathroom and then come on back out so we
haven't seen our shirts yet so yeah you
don't look down all right go ahead and
look at it
I hope somebody has asked you maybe
maybe you guys in voted Solomon we both
did similar one so you know what are
some varieties but we haven't left the
restroom area so we haven't gone out
into the real world that are you ready
I'm nervous I hope somebody's like
bathrooms right over here
time for some snacks
thank you
we want to hear your turtle impression
since you made a sure about it here what
if my tur impression is beaut
yeah it's he okay he's fine he's fine
turtle
have you guys tried these I never even
seen this before I've heard of it it's
never experimented
are you okay
it burned my hand
shooting your nose
you drive isn't it cold but you'll have
a new challenge how many can you eat eat
at once that's right perfect
strangest thing
what burns my teeth
hey man
please use my tongue the strangers
waiting sir
before we continue on a test I have to
say don't ever try those dragon ball
things my tongue was literally bleeding
stop bleeding now but literally I think
they're good if you want to bleed what
are you doing now guys we want to do
some sort of challenge but where do we
do it at we got to ask you guys Walmart
drive-thru ones boast you decide you're
typing it out we do the challenge there
we go
all right we'll see what they say five
minutes those are two good options so
either way is a win-win but what are you
gonna pick the challenge what will the
challenge be as well I don't know the
results are in what are we doing 59% say
Walmart ah okay let's go inside to see
what happens
sure all right guys we're in Walmart and
we're actually gonna go live on
Instagram to ask one of you what we
should do as a challenge or a dare or
something how are you gonna choose
somebody you're just gonna randomly like
scroll it's checking connection all your
life
I'm live Oh guys well we are currently
in Walmart looking to do some sort of
challenge or a dare we're gonna probably
in a minute
choose one of you and you have to give
us a challenge to do a wall right in
here so make it has to be a clean goofy
challenge or like a dare dare something
else something along those lines but
we'll go live with you yo we got our
first guest we can kind of hear I think
it's only going through the earpiece
okay what's the challenge um to shout I
need to find my dad immediately I like
that that's a good idea even okay we'll
do that
I do okay I've been in the vlog awesome
shout to ethan man that's a good one
all right thanks so we both have to not
whisper shout
I need to find my dad immediately we're
going to do this in different parts of
the store but you have to do it by
somebody yeah are you ready we found the
victim
I have to find my dad and immediately
dad
well that was awkward
yeah cuz I am also writing this shirt
okay we're gonna go to a different part
of the store and then I'm gonna yell it
okay he's going
what
oh I thought your real dad I'm not I'm
looking for my dad right they thought
you were like their friend yelling dad
dad well so other people do that too
they yelled dad when they're trying to
find each other right the only awkward's
yeah yeah I call them now guys this has
been a fun vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
this new style that we did make sure you
guys follow us on Instagram because this
is the first of many in this series yeah
we have another idea a big skill version
okay you guys pick where we fly games oh
but that's just a hint of what's to come
so this is like a teaser yeah but also
leave your comments down below of more
ideas for the next episode of yeah I'll
see you guys back here bye everybody
