well howdy everybody and welcome back to
more J still hey guys ready for today's
vlog I am because guess what ever since
I was a kid I have been wanting to get
where we're about to get for today's
vlog I'm not kidding I remember Erin had
a pair when he was little I never got a
pair and we're like we're a dozen it's
Healy's those are guys they're kind of
like older now I don't see too many
people wearing them but they make them
for adults too so we're gonna buy out
and show you guys let's go inside to get
them all so we're here at the Citadel
mall because I actually think any stores
sold these shoes but we called and
there's a store here that does sell them
and I think has our size journeys
apparently they have them where the heel
is at well we're not here for cool shoes
we're here for even cooler yeah do you
got a pair yeah oh yeah that's what I'm
talking about
that's the most here
oh these are fresh oh I got the kind of
kind of kind of camera mode yeah yeah
Wow I'm serious guys we are going to
make Healy's cool
you ain't heard of Healy's Andrew
explain it because maybe people don't
know what they were talking about dude
these are so popular in like middle
school so check it on the back
you put a wheel in here and you can just
roll around you don't need that it heals
up and you go go Swink
yeah two wheels you can ride around in
stores in the mall
I always remember like going around the
stores and looking at kids like driving
by and I was like mom please I don't
know how you never got it but a 24 now
and it's time to buy them because I
thought they were popular so like I just
want to follow trends now it's not a
trance so what'd you find this smallest
pair of baby Tim's ever what you're
gonna get your son yeah I promise these
are 50 bucks come on just get him like
the ugh version why is this 50 bucks why
is this 90 bucks
like it says 40 it kind of looks like my
hand is bigger than the shoe that's
ridiculous - she just said they don't
have 9 style man haha actually if you
got Halley's any designs cool let's be
honest try this bad boy
interesting is your toe at the end very
much
oh and you got the wheels even -
describe need a 12 a 12
okay they got 9 in the black and white
that'll do is try
oh yeah
geez okay Mitch Shu do you guys like
more do you like camo mode what do you
like the black and white classic you
decide leave a comment let us know we'll
take up
she said yes so we put them on in this
door right here on the wall you have to
try them out can you give us a lesson on
how to install these since you got a
pair you have to take these out so this
is what this is for it helps you take
this out okay so it's pretty easy yeah
okay well let's buy him and put him on
there we go oh yeah
plop the wheel in there best Christmas
ever
lace them up captain you got it I might
do something with the laces like put
them on the inside so you don't see like
the ties true that oh your different
laces and I do I know you guys you got
like the sport style I feel like cuz he
look guys like the wheels are right on
the bottom this is gonna be insane
you want to give it a try jeez
well alright that we're on carpet too
once we get on this floor this is going
to be like ice rink zone whoa this is so
weird walking
when she's not driving I'm trying to
figure out how to use like hard to
balance so you just kinda clift up on
your yeah then I start rolling backwards
okay I just give it a go what here's how
you can pack see you're just doing put
one foot up and use the other
push yeah say I'm accessing I can't feel
me do it yeah I don't want you to fall
over fam I think I subtly got it guys
ready
yes yeah
yeah who invented these shoes that was a
good idea wheels in the back of our
shoes because you can't like you can't
make people take these off in public
because they're your shoes
they got wheels on them Oh
they get a nice dully shot too because
of these oh yeah but everyone's looking
at us so on
like oh say in the middle school for us
this is just completely
yeah oh yeah yeah back in middle school
younger days but they make them for
adults as well for a reason whoa I'm
going top speed folks see ya they see
him roll now we're trying out some
tricks to see if there's any tricks we
can actually do with Healy's this is the
ollie give it a shot
oh geez what first-person Olli are we
ready whoa wait just be quiet
Jessie what do we do ramps and grinds
and stuff with our shoes all right
the only downside of these shoes is when
you're just walking around it kind of
sounds like high heels and kind of feels
like that too you look like you only
bring these out when you're like going
to the ball or something like that where
you're not just like walking for fun
yeah what are you doing hey before we
head to the skate park guys we need some
coffee
we're gonna get energized dutch bros and
we're gonna show them our Keeley's by
the way show me your dealies you want to
see my Healy's we're bringing Healy's
back
Dutch bros Healy's skatepark I think we
fit right in
who remembers when we came here with the
bubble ball back in the day and pushed
who was a random guy off the bubble ball
off the huge halfpipe it feels fresh
makes me nervous though now you got to
try and go go up and then around how
high can you go and then they drop in oh
this is a Kili drop best boomerang on
Instagram right epic follow us by the
way love you names thanks bye bye I'm
going to the top
see how scary it looks whoa dude this is
scary I don't even know if this is
possible has anyone ever dropped in on
Healy's without blasting their head open
that's way too scary not a chance maybe
I'm that one there would be like 0.5 oh
you could probably go down on your butt
but that still would hurt so we're gonna
try a few things we're gonna see if we
can go down little Hills like this cuz
that's a big one and then this is a very
big skatepark so there's many things we
could try are you giving it a try okay
commit
oh hey yeah BAM oh geez this one's too
big we got there watching us I think
they kind of want Healy's drop in dog
who's impressed oh yeah justin is going
for some mad Healey height check this
off we just made up that from Ely height
Huey height off this ramp oh whoa whoa
guys what's mr. cracker doing oh no oh
you guys how far you can go
alright you go I love challenges
not bad
being the bro got a quick question I
don't know where we can get any wheels
and what do you recommend what kind of
wheels you got for bearings Mary's I
know you ride a bike but do you have any
better recommendations for wheels for
these you find something like any kind
of ceramic or acrylic bearing okay okay
throw those in there if they're good
like the Poggi yeah whoo that's the best
advice we've got thank you all right oh
we're going fast in the parking lot
right the other mall now cuz we want to
go to the skate shop and see if they got
any epic wheels or bearings that may
work the mall is the best place to wear
heels just oh my gosh
oh my goodness no I'm part of the Huy
gang heart thanks like it subscribe
skate shop oops
bro on in those take a special bearing
you may have a wheel folks through this
new never summer board is dope no seemed
pretty small it let me see that again
or can you pop out your wheel oh so you
guys may be able to yeah we'd have to
pop that up let's try if it's a regular
skate bearing you could you could go
Swiss ceramics $125 yes yeah so I got
the details seems like we should be able
to get regular sized bearings maybe
ceramics we just have to take our
bearings apart so we got to get a
special tool yeah so we may have to get
a different blog and he told us they
have a hundred and twenty-five dollar
bearings that are like insanely powerful
yeah those are the ceramic ones so if
you guys like this idea like this blog
you know leave a like let us know you'll
keep upgrading and modding behavior yeah
healing mods what do you think I think
it'd be awesome I'm 26 by the way this
is the end of the video guys make sure
you leave a like and let's try to get to
5,000 likes get to 5,000 we're gonna do
the part to where we buy the upgraded
bearings for the shoes no one's ever
done this I don't think and many more
mods to come leave a comment to if
there's any other mods you can come up
with
we hope you laughed today make sure you
laugh daily cuz it's important and we'll
see you back here tomorrow bye
