what's up beans read the dollar store
right now our Dollar Tree we're going in
to get some supplies for a new prank
video let's hope they have it we found
what we were looking for my last success
scratch even though the dollar store is
a dollar store everything's a dollar
doesn't mean it's always better I'm just
saying some of this stuff is bit yikes
and the serving size is terrible toast
and pop-ups see you can go at these they
taste the same
that's probably pop-tarts but you know
some dollars for a brand instant coffee
that's kind of sketch doesn't even look
like coffee grounds it kind of looks
like like a fungi all right better get
in line beans uber off-brand mac and
cheese this I'd be so yummy to put on
like burgers tell everybody the prank
who wants to have sword battles with
wine glasses oh it's one year glass
breaks is when you can stab the other
person it'll be a funny prank I promise
we just got to the mall to begin
pranking but look who it is the police
department he's okay
I want to show you has this cool car
whoa have you ever seen a paint job like
this no it's really cool
I never realized on the front
are they like hippies or I don't know
all right so we've been pranked in the
mall for a little bit been quite
successful actually I've been using this
cup here and now we're taking a break
but guess what so they have chick-fil-a
here in the trashcan you guys know when
we got a chick-fil-a we are always
trying to get the receipts look what I
found one two three
receipt for enjoy a free chicken
sandwich on us hurry on a garbage can so
I'm quite quite happy right now we're
gonna finish eating and then probably
bring some more so
hey guys we're at a brand new location
that we've never filmed that before a
school we're waiting for school to get
out so we can go prank yes this is where
my brother goes to high school so it's
pretty big high school and we're gonna
fit right in can't you tell you look
like high schoolers even though we're
like way in college waiting College I
did shave this morning so I look like a
baby fees oh we also want to do a prank
where we're a substitute teacher
maybe happen someday keep her hopes up
we actually got inside but pretty cool
here this brings back so many memories
doesn't it for you oh because I go to
this school so but yeah hey guys and
Andrew really wanted me to film this
intro what you just got a letter
wonder who it's from stop I forgot so
hair my mail times my mail time tank top
that looks like blue stop
gimme candy you got your thumb socks
now get thumb famous looks like this is
some wars literally like a thumb wars
boxing how to use the power of your
thumb socks to stop texting and driving
what a villain dad why first of all this
is from Cameron
more characters whoa
we're rich dad little said this is put
money in the for Andrew to go bald 500
hack given this is one gut sorry sick
and put on her car key car what hey
today's well he didn't have time okay
from Dylan Justin and your caviar my
favorite youtubers he found us from keV
thanks cuz good and he loves our pranks
Andy please go bald bolt I'm telling
your number one fan here to join me Oh
Dylan oh oh I like those colors those do
look cool let's go well together
thanks Dylan here so there's more the
only bad thing is we can't have I sexy
autograph it because he moved out so I
say didn't know that yet so this letter
no return envelope or I dress I mean
it's from Tampa and there's only one
thing in here this picture or like some
kind of rabbit dog in here oh wait one
more clue a clue a clue
it says Kevin don't read fine don't like
keV read uh hey Justin Andy I'm huge fan
to watch your videos for a long time
while falling burping hoeing every day I
watch your vlogs yes and gaming vids can
i buy degraaf's yes this done goes to
the ball to andy foundation oh it's good
we need an extra time for that this is
from your buddy bro Joey
Justin bald Indian kids like a midget
thanks bro this next letter is from Eric
death Justin danger here's some money
for the Baldy
people bald and then the steaming pile
of poo I watched your videos ever since
eating library I hope you guys liked my
drawing I did geez
oh those logos that's cool that's kind
of like cheetah that is nice very
lattice thank you Erica from Nolan
there's two quarters in here yes I love
your videos I hope you put this in your
fan mail video do another goofing off
the skate park here's 50 cents for ball
bandy
Thank You Nolan this 50 Cent's I will be
using on the ball dandy foundation I
promise you better he used it for that
bit
hello Bothell and diddle thick
my name is rose I've been watching your
videos for a long time now and you guys
are hysterical yeah okay anyways what is
on the back that's cool acai curd dog or
sometimes oh yeah I love justice videos
little poster there he's holdin thanks
rose for the letter Thank You rose oh oh
hi $2,000
Oh like a bald head on this you can feel
it that's funny
that looks way better don't you think
yeah I like it you can either be bald or
not politic whoops
okay what's the letter say oh hey Justin
and Andrew here's $5,000 football dandy
I was wondering if all three guys could
sign the piece of paper i sat in the
back Jase to Hue this is from grant
Thank You branch
oh please read on the applause burp oh
ye howdy
is that a corporation I don't know but
here's you and me the Hank for a
registry hey was this we're sending you
this letters you know if I just
I've been reached an excellent amount of
hawaii's for the amount month of August
oh crap you're very sad that I should
know this but we would also like to
inform Kevin that his Hawaii levels are
running slightly low we have included
boy egg coupons at the bottom of this
letter for him to ensure that it reaches
the quota for the month aside from that
we would like to let you guys know that
we've been watching your internet
uploaded and ppph and 54 files for quite
some time every video you guys up with
is funny and goofy of itself
keep your first we keep making yummy
pranks I'm so glad we got five coupons
you can use it anytime you want just a
Hawaii thank you whoever it is thanks
yeah
very few youtubers have made me laugh as
much as you guys have um but if both of
you guys on your vlog wish my sister
happy birthday her name is Ashley well
happy birthday Ashley I know we're late
but happy birthday Ashley we're late but
it's okay we live in Colorado - really
oh yes thank you actually for the nice
letter you're welcome tie-dye Editions
whoa oh whoops
dear Jace you and Kevin me and my
brother have been watching you guys for
about a 1 year now and have not been
disappointed once yes sorry for the
spelling we're not that good at English
from Louis and Oliver from England ah
well thanks for sending us a mic
pitchblack over here
thanks for sending us on PS show on
camera please
you know PSS Justin's getting married a
day after Lucis birthday so good luck
there's a picture of a falling
businessman Siri in the library prank
calling what that is some kind of hand
dry-ice prank though what you're new you
see shish kebab and Jacob
she's the picture this picture good of
itself whoa cool
whoa who did this that's a bald Andy
pulling things with his hair get that
camera vlogs videos funny loud hashtag I
thought that said the ice-t whisper man
Jiro this would have taken forever who
did this
that's seriously so good welcome I was
on YouTube bored one day and I came
across your videos I fell in love
mmm my mom Emma PS Baldini PSS if you're
keeping if you keep if you keeping
eating all that food you'll get fat
no PSS can you send me your signatures
thanks yes whenever chubby Thank You
Emma
that was I love that drawing that's
awesome that's a keeper right there dear
Justin and Andrew this is Brandon I love
your videos I'm sixty and you're my
inspiration
it's from neon gaming and he wants us to
mention that and we did yes Andrew you
have to share with Justin sorry no give
it whoa that's sick what's it like what
kind of Tyrael is that it's a rock stab
things fell off bro I'm I don't know if
it was on purpose but this is epic yeah
this is Brandon something to hang around
oh man I'm gonna eat some starburst now
oh no you're not sorry bursar such a
yummy candy snack what is your favorite
flavor of starburst I absolutely hate
the red ones but other ones are good so
no no no no no no ice cream date nobody
night with Britt what so now that we're
back at home chilling watching Parent
Trap cuz it's on Netflix got some just
good ice cream Brett went to the store
and bought some ice cream so very good
wife you get a gold star for doing that
and don't judge me for my clothes right
shirt we're not Oh Mickey I'm just gonna
chill the rest night and a new prank
tomorrow I finished editing it and I
think you guys are gonna like it so just
be on the lookout all right
