what's up guys this morning and we're
going to IHOP for breakfast and guess
what what
for free haha if you sign up for their
rewards or whatever you get a free route
and tooty fresh and fruity pancakes
breakfast for free today yeah and
breakfast is on you guys aka hump
he made it to IHOP oh yeah holy busy we
definitely did not take into
consideration Sunday morning breakfast
folks so freaking lot is full also uh we
might look a little different also it
might look a little different but we
just got a bed and just came to IHOP so
okay so we just sat down and or week
meaning through each get a free meal let
me emphasize a meal because we both
printed it off turning circles fun trick
to do
what yes
whoa do that again okay for the other
I'm gonna do this right now ready
what you are cool it is
this guy's making sweet balloony out
breakfast is saved
chicken chorizo burrito would you get I
got a strawberry banana french toast so
it's pretty good let's dig in
alright so we ran out of toilet papers
so we're here at King Soopers buying
some toilet paper but not only are we
buying toilet paper we're making
snapchat vlogs so if you guys are
following us on snapchat you'll see some
of the funny stories we've made I ran
into a door Andrew what are you gonna do
find out soon I'm not gonna give away
the secrets yet yeah so the cops two of
them oh my goodness guys I'm back from
honeymoon real-life and we're already
back on the grind making more pranks I
look like a priest what are you wearing
no yeah I just want to point out a lot
of you guys are not a lot of you guys
but some of you people we're commenting
on Instagram pictures and Twitter and
stuff saying like this is the end of j
stu studios and no more vlogs no more
pranks slower uploads what do you guys
think getting married just means no more
work at all if anything even more work i
was thinkin sweaty because we already
said nothing was gonna change us I do
that as you didn't listen to what we say
yeah I saw those coming so
you're saying like you're gonna be
expecting more videos
we're gonna be going to film out like
every day except pale sometimes I'm
marrying the blogs
I'll have Brittany in the blogs more
it's just more involvement and more
content so if sports B be about now
but we're going out to film a video for
the mem tional let's me see it's nice
out it's a great day for filming
have full screen appearance releases yay
and just a hint I water filming you
can't even see what that hands
so that's about it hopefully we get
enough clips and see you guys soon now
that me and Andrea are basically moved
back down to Colorado Springs we're here
filming at the shops of briar gate which
is very beautiful area tons of shops
outside as you can see we've been here
before if you guys have seen our iPod
shuffles we've filmed a few scenes here
right over there and over at the
Starbucks but hopefully we'll find some
nice victims out here and roots getting
prepared this is gonna be okay this
outfit
Aaron have and he was like five and just
to let you know Aaron wasn't chubby so
if anything he was a skinny bean and so
now Andrews still is a skinny bean and
dressed to try and put this on
yeah we are like yoga pants look like
Darth Vader and yoga pants prank if you
guys saw the snapchat of Andrew running
around that's out yeah all right audio
test one
was it the force is strong with you ah
all right it's hot out here
was it worth it yes all right we just
finished shooting the Darth Vader
real-life video hopefully we got enough
clips we'll go home and edit and find
out I agree I think we did but how was
it it was easy and fine but the only
problem is it's so dang hot out here so
I know we have to wear this psych outfit
that doesn't even fit get all sweaty and
stinky yeah time for Sonic guys it's a
freaking hot out look a celestial
slushies they have they look delicious I
got this one blue raspberry nerds
doesn't look so good yes whoa dude this
is delish it's got real life nerds in it
dude
it feels like heaven really uh she's on
a hot day it just hits a spot Kemp Oh
alright guys forgot to film an ending
and forgot to film all the stuff that me
Brittany did today or this evening and
right now I've just been editing the
vlog and we're back home as you can see
Brittany here editing photos cuz she
does amazing photography but we're
living together now if you guys didn't
get the memo we're in our new home and
this is just the new life yeah you're
gonna get happy you're gonna have to get
used to this but we still have to clean
up its mess in here me and Brittany will
give you a full apartment tour as soon
as who knows when maybe a month from now
no whatever doesn't sets up the TV and
hangs that Balban thing yeah because we
have a lot of stuff to hang up over here
on the wall we're gonna be starting up a
channel for Brittany yeah so a lot of
cool stuff going on that you kinda don't
know about but anyways thanks for
watching today's vlog we're gonna be
trying to upload everyday I know this is
a lay upload but either way it's getting
uploaded so yeah and new prank this
Wednesday and jassu studios and i don't
think i have any other news for you
I'm guessing soon me and Brittany will
make like a video just talking about
things with me and her getting to know
us as a couple I don't know okay just
it's late we're gonna make videos and
you're gonna like them yeah I guess
we'll see you tomorrow have a good day
