sup guys it's time for some video games
with the real-life air and sights it is
me now I downloaded this game off the
PlayStation Store
it's called silent hill's for free demo
right now now I already played it and I
got scared and screamed very bad
I made a gameplay so this vlog is coming
up after the gameplay so it's already up
so you might have seen it I don't know
but my turn I guess Arizona playing the
only way we can play this it's in the
dark what you say that dun dun duh it's
very fuzzy in here alright it looks like
a scary movie this is how it starts
only dad
okay we're starting over because Aaron
just died I wasn't even filming but I
just tried to walk through the door and
some happened I got scared
Hindry did scream like a little girl
yeah I go slow the weirdest game I've
ever seen in my life yeah check out that
stuff for a second Oh how's that sound
I'm already scared now that I know what
happens it's freaky so that that door is
open
Oh jinkies okay we're done playing that
for now that was the scariest thing ever
Aaron's really sweating I jumped very
bad oh just like gets worse the more you
play it like I don't know those suspense
is killer it's become junky bill it's
time I go have some like ice cream or
something all right it's morning now and
I figured I'd show you guys at morning
routine video I've seen lots of those
before I try to check out my morning
routine
geesh but uh I'll show you guys my
morning routine okay
all right so right about now Justin I
would usually be going out pranking
making videos editing videos but he's
not home yet so I know what to do today
sup guys red chick-fil-a keV why no
chick-fil-a adventure yeah and here in
the sights
Aaron website trick play Sam angry mob
yeah proud of you always win
bullcrap sloggy style
alright so receive we're sitting here
eating chick-fil-a I want to be too loud
because he might hear me but the guy
came to give Kevin his milkshake and he
spilt it all over the camera I can't you
can't see the camera but it's got milk
shake on it
this footage might get corrupt now
you're fired alright we just finished
chick-fil-a we're just talking about all
the fun stuff we did in Denver while keV
was here haunted house snowboarding
music turning on randomly interrupting
this precious moment yeah we had a lot
of fun it was cool I liked it here and
good people good people I got to stay
with it meet so it's a little bit sad to
leave but at the same time it's exciting
I'm happy for the future and excited for
it I'm gonna see you guys in Norway so
it will secret Norway that very soon
which will be I don't even know what to
expect but it's probably fun oh it will
be okay we're here with Kevin Carter
a lot of co-anglers flowing there's all
like my clothes and my consoles and
stuff in the back Wow well me and just
like that it's time to go but yeah guys
this is it this is the end this Yin's it
just say one more and get that camera
out of my face
that camera on my freak I can't take
credit for those David Spade's yeah but
that doesn't thought it was David Spade
because like that's not the same so
people know you asked if that came out
of a face guy well it's been fun and I
have enjoyed being in the vlogs and
hanging out with these guys it's kind of
crazy it's like surreal I'm act like I
feel like I'm just gonna come back feel
like you're not actually leaving you're
just like doing your own room yeah I
just feel like I'm gone another trip and
I'll be back but this is it moving on
nothing full of it you're gonna move
back here I'm going back to Pittsburgh
but he'll be back for wedding so yeah
I'll be back he'll be back I'll see them
in Norway and I'll be back for the
wedding like next year probably just
can't I'll be back probably gildorf is
it dull let him fool you
yeah here we go here we can come out
visit you in Pittsburgh yeah ma'am maybe
whoa my way if you did know Kevin's
almost added million subscribers on
expert thief so whoo thank you guys for
the support if you're subscribed thank
you I predict Oh subscribe now and help
him get to a million he's gonna get it
very soon I'm milli a milli a milli a
milli on me I'm me a minute oh my gosh
Tom if I was over two days of just
driving 1,300 miles yep here we go have
fun your screws better fill up there
boss you better as a Leo you better like
ride a cow the rest of their some huh
nothing got a confident yes to ride a
cow to the gas station
I wish cab could have stayed but he has
to go he bought a condo so that'll be
fun his own place we can all go visit
him bye keV and then I was like leaning
backwards because of all the weight this
is the end of today's video sad to see
keV go but hey that's what life is about
change happens you just gotta roll with
it and be happy but we'll still see each
other still hang out every now and then
and
a game online so nothing to be too sad
about we're still bros but what you can
do is in the comments leave your
favorite experience or theme that we did
with keV I think I'll go first and my
favorite was going snowboarding that was
so fun and just had a great time so what
was your favorite thing that we did with
keV or the keV sad or just favorite
Kevin memory and on that we'll see you
guys on Monday bye
