hey guys so we're in Denver right now
filming on the iPhone so hopefully the
audio is okay because iPhone is not very
good but here with keV looking a bit wet
thirsty whoo did the ice bucket
challenge so yeah I just buy the
challenge in his engineer this is a mess
they filmed we dump the whole bucket of
yeah ice and that hole got blue bugger
it out there that wasn't hard and we
just dumped it on keV got a cold Hayes
we gotta be epic Harry take the bar we
got to raise it even if it means
destroying my room oh and all my
electronics ah yeah kind of I covered up
the Xbox looking as water droplets on it
I did that mm-hmm Mary and I are here
just to clear out a few things from the
apartment so we can move you got a lot
of stuff out already come in the bedroom
here as you can see it's coming along
nicely and we're selling the bunk beds
so if you're interested hit us up it's
like super empty in here makes me sad
but we also have to come up here and
vacuum and make it all nice and clean
before we move out so we'll have a one
more final vlog up here yes
hey guess what ah we're here at life
time I'm gonna get a haircut because you
can do that plus I got a coupon here $10
off because it's my birthday or it was
right back haircut is complete I looking
stellar today or what
you and we also that I'm a protein shake
it's called mocha madness you can get
peanut butter add it in and loads ding
good life timers has it all come get a
haircut workout protein right Mary's
house now and we're gonna have a water
balloon fight whoa jeez much power too
much power but it's just me and Airy
having wonderful advices can be kind of
fun but it's gonna be fun she's gonna
get dominated do you guys ever like
stand in the wind and let the wind blow
up in your shirt make it look like
you're a huge chubby whoa two four six
lose this is taking forever how have you
guys seen that new that new invention
that guy came out with think you can do
like a hundred water balloons on once
you just shake in they all pop off hi
they're tight already that would be epic
to have right now why didn't you buy
that my his mom she said she didn't
think they're out yet laughs but it was
my birthday her stash so we're gonna
play water blasters it's pretty kid all
right we're here we put the camera on a
tripod so you can watch this battle and
that's the playing field
what about psycho
Wow okay I think I might have lost why'd
you hit me there okay I had so many I
just kind of like sarahott hurt Oh
having some more often yeah anyways it's
time for a shower and then we'll do
something else all right we're done
having fun in the water ice bucket
challenge water balloon fight and we're
back to my parents house and as you all
know since we're moving out of the
apartment and Justin Brittany got their
own place I'm going to be moving back in
with my parents for one year so we're
going to show you guys a little room
tour okay there's the basement walk down
this way and come on in
oh hello so yeah this is the room we've
got the desk here with a cool lamp and a
computer which we were uploading right
now and there's just Broncos stuff
television a couch my favorite person
ever
Beauford ha here's my bed and the
nightstand so well I kind of made it I
thought ah I like pillows that's
basically gonna be the living area for
the next year not bad
it's a pretty big room I guess Mary and
I actually like does I design this whole
bedroom because this basement wasn't
finished
and Mary and I painted all these walls
there's like kind of brown texture
things so you can say and kind of build
this so it's custom-designed room by
me if you guys need any custom-designed
rooms let me know are you aware that you
were challenged to do the ice bucket
challenge hmm are you happy about that
getting it ready you are are you ready
to accept the challenge you are you want
to nominate somebody first
who booms it okay he's gonna nominate
spirit your dog Luda and the bunny flash
that's okay
sit down sit down you ready damn right
good sit your bird you did it good boy
are you happy he's back in his tail
she's like I did all that for one treat
it's worth it it was worth it come on
man
Mary's practicing longboard I'm just
filming like your your feet postures you
have some excellent Footwear as well
okay we're back at Mary's house was
running her brother little man over to
play and have dinner at my house it's so
scary
do another one put it on ooh Go Go Go
dog doesn't want the ball time to do
some workout
put your legs no it's your back now do
some curls did it did it did it
ah time for dinner was a big bite eat
okay it's a beautiful picture you guys
at what's that a lie huh Oh in another
you're lying
sounds good ah that's mine let's see
your best line well that about does it
for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed it
tried to make it as entertaining as
possible and today it wasn't the most
exciting day but hey we had fun so I'll
see you guys tomorrow
you
