guys hello again and welcome back to
another vlog here we're at the apartment
we're all finally here together Andrew
are you frozen Oh what happened but show
them what you have guys you know we're
about the free food so yes okay see how
it's like two noodles well that's
because it's a fine one get one free
what no way I got this so so that equals
free food I'm not going to get it right
now and then we're gonna film some prank
probably also we're starting to do
on-the-go vlogs via snapchat so if you
guys want to follow us you can and ruses
guys it's me Andy oh yeah guys it's me
Andy and mine's just my username on
everything it's Justin Stuart so if you
guys want to come stop by yeah oh
there's his name oh there's mine it's
just in Stuart yes hey I saw making a
vlog while making a snapchat vlog
welcome the weather outside is frightful
and the clouds are so delightful so
anytime you got a burp just let it go
let it go
oh but yeah it's it's been raining here
in Colorado like the whole weeks but I
wonder why you guys know this whole week
is gonna be my last basically full week
in Denver because as you know in less
than two weeks I'm getting married and
this week I'm just getting like hanging
out and you have to bring all my stuff
down to the springs and
the next week we're going to Waterworld
and we have to pick up our weddings like
attire so it's kind of crazy it's weird
but I saw a lot of people commenting on
like pictures and Twitter no nothing's
really gonna change we're still gonna be
making vlogs and pranks so don't worry
folks yeah nothing's gonna change from
vlogs or pranks and to be honest things
are gonna get a bit more serious so more
praying some of Long's just we have
arrived no the line is out the door this
sucks
hey guys
the food has arrived that looks
delicious as usual here's mine
delicious here's the sacred worms that's
okay it's good it's gonna be gone though
in here about five seconds okay ready
countdown three two one it's all gone
it's all gone boys and girls we didn't
film the ending of the food listen to my
tummy now we're gonna do a prank
okay Siri prank ha okay come along with
us films my mom used to do that to me
when I was little she he'd nope there's
still room in there I can hear it oh
really
yeah I just get punched if you didn't
finish your food yes I'm full we just
got done pranking here at the Denver
library which is right there four
stories tall I think we got enough
footage we'll have to edit and find out
yeah but it's super nice out here like
they must have done this summer is just
making it even
beautifuller than it was before do you
want to tell them
yes oh yeah go ahead and tell him by the
way we're not well we stopped kind of
mid filming of a Serie in the grocery
store because it was not working
we did get some kind of clips nobody was
reacting which was very annoying so we
decided to do a wrong teacher idea again
we switched plans which is a good thing
which is cool since just never mind this
building right here looks like the
president's house see whoa what in the
world is this wings of the Rockies
there's soldiers Andrew your big heads
in the way you jerk looks like there's
some sort of farmers market ooh
salsa peaches they have everything here
man this whole place right now
it's outdoors and it's really cool and
there's Kevin I love it here let's check
it out
goodbye how inks who turned up the jams
over jams over here den an intent that
did just pop right let's say copyright
Pizza Pizza VP Big Daddies pizza gala
daddy
hey there's pizza in the oven the pizzas
in the oven I have to change my shirt
for more relaxation me too because it's
9:40 here also also I checked the more
peal box we checked our PA box again and
boom
letters just so you know guys if anyone
sends us like non fan mail stuff it will
be in the trash aka depends just so you
know this looks like it's from John
Sampson this is for Kevin Kevin go to
watch our safari also put autograph
all right Wow okay that must not be the
first Wow
bubbly your videos are awesome
keep them coming PS smack cam Kevin no
offense to him please my address is
forget it
PPP s make a vlog at water Safari we're
back is water Safari o PP PS this is
from New York hmm thanks John thank you
now the reason why we're doing fan mail
and miss vlog as opposed to last wash
because this meal that Nick hit in the
last video make sense it's like his day
camp like his survivors died so I just
roll on back days messages from the
session his letter says I'm telling you
all this because I start watching your
videos it made me feel much much more or
less depressed and instead almost a
feeling of a new life wow I'm glad we
could make give you a new life and feel
less depressed that's why we make the
videos we do to make you guys happy
yes Phil nuggets Hawaii so shout-out to
Darius we didn't read it all cuz it's a
lot and it's just just for us not
viewable there is a sticker in here that
says bones on it oh nice
let's forget boarding Justin and I think
here is really funny and is this weird
if I watch you guys blogs when I'm about
to go to sleep no no I would watch a lot
of videos when I go to sleep PS pants
Andy no trust me I'll get it but
probably on camera it's a GPS if you
film that like camera I will unsubscribe
thank you for the letter Michael thank
you Michael more awesome bracelets don't
break it
how is this like a finger bracelet or
does it actually fit on hand a blank
piece of paper
oh yeah yeah what oh we got to make a
whole wall place I really love your
videos in price please send back down
the paper with the autographs no you can
pick one of the braces of one for Justin
and one free angry Andrew put on your
bracelet I know that looks good
Thank You Liz black brothers apparently
black brothers I am with sexy sexy hey
you guys do the best pranks and I
especially love the dryest prank I like
that one too I found out about you guys
become keV I have $1,000 for Andy to go
bald oh yes I'd like an autograph okay
with $1,000 frames he did not lie thank
you sir Pizza Pizza break are we having
a pizza break how's it look you're gonna
burn the camera how close I am it's not
burning eats a break in the pizza break
pizza Pete eyes easy a talking about
that pizza and a heart just hit Andrew
and the fiance's okay show it for it
it's a heart Oh other way other way
yes
fast I have been having a tough time
with my life and you guys and know how
to cheer me up mine I'm going to sign in
keep it thanks Troy for the drawings
Thank You Troy tada
whoa I'm feeling he wants us to sign
this no yes
Justin Andrew his name's Carson 13 year
old 13 years old he's been watching
every day since 30k Wow Wow
he always laughs interviews and blogs he
watches her yay Vosges his user name is
Huy egg Wow Danny is this nice return on
book
dude you're you were rocking it for 13
Thank You Carson he says he's the number
one fan so thank you Jimmy yeah that's
good it's very good my name is Cherokee
I'm 11 years old I wish I found her
channel sooner they're hilarious is that
to change to studios oh that is rad
Damon make sure the cool letter and the
package I just want to point out the
fact you guys are like celebrities to me
thank you so much for writing us a
letter let's see what you have inside
what we about to experience you have no
idea where the balance of a happen whoa
that is legit did you make that an art
class or something
when I was making this JCCC this thing
for you in my ceramics class at school
everyone in my class was like who what
is Jace you Studios you should
definitely have gotten an A in ceramics
class for that that's awesome
Sarah you rock thank you tell your class
that we enjoyed this I think we're gonna
pit sonow and chill out but thanks for
watching today's vlog and we'll see you
guys on Instagram Twitter snapchat and
vine in the AVO bye
