hey guys we're back for another episode
of fan mail as you can see we have this
and this yeah but we always start with
the envelopes and then move on to the
big big news all right so we kind of got
a lot so we're gonna do it make it
similar to the last video hopefully to
make it not too long so let's start with
the first letter here thanks mailbox
we just got a letter we just got a
letter
we just got a letter we just got a
letter wonder boots first letters from
Cohen Garrett Cohen
hey Jeff sandy eleven videos guys you
make me and my brothers laugh every time
you watch one of your new videos I am
seven years old can I have an autograph
seven and you do a picture of Justin oh
just me thank you
thanks Garrett there's something that's
seeping through this know what it is
friend and as you can see something's
happening looks like this theme this
better not be a prank
oh why what happened bitch Oh what is
that is it smell yeah I don't know what
that is
Oh oh my gosh dude Justine and Rihanna
kiss enjoy these cool snacks from Nova
how am I supposed to eat do you like
what they all got disintegrated use gum
really doobs and Rachel huh okay well
there is a letter at least maybe this
explains Oh more crap I think Ron Paul
Johnson 12:3 bananas I love our videos
can you send us some of those heavy-duty
diapers those would be really helpful
so they have some questions for us so
they like to be answered okay do you
burp at the neighbors frequently yes yes
why don't you go to King Soopers anymore
we do we every day look haka in to us
pantalones esta en fuego
si refried or baked beans baked baked
paper or plastic paper paper why is it
Audrina bald yet because he sat at a
million subscribers he will go bald so
alright if you don't remember that 1
million subscribers and I wonder where
that letters from okay uh five of
diamonds Justin you should egg Andrew my
name is I Zack or Isaac however you want
to pronounce it just wondering if you
could read this on a vlog thank you hi a
mission accomplished
yeah we've got Justin says sup guys
Kevin shut up
Chloe that has a beautiful theme that
basically how life is yep good job there
letter for Justin and ruin not keV from
Nick PS if Andy goes bald we'll give him
a tic-tac yes what is that hey hash
brown Bob and Sally beans this is your
number one fan my name is yes thank you
for making me haha a lot sometimes one
time I haha so hard I did a little jig
that made me scared please my favorite
food is pizza and you
you guys are funny on twitch TV I like
when you play really snazzy games
I have attached a letter for keV please
make sure he reads it Pleasant goodbye
friends until next time and good luck
Andy on that math quiz every math quiz
we have math quiz mr. field with intake
I really enjoyed that letter uh Nick
thanks Nick by the way we're not with
Kevin so he can't really read this
but I'll open it hey grandma Scott this
is from the same person are people
getting this idea yes
dear Bilbo jeez nuggets in Sandy Randall
this must be from the same person I'm a
big real-life fan I've been watching
videos for a few years now when I watch
it I feel like it it feels like beans in
my tummy intervenes your videos make me
laugh my butt checks off artichoke and
salad please ouch tell Gregg thank you
for yummy fruit roll-ups for me she's
come on Gerald surprise I made you a
jelly bean cake yes and you should smack
a fish cake Margaret would be proud
I really hope just how's a good sweet 16
and happy burger town Mary thanks and
yes but Sir okay what is the picture on
there like could you wrap me back with
oh no there's a hammock please send help
here is a generous donation for the
Baldini foundation oh yes here's from
South Carolina what was the other one
from aha they are friends we know what
you're up to you agree but you guys are
funny except the picture of him and his
dog this dog thing you deduce well he
graduated long liar you'll sign just
give us a good kiss what it says dearest
Justin Andrew and maybe Kevin in close
look it says enclosed I have a dollar
but the dollar seems to be not here I
wanted to give you one of my favorite
senior photos please post this photo on
your fridge I wish to thank you sir so
good to take this and put it on her
fridge for a little while that we can do
his dog may or may not be pooping in the
photos I'd have to say me that's so
awesome but thanks for the nice letter
man we're gonna finish reading this now
that was kind of a concerned face snacks
in here flip page at the go to bought
their page and flip let's do it right
ready that's it alright that's cool
hey Jase - sneakers whoa Jase - house
keV can I have money Kevin's house wants
money
Kev's house is getting shot by lightning
it's just a little tiny mini school I
think I shirt at least we have flowers
in the front say stu studios I think I
can't figure this thing out oh thanks
Jake for the house flipbook it's some
sort of snacking here first let's start
off by showing that Hannah whoa included
lunch - do it I have those too but I
have some myself
dear Justin Andrew I wanted to write you
guys a letter because how awesome you
built ours I'm in an Instagram account
for you guys and I follow it it's called
Jase - edits a good account
Jase - . edits on instagram love that
account always post some cool edits of
us and I'm liking himself I even made it
I may need a bow just to watch you guys
thanks for being awesome youtubers I'll
watch you both as long as I can chase
you for life
Thank You Hannah for being very awesome
okay next letter some drew so what's the
first thing you saw when you open this
up give poop a chance please
you guys are my favorite youtubers I
hope they'll enjoy the piece of
apples-to-apples instructions
pencil-lead wrapped in toilet paper and
give poop a chance to her hey where's
that that's an autograph the index cards
form so we'll do that momentarily
mission accomplished something quite
soft and he ball trying to open it I
feel something fluffy
oh what the - Jason studios have a
cotton ball but completely flattened out
oh did that oh man oh wow this the
favorite videos are the library ones and
he's a big fan hi his name's Chris so um
thank you sir for the cotton ball and
this letter thanks dude you look so
weird in that okay Sarah that's this is
from Jordan they made it clear like
where it's supposed to be addressing
Stuart Fox the hole hello Kevin Moore
sending us Kevin letters okay what is it
oh you're spilling me comes bunch of
crap in here oh where is it from the
beach it's like a crummy there's like
one cheerio that's like destroyed it's
like all over everything
you're just an intern keV wanted to say
hi then you're awesome I'm watching her
videos since my sister showed you what a
B it's to me in the envelope Pharrell
Andy to go bald there's also another one
which I would like you to sign and send
back a random things in the envelope I
wanted you to see you use in one of your
pranks when a random thing in here was a
crummy cheer you must use that in next
prank bitch you made it seem like
there's random things in there there's
one thing and it's just a bunch of
snacks oh yeah where there's originals
one like top that's that's for Andrew
this is for Brittany oh Justin
put him out for marry if you want to
read on camera is fine well I know you
like to eat candy so I hope you enjoyed
this candy I like it
Thanks oh thanks Steve for the caramels
as a name is Isaac and you guys have
inspired me to just be myself that's why
you guys are the best youtubers out
there thanks to Kevin he found our
Channel
he hopes we can read this on more jay
steel I hope too that would be cool
thanks for being there when I was down I
also feel like a part of my life is
checking for new videos dude thank you
so much for the support bro now for the
final necklace I'm Henry the last letter
before the big box of doom da da da
you're just saying I've been subscribed
since falling madness 6 I'm going to
call this summer Colorado this summer
I'll be cool if I ran into you guys you
sent me an autograph yes please read
this on the camera yes okay and please
make a flowing madness 13 yes Wow wish
is great at all around one more please
make you goofballs at the skate park
yes complete wishes granted all four
words you just cause like magic genies
yeah something happened okay
thanks bro Thanks now I wonder what this
could be sending us this opens Justin
Stewart meow Mix our free sample has
arrived I didn't order this and I don't
have a cat Wow
tender Center crunchy outside media
inside oh wow mal mechs salmon and
turkey Flav and that that is dogs eat
this
yeah Bevers excited for her hey buds
English turkey flavors Sam the jury I'm
sick
 you first sit ok spirit you don't
want to eat food isn't only for dogs
really likes it 13
let's find snacks yeah so thanks I guess
to whoever sent sent us this thanks
Buford appreciates it
no no I you guys to missus stuff what do
we have here what is this don't ask me
dude it says our name on it doesn't it
what is it titled magnifique it just
thank you your friends reading books all
ate up sighs it says is still really
Jesus that's take a gander there's a
Spanish version or something it's about
Jesus we just we know it's Jesus guys we
just like saying Jesus cuz it's a
wow where did Noah ship go watch out for
the octopus in the fishy this guy will
eat Noah's hip he's a goat now Jerusalem
he's must go to Jerusalem go now I guess
this is a bit more reasonable than cat
food I wasn't thinking about it when I
drew it but it is sound like this would
look really cool on a t-shirt I think
that should be your next shirt wow that
is cool we should do that I graduated
high school this year yes yes good work
I'm so excited for Community College
blah blah blah blah blah you guys
seriously inspired me to just have fun
and be myself when I go to college I'm
not as nervous as I would be if I didn't
watch your videos no that's why we do
what we do do those kind of things
people out and yeah um love you guys
Rebecca JC seals me Rebecca included a
return envelope if he goes right right
back heck yeah back up the back ah ain't
next cool envelopes from Thomas Brown
the third he refuses to be called Thomas
Brown the second so some kind of
automobile a Ferrari I think's Bugatti I
think that's like a designer bag or
something
Oh a minecraft creeper j stu studios hi
sexy
lamborghini that's kind of nice with
Porsche - hey boy Wow make sure all the
cooling designs those a lot of paper
used that's all it's in there it says
open several mystery machines there's
something far than here more paper why
did I tell you
oh there better be something cool in
here yo you really spent $2 to do that
oh my god something else in here yeah he
could've got a few drinks or a snack
instead he sees that from 19 loved it
thank you for the yo speed strips citrus
blend tropical what are these I've never
had these before
hey what up
can you feel really oily in the past is
candy is Kevin's okay so Lars um hey you
guys I'm a big fan okay keep up the
great work I really enjoyed
to go to your channel not have to worry
about there going to be anything
inappropriate on it right we're all
about that PS I hope you guys enjoy the
kin DS yeah yes do you guys want us to
try it okay thanks for the candy Brandon
and the letter mmm big box hear from the
squeaky germ but read letter before okay
that's a great idea
sup Jason Rebello your videos always
make me laugh I think it's awesome that
you do all this for us viewers and I
appreciate it I'm 13 years old but I'm
just I'm still a bit newbie at Photoshop
but I worked hard to pull this off you
deserve it I hope you like it squeaky
German well let's see what he did here
folks nice packaging wait like a photo
frame I feel it I'm serious are you
serious it is pink what is it we're
gonna know all I can see is the back I
will stand for it - I want that anywhere
near me so funny
well thank you squirting churn or what
squeaky German Oh beautiful pic we're
super thank Heaven he's sleeping you'll
wake up I honestly thought it was gonna
be something like legit you said you
weren't very good at first shot but this
is pretty good but I'd have to say if he
did that guy's thanks to everybody who
sent us fan mail if we didn't open yours
and this one it's probably an RPO box
because we only check like once a week
and
yeah sometimes let's take two weeks but
just wait till the next one and we
appreciate the support well see you guys
tomorrow
okay see ya bye if kids can't dream I
never want to grow old I wanna stay
