what's up guys welcome back to more J's
stew today's vlog is gonna be pretty fun
hope everyone is doing fantastic by the
way
so I have some stuff that I've been
shooting just haven't uploaded it yet so
that's what today's vlog is gonna be
about a couple weeks ago meri and I went
and did our first 3d ultrasound
I thought ultrasounds were cool just to
begin with but 3d ultrasound so that was
like next level of cool and it's
actually kind of its kind of creepy as
one not gonna lie I've filmed a little
bit while we were there just like in the
room the room is pretty cool cuz you go
in there's this big TV screen cuz it's
more like a yeah I don't like a party
you invite people everyone can watch so
there's a big TV screen a big couch
everyone consider is pretty chill
so I filmed a little bit take a look at
this I get ready to do the 3d ultrasound
it's gonna be insane I got my own
personal TV and then they all got this
huge one
she's here
when you go to that website again
that is weird thumbs up for rock and
roll good job she did a good job
crying pretty happy what you want to say
say something funny
so I thought it was pretty cool that you
can see the baby open its eyes during
the ultrasound I was like what's going
on this is way too weird I guess you
could say this the first time we've ever
kind of met our son mary is due December
26 it could be on the 26 could be maybe
the 25th on Christmas before after I
really don't know when you guys were
babies were you on your due date for you
before or were you late and if you don't
know this could be a good time to go ask
your parents like hey so what's the
story here was I do when I was due and
if you want you can leave your comments
down below love to read some of your
stories but I think it's kind of cool
that's a nice little conversation you
can have with your parents
there's probably something fun maybe you
don't know about also another thing
we've done recently marry myself and my
dad we went back to Ohio to visit my
grandma I've been back to visit grandma
since last year maybe so it was time for
a visit
we were just there a couple days
just a long weekend but
it was nice to visit grandma she's not
able to get around as well as she used
to
we took her out to do some activities
one thing we did was the pumpkin
festival which was pretty sweet
Ohio has this really big pumpkin
festival and they've been doing it for a
hundred years something like that and
won't like the main point of this
festival is they try to grow the biggest
pumpkins they can and this year the
winner there pumpkin weighed 1,700
pounds so for comparison the average car
weighs like 4,000 pounds so this pumpkin
a pumpkin weighted almost half as much
as a car so check this out
there's so much pumpkin stuff everywhere
trying to decide what to get for lunch
and I found pumpkin pulled pork so I'm
gonna try that you see something you
wanted not yet
don't worry there's plenty of options
was that you tried our technique can
surely die
there may with locally grown pumpkins
pretty good
Amish Amish donut's
ladies we're at a farm you can have some
pumpkins so these ones looks like they
already picked out yeah but you can go
out in the field and just pick them so
we're gonna try not a huge one right and
you have to carry it no I got some
little ones up there and there's some
giant boys over here I want to see them
there it is the big pumpkin so I want to
try and pick it up there's some huge
pumpkins we found a cool friend that's a
good assumption oh he's so cool
bees run this farm also has a really big
corn maze I don't know if we're gonna
check that out but man guys just telling
Mary it'd be really fun to own a farm
right we have some cows pigs those were
a couple things going on in my life
recently they wanted to share with y'all
so what we're trying to do is all of our
like Christmas shopping Christmas
decorating all that stuff we're trying
to do it as soon as possible as early as
possible
so over this past weekend we actually
decorated our house and with Christmas
stuff let me show you yet the new mantel
decoration going put up this stuff on
top of cabinets pretty cool
this is my fav we put up the Christmas
trees and you made this centerpiece
which turned out awesome it smells
really good
rarity and the Christmas spirit is
coming early this year so a lot of
people have been asking us if we have
any names picked out for the baby and
the answer is not really
we have we have one name that we kind of
like but other than that we're so blank
on names just and I were talking it'd be
funny if we wouldn't do this for the
actual name this would just be like a
vlog for being funny but if we took a
bunch of names either you guys can ride
this names we'll just write a bunch of
names some names are don't even make
sense put them in a bowl and we'll draw
them out and see like what our kids
names will be that's the end of the vlog
today I hope you guys enjoyed it two
things this Friday for fourth Friday is
a new 24 hour video that we just filmed
in man oh man it was insane so be sure
to come back for that get excited for
for Friday and then second
hypothetically speaking if if we got new
t-shirts and merch available to buy in
the next couple weeks
would you be interested in that don't
forget you all need to laugh daily and
we'll see you in the next vlog peace
