I see you're looking at different types
of unders I just wanted to recommend
these these have built-in butt cheek
pads I don't know if you were looking
for the style because if you're sitting
down a lot of the real comfy and I
thought you could use these it's going
on the mat make like one suggestion for
your wardrobe no I think you would look
absolutely stunning and like this getup
you don't think so what's wrong with
them it's not oh yeah okay but together
no all right oh man you look like you
have a great sense of style I just
wanted to recommend this hat like I
don't know if you wanted to wear see
actually if you go out in the beach like
this actually like covers all your head
I don't know if I think this would look
great on you it's a what no cuz I
thought these were the new bigger hats
did you want to try it on oh okay
could I make a recommendation for you
since you like orange these two would go
great for you Oh me yeah
these two go great together would you
like these yeah yeah okay you got me no
yeah they're for you okay I just make a
suggestion he look like a businessman
like for your wardrobe if you wanted to
if you're going into a meeting or like
really impress your boss like maybe like
we're like this shirt with these pants
okay
dude look good yeah yeah yeah I think
you'd really like probably get you know
hired Hollywood especially if they were
females that's true you just show up in
this and you know what are they gonna do
you want me to buy them for you or know
how good all right well see ya
hey guys I have a recommendation for you
guys do you like running well I was just
saying like these would go good with you
all right for you yeah
like if you go running so I just wanted
to recommend that for you there you go
yeah just wear those when you go on a
jog look it's just way better they look
good yeah
like I think I feel like we're going on
like a really cute date this outfit
no it'll just you know leave her
awestruck well I think it would go great
in millions just kind of compliments you
the orange tweets with the these pants I
feel like this would go really well with
you guys like if you guys are going on a
date or to school change dejected yeah
well not actually this you love this no
oh it does
oh I thought I'd complimented the jacket
very well see no excuse me I make a
recommendation for you I would say this
combo you really go great like
especially if you're going to like a
dance or a nice dinner I don't know I
just feel like this is a great color
combo okay what do you think like do you
think no really yeah okay this outfit it
could be a really good outfit for for
you know for you I was just gonna say
can I should just like suggest a new
like wardrobe for you I just think like
this is like really just a summer
fashion I think you'd you know fit you
really well as well that looks good yeah
I think it'd look really good on you too
not on me yeah you don't think so no oh
all right
no problem
