hey guys it's brand-new day guess where
we're going I have no idea yeah I mean
either but we're here with Colton yes
and we're going to the casino we're
gonna go pick up Jacob as well Aaron
it's not 21 so he can't come which sucks
okay see ya hopefully we win some money
this time since we have been practicing
a little bit
we're not playing slots playing roulette
see
all right we finally made it the cripple
creek yes I don't know what's happening
I cannot wait for this is gonna be the
best finally oh yeah very parked in the
same spot
yeah oh yeah now we're finding fun free
parking in the garage for one grab the
real life casino now folks and we're
going back to the roulette tables that
was rude oh yeah we picked up Jacob by
the way I know but we didn't introduce
him to the block but my grandma gets $50
a week here on these little cards so she
when she's not here she lets me use it I
just used it but we didn't win anything
but still is but so thanks grandma give
me one $10 but we spent it all doing it
yeah I want clothes here here right yeah
they're doing a bunch of construction
yourself uh-huh
guys we're done with the first roulette
table oh me Jake's was the only winner
he won a dollar we're going after tips
yeah we won like six dollars we're going
to a different one right now which is
Bronco Billy as I think but me and Drew
and Colton all lost it all but we're
gonna try again because we're not
quitters
we just want enough to get a nice dinner
that's all
I think it's like a bowling alley in
here used to be a casino but not anymore
we're all done guys time to go home and
eat
so Jacob and Colton just ran way ahead
of us and they stole the truck this
might be them yep
we found you dorks backseat what's that
a HEC unlock button the bolt no entry
here we're driving home now
wow it's pretty
hey guys so this is kind of random
abruptly different but we just edited
the blog and it's only four minutes long
so we're adding on to it to make it
longer for ya so that's right and now
we're gonna go try out a new method for
a prank see if it'll work so see you
soon see you soon like right now he's
getting big he can walk all by himself
now like he's playing with a ball and
hitting himself in the face she can do
it all by himself
hey fight bro yeah yeah this isn't so
nonchalant like you're gonna start a
vlog do some babies only babies opened
his own vlog Hannah stop the GoPro 2
right here just a lot of Walker so as
you guys know we like doing the pulling
things Frankie so what if we did it with
Junior junior here's a test look at
Andrew
what was that doing all right it's time
for a baby vlog segment segment
you have to film yourself I'm gonna film
yourself okay hold it in the corner hey
bro
what else can you say try and get him to
say something do here bro again
hey bro clothes boy 8 hey bro nice hey
bro hey bro
oh hey bro oh hey guys hey yeah alright
so I just got back and check out what I
guess pizza yeah taking bakes I don't
know if you guys have taken bakes where
you guys live Papa Murphy's oh wow the
best you cook it all by yourself but
they make it like how cool is that
some pizza now and chillax but I hope
you guys had a good time here today and
we'll see you next time goodbye
