hey guys what's up so today is actually
a big day for me and Brittany because a
while ago we went apartment shopping and
whatnot and we found a condo that we
really like so today we're moving in to
the condo not me but Brittany is I'm
gonna move in after we get married but
Brittany's gonna be holding it down for
us tell the actual day comes where we
are married so today we're just really
we rented a u-haul my dad's picking it
up right now and we're gonna be putting
all the stuff we actually they actually
just got a new couch and our couch for
me and Brittany it's here in the garage
so you guys will soon enough get a tour
of the apartment but I'm so excited
seriously like time flies I've been
waiting just like I can't believe like
in a month we're getting married like
less than a month and now we're already
moving into our new house so it's just
it's crazy and as you can see teddy is
very excited aren't you very excited
I just love how Teddy lets me just put
the camera in front of him whenever yes
dad's arrived with the u-haul and I used
to just got to back it up thank goodness
he's taking care of this because I'd
probably run over a tree if I was
traveling so are you guys excited for me
to move out yeah no I mean are you
excited for I guess me to move out again
oh yeah yeah are you excited for me to
move into a new house yeah yeah is it
weird for you guys knowing I'm gonna be
married - yes
hey you excited just got the Brits house
she's got a lot of stuff let's take a
look
whoa
good loud not too much room in here but
I guess we'll get moving
yeah hi everybody it's me Kelton and
we're at Brittany and Justin's apartment
right now so I'll give you a quick tour
we're on Patti right now as you can see
ya view here we are yeah
Oh beautiful we're moving everything in
right now as you can see so it's kind of
a disaster
hi Justin hi Kate I'm building for
everybody
oh I'm in a quick tour of the house
although we've been unpacking a lot of
stuff this is the office the shower
master bedroom another toilet sure
that's toilet yeah well nice this clean
Oh brings dead
CPR but yeah that is a tour oh yeah I've
got even our own appliance is that gonna
through or later everything set up
alright I didn't vlog much because we
got busy carrying all the stuff into the
house and then we had dinner at
Grandma's house and I forgot the camera
please don't unsubscribe but we're back
at the house and everything's basically
moved in you got a quick tour today but
there will be a whole tour
better tour when we get everything set
up probably sometime late next month
for the month after that so yeah and the
dogs are here they're so happy to see
you
alright thanks for watching today's vlog
guys I know it's like insane short and
it's ok we're going to the casino now so
that'll be in another vlog well bye
goodbye
