what's up guys today Mary and I are
gonna hike Pikes Peak is that big
mountain in Colorado Springs so just
getting prepared are you excited I'm
excited you can't really see the
mountain from the parking lot but that's
okay cool little entrance here in a
sweet bridge oh it's like the middle of
summer is freezing up here you cold
the crags that way The Devil's
playground Pikes Peak that way we're
going V s no I'm gonna Pikes Peak
Devil's playground does that sound fun
there's a trail just hiking along and
look at this sweet fort well this would
be cool to go camping here looks like
someone already did but awesome I've
been hiking for a while now give it and
zip it's getting a bit spicy out so am i
close to the tree line here 400 miles to
the summit never mind we decided to take
her check us off now I'm nice and red
near tie-dye this is very hot now before
we were freezing
now we're steaming what's this Dell
review wow that's cool you made it to
the tree line basically and it's like
really pretty appears there's just
there's wildflowers everywhere
they're just dicta today just best light
ones and yellow ones purple ones
time for a quick snack have some
homemade trail mix
it's got like nuts lemon and some
pineapple banana chips about it oh yeah
some flax seeds for nutrition so let's
try it out
hi can I speak really fun because it's
not just like the same scenery like over
and over again you start down there in
the mountain or the in the trees and the
series kind of different and you get up
here
Val you believe whoa all these cool
flowers and then we're soon we're gonna
be up there and over there in the Sun I
can't even see it but over there here's
Mary's trail mix magic peanuts and
raisins and craisins flaxseed and
sunflower seeds but no nuts because
Mary's allergic to tree nuts so she
can't have him or she'll blow up it's a
chipmunk mast it's on the rock that rock
that rock does he want a reason yeah
there's a trail looks really cool so I
wanted to vlog also build mines down
there this part of the trust hard it's
like straight up we were down there at
the trees and it's like
that's what shelters like bad trying to
point out like how blue these flowers
are you guys know we can't even tell but
you just pick up like how beautiful
that's all is I call the yellow flowers
the purple flowers the blue flowers the
white flowers Wow awesome up here
don't you agree just all kinds of
creatures and stuff alright made it to
the this kind of crest there's still
snow up here it's freakin 90 degrees in
the springs there's snow up here this
definitely looks like it could be the
set for Lord of the Rings with a hobbit
so Peter Jackson if you're watching this
please come make the Hobbit here and
cast me as an orc no this is perfect
Justin to be works in goblins or thing
about Lord the Rings it's like they
never show any shots of their muscles
they need to probably a cool gate here
to let people in maybe it's a devil's
playground so named because of the way
lightning jumps from rock to rock during
thunderstorms I'm scared Lake down there
there's the springs we're very close to
the summit this part is just like a
bunch of boulders you just have to get
up there I think rock climbing what's
happening the view here is cool because
you got mountains as far as you can see
to the right and as far as you can see
to the left
that's why Colorado is better than
wherever you're living the end of the
trail you can drive up here as well the
guys cool shopping here dog nuts hell
old mr. sheep
was a boy the best part about height
speech the real-life donuts impact
ourselves sandwiches cuz we're smart
like that it's not a vlog unless we vlog
food so this isn't much but very excited
for donuts
I am the donut expert so I'm gonna do a
donut review here here we go first bite
that's pretty good I run our way down
now this super nice couple decided to
give us a few other hikers our ride down
to the devil's playground
she'll head right film that sign just
telling sure you're not watching this
blog thanks save our lives there's a
strong cloud right above this guy just
passed us he's running up this trail hey
guys I'm wearing blue now I just have a
full assortment of colored clothes today
green blue my red jacket it's the best
stumbling through the woods right now
where is the car which way all down
water
that's cold
oh my shoes are getting wet we made it
the car I'll race ya we're gonna win ah
ah that was a good hike and a good
workout Wow like Maria was saying
earlier feels like yesterday we started
walking five hours to get up three hours
to get down but we skipped an hour
because of the people get my service get
way more than
please know I know anyways has a long
night
now something to the sonicing is some
slushies get our slushies what kind of
flavor slushies do you get we go to some
I don't come all the time but when I do
it gets raspberry weird I think we just
hide up that mountain
all the way back down oh that's the end
of the vlog so thanks for watching bye
we'll see you guys next
