hey what's up folks today Andrew and I
are driving to the broncos stadium for
Broncos game now we're actually going to
film a commercial we get to be in an NFL
commercial we're like background extras
I don't know hopefully a bit of CS but
it's like a tailgating thing for this
new app I think for the NFL and we're
getting paid to do it
so it's workday here we're driving right
now I got my oatmeal or stuck behind a
bus that's huge
this is a lane next to us gets to drive
fast and we don't so it's kind of
sweating
but hopefully we'll be out of log where
there because I don't know if oh yeah
I'll try
the field sports authority field yes
the Broncos are awesome by the way we
arrived at the Bronco Stadium guys we
get to park in a handicap for a row they
said you did a mock it yes beautimous
stadium style it it snows nice Jase ugh
alright we're just following the crowd
but yeah he's gonna be here we're gonna
be chillin with him hopefully for a fun
day I hope they have free food tube
because it's like a tailgating seat so
I'm all for just being in a commercial
eating food what's awesome about the
stadium is you could see the skyline and
then Six Flags aka lychees roller
coasters and fun right so we don't know
what what we're doing now but we got
Chargers jerseys we're taking pictures
here that's got his charger gear as well
even though we're not charger see we
both love the Patriots know Broncos
Andrew got his Broncos Jersey versus
Chargers this is Mike Mauer
without brow this in Denver
whoa there's the camera guy saying we
should have got cool like defense
science oh but we're at the stadium
oh sorry yeah we got prop nachos even
though they're real life bowl of nachos
and water with all the other charger
people who deign to Philip Rivers
there's the Steeler folks then maybe the
Dolphins amid Raiders the Browns
okay they moved us closer guys check it
out right now I need a quiet did he say
all day it's me and Seth got traded to
the Lions
oh but Andrew he has to stay we got
separated from the pack but like
whatever I guess I'll do like this then
I'll go like that which means you start
here we go wait
tell me yeah hey guys so we're here at
the commercial and ran into a fan yo
what up bro what's your name Ivan Ivan
Ivan randomly recognized this when we
were just chillin walking through he's
like Jason to you I was like what's that
man so just wanted to put him in the
vlog
it's lunchtime
here sandwiches I already ate mine our
day one button so I can say go on you're
like wow me idiot
alright so we're moving on to the next
scene to shoot the movie and we're doing
the tailgating scene the six epic they
have all the Bronco trucks Bronco limo
giant grill all the guy nice camper
coming through
Broncos camper man that's sick dog this
is a real-life Bronco the moment Broncos
I'm right in this baby anybody will have
barbecue sauce Wow Andrew said there's a
real-life Wilke over here as well let's
take a look
hey guys there he is it's a real-life
wookie by the way guys this is Vin
Diesel's twin brother if you didn't know
pretty rad
you can say we're in real life Broncos
country
this is this is crazy that this is
actually just for TV commercial what is
Whoopie man alive
whoa looky a huge
why is he named walk to you that's what
I named him oh I thought you're here
we're here live waiting for something
happen they picked our names or they
picked us out just out of a big crowd
yes said they want us to just say words
or me this guy and that guy this guy
right here we liked diesel picked us so
that's cool the dream team right have ya
behind-the-scenes guys it's raining out
guys now we're hiding under the tent we
have to sing a song yeah give us a quick
demo
highlights and breaking news my way this
fantasy football is on its way
all right we're finally all done and
it's like 6:30 her fear like Mastiffs aw
we got a bit Wow
I just want to sit a man but funny thing
as you guys saw him the last clip we
were in right in front of the camera I
mean Andrew got chose both of us got
chose to be in front of a camera yeah I
think they picked what like six guys and
they only pick three guys so we had to
like semi audition for it I know to be
in front of the camera and so they had
me like sing in front of the camera and
recite these lines like over and over
again so you're probably gonna see me
and Andrew in an NFL commercial yeah
this is the beginning to our career
maybe we'll see folks homes and now it's
time to get some groceries cuz we
honestly don't have too much at the
apartment and we need dinner so meet up
a king few berth y'all who's coming
dinner's served eyes we made a whole
meal home-cooked meal salad chicken I
have nothing salad chicken anything
because they never make me food cuz
they're racist what we are not racist
man who you is exposed I'm just kidding
hey are you and like hope you guys
enjoyed looking at our food it's pretty
good right I haven't tasted it yet maybe
I should go for a taster yeah camera
they really want that the fans they want
subscribe if you probably want to know
like what this is its southwestern
cheese chicken a wall is easy
that looks good then okay thanks for
watching this vlog hope it was exciting
for you full of good stuff and we'll let
you know when the commercial is actually
up we don't know when it probably around
football season sometime right now we
are just playing some destiny beta epic
so that's what we're gonna continue
doing but you guys have a great rest of
your day
and we'll see you guys next dad
don't be messing with me
