hey guys welcome back today me and Ezra
wanted to do something different besides
a vlog we wanted to do a challenge video
and we have their beans and these beans
we found this challenge because of Kevin
yeah Kevin for some reason had this some
bean boozled challenge bean boozled so
the cool thing about the bean boozled as
you can see on the back here it's got
different flavors but like a good flavor
and a bad flavor is that the beans look
the same so me and Andrew are gonna each
get one of the colors but one of them's
bad one of them one of them is good and
so we're gonna see we're gonna try all
of them and whoever gets the worst
flavors just is gonna have a very bad
day so let's get this started
let's open it up and see what's in it
daggum box open it says caution on the
back these jelly beans may look alike
but they could not taste more different
from each other
I think you could tell them apart we
dare you okay let's put them up here so
here's like a but here's a just the
plate of them all put them up so you get
blue hey sorry guys we're having some
problems here they just didn't put
correct numbers in the box here those
idiots so we have evenly distributed the
jelly beans
we each have like two of each flavor
they I don't know the bean booth would
folks like theyd bean boozled us because
they didn't give us even so yeah so
here's like the loser pile has to eat
all these at once
let's just start with blue ok blue since
we just have a blue word yeah blue is
toothpaste and berry blue okay well
bottoms up that's it doesn't might taste
bad but you know it's toothpaste I was
like oh that's all good you're good
right now okay sounds like good bean
good
this is either juicy pear or booger I
know I saw her you get
alright ready let's go it's just a
little green okay ready go right okay I
definitely got pear yeah I don't really
dizzy
well just kind tastes like dirt yeah
like it takes a second for it to
function like no I like the black one
ah we're going with a black jelly bean
now and the two flavours are skunk spray
and licorice both I hate licorice uh so
either way it's a lute loose lose
situation for us but for the score
stakes where we get spunk ready got
three in a row
dude this tastes better than licorice so
no yeah just come right this is good
what canned dog food or chocolate
pudding Oh I'll be getting chocolate
pudding please ready George I think I
can shock a plate mine is like pudding
as well
they gypped us on that one then I guess
we both got two yummy ones so the white
one is either coconut or baby wipes okay
ready I'm ready
Oh God that's good this tastes like crap
ha ha
it really does taste like a baby white
really I feel like I just ain't a
Cabbage Patch doll
Oh
oh my gosh how'd they do that okay
moving on after that okay we're doing
this
sorry all right we're doing this beam
it's either buttered popcorn or rotten
egg so oh my this is gonna be worse than
being really I hope we both well I hope
you get the bad one I hope you get the
bad one
why because I don't like you anyway oh
dude oh my god oh my body got like
tingles
oh dear mines delicious are you okay
cheese man my body like was not expected
so bad okay
oh shoot
yeah no dude I literally want about to
throw up
what rock your breath smells like it now
fabulous we're moving on to this beam
which is either the caramel corn or the
moldy cheese I really hope you get this
moldy cheese know you'll know
immediately if it's bad ready these are
terrible set is yours voltage cheese yes
man dude that's Nast oh it's like a
veggie section and King Soopers it's
like Oh once you start chewing on it
just wallow hurry no uh-huh
so Nast why did they do this to us
I actually thought this was gonna be as
bad but that was not good how do you
talk about I just swallowed it
everything you just go the red ones and
they
a centipede and strawberry jam which one
is it
please be strawberry and please no
strawberry jam okay
No what's happening it's not stopping
damn alright now we're moving on to this
kind of a yellow and brown one
it's a this is either top of banana
which sounds delicious or pencil
shavings bananas not that good anyways
banana bread is but the heck oh is it
banana how is that pencil shading to you
Lee every time eat these crappy flavors
I get like goose bumps gosh dude mines
so good he's like bananas mmm never
gonna be in pencil shavings because that
is why would you why would you purposely
eat pencil shavings after that I'm not
for sure for sure yeah that's good to
know
boats have been casted for the votes
have been casted for the survivor the
survivor what flavor is either peach or
barf so I like peach I don't like barf
that's delicious yo what's happening
over there dude I don't know what I'm
saying I'm just kind of brain
malfunctioning yeah
somebody FB FB are hurry okay no you is
it really that bad yes holy crises this
is way worse than egg well I can't slow
about it barb Barbara is gonna make me
barf
yeah do you buddy you better punch
myself
yes all right you need to take me do
like a nice dinner after this or
something time you do a nice dinner yeah
fried you your beginning I did a live
you all right so the final score is
Justin ten and me seven since we both
got a bad one and only two beans left so
there's no way he can win I was just an
idiot today so so that means big pile
for Justin are you ready here's a big
old pal i feet suck let's see what kind
of potential a crappy guy a bunch of
centipedes some moldy cheese some
burgers some baby wipes some skunk
please pencil shavings barf alright
we're back guys with the ending of the
VCL we didn't really tell anybody my
demise is here this is for the Hawaii
Army yes yes yes get away you do not cry
your eyes are watering if there's a
moldy bath milk cheese moldy bath soap
cheese and that's it
next I'm gonna barf they save us a bar
but
a barn full of dirt and earthworms
already going hey what's happening so
give us your final thoughts of the bean
challenge well the worst ever value
wasabi challenge anything yeah so far
like I'm not feeling like I'm gonna
throw up being wasabi just burns so
about a three challenges to Vegemite the
wasabi and what do we do the hots house
yeah we did I the extinction the wasabi
and the Vegemite this is the worst yes
so I think I'm gonna treat myself
tonight
I deserve it thanks guys I hope you like
this video kind of sucked man the video
now the danger keeps being winter leave
some comments down below more challenges
you want to see us do and make them good
because I want to make sure he loses the
next one so make sure it's like oh we
would throw up or you want to keep
seeing him loose that's nice you want to
see more ball Danny loose Oh we'll see
you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
