oh it's not a prank we just wanted to
film like your reaction to all these
ciphers everywhere I guess it's kind of
funny you know cuz we hope we we open
fan mail donate part of this all these
diapers keeping our fill buddy I'll give
you these yeah touch some eyes like yeah
this would be the lamest prank if it we
were really shy you just got great we
got diapers that are more due to my head
says they're like tangled in this diaper
hey what's up guys it's a new beautiful
day here at the J Steve studios
apartment hope and actually we were just
driving back from getting groceries and
this strange man was walking in the
middle of the road yelling at cars to
hit him or something yeah so we're kind
of going back to see if he's still there
I think the cops are coming though but
that's because just some local cops I
kind of filmed a little bit of it it's
just weird like he was like yelling at
every car driving by and like flipping
him off and it hit me like
I think you need some help here is the
footage
perfect was two cops
three cop cars oh my gosh
you see what it says no it looks like
it's a is it like a thing I mean there's
a pic yeah it's like a thing with paper
in it
Oh what doing a pat-down tepees got them
drugs
what's this in your pocket sir
what's happening don't uh but it looks
like the cop said that he was having
marital issues but he was tweaked or
something
he was tweaked out cop said but yeah you
can get all the greatest news here live
at you Jase to enter practices we always
have like the most random situations
happen in our ballers we've seen fights
almost happen a guy almost get tased so
be glad you're subscribe to our channel
because you never know what you're going
to get sometimes I tell ya but Andrew
said he's super hungry and we did go to
the grocery store so we got tons of
snacks they're gonna eat what are you
gonna have for dinner
yeah I'm dressed like a chicken no see
it's dressed like a cow get free
chick-fil-a you're sure okay I put one
under my arm over here too so it's like
a real cow yeah I have it all over so
yeah there's free sandwiches if you guys
are watching this you don't get a free
secrets and --which he probably went
going but also it's free uh Slurpees at
someone and so free free free we all
about the free whoa what uh jump right
Oh what cows here I'm a cow baby all day
baby so it's about mowing everywhere he
really says you look your best move
impression that's a monk
it's a fat hog a big wow cows galore
Bobby no we
can finally finish this cow outfit this
guy got real-life ears counts like a
chicken cow yeah too
the real cow came out holy cows so
apparently the whole meal is free
anything guys me though they did
waitress told me she's my husband with
the cow know what happened it's giving
high fives I walked up like high five
high five it just looked at me and
looked away what you can't arrest me
give me high five accounts today you
could try to go back and give it I five
I don't know the lady of the des I was
like I'm going to tweet at chick-fil-a
tell them the fire bowl the cookout mask
of it you're on video by the way
can't get a high five can hide my on one
way
all right so that was a pretty delicious
first meal first meal yeah that was good
it was a good appetizer good appetizer
for our real lunch which will come at
the next check flight all right so now
we're here at the big mall by the way
this was the mall that we got banned
from just for a year though we don't
know when it's up think it's up but
there's Fukuhara here and there's a
chick-fil-a so probably gonna be the
only people walking in here dressed like
chickens chickens me though that's not
how chickens sound man can anybody guess
what movie that's from look it said this
smells pretty nice though
there's the chick-fil-a hopefully they
have it we're the only chick up there's
a lady right yes yeah excellent yes yes
sometimes it's awkward vlogging in
public but we're getting used to it
you guys got to try a little bit like
when people are looking at you just
holding the camera in front your face
it's kinda like but it's cool now I'm
like I'm going to be healthy and then we
get free chick-fil-a and support that
use without free well what's happening
they're here hi we just got our second
chick-fil-a at the mall there's chicken
right over here so we're gonna have
meals throughout the day guys
you're happy in some happy we're just
going to three no
by the way this movie theater is where
the Batman shooting was at if you
remember that from two years ago
national news so yeah two years ago any
close to where we live kind of scary
right there
ah the next chick-fil-a we're lucky we
have all of these Chili's I know
so we're there's one in the mall right
there and then you come outside and it's
just another one right here like they
both probably do a little business so I
know if you've had chick-fil-a salads
but they're pretty good I got one too i
got the grilled chicken salad I got the
Asian one comes with mandarin oranges or
whatever in it very good
where'd you get cab I got the cool rant
of the cool rap you around the cool rat
trying some new things today instead of
just the same thanks chick-fil-a for
letting us try these new things I guess
we're finally back from the heat storm
outside thank goodness our apartment has
air conditioning but now we're playing
the FIFA demo that's all we've been
playing lately yeah so look for a game
play soon we have we just put our meals
in the fridge for later so it's gonna be
awesome
maybe we'll go to the pool today or
something like that cuz very chill my
film a little bit but for now relaxation
time time for Slurpees yay
ah try to make us crash past my cousin's
really the Nene do the nae nae hey it's
beautiful look at you like you're crazy
dad big pile of water
ah cool
okay I make it the jump boy Weaver we've
arrived for three 7-eleven they got a
back door here you okay see free small
slurred mustache they are today
sugar-free watermelon for lunch then
they're closed on a few our way with the
lemonade's it's real 3os sugar-free -
there's climbing over decision
thank you guys we're chillin in our pool
finally and we get to bring the camera
so I sit here it's not cold at all and
it's just warm perfect time of day like
look at this
Oh J up some underwater diving
