guys we're finally back in the apartment
after all this traveling and just not
coming up here we've made our way back
to home base
oh but Kevin isn't here and I don't know
we can't function without Kevin in the
apartment we're feeling faster than
anticipated but we did go to the post
office and check our peel box guys
goodness sakes we I even checked it in
like two weeks or something and this is
what happens so this whole video I guess
it's gonna be us opening some of this
stuff and it's pretty awesome and we
don't know if we'll be able to like
actually read out loud some of the cards
because we have like how many liked ones
over 25
yeah there's over 25 letters so we can't
this video would probably be like an
half hour long so I'm sorry if I say
this wrong but just so say Ken Jenelle
so and not Kevin I don't know how to say
that but thank you for the letter and a
cool drawing that's the pictures we
posted of us oh yeah Patrick and then
you wrote that on the back so all right
we have a letter from KJ l 0 2 he's a
robot thank you for the letter man and
for your support pointings part 4 will
come soon
oh yeah by the way this says this is for
Justin not Andy or keV so does that mean
I open it your broken crayon it's like
in crumbs if you did egg I don't know if
it wasn't supposed to break I'm a huge
it wasn't supposed to break but dear
Justin not Cavor Andy I wanted to say hi
and that you guys are cool but not keV
yeah this cran is for Andy so I guess
you get the kit you get the crayon I
want you to shave Andy's head for this 1
billion dollars
in quotations fake really you guys Rock
not real $1,000,000,000 ball Andy
alright so my way wait go back there's a
circle it says bad Andy good this is a
good thing from mace mace Mosley thank
you amazed for this will check out this
letter yeah so cool there's a lot of
stuff in here but this side Justin
Stewart looking a little constipated
there Justin
hi my name is Bailey
I am currently single in case you're
wondering well Bailey sorry can't help
you in there thank you for the three
page letter okay
each paint Andrew Justin mustache weirdo
doc Thank You Bailey for the letter the
comics were very good by the way
and the back says I do not think that
Andrew should shave his head underlying
not all right so Ivan the bomb just
wrote us a lover letter and it says dear
Kevin stay black and sexy here's a penny
for Kevin a penny for Andrew and a penny
for Justin seven gets the black penny
what if I want the black penny that's
for Kevin to burn it but these are gonna
come very useful for us I thought the
letter I was like I knew some sort of
coins are in here what's his name Ivan
the bomb yeah okay
really nice letter from Kaitlyn's okay
look it is it's like she typed it up and
everything but she also wants a
autograph so she was included that blank
piece of paper and a return envelope
with a stamp so be expecting that
someday okay so this letters from Grant
and recently he was diagnosed with
gallbladder cancer and he said he would
always watch our videos in the hospital
and they would cheer him up and they'd
make him very happy but now he's
cancer-free yes that's very good and I'm
glad you watched our videos
you were having that hard time and I'm
super happy that you're better now and
so he gave us his favorite his favorite
card which is the Broncos which we love
Broncos so thanks grant for the nice
letter and I hope you stay healthy dear
Kevin and Justin I'm not Andy can you
sign this dollar bill and send it back
letter videos can you upload more videos
yeah he doesn't even know I exist
apparently right this is apparently from
bellezza agor dear mustard puggle Heiner
I am your boo coast what does X D stand
for extreme doofus because I'm pretty
sure about idk you're the only people
that I could ask that won't laugh admit
but anywho dooba dooba if you think he's
just saying that weird here's just one
word go to a place and crawl on the
floor saying do bee do bee do bee do bee
do bee do it says please reply if they
blacked out their address and didn't
even like how can we reply I just want
to suggest that you be more like Cameron
Dallas because him Matt Espinosa nash
grier hayes grier jack Klinsky and
everyone from Matt Gunn are super funny
like you what they are freaking hot
don't know what that means man we need
to be more hot this one's from Ayanna so
thanks for the cool letter here whoa I'm
glad your brother showed you our channel
now using that
they she's got a lovely letter from
Annie the first sentence says some
people say that you are actually just
Jay stupid but not me
included her famous recipe which I'm
trying to figure out what it is exactly
but it looks like it's onions that are
like doused and like some flavoring and
stuff so we may have to try this in
another vlog as you can see it's like
she included the recipe of the
ingredients of how you cook them so we
will try it okay this letter is from
Alexa and she sent us some Dos Passos
from there the Republic of Argentina
what that's awesome and I like a road
map and a letter so thank you for that
that's awesome I've never seen adults
pull dollar pistols dear Andrew my name
is Caleb and I am from South Carolina
I've been burping at the neighbors do
you wrote a letter for both of us so we
each have our own letter here it is
awesome yeah thanks Caleb Thank You
Kayla for the nice letter we're so glad
you guys have been watching our videos
for seven months now
thanks bruh dear Justin Andrew and that
other guy yes Kevin donation for the
bald Andy fund man I feel a pocket here
boy and there's like a lightning bolt in
my mouth a donation for Andy bulb you
guys are so good at pranks and being
short creates joy man hey it's from John
he just he wants an autograph and he
wanted us to read this on camera so
that's what we're doing
thank you John for liking our videos and
we'll send you a letter back I just got
an excellent letter from Amy she said
this is the very first piece of fan mail
that she's ever sent out so just feel so
honored I hope that this letter makes
you smile so thank you Christian for
this letter his favorite prank is our
pizza delivery prank which were very fun
and he wants us to send him an autograph
when he returned he has a return
envelope so you'll be getting that bro
about another sweet letter from Alex
and he's from Canada Ontario and you
said I would give and your dollars shave
his head but I only have Canadian money
so I guess that's a good thing before I
open this I need to explain I had to pay
to get this and I feel like there's
Cheerios or something here because they
so secretly put no posters necessary if
mailed in the United States
you bought postage will be paid by
addressee so I had to pay 71 cents for
this freaking letter I feel like it's
nothing
just open Cheerios and I can't see
series listen gobstoppers there's like
this is like big Eddie spaghetti paper
clips dear Justin and Andrew and Kevin
if he's good y'all make the funniest
videos keep up the good work love Jimmy
PS the Cheerios are for Kevin by the way
if anyone does this again I'm not paying
for it okay if you use a business reply
mail we're not pain I receive I'm doing
that a cool dry whoa cool speakers
please do addition sneakers Wow I want
those Air Jordans retro Jase new studio
space in addition
whoa those shoes somebody make these
please a gum Jake thank you so much for
that drawing that looks sick if we ever
had shoes I'd want to have some chase do
sneaks chase you sneeze Jake age
thirteen thirteen holy crap this is for
Kevin place them on the ground
Oh grant has dinner we can freaky make
macaroni for dinner yeah for ball Danny
foundation yeah but yeah Massino thanks
for the craft dinner and they can't cast
miss Mars in the coffee crisp in there
all these snacks from Canada we will be
trying them he said that the Kit Kats
and the macaroni and cheese taste
different in Canada so we're gonna find
out let's try the KitKat actually
I think the chocolates a little
different is different chocolate but I
still good it's from Sweden or plop plop
plop
before that right here a cakes cakes
chocolate yogurt yes
disease not cream door not what I don't
know what's the ice but it's cushy I
don't know what this is oh that looks
like a high character from The Nightmare
Before Christmas hi guys my name is
shoulder oak what and I'm from Sweden so
my English is not so good I enjoy that
view I found out in public I wasn't by
this you know what I think I actually
might that tastes pretty good
no yeah it does chants alright go ahead
they're awesome definitely better than
this plop stuff no way looks like poo
try it
oh there's peanut butter yeah but it's
just like other like ingredients insides
like more sugar and it's crunchy thank
you bro for sending us these Swedish
snacks we've never had anything Swedish
before so except swedish fish but that's
probably not from swedish yeah hey whoa
that's sick it's the way the age is
shaped these cool lines gosh who made
this Ali did Ali from Pennsylvania my
teacher mr. scandal kovitch who is also
the proud owner
Malkovich's shish kebobs assigned us to
draw our favorite word thank you so much
Ali all right so I'm pretty sure we got
ordered a t-shirt but came in this
package
probably not fan mail but it's going in
anyways overnight breathable briefs hi
this is extra-large feel like I guess we
have to try King Kong you have to blow
up it covers all grounds what is it what
happened this is gonna be something to
do with keeping this crap
my name is Ben I'm 11 years old I just
started watching her videos this year
even close to $1 for Andrew to go bald
I set 600 grand for bald Andy also sets
our buds for Justin and gummy worms for
Kevin whoa that's cool it's like a flag
yeah the Jace do Studios flag here we
have some mustaches yeah 600 grand sour
smile sweet smiles and sweet smiles sour
buds now it's time for the next package
ooh Andrew rusty bag moustache brothers
whose feathers
20 boxes of undies like striped oh they
look cool this time they're heavy
protection Underpants from boys what how
many brands of undies are there jeez I
don't know but I have to say this was
probably my favorite buy we're gonna put
all the unders in Kev's room he's on
vacation right now still I think so
we're just gonna put like a pound of
these two undies all in his room oh I
think we're gonna end it here guys and
whoever sent us all these underwear it's
I hope they got the wrong address cuz
that was very not order these we do not
want them anymore okay but thanks to
everybody who sent us stuff
that was fun we appreciate your support
keep watching thanks for watching our
vlog channel and we'll see you tomorrow
good bye
