hey Jimbo we are up early today it's
like
seven god-like six or something
that's a twenty four pm yeah that clocks
wrong but guess what we're going camping
if you guys have watched our vlogs for a
long time you'll see the last two years
we've gone camping with all the bros and
it's that time again gore camp meet
Andrew Jacob Colton Austin and jesh now
so yeah this will be fun because we're
going to a new location
yeah and we're going cliff jumping or
whatever yeah we've done it every time
you'll see don't bring your walk so
let's go
Jake's not the last one here yeah you
look like you're ready for camping dude
you got the beard I'm ready for a hat
back
I'm all swagged out the beard and Alette
we're screwed J - well until 7:20 is
ready ready than ever
yeah was the way : anything else on
purpose 7 yeah Colton's taking decades
to go Rian's driving the Saturn Colton
he does live a decade away yes believing
oh sure okay we just got some breakfast
for three hopefully and our whole meals
for free because their credit card
machine wouldn't work I pay guys are
thinking man these guys ever eat are
something else
free food all the time discounts
yeah Bobby asked for free food so make
sure you can't go to McDonald's you're
going to one that has a credit card
machine that's dysfunctional so you hit
some fruity McDonald's
I got a sausage egg McMuffin Colten got
hash brown hash browns
mcdhh all fat no you get a hash brown
hash also one thing I was saying is like
when she said that was like I didn't say
it but I was like it would be okay if I
ordered a few more things kind of bit
hungry it's free okay I'll take another
egg McMuffin a coffee orange juice oh I
need a dessert with the breakfast like a
yogurt yeah
Oh
we will go
how you start
guys you're probably having deja vu like
us if you watch our old blogs if you
want to watch our other blogs probably
just type in more Jase do camping and
then the first two will come up we were
at this Walmart last time the other boys
the other guys already in here
apparently they sped way faster than us
better thing we need or what you guys -
good ah oh you forgot to get Campbell's
Scooby Doo buy some more snacks
we're crazy guys we're here and we have
the waterproof camera we switched over
because we're gonna jump off with the
camera okay dude this is gonna be that's
gonna be nice like my chess is way too
cold it injury or death maker excuse me
come through by the way Josh went way
too high - why'd you go up there it's
always been down here and I could not be
holy Jeff people even jump from here and
this is scary as all get-out we're here
cold look up here no we haven't
first-person view is gonna be cool
though don't open your legs
that's freezing gig ha that's how we do
it whoo
one go one jump somebody throw my life
vest before the first test run of
success now we're gonna do a
first-person mode
yep hey hey 7 6 5 4 3 2
how was it cold no spam here though
we're trying to get a picture now
because you can see under waters okay we
got a great hurt you need gritty I gear
under Tracy this is coming yeah yeah oh
yeah okay poor buddy Creek way we played
an angle though we need to make you
right to make you care take signature
like this we'll go under water like this
okay holy crap
no gutter just Jake how's your
buttcheeks
jesh looking so majestic on top of the
rock looks fun it's a llama farm but
it's so pretty out here in Colorado guys
you're missing out
well we just got back from jumping off
cliffs fun I'm in approach to X now give
me one of those down Game four
fine thanks I party you have to drive to
the campsite oh we get all these like
cool
chipmunks okay we're driving there's
like thousands of chipmunks that keep
driving running in front of us
Jacob I don't take a freakin rat over
one well I didn't like growing up over
it he like ran over its legs it's like
looping off the road okay barely missed
it
Oh crush this leg so sad I know right
there oh yeah I don't understand why do
I endless have to run across the road
right when you're driving you think they
would like understand that like all
their buddy just got ran over by a car
it's not that I just saw dad hit that
car I know dad in a truck dad mom got
ran over
let's just go try to fool Jade Oh all
right now we're off the main road and
we're going onto our dirt road to our
campsite where we're gonna camp
obviously
Colton why don't you tell us your bra's
sinking back sister oh shoot I don't
even bring a diaper we're going off-road
you guys to get to this campsite
here and there's bugs everywhere we're
putting on off spray and it's hikes but
we have a fire pit going yes seriously
good fight perfect
bonfire finally got the big tent up
she's like a fine apartment Oh God
yeah scared me man
fine fire Wow perfect for cooking food
right here fire oh we're ready got all
our wood over here hey guys we're
camping now
oh sorry hunter time we're hiking now
guys
hey I'm sweaty
just hurry we don't have much time the
volcano is gonna erupt you hydrated we
have to go up there so hurry way up
there oh my gosh you can see everything
from up here
even that big lake where are you
slowpokes whoa the final watch oh all
right they're here they're not lost
geese brothers are here whoa you see the
snowy mountains as well you got up here
fast
faster than just look at the views
though Wow
we'll have to go to that Ridge right
there cuz there's a way better view
right there we found the real-life lakes
yes or rivers
they wanted to go down there but we
can't it's too hot yeah I mean we could
probably never if you hike up my leg
I'll wrap with some ways and you're back
we're climbing down the giant mound to
go to the river but let me just say this
day is going downhill faster than I
anticipated get it cuz we're going
downhill th right there it's not that
far and our ankles are cut up so we have
to stand in the walk good makes itch go
away yeah there's people fishing waiting
for the other boys just caught up
hey guys are in the middle of a river
now yep I got my hair all wet and it
feels good
cuz I was dirty it does feel good join
us
they're here finally the boys have
arrived
you've got fishing pole so we're you
know we're gonna be catching some fish
now let's get it boss up later tonight
on the fire wow that's cool there's a
guy
I feel good I'm a god Oh
swiping nope yo you should do like this
turn that camera around Chum beautiful
colorful I'm Jonas Colorado if this
doesn't make you want to move to
Colorado I don't know what will
Colton's finally joining the party ah
just don't catch us please
he made the bad decision of putting on
real life shorts instead of oh yeah sure
I got his bait and tackle right or is
that just so I don't know much about
fishing but if they lure there's five
fish over by Jacob
lay forward some records oh oh oh
standing up fellas we're done with the
river and we're gonna go back to the
camp
whoops what do you think you're doing
well channel down there enough trouble
frames nice uh-huh where you going
cooking suit over the fire looking
delish get it before it spills over guys
it's raining we're scared we have cooked
all SpaghettiOs pretty chill now but
it's raining we have to eat it with our
gloves on
yeah we literally just got done cooking
so it's perfect timing
all right
yeah 12% chance of rain and now it's
porn for some reason Jake and his
marginal Elvis life he would be the
blame everyone starting it repeats sake
clean that up
come on Steve man you getting it over
the Tanners nurse where's my biology
major Austin get over here
you can do it boss oh yeah good got a
beautiful pan on the fire for hot dogs
yeah buddy the big old bra I got Eagle
bra
there's no skeeters coming out so it's
kind of annoying but it was raining like
partic'lar dumped in the truly our chili
cheese dog thing you're mean like yeah
no it's totally true
you've been pranked superstring you
caught him you got him yes yes what is
that
it's called was his coach Jacob L just a
girl Ingrid's called more MORE that has
more a some more as we just made some
s'mores we each had two so this is my
second it was real life crew right here
hey what are we doing nothing okay go
away
Colton what do you have to say to the
camera this revisits our Boozer P more
than fishing and chomping around in the
river we headed to a two mile hiking
over a mountain well more than a few
miles cuz we went all kinds of like
random directions cut our legs up yeah
mosquitos been eating this whole day
just knocks lightly yet bug spray so we
didn't like getting destroyed we got a
few bites yeah bigger oh yeah we put the
marshal right here just to chill how do
I stay like that it's been this long as
you're still into it don't sacrifice a
perfectly good marshmallow oh wait hot
oh my gosh now bike uh yeah the most
dirty oh who cares about dirt you're
gonna have like chewy bites like really
crunch like the daughter said yeah hello
dodge the dirty part I hate Bell on the
ground there's dirt all over that's I
put it there I spit out the bad way
actually turned out pretty well
whatever America first warehouse right
all right breakfast time we got oatmeal
we cooked it over the fire YUM yes stop
that nope time to drive back where we
already left camps I didn't film any of
us
taking it down or anything but that's
okay because it's probably that
entertaining to watch working working
but we're driving to play some ground YZ
and going to get food it's tradition to
play ground YZ every time we come
camping and then go to a different
restaurant every time but I didn't want
to mention earlier in the vlog we took
we're at the cliff jumping place and we
took pictures we tried to at least
underwater but we did get some pictures
and we want to if you guys want to go
see the pictures we took we each took
them I'll leave the links to all our
instagrams below you can go see our
underwater pictures we took from the
camping trip so if you're not following
all of us on Instagram now I want to do
that yes Colton was looking on Instagram
right now as well he's sending me a
group picture we took an awesome group
pictures go to Instagram immediately
okay here it is again the best
playground ever it's a castle made of
wood this is for an elementary school
like lucky why don't we get something
like that
we still playground DS don't matter how
old wear this Santa's workshop
there's the ferris wheel
Santa's there right now do you guys want
to see him to me to say hi and I wanna
go say hi I need to give them my
Christmas list early this year
dad
time for lunch at Jose mouth dude this
is gonna be delicious fellas also some
rich man why we like Mexican restaurants
is chips and salsa you already know that
but Colton it's all about that free
chips and salsa like always always
almost about that hungry life yeah I
like we're running kind of like the call
me um people to rice and what is so I'm
as you can see we just devoured to the
chips and salsa here our second batch or
just our second batch that is we're icon
five minutes yeah not even mmm John Ross
is enjoyed trying something salsa
seriously Chuck Shelley no destroy oh
yeah there's one chug chug oh oh oh
see we just got another round of salsa
nobody's are in around I was already
digging in it's gonna be time to go
maybe we can get it all filled up on
chips salsa no time for a normal form a
meal
food is here are we staying hungry oh
thanks boss the other right not need
goodness
you always film we get food
Wow sorry you guys think it's food today
so happy it was just about
the other side
Jakob's digging into he said really even
join us food I'm enjoying my food
nee-naw students like it awesome is not
really happy what didn't you want like
more it's a lot of trouble yeah what did
you say to me I'm satisfied I'm almost a
define okay
damn still eating
Hawaii
Oh cold
Tim Oh Jeff let's get up like guys hope
you guys liked today's vlog is the
longest vlog end of camping 20 minutes
thanks for subscribing to our channel
and we hope you are enjoying your stay
make sure to tell a friend about our
vlog channel to see what they're missing
out on right right and yes we'll see you
guys tomorrow
yep goodbye
