what's your making toaster strudels Wow
it's like fire Wow
hey guys we're here at Andrew's house
cuz we're gonna prank today with him
because we need three people for this
he's gonna be the film of today so
anyone like you here high-five
how he helped us out with the pulling
$10,000 from people's hair so and we're
going we're doing something fun tomorrow
we're going to Cripple Creek which is a
casino so that would be a fun vlog
that will be fun what's Mike does she's
in town visiting we might film something
there oh no but we're gonna gamble our
life away
yep it's most blogged about this you
burnt the strudel dude oh my roll I left
it in socks I cook these toasters rules
now we're just playing Monopoly deal for
a quick bit while we can at least
like it's gonna rain out your folks if
it does we're screwed because apparently
his windshield wiper broke my Winchell
wiper a flipped upside down somehow
Mary was driving it this is how she
brought it back oh wow he owes you big
time we're just listening to something
Burlington Coat Factory yeah here's
where we're at today because we want to
get like a giant shirt Burlington Co has
really extra large shirt we're gonna
check and see if they have some oh my
goodness
what size shirt is a 6x I can have a
snuggle a few people in here yeah yeah
all right we're in the changing room got
our undershirt which is a 5 X out our
cover shirt which is a 6 XL and in our
sweatpants I got a trial on just oh you
look like one of those on yeah
and sane
their practice practicing out their new
outfit that's hilarious
if we follow things ever like yeah it is
a better house the outfit form-fitting
make a real last step I call go we just
do that why so we bought all the clothes
guys giant bag and we're here at the
mall so we're gonna try and get some
funny clips of us just Siamese awkward
Siamese twins just sounds fun I know
weird Siamese twins so we're gonna have
to go in the bathroom in there and like
just bring this bag and change in there
and walk around so shake like your Percy
next to that guy yeah yeah hopefully
we're probably gonna vlog so hopefully
we get some good clips we'll see you
guys soon okay right now I'm sweaty how
about you yeah we're so guys it these
outfits are insane like hot so it's just
like a sweat fest sweat fest but we've
got some really really funny clips and
now where are we
see what they do when we come in as
Saiga Misa twins
yeah and Aaron's gonna go in first but
he has to help us get dressed cuz it's
big pain but it's worth it yeah back at
the house
time to make some snacks real quick
andrew is making uh chicken pot pie one
sausage and gravy deep sausage and gravy
YUM and then I'm gonna go to my
grandma's for dinner basically she
invited me so yeah free food
that's how you get free food guys just
grandma's dinner ready cuz grandma's
love cooking for sons and grandsons it's
the best so that's how you roll I'm
driving to go pick it up Brittany cuz
she's coming to Grandma's with me and
it's raining here I knew it the weather
doesn't lie when I was saying damn good
nigga ok ha ha ha what hey guys so I'm
here with Brittany now we actually
didn't vlog at Grandma's house for
dinner
no idea just kind of hurry down the food
yeah and now she has to go home cuz
we're done with G Ma's we went to
Walmart yep but uh I just wanted to put
her in the vlog and say I'm hanging out
with her for real but I wasn't just
making it up ya know but guys we have
like less than two months till we get
married less than two months it's gonna
say I'm sane so oh my gosh yeah I don't
even know what to say moly yeah we're
gonna be may lead in the videos the
videos will continue yeah a lot of you
were saying like okay I'm gonna stop him
from doing the videos well no you're
just like they were like saying like are
you gonna still make vids and whatnot
yes of course
definitely definitely there'll be more
vlogs with us together in our new house
house but where we're living and whatnot
so it's gonna be exciting guys and yeah
hope you're ready for a journey yeah
it's gonna be fun hey I hope this boys
gimme kiss ha ha
sorry I'd to see ya guys oh I look cool
you can't even like see you almost I
know that's like a whole sun's just
blocking you
oh yeah bye hey guys thanks for watching
today's vlog I don't know where we left
off last so this may have to do by the
way there's Andrew in the background
this lighting is absolutely perfect and
we'll see you guys tomorrow because
we're going to Cripple Creek okay see
you later bye
here's the part where everybody goes
soup
