no no no you should have kept going I
was just being stupid for the livestream
yo yeah what's up guys hey so I haven't
vlogged in two days I don't know what
I've been doing loser Wow make a video
two days shut up I made a gameplay if
you guys follow our gaming channel but
right now I'm doing a gave o as you can
see right here it's kinda hard to see
the comments but yeah they said we
should do a vlog and I was like well I
haven't blogged today at all so what am
i doing
yeah and me and Kev have just been
Dorking around on the mic or whatever
shown what we've been doing hey yo you
are now tuned to the vlog I don't talk
about are you even recording hi guys
welcome back to the chase to studio blow
over quick
yep welcome back to new vlogs you know
me Kevin
yes something our Dog the Bounty Hunter
you know me I don't know what I'm saying
but I always hit home runs my Bunter
don't know what I'm saying I'm doing you
know me man I'm flying and I'm just
doing what I don't I've been rapping all
day I'm hey Jase new crew
welcome to the blood again wood let's
see you here please like and subscribe
because it helps us so much and please
don't forget to show your friends
because that also helps us so much ah oh
yeah
okay good that's like 45 seconds there's
a madman everywhere thanks for
subscribing to us I said thank you for
watching okay this is the end of the
yevo hey yo see you next time we got to
go play doh we got to make videos we got
stuff to do we gotta eat - man I could
really use some food really use a snack
a cool one though because we with Jace -
when you know that's how they roll where
is Andrew he's probably like in
Disneyland or a Californian I don't know
just get it man with his fiancee you can
call me Andre 3000 I am awesome you
don't want to mess with me I crisscross
them I stay really fresh like my teeth
straight flossing but I'm done though
back to the lab again watch out man I'm
packing heat and I'm stacking money
money money I'm just playing I'm just
being stupid please don't call me Doug
funnie yeah so I didn't blog it all
today as you can see it's dark outside
oh my gosh every time I come out here
guys I get still kind of gets scared
it's like I'm gonna rock it walk into
like a raccoon nest worm with it
somewhere
you're not welcome back wormwood I don't
know we're gonna do the rest of the
night probably go get food brainstorm
ideas I'm gonna do a Q&A vlog and I'm
doing it via Instagram questions only so
if you guys aren't following on
Instagram you're missing out on being in
the vlog you know what I'm saying
but yeah we have the setup in here I was
gaming me and Kev got this at the store
and we're playing it go check out his
channel
expert thief we played a little and you
uploaded it it's pretty fun only ten
bucks for this or eight nine bucks
pretty fun all right I'm so it's nine
o'clock and says we haven't done much
today we're gonna trot this new taco
place that opened by where we live so
rusty taco oh I want to mention this too
we've I mean camera we're leavin it no
we didn't we're just walking down the
stairs and somebody dropped this
apparently but it's not a winner but
they still dropped it I was still her no
no I thought it was interesting good one
getting a little weird okay I don't know
if this is actually a drug yeah I don't
think they ever drive through there is
not even a menu okay looks like we can't
go inside
that's gonna be a driver it probably was
before but since they bought it like so
here is the place
yes it is
hey buddy the $2 50-cent tacos pretty
nice we're getting it to go so yeah
Kent's got a very informed badge like
lightning over there it's not over here
I wish I was vlogging yesterday because
literally the Lightning was shaking our
apartment I remember that was not that
was oh right sorry the Thunder he's
gonna hit the ground it was just
blasting our apartment late all right
everyone comment below and be all funny
I can't see Kevin haha oh and I can see
his teeth ah that's why you can see me
now hey chicken fajita and more
buh-buh-bear he put a whiny man whatever
this is this one's much more look like
Oh max oh wow simple yet hopefully good
yeah we're gonna try with hots house
what you get I got pork one tiny little
piece of chicken ones kind of messy but
I guess that's what you get for $2 daddy
Oh dad Oh dandy teddy so friendly
but hey guys I'm back at my parents
house for the week basically cuz when
well Thursday we fly out for to
California because we're going to VidCon
with our fiance's I don't know if we
told you guys that already we we tweeted
about it but I can't remember if we
talked about in the blog or not so if
you live in California you might get to
meet us all if you want today we're
gonna probably fill them a little more
pranks all around California we got some
awesome claps one clap set up so I'm
excited for that and we'll tell you guys
about that soon also there's basically
like a week tell a contest is over and
you can click those in the description
the links in the description it ends by
the end of the month so if you want to
win some cool stuff click the links and
we still might be able to go to Norway
like it's insane like we have a really
good chance so I'm very excited and
thank you guys for anybody who has
clicked the links and just entered the
contest cuz it's really helped us out
but I think that's all we got for today
hope you liked the Vagos
see you guys mo
I'm such a freak
