well howdy everybody in how's it going
welcome back to more jobs yes can you
guys guess what we're doing today no hi
I'm so glad we got here I am we have a
gun museum Oh however I miss helium it'd
be so funny me too we're back for
another fun vlog we're gonna be going
through some drive throughs with some
helium balloons a classic more J Steve
log check it out we need helium tank
love these they're so great we also need
to get balloons you put that there and
maybe a quick snack try out this new
table game what's it called oh I don't
know pullback oh oh that's the starting
line start here Oh what you just push it
okay so start here like that
mine doesn't move
Cool J is way faster dog this box has
already been chewed up by mice the tank
whoa obviously guys be careful with
helium we don't recommend just doing
this but yeah you gotta be safe with it
but it is fun so guys check out this new
camera setup the sloth so what your
angle looks like you can see the screen
yeah so that's the angle continue and
you're very well cuz we usually hold the
camera like right here like I'll
actually like just hold the camera or
like put it on this bag so that's how we
usually do these sort of videos but hey
we'll try this one and see how it works
I don't think that look I mean although
it's a huge camera if that's like over
there you can't really tell yeah
whatever
alright Andrews going first are you
ready to do though yeah before we do the
drive-thru always like okay we can
improv it but we got to go into it with
some sort of theme yeah we always try to
come up with some sort of premise so we
got a brainstorm in that parking lot we
got this right here so easy access
fulfilled the balloon you ready I guess
try it's the first one so no
expectations some snacks
I'm actually vegetarian have you heard
of that disease do what do you recommend
on the menu that a person like me could
have
she was looking over you're very late
confuse we've been riding down a bunch
of different ideas that we want to do
and try out got some really funny stuff
guys all we were doing was sitting here
in this parking lot just coming up with
ideas and talking out loud and that's
how we come up with a lot of ideas just
we just play it all out we literally
reenact what we think is gonna happen
it's very funny so we got a good one now
all right so your turn last one that was
so funny cuz a lady came out I know
she's probably got tolls like hey go
check on this guy he's being very
strange she just gave Andrew the death
glare oh well here we are right Kentucky
Fried American W chicken she be the
balloon ah that was just got a really
funny clip and a custom make this
sandwich to make it look like a star so
we got to see what it looks like now
what I just ordered a burger and they
gave us like what is that it wait how
many things did you get I got one thing
there's fries engineer huh
okay does this look like a star they cut
it to make it look like a pizza
what star
they cut the top of the bun that's it
that doesn't you know Jimmy well maybe
they did something to the other thing
okay let's see but we did you call this
a burger maybe they gave us an extra one
cuz they messed up the right Pratt this
looks terrible oh yeah this is the mess
up like well we can't sell that now okay
I love this it's so funny
we're gonna try the starboard both I
don't this is kind of a start that
tastes like up your olds burger what do
you think it's like 1960s Drive drive-in
movie snacks that's good see the hard
thing about doing these try through
pranks guys as we usually get a lot of
food and we're not you we don't eat like
tons of fast food so let's just
filet yeah okay weird the next
drive-thru oh that last clip was so
funny guys
I love when people kind of play along
like I got through the drive-thru lady's
like what did the doctor recommend as
you guys saw gotta love it
classic want some chicken tell me more
about this insane asylum deal going on
are you the charity work you guys are
doing with the insane asylum down the
road oh really
have you ever been there oh yeah okay
bye-bye how much is each cheese slice
I'm gonna be our 23rd for each light
tour making art quit
Wow Wow did they just give you a toy no
it's a car topper you put it on your
give you a toy but what did you get tell
them okay in the prank I have a dairy
allergy so I got this burger with 20
slices of cheese and he charged it was
only 20 cents extra and just trying to
get out and where it doesn't even fit in
the box okay open this slowly let's go
take a look at this beast Oh Garrett
asked for extra mayo as well good
goodness hold that up to your face 20
slices of cheese on this bad boy that's
insanity oh man you call this a
cheeseburger you want to try a bite it's
like I do but this is fine I'll try it
one bite I'm doing it for the vlog guys
leave a like yeah leave a like okay guys
leave it before Andrew each this leave a
comment let us know what is the craziest
burger you've ever ordered or gotten and
had a bite of this isn't the crazy
technically this isn't the craziest but
this this is up there 20 slices of
cheese alright give it a go - heist
taste I can't even get my mouth around
are the washing ever had it's just
cheese dude how heavy would you reckon
this thing is it's a hefty do it I
couldn't imagine if you actually ate
this what would happen to your bowels I
know even just like a normal person 20
slices of cheese that can't be good for
you night Gary a whole new experience
right here let's see if you I wonder if
you guys can beat it 20 slices yeah like
that drive thru pranks are just so funny
I don't know why we don't do it more
often but now just a good old time even
if like they don't react it's just fun I
got this coffee time for lunch
Oh Chipotle yeah man jump away I wish
they had a drive-thru they should do
that Oh guys Chipotle get a drive-thru
wow thanks
I gotta breo's and Britney's with us yes
look we're like literally
oh yeah you are
I guess so here oh we're all done with
the vid
or the prank Vitaly so we're heading
back to the house gonna edit it put to
get put it together and see how it looks
oh this is gonna be a funny one we got
some really good reactions I'm a lot of
people playing along giving good quotes
yeah and it's been a while since we
uploaded a prank video on RJ stu studios
channel so I'm excited about this one
hey guys we're back home we just
finished editing the prank and my
goodness
yeah guys go watch it it's over eight
minutes long of pure fun yeah yeah
because usually be like cut down we take
out the clips we don't really like as
much but this one it was like every clip
is just like man this makes me laugh so
go check that out
we haven't uploaded on that channel in a
while so go leave a like and leave like
on this one if you kind of like the
behind-the-scenes as well this is the
end guys we just want you to remember to
laugh daily and it's so important
there's so many ways we hope we can
pride you ISM laughter so we'll see you
back here tomorrow good bye
