hey what's up guys how's going today um
I'm at my parents house still I have to
go to the DMV to get a new license
because I'm of age now and I have to I
can't have no underage license I'm an
old man now here's my first try uh
license driver's license as you can see
under 21 yeah I had black hair in this
one so I have to go get a new picture
and get a new license and my camera
battery's low so I don't know if all I
hope I have enough battery to vlog some
of what I'm doing today because
otherwise I have to charge it up and
yeah I'm low on battery I'm low on gas
just what the heck alright here we are
hopefully they're not busy I feel like
this place is just always busy alright
got my driver's license they're sending
in the mail but now I'm getting a car
wash because I badly need it
oh wow these are the best don't even
have to do a thing see
oh my gosh a giant squid
I just cleaned out my car and it is much
better in here folks
oh wow and I like coming to this carwash
too because once you wash your car they
give you free vacuums so it can clean
everything out so ya know I guess it's
time to go get some lunch cuz I have a
free chick-fil-a card and ya here at at
chick-fil-a and see on the receipt I
just got the last time I went but
sometimes you get these enjoy a free
chicken sandwich on us just about this
briefing and boom you know we bout that
free food like she pretty much with no
pickles prepare for me thank you
alright guys it's near the end of the
day and now I'm hanging with Jake's and
we're making a video trying then go to
all the first couple clips it's kind of
windy outside we are filling outside so
we're gonna go into like Target now we
have a funny list of dumb ideas for
worst prank ideas trying to film
something new for that yeah but if all
goes well I'll see you in a video i hope
i wish i would have logged the salad his
mom made it was the best salad i it was
good and that's why we didn't start
filming earlier because we were having
like yummy yummy food yeah we're back
from pranking a little bit got a few
clips with Jake's
yeah and he bought some clothes cuz it's
his birthday it's not his birthday i got
you oh man i'm funny aren't i know in
about a month good god Jacobs gonna be
twenty five five and a half on your
birthday you're gonna be five and a half
you can guess my real age in the
comments like what I'm about to turn
only true fans won't know yeah time for
a nice drink by the way are you gonna
have some with us you're invited but you
can't because you're too far away nope I
think Jimbo is right over there watching
vlog oh he's in this house okay let me
know if you hear this Jim if you heard
that come on over right here okay
smoothie time already to have fresh
mangoes Wow oh yeah guys here's a
ingredient she made the salad with by
the way she nets grapes
yes cilantro and real life chives and
jalapenos
okay well that's Jacob's dog Benjamin J
have actually gave him a whole name his
name is Benjamin woodchuck hard cider
very soon you didn't do that last last
time you're going above and beyond
Jake's anything worth doing is worth
overdoing
special matching cups first movie oh you
did not just do that mine and hers okay
which one to go for we're playing pool
fellas and this is a really interesting
pool table Jake's has listened to some
our city whoa shot Scott what'd you call
him Scott oh well here's Justin he's
putting on his shoes I need to work in
the morning and go to bed by 9:30 here
good night hanging huh yeah
