breakfast
this is eggs if you're wondering cap is
here today well just look at the bacon
Salas breakfast is served with bacon by
mi eggs some strange Vil man is on our
deck I don't know what he's doing I
didn't even call him over he's just
vacuuming the deck for no reason
so thanks man so as you guys know in the
last vlog I said somebody sent us a
picture of Andy bulb and you guys never
fail - how beautiful is that posted on
our Facebook page and just wow
all right now are at Andrew's house our
friends back here bub he's like very
sick oh you picked him up with silly oh
he's so happy now remember this guy's we
get the close-up of Bunney did to death
got huge eyes doctor duty he's never
been so loved before in his life he
sauce Kev's never been to the spring so
we're showing him around a little bit J
jump daddy it's Buford he their spirit
the Andrews backyard tell him about this
stump yeah that it's huge treat here you
can tell by how big this stump was I was
just invading it at a house spirit and
soul as you can tell she's breathing
like an asthmatic man
we're oh he almost killed me
good morning here it's 3:00 p.m.
I've already been up went to soccer camp
got super tired came back took nap for
entering the Garden of the Gods of
Gondor yeah you had cats never been here
so we're gonna go climb some rocks and
just sang an adventure yeah to rock
formation is called the kissing camels
one and a lot because like camels were
kissing yeah does it get out of the car
to take a sick picture holy we should
take it with the pros right there hey
guys glad you made it
it's cool cuz you know like Heike some
parts it says you can't but these are
people you should be careful with
there's lots of bugs and snakes in here
holy get out of the way buddy
Wow I don't think we're gonna be on a
pack
 yeah protect yourself the desperate
Kev's uh got his hair curled you can
kind of see it his hair and I'm taking
this enough here he got a manicure or
what I got it was right it is twisted he
got a perm
I got jheri curl back but he's not
taking off cuz he's kind of sad I don't
want to reveal right now especially on
this stupid vlog it's like it's like an
unboxing or an unboxing right here hey
guys 502 controllers it's just like
video games when they release it you set
a date and then you have an unrefined I
think I will reveal it depends what I
want to do huh
that is one chubby bird things in the
law you got that look at it Andrew good
big that thing is
can't see it yes Wow get the views from
your folks can see everything what is
this beast
this is a good-looking misers
very nice place to chill though that's
for shell only we had a picnic that'd be
fun it's dumb though we want to keep
climbing but all these dang signs no
hiking baby bear $500 Fang yeah bring
this little cavern let's go take a look
it's cool in here nobody can see me hey
hey what what the it's a fort or Gondor
we just hiked from over there I think
yeah that's where we were came down here
those rocks came down on us probably
heard a thud oh wow house ouch
hey hello whoa where the heck is Andra
are you stuck in there I'm stuck in here
what the really cool like little beds if
it's raining you go here yeah you guys
we all made it up to the bug beds or
whatever about meds yeah looking here
it's like little holes all over the wall
here and it's nice and chilly in here I
like it yeah we sure like what you think
lives in there bats no too much poop
yeah it's the whole floor is just
covered in poop we're supposed to stand
on poop he made it are you staying there
no Justin made it well this was I was
talking about the floor is just poo it
was like a birdcage in here but there is
Larry right here oh yeah he
protecting his nest is he gonna attack
no Larry
all right I and he's gonna do an ouch
just watch huh we're back in the car Wow
Oh better you are Garden of the Gods
right now
diandra and Kevin Oh finally Mike Gikas
come out from the clouds all these damn
mountains yes it's welcome to Jurassic
Park
now we're at the leaning rock of doom
let's take a look at this folks look at
this thing
we have the walls are up to me look at
under here this is literally hanging now
the squirrels just chilling up a tree
Rainier you see he's eating a cherry
right now he's very happy of himself
look at them
whoa whoa he's near falling off the tree
huh
breathe um lunch is served
griefs haha be serves Oh Teddy this is
just big bad cookies all thanks to
Angie's mom this is just so thank you
don't tip the waitress yeah Kevin okay
fine Noah's boy would even eat with me
rip now we're trying to be like that did
eerie sigh screen place we went to in
California that's a look but we will
have lunch with a cookie that's what keV
already has one yeah no I'm ready let's
try
look okay so they have watermelon Oreos
I'm very confused right now I'm gonna
try one this is just weird Oreo and
water Mon why
just like watermelon candy yeah weird
I'll have this it so weird like two
styles
I know well those are pretty good too
yeah speak to Edmund I will have this oh
I have that as well you want something
yep yes
Oh guys thanks for watching today's vlog
and look what we're playing before we go
the new battlefield hardline beta so
we're gonna be making some gameplays
with this because you know you love bow
feel
Oh Andrew and before we go we did want
to mention that opera coast is still
giving away iPhones and iPads and other
cool gear till the very end of this
month and so we're going to leave two
links in the description one you can
enter the contest and two you can
download the app because it's really
cool app so it's a basically a win-win
situation because you guys can win some
iPads and some free stuff and then we
might even get a chance to go to Norway
and do some pranks and vlogs and you
guys imagine that so click the links in
the description and let us know what you
think and yeah I guess that's about it
bye wait t-shirts soon - oh yeah custom
t-shirts are in the works very soon no
yeah week ish well we'll see you later
bye bye
Oh
Oh
