hi guys guess what me and Andrea are
down in the springs for basically the
week mainly me because my parents are
gone further the week till Thursday and
so I have the whole the whole house to
myself
and so I'll tell you in a minute we're
making we're making vlogs and we have
something to do in this vlog we are
pranking today so we just came back here
from pranking I want to show you this
company sent us some something where is
it here it is I'll give it to you they
sent us this box and we're gonna try it
in today's vlog so the company is called
JD's Soulstice season it and look at the
apprentice
JB's Bloody Mary Mix salsa in seconds
and seasonings hot mild hot so we just
went to the store and bought some diced
tomatoes to make the try out the salsa
and tomato juice to try out Bloody Mary
so we'll make that and try it out and
we're not sponsored by them by the way
they didn't pay us to do this we're just
doing it because it's cool and they're
gonna send us stuff then we're gonna try
it so if you're a company and you want
us to try something you have hit us up
Wi-Fi
does anybody know where that's from
yeah and also yes yeah we'll go play
that also while we are Walmart we were
exploring around and we found a free
samples bin of like protein bars or no
whatever these are the caramel pretzel
bliss and dreamy coconut so we took two
since they were free now we're going to
try some oh and here's Teddy he's
hanging with us today I'm gonna take a
look at the composition of this hmm
interesting yet quickie it's an almond
joy state smell it tastes like almond
joy in harder forms I'll have to try
that's weird
mmm that's a healthy home enjoy so here
all the ingredients we're gonna try it
Oh enjoy your JD salsa thank you
okay let's try this first
yeah it's mild yeah it's 25 serving
sighs I'm ready when you are amigo
okay what the heck one scoop equals two
tablespoons add one scoop of salsa
seasoning to a 14.5 ounce can of two
petite diced tomatoes wow we actually
got the teeth yes we just guessed Teddy
you really want some oh well there's our
scooping
with the smelling guilt well it smells
season he's powerful thank goodness
they're the scoop in here well this is
on the edge you have to mix it up or
whatever yeah you think okay so did you
mix it up or we have to you go like this
whoa I'm glad this company sent us this
they must have known we like food
they're sick of us eating now okay go in
the meantime it says for best results
chill for 30 minutes so we're gonna do
this they'd have a Bloody Mary in the
meantime yeah that'll be good well
that's half that'll just do okay God
yeah well Bloody Mary coming right up
sir
okay
smells like v8 ready it smells like the
woods
let's try that's actually really good
you just it tastes like tomato juice but
then like there's spices in my throat
yeah and it tastes good yeah wow that's
like I usually don't like v8 that much
with that was good what are the
ingredients again salt spices red pepper
celery seed black pepper chili pepper
fine Wow I did not think I'd like this
this is like this taste way I mean it
tastes summer but this like when you add
this stuff oh my gosh it's very good
Wow today is just tomato day intestines
can handle this tomatoes you get a good
amount I'm trying just don't want all
spices or all four meats okay let it
settle for a sec go wow it's really good
really yeah here uh-huh
it just turns Tomatoes right into salsa
simplest salsa I've ever made
try again impress your friends guys just
put this in sauce make guys just made
some homemade salsa homemade salsa call
me this salsa
welcome to Chili's their new salsa
Denton do you feel the true prize a
shout-out to JD's salsa seasoning mix
you guys this place is good so I'll
leave a link in the description of their
company if you want to check them out
they have all these products if you want
yeah if you want to try them out I mean
they probably really appreciate it and
we thought it was good so where can you
go wrong go right now even just go and
check it out just click let's see what
that okay what are you doing over there
okay alright so we're bored right now
and interest tokens on prank dial calm
sorry about that
I sure do I got seven of them so and so
we like prank calling our friends
oh we're prank calling Jarek right now
so let's see how it goes we're prank
line Jarek and you can type in what
number is clunk from so people put down
an exact James number all right from him
banana man I doubt anybody remember him
but he's another friend a friend of
friends so yeah but they look yeah they
like basically live together out at all
we'll see what he does Paul is complete
ready to let me ask you a question why
we should say texture they're calling
the house AK got on the phone Frank was
lame homie
hi Donald the d-word need your anger
bacon clubhouse Mike we made for you
uh yes got some kind of teddy hair my
mouth anyways oh yo so I've been talking
to Andy about the bald
Andy foundation he doesn't want to go
bald guys but I was thinking somebody
who's good at Photoshop Photoshop a
picture of Andrew bald to us I don't
know if you can find the picture of him
or just take a screenshot there's
pictures on his Instagram so make any
bald somebody and tweet us or send it to
us in a picture or something what do you
like here we are guys were on air live
ps4 streaming hey guys it's me and we
got our mic here so do you guys ever
watch twitch TV you should come and
follow us for our life screams just
started doing it oh it's just really fun
we got 21 people in here just hanging
having a good time yeah oh it's like
midnight so it's pretty good stats for
midnight
I thought TV show on Greg allowed you to
follow us on twitter at gue squad gaming
yeah we'll try and upload more goo squad
we always say that but we're serious all
right guys I'm just chilling it's a new
day by the way I'm still chilling here
with Ted
he saw me eating food and really got
jealous as you can see he wants it still
even though it's gone right now I'm
waiting to watch The Tonight Show with
Jimmy Fallon want to know why because
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are gonna be
on tonight and they're airing the new
trailer for Dumb and Dumber to and like
Dumb and Dumber is like one of my
favorite movies and Jim Carrey is like
one of my favorite actors so this I
don't know how this day could just get
any better so yeah I'm just waiting
right now
impatiently for it just come on it comes
on here in about ten minutes so I'm
ready guys
Teddy dad Oh baby
haha
someday we mean Andrew will be on this
show so I just finished editing this
vlog you're watching right now and of
course there's no ending what are we
thinking for thanks for watching today's
vlog guys hope you enjoyed it it was
pretty fun trying that seasoning and
whatnot so make sure to follow us on
Instagram I'm at its Justin Stewart I'll
leave the links in the description if
you're not following us on the Instagram
we like posting cool pics sometimes it's
a joke I just posted a goofy video and
so did Andrew and so come join the fam
guys um yeah but that's about it for
today we'll see you later bye bye
