uh-huh so this smells like daddy butter
in here daddy
what your on-camera bra look I'm wearing
my nightgown hey guys we're chilling
here and as promised we have all the fan
mail that we are going to open up in
this vlog
are you ready just don't make one of my
tight shirts haha look at Andrew he
looks like a dork
I wear this right before bed so we have
we're gonna save these to the priority
meal for the last and all the letters
we're gonna open now so let's do this ah
and what do I see right when I open it
I'm not sure Andrew go bald ha ha maybe
is Noah her Justin Andrew love your
videos and pranks you make you guys make
me laugh every time you make a video
dear Kevin holy oh my god haven't got
like it and now heaven gotta like a care
package and we got just like a grenade I
don't know you know what I mean okay
this is from Preston hi yay of the worst
way just so hopefully all mailman
doesn't screw this one up
yeah I'm happening before but he did not
screw this up
did Justin enjoy not Kevin haha yeah
that's pranksters on YouTube thanks
you're the best
that's basically his letter in a
nutshell doesn't it Andrew not Kevin
you're funny Preston London it says
Preston in London so maybe they're like
brothers Oh
letters are golden Pringle a Golden
Eagle huh looks like a paper clip to me
alright
what those are dollar bill in here
under Wireless Steve Oh Justin Annie I
really like your dry ice fun video you
guys make funny pranks and I like Bros
in California you guys make the best
prank videos I will get my sexy $1 if he
gets a mullet can have your signature
from Zephyr oh hey Cohen where's the
name oh let me zoom in Cohen this is our
dollar just for no reason
see II know that's for Kevin to get a
mullet keV get this only if you get some
bullets
otherwise it's ours what's in this that
face is list
haha - Kevin this is an Xfinity stick -
Kevin hi sexy oh that's sick actually I
do like that it looks like a superhero
like in the mix of Iron Man whoa whoa
what happening ah I remember you tweeted
us this what oh yeah that catalyzed me
am I gonna graduate graduation
announcement yeah has a picture of
Andrew nicho please sign your name on
the spot of your face but do not cover
your face this is nice we'll sign this
for you and send it back for sure we
have a letter here
dear me Andrew Kevin you guys the best
youtubers ever I've seen all your videos
and he's thinking about making a channel
himself but do you have any good ideas
for me or depends on what you do
he's 11 years old so well it depends I'm
like well you like hard to drive around
the different spots yeah it's kind of
hard for us to tell you what to do it's
just you got to do it you wanted you man
his name is Brandon oh I also will have
trouble getting funny ideas for videos
how do you guys do it you just I mean no
you just use brain and it seems to work
and you got an envelope nice job with
the stamp yes this is from uh Hunter I
think
I love your videos they're really funny
I was looking for new videos each
hourglass and equal to no problem
I had drawn something for Kevin if you
give it to him no problem
no no get it together wait oh hey what
the Bronco Kyle of blue and orange by
the way this man's right
what so sorry I type this on the back of
my Spanish homework oh my back
you got all 11 out of 15 nice yeah
that's decent first of all this is aways
what is we we I mean
wait wait my name is Michael Johnson
from Tahoe California not Michael Jones
the fastest runner I'm actually a short
a short scrawny Italian guy that likes
watching all your yes hello to you
Justin Andrew and get that camera out of
my face Kevin good thanks for watching
our videos to send a letter I mean
there's a lot here don't read it yeah
thank you sir this is from Nick you're
just on Andrew I love watching your
videos
he likes the collabs we've done and our
vlog Channel I made a hole a graphic and
I put in its we used with screenshots
from our videos whoa
I want to check it out I'm gonna see if
I can zoom in okay that looks like
squeaky shoes and that looks like
falling this is from my name is Neil
dear Jason is my name is Neil I wanna
say thank you brian is 'i'm gonna make
me laugh my butt off every day this year
your butt cheeks you guys are flipping
funny the best printer has ever seen
wonder if I get an autograph from
everyone in Jesse's shoes as a birthday
gift please and thank you so much your
true broski for life
I will write more so remember me
who is this no Jake tell cab to read his
on the camera this is for put a stamp
right here
I like stamps dear us you may remember
me from another video why was your third
letter in the vlog singing in the
grocery store whoa
I haven't watching your video since
Kevin moved in you inspired me to be
myself and never give up here is 1
million dollars to get Andy balled taped
on the back yeah
you guys will never beat this he gave us
1 million dollars there's a 1 million
dollar 1 million dollars for bald Andy
help support the ball 280 foundation
yeah you guys are hilarious did you
support he put in a box not real money
really serious we can't spend this aw
Kevin please post on mortgage - yeah you
need to upload more you're lacking man
I've been watching your videos since
2010 in your old apartment you've
inspired me to go for my dreams and
never stop you should know that you are
my favorite youtuber and your biggest
fan and I'm your biggest fan you have
been making funny videos forever my
favorite is your watchdogs video thing
thanks bro
I appreciate it favorite youtuber means
you guys suck awesome I'm just uh haha
thank you though it doesn't say his name
oh I think we has a letter Jake I'm
gonna send you guys mail for me why did
I keep sending you an email for you guys
because you don't have appeal box why
they even
because they want to send you meal okay
and cabs not grown Amol he said boy hey
Andrew Justin I get an autograph from
both of you
not Kevin haha all you guys sending us
mail like friends you always say the
same thing oh here's malarious also hey
my brother does not know I would say
away but I can put but I can can I get a
shout-out please my birthday is on June
19th so I'll be like I'll be turning 12
yes happy birthday PS my favorite person
is ball so uh I think he meant both but
maybe that is boss hahahaha my favorite
persons both no I think it's ball how
does he know about that
this is not I don't member saying that I
call you bah fight somewhere the ball
Oh Boff yeah buddy i slurred to make it
sound Boff Oh
anyway Maya me right I don't is that
Maya
I don't know I'm all confused now
because your letter says Rayburn on the
front so we don't know a guy or girl
sorry
is it candy this dog food know what this
is
enjoy dinner from Mike Tyson or Iron
Mike the fighter let's do this is dunk
food I swear there's no way that's just
normal snacks we got already opening
this there's got to be explanation by
the letter is the monkey he looks like
it worse
thanks for registering for Yale ho
summer ranch three weeks dedicated to
producing file waste on the sheriff's
boots and kickin up mud wall wrangling
hogs what's happening don't go this note
is from the camp counselor chimp
McGilvery I hope you that I hope you
enjoy the bag of Dindin me and my team
prepared you yeah I'm back in jindo
confuse right now is that that boy Yosh
this one says do not bend so thank
goodness the mail later ruin this one
like the other one we got oh this is
gonna be cool I can already tell ah it
says hoy and then J search it is and
then money and written and then a a whoa
sick noses in here there's a this is
from amber by the way with a return
envelope so I'm guessing you want
something she has nice handwriting I can
already tell and a stamp this is it long
Wow I don't know if we're gonna read
this on camera looks very long and
personal so thanks amber
thanks amber trust me we read your
letter and the big box has arrived
and I remember this is an imminent this
is from Dustin an attendant attendant
it's pie-der-man I hope I'm saying all
right maybe it's just easy I remember
she tweeted me about she was just
wanting to send us a box and it's here
we're gonna start with the first items
Oh looks like this I we've gotta try
these on yeah next items yes excited why
we can duel are you just talking about
this we can have a sword fight remember
oh you're fine yeah okay we're gonna
duel with the swords with these oh yes
there be a Battle of all battles
oh that beef jerky no this is a pirate
I'm or a pirate hat with I Eric's
freaking yes
their heads are very good I love her
head stripes
what new flavors
last force guns yes this is gonna be an
epic we gotta have a water fight here
she is that all those water guns
yeah you guys are so hilarious my mom
and I were watching five madness videos
we die crying every time you guys have
been talking to me on Twitter and I'm
still hardcore fangirling so van drawing
a spider web edition yeah
there you are you think you can test me
how J into my kingdom
sometimes I hate your neighbor this
calls for a duel in a duel yeah
you
so hey as you can see we had some fun
randomness with these props so thank you
to everybody who sent us stuff your
support and what we do means a lot and
you guys
you
