friends family and everyone in between
welcome to a new day and a new vlog and
we're actually at a new hotel because
we're not in Hilton Head Island anymore
we're in Charleston South Carolina and
sorry here's our nice little pad
let's close the blinds so we don't have
violators but yeah today um we're gonna
be doing a few things what are we doing
right now mom we're just doing a bunch
of random stuff today so whatever we do
I'll bring this and well this is a nice
hallway and look the pool is right up
here what library what I missed that the
first time coming up here Wow
yeah TV and everything this is a nice
hotel also a little later I'm probably
gonna be doing like a little Meetup
so out here's the restaurant here
like couches just everything here is
like so nice
we've been walking again now we're on
marketplace I think lots of horses here
it seems like that'd be fun thing to do
and guys it is so hot here you have no
idea like the humidity it's 86 degrees
with humidity only feels like 85 sure
feels way hotter than eighty seventy one
percent humidity make it out of the
coolest ethic they got hard stuff four
days here I think they're a little late
/ early well I think school all made out
of connects hey guys look it's squirrels
he's so friendly I drink so much bear
last nap that I walked across the thames
floor to get another glass i won the
dance contest
Oh guys if only Andrew is here we could
go to this place called the pepper
palace and find like insane hot sauce
for challenge videos they're going yeah
we need to figure out what hot hot hot
sampling the sample he's he's gonna die
eat lunch on for a council must be 18 to
sample maybe a badge it'd be bad wait
all right Claire that's the one drop
less product that's seriously hot yeah
it's made with the Carolina Reaper
pepper which is the hottest pepper in
the world right now are you see
try I'll do it with you are you like
immune to hot stuff no I just really
really like it my name is Roger have you
ever heard of dad Bettis well come here
for free dad lives have you ever heard
of dad Edison no here's some free
diabeties just choose your flavor free
diabetis which diabetis to you they have
a diabetic feed oh they have diabetic
free are you serious diabetic freebie
jellybeans
this gotta be the best day hey I saw her
at Waterfront Park we told some people
that we're gonna be here so a few fans
said they live here
so I said hey you can come meet me at
the park and that's where I'm going
my dad is here as well it's a pretty big
park so I don't really have a set place
that we were gonna go but it's got
awesome views and everything hey guys so
I'm here in uh what is it
Charleston waterfront waterfront park
and some folks came out to say hello
yeah
so let's what's your guys names Logan
Denise
marissa mica Eric oh yeah yeah so
apparently they watch our videos and
it's awesome they came out here to say
hello to me so we've been having a good
time is there anything you guys want to
say to the camera oh you have to tell
about what year your school Oh at my
school I showed your videos and my
theatre arts class to inspire my kids to
do comedy
so I remember a while ago she ordered
like bracelets and she gave him out to
like the whole class so I mean she's the
best teacher in the around the block
yeah our issue yeah I feel sarcasm we're
gonna do the probably just your crown
yeah we're gonna just be idiots around
here I don't probably falling cuz I
don't have mics but it's nice around
here so there's tons of people who film
so let's do this well he's going to fall
now our goat fall by though
okay so she is gonna ask them where the
bathroom is and then run the opposite
way
like a lecture waters Wow
is that allowed yeah the beautiful view
is running into the pier Wow we just
took group pictures by here it is nice
hey guys here with family friends as
well so Kennedy McKenzie Nicole James
and Chris it's a good time here it's
night time now here in the city
everyone's gone I don't know what this
is but it's sleep yeah that's a slave
slave house apparently it's like one of
the oldest right back at the hotel it's
time to wind down but not really
probably gonna hit up the gym maybe the
pool because it's nice here and why not
think the gym still open so let's go see
what it looks like all right
oh this is pretty nice chill gym I like
it got the running equipment and then
you got your dumbbells got a lovely view
here let's see what we can see the road
not too bad you guys I can play they
forgot to film an ending again sorry
about that
but that's about it thanks for watching
the vlog make sure to give it a thumbs
up if you enjoyed the fan meetup and
having that all that funny doing some
awesome pranks with fans thumbs up for
that but uh see you guys tomorrow you
have a good day bye
