sup guys back in Denver now like what
the heck after this o'clock
hey it's like 9 o'clock but this clock
is lying
it is not 4:45 somebody did this they
had a kiss it's about watch dogs hey I
have that game to go play holy crap it
literally just unwrapped this wrapper
yeah I have no idea to what even to
expect I just needed another game to
play besides battlefield 24/7 so I'm
hoping this will be half fun half Diet
Coke before Justin and I left the
springs and he went on vacation around
and plant these little spider bugs on
the wall on the walls there's one there
one there there's one there Jeff was so
confused when he came back from
Pittsburgh you say what good morning Oh
keV is up yes
Oh Kevin is up he said words yes this is
a different day and then when I first
got to Denver because yesterday I didn't
really blog at all just playing
watchdogs basically all day it's just
fun I really want to beat it because
hardly ever beat games just maybe this
would be a first time I can beat a game
yesterday it was like almost 90 degrees
is so hot and right now it's like
raining not very hard so I could walk
him to go get the meal walking in the
rain is kind of fun sometimes the whole
state of Colorado has been like insanely
green it's awesome look a nice Camaro
Justin and I almost rented a Camaro and
we're in California it's just a bit too
expensive so you went with the Mustang
hey all right we got a few snacks in the
mailbox this is not fan mail by the way
our fan mail goes up p.o box this is
just normal business there's time for
some good old breakfast they like
Cheerios and then we have our vitamins
our personal trainer at lifetime so we
weren't allowed to eat gummy vitamins
anymore because there's too much okay oh
well I don't care mmm so good I don't
know I'm really tired today for some
reason I guess it's time to play some
watchdogs and try to wake up all right
guys I've pretty much played watchdogs
all day didn't vlog at all
oops do you have a new watch dogs
gameplay' coming out very soon I
probably upload this like today so this
vlog will come out afterwards
so go check it out it's pretty funny I
think so I was just sitting here editing
in Ag on Facebook for a few minutes and
this chick posts her number on there her
phone number
why are you doing that
because you know what's gonna happen
pranked out calm I'd like to order some
pizzas next yeah I just want to know why
she drop off these pizzas I'm not sure I
can't quite find the house it was it a
road I was a street what exactly was it
I was on top of the moon look and three
cokes this was to ride so I'm just here
to drop them off what I'm whatever body
up key no excuse me whatever party
occasion your have enjoyed your house
address or where you live
deliver these and get back to work yeah
at the end of why do you say that you
hear me look I don't care you got a
paper form hello nope nope you have to
pay form you order them that's how it
works this is great no yeah I want to
know who this is right now you better
tell me the truth right now don't even
know what I'm gonna do that one to the
same girl again I mean I need to wait
like probably at least half an hour so I
mean eat some pizza real life pizza
first and then we're gonna come back to
the prank call and then she's gonna be
way confused this could be a good time
good morning yet again this vlog is like
three days and like barely any footage
but oh yeah I didn't prank call that
girl again I can do it right now though
I just got too busy editing gaming video
I just anything gaming videos is really
fun so yeah I'm determined to get gaming
channel to 100k so we can get a plaque
do squad gaming you're so funny but it
would be cool I'm determined all right
let's do this
another prank call coming at you live
it's the same girls last night so just
probably be very confused that lasts
very long but it's like it would be that
rude
she says she's busy I shut your mouth
such a nice day out today I went on a
run this morning outside boy oh boy I
was a great idea by me so nice oh I
missed you're going a little skateboard
journey
who else agrees yes how did you see my
work I think the pool is open go check
it out hey they're square ah two
squirrels can I try Jimmy you're eating
all the nuts
hey guys hey you want to come play James
James I see you looking at me James
okay that squirrel is eating this it's
like an end of a coconut
where the heck said that coconut come
from we're in the middle of Colorado
this ain't no Hawaii
pools finally open yes with your the
pool in the lake you can rent these
little boats here these guys are out
here zoom in just paddling along looks
so fun
so I'm go get Kevin see if you wants to
come out here play well looks like no
Lake Adventures right now I gotta go
help Mary pack up some things so she can
move from her apartment I've arrived in
Boulder this is where he lives coming
down this hill always reminds me of
Jurassic Park just looks like it
we have arrived at various apartment she
lives down there hello hi we're moving a
desk a desk you just finished packing up
my car she's taken to the springs for a
day we got everything in here everything
that we were gonna do today so we're
going to Einstein see you soon so I'm
gonna drive Mary's car for the rest of
the day how dairy
there's the Cu campus there being a
quick snack at Einsteins yeah we we
filmed by two videos here wherever we
are see you know nice see you
we filmed some of Siri in the library
and like the spider bugs jumping spider
bug crane time to dry it back down to
Denver
goodbye Boulder that dinner time soon
and made some chicken we got some
chicken for grilling then you're making
yummy chicken you need some yummy
she isn't him this is for steaks and
burgers butts so good on chicken we got
fire fire in the fire okay I forgot one
vital ingredient you need some sauce and
this one apparently is really yummy
we're gonna go a sauce just a beer would
be is all right got all sauced up time
to add a little sniff hey the grill take
this just lay it on the grill ah I will
be back okay so while that's grilling
we're gonna get the ingredients ready
for a yummy delectable yet delicious
smoothie I've got our strawberries and
some milk and then you throw in some
strawberry ice cream and that's all you
need one key to being a grill master is
you want to flip it and very often don't
leave it on the grill on one side too
long there's Jade a JC Cerritos grilling
tip of the day that chicken looks good
and yes I did clean this before eating
on it
so don't get in those comments and give
me eating outfit did you play fit the
raw chicken bit
no I cleaned this so let's dig in
all right we got our meal here this
delicious-looking chicken some nuts and
then our smoothie but I think that's all
for the vlog so thanks for watching
Justin should be back today today is
Saturday by the way so it should be back
today hopes so just upload a new prank
so check out really funny just being
awkward so see you at least next time
showdown
