well how do you everybody welcome back
to more Jase - are you guys ready for a
good laugh today I am because you know
what you got a laugh Daly am i right
laughs daily everyday that's over here
for well Andrew tell what do we got
going today what I did we have in the
can so this restaurant opened up fairly
recently it's called the fat Shack and
they just have a bunch of like
deep-fried stuff which I never tried it
I never tried either I see now it's kind
of disturbed I was like what is this
yeah I don't think I'd ever want to eat
there but we're gonna try it out today
but in a different way so let's get the
day started
and show you what's happening yeah whoa
oh wow look who's here
hello Nick chick-fil-a good choice yes I
want that yeah okay so we need to get
into that shed thing yeah errantly lead
the way keys the keys are in my car
what you wanted to point this out well
it wasn't actually snowing earlier today
now it all melt itself so do you guys
remember our huge muscles video we have
these ninja costumes that we put under
our clothes that make us look like
really muscular big guys so we're trying
to get one for Nick but their clothes
and this is the second story went to
hello only one had all their stuff still
in the store they're just so sorry we
don't feel like opening and making money
anymore
well now what yeah 7/7 second
you actually want to save it uh-huh
numbers by I'm about to dive in Oh how's
that meal
oh it's nom nom nom yeah so since
Andrews eating I'm just getting a quick
beverage inside Whole Foods because
guess what they came out with this new
coffee it is absolutely so good insane
here this it is nitro bood nitro brewed
maple coffee it's one of these
sweet thank you
what do you think that's good is it
insane because they told me that they
not only they soak the beans overnight
or whatever it is overnight but they use
maple syrup here we are Party City they
better have something okay okay we found
a muscular spider-man muscle shirt that
might fit you try it on okay oh it's
just the shirt that's pretty nice what
fits and the you look huge
oh yo B hem will fit right in with the
muscular boys we can be the bicep
sisters taking a quick stop back at the
house to upload the newest goofs quad
gaming video guys go check it out goo
squad gaming we have a gaming channel it
is funny and we got his keys finally so
we can go do this we are back finally
got the keys Andrew Nick no it was you
who was it guys sorry anyways that would
be a good prank
easily walk us in there Shanna but more
importantly yes you still do have them
oh yeah bring them out okay it is time
to change into the outfit so you ready
for this 3 2 1 yeah oh yeah let's check
it out
we all got our
little life hack for you guys just buy
one of these costumes and you look
ripped all right now the world ripped
should we go walk up some of this food
yeah because you don't like since we're
bodybuilders we have to keep our calorie
intake at maximum capacity yeah I trust
me guys this place has all the calories
yeah we're pulling up
it's the fat jack but our muscles do we
need a game plan
we're going in we're asking what the
most what should the question be we want
the most the most calories or most poor
game or both both most calories in
protein whoa what Oreo deep-fry Oreo Joe
that's for dessert fellas fried dessert
oh no we have to get some for trying
the Travel Channel she sticks chicken
primers jalapeno poppers and mozzarella
sticks french fries onion rings and
that's just on a sandwich right yeah
okay you like deep-fry the whole
sandwich too so are we just gonna get a
sandwich to split with me my friends
ready to order guys me I'm ready
corner of the
but
yeah man I got you dog Tommy thank you
thank you open it up boys oh I can smell
them that buffalo sauce you know ash how
many years to see what this looks like
keep in mind this has motto sticks
french fries what else onion rings
mac and cheese balls chicken fingers
what in the world this looks insane for
games you know oh yeah my biceps love
this sandwich now let's give her a bite
Wow hey there's a lot going on too many
flavors you can't fully describe one
thing we didn't ask is how many calories
are in this and how many grams like you
may die if you eat these very often
there's a big chicken tender yeah don't
forget to search guys coming up soon at
the dessert
kind of scared be honest
whoa let's taste pretty good all right
yeah smells like a funnel cake yeah it
kind of did taste like it take a bad
breath all right like the Oreo soft - it
was like
I think we're ready to go work out guys
this is a baby meal this pre meal is
gonna set us up for success in the gym
for big muscles you know I can't wait
for dinner later yeah this is just the
preamp attire bright literally all the
appetizers just the sandwich let's look
at this mess right here
you got your creatine yeah let's go work
out okay we're back in the car
honest opinions I understand some people
like that food but I don't you guys know
we're usually on the health train when
it comes to eating we try and choose
more healthy options but this is the
epitome of the word fast-food employees
that is just heart attack central you
just don't go there too often if you
like it yeah I just I don't recommend it
but wow we did try it so yeah I think we
need to go work out let's go
some good snacks the fat chick so you
guys might try it once it's okay yeah
anyways we appreciate you watching today
guys and I hope you laughed don't forget
to laugh daily and we'll see you back in
the doctor rep read this nut yep bye
