hey guys so today we have arrived at the
zipline place and hoping I can film some
of it because I don't know where to put
my camera like when I'm gonna be
swinging around like Tarzan but I may
just bring it up and try and film some
of it but yeah we're gonna be doing this
today and yeah I guess what we're gonna
find out what we're noon today
so let's scale are you guys ready for
some ziplining
yeah no Hannah no for Hannah yes Isaac
huh mom no why are you ready I'm scared
I think Derek's more scared height for
me
yeah Heights are scary but once you like
just enjoy the fundus of it the
scariness goes away yeah it is fun I've
done it once but not not ready
I have left my mark on the clipboard so
if you ever come here just know I've
been here high five people can stand on
the outside of the dead here facing in
you guys look fantastic these helmets
these helmets were you pump born in
Maryland all dressed up and ready
looking at night and formal yeah he just
gave me a very nice nickname as you see
Justin Bieber and sugarplum Oh bubble
butt oh we're leaving Derek Montana
skittles man one day
but in here he hasn't helped me off
putting it there oh yeah Charles come
back anytime no I'll come back it was
nicknames where's mine thing rattles
going up to the first appliances how do
you feel about the girlfriend
Go Go Pro those are awesome I've heard
good and bad things
Dana how'd you feel about your first run
good
are you scared now looked very scared
you look scarcely mom with faces over I
wasn't even scared come on big ern
better go dad
okay Harry whoa yeah dad yeah dad
yeah nice right serious I would do that
too oh yeah we're hanging hanging nice
long bridge here and then we're going up
high yeah oh my vaca moly let's go
ouch my head oh wow this is hard - doing
it all filming but I'm a master okay
yeah I really am Indiana Jones
oh thank goodness they have water I was
getting a bit thirsty alright guys we
just made it to the highest part but one
of the highest parts of the zipline
thing so
he's sad yeah Hannah's going first I'm
last and goes across here got a nice
view
well like wow there's a racetrack at the
end me and Hannah are gonna race it's
gonna be epic but look - if you're
scared of heights like me
that would wreck business oh nice yeah
this isn't good news guys not good news
already no that's a good sign
well he sits there get out of here bro
ready mom
laughs don't cry if you did it look at
the view from up here man I'm the
McDonald's yeah there's the VP of
McDonald's his house see the McDonald's
things okay I can do this yeah I'm
hanging off the edge this is kenick okay
I'm gonna count you guys down three
Oh
how many rubbish
we head to Savannah to get at the river
marketplace or something like that to
get some food where it's good so
right by the dock we're here an old part
of town I guess all these buildings are
like hundreds of years old
yeah I love the road I like how there's
like there used to be a train apparently
that went through this super cool Huey's
for lunch
got a blackened chicken sandwich you can
have some oh my god Jim I don't even
know yet enough rice and beans red beans
and rice typical chicken fingers and
fries what's that just like okay thank
you mom why did you do that on purpose
you did that on purpose time you guys
tomatoes came
goodness six candy
then they have ice cream
then they have salt taffy all milling
this wall these people got a hand with
the candy and then you come over to the
side store and they have candy by this
slice which will delicious by the way
yeah those candy rocks Breaking Bad oh
my just being around this little town
makes me want to be back in the old days
to see what it was like having horses
like drive down the road and stuff I
think it's so cool
the bridge the view full area I really
like and I think this is Georgia yeah
Charlotte Georgia I think giant bridge
and stuff a perfect place to go if
you're here to take your girlfriends or
boyfriends on a walk
hey guys just chillin in the tree yes
you can say I like climbing trees I'm
almost to the top
but there's play bugs on this tree f
we're at Ross cuz I kinda need a new
swimsuit I haven't got one in a while
and since we're at the beach it's kind
of necessary and Ross is the perfect
place for clothes since everything's so
dang cheap here's how big they are size
16 I'm gonna put it up to your head I'm
probably gonna get those ones because
these ones you get like see through this
this clear stuff these ones like they're
pretty cool and then these ones are too
small but I like these ones a lot too so
I'm ready for the beach yeah so we just
got back to our hotel and for some
reason the family decides to take the
stairs up to our room and we're on the
fifth floor I can't breathe for peace oh
thank you
dad's holding it yeah you're right
alright so I just bite down to the
convenience order Bible three more
protein drinks because I wanted to wear
off the gift card app now I got a bike
back workout with me the fan we're gonna
chill by the pool so that's our plans
for tonight where in the world are those
frogs
it was the weirdest thing driving by
this this is I'm squeaking around like
minions me me me me me me me me me me me
me me I think they are frogs and for a
snack here to get where are the wild
Lynx Wild Wing cafe cuz they have
appetizers and we just want a little
snack guys okay staph infection Sid
what's the big deal is the first place
over we're playing games right now and
here's our team name the jumping
jellybeans
he just said Jim Killeen's 40 points Oh
40 points the terminators thanks for
watching today's vlog I forgot to film
an ending so this is gonna have to do
but hope you liked the ziplining fun we
had and make sure it the thumbs up
button let us know you're liking these
vlogs and see you tomorrow
