hey everybody I was going the family's
out I'm in here I just got up families
out getting breakfast so I'm meeting
them at this breakfast place that they
found they said there's a line so so the
family probably walks to the place but I
am all about the faster means of life I
got a bike here it's so nice out today
love it
blue skies no clouds very warm
job to go
I'm gonna drink
mom got me a bacon burrito there's kind
of strange through including Doritos
with a breakfast meal maybe she's got a
plain old bagel a summer burritos nice
10v bros probably just gonna swim for a
little bit then we're gonna go ziplining
today so today should be fun hopefully I
can film part of it
how's the pool they ready to go guys
it's a turtle can barely see him he's
barely sticking his head out hey bro he
wants to come out and play
he's sick of the water
look whoa
insane climbing course that looks scary
okay we're not gonna zip line today
because as you can see the weather it's
raining out why yeah it's still warm but
it's raining there's a big zip line
right here we're going off so we're
gonna do that tomorrow going that's for
me oh yeah
Ames for you Oh for you sunflowers for
you
sunflowers for you sorry more candy for
you
she's a head
Skol Creek boathouse it's right on like
the Oceanside so this is gonna be
awesome
Wow
this is so weird
apparently they put all the boats in
here
how many of the different designs have
justice is this just a restaurant yep
imagine if we did that dirt JS do studio
shirts you have any different designs
when that be insane yeah it's nice a
hair about to eat dinner out here it's
gonna be good really want to go on the
boats though do any of you guys want to
play me in big Jenga Hannah me and
Hannah are gonna play oh he tried to
just say lad she's Hannah doesn't like
avocados the size isn't that insane why
don't you like him it looks better
dinner has arrived folks and I got
blackened salmon doesn't that look good
I'm very healthy cajun chicken pasta
blackened catfish salmon dinner was
pretty good just finished it and now
we're looking down the dock which is
really nice right now
nice boat boss
there
check out this car in the parking lot
holy mama that is amazing
stingray is that the Corvette Stingray
it's so nice maybe he'll let me take it
for a test drive get off the phone Hey
yeah I'm set to music don't you dare get
back yeah you're sunburned like a tomato
bean things guys got a closer sibling
it'd be me or anybody
so much
just riding along on the bike and what
do I see another brand new Corvette oh
my gosh so nice
that's a big bite back at a frozen
yogurt you know we can't get enough of
this stuff well Wow let's see what it
looks like the picture
wow it's really dark in the workout room
but dad doesn't stop me today is a lake
day I think so I'm just gonna run a
little bit then probably go chill by the
fire with the family I don't know if
we're gonna do schw√∂re not but we'll
see yes thanks for watching today's vlog
guys hope you had a good time here we
appreciate your support and well I'll
probably see Andrew tomorrow and then me
again and then we'll be back together so
and then you might see me yeah there
yeah but so so you guys soon good bye
Cheerilee
