what is up guys it's a new day at the
collar of me rad run we've got these
little pamphlets here bring this in for
a free day class so we're going to Villa
sports if you know what bill sport says
it's like a pretty big gym so meri and I
are gonna go test it out so say it's
about 82 oh it's warm out I like that my
car is in the shop right now get new
tires so my dad let me drive his car
we're at Villa now these guys are
painting the parking lots for the park
in a neighborhood perfect workout snacks
yes we touched on bikes
Thanks let's good workout but now we're
just doing some lights here is burning
calories today here's the top the gym
got basketball over there would you rate
it on the scale of one to seven yeah
when you try to pull some day maybe I
need to be better look good
good bye villa it's hot yeah sure too
much of the pool we should hit stop and
Walmart I've got to pick up something
something just came out just looked out
so we had to get some kind of protein so
we got the full count carbs protein
tumbling sixty programs of protein in
this bottle so we're splitting it so
you're getting 30 spillage
I don't think you're ready for this new
purchase to attend the new purchase I
can't wait to play this game in case
you're wondering the chocolate protein
is insane good oh so if you need like
quick boost of protein you do not need
this
I promise but it's um but it's so good
so huh go get it today your local
grocery store smokes all right we're
here at lifetime fitness building is
actually a lot bigger
yeah we're just going around in
different gyms because we want to get a
membership somewhere so go work out if
you have any cool suggestions let us
know we're in the car now
vlog in there because you're on a tour
with a guy probably six and a half out
of seven so I'm gonna check out a few
other gyms alright I'm back in my
parents house I had to take a shower so
it's like a sweat blob but uh nice and
clean now also wear my collar me red
shirt
cuz it's rad I think meri and I are
gonna go on one more gym tour Gold's Gym
so that's that's my look Barney let's go
give the dog some ilyich Bonny's I have
a milky bonnet you down get down now you
have to do a trick for it okay Buford
keen light now good boy sit move shake
good boy oh whoa what the so we've been
digging out this route for a past week
it's huge
is this been our family project going on
here you've heard
well he's so cute I'm pretty bored just
waiting for Mary but I think it's a good
opportunity to go cruise on the new
longboard top of hill bottom of hill
let's ride
autobots roll out all right it's enough
longboarding as promised
I know you guys are dying to see us go
to gold so we're here let's go take a
look so I don't know where we left off
vlog I think Gold's but now we're back a
lifetime because we are now owners of a
lifetime membership so thanks for
joining us on our gym membership
adventure I hope he picked right oh we
did they got a rock wall in here did it
bounce
ready I think yeah and raha give Andy a
hug give Andy a hug I think give Andy a
hug oh thanks that's nice of you
Wow
from the road I think that's about as
good as there's some folks coming yet so
pretty cool I like dad good morning we
kind of stop vlogging after we got the
gym membership yesterday sorry
yes we're sorry anything do you anything
please don't unsubscribe but anyways
today is that Air Force Academy is
graduation so my dad he works on the
academy he's having a lunch barbecue
with all his employees so he's dr. so
we're gonna go have some food and watch
the flyover so funny and yummy excuse me
you know I do barber shop will be okay
that's where I used to work up there on
the top of the hill the youth center on
the Air Force Academy the bio job here
at the golf course he's an employee
catch up to him he's late for the
barbecue
not time for some freshly made hotdogs
fruit watermelon best that's barbecue
dessert but ice cream and cake and ones
you get pie what's that apple pie
whoa I'm so happy I'm so happy of myself
you know okay we're in the golf cart
this warning sign is so funny use brace
reduce speed I'm coaching downhill wait
wait I've been doing it wrong this whole
time I can up this hill so we can see
the flyovers decide where foot flops
solo
oh yeah
how can style
that's cool
show over shows done time to walk my
downhill
I'm talking to Mary I think it's really
funny hit my dad's been working here
longer than I've been alive on this
planet has on this planet on other
planets on other planets maybe but this
planet longer than I've been here ever
hudes pretty much done now those are
some good burgers oh thanks dad
well that's all for today's vlog thanks
for watching and if you haven't already
noticed Justin and I are kind of
switching off days where were flogged in
since he's on vacation till Saturday but
next week we'll be making pranks it'll
be fun I'll see you guys next time bye
