what is up guys Here I am 6:40 a.m. big
why am i up right now oh so apparently
I'm doing like a collar run with Mary
and her sisters today didn't know about
it till last night so let's do this
hey guys read that Color Me rad run
great like my shoes they're already
colorful
to take purple cloud I want that I want
that hurry
flap one car down come up on orange very
orange today guys my arm looks like I'm
pink up okay yes please
yeah middle of the vlog that's amazing
we did it so it's kind of cloudy out
which is really nice Oh
Jerry - yeah sure I can't believe that
my glasses my name's Daniel hey Daniel
nice to meet you it's nice to meet you
sir there's a loyal subscriber yeah
we're here with all right or Jinky bonus
a letter that's awesome that's pretty
awesome I'm having a fun day well thanks
parties pretty much over so Dan same
that oh my goodness
all clean now yeah mostly so very tired
I kind of get some breakfast daily
supplies the syrup it's good for you I
think his own movie hmm
best part about driving to the Color Run
thing is other people after seeing a car
that's actually not that bad so issues
in here and the speaker's just in case I
ever need squeaky shoes I have them on
demand back home now cars nice and clean
now and I remember seeing a comment like
husband months ago but okay you just do
a cart or so no better time to do one
than now and it's nice and time to clean
I guess so
let's start it off cars first thing
first we start off with the engine we
got that 4.0 liter what that v6 engine
helps us go fast before I go inside take
a look at our modified windshield wipers
helps reduce water and come inside and
we have it installed here yeah a
touchpad deck here relishing the music
ipod connects inside the glove box as
demonstrated here like that so yeah just
leave that in here play some music
hop hop hop hop so we've got upgraded
speakers and all the side doors you
can't see them but they're in there and
we got underneath the seat here wanna
watch amplifier bit that's deep works
all the same so that's in this seat
close that up
the bag can get your third row seating
if you desire now we're in the back of
the trunk can we got the 500 watt
subwoofer sounds really good and I like
it because it's got these quick releases
that you just you can take it out in
case you're like calling like dead deer
or something in the back I don't know
there's the outside view folks I used to
have a ski rack from the top here but
it's summer now so those don't belong
there but all-in-all that's the o2 Ford
Explorer cars go in a red box or in a
movie here just got his temps alright
well yeah just can I just look at them
masters just don't wreck us this is a
stop sign by the way
Wow what do you know we're at King
Soopers again like literally every vlog
we go to King Soopers we're here to get
red box which several of them they're
all out of all walter mitty so these
bees idiots better have it or I will be
pissed
usually those don't you
nuts ease yeah there's one word to
describe how I feel right now yes at
Walgreens a breadbox app said it's here
so if it's lying the other Ken yes
Redbox
app did not lie or watch the movie
tonight folks who made it back home
alive thank goodness what would you rate
Aaron's driving skills probably 10
probably say a solid D plus Hey
I'm just kidding it's not doofus he's
good
these kids are playing hide and seek and
the one can literally just hid behind
that tree it's like come on bro I can
see you across the street every day at
least that kids hiding in the back of
the truck if he lays down maybe bill
can't see him thanks for watching
today's vlog Justin's on vacation right
now so that's why it's not here oh box
tonight and I guess we'll see you guys I
miss you guys
goodbye goodbye
