good morning guys it's a new day here at
the hotel as you can see the pool is
vacant and we need breakfast and there's
breakfast right here he thinks very
hungry for a good long day today very
important business today yes that we
can't tell you about yet so
okay never mind about the breakfast
preheat don't have time anymore yeah we
forgot we don't have time and it was too
expensive but anyway but we're going to
we're gonna get breakfast and then go to
Billy Blanks dance studio for a dance
workout yeah so that was the problem
cause it's 9:30 and it starts at 10:00
Oh No but it's very nice out today
it doesn't really look like it I guess
but I don't know it's just like perfect
weather it's like not too hot not too
cold
I love these trees so from there all
around in California
mcDonald's not the best but it's the
only option guys one dollar
scrappy but still kind of good I choose
these
there's no that guy guys just to sausage
Egg McMuffins pretty cheap breakfast
youngbae yes we just made it to the
blank studios if any of you live in
California guys got to come check out
their studio it's always so fun
we started if you guys I saw being you
know we do flash mobs and if it's where
are you Justin Justin is the one that
got down on their our family and they're
here from Colorado just the manager to
surprise us and they have work to do but
they go go to youtube we go to James
juice
just got done dancing how did you like
Andrews dancing
you did good I thought it was about I
probably give it a mean - rating
dangerous the next hip-hop dancer I'm
telling you he has something in your
hair
what when he have this you know you
gotta thank them for the awesome dance
class guys didn't you like how fun that
was yes with all the lights and
everything we were filming you'll see it
in a vlog we that guy and you're dancing
lies it lies the way Elijah we mob oh
look wait you're Oaks California Sherman
Oaks
you guys aren't California please come
just dance with them it's fun we did it
and Eric's here Tommy's he's doing very
hard work here in LA on private top
secret business yeah top secret yeah we
told him for not telling me if we told
you guys that we have to you know thanks
I got for this class we love Jesse we
love Andrew though Justin are you guys
gonna come join us are you just gonna
stay there we're getting at the
learner sent a homemade food go I get up
or dance people were looking at us like
we're crazy I thought that was you guys
in the mirror over there mean Andrew
just arrived at our secret destination
show you this real quick and that's all
you get I guess we just parked rough on
nice area around here so that's pretty
cool so probably not gonna bring vlog
camera in just because that'd be
probably awkward hey we don't know you
let's fly guys we're back and we
probably can't tell I have makeup on man
to put makeup on me and Andrew yeah can
you tell
I hope they did a good job I can kind of
tell me to get close it's like yeah the
camera wasn't like right here huh yeah
at all well we can't we don't know if we
can tell you anything so we're just not
it's gonna be surprised but if this all
works out guys let's just say hold on to
your seat belts because things are about
to get a bit spicy yeah I can't wait you
guys are gonna be so happy you've been
following us along this journey and like
him wait to do things just trying to
figure out a place to eat or starving
I'm trying to find a place I just can't
like leave me some comments on where we
can go eat because we're hungry right
now on our way to pay way guys we're
taking the back route they came the
mountain roads
looks like everybody's going home from
work and we're going to pay way out now
we're in cool forest land this is a cool
part of Kelly Wow what the heck who
lives in these ok I never thought I'd
like Cali until now mainly because of
this area is so nice this is Beverly
Hills buff all the houses are nice cars
are nice cars are nice trying to park us
bye guys and now we're out in Beverly
Hills that's awesome it couldn't be
nicer outside I know look at sun is
shining in it's such a beautiful day
it's okay hey wait
you guys don't really understand how
good this is bad
Justin what we try to live it Justin
where'd you like it yes it was a kung
pao chicken
that's it interesting teenager usually
gets this we already filmed us eating
this before we got the exact same meals
can't stop it's good if you guys haven't
have pay wait please do it but just got
to the parking garage to find DJ cuz
we're lost you can see the ocean that
makes me so happy see it guys oh we're
going there now from the Santa Monica
Frank and we're talking from public
street performers all that people have
needed up with us do you see the goats
around there's no one here right now but
it's about to change in a few real jest
guy here so we're going down and they're
already like Edition I didn't even know
that was possible he could mix it like
that look at the beauty
meaning on thanks for the music
pretty soon that was teleportation right
there
like blog yeah this is weird man I don't
know if I like this so ever you know
what Joni is to try to get so to help
you out this they have swings and stuff
why would I bad dude we forget ice cream
and ride the ferris wheel and churros do
you want to do that the stretching has
begun fellas wait what's the challenge
here guys who can climb up this Batman
the Jonathan will demonstrate right now
okay
all right both give us the countdown on
go good on your marks get set go
play son
oh you can come in okay
oh that's Bush legit
Wow
Kelly's Callie's got some cool spots yo
are you ever gonna move to you nope
you scared them bad man we're laughing
right now are you serious right now
welcome back guys where you been
actually we've been here the whole time
Oh what in God's illa was that that was
my ancient we're here because the Jarek
and I don't know they wanted to go to
the counter whatever that is burger
joints so made it in inside look at the
menu
deserts are all on this board to choose
what you want to eat what sighs what
bread sauce all this I like
dun-dun-dun it has arrived folks yes I
usually always get pineapple on that it
was cool Hawaiian fun so it's a buffalo
chicken sandwich I made by myself
yeah how does that feel
yeah
he's winning okay back in the car
heading back to hotel
it's 121 and
they're hanging out with Steve Cardinal
Jarek DJ Jonathan Alex ready Alex so we
didn't really blog too much just because
I don't know it's more fun than your day
with the bruise yeah sometimes it's
laughter camera yeah we have to get up
kind of early because we have to return
the car so sadly that's not gonna be fun
it just sucks we have to wake up early
and fly back to Colorado I'm excited to
fly back to Colorado cos yeah but it was
fun we'll be right here
Mike if he would have said one more day
you would just be perfect yeah we didn't
even get any collabs in if we would have
had one more day we would have probably
had a nice collab with probably Jack or
somebody but I just didn't have any time
now it's so late literally no one's on
the road so it's like nothing to worry
about a drive back to Beverly Hills it's
gonna be nice like children thanks for
watching today's vlog guys and we'll see
you tomorrow goodbye
