good morning everybody today is a good
day because me and Andrew are going to
California I got my bag packed it's
pretty big cuz as the laptop in it my
laptop and there's our camera bag we're
gonna be out there till Tuesday
today's Sunday so if you live in
California we're probably doing a
meet-up as well so just follow us on
Twitter down below and you don't know
all the details yeah so for the next few
days this is gonna be some fun vlogs for
you guys gonna be in Cali and Andrew
who's ready I'm ready yeah it's nice out
here oh yeah and Kev's driving us today
he's very kind of himself we see him in
there at the airport yeah I'll check in
right here quick
just it's not too busy today guys kinda
kind of not I don't know nice job we
made it to our game now I'm gonna get
some snacks yes there's McDonald's here
I'm at Francis yes
McDaniel's all right so I just got back
from McDonald's and guess how much it
McDouble was four dollars isn't that
crap so I got the cheapest thing on the
menu which was two dollars which is a
snack wrap well you do this every time
state their own sex
they are also laughing at me okay okay
yes times board yeah
arrived on the plane
and we actually get the six sit next to
each other this time usually every time
we're on a plane never get to sit next
to each other
but we have cards to play yes bones
that's all you get
we're gonna experience this take off
first first and we're staying around I
see
guys are you scared right now
whoa
three-two-one yeah
guys we have worked out in jje music
preaching with deeper quarry by the day
right
the Narnia
all my gosh
- steps
hey guys I don't know if you just heard
what entertainment
he asked the lady if
they had any gas
and they didn't hand in monthly
we got this awesome airline guys
three cards in Cossacks
I like Cossacks alright we're landing in
Salt Lake City because it's not a direct
flight for some reason they have to go
to Salt Lake then California why is this
happening
we're at the Utah Airport and our flight
is boarding now I think but we just
landed so likes ya we're not too worried
about different terminal we've made it
to California
side waiting to renting a car the rental
car shuttle so we're waiting from the
pound
where are they enter prey it's yours
we're rinsing our card guys yeah we were
thinking we should get a Lambo what do
you guys think they're in our car and
guess what we got
take a guess no no aah
looking nice they got us a good deal so
we'll show you the outside once we get
out but we're going to our hotel right
now I'm gonna get some food so let's go
here's what the car looks like pretty
sick
not bad for a bunch of bros and we're at
the hotel - Andrew you want to open the
trunk oh right we're newbies at this not
really it's a pretty cool hotel oh it's
got these cool trees mountainous
guys this is so cool oh this is nice oh
hey hey tell everybody well gee Chevy
got to go to our room
funny what no one knows why we're here
either oh yeah and what we can't tell
you because it's secret yeah you might
see you tomorrow but honestly it's like
a party oh yeah looks like the family
vacation area there's less Akins
that makes it more fun open yeah go try
now
Wow sick pad yo nice beautiful view you
have my share car from here a little bit
not too much though there's a retro cool
room alright now it's time to go get
some food our friend Billy Blanks if you
guys watched my proposal he's the one
who helped out with that he recommended
us to go get some tacos called Hugo's
tacos so we're gonna try that out or a
meeting DJ from public Frankie ready now
and our other friend Jonathan
so we'll put them in the vlog here
Hugo's tacos hoping this is good it
looks cheap family friendly got a nice
parking spot over there
yeah moved away for dead she's taken too
long
hungry need food now we can look at menu
though
the big menu those fries and good I
forgot to vlog I already ate my burrito
sorry and we're here with hey go and and
Diego and Diego - there we go
how are you alright yeah we just we just
finished her meal I don't know what
we're gonna do the rest of the day but
this is the start and
are you decided to come like right down
the street from me so it's like
naturally yeah literally they live gonna
go flip right now the right Mountain
sweet where they're saying says very
much yes so just gonna have a slumber
party I guess bunny I'm serious oh he's
making fun any violent hey wanna trick I
try and try and you try a chip thanks
we're back in the car and you know we're
in this is it again oh it's a Mustang
we're in the Mustang and me DJ's very
comfortable very comfortable and it's
very much I just want to have one other
Justin let me sit in the front you're
welcome
Jonny punched what be a look at DJ he
fits very good better feel comfortable
guys wait DJ you Barry oh dude now I am
now that you pushed your seat back oh I
already get snacks by the way even
though we just ate we're go to the arc
oh is it with that hey now our gas
station get snacks cuz I have a gift
card that's only that's only works here
in California take $100 gift card so
they're gone or they go it's awesome
snacks
girl ice cream that's $100 drinks you
know yeah I just got two DJs place I'm
gonna grab some stuff wow it's low pool
we got a pool here Oh DJ didn't laundry
good job EJ you don't need a sticker of
success I wish I had a gold star don't
focus on me so get embarrassed
yeah we're gonna get our swim trunks
we're going to hang out with Jarek
you guys remember him if you don't don't
lie to me what if I push you and ruin
the pool right now slap me slap me
closed at all times that gate all right
here's the path has anyone ever said you
guys are brothers like what did I ever
think you're brothers
no yes okay read this sign guys please
keep Caicos persons having currently
active diarrhea or who have had active
diarrhea was in the previous 14 days
shall not be allowed and at the pool
what kind of random thing is that Andrew
yeah I guess we all can't go in the pool
guys dharna watch you have an active
diary darn it now we've arrived at
supposably
jerax apartment with steve cardinal and
tear it I don't think he's here we're
gonna spew don't erase
Oh Terry ouch just look at this drop the
camera to the junkyard gonna have you
buy that yeah this sucks down here but
look up yeah that's just just like that
video what does it wants to make a fine
I guess we're gonna be pranked or not
okay yeah we feel like we're gonna be
praying cuz Gerak's not answering the
phone - he ain't gonna get a say that's
all I'm saying we're ready for the
jacuzzi
good night DJ you we got a nice jacuzzi
here cool our brother Jarek has arrived
Jarek of course I'm going in first I
just wish that we're still doing the
vlog oh wow holy calm down I like jerks
license plate Jarek 120 we're trying up
Pink's hot dogs made special they're
like chili dogs I don't know man Derek
said this was gonna be delicious so this
is a famous a hot dog place in LA I
recommend everyone to come to it a lot
of people think it's overhyped I think
it's the best hot dog in the world
that's just I guess we're gonna have to
either thinks it's under height we're
gonna this might get us usually usually
just take a grand look at everything
usually the line is wrapped around up
and down up down and comes underneath
this tent the reason
really yeah so this is where like
Hawaiian is ooh smell that yeah look at
the names of Lord of the Rings dog Ozzy
spicy Bobby
Ozzy spicy dog Wow they got every type
of alligator you gotta look at these hot
dogs guys okay you guys good I think you
know this looks really good
this is a water dude did you get a water
do you wanna get you are oh yeah if
you're offering you need a wire - Justin
here's Gerak's not crap that's what he
likes
so he's happy and that's okay what did
you get in chili cheese dog with ketchup
instead of mustard oh I thought these
were all DJs dude oh yeah DJ man you
could have a heart attack
oh they put us on the same yeah I just
got one another one what did you get I
got three to fry are you happy to see me
zone Diddy Reid
Gerak's taking us to this new ice cream
shop or something I don't know what this
is ice cream sandwich shop there's not
too many places in LA that I say you
know if you're eating this neck of the
woods you have to go here one of those
paints we're gonna help you but you
gotta check out pain here in Westwood
you gotta check out diddy areas so like
all of us could get what I'm telling you
whatever we wanted and be less than $10
for all of us
yeah look at Delaney again he's gonna
get on it yeah 225 for a large ice cream
cone and this is in California like this
ISM it should be a rare this is a legal
shield here is the Ice Cream Sandwich
dude no so good right Cheers thank you
oh yeah I think that about concludes
today's vlog as you can see its morning
time now we really didn't end the vlog
so that's the problem but uh thanks for
watching and hope it was a fun for you
sure front for us we got some awesome
stuff coming up so yeah well see you
guys next time goodbye
