yo what's up guys yo what's up guys hot
cheetos in time ok we're cooking want to
see what cooking open by the way here's
the deuces Bill Nye aka whoop wormwood
keeps leaving gotta clean that up ha ha
chicken grown here in Colorado no lie so
it's nice day out it's a little bit
windy but perfect for grilling check it
out ah and we're seeing Godzilla tonight
so we'll bring you along and it's gonna
be so much fun
Oh perfect almost done
the final Potter I'm playing cards again
it's a little blurry but do you like it
Andrew XIV my turn no my turn now before
you go to the movies you want to make
sure you have snacks and drinks because
the movie theater snacks are literally
way too overpriced so you got I like get
your own snack somewhere else and that's
what we're doing also I have some some
people ordered shirts I'm gonna three
people so he ordered a shirt it's coming
also custom shirts are almost done
limited edition custom cool shirts so
just hold your horses guys they'll be
here very soon boy you're gonna want to
get one what we're gonna cuz we have
three designs that were working on but
only one of them we're gonna like pick
well we'll do three we're I think are
gonna end up youth doing all selling all
three designs but it's just about an
order Hawaii it depends on which one
first
that's like look at the time
yeah so I'm able to show you guys the
three designs that you can help us
design pick which will be one first yeah
Wow outside is all the trees are getting
back to color this is the best solution
the sun is shining this is a good day
wait wait good to say goodbye goodbye
are you bringing that to the movie
theater I thought this drink will fit in
our pockets quite well hey so that's
what we went without the lemonade day
kiwi strawberry yep we are going wild
hey cake free cookies I like those
cookies I want this one oh yeah yeah
yeah drug guy sir died oh right oh yeah
the minion Daniel yeah yeah yeah yes mm
ooh eh
oh thank god ciao oh yeah you're
Japanese this is exactly what I wanted
actually I've been looking everywhere
for this for a snack for movie theaters
who wants to cheat as a spoonful of pew
this is a random candy ever what Lyman
this is weird video Dianna's it's like
corn solar pump well whoever could el
guapo you're a strange company by the
way oh so nice outside this calls for a
day of tennis again look over there's
clear blue skies and then it goes I
think it guides yeah I wanted to address
this my recent thoughts on candy why do
they have to be so bad
let's take a look so a normal bag okay
that's not too much well that's a good
amount so let's look at the stats 120
calories 20 grams of sugar oh well
that's not that bad I guess then you
have to come up here and say servings
per container 6 so multiply 120 by 6
that's like 800 calories or something a
hundred and 20 grams of sugar in this
bag good lord
like now I don't want candy ever so I
got this sour patch this only is 2.5 but
still it's pretty bad like 64 grams in
this whole box basically here's
everything yeah if you get it every day
sorry that's very bad all right guys
back at the apartment
I dropped Justin off at the tennis
courts to go get some equipment we're
gonna play some tennis
I had to come change my shoes because
basically I'm wearing loafers and you
can't do much like a kvd's and knees so
yeah yeah ah my favorite shoe the one
problem is they have a big hole like
your toe just pokes out I have new shoes
it's just these ones they like them so
much I don't anyone else can relate to
having shoes you just like grown
attached to that you can't let him go
that's how I feel with these guys just
don't ever want you to leave me is
hopefully the beans got me a tennis
racket if not I will be hitting him what
what I left my key at the apartment is
playing getting this you've been out
here the whole time can't read gear
without key
well I can't believe this well so sorry
I could get me chosen here each Oh means
it's my favorite by the way better ping
pong
we won't be here long cuz it's too nice
outside but they didn't have my finish
stuff
nope and look this is still here from
the last time we came for funny pranks
visit Jase this videos yeah I guess he
never cleans this board I hope they've
looked it up I'm a good skateboarder
filmer that wasn't as cool the ramp I
thought it would be just born while we
can before the storms roll in
oh look at school
if the bros coming to play fit ball
he jumped over those scares got our
coffee
we just decided to get a sip of
cappuccino to keep us awake and alert I
already drank a lot of mine sale
there it is the future and this is Dave
and Buster's I really want to go there I
had before but it was like a while ago
this parking lot it's pretty packed I'd
be pissed if it's packed for the movie
we're like it almost an hour early so we
don't get a good seat I swear all right
so we chose the regular theater and
here's our line
here's IMAX 3d haha yes suckers cabs
getting snacks yeah he is hey dollars
for our snacks yeah we paid two bucks so
Kev's gonna probably spend about 12 for
two snacks I get alerts Wow
how much was your meal like almost 12
bucks and trying to rob me one what uh
yeah why are they always overpriced
stuff I know I could've got this same
thing I don't know how much this was
here but there's probably like 4 cos
yeah being 12 bucks we got these
slushies yesterday for like a dollar 50
exactly wha
people are filing out no one's happy
it's never a good sign when people come
out on how it's running out jump I can't
even see you barely see me barely know
how about who we just got in the theater
guys probably can't film much but yes is
the end of the movie yeah
we haven't seen beginning that well
pg-13 oh you could see me now by the way
nope
I'm sorry what are you up to today
alright guys were back from the movie
what do you guys think that was fun
do you like it or Plan F rating such an
effort give it a b-plus just why not a
funny play there was one place that made
me me cuz it's Godzilla I've seen
Godzilla before like it wasn't like
anything that amazingly it's probably
like though well I just want to talk
about I don't want to spoil yeah you had
to see it but I give it a B+ I liked it
but it wasn't like oh my god oh
again right now
j+ i give his movies a plus when i have
to go see them again it's definitely an
action movie i thought it was so dang
entertaining like yeah what see ya jerk
welcome back to the apartment
yeah you guys should go see Godzilla
promise you won't be disappointed
Wow very very good
yeah and we still have some cool snacks
left over too so congrats did you like
cool snacks thanks for watching vlog and
we'll our pranks up by Lego see it hurry
it's right there
five-year ring cops main channel I'm
sure I already knew that but if not go
go well see you guys next time bye
