good afternoon guys today Andrew and I
are headed to 16th Street Mall it's like
an outdoor mall here in Colorado to do
some pranks starting to read yeah the
weather here is just so bipolar please
don't rain guys yesterday was so sunny
and cold and today is like little bit
warmer but now rain so yeah we're going
to probably prank the cops because we
can and hopefully it turns out very
funny cuz there's some funny ideas we're
gonna do or so there's the weather in
Denver it's 54 here's the week's
schedule ok next Monday 84 64 Wow yeah
yeah we're not gonna be here guys I'm
going to Cali tell you more about that
soon too
whoa guys looks like their billet making
it like a movie here he's destroying it
why he do that they're destroying that
mall we're sick of it
Bob now look the sun's coming out what
the heck oh we've officially made it 60
Street Mall in downtown Denver take a
look get it dad okay where are the bug
buildings oh yeah
these here we go these are tall we need
to find a parking spot though problem ah
oh it's your door bro we're gonna blast
you is wrong with you man here we are
16th Street Mall yo we'll be back you
guys know this place cuz we filmed here
like billions of times it's been a
dishes but a spot here yeah
we back in the car we didn't even fill
them outside did we there's some cool
things out there yeah there's a lot of
trains and drains and gizmos this weird
bill but I think we got enough funny
well we did get a lot of funny clips of
us with the cops so if you're watching
this while right now it may be up
tomorrow or it may be up right now
depending on where you're watching it I
don't know okay but it's been a good day
now time to go eat cuz I am so hungry of
me you how hungry are you myself too so
they're kind of like skyscrapers Wow
Denver's pretty cool dead center dead
danten danten danten death
I'm thinking the music they're playing
in here
good job what's the sound whoever did
that we're waiting for keV I don't know
where he is that guy is a cool thing on
this headset Andrew yep should we call
Kent but where our key dov'Ã¨ because
they have a new breed oh by the way
really want to try I'll show you hold on
all right we have a burritos and we all
got the mango mojo
trying is a spicy mango okay I got some
extras mixed in mine I want to see a
first bite reaction time
interesting
I'm trying to wait to the sauce gets my
sexes we're trying out just haven't
tried
that's good good let's go little bit
spicy endeavors
we have decided that it tastes like a
Chinese meal in a burrito there's like
mangoes and spicy taste like orange
chicken so guys after reconsideration
it's not as good as we thought like I
usually get the case which is real
now eating this I was like yeah I think
maybe it's just they put way too much
sauce sauce in there I mean it's good
that she was an overload of sauce so
there's the verdict now it's time to get
some groceries guys because we have like
two DS or no couple days left at the
apartment then we're going to Cali so
don't want to eat out everything else
gotta get some groceries here yes our
groceries have arrived safely at the
apartment I want to show you guys what
we got just a quick quick stop some
carrots bananas milk these are a buy one
get one so it's very excited these are
very good for you too so I got some of
those eggs and then we got chicken
Colorado race yes chickens always raw is
better than frozen so I got four minutes
in farm so it's about that time again
guys for donuts just kidding we're going
to workout actually I'm not gonna bring
the camera because you already know like
it'd just be the same thing as you saw
before so so totally different
oh yeah we're working out legs and
running today so oh by the way new prank
tomorrow okay see ya we're in the gas
station now because we're getting snacks
Jeff said he'd buy us some snacks since
he lost at monopoly deal so I'll take it
wherever they're getting icees
sure there's a bigger size than this how
much are they
our enemy is Dollar City so which one
are you getting
look at the flavors that's the big stuff
dr. pepper we're not best buy a candy
probably shroom mango that one's good
sex you got yes - yeah yeah we got
Buffalo like buffalo chicken wrapper
things every time we have parks here he
does a terrible jobs we have to keep
Reed parking so we just ran over the
curb goes over the curb this ain't no
four-wheel drive truck man this game is
our life guys nobley deal movie time oh
no yep thanks for watching today's
episode we'll see you guys next time bye
