we have some vlogs for you today I know
guys so guess what my my parents are
moving kind of soon and my mom was like
she hit me up she's like Justin I have
so much of your childhood memory stuff
things used to collect notes what yeah
so she gave me all these boxes well
let's go check them out then I suppose
got these boxes here things in there and
then some things in the back when I was
younger I used to collect a lot of
random things and I honestly can't even
remember what's even in here because I
have stuff from when I was very young
we're going downstairs of the dungeon oh
sorry beautiful okay so which box should
we start with well might as well start
with these I feel like painters gonna
recognize a lot of these things because
for a long time I used to show them all
these things we used to collect the same
things get away from me please that
looks like a Lord of the Rings action
man man he's powerful I was I used to
really be into rocks and I would select
them across here are you ready for this
I want to see rare rocks this is a
fossil I think of a clan we got some
petrified wood this I'm very proud of
look at that crystals yeah you found
this rock on a hike once and said man I
need yes here's no extra fied insect
thing I think there's a fish oh yeah
right there I just hit the jackpot
that's Michael no I found it first
I have money from different parts of the
world hey I have that too yeah collected
that the things from Mexico this yeah
wow I don't like this in here that was
like your a favorite game
remember used to play oh it's missing
used to play all the time with my sister
I like need for speed better to be
honest heavy guys my mom said some of
these are valuable by the way this team
racing semi truck I don't know I don't
know if they're actually valuable
posters no how were you able to tell you
have to look up Hot Wheels hunters
guides okay we're gonna look through
these and I'm gonna find you guys my
favorite rares and dangers are gonna
find you his 13 here's the rares I found
just a classic Ferrari this bulldog car
it goes this Hot Wheels super vehicle
tank ding in the flame bus long as you
guys can see I have all sorts of cars so
the ice cream truck just reminded me of
the vlog we just did recently cuz we
went in this currently I do pizza come
on
yeah also this is a really old one but I
think it's so creative
I used to play guitar sleek moto is your
car / cool well it used to go like this
see
so I like it ran into it and got that
holy moly
so we got the trailer and then just
these weird things and tech Texan
bleh-bleh beyblades we actually made
that this beyblade tournament video I
wish I could find that somewhere it was
just so bad but funny so yeah you see
beyblades tech decks you have a tech
deck I have like ramps and they have
pipes and rails and stuff for tech tech
so fun is it a story or something
no so that she did simple slash names
for skateboarding team so the names like
you know they're so bad please tell
corn-on-the-cob skateboarding I like
drama goes and stuff meaning is that
like escape we're with that's like a
corn on the cob of use Latino
it needs editing okay Andrew and I are
younger we also created like a mini
skateboard team and also made skate
videos even though we were terrible I
know we reacted to one of our old skate
videos I was actually just watching that
today no yeah it's so funny it'll be
somewhere in the description if you want
watch that but I'll just read you some
of my favorites homesick skateboarding
frosty skateboarding daily skateboarding
Spain skateboarding or food
skateboarding which team named kevin
designed the logo all by myself you
think what wasn't is that that was
homesick but then I said never mind yes
we never used any of these that's okay
it's saved what's your guess that is in
here books no well
whoa a collar give that to me whoa what
year is it you bought it for two bucks
cuz maybe you were thinking it'd be
valuable 1994 oh not rare sorry
it might be though in 50 years
Legos dude Oh we also guys used to make
lego videos as well we loved making
films when we were little and we used to
use Legos as our actors because then you
could have way more actors yeah it just
it looks so bad but it was fun got a few
of the characters I have out trees horse
headless boy I just made this vehicle
that's kind of cool
actually at launch pad is on Buford this
and three two one
do any of you guys collect Legos I know
Legos are still just as popular as they
were back in the day and they're
constantly coming out with like really
cool you know sets
oh what a lovely day go check on the
plants see how they're doing okay not
bad but all I know is my neighbor way
over there it's got a treasure that I've
been desperate for so jumping on my
hoverboard here
Shane problem is he lives on the other
side of the thing lake so okay now gobo
coming out of here I think we should go
in the front door it's too obvious oh
he's coming hurry rod by the tree
Oh lovely day it is out here well air is
fresh one of my trees is knock down one
of my trees is knocked down what has
happened over here he's coming just hide
oh crap just happen to my yard them dang
deer again where's that sound
James Dorothy where are you guys go run
back or just attack this right
she's owning my car just perfect I need
to go to the gas station always should I
bring my treasure with me oh just make a
dash for the front door
Oh Oh my steward Oh put your dirt right
Amy where's my treasure oh you idiot
slash the tires get back here bored what
are you doing
finally have the treasure not back to
base okay I just inhaled a bunch of
goldfish well just don't do that again
even though my whole property is run
because you oh yeah sorry about that
okay okay well you have a nice day okay
are you coming over for the game later
okay okay hope you guys enjoyed that
random skit with Legos you just have fun
at UB yet moving on to the next bumps of
goodies I think we just got a bunch of
these are more new stuff yeah why do you
have a baking pan if you're five what is
this whoa
you found it
I graduated high school
I'm a 8 mm - I wrote this I'm in singing
group right now and I will never forget
my friends like Rachel Rob Robert Riley
and Daniel their notes the girls they
said I'm cute and a good singer you
don't not remember any of those people
oh yeah
guys this was our first camera for
YouTube that we use for prank my parents
got it for me and their birthday and
kind of vlogs oh yeah whoa
2001 yearbook wants to see what I look
like I do did fine my best friend my
best friend let's crack it over it's him
Darren I see your name there you are Wow
if you young me that's what your son or
daughter will look like exactly really
uh-huh
senior yearbook yeah we got to make a
little my parents made this little thing
for me
Wow so my son so there's some classic
old pics some strange pics that's my
favorite one the blondie looks yeah it's
Austin look he's still fishing you guys
know aa straight yeah are these the main
valuables
I guess my grandpa said it was real gold
but no it's actually the bullet from I
think World War 1 or World War 2 this is
a stuffed monkey and my parents got me
when I was born when I was a baby I
still got it and one of its eyes are
missing no way no way what you want a
soccer trophy I did I played a lot of
soccer
and and here's all the music I used to
listen to back in the day got reliant K
Hawk Nelson when they were the original
Hawk Nelson more like a stellar cart you
know know so I did karate I was a camel
belt that's as high as I got and then I
gave up nothing I didn't give up lots of
the soccer dad suppose the coolest one
whoa how'd you get that I think we won
there's a HeroClix rules guide but on
the back is very interesting the voices
of Justin Stuart oh good what are the
voices of Justin Stuart means oh I think
we're making a film and I was you know
how they have credits in the beginning
of movies I'm thinking Oh picture of me
and Brittany in high school that's
pretty rare oh my no I mean why does Gil
have a oh I give up never mind
why is Gael dancing like a ballerina
what did you just say to me
nothing oh well let's deal song in the
air oh wow oh well okay mom I want a
dank hot dog what did you just say to me
and why and the heck are you in the
kitchen because I want a hot dog and
you're being a snot grass what in the
world did you just say to me
oh nothing get back here son later that
day
hey poo monster why here's my crack
what's his you just say to me
I'm nothing I have to go urine Hey look
there's a porta potty and nothing
Pumas is actually a real character in
real life Jess and I are on a basketball
team and there's this guy on the other
team for whatever reason he just smelled
like poo I don't know why or what was
going on with him cuz he smells so bad
literally nobody wanted to guard him and
we nicknamed him poo montz it was no
exaggeration here guys know what
happened maybe it was just like the
secret plan to win I think I might have
a rare card right here y know who is
Willie Mays yeah Wow
must have some cool looking bit Barry
Bonds this is a secret box is that the
artifacts I think I actually don't
remember what's in here ready yeah those
are definitely the rears Oh No who did
this what are these five dollar gift
card no debate by November 2010 I hope
you activated it this is a cool custom
pin looks like this was just for change
Oh was that a penny Phil this has been
like a blast this is just your whole old
life in a bunch of boxes oh boy just
keep this definite storage you need to
put this like in your room with wife
like that long a whole wall or your
soccer trophies yeah just we are they
store the other day yeah I love HeroClix
he's used to collect these yeah but I
want to see what stuff you have some day
soon we can do that cuz mom's got it all
guys leave a like if you want to see us
go through Andrews old toys and
collectors I have some pretty strange
things I can think of already and
yearbooks your books are fun to look at
I probably like I'm very odd boy
this was fun guys I can't wait to make
Mormon it'll be weird when we're older
looking back on these videos as our
memories yeah
and our kids looking forward at these
videos wait what what hey kids if you're
watching this well yeah all that side of
the vlog
thanks for watching hope you guys had a
good laugh at that and it's fun to just
kind of you know go back in time and
just have a blast from the past I hope
we gave you guys some nostalgic vibes
this episode and maybe if you guys want
you can go look at your old stuff whoa
I did this I look like that mom what do
you think yeah that's a good time but
thanks for coming back and watching us
always guys we appreciate you we'll see
you tomorrow
