guys hello again we're back and uh I
don't know
we need a vlog more right ain't that
right this comment
laughs I'm more Jitsu I said you guys
need it you guys should start daily
vlogs that's funny because we need to
but we're not on top of our game and
look who's back guess who's back from
Hawaii
his name's keV back again on the grind
all the time
sweat this way whoa anything you want to
say about the trip to everybody it was
exciting and I'm tired and he's got it
where's Kevin Hawaii the whole time one
by the way can't posted some vlogs to
him in Hawaii if you want to check it
out yeah hi sexy TV
he needs to post more on there I am
bright tonight yeah but we that's only
more every dates every day I'm trying to
do work I'm tired cuz I stayed up way
too late my video Kev's littell 3 p.m. I
ain't up till 7 F for you to eat it's 6
a.m. when I woke up I was like ends up I
went over like you're sleep ya ain't
gone to bed yet
but I rechecked the pill box we have
some mail that we wanted to open for you
guys Andrew what go ahead and start her
off first letter yeah we lose this one
o doesn't say yet let's figure it out
what hey what is this
I'm scared what is this
who knows this is a hike some my
trousers
from Canada address Boyardee I need a I
need to use a sheet this is not even a
name who'll accept it McGill you
hurry oh it's his name really chin I
hope so
well whoever sent that if your name is
chimp thanks thanks chill for the random
cutouts of who knows what
um I don't know this is fun but looks
like hey Justin this is for keV so don't
read it just kidding I want to eat it
you won't invade his privacy for Jase -
Andy Justin please read on YouTube more
Jase - hey lookee but Andrew that's
Andrew a hundreds of bald Andy ok what
bald Andy Java King Oh flip the back
you're reading this I'm watching your
videos Hawaii like wild times with the
boys but you guys are my role models if
you could read this on if you could read
this on more Jase - or part on margie's
- Kevin introduced me to you guys thanks
keV shoutout to my YouTube Ryan one one
one two
Shanna team arrow also oh I want to see
Andy bald uh thank you write also sent
us this basketball card Carmelo Anthony
hey we like that guy - yeah I wish he
was still on the Nuggets but by the way
he said some number one fan Ryan
remember one guy sir have to compete
with Ryan
he sent a hundred bucks for bald Andy
hey Ryan the guy who wrote this letter
um you didn't put a return address so we
can't really send over turn on address
on the envelope either
you can't send you back autographs
because we don't know where you live
that they'd have to send another letter
or something
they sent a stamped for a return
envelope I think oh I'll stamp how they
did that with the letter is cool anyway
Jade if guy Katie if gal etc if they
deny stamp my name is Justin oh nice day
bro my friends are big Kenzi has videos
and your pranks vlogs worst prank videos
hope you guys keeping videos for a long
time in wait they be awesome you guys
did him you have some autographs
probably even 2 or of each you surprise
my friend with your signatures we still
sorry who people who sent us like stamps
backs for to send them letters here's
our pile we still have to write back
everybody so if you haven't got it yet
sorry we're working on it kind you'll
get it though don't worry would you get
it says Justin Airlines wow that's cool
ready super fly straight whoa that's a
good airport I was good anyways hey hey
Justin Andrew and Kevin all the way from
Texas what the YouTube letters deep in
the heart of Texas
hey uh Justin Andrew and keV something
looks wrong about this picture
Justin looks like he has no hair he's up
twice the sizes wait keV I have a
question where's Ken what where's kid
she's Kim that's not Kim what my ears
are about as big as my head keep making
videos more vlogs - Jase do studios
Thank You Jake
hey Thank You Jake oh it's a cool
picture
it's an ass my name is Brandon
Omaha Nebraska later videos really funny
from your Youtube subscriber Brandon PS
put PPS put this off put this in one of
your videos I'd be called PPS PPP PS
smack Andrew this is from Malaysia all
the way from Malaysia that's insane
from sherry and no I'm a male not a
female
aka let's upload it yes I know you his
videos are funny guys
hey Justin and Andrew big failures watch
all your pranks and vlogs I guess you
guys might recognize me from Twitter yes
yes there I'm all the way from Kuala
Lumpur Malaysia I make pranks here just
like you do cuz this is what we'd love
to do you guys are so goofy in hilarious
I love when you guys make weird noises
especially when Andrew burps let's
upload it let's upload it let's do it
guys I'm not a game I'm not gonna lie I
search for your videos on off time if
this isn't too much trouble read this a
more J stood near my honor I'm out of
breath I was dancing
thanks for everything keV sincerely Ryan
/ Ryan one one one two we need to look
at the back hurry please come on get the
camera out of my face
in intro to Kevin flip to the back oh my
gosh well ever seen a Jason video yeah
one hit you're gon get that care out of
my pit I don't know what stage Josie's
since up guys what's up guys dangerously
extreme it's time for the gym we're
starting to go everyday going ham
grilled cheese and ham Justin just
wanted to say we didn't film today it's
the problem we only filmed that in film
vlog didn't film prank
but we did Caillou we made burgers ha ha
that's what we did Mads oh and you guys
didn't I didn't show you outside it's
snowed here in Colorado yeah no sorry
it's Grampy yeah and you guys should
follow us on Instagram if you aren't ok
links in the description also we're
going to be soon making custom limited
edition t-shirts that will only be up
for a month so like two weeks Rahway
have two weeks so it's like one design
it'll be up for two weeks and then once
it's gone it won't ever be back again
and then we have a new design what do
you guys think about that ha
so down we've had this one shirt design
forever and so we want to switch it up
and make some cooler shirts
we're gonna make some insane cool design
for you guys you guys are not love it
and would you guys buy some cool custom
shirts if they look sick oh nice not now
here's the question would you want a
t-shirt a tank top or a hoodie which are
all three so because we're gonna be
probably making all three but which one
did you want first we're thinking maybe
tank abut or sure maybe tank because
summers are around the corner but maybe
also t-shirt first hoodies are also
really cool oh so yeah we'll be on that
anyway so we'll tell you guys when that
happens which should be very soon we'll
tell you guys in the vlogs cuz you're
more important than other people and
your stick your finger and this candle
wax go is it gonna be hot I thought oh
yeah yeah oh I'm keep ready I'll break
out out at the gym guys and there's no
one here okay
there's one person it's me I know cats
finally into G yeah here's a better view
of the Genesis that was kinda it
somebody gets word I was kind of se
Casey guys it's time to get to work yeah
turn that off
here are some funny stretches to do
while did you
okay I feel mean though I'm too tired
you can do this I do see how you got the
present Wow Lord yes yeah yeah look
there's snow guys let's go here yeah
this you show me hey guys can't see is
this you guys we're going to King
Soopers would you like to join us
Denton Denton cut what
behind the scenes hey hey literally
behind the scene and season so what kind
of film are you ok look I'm just trying
to do your fire just kind of do the best
I can show their face I know waiting to
burst this is how we do is giving time
to Percy
look it is King Soopers hey shown the
screen what shown the screen or in the
middle the road by the way we're on the
AVO guys but no one's gonna be so it
doesn't matter people can see me holding
the phone up in my face yeah but you did
the road bro
do you know the road back are you guys
around appears I'm Esther cuz it's
almost closing time but look it's seems
yeah here's will be like yes and 88
cents out the chips
okay
would you have a don't know if I bought
one if you bought one that had one
around him ears was this close oh liver
off jelly-filled do this delicious can't
can't have chocolate cuz he said he is
he is chocolate so - crisis gift gotten
sick though geeky khakis
uncle rolls him green though Thank You
Ike a cereal come back some McDonald's
don't judge
I nearly worked out you saw geez okay
guys hit your protic ha ha tell them
again McDonald all come on subscribe oh
and we got zenki and we got a red body
you can say it's a bro chill night I
don't know if you guys do this to your
friends but it's a good idea let me tell
you champagne would you get Andy I'm
spicy
yeah me too being keV got the hot spices
time to chillax I guess it's late and
yeah that's about it guys thanks for
watching today's vlog and we'll see you
next time
aka tomorrow sorry will be box ok just
fine and see like either one don't walk
up over your nose for the sign between
it alone I lit the ring I was like it'd
just be so we did my leg
the word of mine so playoff time trying
to do it here
now the devil away ain't no need to pay
a dirt about the load race coming your
way today
