hey guys how's it going today we're at
the mall right now what mall is this
Cherry Creek
yeah we're trying to do pranks but every
time we come here they always seem to be
honest we weren't even filming we were
testing a prank I don't think they liked
us tripping around so we escaped very
fast lady thought she was being sneaky
by following us will be know what she's
up to
we saw her talking to the police officer
he ran away yeah we've been around the
block before lady we know what you're up
to
so now we have to find our car cuz this
malls parking garage is like the worst
on earth yeah we have to walk on this
hey I see a security car
this is gonna be awkward gonna have to
walk into the parking garage they have
the whole place swarming with security
we found you you're tripping sorry
you stole things what so we're back in
the car it's dark in here but we made it
back a long journey if we had to evade
the security boys I think they are onto
us but we evade it very good no time to
give a crap out of here there's security
trying to find us goodbye dude hey guys
we're home and we're having snacks look
at this
guacamole fresh all fresh ingredients
with chips Hansen's and video games if
you desire I really don't want that just
a really nice new would chill vipers
just fall apart
where we goin going to class my last
class just invited me to go to class
with them today for snacks
yeah rabbit snacks and doing nothing so
I'm going to class I'm gonna be
designated documentary film er for this
little segment here good to see what my
class is like guys and our school pretty
much all right we're at school here we
are at the building doesn't even look
like school this looks like a prison to
be honest this is just a small little
bill because I'm too many people go to
film school but it's fun man there this
if you want to check it out and become a
newest member look at this long hallway
guys basically well we can look at the
computer labs later breathe I'm glass
soft Pizza dunk soon I bet a lot of
people make that mistake
no ok let's take a look at the stage
English dude this is a big green screen
in here with desks and this setup over
there
so yeah if you come here you can film on
this it's pretty cool weird ill - back
from class making berge cuz we got our
grill working and we bought inflate I
won't check out this flavor he's gonna
try that one tonight I'm gonna try the
good old teriyaki with pineapple oh
we're marinating we're ready for burgers
house Go Go setup this this game
throwing guys were experts
is it yes screwed in scare me Matt okay
hope you blow it without my I swear I
get blown up for no reason the gas is on
but it's not igniting here we go fellas
the grill is on yes here we go fellas
the grill is on yes that's reclosed are
you good over here
tsunami hi
burgers are on the grill and Wow
let me just say wow she was flipping
problem
alright scotch let me show it has done
what
amazing thankful Drock yep whoa so I'm
gonna cook some bacon for mine make it a
bacon bacon guacamole burgers we made
guac the seasons Wow
both of me and cat me and Andrews
burgers are different yeah pineapple
teriyaki burger Andrew likes his burgers
Hawaiian so he's going awayand today
with some teriyaki pineapple without
watch you've gotta stop shop for bacon I
got some fresh bacon here oh how much
bacon you got there let's just say
what's wrong bacon uh dinner is served
we've got our hamburger with the pepper
jack cheese the pineapple some grilled
onions is Alice's hurry up man
your bacon was like glowing what kind of
bacon is that it looks like alien bacon
here's my hamburger guys guacamole bacon
just some sort of seasoning I came here
what it's called but I know you guys are
like really I made you hungry now that's
probably the middle of the night you're
like crap and I have to get up and go
get food or maybe already eating uh-huh
or cook so am reading see ya
it's a nice day out today Paul I was
jumping Jose the heck happened
he's watching today's vlog guys we
didn't end the vlog well last night so
here's the year ending playing video
games right now or making a gaming video
I think we're gonna make an impressions
gameplay so it'd be really funny hit ya
on Call of Duty you couldn't get the ps4
sound to work ask Kappa past keV had to
fix that cuz he knows things so we don't
know yes it's the weekend for us and
it's a weekend for you too so hope you
have a good weekend and we will see you
guys next time okay
