it's it's us again guys Wow guess we're
going right now and are you I'm asking
you to guess because we have a vlog
today but we're vlogging now and we're
going to get Wingstop and no we don't
eat out for every just it's just dinner
yeah we're going to get wings Andrews
never had wings stop so he's gonna
experience yet today it's cloudy out
wings by the way BBQ
oh wow and mild homeless let's see in
jersey collage in the whole wall
for these away is smelly
we're taking up a giant table by the way
because what so alright Wingstop was
delicious
what are your first thoughts he's good
40 feet is it your new favorite wing
place no whoa
so what's your rank wing place rating
like order favorite to leave space
allowing sir no you got include
Applebee's wings yeah they're probably
add either wing son I have another weeks
they're tied with wing stop but buffalo
wings wins yep
what do you guys say they're any good
wing places where you guys live well I
think we've only had those three
O'Malley's hasn't but that's like not
like I'm gonna slap you guys we're going
to King Soopers today because we need
groceries and we'll make homemade meals
like we usually do but well film amor
since we're here
just stop judging okay there's always
weird people here - it's awesome lady
this morning cursing at her phone saying
I'm gonna beat yo beep beep beep beep Oh
jeepers oh here's a girl's got a little
sprouts get more groceries yeah
sprouts just like healthy grocery store
that's what we're about
so I really want some of these but look
at the price 9 bucks for a freaking bag
of this stuff gosh 4 bucks
this sounds good really good
here is sprouts that farmers markets
natural fruits natural foods it better
have strawberries cheap super soon happy
I know that idiot guys a blue this drink
we found
it's just
sake blobs
who would treat that I would if it's
healthy I guess you just doesn't tell me
you would drink that yeah I wouldn't
I like Rogers our deeds and this looks
really good
strawberry a sea coconut mango coconut
but these are freaking $3 Pilger I'm
gonna try these bad yeah
they jump here no no
but here is where we here's the grocery
store not too big but very healthy but
token a lot of it just look at the
sunset setting it looking beautiful
folks oh wow
Anders new driving style this would be
hard to make right turns by the way hey
guys hi we're having we've been in a big
tickle lately I don't know why we didn't
vlog the first time
yeah we just stalled in the middle or no
I don't know why I'm the car just turned
off I would turn back on in the middle
of the road we're not in our car by the
way
this is sets car as you can see it's a
big mess because of this new prank
we're just covered in soda sticky my
hair is like a rock now and we're trying
to get it back down that first you're
nice listen you're not something you
told us not to put it in part
accidentally put it in park and couldn't
get it unlocked it just goes in park and
gets stuck and we don't have our phones
with us so we're at Burger King like
place we don't know what to do we don't
have phones you don't know where we are
the car the car won't get out of park so
thankfully saw my construction worker
knew that if you stick a pin right there
you can like poke it down and it'll make
it come out of Park so that was very
thankful we're feeling as did that movie
everything in this car is sticky there's
literally no safe spots it's just full
of soda and everything Arnold lady was
pissed at me but even the windshield the
cameras on camera is just full of soda
droplets okay well here's the McDonald's
be pranked and she got pissed so that's
where we bolted away she was not happy
don't want to see them ever again my
car's not here anymore it's someone
else's car is there okay so they really
told my car this sucks
we parked right here right on the end
right there and now the car is gone hey
where's Seth by the way you're gonna
have to go to McDonald's I guess all
right
oh and our phones are in the car my car
that is we have our wallets oh oh
alright we're back what happens you guys
can see we're in my car now which was it
towed we forgot we drove it to Taco Bell
for the first prank so we're just
kidding it's just in the parking lot oh
my car guy coat it's literally right
next door we both forgot something oh my
gosh
so yeah the Seth was sitting Seth and
his friend were sitting on the car
waiting for us yeah there's so much to
explain like we thought it was a prank
he thought it was a prank they pranked
us I don't know what I mean oh what's
real and he described the city but
justin has class he has to go present
his final he's covered in soda my class
starts in three minutes so if three
minutes are on the highway so kind of
late
oh my gosh like you're gonna see a my
skin is hair it just drenched in soda
guys we're back at the apartment and we
made dinner by the way
salmon bacon brown sugar carrots so to
all the haters out there this bacon oh
we actually do make and cook meals okay
so now it's time to eat a guess Oh with
this mandarin life hands is the best yes
using tea
alright we just come back from the gym
and you know what time it is thank for
cookies so yeah where you ran out of
tinfoil so we keep reusing the same
piece this is the piece we used for the
salmon we just flipped it over spray
some sauce on top of it and it's good to
go I'm so excited for cookies thanks for
watching today's vlog I just cleaned up
because I made a mess today as you saw
if you don't already know what the prank
is well you'll see soon we need to get
up in the morning and film another clip
hopefully please so if you're watching
this just please just it's been a hard
prank to film so that's for sure but
we'll see you guys later goodbye
