this is stop talking about bills cuz I
wasn't I wasn't gonna be here that's why
I'm here bills are due today I thought
or yesterday girl $1 what's it do turn
that off I look like crap I just woke up
I don't want to be on crap
well we're fired we're getting kicked
out I've got to pay our water bill but
welcome hello guys
oh we're ready for the day by the way um
we got some fan mail by the way as well
got some packages here Andreo do you
want to open these Hey see yes I can't
see into that dark abyss of a room oh
all right well how about you open one
and I open one okay sounds fair to me
now whoa hey that's our new logo that's
cool that is sick it's also a letter
here I want this on the wall by the lake
yeah this is a cool letter she wrote and
she put like blue border on the top oh
goodness
Rebecca says you give these are
hilarious
boy I actually started saying ho a to my
cat and now she responds to it oh man
that's cool
in case you guys don't know I'm the girl
essential to mail in the CD that the
Postal Service somewhat destroyed oh
yeah they didn't destroy this one at
least just crinkled it they just like
bent it and put it in the mailbox they
just hate get meal for me I guess yeah
Rebecca how dead she's tried sending it
doesn't that for the
this one how crazy would that be if it
did what is it for Justin Andrew a for
Kevin Wow
Kevin on his own later whore s what is
that what is that that's a picture of
you Dragon Ball Z no that's you
doesn't Kevin like Dragon Ball Z my name
is Troy and I am from North I am from
Maryland I'd like to thank you for guys
for inspiring me I've subscribed you
guys since falling Madness it's been one
heck of a journey and it's been fun
Thank You Troy and let's Kevin that's
from Troy open it he will kill you if
you don't thanks Troy dear Kevin I would
like to thank you because you have
inspired me so much to just be myself oh
this is a sick picture of go to man you
check this out that's sick oh I'm not
sure if this is kid Goku or when Phil ku
like he morphed thanks man
thanks Troy thanks Troy for those cool
inspiring messages you wrote to us we
also have we have two letters so letter
you ought to open that it's a pretty
long letter so we're not gonna read the
whole camera by anyway yeah thanks Aaron
hi my name is Aaron and I am soon to be
12 her birthday is April 30th tomorrow
Wow because today's the 29th happy
birthday Aaron happy birthday he has
this Wow and dad er I love your vids I
feel like part of my life is checking
for new vids
in this envelope I have included a
dollar for you to give to Andrew to go
bald there's a dollar what Oh Andrew go
bald oh my gosh
I have put my return address for you
guys to write me something with your
signature well and really think you have
to go bald Issei go I will not accept
this channel you'll invest this dollar
if he gets like two more dollars he'll
if everybody sends me a dollar in the
mail like I need about 400 letters
then I will go bald don't send us mobile
also guys um in tomorrow's vlog we're
going to upload some extras from the
pulling things out of people's hair like
right now we have well you can see me
but what the head out but you can't see
it in here but we have a lot of footage
looks like it says six minutes of extra
footage so dude you psycho you freaking
broke it I think I fix everything go
deal you guys you guys let's see what we
have to do
Andrews wrecking the whole house get
cat's new shoe style guys pretty sexy
get it look guys it's Pharrell because
I'm happy
yes good don't make fun by Yogi Bear hat
I know you haters out there don't like
this happen I'm gonna keep wearing it it
will be a thing who is that I don't know
good coaches
okay I'm just kidding
there we go
I do it again really dark yeah I found
some cotton balls for a dollar Dickies
what we need guy what yeah but buddy of
you ha ha
Chomsky's Cavs getting back in a
blog on - so you better get over my log
oh that's rude I was I was being quiet
like you remember word to David Speights
on that you came up with
get that game up my face look who's
David Spade's come up no sorry I'm not
an idiot
hey David Spade's not David Spade's we
found these for a dollar - this is gonna
be perfect
dude this camera makes everything so
colorful that's what you have to get a
blogging camera not a crappy camcorder
yeah Wow
I like this just for summer we're
obviously boat getting packing peanuts
sings 34 bucks dude we want to drop the
whole thing on someone's head we're oh
that was smaller ten by going by packing
peanuts to dump the whole make on some I
would dude use 35 bucks this was one ten
bucks they'll dad hurry dad
well dad dad the finest reason you can't
call him dad you'll kill us as you can
tell it's insanely windy out here so I
don't know if we'll be able to do too
much outside today
that was weird guys I don't know if you
could hear that guy yelling at us he
wanted to fight us cuz I was yelling dad
at him first he was yelling at the
traffic cutter I tried to run him over
he was in a crosswalk when you wouldn't
shoot yeah I don't even know if guys can
hear us but yeah we're here so we have
arrived at the library but kicker where
and here's our props we got these in
here perfect you know how we do gasps
all right
we found a victim guys we want to dump
this whole thing on her so how do you
feel nervous yeah Kevin's already down
there filming right now but we're just
trying to figure out how we're gonna do
this so it's kind of scary but we think
this could be so funny
some breed eat fresh you always got to
get a good meal when you're done
pranking good I got some kind of thing
on me coughs okay ah that's up right
and you finish this meal guys we all did
nope just me we went hand on the subway
can keV beat him
on the embarrass the
those beautiful I'm filming yeah yeah
I'm still filming
try Bamba dudes - here
so back in the car sometimes when we
prank it doesn't go according to plan we
didn't really get too many good clips
today but it's okay
hey just got back and we got beverages
because we're ordering a pizza from us
great I want pizza Frank are you ready
to play I found a coupon online
surprisingly for a nine dollar pizza for
any toppings so we got pepperoni bacon
ham Italian sausage pineapple but half
of the pizza is one style half is the
other yeah so we also have special
instructions we're gonna just say be
happy or you're fired or something so as
you can see we got our custom pizza and
the prank waves for me well the prank
went very successful we just gotta watch
it yeah I wasn't even watching it but it
was a lady and it was very funny so
you'll see it in the video guys time to
in Julie and action just got back from
the gym guys and it's ten o'clock they
close at 10:00 so we're right on time
Wow are you tired yeah how was a good
one today don't you think yep wait today
we did biceps and back and shoulders so
just had some protein and got a upload
vlog so yeah anything else we need to
talk about well start getting up in the
morning for chick-fil-a let's take a
look at what's free tomorrow free
chick-fil-a chicken biscuit oh that's
right there I think we had that one in
that one we're gonna go to chick-fil-a
in the morning and then we have to
finish pranking because tomorrow's
Wednesday and um we only have one clip
so what I mean yeah you heard up here
folks
we seriously got terrible clips today
sometimes pranking doesn't go as well as
you think so
gonna try and finish it before if we
don't finish it tomorrow we're gonna
have to upload Thursday hope you guys
are pissed
hey Andrew were probably gonna have to
upload on Thursday dude they're all
going to unsubscribe now
dude they're all going to unsubscribe
now I hope you guys had a good day and I
hope you enjoy today's vlog who did make
sure to give it a thumbs up as always
and we'll see you guys tomorrow laughter
burp and sorry we don't have both
sometimes we get busy
oh but tomorrow's bits going to be
pretty funny yeah well bye
