every day can't be about him there's
other people who selfish I must be
psychotic meant it the thing that I'm
worthy of all this tension
Waller's mine weren't really hard for I
slept in place like work and the
drugstore mitosis nine Menard alright
hey yeah Kevin's back yeah
video games guitars going for shooting
stars make a wish bitch though so we're
back to normal I mean Andrew are gonna
head out and play I'm not play we're
gonna film some Oh
rap wordplay directory actor so hope you
like I bet you didn't think camp could
play the guitar we're gonna go fill my
video for awesomeness TV and do some
blogging since we didn't really talk
much yeah we have to vlog so come along
and join us on this journey using um
Kevin's vlog camera now because what I
wanted to tell you guys is we would vlog
so much more I feel like if we had a
separate camera because vlogging on our
prank camera can get annoying like
having both log footage and prank
footage on the same camera so we have a
separate memory card now in this camera
and we can vlog more now because we can
just pull this out whenever we want
that's all I want to say so see you soon
I just got outside and my car is covered
in all this poo this poo from the tree
here freaking mid top is covered in it I
get off you invited everyone I told you
these cars always clean well literally
never fails look at his car and then
look at my car that crap
it's just so much Streeters pooping
we both parked under trees and this is
what we get
alright just cut to the Metro State
University cuz that's I don't know we
like coming to that College cuz we've
never get in trouble and parking here is
only 50 cents in an hour so very good
deal got a nice spot pretty close so
let's pay and prank this college is so
beautiful every time you come here I
don't know look at the summer's here the
grass is green the trees are starting to
flourish by life you saw her Pizza prank
we did the or not our pizza prank the
pulling things out of people's hair we
did the scene right there and a guitar
scene in here we've done so many scenes
in here actually so we're gonna keep on
the benches yeah we're gonna do another
scene right now real quick look how many
people aren't here just wow we came on
the right day to prank like they're
having so many like I don't know what's
going on their activities yeah
activities so there's people all over
the place so you can say we're in
Franken heaven right now yes sir yeah we
got some good clips so far yeah thanks
when there's this company over there you
probably get you can barely see it right
there it's called Axl's think that's how
you pronounce it's like a Colorado based
company we're trying to get them to like
sponsor us so yeah emailed oh I matching
that sick that would be like we get
Colorado merch oh yes all right guys
we're gonna prank him for the day I
guess yeah I have to go to class like
usual can't wait till summer I don't it
leave
that's gonna be way more productive I
think so we did get some good clips how
you suspect I think we did so this
should turn out to be a interesting
video and we also thought of a new idea
so ha ha ha you guys are in for a treat
either way
hey guys
driving right now you missed it we
didn't film the traffic it was insanely
bad it's kind of bad but now it's
flowing we've ever vlog these apartments
or whatever they are before but yeah
they're pretty stellar the top one these
are like three hundred thousand to a
million dollars yeah and it's like not
that nice in my area in Cherry Creek is
is supposed to be pretty nice
it kind of is but would you pay a
million bucks for that top one right
there from school guys and now it's just
chill action time you playing some video
games yes dad I died those the problem
this is Andrew new ps4 the graphics are
absolutely beautiful is it is it blurry
no alright time for the gym we haven't
been to the gym in like two weeks
oops thanks to DJ good going to make her
muscles disappear yeah so we gotta get
back in the routine and bring the camera
out for no reason maybe we'll do
something funny at the gym we'll see
45 all right what are we doing today
though I think we're gonna do about
everything
we're gonna do like every muscle group
because we haven't done anything at all
so
see you soon this is how not to use
workout equipment
you
I think we should become personal
trainers don't you guys we've mastered
literally every workout as you can tell
we know how to do its you went to work
can you type your body hey guys if you
want to come to get community guiding
meetings please sign up below thanks who
thinks we should sign up Kevin to the
community garden meeting village I don't
know the email knows that's the problem
oh now after workout it's good to have
protein and this is what we have guys
some muscle milk 32 grams protein peanut
butter chocolate flavor
geeky get for you guys for making dinner
- look what we're making
what's this Andrew kielbasa with
Barney's house barbecue sauce it up and
then sick in the other simple meal with
Annies shells and relates chatter mac
and cheese so it's a pretty delightful
meal this evening so many good
restaurant quality cut tastes like 10
minutes so we'll show you the after
product right now check it II D this is
the finished product and boy oh boy Wow
so happy good work post-workout meal as
well so yeah you guys proteins some
healthy greens so I guess no more
vlogging turn the chow chow
we're heading to McDonald's to get some
ice cream and don't you dare think about
judging us know we don't go here every
day by the way it's just one dollar give
us a break
yeah okay we know you want ice cream -
yeah okay
it's 10:55 can't see but it's late
mister we do hang fries cream yeah cuz
you have to have dessert after a main
meal that's just a given done so yeah
oh maybe in the drive-thru we could do
something funny for you guys leave a
like if you think we should do that this
vlog gets 10,000 lights we'll do
something funny in the drive-through ya
guys fine can you at least try to be
funny this time oh yes my name is Andrew
by the way huh my name is Andrew by the
way Andrew
like I didn't even acknowledge the fact
that your name's Andrew
he's like Marika music huh
you like Andrew yeah yeah we gotta get
that next person so I say a different
name this name yeah
say my name is Gail my name is EJ all
right my name is Gail by the way yeah
yeah thank you see ya does it make sense
yeah good say ha ha ha yeah okay have a
good day
this guy's obviously a creep see guys
you got to add more humor to your life
you guys gotta try this when you're out
with your friends just be goofy have
some good laughs enjoy this life that
you have yeah I think this is the end of
the vlog thanks for tuning in guys
and I want to ask you what do we have to
do to become your favorite YouTube
channel what's so funny about that
buster it's a great question actually
what do we have to do to make you like
us more than yep let us know and I want
to uh leave that favorite EDM music
artists DJs and sometimes this vlog for
example we upload very late I don't know
if that's a problem I don't know what
time it is where you guys are but for me
I usually watch all the people I'm
subscribed to when I'm in bed so usually
that's like around 1 a.m. so what time
you guys watch our vlogs you watch it
like drink breakfast dinner while you're
doing your homework or all the above
anyways
