hello guys today we're at Taco Bell this
morning because we still haven't tried
the Taco Bell breakfast so we're giving
this a try today hopefully it's good
yeah let's try sausage breakfast burrito
and and bacon crunch wrap that's my
order for the day folks
sounds good I got that bacon burrito and
a hash brown a.m. sausage contra a
sausage thing here
and then my album Cinnabon the leg -
that's going to be good
well tights
it's good hmm we have to say no that one
guy want to say to say aye
this is for whatever I don't know
remember your name you said say your
name when I eat this this is for Reggie
Grindr oh no this is really good again
oh yeah
Russell bacon was awesome
whatever they put in you're really tough
a Dollar Tree
ah the place where cheap stuff comes in
handy for pranks we're getting some
stuff for part two of polling stuff from
people's hair so
niles oh hello any other toys you want
to play with over in the toy section
you've got these toys are high quality
toys by the way and it's thanking her
here and I look what we found at the
dollar store only two flavors though but
heck whoo yeah Dean cylon t happy TJ's
cuz he's wanting to try that I know now
I guess I guess King I'm gonna try that
see you on yeah try that see what the
thoughts are I think I've had before I
was surprised Lea happy come on man you
had one job for pete's sake hi we have
fan mail four letters for us I just do
for you and two for me I don't even know
how this got to our apartment to be
honest yeah he does access from Tony but
he scratched it out Tony I see that you
wrote that to Jay hello guys my name is
Tony I've been watching your video since
2011 please make daily vlogs thanks for
the letter Tony oh sweet this is a cool
picture yeah Tony drew the whole a for
us
Oh kind of like a really yummy doughnut
I want that nice letters from Nick and
from oh he lives in Colorado so
something interesting typed letter oh
this is cool Wow
that's it cool dear just his titties I
love it as videos I've been a fan for
about six months now I wanna see there's
a layer of how awesome every design is
down below about some cool prank ideas
you should do and we will read those
because if we read in my library we know
you guys are gonna steal
right weeks Nick Nick Nick from Colorado
cool letter
let's who's the next left or this letter
is from Gardner yeah he lives in
Connecticut it's okay he says please
write back with signatures from Kevin
Justin and Andrew K then the mission
thanks for the DJ DJ trying to make
myself some background music oh you guys
I guess you guys could use it it's just
kind of a long letter only music I know
alright I'm actually wrote to j stu
studios Justin Andrew Kevin Britney and
Mary Jacob well I can honestly say you
guys are probably some of the funniest
guys ever every there is never a date
where you guys don't make me laugh oh
and please show this to Kevin because
this letter is to Andrew Justin Brittany
surface below your name wrong marry
Jacob in Kevin okay we'll read those
thank you so much for this this is from
John thanks for that pizza check it out
a return envelope with a stamp yard
thank you John for this letter it is
tying down for a Justin and Andrew
going to the grocery store now to get
tea what Wow we're gonna get tea cuz
we're gonna make cookies and this tea is
very good should we check mail by the
way okay DJ is staying here to finish
his edit so good luck
hey good luck in good riddens King
surprised everything okay so don't judge
us Thanks
beverages where are the beverages where
are the beverages chicken Oh
if you go to grocery store they always
have like this good deal pretty good
chicken on sale
zesty blokes bra that I wanted BBQ man
it's gotten that's ready to make me
whole Bobby here we go
somebody turned off the lights in here I
don't appreciate it this is drink
no way dude these are 88 cents yes just
the ones we wanted to get our on sale
that guys so appreciate is good yeah
very good I've never had
this is good these two are good guys
premium tea lemonade of this one
specific Rico
during the peach as very all-natural and
what I usually look for in the
ingredients is there's no high fructose
corn syrup which is back
which
this doesn't have but this does
yep
high-fructose corn syrup they are good
though buy these are even better than
these are also cheaper by one set good
job as you can see I have my wallet here
now watch now how do we get this how to
get inside this gate here but Oh blocks
us from our apartment this thing whoa
whoa is that Oh how'd that happen
Hey holy snacks how did do that up the
gate goodies hi we're holding it we're
home by myself oh this is a good day
sometimes I like it blurry when you're
looking at lights it's cool hey guys
we're on Omega right now and our YouTube
friend loft posted a tweet saying he's
on there so we're just trying to find
him over I'm running into fans right now
say hello bro he's been uh he's from
Australia so I mean well it's good to
talk to you too man yeah hello you
people can't hear you but I can see you
so wave and be happy thank you bro see
you bros cuz I know you're gonna be
watching this so yeah sit away because I
said that if I got a hundred Watchers I
would try it
um so I'm kind of nervous right now but
I'm gonna go grab a spoon I know okay
I'm gonna explain to the camera
attacking DJs during his first live
stream on yevo and we said if you got
100 Watchers he would try some of this
delicious food so let's see how this
goes somebody screenshot my faces as I'm
eating this and tweet them to me because
I'm sure they're gonna be ridiculous
what's up
haha people put that on bread oh my god
I think he likes I did it you need a
beverage or something maybe right there
why do people do that I don't think they
eat it plainly but oh oh don't do that
guys ah somebody recorded it nice just
don't do that I don't recommend it um
that was a terrible experience hey guys
welcome back huge respect from Russia
Thank You mr. black star 777 on Twitter
that is awesome to hear it's at the end
of the vlog basically and this vlog was
so sporadic and random sorry sometimes
we just don't really vlog because I
don't know we get caught up in other
things and yeah DJ's gone Kevin's back
so we're gonna be vlogging some more
back to the usual I have a very
important update by the way I'm like my
phone let's hear okay so probably have
played that new game 2048 the tile game
with the numbers anyways I've been
addicted for a while because I wanted to
win so bad yes I finally be one who
biggie now you could get outside and do
things like enjoy the fresh air
yeah so that's that we hope you guys
like today's vlog and we hope you
enjoyed the vlogs with DJ sure fun
having him collab does that sound I
don't know
but see you guys tomorrow
sorry Tina
it's getting
