well good morning everybody and welcome
back to more Jase do you having a good
day I know I am we are and I found this
in your car that's mine anyways today's
vlog we're back at it again who
remembers when we were doing some Funko
pop hobby exploring do you remember that
well well if anyways if you guys don't
know what Funko pops are then you're
about to find out but at the mall
because they have a lot of shops here so
let's go find some rares some exclusives
and some Funko's go pause oh of course
we came here last time guys and they
were closed for some reason they're
closed on Mondays and Tuesdays and I
know they have rares in here see they
even have one right here no I never seen
that one but us in let us in look on the
wall I didn't even see that wall before
yeah and the Christmas decorations are
already going up folks it's not even
Thanksgiving yet but I love it what I
was talking to somebody yesterday but
Mary and I are going to decorate
extremely early this year because baby
is coming sometime in December so whoa
this is gonna be the first year we
decorate in scene
I I love that idea because Christmas
lights are just so everything Christmasy
is just happy so you can't go wrong
just look at this guy's who's happy
already alright we're here at Hot Topic
the reason why also I think Funko pops
our self course because there's
constantly up they're constantly
updating them there's always new ones
have all this changer these there's Joan
AFM Joanie isn't say they got these and
then they get this whole back wall let's
go see if we can all we got Dumbo
already some right here don't piss me oh
that's so cool Salman Snow White's
actually kind of Gore like his gold
dress hot diamond collection
what does that mean that rare one focus
is this one rare guys let us know it it
looks like it may be rare I think it is
I'm in collection action hot topic
exclusive and it's all Chinese wall fun
another one this one's the convention
exclusive thank you hey guys these must
be new
Dave Jumanji characters look L do they
have buddy yes if they have buddy here
all they got Papa elf
no way the heck okay Hot Topic is not
letting us down today what'd you find
it's Mar from home alone what is what's
on his head that's where he gets smacked
with the iron in the forehead it's so
fun okay I have to get I've got a
crowbar and everything but really cool
now where's Harry Harry I'm coming in
that was cool looking to the witch from
Cinderella
Oh father I've died
what I said before is lava
everyone in Pompeii 79-80 checking to
see if there's any new fun board games
out yeah it's always fun checking to see
what they got
yeah I got two new ones right yeah so
I've been playing pandemic and codenames
well there it is yeah this games this
game is actually really fun you have
that version yeah just the original I
really like this game and they have an
expansion pack now so what is that a new
destiny I want to get a pack and open it
wait already this one I think it's this
one alright we're hearing another shop
here in car Springs we can't really see
it vans comics games and cards yeah the
last hunting video we did we'd never got
a chance to come here he's going in but
what did they say they've had that an
invisible Yoda isn't ready more rarest
yeah yeah oh no all these guys are going
in or they're gonna get hurt say they
mainly have comic books whoa lots of
things here lots of cards Andrew well
here's some Funko's dude it's insane how
many comic books there are too good all
these cards do dinner alright I guess we
didn't know but we weren't supposed to
be filming in there so but we found our
most insane rare of the day not a Funko
but since this is a comic book store
they have one in there that was priced
for 750 bucks a comic book yeah we
didn't get the chance to film him but it
was like an x-men like big sized comic
book Oh Hugh say knows normally he could
probably get it for like 1500 or
something like that
what we're gonna go find some comic
books I also didn't have too many rare
Funko's they only had like pi/6 so on to
the next door here is another hidden gem
in our city it's like a huge antique
store not only for just I guess
collectible things but just in general
lots of cool stuff last time we went
here I got a I found a Tasmanian Devil
Funko pop that was cool lots of antiques
Legos Hot Wheels oh here's some well
that was 35 bucks why it's a limited
chase edition oh but I don't like those
rares yeah an America Kohl's rare they
even have Broncos cards back here you
want any oh look a paint Manning season
ticket card lost bet you didn't think
Hot Wheels could be expensive
this one's 60 bucks no how old is that
dude
look guys first-ever Funko's that's
where they got their idea from these
things how old are they
mm - I was saying we should each buy a
comic and then see who gets the better
deal like how rare it is
because we we're trying to figure out
some people probably don't know how to
price their comic books correctly
because think like this comic book right
here if you just saw you baby huh that's
probably not too valuable but this their
pricing is $75 but not everybody knows
how valuable some things are a box we
just found I mean they're doing it right
by putting these all together but he
looks it online and said when you're
looking at comic books look at the year
right right you're trying to find stuff
that's like 1970s that's the most rare
and like stuff that's like I can't
remember cut to me this was kind of like
rare but they have it priced at 4 bucks
so maybe not okay we weren't checking
around in our city if we could find some
more stores we haven't been do that
carry em so we found one in town they're
like yeah we got a few hundred or me and
ager like what a few hundred that's
insane but then all this other store and
they said they had a few thousand and
they have rares exclusives they don't
carry triples like and it's right across
the street it's in the Citadel mall guys
real quick cuz I heard to his bus was
going out of business by oh no after
Toys R Us once we go to this shop who
has all the rares
Andrew might be able to get his first
rare Von Miller Funko pop and they have
Von Miller I'll buy it who thinks a have
on Miller Toys R Us my Apple mother
I can give that a zero percent chance
funko city is here
look they have giant plush ones to
danger look they have football players
they may have fun oh my goodness Cam
Newton and Antonio Brown where's Vaughn
oh I was just thinking we both actually
should probably make a Toys R Us like
account for our kids close our account
you know like you know you guys gonna
count those bring your phone number just
holy whoa there's a lot on the side wow
what is this this is new powers
boomerang behavior we have definitely
fit in this here's a better look at it
haha new as well
this thing is epic somebody tweeted us
this yeah I thought that was just like a
prank thing one or two riders we both
can ride Andrew really yeah well I guess
we'll be coming back soon okay guys we
may have saved the best for last
we're gonna see what the rarest funcle'
we can find in this store I mean we are
hype right now she's a thousands they
got rares I mean what I have never seen
this before this is a it's an actual
high school look
but I guess if you're on lunch break you
have tons of food options this isn't the
store but we saw some in here
go calendars games and toys looks pretty
cool though
super not too many new ones yeah I need
you Turtles kind of cool yeah well some
new ones
Star Wars all Zootopia that's cool
dollhouse what Bob Ross is hilarious
guys do you know who Bob Ross is dude
that's classic and there's only one
version of Bob that's cool that's pretty
cool for all you people who collect
stuff I bet you're cringing at this I'm
so mad who did that somebody's about to
get fired we may have just found
something that danger and I both need
they have two left dads what is this
does it counter just different events
you do January it's like snowy February
football oh my gosh that's cool
hey dad keep your family organized okay
if you all didn't know or if you're a
new subscriber with both Andrew and I
our wives are pregnant so real-life dad
vlogs coming soon
like and subscribe guys Bob Ross he's
making appearance to his lesson right
Bob Ross chia pet what is this store he
drew it Barbra socks just a peek at some
of his best works see he makes good
paintings there's two different ones
nothing like this doughnut mug and then
this is just a collection of donuts
which one do you want crap
oh this one's a dick yeah I found one
better the doughnuts mug
that's so ha start your morning off and
write my wife if my wife Mary is
watching this Christmas is kind of
coming up right yeah oh my goodness
guys this store is huge
whoa I can already tell they're gonna
have rares
do they have Kevin hello Kevin from home
alone right here Harry yes I may have
spotted something so you know how I just
got here Marv we were looking for Harry
we found him but look how much Marvis
here $25 that hot topic this was like 12
or 13 I think
what
man they got bunny to elf - and this is
25 bucks what is happening what what's
fucked me oh this is a rare one see it -
actual like the floor so this we the Bob
Ross we just saw that was like what 12
bucks yeah this is the upgraded version
good they have different versions of
them - no way dude how many different
versions and this one would keep had -
whoo that's cool but 35 bucks for these
ones this was God he said would you say
he's got real hair well it's like
actually like furry like you see yeah
like shiny and yet lumps that's pretty
cool dude we're finding some really cool
ones though like look this one looks
like it's like Lego mode 8-bit yeah this
one's 30 that's pretty cool Oh
strawberry shortcake and blueberry
muffin - cool Barnes and Noble and it's
scented
yeah haven't seen this one Dig Dug look
at this
they got Nemo Shrek down there I haven't
seen frozen Olaf dude that's cool the
Shrek I like that one most expensive one
I found so far 75 I don't know this this
one doesn't look like it doesn't have
any rare stickers on it
it's like a hollow graphic mode DIY
that's kind of cool
I've seen people do custom ones I never
knew really how they did it but I think
we found the ultimate rares Disney comic
books 1950s through the 70s that's
pretty cool
normal Bob Ross 30-watt so this guy put
a lift kit on his basically a little
like Ford vehicle those tires are so big
look at the color I mean the colors kind
of cool but like why
what's with the left why back the house
I was a fun exploring that place though
remember we said earlier we called him
like we have thousands they might have
had a hundred that's it false
clickbait well I guess we're gonna have
to go back to the others from that
Center that he had hundreds you know he
does yeah but it just got this open it
up through the green is that Purple's
the legendary so is this the best one
you got though yeah someone has the
day's good green so if you guys who play
this game you know what this is hmm well
okay thanks destiny so here's a very
good lighting of the Funko's I got I
almost got Bob Ross but I didn't but
these two adieu Marv classic and then
Papa elf
another classic since christmas is
coming up thought I'd get to Christmas
themed ones but this is the end of the
vlog guys thanks so much for watching if
you enjoy us doing this kind of
exploring we'd appreciate it if you left
a like yeah and I don't know what else
but we'll see you in the next vlog have
fun be safe and jesus loves you
see you tomorrow good bye
