what's up guys so we're going out to
film for a DJ's prank you guys okay
we're heading to Costco cuz got this
speaker great but yeah you got the
speaker it's gonna be awesome that's all
I know it's all these recordings and
it's simple like you know what excuse me
sir and then they turn around and
nobody's there cuz it's just a speaker
hidden in the shelf that's pretty
awesome
Costco's good cuz I call the aisles are
really big so it's like nobody could
like say it and then run away in time
you know it's like exactly we're gonna
be weird out hello Costco we're back
again hopefully last time we were here
this lady got pissed at us and basically
told on us but we ran out before that
was possible yeah I'll see you Jen right
yes alright now I just have to find that
correct the right aisle to film this in
gotta get one that's like populated you
know yeah the food ones are very usually
popular so all that area as opposed to
the yeah Jesus mark yeah I do want this
verb maybe house it is $1700 so goldfish
goldfish graham crackers this is the
best here's the mic secretly hidden
right there as you can see we changed
locations we are waiting for victims at
the moment it's in the cart by the way
coach over there and this safely he's
not too popular so taking it slow pretty
good yeah except for cheering me down
there anyway it's rather close now right
got some good clips safe language okay
what we're back we're back at the house
right now at 7:30 we didn't vlog too
much as we've been like editing
discussing new ideas yeah we didn't vlog
too much because busy you know it's hard
to do this but now we're gonna do
something before it gets too dark maybe
go play more tennis because it's fun
okay geez either gonna go play tennis or
we're gonna go play tennis I'm gonna go
with option B maybe see Buddha exporting
vlog right now and it's 13 minutes and
42 seconds do you guys like longer vlogs
or maybe around the 10-minute range I
know some people like longer vlogs but
maybe some people don't
sometimes it's acceptable to do longer
vlogs cuz more crazy stuff happen you
know you want to make sure that it all
gets up there exactly can't cut that
down the more entertaining the vlog the
longer it is doesn't matter
ya come beautiful it is outside right
now
sunset in the sky along man tomorrow
it's supposed to be in the 70s so I bet
you you can sure count on us being
outside and hanging outside so ha ha ha
whoa with us skyrocket shots
whoa-ah
yeah Roger this will transport we are
entering the psychosomatic wormhole here
we're stopping by King Soopers cos DJ
needs to get some supply some also I got
this red box for about a week everyday
can literally keep forgetting to return
it and I swear I think that's how red
box makes all their money cuz I bet
you're a victim of that too not
returning the red box so I probably like
almost ten dollars just for this movie
what really right oh yeah oh shoot yeah
they don't see ya that T's good - it
doesn't even have that much sugar
compared yeah 16 I'm gonna try this King
Soopers doesn't have piece D so we're
going to the gas station Wow what what's
right yeah DJ will love it it must stop
dude so what's the problem
DJ isn't satisfied there is no peace tea
at this gas station as usual guess I
gotta go somewhere else
listen my changes you can't just get
another one now we have to go somewhere
else
are you bros okay I tricked like
happened huh
so it's the problem freaking in this
other one I don't know what it is seen
TV TV and he's okay but it's not it's
okay this are manufactured here in
Colorado
Oh zyne do they have them out in
California yeah I think they're I guess
every gas station between every single
gas station every it's midnight here and
you know us teenage guys like food look
you know what I mean gotta get that food
at the latest hours it's like our bodies
are like hungry time now for some reason
this is actually another only 11:48 you
said it was midnight you lied to all the
viewers now they're all on you gotta
round up now they're all on subscribe
because I'm an outlaw on some Friday
because of you or anybody wondering my
boys has been weird lately because of my
throat I don't know maybe I'm sick get
your hands off me
yeah that's what you get you take that
back
the guys think we're driving my car
we're driving Kevin's card what what's
accent see ya wow I tricked this is a
good prank by me wow you can see into
our apartment how convenient I think
we're home and huh
of us welcome back always laugh at me
cut it with the accent already what
accent I don't have an accent
just don't you want me to have an egg
scene okay talk like that
cut it out Yemen s yeah set you on fire
for zoom boats can cut it with the Asian
action that's racist very rare
McDonald's gonna get a snack that's
about it
there's wow I see you he sees me filming
these walks away do yours hi can we do
three separate orders or what double
cheeseburger a plain hot and spicy a
strawberry burger
plain plain plain everything's gonna be
playing it's just a double cheeseburger
playing hot and spicy make chicken plain
strawberry cream pie yep yep and a
medium fry and for the second one can we
get a hot and spicy is the ice cream
machine operational gala let's get an
ice cream yes
about $2 well let's do the math hi guys
oh thank you thank you
like this drive-thru guy has no idea
what's going on literally what we search
in his trunk
you don't turn at it what's that one
thing we used to do when we go through
the drive-thru like he's like I can't
take order oh yes just say yes place it
there if I have to do the dry ice thing
is I can take order yeah
and that is I'm gonna ask her if she has
the whole a sauce now do you have hoy a
sauce as well
Oh time look looks like Andrew couldn't
wait to eat til he got home I couldn't
either
you just wait and I wonder if I got one
you ready yes
we're back for round two cuz I had to
get my order and I'm gonna ask her if
they have hi hey sauce again
I did I hope they have it this time the
policeman literally just walked up to
the drive-through and ordered food not
in his car the heck up EMP hoy a sauce
by the way okay sorry sweet chili I
really wanted well you guys already know
what happened
we forgot to film an ending typical us
but I hope you guys like today's vlog
and it's the weekend basically it's
Friday so hope you guys have a good
weekend and see you guys always see ya
that's with the pipes and again I didn't
like
