what's up guys it's new day here at the
JC u households and we're going to get
some chick-fil-a breakfast because every
Wednesday it's free and today's a
sausage biscuit right free breakfast
till 10:30 actually oh crap no sausage
biscuit hashbrowns chick-fil-a biscuit
this is exciting and we're gone how
together the rest of our clips too for
our prank that we're uploading today so
we come have to hurry
rip load in four hours
four and a half so let's go all right
maybe chick-fil-a and look at the line
here the drive-thru line since they have
free breakfast people are going ham on
the free stuff just like us
hey DJ's going in the wrong exit for
every restaurant because those are
almost good awkward or opening my EJ
see this free sandwich oh that's perfect
because we need to get your protein in
for the day know if DJ doesn't get
protein watch out man let's you know
what has a first bite how it tastes dude
that is one free breakfast no
chick-fil-a we were discussing how some
prank channels on YouTube will use girls
in their bodies just to get views on
YouTube but we think that's like on of
us really annoying and just no respect
it's not so much like
can't use girls it brings me like the
time that all it's just like putting all
of the focus on to that and not like
it's hard to describe but some people
will put all their focus on just selling
sex and not actually putting out good
ideas like that's that is what gets
annoying that it's a good idea and I'm
all for it but
it's when people are just stupid about
it and all they do is like think people
put thumbnails like girls butts or
something it's like that's not the
comedy part you're just using girls body
parts get male viewers it's a little
annoying to the girls humor about adding
in like their body to attract the
viewers like no guys we just got to
Metro State University and we're ready
to prank DJ any intro right there
and they're waiting for me so let's do
this
we're taking a quick pit stop at Little
Caesars to get another pizza for this
prank which you guys will see we use the
pizza and the prank so this is just good
anyway five bucks for pizza take it you
can oh this might disappear before we
film okay um I think we're gonna go play
pool because DJ's never played it before
no he's playing it but he hasn't played
it here what the what happened if you've
seen her prank yet I was in it and it
was we would like take things out of
people's hair do it example again get
the cream well somebody else would be
there so I'd be like you know like I'd
go up to Andrew and I'd be like hey you
got something right here yeah yeah let
me just oh my gosh whoa what done that
in your hair man yeah why did you have
the crayon it would feel like crayon in
my head it's the coolest thing on the
planet let us know your favorite scene
in the comments below and if you guys
want to see us do part two then give
this vlog alike and the main channel
video like
all right there's the brooch they're
playing I have to go get my racket now
one more point left we're the score
keepers yes we see a comeback you can do
this that's the attitude right fire
playing a game and we have ball boy
and our two random people who want to
help we're getting an inside look here
the two tennis pros the two tennis pros
Justin Corey Stewart versus versus digi
Digimon Synod don't see how this man
goes he serves it Don is saying good sir
you or me in the video these girls are
keeping score for us and they also help
me borrow their really cool scooter say
hi can you say hi
a say it's a word we made up right right
do we go in public and we say boy see
it's just fun to say hey guys you see
were making friends guys who did you
think he was apparently DJ's booty fire
man do the intro please bro I don't know
the intro you're pudy pie yeah
how's it going bros now we got a bro did
you just slap her hey no fight oh the
good old kid days but wait okay Sandra
gets back here yes oh sorry
Julianne Joey hey these two guys are
gonna impersonate you watch that was
spot-on on you guys
Wow all right we're going to return
these and play some pool to dilute
goodbye Margaret sweet game going here
guys back in a pool camera guys I like
that
I just branded Andrew be hungry Andrew
very hungry let's go to Jacuzzi first
but I'm hungry now let's just think like
you'll be hungry very soon I'm just try
use brain after jacuzzi we get very
hungry
just try and use brain try hey do you
now understand working
it's just got back from the jacuzzi is
really nice ten vlog bow it's okay yeah
if we're just flogging the cheese hey
guys yeah come on - guys we're trying to
decide where to go to dinner dinner
Applebee's or Buffalo Wild Wings let us
know like right now this we need to go I
say either one what's your favorite well
you know I hate making decisions all
right before we go we recorded DJ and
and recorded these high-quality sounds
of DJ talking saying funny things that
he might use for our prank do the other
one the first one stuck in here does
this sound like DJs in the closet yeah
DJ where are you yeah this little
speaker
thank goodness for buffalo lobbies so
yummy we're having happy hour in 10
minutes appetizers
three buckets with all this just arrived
take a look
all around
took a while
all right so DJ brought his bluetooth
speaker in here and we're having some
fun with it it's right here try to give
it a play I'm stuck in here
yeah this guy's being way too touchy
over here
oh yeah this is what I'm talking about
grilled chicken sandwich need DJ both
concealers
what is that social mango habanero
Wow
enjoy
so barely dj''q I like insane spicy
sauce on his sandwich mango habanero and
his mouth is on fire DJ says it's worse
than the extinction frog
it's good I'm gonna save this for later
what I can handle it
we're all done eating now how do you
feel yeah you can see us I don't feel
are you full you're chipping and chubby
no TJ is not okay I'm not really good on
camera
GJ is not okay need backup it look you
guys are filming myself
we forgot to film ending so here's the
ending thanks for watching guys and
we'll see you later and thanks for
hitting the like button - yeah bye DJ
