hello everybody today we are going to
the airport
because you already know what's up we're
picking up our friend and if you don't
know by the towel then you already know
who are picking up it probably says in
the vlog title so let's go to the
airport because he's supposed to be
arriving at like one of those are our
neighbors who were burping at this part
of Denver is very nice because it's very
open get a nice view of the mountains
ditchy and she sitting come back you
guys will soon understand what she means
there's the airports
they're building the hotel right there
is kinda cute
for free yeah yes
ma
I want to show you guys I want to show
you guys the sculpture outside the the
airport does I could creepy removal for
some reason so undecided be cool to make
this blue horse with like demon red eyes
don't know why I did that citizen school
just yes look we made it to be United
pickups
DJ Oh DJ over here
I don't see any wine
DJ were over here DJ hey guys I found DJ
he's right there man
DJ is it DJ over here what are you
waiting for Brown - if he's not here
we're just leaving and not picking him
up I've had it with this I know he's
doing this on purpose
yeah danger is gonna throw frisbee at
him this is gonna be hilarious
look there's Dickie
first tell us a little bit about
yourself
well my name is DJ and I knew Frank
videos it's due today
you don't know there's gonna be some
people like but definitely don't know
there's always people that I hope they
do if they watch the prank into this
video they will know you yeah
it's the ng you guys that I don't know
yeah nobody goes by digi by the way dead
sheep that's what you can call you dead
sheep it's gonna be here for a whole
week by the way you know so yeah they're
gonna get moving in on me again
yep we're a target I only I have the
men's but I need the women who preside
over the women's it's only 12 bucks well
it's like when I looked at it at a quick
glance I thought it was woman's at first
it was just
an accident it's okay getting some
essentials yeah Deji needs a lot of
essentials since she's gonna be here for
hurry sir I'm tired
we actually DJ I think almost moved in
with us we asked him to be our rig a
while ago yeah this is close like very
close we were considering it and then
like we were gonna have me Andrew DJ and
I sexy well wall without I didn't come
to the sexy that you're gonna see this
week what could have been the best ever
all right cute dough but now because DJ
was like literally dying for it the
second you mentioned it I was like
there's no way I'm not having it yeah I
can't pass up Qdoba right Andrew yeah
so we were very thankful DJ's had this
before because I know I can appreciate
it yes
always the best place to eat a guy's so
dangerous I got half chicken and half
steak so you get more meat when you do
that looks like DJ got some chips deep
DJ just want to get a bag for his chips
but he doesn't know
oh my gosh okay knock it look she
doesn't even see oh hey we're going back
to the apartment right yes oh yeah we
back from school it's time to go out and
Frank are you fellows ready that's
excitement right there man hopefully we
get enough footage because we have to
upload a wine stain today's Tuesday so
that's what I believe in team Andrew
good yeah all right
we just got one clip in King Soopers and
we had to leave because we felt like
security was gonna be on to us but
literally got the best clip like
possible I don't know it was so funny
but the guy didn't want to be in it
that's the only problem like even then
it happens that means we have to blur
out his face or something I know so now
I forgot a different place just get it
all over again oh well it was really
funny though it was really funny I know
right there you guys will see him the
prank we're talking about but Oh for
some reason just now I uploaded our vlog
to our main channel and we left it up
there for like 30 minutes so oh geez
right now we yeah where we just got home
we bops on the chicken let's get some of
these and we're gonna mix it with this
stuff oh wow it's gonna be really good
as you can see Andy's excited we got
some pizza three of them for our own
custo four for it because we're gonna
make some pizzas yep four
yep all right this is like the same
price as the to package in supers that's
a good deal right yes and DJ's over
there editing like a genius
well he's uploading guys go check out
his new video hurry
but he's proud of it not Andrew I say
yeah while we were in King Soopers we
found this amazing fruit take a look
you gotta admit this is the coolest
thing you have ever seen in your life
one of the coolest right yeah toss it to
DJ let's hold it no oh this thing hurts
it's actually really pokey people kept
calling it different things I don't know
what it's called yeah it's just the rare
like super fruit that turns you into
your Superman don't you think doesn't
that look like it'd be one of those
things you eat that's like changes your
life I call having a little bit of no
what are they somebody you found this is
anything hey DJ is very cute today you
got a good eye no unsuspecting my folks
we just finished dinner and we are going
to try the star fruit or whatever this
is whatever it is but before that DJ is
going to try some extinction sauce how
excited are you DJ I mean I'm pretty
good with like hot stuff but this is
ghost pepper am I gonna have an extinct
after this yeah
it has over 1 million Scoville units
Jesus a lot okay a little bit now time
for round 2 is one of those sauces worth
it's like a build-up and then once in
your mouth
it please know I'm definitely starting
to feel it now like please stop don't
know what to expect which I open this
way or these I don't know how I don't
know no I think you just let's just go
for it yeah okay that's not what I
expected is that is what I thought
Elliott this is like an alien I think if
you are you supposed to eat this like
where's the fruit part just those like a
bunch of seeds dig in folks
I don't know if I'm doing this right Oh
way to eat it it's like gooey diseases I
grew in it it's kind of like jello but
the seeds like yeah well as I mean it's
like seeds and jello eat some jello all
right guys we're tired and we're
probably gonna go to bed here soon it's
a long day of pranking a guest kind of
yes yeah and we're getting up to finish
the video because we have to upload
tomorrow but we hope you had a great
night and we'll see you tomorrow good
bye everybody
goodbye in yer goodbye everybody bye DJ
are you tired
can you know
