all right hello guys it's 10:30 p.m. yes
we didn't vlog today these guys guess we
did a lot today we did what do we do
first went to the skate park
let me played tennis then we put a
basketball that it took kept at the
airport he's going to be UK for one
month so he's not gonna be in for a
while and you'd think after all these
fun events we should have been vlogging
but we forgot camera like each time like
we went to play tennis outside so so
nice forgot when to the skate park
camera battery is charging it would have
been a good vlog with all that but as
you can see we got really sunburned ear
burned to my hair on camera but we've
just been burping at the neighbors
because we're bored they're being really
loud so burping Adam imagine what
they're figuring off their hearing this
alright oh do like it's loud as you can
I could I can always hear people and
they're walking outside around here like
just talking out here when we're inside
who are you coming thro apparently ice
cream if you eat ice cream it helps with
burps or milk I wish we could go right
up to their back window I finished
burping their house can you guys hear
never given those worth a try these guys
leave a comment on ideas you have that
we can prank them but there's always
having like a big party up there with
tons of them
yeah bunch of gangsters up there we can
do no bandits right now good afternoon
everybody it's the next day and we're
deciding to blog today since we told you
in this blog already that we kind of
forgot to so today we're right now we're
going to the play some tennis and we'll
film something before you guys Hey
what it's like yesterday was so really
nice out and now it's a bit cloudy still
not bad but I mean it's not cold it's
like perfect weather to hang outside I
think right oh also we're in Kev's car
right now cuz he's in the United Kingdom
and he said we could use his car so
we're just gonna drive down the road in
it it's cool oh wow okay now we got to
go rent tennis rackets we get in for
free with our card no no if I showed you
but look at my picture this footage now
watch this oh I really want to come here
too and watch a movie because they have
a movie nights under this that's plain
next week hopefully unless you guys yeah
you can make popcorn have friends it's
so cool
if we made a movie we could preview it
here
or just make a big compilation of our
all our pranks invite friends welcome to
the bag demons yeah we got our racket
yeah
yeah so that lady who works at the desk
is really strange yesterday our friend
Justin was working out and she got mad
at him cuz he was huffing and puffing
too loud in the gym that doesn't even
make sense huffing and puffing in the
gym come on later always grumpy at
everything really annoying his carts are
pretty nice I got a good view of just
society all right serve it up bro try
and film and do this
whoops sorry
all right serve it again hi
I mean Andy just played two games and
we're won and won he won one then I won
one it's kind of hard to film a game
probably boring anyway but yeah if we're
watching on TV it's fun to play with
friends house a good hit the tiebreaker
begins who's gonna win call in at one
800 and cast your vote vote for me text
number one vote for me text number two
Andrew won the last game and his fiancee
just showed up she's getting some lunch
for everybody and during the summer
we're gonna play some volleyball too cuz
I got sand pit volleyball and check out
the playground I don't know about you
guys but what am I yes but I want my
favorite things to do is playground D's
in the summer we used to always do that
me Jacob
Austin Andrew Colton so here it's a very
good playground he diggie died he died
key
put on the slide guys this is gonna be
the best need help there you're never
too big he playing the blade ground
let's just say that wow I'm having more
fun than you ha ha ha let's see your
jump bro what now boss shot it what's he
doing yelling at mark on his head like
Wiggly wobblers EMU good well heshes
assuming crap
we love the playground yes we do we love
the playground how about you Murray came
and she bought us sandwiches oh so nice
I'm seeing 10 minutes to get in the door
you liking your sandwich Andrew yes just
so much checking out what the new clash
of clans update is out guys we're not a
people play this game well I promised to
give Clan shada and vlog so hold about
that not quite sure what I'm filming you
oh it's just the name some of the people
that's it all right outside it we're at
like the perfect time outside because
it's not too cold not too high
this is perfect weather look at this
nice pan mood movie shot
reading over to the lake right now
beautiful out
da-da-da-dah Wow
ooh I know anything about a spring and
summer of the bugs and they all chill
out around here but look how pretty it
is this is why I love where we live
look she's so nice Mama and Papa goose
hey ya know
it rose ski get ya hear me ICJ joy yeah
watch me die okay bless you bless her
cool oh my love is read many things will
I seen each other how come kiss me
darling
Oh mmm Oh annoying you danger stay clear
I've got a nice view of the lake for me
he is fishing you promised
all right back from the cruise on our
boards and right now we're actually live
on yay go take a look Dave oh yeah evil
what is up let's see if we can read the
comments you guys are the bestest oh
thank you
hi hey Lorenzo hey Bennett 84 today hey
hey hey if you guys haven't followed us
on the AVO you're slacking come join the
party
the patio party I think it's time to end
the vlog by the way ah
and we're actually cooking food I saw a
comment saying you guys get out for
every meal no we don't we just don't
blog usually when we do yeah like what's
so exciting about this yeah like hey
guys I got a card yet Oh food sorry and
I'm making some like wings but yeah
usually I make like sort of pop
sandwiches well I'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a good rest you night
Rajani
first off there
we
if you Tommy
