hey guys so it's like 11 p.m. and this
Walmart closes like right now you're
here to get silly string for the new for
our new April Fool's practical joke
prank on Kevin we're gonna blast them
with pounds of silly string it's quick
to the toy aisle there's no one in here
yes we go here it is though you get one
I'll get one and the last hold me I hope
that's here
these are they've been excellence we
wanted to come here just to get to you
they have any smaller ones all right so
we have two cans each we're gonna unload
and not stop on keV Matt stop he's
sleeping right now as well so hopefully
when we get back he's still sleeping not
he'll be playing games so either way
will work well I also got a snack as
well hoping this is really funny if not
no it will be across okay the cannons
are ready majors just getting more GoPro
this is gonna be fun anything
Anders ready do things how's the
formation gonna do we're about to blast
Kevin
to
Kendall we just wanted we just want the
spring you stand there for like 30
seconds all right I literally pounds of
silly Sheree on cap says oh crap I'll
just wait until it stops and I you just
doesn't stop
smell tarawa had to move dude this is so
much yeah there's thought like another
half on my bed here you gotta clean up
no it's in your room oh my god Wow
sorry 8 april fool√≠s we have to you
were sleeping so we had I'm friggin 45
minutes oh it's over
I know ever underestimate our house I
was asleep
to resume anything here's the blob of
silly string so far yeah it's pretty big
looks like a big old meteorite any
impressions you said you don't spray
solutrean afros because that fur looks
perfectly fine to me and you're out dick
average in bits it is 11:23 here very
late but happy April Fool's everybody
we're not uploading any more ever
writing we're praying you two been
getting jobs as plumbers
this is serious guys yeah any other
things we're doing also we're getting a
cat yes
okay so this week we're gonna do the
extinction Channel
I see you zooming we got 2,000 likes oh
my gosh what happened somebody threw
something at me we got 2,000 over 2,000
likes on that last challenge and we said
if we did we would do the extinction
challenge so this week that's what's
happening which if you didn't watch the
other video it's a zombie Vegemite right
yeah that video but extinction challenge
is ghost pepper sauce and we're going to
eat that with chicken so Andrews very
excited we're about to make a new
gameplay tell about it
oh yeah basically we found this new game
on the PlayStation Store called dead
nation it's like zombies arcade style so
we're gonna play it so check out goo
squad gaming if you like watching gaming
videos by the way yeah it's gonna be fun
it's a public sorry alright we didn't
vlog much today we are out huh
we were out finishing our steering the
library prank so you'll see that
tomorrow as excited as me how excited
are you really exciting how excited are
you really sure you need a chest hair is
still beautiful right ice cream Oh mini
ice cream for dance this is how we
celebrate April Fool's ice cream
intruments nope what you don't have ice
cream do you Junior Mints up I could get
it - happy and the end of my dadgum
microwave microwave never do to you the
microwave is now broken alright so
how's the fuel they get be stood by your
own prank bad mom's regretting doing
okay feel against idiot okay anyways
thanks for watching I will see you guys
next time make a tomorrow and thanks to
the people who join the AVO today we
broadcasted live cooking dinner and
opening some fan mail which won't be in
the vlog wall I will be that next time
like not this fall okay bye
bye-bye
