ah hello guys um today is Sunday still
the weekend last day of spring break
okay but it's okay because right now I'm
going to Walmart there's a subway at
Walmart my sister just recently got
hired there and guess what because she
works there I get a two dollar and fifty
cent sandwich footlong for two dollars
and fifty cents with a drink so you know
sometimes it does help that your
siblings works some places especially
food places cuz cheap discounted food do
you know we're all about that
so let's buckle up and head on over
there back again and there we are sadly
at the red Walmart this is gonna be the
Elijah's the didn't don't didn't intent
in there she is
wow you're doing a great job
not express just getting nervous cuz I'm
filming her I'm filling my sandwich up
with tons of veggies
yeah no banana peppers sorry my life
apart that's it thank you bye bye
now the drinks are over here whoa it's
the secret lair no if I want to sit back
here all by myself
but time to get beverage all right
here's the final product Italian DMT
not too shabby yeah I really like this
subway just because of the location it
looks really cool you got a nice view of
the store here the sandwiches yeah all
right arrived back in the car now finish
eating I didn't really finish it but I
have some leftovers leftovers are
seriously like the best so it's always
good to have that but what I was
thinking is uh here maybe next week or
no this week since the video is going up
Monday since it is Monday mean Andrew
will probably go to like Walmart or King
Soopers or something probably Walmart
it's funner and we'll do a live stream
on yevo the app so I think that'll be
fun cuz usually when we're doing yay
Vosges we're just at our apartment it's
not too fun so we thought I thought like
why don't we just go to Walmart and
stuff so if you guys go and follow us on
yevo I'll spell for you ye VV o my user
name is Justin Stewart my name and
Andrews is Andrew sites we're gonna
broadcast probably maybe Monday evening
or Tuesday or something
we broadcast every week so it's really
fun so look forward to that as well
I'm not sure what else we got planned
for the rest of the day I think we're
gonna go see God's not dead I'm really
excited to see that
I saw son of god I love that movie my
camera battery's blinking so I don't
know if we'll have enough battery I
might have to charge and then the
Walking Dead is on today so oh my gosh
it's the season finale and I don't want
it to end I hate that we have to wait
six month or seven months or something
to wait to see the finished of the
season or the new season or whatever is
going on so it's annoying did any of do
any of you guys watch The Walking Dead
cuz I all men it's definitely my
favorite show so if you guys ever want
to talk about it you can tweet me cuz
I'm all about that also I think dogs can
teach you oh hey that's what sheesh
he always grabs his bowl yeah I think I
think dogs can teach us a valuable
lesson in life because you can literally
call them names be mean to them and
literally they don't care
watch Teddy you're chubby and dorky you
know how dorky you are you're just a big
goof
yeah you are are you gonna be mad at me
or what huh
you goof goof you were a dork you're
sick you're done just about to pull up
here at the moon you like parking up
here a secret entrance not too many
people park at the seat Brittany's here
oh there's Britney in the red car there
she lookin good we over here that
Dillard's well these are the best
hey that's kinda still funny but your
style Nick this is one of my favorite
stores in the mall actually Aladdin's
rug gallery literally all the best rugs
in there yeah we do sleep in there in
fact doll a special $100 she's half a
hundred dollars we should buy it
hmm for a new apartment so Jimmy's here
all this boards what's your favorite
board so far great
myself Canela or is that a far it looks
like a pardon me but it might just be a
design with the Chi in it yeah by moving
on here's the shop where we like to go
BC surf from sport that's where I've
gotten all my boards and stiff they have
a cool board here let me show ya
there's Britney's favorite board the
flower one alright so we just got our
boards ready to see them check it out
that's is so sick these are a globe back
got a sweet flower design on it cool
wheels and then I got a wood one sorry
all of them the white wheels so these
would be a blast to ride around the
summer so alright so just come back to
my house I have two boards in here now
my skateboard and then a little more
there's Britney so we just got to
practice a little more and get ready for
summer because these are gonna be a
blast
here's a better look at the boards
looking pretty sweet I know what are
your first thoughts of your first ever
experience boarding well I totally you
guys missed it I totally fell in the
parking lot on my butt but it's pretty
fun I just need to learn my pellets okay
it's 9:40 here at that parents house and
just got done watching The Walking Dead
I don't know what to say now
but here's Teddy and his peanut butter
it's always really funny when you get of
dogs peanut butter if only humans ate
peanut butter like that hey maybe that
could be a prank
in library okay I'm in the car now as
you can see it's really dark and I'm
just heading home I got an hour drive
ahead of me but I gotta get back up to
Denver start making more vids you know
use skip Laurie but
ah I guess I'll you'll I'll be at my
apartment here in a second since I have
to driving you don't you just have to
sit eat your phone or computer and watch
back home guys it's a new day
Kev's here but he's still a little sick
Andy's not here yet but yeah I guess
what in the vlog here thank you all for
watching hope you guys liked the
nonsense that happened in this vlog
we'll see you guys tomorrow ok you guys
have a very good day good bye
you
you
