hey guys how's going um still my parents
house for spring break
just chilling right now and I got my
hair cut because it was getting way too
long
it's no it's short again a NATO Andrews
snowboarding right now so that's why we
haven't we didn't vlog yesterday because
he's still snowboarding and he's still
gone so what's the height of a dog's
hello
what is that
Jos gonna be used up boo boo so today I
am going to check our P o box because as
some people have been tweeting me on
Twitter if you guys found Twitter you
can follow me at j stu studios uh that
they said some stuff so i gotta go check
and some people have been ordering
shirts so I have to go ship the shirts
out if you guys want me merch check the
description but yeah we shall we sell
shirts and bracelets and stuff so I
gotta get those out to you guys goodbye
punk goes punk goes 90's vol 2 just came
out or not just came out it's about to
come out but I have it and chunk no
captain chunk did a remix to all-star
it's so cool
I don't know I love that type of music
so it was pretty sick but we're here
we're at the post office ready to drop
off some packages jack up the map yeah
oh my goodness alright looks like we got
some one two three four five letters
guys oh wait tell Andrew gets here to
open them cuz it makes more sense if we
open them together you know so do that
in a couple days but alright and so now
it's time to go to Walmart because my
grandma gave me this like a little
coupon thing it's a there's like a new
axe out apparently save tour it says
save two dollars and fifty cents on any
hair gel and I ran out of hair gel so
this is good to 250 that's like two
drinks Walmart but I don't know why the
Walmart and bread all is being get it
right geez
it's kind of windy out here this the one
summer I'm getting pissed here it is
they got this new messy one I like the
new look they got going here
Wow Wow I just want to buy them all so
with my two dollar and 50 cent off
coupon this comes to about four dollars
and something this stuff's really good
too but 15 bucks
when you come to Walmart you can have
some fun
let's ride a skateboard
hello
hey I remember these this was in our
Toys R Us vlog we did a little while
back all these animals now they have
Smurfs during it usually when we come to
Walmart they have monopoly deal but they
don't guys get monopoly deals seriously
the funnest game ever maybe they're sold
out or some I also love coming to
Walmart because they have a lot of just
random stuff and I'm job it's fun to
just look for items that we could use
for our pranks like I found this ball
I'm just trying to think of somehow if
we can use this in a prank
I'm just stuff like that there's just so
much random goofy stuff here like what
is this
we need this oh my gosh silly string max
spray streamer holy beams okay so we
have a little extra footage from the
silly string pranks and I guess I
thought I'd show you guys the extra
stuff that didn't make it to the main
channel prank so here you go
who can zoom tight oh did it get it on
you yes
I'm so sorry sneeze I yeah yeah oh it's
just silly string not a real sneeze oh
my god yeah sorry it's on your arm
oh I am so sorry about that
yeah I'll leave because yes well
ouch
yeah oh shoot
you okay crap
yeah yeah no whoo sorry I'm a little
sick
what is that's my snot I don't want your
self yeah oh I think you could pull that
off for me boss yes yeah
I think there's that much really more to
vlog about besides I'm gonna eat dinner
soon
right mom mom yeah make sure you guys um
go follow me on Twitter if you guys
aren't do you guys have Twitter because
we mean Andrew use Twitter a lot my
usernames at j stu studios me and Andrew
reply to tweets a lot and I don't know
it's just a place where we it's easy to
chat with fans and stuff so if you have
Twitter go please make the step I just
got done actually broadcasting on the
AVO again
Yebo so if you're not following me on
there follow me on yo ye V V oh my god
sorry about that
I made a new vine by the way lets you
could watch it if you want when your
can't wake up I did you first comment
follow me second is better follow me hey
seriously yeah if you got any of these
cameras come follow me okay well yes
that's it guys maybe I'll see you later
hi I'm Jim Lampley Carlos Vegas
yeah I hear pretty good
Oh get your pants are pants on a girl
looking like a fool with your pants on
the ground go your mouth head turn
sideway Peggy grab our stuff
