hey guys so we are at the mall right now
at the Chapel Hills Mall right Andrew
right Justin what are we doing yes yeah
we're we're getting a silly-string prank
ready for Wednesday and guess who we ran
into
Sayla isn't that right she's been a fan
for a very long time I don't know how
long would you say what we have to say
about that Andrew what here give us a
holy yeah
so yeah we've been pranking and she's
been chilling with us watching us prank
so if you ever guys see us in public
feel free to say hello right right you
have some in your hair buddy oh how did
that happen what happen there but I get
it toast me they don't bite they're very
nice people yeah are you so nice
now if they go on the front I blast
myself somehow they follow she's already
a pro better recruit her
- turn it out cheese yeah I just get
excited when I see ice cream so that was
the problem
okay I don't know how I never thought
that was possible with the scrutinies
you should sponsor this yeah good she's
good as well we just can't escape our
concealed us back here Wow
I wish I could do that oh wow hey you
should come up oh are you blown mind my
mom spa shove this kid all right I'm
gonna try and do something cool but it
all fails
hey say hi Sawyer yeah do some cool run
yes yes 13 or 14 I believe okay we've
got the pro skaters here guys already
tips for beginners just keep on trying
practicing the grass like you hear space
go where we are at Andrew's house math
Aaron's house this is Andrews old room
as you can tell he put all these Broncos
up here it's not your dungeon this is I
made this room and cave this room didn't
used to be finished and then we put the
you know we boarded it all up everything
on it I painted the walls I remember
that during our old days
no one's understanding what I'm saying
right now aaron has metals here there
are all sorts of colors which I is good
oh we got the video game set up you're
very lucky to that Aaron cleaned up as
well
how many sighs have you have you had 14
different foods foods and drinks just
scattered throughout the house under the
couch we found like a fillet of fish not
really
we did find a rotting bowl of cereal not
fully you did have cereal on the table
and Aaron was nowhere to be found
it was just sawing away on this five
minutes by Edwards standard no body
he got these awards all my awards for
running are you trained so there's a
ball on there that's one right here this
is when I was coach for a soccer team
and I was all my players signed this
ball and gave it to me you know I have
five players no okay two three four five
no they got the whole thing a Big Bang
Theory what's wrong my Star Wars Lord of
the Rings Seinfeld nice right now we're
making some barbecue wings because why
not
I asked why is their microwave down here
cuz you can wrote things wonder why I
microwave
is this keys he's in heroes Amanda's
apartment Aaron just kidding to the
Guthrie all right say what you just said
to Andrew Mary got me for my birthday
a month ago and he's been sitting out
I'm dared to Andrew to eat one just try
just try any one you can't break it down
so crunchy like you're eating raw I just
don't like let vines to begin with
really why I like this I like this
strawberry twizzler strawberry whatever
it is
yeah it's strawberry okay sorry I got
too hungry and forgot to vlog but here
are the links I don't hear the wings
Andrew thankfully saved his how good are
they hmm
it's about a seven oh seven out of eight
so what are Applebee's means then or
buffalo outings probably ten ten okay
geez
what
right it's time to go to bed and then
get up and prank some more so but first
beachy leaves videogames
always come first it's all dude I'm so
sleepy too he's doing good though
really good
