hey what's up guys so we are back at the
apartment so it's Andrew and we have fan
mail so what better to open it right now
but I wanted to point out that when we
wanna check the fan mailbox this
happened I don't know what like
seriously the suitors like something got
shot and a pissed someone took a bite
out of the corner yeah like how does
this happen
and they put on here weave hair yeah
right
deer pulse customer seriously weekly
sincerely regret the damage to your mail
this better not happen again sorry
doesn't fix it yeah I just well than
that I hope it's not something too
insane because I'd feel really bad but
when open letters first oh that was very
nice you spot her her name wrong but
it's still cool videos boy a yes and you
puss marry equals forever you can hang
out here all day really warm inside my
name is Kelly and I am from Bloomington
Indiana I love you guys so much you're
funny that's all it's a long letter we
won't read it off because we're gonna
read it to ourselves but for us not for
you
Thank You Kelly this one is from Germany
oh look at that
supposed to host Ã¤j-- okay focus
I like the
from Michelle oh hello Justin Andrew I
love your videos they always make me
smile or laugh matter can I have an
autograph have you guys best regards
shell you ship thank you michelle has
nice handwriting Michelle this is the
coolest paper clip I've ever seen you've
ever seen
yeah hey it's a cross I just said that's
the coolest paper thing I've ever seen I
know but I'm saying hey it's a cross
did you a picture of a shirt hey that's
ours my favorite quote boy that's taller
smaller is that supposed to use me
little boy
Falls the middle of store Hawaii
shish-kebab melon hey Mel ah girl so
thanks just from Gregory from Ohio
almost drink hey guys my name is Bert
well actually it's Gregory but Bert's a
lot shorter anyway I want to tell you
guys I enjoy your pretty is those make
me crack up and hipsters say giggle
quite hard they'll do great work guys
peace you want to check out my youtube
channel it's called Bert Bernard
could I please get autographs the
stampin envelope is here is here and yes
you can yes bird vs is Ray Charles yes
you can't because it's Ray Charles
got a bigger box from Nick from
Washington it seems like cyanide candy
yeah we are so gonna eat these such as
candy as hamburgers coke
here at the end of this after we're
finished opening everything but have a
letter from Nikolas nice he spent time
to type it whoa you can read this out
loud if you want oh okay
hey Andrew Justin oh wait I'm a guy who
accidentally misspelled hotdogs with got
dogs and you guys said you wanted me to
send you some to try what got dogs are
are is gummy hotdogs gummi yep God dog I
also found some other healthy wholesome
foods for you not as good as veggie much
but at least it's something right yeah
although they are the got dogs Thank You
Nick we will be trying this moment here
okay now to open this it might be hard
but it's kind of bent really awkwardly
oh it didn't destroy it completely
my name is still intact yes police it
didn't destroy that much Dave return my
book with postage and it's still
protected there's something else what is
it what is that I feel so alive that's a
CD yeah yeah very nice letter from
Rebecca Thank You Rebecca and we will be
listening to that's this CD she sent us
yeah it's a new Christian band yeah
again I'm sorry about this I don't know
what happened but this is so good so
it's right here you'll never be I'm
still gonna be with us Abby has been
telling us that she's been sending this
box to us so it's better we've known
about this and it's finally arriving Wow
a letter whoa right when you open the
box I know you guys not lemonade now
other two so here a couple bottles my
favorite lemonade hope they're yummy of
themselves hopefully I'll see you guys
soon lemonade no ways
no it's clips Oh Calypso strawberry
lemonade
now I love lemonade this is the first
time any fan is sent us lemonade you are
the best I always talk about lemonade so
like this is a good day very good day is
one of the best invention and we will
drink any lemonade you send us guys by
the way or other cool please try a
triple knowing this was Abby's favorite
lemonade too so let's go let's try it
what does this look like Vince this
looks like some sort of ancient beverage
that a witch like you made in her cold
room time to try good wow that is really
good now time for our lunch what do you
have today we have soda with a hamburger
french fries and hot dogs so there's a
hot dog I have the green stuff I'm not
quite sure relish mustard and ketchup
okay
got me guys
right this guy's good I do like these
but then French nose boy time for a lean
quick meal you just had an appetizer DC
the handout go milord
yeah let me just say before we continue
that dream this lemonade with candy is
not a good mixture so I can same sweet
like drinking pure sugar but you got to
finish off a meal with a nice beverage
yeah I'm getting really thirsty so Sarah
zombie apocalypse going on
grab your goddess your machete we use we
put metal bb's and then shooting it
brains so yeah that was that's been
playing for about five minutes we were
confused on what's happening anyways
yeah so we just got done filming and
it's snowing out yeah I am very angry at
this why I don't like it that's cool
yesterday was sunny so you got to wear
shorts like 70 degrees today it's winter
out wear a hoodie I hate it it's cool I
get to wear all your clothes need the
Sun now but this restaurant there's an
open yet I don't think we just found it
it's called Dickey's Barbecue Pit you
know they're not open but it you want to
read the sign we will be opening
Wednesday tomorrow they're opening
tomorrow
we are so going here tomorrow alright it
is 3:30 and I have class at 3:45 and I
just made this law police and what's
with the thing of milk to go because I'm
bringing to the class
don't came with the teach stand I'm
hungry and bros are gonna be hanging out
here Kev's making an egg as you can see
a beautiful egg there beautiful eyes
making a sandwich I suppose yep making a
sandwich
yeah I'm gonna go to class I don't know
if angels gonna vlog but I'll see you
soon okay bye I'm back Wow
took me a second to get back here for
you guys anyways I think I'm going to
end the vlog here because I think it's
like already almost 10 minutes long but
uh yeah I just want to say thank you
again to anyone who sent us fan mail
we love opening it and that lemonade was
good the snacks all the letters I don't
know we really appreciate you guys so
glad you guys like watching the vlogs as
well new prank tomorrow
I might post a preview to it on our
Facebook page Facebook Inc facebook.com
slash j stu studios
so maybe hit it up tonight and you might
seem preemie for it never know goodbye
everybody
