hello it's a new day and guess who's
still on our porch it's really dark in
here and the lights stress hey he's
right in there what now we're all going
out to eat ready keV oh yeah go figure
we were gonna say we usually well we
don't do too many interesting things
while we're here usually we're just
chillin at our apartment so we only vlog
when we're doing something interesting
so you guys think we eat out a lot but
it technically we don't really we don't
Kevin does yeah Kevin does but we yeah
we usually blog us eating out because
that's something that's making food
which we should yeah yesterday we made a
teriyaki chicken we didn't vlog it
because well I know how does fun it's
like going somewhere and you ordering it
but yeah all right we're in the Cherry
Creek area as well which is a very I
guess you could say expensive area I
mean it looks expensive I don't know
it's just nice nice restaurants all
around there's always John Elway or
jello eight Oh Joe Joe Elway the famous
burgers he made that by himself no I
didn't make it he just put his name on
it yeah but here it is
I always drive by and when I try so
we're going to a relay and I remember
you guys saying something about like us
and our coupons but you don't understand
how much coupons can save you money I
have a coupon for $10 off appetizer only
you well Andrew does too
$10 off appetizer and then free
something a free like $12 entree so if
you don't look up coupons then that's
your problem
great Jeff didn't do any of that he's
just a black racist emo pants - this is
literally fine dining not cheap this
place is very nice by the way
because they're scared to actually watch
them the lady mentioned his shirt which
is really funny it's okay I think you
should get one of his shirts and wear it
to the race it's not really right there
look I'm just a bad guy of an idea what
we did to save money was went to their
website and they looks like they had a
rewards program so I checked it out and
they haven't happened so I downloaded
that app and look what it says up to ten
dollars off an appetizer so boom
barbecue chicken pizza for free and then
you can also sign up for their like
rewards or sign up for their email Club
and just for signing up you get
bruschetta Quattro with the purchase of
two entrees so if you go on like a date
you get a bruschetta Quattro or whatever
that is some sort of bread for free and
that's how you do that fellas
I just got Kevin a pizza and free free
bread has arrived looks pretty cool
nothing that's the at their bread chips
and then they have dessert sitting over
there just to antagonize us okay so we
got an appetizer of barbecue chicken
pizza and II give it a first bite
thoughts like immediate thoughts cheesy
shouting and crusty that is good
keV good oh yeah it is cheesy spicy they
didn't have ranch by the way but it's
this hospital okay I don't know purge
some parmesan alfredo said creamy
probably yeah our main meals have
arrived folks they did a good job by
those had arrived
time to eat sorry what that's ours as
harvesters but yeah we split it by the
way she thought my shirt was fine tell
us filling in have one little slice of
pizza thanks Bri oh the hostess her
voice very raspy on a container Andy has
to go home and get to bed because what
are you doing this weekend
we're in Washington DC so you're there
won't see you
yep you got a lot of work to do folks
he's filming I think yes can't see but
the guy behind us doesn't have his
lights on so I compete why is it not
focused please oh my gosh this guy's
mufflers falling off this damn camera
isn't
it bro your later off
picture come on it worked
all right we're back the apartment and
it is now time to work out because gotta
get that daily workout in but I'm not
gonna bring the camera because the
battery is blinking right now so gotta
charge it up
what is up my sleepy army it's me here
in this hotel room all by myself I would
say it's lonely but to be honest it's
not a hole king bed just for me Oh auto
white balance is funny you say oh okay
good lighting come on be here good
lighting oh wait why are you orange stop
that yes I just got done shooting all
day long dance competition so man I'm
tired got the 5 a.m. and now it's 10
p.m. and just getting back to the hotel
so actually I'm also kind of hungry so
uh think several ever has pizzas let's
go find out there it is 7-eleven yes
walking all by myself in the middle of
the night in the middle of Virginia
we're the crap am i walking away now yes
by the way if they did have pizza a
twofer
two slices for two bucks it's not bad
not bad i got a sub for tomorrow for
lunch so yeah you just hear we getting
pretty serious
it's virginia like sea level I feel like
I could run for hours upon miles
this whole hotels overrun app this whole
hotel is overrun by like bunch of
high-school soccer kids think they own
the place right other snacks we got
peanut butter crackers the gummy bar and
nuts
they probably one of the best things out
hotel he's done in recent ages a
refrigerator anime I'm gonna eat my bed
see it finally back home
I need nap bad let's go see who's home
oh hey you're vlogging I didn't know
that
oh good night I am driving down to my
parents house family and uh fiance it's
that time again and look at the road how
annoying is
just had nice weather and now you're
doing this
