hello ladies and gentleman Andrew and I
are back for another question and answer
and act out or whatever you guys tweet
us to do so let's go the darter it's
question our first question comes from
Rebecca act out Justin forgets how to
speak English excuse me sir oh sorry I'm
is here do you know where I can find
like the snake food Matt looks like what
I all that but either no I don't get
wise can you tell me where to find the
snake Kyle asks I dare you to sing a
love song to a wall in public then
propose to it okay L is for the way you
look at me Oh is even more than me will
you marry me please act out a walrus
playing a trumpet oh that was good all
right Carson ass pancakes or waffles
waffles waffles aundrea ass or she goes
Andrea Andrea aundrea scroll with an A
and her name is go to the curb or a
small cliff and act like you're jumping
off the grand cane make it dramatic so
let's go
David asks what really grinds your gears
Andrew well I need a minute to think
about this we've had minutes okay what
grinds my gear is when I'm driving i
turn my turn signal on I'm trying to get
over and someone won't let me over so I
just kind of nudge my way over and they
start blaring their horn well what
grinds my gears just I guess when people
tell me like what happens in a movie or
a TV show and I haven't seen yet or even
talk about it that really peeves me
right off Matthias says drink milk on to
a okay seyla Jenna new so allah SWA
salus law ask what will you guys do a
meet up in Colorado Springs plus well
justin jus Cherelle Cherelle it's so
funny when he does that sure yes we're
gonna do a meetup in Colorado Springs so
if you guys live in Colorado will do
meet up sometime if you don't live in
Colorado then maybe we'll schedule day
and you can drive down or something
we'll spend the day are we doing in
denver and spring so yeah but you must
bring your friends so we can all the
does the one requirement you have to
bring a friend hi ma'am would you like
to buy some girl scout cookies that I
don't know why i'll be coming p act like
you want to tell me cookies you know bad
those out for me why we got thin mints
timid okay give me some few mins i need
about 20 boxes of dollars man cuz my son
eaten thousands his name's the windows
why you asking at me
in anyways I would die some cookies in
my tummy a bouncer like some ice cream
101 it's good for you david says a
craziest thing that has ever happen to
you guys while pranking well this look
how cool I am you freaks at maltipoo
store says greatest freakout ever game
Russian what but I guys hope you like
that QA make sure to follow us on
Twitter when we do another Q&A our
usernames are right here and yeah thank
you for submitting and watching and
subscribing you guys are very good fans
Oh what else
oh well until okay this is the end of
wash soap all right this end the vlog so
we'll see you guys tomorrow
