hey guys welcome back to more juice -
we're not in frame oh darn it welcome
back hope you're having a blessed day
and excited to watch today's vlog yeah
cuz you know we're doing some exploring
today geocache mode I know we haven't
done some geocaching in a while it's
always so much fun and we're like where
have we not done geocaching yet so we're
here in Manitou Springs Colorado it's
like how'd you describe this area no
it's kind of a strange vibes hipster
hippy area but this is where we played
at those arcade games if you watch that
vlog but yeah but let's get out and see
what we can find
okay this town is very old and I feel
like there's got to be tons of geocache
here you just get out the app and check
also there's a comic book shop here so
you ask them if they have geocache
clothes for now guys why are you closed
I see kylo Ren No okay we're right here
we got one right there let's go where's
the start button and joy walk guys look
this was the first meeting place in 1887
right ah this is old Oh
we're very close to it guys I think it's
inside this building isn't where oh okay
I thought it was gonna be up to here but
not we also saw a really strange looking
door over here we're gonna explore in a
minute there's also people in here so
hopefully they're not thinking we're
spying on them somewhere in here it's
probably got to be up in like one of the
afters it's an extra song because we're
having trouble finding it so I'm
clicking on the hint and it's a scramble
small all toys tin first one and we're
already very used gosh this one's that
feature
it's extra small what your deliberate
search Kalon coming up
they did a fabulous job
really oh no way we were worried that
that is crazy they got the exact same
paint as it what - that is a good one
yeah about to give up I was like I know
this we kept looking at people's reviews
looking at pictures like where is this
thing yeah luckily some people didn't
post pictures so we kind of like saw
somebody post a picture near this areas
right yeah they did it right here all we
don't have a pen
oh man but wow we did I'm so proud we
didn't give up I know what's that quote
you did inspirational advice yeah this
is difficult
oh well yeah this was difficult oh well
just kept going oh that's how that stays
I was like it's magnets ah see all right
there Jane this is so good okay we're
professional geo boys guys what this
door we found
it's like on the back side of this
building very old-looking I'm not sure
what's back here oh I think it's blocked
by the rocks otherwise we could have
been able to get in here you can look
through there No
no there's no even look the doors right
there and this area is blocked off this
is just like underground zone it's a
mystery
it runs right alongside this lovely
river but I don't know why when they
built this right so why there's this
open space anyway okay now I have a
better view of it guys this would be
like a cooler area to just like if there
was like a huge storm or you just want a
place to hide out
whoa
all right on to the next place okay guys
we're on cache number two and I believe
it's up these stairs so be on the
lookout yes it's an extra small maybe
like in the middle yeah hmm you're
getting close okay someone's churching
whoa they're so lucky what they get to
do maintenance on the castle so lucky
did you find anything what mine says
this three feet from here it's around
here somewhere here's a hint someone
posted it's a picture of a grey rock
would you please find this rock well you
look at the picture where is this thing
I feel like that was a good spot it's
got to be in there hang her trying to
match up this picture of a rock or
something we see
hmmm searching if you like it has to be
right here someone but that's not what
Wow
is that a gray rock haha yes open it up
we got two pieces of paper they're a
little damp Oh me waters been getting in
here 2015 this is the old one yeah man
we've been doing good fine that's
Mullins yeah they've just been taking
forever but we found them okay put it
back this has been another small find we
did it
2012 I think it's been here so let's put
it back back he knows every tap yes I
knew it
all right so we want to give you guys a
little hint of what's gonna be coming
tomorrow for tomorrow's vlog oh you guys
have been asking for this video for such
a long time what else
literally you probably you probably can
find a comment asking us to do this and
every single one of our videos and we
haven't done one in a while
so we have a brand new one coming out
tomorrow we're gonna upload it at 2 p.m.
our time which is mountain time so come
back tomorrow if you got like a phone
set an alarm for 2 p.m. yes and then
you'll know run our way out and we found
another little door please please open
oh man it's got like hinges but one of
these days we have to find me we were
driving out of town and I saw that
there's a cache in this parking lot and
the hint is think of rain so that mean
yeah that's what I'm thinking too Uncle
Sam's pancake house
girlfriend think of rain think of rain
that mean looking
we might be on the wrong side of the
building
think of rain think of rain think of
rain I'm thinking of a train should we
go in and ask him for hints their
clothes though yeah but you said someone
was in there to say hey where's the
geocache yeah it's locked
please we need hints okay Andrew I have
spotted it I know where it is I want to
see if you can find it now
and you're going like this I found a
hives lots of beehives
where was you free
I think a brain I think of dream
haha you found it
outlet boxes yeah let's see what's in
this one yes a pencil Wow we're gonna
write a card you got it marble whose
card is this is this a discount card
test Uncle Sam's
Pizza and dave and buster's saw me and I
wish it was a gift card
okay let's sign this thing I think this
is a new booklet is this one oh another
one maybe got destroyed yeah cuz it only
has six entries this year alone so let's
write that name now
don't be surprised at that theme song is
suck your head think girlfriend
girlfriend when you think I think train
think of train we stopped at a local
park in my goodness caches everywhere
there's no way we're gonna be able to
find all these but that's cool let's get
rockin Rock Canyon open space in case
you're here in Colorado okay does that
fall just beautiful we've got a cool
little pond here it goes well let's get
him oh he's not too scared of me he just
wants to drink who remembers our Denver
vlogs and the geese attacks at our old
apartment wall there's also this
supercool area right up here that maybe
not too many people know about but
either way it's really cool it doesn't
see it seems like you're kind of on a
different planet check this out guys
whoa how cool is this
it's like embedded in the rock here
does this look like a weirdest land up
here I don't know what they did but cuz
this is kind of far back in the canyon I
don't know why they brought machinery
out here to just do this but intercept
there's geocache up here maybe I'm on
the edge any luck down there Andrew said
this one was a micro I didn't know what
that even MIT will I don't even know
what that meant but it's right over here
Andrew let's see if you can see it it's
a tiny little doodad
who's this it yeah what isn't that cool
it's so small just attached to this
little branch why that thing would be
impossible to sign what is that that's
the log book no way yeah what I'm
ripping it cuz it's all wet these are
the ones kind of like ones that are just
like you found it you don't write
anything yeah and you go boy wow that is
incredible is that like the smallest one
we found so far pretty small that one we
found in the woods was about this size
there's just hanging off a tree branch
but they made it blue cuz I may have
missed it if it wasn't yeah if it was
like grass colored yeah okay gonna take
a break from geocaching it's time for
some lunch we have a buy one get one
coupon here yay
smash burgers delicious would you get
this is a barbecue bacon burger thing
that looks good thanks
this is a spicy Baja wal got guac and
some other grace hopefully
thank you Lord for this food amen amen
is it good or what look good bye
yes this is like one of my all-time
favorite burgers or chicken burgers
okay hey guys we are back from the
geocache adventure yeah we found some
good ones this time yeah and
surprisingly when you go geocaching it's
not always quick because you gotta think
and you got a search it's not always
like wow there it is I think this is the
first time are we found every single one
oh you can give up on any that's true so
but in other news guys we also upload it
a new gameplay on our goofs quad gaming
channel with Kevin our old roommate
expert thief Kevin Lucia everybody
link in the description you gotta go
check it out it was epic and if you guys
didn't guess already tomorrow's video is
gonna be a 24 hour video so get hyped
get excited yeah tomorrow at 2 p.m.
mountain time oh yes we appreciate you
guys thanks for watching
jesus loves you have a great rest of
your day
