yeah without but out this time we just
got done filming actually a Walmart a
new prank should be out tomorrow yeah so
I think you guys gonna like this if you
guys liked our wide walking prank you're
gonna like this one I can guarantee it
it's very similar so be excited and
we're gonna do a yellow tomorrow as well
when we're uploading as usual as you so
make sure to tune in so getting a bit of
joining us for gave oh and I enter on
sonic bag safe happy hour apparently
yeah for two to four I guess what time
it is
and I have class at 3:45 so I got some
time to spare we also are gonna do they
let you might challenge in this vlog so
hope you guys are very excited because
we are - all right well let's go we
arrived in Sonic and this is the best
part about Sonic you just come here Park
don't even have to leave the car I love
this like this dollar menu right here as
well as some other items like french
toast eggs to be honest
you reckon happen here hi my food has
arrived
you got a breakfast burrito and of
course french toast sticks the best it's
always good to come during happy hour my
drink was only 84 cents
well push 10 didn't count down 2.2
tangent at data to tenten tenten another
this is my ice cream town I got it for
free by late because of the tech club
Yolo here's another fun fact about Sonic
happy hour comes with 99-cent mozzarella
sticks oh cool oh hey Justin's back from
school and have his friends sent him
some candies and stuff from Australia so
we're testing them out this one is
called giving it Vegemite fruit fruit
Chuck's
free Chuck's I don't know this is but
four to five teaspoons so yeah those she
said you didn't buy that yes I did
there's none left in it that's cuz I
drank it how much do so you didn't have
any milk how much should I put it in it
when I was like you need your own map
you're like I don't have anything it's
only that much dude today oh yeah yeah
yeah um this may be a problem you can
tilt it illegal straw doesn't work
is it well how does a straw dude this is
not a strong okay use it bullcrap that's
what it says the paper to do that now so
soggy
you can't drink maybe you're Australian
fans will tell you about it
what is up my sexy army I am why
what is up my sexy bro army just sat
down since you guys would ham on the
likes last video over 1200 know yeah
1200 yeah so I 1300 down Kevin has this
Vegemite says V B vitamins for Vitaly
vitality and I don't know one person who
said this is good just by itself so I'm
very hoping I don't throw up mmm how's
it really like it you only get like
chocolate mixed with gasoline keep it in
their mouth the longest we can try I
have a bad feeling about this
you're not supposed to eat this whole
though you're trying to eat it
3 2 1 go
oh dude there's like burning my mouth
yeah why is it on fire oh what is it
dude
okay stop now I would are you gonna stop
just install I mean I gotta stop I'm
frying my heart all right I'm let's roll
alright go yeah if it hits like the zoo
and like rubbing alcohol or waiting
we're gonna try it on
Brent like the normal way apparently
what were your first impressions of this
fine thing
I'm a mix I was expecting it to be gross
since it's not supposed to be eaten like
that kind of tasted disgusting yeah I
can still feel it on my tongue you mean
I'll wash it out hey we missed it in
with abaga we're gonna try it out ready
ready go
this just kinda it makes it taste like
this like a sushi restaurant meal on a
bagel I don't think I'd want to wake up
to breakfast with this every morning I
think we know what to make it better did
uh did it Xabi has returned now who's
ready for thirsty for more this wasabi
guys and this is the death wasabi so
this is the wasabi better make a channel
up or something like ready 3 2 1 go whoa
wow the whole body's got goose bumps
oh look a matter of her little spice
they just taste like crap yeah I can't
even taste a Vegemite in here
wait what losing brain cells oh I can
finish it I know I feel oh I lost my
appetite
oh yeah I don't know what happened I
kind of spittle a ranger this is the
worst day of my life but we have a
request if you guys want to see us do an
even a more insane challenge which is if
this vlog gets 1500 likes we will mix a
spoonful of Vegemite
was sabe so like half Vegemite half
wasabi so I'm gonna like mix it up that
sounds like insane bad like when we put
some new liquid called poo just the poo
spoon challenge the poo Spears let's see
you go ham on the like button I guess
and then we'll do it we can't do it
right now that's for sure we need two
days rest at least minimum what look
like a different person when I'm when I
wear my hat like this looks I have no
hair you know it's uh how's it gone
brows
well you look cool dad we don't know
what else to do right now so I think
we're going to end the vlog here as well
we might film another wild times with
the boys if you ever saw that first one
I know a lot of you of like that one so
we're going to do another one and we'll
probably upload it tomorrow so yeah I
hope you liked today's challenge in so
until our next video I'll see you guys
when we see you guys back my world is
way
