hello everybody
so we can and taking Hannah my sister to
see her friend and then I'm going to
hang off Britney we're getting our rings
purchased today so I'll take you along
with us and yeah but Hannah if you have
anything to say know that the people
that the viewers haven't seen you in a
while
for the blog
do you guys think Hannah should be in a
prank with us someday do you want to be
in a break with us yeah yes let it let
us know in the comments if you want
unity being a prank yeah right now I am
so stoked though because the weather is
amazing today check it out the blue
Scotland oh why do I keep hitting
potholes Road alright guys just shut up
to Andrews parents house this is where
me and him both both used to live these
two houses so many memories in this
neighborhood oh look at this just
beautiful breakfast made by Erin sight
Buddy Rogers
we're editing right now I'm driving to
go pick up Britney and look at this
house it's blue like I don't know what
to think of that
what an intro that was she said nine man
have you ever had a better entrance to
that I've never had a better you're
welcome haha yeah me and Brittany have
been out dealing with wedding stuff oh I
started getting our rings paid for your
ring yep Kumari she so she's getting a
band on her ring right there and then I
have my ring that she's paying for and
yeah they'll be ready by the wedding
which is August 16 yeah
for anyone who cares hey hey Alice go to
the venue alright alright here we are
here's where the reception is gonna be
so hopefully all the trees will be
pretty just like you the night but yeah
it's like outdoors it'll be still fun
wow this is gonna be awesome
the light it's huge - so off tonnes area
room for people Wow hello my good
we could have horses running in the
galloping in the background yeah we
could like write it like course that
here's the eating area very nice like
this piano it's like old style I love
the sitting areas how like secluded they
are for some reason it's like a big
teenage girl slumber party on the
balcony I'm no extending on the ledge I
don't know what they're doing down there
but just thought it was interesting oh
my gosh Becky so fun
oh wow I just love it out right now look
how pretty it is will you be skipping
back okay yeah it looks fantastic out
right now but here's the place to get
bull buzz if you want to know coffee
zone coffee and ice cream
all right we're sitting right in front
of the bathroom this isn't this lovely
and here it is folks so a boba has all
these weird balls on in the drink for
some reason they're really interesting
that's why you need like that's why they
give you a big straw because like
there's these things in there all right
it's a different day now folks and me
and the Brittney who's gonna save the
wife but here not the wife yet not yet
we're going to a photoshoot she does
photography if you didn't already know
yeah so she has a photo shoot we're
going to and yeah okay we're here we're
here
yay so it's very cold out I don't want
to go outside
Destin's listening to really gross music
isn't it gross okay
it is pretty right I got I got that oh
it's a rose yeah men right my photo
shoot guests have arrived
oh my god and the function s began
pretty pretty out here oh wow
Wow look how cute yeah guys this is a
Garden of the Gods uh me and Andrew and
brynee and Mary or whoever will take you
guys here sometime we got to take you to
this beautiful place God's creation we
can climb the rocks and have lunch and
have a picnic together I'm a real-life
cowboy now folks here's my steed then
put my gold my axes my cowboy stuff in
there
here's my ride into town and all my
construction stuff for the farm it's my
favorite place okay I don't know what
I'm doing I'm sorry I'm being the
behind-the-scenes photographer as well
here doing a really good job we
definitely made it to the farm folks
that put hey guys I found the chickens
how's it going bros how's it going bros
there's a lot of you in here oh hey guys
it's me and the chickens how's it going
you want this hard gag I'll let you guys
it's a heart for you almost done with
the photo shoot yo they're up there
finishing it up there we are nice I
found the Ducks y'all hey guys want some
love
please don't swim ducks I just want to
be friends hey please please this is
like duck city though be honest but if
you guys haven't yet check out my
fiancees photography page I'll leave a
link in the description she posts photos
all the time they're amazing so check
them out it's really good stuff and I'm
sure the photos from this photo
adventure will be up on her page soon so
go show some support guys and Britney
how do you think he the photo shoot went
oh so
I'm really excited yeah and it's kind of
cold out now so I think we're gonna go
to Red Robin Oh get some food looks so
white right now
holy beads look white yeah like if you
are when I'm white but like I look white
why the color white
another style to drive of driving by
Justin keys to Studios gangster yeah why
am i so white but it makes my eyes bluer
huh her lips are really red hey I'm
gonna bring I'm gonna bring this in and
put on grandma's shoulder and see if she
notices when you're talking to nice red
Robins pretty good this is like
Britney's favorite right oh I love it
all right we're in Red Robin and the
food has arrived
yeah I'm here with the fam grandma Oh
dad and mother I got a telephonic ploy
rockball bacon these drinks are so good
by the way who cares about looks girly
this will be gone in one second yeah
goodbye
okay oh you get the strawberries alright
guys I am done hanging out with Brittany
usually every Sunday we watched the
walking dead with her family so that's
always fun we did that and now it's the
end of the weekend and I'm checking our
PL box at the moment this place is
closed but fun weekend that's for sure I
always love coming down and hanging
during the weekend so it's always good
yeah guys I think I'll end the vlog here
we will be back tomorrow oh my gosh our
last vlog though got like over a
thousand likes and that never happened
so me and you are gonna do the Vegemite
challenge I'm glad you guys went ham on
the like button on the our last one like
crazy I guess we'll see you all tomorrow
hope you had a good weekend too and yeah
goodbye I feel like I'm like the last
person on earth out here like look
not a soul anywhere
Oh
