coming from you live from the hoi a news
team your head anchor Todd topaz with
your co-anchor Buddy Rogers science with
you peroxide sports with Carol sperits
your weather with Timothy you burdens
your news photographer Vicky eight meter
lens your desk assistant Martin Cooper
the finance report with Larry moony-side
your field reporter Travis Bunder your
janitor Allen bleach your
photojournalist Douglas cannon Ike in
and finally our morning traffic report
with Wayne crash hello welcome back to
hoi a news team I'm your host Todd topaz
imagine getting up in the morning and
going to get a nice cup of coffee your
factor turns on outcomes the news
today's headline McDonald's has been
cooking their burgers with soil and
rocks people have been losing their
teeth and having to go to the dentist
for a full story head to our website
which is under construction right now at
www.koozai.com Kerr Betty Rogers Thank
You Todd now to continue the news story
about the young boy who thought the park
today now what is so inspiring about the
story might ask well the interesting
thing is that he got up with no cuts or
bruises on him now this is inspiring
because we can all learn from this
experience if you get pushed down by a
mean bully at the party just stand up
now back to you Todd thanks for that
report buddy breaking news just in we
found the spaceship
now on to our regular news a man falls
into a pothole and we have no idea where
he is
somehow he disappeared but we have
reporters live on the scene to keep us
up-to-date with a minute two minutes
updates now on to our weather with that
that the weather is awesome right now
let's hear it from you
how's it going today folks today the
weather forecast we have a high of one
degree so it's gonna be a bit nippy
outside so I suggest you get your
jackets also beware of the potholes yeah
I saw the snow out there it's cold you
did us you did so that is why I that is
why I suggest that you get your jackets
and put a mom's gonna be a cold one
today folks thanks now Todd now a quick
word from our sponsors
you can have a great beef dinner in no
time at all
well almost no time at all beef it's
what's for dinner thank you for watching
HOA EA news today and we'll see you back
tomorrow at 9:00
