hello guys so today Andrew bought this
Cola we're going to put it in Kev's
toilet so he gets confused once he
flushes it yeah it's good and hopefully
we'll get his reaction maybe I'll be
pissed confused we don't know but
probably think someone took a big deuce
in there if I had do it he'll be very
confused when she pushes toilet
I just trusted again it was like super
like dark I didn't give you that so I
just peed you know that P no like before
like I just peed and then I flushed it
like and I looked and it was like super
dark brown like somebody took a crap Hey
I was like what the heck I flush it
again and that was like orange and I
fleshy good enough looks like I peed the
hanja toilet maybe you just kind of
backed up the sewer lines
alright guys are filming a new skit now
because we've had an idea for a while we
have the lights set up this is gonna be
a good one so yeah I will film all our
different characters were gonna be we
have a ton of different outfits and such
yeah this is danger the sports guy
sports with me howdy
i am the morning traffic reporter
dangerous fixing the green wall nice we
have a list of tons of things we want
hey guys it's me i'm the photojournalist
my name is douglas kenan Daikin so and
this is uh who are you King Kurt Thomas
what do you do hey I'm like the only
lady in this skit let's go say hi to
Kevin oh yeah I look good Andrews the
weatherman we've gone to like so many
costumes I'm so glad we went to the what
was it like a goodwill I was like the
cheap the Salvation Army yeah
thrift store like look we have all that
one two three four five six we probably
like seven plus wigs so DC's bullying
hey everybody I just want to let you
guys know that I'm going on tour here
soon and
I thought if all you guys could come to
my concerts
I'm sure want to come just make sure you
put through me I'll take care of
everything guys I'll be selling merch
and stuff so that you can order on my
website which I am also developing so
all right now we're filming the news
portion of it Andrew keeps messing it
but it's okay ready action Thank You
Todd now to continue our news story on
the young boy who fell Deepak what is so
inspiring about the story you might ask
ah like the news story about the young
boy who felt the park today now what is
so inspiring about the story might ask
well the interesting thing is that he
got up with no cuts or bruises on him
now this is inspiring laughing now this
is inspiring because we could all learn
from this experience if you get pushed
down by mean bully at the pop you just
stand up now back to you Todd those I
think you should now like okay we just
finished filming it I probably up
tomorrow hopefully for skit Saturdays
right
yes all right guys we're King Soopers
and we want to get a really weird
product that we'd never heard of or
tried before and try for you guys like a
challenge so we're trying to find it
right now
a section literally has the worst of all
the foods minced clams oysters
ah pigs feet caviola
this just makes me want to throw a lot
like liver paint
I don't even have this this is important
on the Israel yeah what is it
gel fill it Jeff Leake fish is produced
from the finest ingredients precious
fish yeah right
all right we're back in the car and we
got some really weird things we'll show
you at the house
yeah well show you the house but when we
were walking up to King Soopers this
suspicious guy was like running behind
us he's a you guys want some weed and
then like disappeared so you're just
like hopping around like a kangaroo so
he was a week there's some really weird
people
every time I King Soopers I've had like
people come out to me all the time a guy
pulls up in like one time I was driving
this guy in a black leg truck was like
hey man do you want to buy a home sound
system from the back of my car I'm like
dude no so thank you move to me uh he
had a car full of computers in the back
said I got max windows there's some
weird people in Denver we're gonna go
home and try this challenge for you guys
it's the most random weird challenge
ever but whatever we invented ourselves
yep now I'm gonna get a quick snack at
chick-fil-a
we're at the chick-fil-a drive-thru
here's a fun thing you do whenever you
go to the drive-through just to be
really big goof why my name is olena
Mather me yes
um we are back at the apartment we have
sat down with the items we got I guess
you can call this the Asian challenge
kind of right right it's not really have
a lot of Asian I've shown the first item
the first time we have on please meal
shiitake mushroom you know next we have
was sabe let's take a look and see what
looks like looks like we taste Hey
toothpaste prepared in a tube we got
some wasabi we'll have to put a circle
around the mushroom we got these cool
drinks this is actually good so I've
ever had this before
they're like ramune you'll see we'll
show you guys how you open them and
everything it's super cool so see
there's a marble right in here so what
that yeah then what man I can feel it
meeting like kinda maybe there's just a
little lover II read the direction I
just want to drink it oh wow oh gosh god
I can't look this either like there's a
marble in there no it's not meant to be
insane hard I think you like this does
that really hurt is that you push with
your palm like this oh that's what we're
doing it better feels a little colder
put these in the freezer boss the
freezer
ha ha all right there's the line with
the mushroom this is bad I ready to one
pill
whoa that will almost destroy my nose
like my brain almost exploded y'all okay
Neal they're hurt gosh hmm
my stomach is no blow-up Wow around to
do it's like a suit if you die Danielle
oh my god what you're saying but we put
really way too much money
dude this is like official wasabi how
how did that one guy eat the whole thing
you're gonna try this crappy-looking
thing looks like a poo ship yeah it does
all right well kinda seems like nature I
feel like I'd receding tree bark Mike
sweating all over the places that wasabi
blew my mind the aftertaste it
definitely is a clue okay so this is how
much you're putting on but hey you three
two one wait for it Wow okay
I is it so spicy what is wasabi
horse-rider
I thought and this is exactly why I want
the chick-fil-a after snack like
especially after that crap do you want
the wasabi sure give Mesabi I'm getting
it just chew it around this is the first
time I've had wasabi my dad always told
me to try it no yeah okay all right wait
was it around by yeah just biting oh
dear no you're eating that fast how cuz
I don't want to have in my mouth a burn
literally crying so what is work this
that is worse
really that's worse wasabi is just hot
that's just taste absolutely terrible
bye guys well Kevin got this and he said
we could try so well next vlog like this
blog and we might try if you like this
vlog and we'll do part 2 of Vegemite
featuring Kevin no I think we're gonna
end the vlog here
I was very interesting we're editing a
skit right now actually um Saturday so
be on the lookout for that on this
channel and uh yeah anything else to say
I was happy was hot yeah thought it was
hot but we'll see you Monday hope you
all have a great rest your weekend and
yeah goodbye
Oh
don't you join
they all know
