hello hello folks it's a new day and
we're going out filming but just got to
get some food and your needs and me too
yeah heaven already ate one nice eye
shape today at today me and Andrew but
um some squeaker toys so we're trying
out this new prank idea but we need tape
now know if you go to a store now
well another day another stop at King
Soopers you guys yay we got to stop here
to get things super now we're stopping
here to get tape and some beverages cuz
we're thirsty but this isn't our almost
you see person so I'm trying to sing
this is the nicer King Soopers we've
filmed here before but fitting dress
he's okay I'm getting eliminated I'm
gonna water squeezed like those are good
too there's the tape I don't know if I
want the app or the regular tape ah
yes Minnie
holy crap nightlight
yeah we bought this dog toy and had the
employee at the counter cut it open and
take out the squeakers squeaks this is
what they sound like I won't worry yeah
I wanted to show you guys oh I wanted to
show you guys how to make a wing out of
duct tape or so you take tape like that
Oh oops
please put tape in your fingers like
that and then be like the at you can fly
I promise look who we found it's uncle
John from uncheck well whatever it's
called Jack Vale I doubt he's watching
this but it looks just like him yeah can
you see him yeah I don't want to laugh
because I'll shake the camera but it's
really funny oh good John Uncle John I
hate her look who we found it's Uncle
John from unship well whatever it's
called Jack mail I doubt he's watching
this but it looks just like him can you
see you yeah I don't want to laugh
because I'll shake the camera but it's
really funny oh good John
Uncle John I hate her it is them yeah
all right we got to our location we've
been running because we had to park far
away for free parking
but huh Community College of Denver this
place is always the best to film
thousands of college students we got to
be quick too because I have classes here
in like an hour and a half or something
so yeah and here's the library we
usually always come to Frank at it's
very big this whole building so
hopefully we get some good clips right
Andy right it's already ton of kids out
here we could probably prank
library first all right
surrender librarian we just set up the
tape shoes it looks so dumb
so it's hopefully gonna squeak it making
all right
time to pray oh oh yes coming
Oh poo
I brought the camera to vlog but this is
in the way
now just fall behind him
hurry I'm going it's like a blockade ah
cars get out to debate I tried to go oh
oh my path rust no more traffic any more
clear path yeah
I'm really late for school by the way
we just got done feeling partially maybe
yeah we only fund a little bit because
Dave over here us to go to school but ah
that freak he didn't get all hey come on
babe Oh pass trap we got a pass
Oh pray for whoever they're driving to
right now is a faucet concerned segment
of the vlog so
what did you think of the prank we did
Andrew I thought it was pretty funny I'm
hoping other people think is funny to
you yeah I thought it was funny we just
you know that I think we need more clips
ah yes we need more clips I just oh
maybe we'll go to the store tonight to
get more clips yeah maybe we'll see
we'll figure it out don't worry the
teachers gonna be so pissed at me
because I'm late
what is your teacher saying really she's
gonna say oh my gosh that is so
insulting she's like if you show up late
miss warmups
you don't do that I can't talk in a
Russian accent because she's Russian you
show up late to me that's he insulting
now you're going I know you are
insulting to me by the way in this
teacher in my class you know how we end
every block vlog with a it's because of
her
she's the acting teacher at her school
and she always does that when people are
acting she's watching them and like
pretending like she's them so she's
saying I wish I could film her you
should you should take camera in a class
okay
hey all right I just arrived at school
and I'm a bit late but here it is it's
just a building doesn't even look like a
school you know Oh see son I want to
stop now cease slow source seesaw to
force sauce saucy eight thousand three
thousand missiles through the thick okay
stop
see I was glean I hope you guys like
that
she's pretty funny and awesome right
right now I'm eating some pork I cooked
up with some chips and injures playing
some Kalla duty well well just ones at
school guess what I did ha ha ha yeah I
baked a really yummy looking cake lemon
to be exact it's just so annoying
sometimes baking cakes because if you
don't spray the pan all the way
completely covered with this stuff
sometimes it falls apart when you take
out of the pan which happened you can
tell it kind of looks like a earthquake
happened in the middle of it but I
promise it'll still taste good
all right guys we're trying to perfect
this squeaky prank so we're getting a
dress old crappy shoes and cutting the
soles out of the bottom yeah it's kind
of hard but because then it's much
easier and you can't really see the
squeaker we'll put like our bare feet
and put the squeaker on our foot in our
sock same effect but you can't see it so
people be confused and funny if we
finish the soles
mines completely different than injured
but I got the whole thing out he just
did part of it which is
probably a better idea looks so weird
it's perfect you have a big lump if it
fits perfect all right now walk around
up it so you got both shoes on now and
then do you notice something strange
about this one foot looks completely
normal
yeah the one I did this will have some
kind of frog face I don't know if we're
gonna be able to fix it I know it's like
good at least this one stays in place
I fixed the bottom of the shoe guys
fixed it with the cardboard slab there
and there keep my foot in place we got
to go out tomorrow on film hopefully
we'll get some very good clips because
we need the good clips for this to be a
very good video so you guys will see
this guys we went out and got more clips
so I think we have a video ready for you
but we're gonna have to upload it
tomorrow Thursday absolutely but I think
you'll like it I'm sure you probably
already laughed it liked the idea so
stay tuned and it'll be here tomorrow
and tomorrow we will show a preview
before the video goes up on yevo okay
Gav oh yeah so if you can follow us on
yevo which is that app right there
that's how you spell it ye VV oh you'll
get to see a preview before it's up so
thanks guys for like I feel like our
views on the vlogs have been going up so
thanks for watching and hitting that
like button it really shows us you like
what we do so thank you
Dru's happy to families guys we'll see
you tomorrow goodbye
 your back
and bro
workin
