alright guys so the these idiots have a
shot-caller for some reason they using
the video like a long time ago they're
trying to get me alright guys so the
these idiots have a shot-caller for some
reason that using a video like a long
time ago they're trying to get me to put
it on my arm and try it I don't know if
I should though you guys are probably
please doing it ok fine I'll do it right
so this is like his first time just you
just change it
yeah I don't know about this because
you're not gonna do have all the six it
was on level three and they can't decide
to change it all the way up so what I
mean it can't be as strong as a Taser
and people can take those right yeah
alright we fixed the problem
now it is up to seven
so would it be impossible to talk to
people with ya know what right I'm
scared oh hey guys it's the weekend then
it's nighttime and I'm hanging with
Brittany we're going to scared me I know
trash can so we're going to Starbucks so
we better turn these lights off oh
that's while Brittany and I both have
Starbucks gift cards so we're going to
get some Starbucks and it is 9:50 Oh
actually not really I think it's 8:50
because I don't check what time it
actually is oh it's 9:00 Oh
yep I'm lazy like that I'm probably
gonna get a Frappuccino it's gonna call
that back here so I have this page
always open up on my phone 35 secret
Starbucks drinks that you didn't know
you can order this is where I've been
getting frappuccinos I like show the
ladies who work there these and then
they make them I've already gotten two
of them Nutella Frappuccino let me find
the one
yeah I got this one once mint chocolate
chip Frappuccino that one's very good
and then I also got this one Oreo
Frappuccino that's what I'll probably
get again because it's so good and if
they don't know how to make it even has
an instruction so like they have no
reason not to make these yeah I learned
that the hard way you need to definitely
tell them what's the like what the
recipe is
so just the name cuz
if you just tell them the name I'll just
try and make what they think it is yeah
you won't get your drink I'll leave a
link in the description if you guys want
to check out this site and go for
yourselves you're welcome hi can you
make Oreo frappuccinos recipe that's not
like a standard drink so I'm actually
not totally sure what goes in that
thanks boss AHA look how good it looks
Oreo Frappuccino never would have
thought Starbucks could do that it what
you get again I got Java chip huh that's
what you got last time I said my finger
right in the core area looks chocolatey
if your chocolate looks better guys mine
or hers the way that's the same uh-huh
look on camera
okay well girls my Oh mine has step
could be a proven bottom but as
chocolate any in chocolate and chocolate
what about that warrior life time to go
back home and watch TV
yeah
what are we listening to your mommy me
see ya
where are Britney's house now my camera
battery battery's about to die
oh yeah right but yeah this is a living
room yeah I like better if I went up to
my grandma I was like hey be honest take
a picture
I knew she big all right guys back in
the car and Wow am i dark
I've been driving on the highway and
some being safe don't worry on the road
eyes on the road I'm the only person on
the road and I am a flying flamingo what
am i doing I don't know cuz it's 11:30
and a bird but I'm listening to Toulouse
and trying to be fun
yeah going about I have it on cruise
control lamb it's fantastic
gives me chills down my
everybody
alright guys just got back home I'm very
tired because it is 12:30 and I still
have to clean up because this was from
Valentine's Day I made a big mess with
flowers for my fiance what also was like
lame while I went down to the springs I
live an hour from where my parents house
is I went down there and forgot to turn
off my xbox so it's been on for like two
full straight days I just turned off and
luckily it wasn't even hot at all so I'm
like yes yeah now I guess it's time for
shower and bedtime so I guess I'll see
you in the morning which will be right
now oh whoa I'm wearing different
clothes and it's light out but yeah all
right guys yep I just got back home from
school and it's time for lunch
is it's 11 o'clock and Andrews coming
home right now as well so I guess I'm
just waiting for him cuz we might go out
and prank today and yeah here he is here
he is back from the doom but dude I
don't know but I'm making food oh you
are here take the camera man haven't
showered today huh just got back from
Portland for a film job early morning
today folks just stuck to my clothes
I'm preached this is a cool picture I
just saw oh I figured you just did oh oh
well this picture we got who's it from
Elena
she made a cool collage here she says
it's have all of our famous pranks so
let's see here
Instagram prey smoking pretzels do you
guys know that water buffalo hate water
that's from the zoos bad referee yeah
I'm grateful for you fish sandwich aging
slipping plunging iPod shuffle holy cow
there's like all the best pranks on here
we're angels
it's not be shocking conversation it's
funny business man that's a cool picture
I like that one yeah Thank You Elena for
that serious oh you don't sound right
that holiday
oh sorry huh whoa oh geez all right this
car - OH
Google how are you well that was a
crappy and shoot yeah that's sick this
is like she's been like so much time
doing all that I feel like yeah I'm sure
she did
memories galore that was disgusting all
right my fiance got me this by the way
FuelBand ah
oh yeah there's another letter from
manager got doughnuts by the way shown
the other letter yeah this is Osama fits
for cab to this yeah bro you found this
through Kevin cuz Kevin mucci likes
Kevin so
yeah get out here you stinky stinky bad
pieces what does that give me that I
mean Andrew are gonna try a new orange
donut whatever he said this is yeah I
don't need the green one which is by far
the favorite oh yeah I grape is good but
this looks pretty good and actually we
are broadcasting live right now we have
a hundred twelve Watchers let's say
hello someone says hello Andrew
hello Amanda watching from the Wales in
the UK that is crazy guys I'm showing
you see what I can see whoa if you guys
follow me and Andrew on the AVO I think
we've already said this before but we go
live a lot and have a good diamond we
could Jack so let's try three four nine
go whoa
I just want to eat the orange powder I'm
all blurry of myself whoa what is this
this is just orange yeah this was all
like orange something holy flavor good
this is Andrew oh he told me how when he
got here this doughnut is his fifth
doughnut today you say that with a
straight face because you know you're
lying
alright we just got done with the live
broadcast it was very fun Wow
there is a tale of a young man who
travelled miles to go
his true was so for every cycle only him
can survive the stench his name design
her sighs I'm writing this like I was in
class in college though I skipped that
screen pass but it worked out Fitness
quickness on that ten son quick-draw
handgun
you ain't fly like bang one I'm big man
Magnum thanks um I'm throwing it weren't
your drum I'm owning it my flows are
secret but it's time I start exposing it
it's all getting controlling it me
crying consoling it do I think they like
me like on facebook when I post
I thought you knew you did it well get a
clue I'm past noon
baby blue number wonderful toe tools
it's Matt back like hi perhaps and ain't
you like
