your your yo what up yo yo what up this
is getting really cool in here the
lights are very shiny also my favorite
thing about Christmas is the lights
hey what's up guys hey what's up guys so
today we're going to I know
oh hey we're going to Denny's so what I
went to Denny's with friends and we'll
bring you along smack smack cam Kevin
heavy bears coming with us to Denny's
terrible throw really really for a very
party mate we're very very very very
late snowing snowing snowing stayin seen
snowing yeah it is yeah good make it
some Swinton's
hey Gibson here we are eight days cuz
you can't see the end those finances
just as dates that's hilarious Andrew
hey
the way you were gonna be lately
dangerous spit all over the table with
the hang pretty empty I know by the way
viral boy chokes on water and baby you
have water all over you look who decided
to show our food has arrived folks our
my food has arrived well everyone in but
yours hey but you just got here but I
would like to personally thank Kevin for
follow me on instagram because because
of that I have like 10 of his fans
following me each day so thank you
you're welcome Seth dan Rach let's look
me up on Instagram yeah I just need a
forehead I need to borrow your underwear
just kidding what I have to borrow your
underwear or pray what I'm it's not for
a prank Evan why would you need my
underwear you can just buy your own cuz
they're unique do you even know what
they are
no I do hope now
for this specific prank we have to be
like hey we have I sexist underwear
right here why would I
they're military where there's words the
catch fun oh excuse me do you know if
there's any products in here that get
rid of your kids yeah yeah cuz I'm just
looking for this year gets two products
you don't know
oh man cuz yeah I need the act
excuse me
okay so we're back at the apartment it's
a different day because we forgot to
finish the vlog and there's Andrew who
and yours doing tons of homework you I'm
doing homework and gaming at the same
time hey get on my level yeah
you're not playing though what are you
guys up to
I just got back from school so I'm
probably gonna make some dinner because
it's six o'clock and that's dinner time
and we just went to the grocery store so
yes okay oh and we just had we just had
a really good we went on yay vote today
Yebo we went live and showed everybody a
preview to the new worst prank ideas so
if you guys follow us on there you might
get exclusive content like that before
we upload videos so follow me and Andrew
add Justin Stuart and at Andrew sites
thanks thanks for coming by we have fun
shows in a world that's full of enemies
there stands a man
who is willing to risk it all for his
country and for his kin but who is this
man that roamed the lands really who has
fists like iron steel
who can defeat any enemy with the blink
of an eye a symbol
a kind-hearted man whose soul seeks to
destroy anything evil what is his name
you might ask Andrew a man of few words
whose emotions can destroy colonies why
is the story being told well to change
the lives
now go through yourself intro make haste
and change
