what up guys welcome back to more Jase -
we hope you're having a fantastic and
blessed day
who's ready for rares what do you mean
you know rares Oh though there's I love
those what this is the place for rares
you called the Bronco rears and we got
von Miller here Jersey or sweatshirt or
something oh yeah who else is in here
how old are these cards I don't know but
they're very rare
okay Wow even though that edges are bent
they're still expensive look at Gary he
loves his new baseball he got first
birthday these are like cartoon editions
now I wonder what the most expensive
card they have is your sushi you Ike
writes Baker Cobb and wheat hot pie
brainer you swallowed and blew easy
there's some basketballs we've never
done any sports besides football before
that's true
guys if you collect cards or watch
sports leave a comment right now what
are your favorites what do you collect
more out of everybody you like football
the best basketball baseball hockey they
got them all Cabbage Patch no way a new
shoppers destiny in pirate war when did
that come out I don't know that's cool
oh and where's this men two-player
version
such a good idea they should have
started with that go see if you want top
of my deck the Cardo is gonna grab you
guys playing oh well I didn't bring my
deck now trying to figure out what the
most expensive box here and what is the
most expensive car they have we found a
box here $400 so so far that's the most
expensive this guy
it is hockey it's foreigner bucks I
think Andrew found a relic this is from
1996 super ultra rookie cards huh may
have found the oldest box
they got him here check this out
Flintstones and if they don't know what
that means but they got it after they
got here 50 cents well these are
pokeyman I never seen a pokeymon
dispenser before that's true they even
got frozen lost what I haven't seen
these
forever HeroClix you guys have ever seen
these you're trying to think of any of
this stuff but it cool in the game room
I have if you guys have seen that
because I have a ton of pop figures but
these are kind of cool as well
you got the superheroes and then they
also got like just individual different
superhero spider-man Wonder Woman Star
Wars even like Hannah Montana Trading
packed
I found a pack of rares let me show you
oh yes and open this up for you folks
get excited
many many adventures on its way look
five autos per box I think that's the
most expensive one here 400 bucks there
must be some ultra rares in there
because whoa unfortunately I wouldn't
know which ones are rare and which one
isn't
I don't know hockey yeah I never watch
hockey good luck men all right we're in
the back room we're gonna open it and
see the fruit of fellas were playing or
taking their spot now okay what five
autographs in here
yeah per box on average maybe more what
hey
whoa he's your cool dude like how gold
they are that means they're rare there's
24 packs in this man you better get
opening look Peyton oh wow it's usually
already done card openings before we
only show you guys the rare ones because
if we showed you every card in here this
video would be very long hours so get
crackin
dude what you found one guys
I can't tell you how excited andrew is
gonna be do who is it Shane open it this
way
wait I gotta fill missus holy smokes all
right okay I'm gonna film the pack just
pull them up pull it up like this way
yeah until you get to the line gosh dude
guys get ready for this you're excited
Tony
no it's the very next one after this
oh wait very next one ha ha yep no
Peyton Manning autograph alumni ink this
is amazing dude you better be careful
with that
oh do not mess this one up put this one
somewhere safe so we can you need to get
it safe
oh good thing we're here we can get like
them guys know we love Denver Broncos
the first pack Peyton Manning hurry
let's go get this put away like first
things first
yeah let's see you ask if this is rare
you know if this guy's right
was he done in last year no true that
what have you done for me lately Oh
perfect
whoa there's only one two Super Bowls
come on
thank you Oh back to the lab quick I
wish that was the last act because all
of these none of these are gonna be as
soon as that may be sure I mean if they
are Wow okay
who remembers when Andrew bought a box
and he got in every path like a jersey
or
autograph the best card opening I ever
seen
another one it's in there okay we're
going down oh whoa what is it Devante
Parker out of 99 and this is a good
number though yeah dude he's good
whoa - cool this is a good one man I did
9900 is it Kevin white well who's it
cornerback
oh there's another Kevin white that's a
wide receiver I thought I had never
heard of him maybe you guys have looking
for the numbers
hey Connor Halliday
I haven't heard of him me either lady
for Otto's there it is Oh was that never
heard of him
Danielle hunter who is he who is he you
got kicked out of the league that's why
we don't know ah darn but I have his
autograph now yes
wait what an extra three rare how many
is that 6 yeah who's that
never heard of him ah what's with these
no names Vince
I think the Peyton Manning though just
like makes up for all of the notice yeah
basically handsome gosh let's look at
him again yeah that is just you can't
read it but I just can't stop looking at
him these are the two faves
cuz the two faves and these are the four
never heard of this just makes it so man
guys leave a comment if you were to get
any autographed card who would you want
it to be and why
if you don't know sports or anything
that you don't have to answer it's okay
I remember we came here a while ago
because what was at the 2017 panini
prestige of the 16 certified certified
yeah they had an autograph like Peyton
Manning actually in his jersey in the
Broncos like multicolored jersey like
out of 25 we're like we hope we can get
it but never got one but this next
closest thing this is his college Jersey
- so this might be rare yeah it was in
the Hall of Fame which he will oh yeah
we're searching to see if this is online
yeah I don't know how to find it but
good grief what there's a Marcus Mariota
Mariota four for $4,500 good night
that's a contender risky in kalos I
think it's like very rare this is one
out of one so I found this one it's 2016
isn't just an autographed pretty
the same thing it's alumni Inc it's on
eBay this one's for 2500 I don't know if
there's a difference or cuz that one it
doesn't look like it has it numbered but
see this one alumni Inc same exact card
company
I don't know hey for the next card vlog
we should take all of our cards down
there and see how much they're worth oh
yeah that would be really cool who wants
to see that me well guys this is the end
now yeah that will spawn it's always fun
just doing stuff that is like hobby
collectible stuff yeah
opening up packs it's just it's like a
childhood memory yeah it's always fun
what do you guys collect now let us know
in the comments what are your hobbies
yeah we'll see you back here tomorrow
and leave a like for the autographed
Pete Minnie oh yeah the sheriff himself
