say uh ah what's up yo sorry today what
we're doing on the blog you're supposed
to say something all right
know what you usually do did that camera
my face yeah good ties all the boys to
baby I would understand how do you play
that in the guitar you're putting video
games right now pen draw something I
think oh that's a good screen
dude that is so 2013 but does that draw
something yeah he's like insane updated
though let's draw something - oh by the
way there's the fan mail will show you
when we get back we're going to get some
food food Pizza food Pizza fan mail
bracelets oh yeah our new videos live go
check it out
oh yeah here's the bowl we used for our
popcorn Frank I just like like this and
we'll send it to one lucky fan we want
that's mine see Android being greedy now
I use it to make stuff like brownie
singing also birthday cakes yes we do a
fan sent us this chocolate and he wants
it bad
Oh Kevin's finally vlogging by inception
by inception ok Colorado's weather is
really peeving me off lately literally
is like negative degrees outside right
now
right here you boo wait
Kevin's freezing Kevin what about me
just Kevin there's a sec that's getting
colder fellas hey wait
the isin dinner now guys got a go here
it's really yummy
they have good choices too what what
should I get a good choice something
their new menu is delicious my fave is
even fun palett just looked completely
different
I'm gonna get this oh thank you Jesus
for this food of like a taste test but
thank you for the role sing for sound
excited to see oh it's free oh I hate
these all gone yeah there's no extras to
it was the same separately
you can definitely say I'm very
satisfied so now it's time to get
fortune cookies these are wrong quick
service John can't seem to take care of
the people you love
thanks fortune cookie what's your say
keV
your mom can you'll pass those flying
colors on the next test you tape all
right we have arrived at Gamestop
hey I just said that yeah so we're we're
gamestop just calves calves getting the
new webkinz for ps4 games where is that
one game Kevin wanted it's gotta be so
high I found it
keV Wow Jeff I found the game you wanted
they're back we're leaving well never I
was useless
let's get for me too bad
hey Julie what's new on the film goodbye
Carrie keV you get really yeah you said
geez jump into my ear yeah holy sky you
injure didn't have it at Target guess
where we are now haha no this is what we
use to make our gaming vids with by the
way yeah hi we're back at the apartment
and we want to show you guys some fan
mail already open them all but we're
gonna show you now so there's one for me
has my name on it you know damn Broncos
too bad they lost but well so we're
forever
it's cue me he's a letter it's kind of
it is to just an angio is for us it's
from Jake and Bella we got a very
colorful very nice letter with chocolate
Savas yeah Denmark look how cool all the
way from Denmark
oh there's Stan's are cool yeah it's a
weird oh thank you
whose are some Lewis that's our logo
right there you up this letter thank Y
away a return envelope because he wants
us to send them something backs in my
bro's Ian sent us an Xbox Microsoft card
but this made me laugh so ho a to the
world really appreciate the time
oriented guys always have to say to us
so front and back
Oh a juice to burp Lewis what's diet
yeah this man should I cut him on the
edges made it colorful oh I like the way
it's cut she said that a return envelope
here she's really good Sarah drew this
I think that's sick just a lot of school
yeah if you guys want me an Instagram I
posted a picture of this a while ago she
actually sent me the drawing that she
did ooh feel good that is that's really
good
there's a funny part in the letter I
thought she said ah me and my best
friend Savannah have even decided that
if we end up living together we're going
to buy two dogs you name them Gregerson
and Gary Garcia honey we got like a lot
that's cool yeah thanks this guy sent
this picture what's the name Matt B and
at first glance like oh just a toy but
if you take a closer look it's Scott
that's like one of those a Wordle things
and it's not like coy hey hey as soon as
you see it's just really cool just Jason
pranks Sarah gave us five hundred
dollars each yeah
Drake yeah from on Niomi Rachel
they made us bracelets - so how's not
really good like Julie made out of tape
I think wait are they whatever it's made
out of it's cool okay but yeah thanks
again guys for the fan mail we really do
appreciate it
all the nice words oh yeah we did get
one other letter from no uh this was a
little bit different it's a like that
sponsor thing he's doing a jog Lathon so
yeah thanks for sending that hey guys so
we're on omegle right now and we're
doing some vlogs will not plug for just
being goofy here with keV and these bros
want to say hi say hi bros say eyebrows
with donut okay he just said donut so I
don't know what that means
let's see if I hear you oh I can hear
you okay look
oh I can hear DJ look who we found I'm
gonna plug it DJ from public prank look
what he wrote I'm your biggest fan if I
say poop no he's like see how rude DJ is
-
he thinks he supports her name's
Michaela and she's wearing a horse mask
on surface on purpose good
