hey excuse me ma'am I just want to say
I'm better than you
okay all right all right I just wanna
make sure that's understood we're not
gonna have any conflicts later right
yeah okay good I'm the best okay and
your mediocre right well not really
whoa whoa whoa what look buddy you know
I'm the best at this yeah I'm the best
gas pump that this world has ever seen
yeah you're just mediocre so don't even
try me yeah you understand I switch it
on the best at typing on computers if
you want to address me it's all pro
Stanford grad got it Stanford graduate
all from where that that's right number
one hey hey I'm the best shopper in this
store okay okay if you try me with some
mediocre shopper like you that's the
results are gonna get mad okay so don't
talk about me no thanks I just keep this
in mind when you're watching the Super
Bowl I'm better than you
Do You Know Who I am by the way
do you watch them the Superbowl right
yeah I'm the best corner in the league
you know now Richard Sherman man oh come
on
right
I got a question for you guys for you
who's the number one quarterback in the
league right now
cornerback yeah
that's the easy question it's an easy
question it's me when it's your chairman
man oh yeah I was raised in Compton so
yeah I don't like ever question my
abilities I'm Richard Sherman
it's really cool about guys oh you know
what movie this is brother
if you do I'll be impressed give you the
count of three to know and it'll reveal
right now we're at Target
first stop target because it's the
closest to us and we want to see if they
have any like colored shirts that would
match the prank we want to do and if
they don't we're gonna have to go to
Walmart but it's freezing out here
Oh him bear to get her undies and bad
again I like how they have like a beefy
boy on here display I'm kind of but it's
like obvious like two-year-old
Underpants
yeah target doesn't have anything yeah
seriously they don't have just you know
of yarn you wanted yarn they don't have
this shirt screw I'm sorry all right
look at the front of the store they're
going ham on the Bronco stuff yeah
hopefully oh I see I see a Seahawk yeah
yeah Bronco stuff like along this whole
aisle but is zero Seahawk stuff it's so
so cool so there's many helmets yeah
one please this is the only Seahawks
thing they have but it's not the person
we want guys we're going around the
globe today we target and guess what now
Walmart fun fact for you we were
actually banned from this Walmart for a
year but it's past year but I just
thought I'd say that this is the woman
that we got banned from right Andrew so
we can't get in trouble on here we have
found the yarn Andrew where are you
doing is that what you want yes see
Walmart right what we need we find it
immediately
sorry target unless you unless you give
us free groceries then we'll like you
and we want some duct tape you get it
for a buck it's also cheaper here - so
how is target still in business honestly
a dollar tape it was like three bucks at
Target this may be two bucks that so we
got what we need now we just gotta go
make it which is gonna be good
what's up hey what's up
blue slushies tonight huh yeah as you
can see I'm making Richard Simmons hair
what about building Richard Simmons hair
but as you can see I'm making his hair
this is how he does it so yeah we didn't
find the Jersey but this is the closest
thing to make our own we're taking the
hard way you know what no if you want to
do something do it the hard way that's
my motto Harris - I did precise
measurements oh good this is gonna be a
good video guys all right so to make the
dreads
I've just been cutting it just yeah I
got a nice little weave zone here but to
put it on I got a beanie here and we're
using double-sided like folding the tape
over so
double-sided putting it in between this
and then we're gonna fold this over and
then we're gonna look exactly like
Richard you yes yeah we finished the
costume so let's go into character right
now Sherman Sherman come here sure
Richard
that was crazy on the last play season
the game quarterback then why would she
be who I'm talking about me wow that was
wild now back to you folks back in your
TV sets
Sherman's going ham in the paint yeah
the other fishermen like identical yeah
you guys cook like sisters a New Jersey
yeah that's sick dog
Sherman wow that's just can't even night
tell you guys apart to be honest don't
you ever question my abilities again I'm
the best player this league has ever
seen so if you ever want to start some
with me well you can have a look at the
facts brother
