hey guys so me and Andrew are heading to
this Chinese store near our house that
sells like
I don't know what it is it's like fish
dead fish
yeah have good sense to be chicken too
from ok yeah that's not we're going here
to we're doing this new prank that
involves a fish yeah it's kind of
sketchy as you can see it's a little
panda but uh yeah let's go we got our
food and it's very disturbing
no it's very young ah I just honestly
don't know who would eat this there was
four bucks would you order this and be a
glue man what a good meal scary to look
at to be honest it smells like Joe bond
get these out of here so I should want
to eat these
yeah but we got to go to this prank so
we wanted to buy more than one but they
only have one apparently so I don't know
what we're gonna do well they have like
bitch shrimp
this Joelle way back here thoughts well
take a look you so this is what their
fish plate looks like this is what our
replacement fish fillet looks like so
I'm going to go up and say man there's
no tartar sauce on my sandwich by the
way wool ah we just made the exchange
should I have it like kind of like ready
to pop open yeah open up like this she
can just
all right thank you
yummy God they gave you tartar spy no I
was about worried all right we're done
with the first McDonald's and the lady
we did the switch rune he said there's
no tartar sauce on my fish sandwich so
she went back and put tartar sauce on it
so I expect that kind of confusing at
the moment but we'll go with it if they
want to give back a really crappy fish
sandwich through customers swap this our
food while we're doing a prank yeah
ah
all right so usually sometimes me and
Andrew have forgotten to record audio
for clips and that's what just happened
so I've done that plenty of times to him
and vice versa so it's just very
annoying like we get a good clip and we
forgot to turn on the mic we think we
learned by now but no so yeah anyways we
they took our old one that we just to a
fish head and threw it away so now we
have the fish tail then we're at this
like classic looking McDonald's it's
kind of cool
anyway so we got we had to go buy a new
fish because the other like it
drive-thru people took ours this guy yes
yeah gonna nasty oh it's just horrible
yeah we don't have a knife so you just
have to kind of tear it apart gosh dude
this is just so nest Oh could I get some
just put on please fifty cents okay
yeah it's good thanks so much happened
once you just asked to put lettuce on
she just went and put it on like it was
no big deal but that same one that did
the same for what
according you what they do this those
who say ones indeed they're fun
I guess I'll see you later Wow
do you notice anything yeah yeah
nighttime I was asking the viewers to
answer but that's okay yeah I just got
back from school now our King Soopers
because we want to see if they have
anything like raw fish because we keep
going back to the Chinese place I don't
think they'll like us anymore yeah we
keep stealing all their dead fish so see
if King Soopers has any ugly looking
things for cheap they purr like you so
let's go hey looks like they don't
really have any what we want exactly
this kind of
but it's more expensive so place we go
to is better I guess but still just
managing it man your see which by the
way this is like Andrews favorite if you
wanted to know
so young
become much
like habits
so we're just in there and we are
burping really weird to hear do an
example
yeah so we've been burping like that by
people and everybody's been looking at
us so we were wondering if you guys
would want to see something like that we
also you can also just you this you can
just go yeah it just sounds really weird
and gross just like this sound like
something I getting hit with a sword so
we don't know if you guys think that
kind of stuff is funny but we do and
everybody was looking at it really weird
so we could also prank - a second
channel if you guys want you just go up
behind someone to do that but yeah it's
funny so let us know in the comments Oh
take a look awesome I was going to take
a bite and near passed out I don't
appreciate you
you say they're recording you
I'm sure you are
we're talking about marijuana me the
fish don't carry that fish what fish you
talk about are we gonna come on TV TV
for not getting me lettuce
did you already throw it away or can I
have it back you should go crank some
other movie yeah that's what we're doing
did you did you throw it away already
well I think that's right YouTube Kino
if I check out still driving around and
it's 8:20 we've been at it all day for
you guys so hopefully you guys will like
this video
and yeah we've been getting a lot of
good clips I think so yeah alright so to
finish off the day we're at Safeway and
we're buying a big fish head because we
know that if you have fish at you'll get
the best reaction from that for sure
that's right because uh since the people
kept like taking our fish and I throwing
it away we had to like keep buying new
ones and then we only had fish guts and
stuff so if we have a head and that's
what they see some girls will be
freaking out for show yeah so 454 yes
but we need a knife so about the knives
but in a real-life fish here here 240
looks pretty nasty but that's exactly
what what all right we're gonna cut it
now but we're probably not gonna film us
cutting it because we don't want to
gross all of you fans
I'll just let us on at half okay yeah
letters for your signature yeah but I
gave my sandwich back so now I don't
have a sandwich to put the lettuce on
all right guys we're finally back home
we just finished the basically that of
the main prank just been added it yeah
just have been editing it and it's 11:45
p.m. and the videos going up tomorrow
which will be when you're watching it
yeah yeah so you'll probably see the
prank but if not I'll leave a link at
the end and you could check it out let
us know if you liked it because we love
doing drive through pranks so if you
want to see us do more like types of
food like that in the drive through a
lot of snow and also hit that thumbs up
button for us because if this video gets
over a thousand likes I guess I mean
andro go out and do something insanely
awkward like usual for this channel for
this channel and you guys can leave some
pranks so you wants to do if you want us
to do some awkward leave some pranks and
I think this get it
this gets a thousand likes then we'll
consider doing them just for you guys
and if you're new make sure to subscribe
because we upload here basically every
day hope you guys like the video and I
will see you guys tomorrow so goodbye
mmm I ordered the hot spicy sir we don't
even have nothing that even looks like
that in our store I swear to God
oh no you got this wrong I love gave it
too but we didn't give it to you
