hey guys so for this video we got a
balance sheet on our doorstep yeah says
we have an unpaid balance of four
dollars and 86 cents so this is a
perfect opportunity to do a prank on
Kevin so we made an identical looking
sheet same letter and everything but
this time it's just addressed to Kevin
saying that he owes six hundred and
thirty nine dollars and the best part is
he's leaving for the United Kingdom for
vacation next week and we put in the
letter that federal law prohibits any
international travel when you have a
late fee on your rent let's go do this
okay we just got back from pranking but
we are gonna pull the prank on Kevin now
we're gonna hack like we're vlogging so
we can fill in his reaction yeah they do
you work out do you want to work out all
right oh yeah there's a letter on the
door for you or something there's like a
note on the door for you but yeah we're
going to the gym I don't know if Andrew
you coming what he says there's an
unpaid balance to when your account for
the current month the unpaid amount is
489 isn't that what you guys texted me
that makes me past yeah that's what they
told me but I already did this on my
laptop when I was there cause it didn't
go through somehow but I can check
whether they let me look because I'll be
able to look at my what Act doesn't that
say it says there's the undo balance can
read it I don't think not like it's
private did you mean this bottom part
read it
so it's due to this unpaid balance
federal law prohibits any international
travel the whole process takes about ten
days old businesses lately you have any
questions regarding this balance please
called manager
wait let me see what the heck is this
hold on let me look at this real quick
look I already paid that look January 6
rent and mortgage $509 can I paid it
online to put that extra yeah it did
that you know it makes you Bailey
initiative twenty larger phone
are they open right now that's a crab
dude I paid this and it even says that I
did the money's not in my account did I
say it today
I'll even know I'm traveling around
really no international travel you
missed the first time I'm gonna travel
internationally and this is just a rule
this is doesn't make any sense the
typical process time it takes between 10
to 12 business days why would it take 10
to 12 business days process
no it's not we know that because I have
it hungry right here I can show them I
thought if we all shared one account
lies it like specifically in my name
yeah leaving on Monday and it said no
international travel for 10 to 12 days
if it doesn't get cleared up which means
I spent $2,000 for nothing if I can't go
so that would be bad news what am I
supposed to do
oh sorry guys no business you can't
drive for 10 to 12 days sorry that you
spent $2,000 but we didn't get your
payment even though it says that we did
leave you know I have to wait till
tomorrow to figure it out the same thing
the same thing but in yellow there's
something's real here so it's nice and
what is it what are we supposed to do
who you know $4 you don't know why do
you record that I was about to break
this computer I was like oh why the heck
would it say no traveling Randy I
thought I was really good but you guys
seriously pissed ruin my entire like
Bono that's why we're gonna tell you
today we didn't want to we just want to
make yeah I was about to text my girl
and be like well I'm boned
I told you so quickly here I was
wondering why you guys were floating
around
that's like watchin time fly out of the
country sure to be like never do that
again you wanna mess with my emotions
sorry dude I hate you guys great I just
have like the sickest end do an episode
ever and then you guys come here to ruin
everything
no it's fine we didn't really because
everything is okay I was sweating happy
successful prank we got them good yeah
you parked under the dangers on trade
that's all just fall right they did too
