alright friends family and everyone in
between me and Andrew have back to the
post office to do our weekly mail check
up to see if we got his name we're real
life me helping right yeah the United
States Post Office it so let's go inside
and see where we have this we got one
letter this would be a boy oh we did I
know some of you guys said you sent us
stuff so let's do this okay look we have
eight no chicken well yeah here's some
more eat my wall we will be opening up
at home oh man just can't wait to do it
now please sure no oh no oh
Oh
ok
how traffic city going out now what is
roll out the Sun is ouch from here
look at the traffic on the other side of
the road it's terrible as usual
what
we went to a wedge wedge for lunch
oh yeah I got a pesto chicken sandwich
turkey sandwich with coleslaw
never been there before it's interesting
place and quite delish yes all right so
I just got out in library and read
already left but this guy was pissed
Andrew
so I I told him to leave and I was just
still there but I just left the big
library so now have to go back to the
car cuz that's where he is but sometimes
we deal with spooky situations it's not
really like we're in trouble but like
he's icky once Andrea lefty I told the
librarian that this weird guy was trying
to like take his stuff well he's a huge
repose with coal security and such but
me and him already blessed people are
people get creeped out about some things
sometimes so yeah but the day in the
life of pulling pranks I tell you we're
downtown this building is really festive
we're back at the apartment and we have
all the letter so we're gonna open them
now for you guys probably open all on
camera but we'll talk about him here in
like one second okay and but open all
the letters and guys want to show you
some of the stuff you sent us Darcy sent
us some pokemon cards yeah what is this
I call Pikachu Pikachu cellos and EV
these are honestly the only pokemon
cards I've ever had there you go loser
she sent this I like that I can do all
things through Christ who strengthens me
that is the truth and then her letter
she put a bunch of cool stickers on that
was very cool cuz you know I like
colorful letters with trucks chocolate
south and the hats at kevins here
looking at some letters to with us cuz
I'm you think is Nick except this he
drew this picture and in the middle you
can clearly see for Kevin you happy oh
yeah and John I thought this was
learning or 13 this is a picture of his
uh frog or toad it's in hibernation so
that's why it looks so weird like when I
first open this I was so confused but
what is this but that was like a
mushroom
there's a lego next to it dude nothing
is fat yeah thank you oh yeah it's a two
page paper and the bomb says okay and
then on the back of Scott's picture of J
and person named Jane a person named a
so definitely no adjustment in Europe
know there's a completely different
Carol those are very nice long ago here
oh by the way we like to do ya thang
silly for the long letter Jared also
sent us a letter Thank You Jared i'll
definitely check out your channel and
stuff nice brother meanie teacher this
picture oh yeah she has been good
drawings yeah whoa traceless like real
life you trace that egg shooter and you
said you were bad that's good even if
you trace it's good just get us a nice
little letter and a return envelope so
I'm just kidding it's good we'll make
sure to get that back yeah and John sent
us a super nice letter too so thank you
John for sending this cuz you made me
very happy of myself he gave he sent us
this return letter so it just makes it
so much easier to send you guys letters
back if we get like a return letter with
up with a stand yeah with the stand
because we don't have those so your we
lived in just kidding this is from Elena
she actually wrote us personal letters
home for me or progestin absolute and uh
here's personal I really like the way
you had you cut the edges the color is
super scheme it's just so complimentary
whatever good right on the wall also I
am just yeah that one is sweet Wow
taking you forever to draw that yes
you're just look it was just so say Oh
candy cane Kevin's even impressed hey
you know you've done right when you
impress Kevin
I was cool just from Abby and she sent
us an envelope is this cool picture okay
it's got cool sayings like I feel happy
up myself we have other boats in that
voice live life and always Hawaii love
life also laugh a lot that's how you're
supposed to say it right yeah this is
Hawaii a nice thing it says hey boy hey
boy oh boy oh boy huh on the back it's
like know if you just glued it on but
this little we're supposed to sign it
and send it back we'll send you a whole
piece of paper signed back okay cuz all
right so Kevin got these in the mail the
other day sour patch soda pops I ever
heard of these before we have Cola
orange a cherry a tropical and Apple
please not sure if they sell them in
America because I've never seen them
before but I'm gonna try them now
they're like all this name however so I
any different kind of first five
actually what flav did you get cherry
aid Kirkland's cooler yeah this looks
like cool what's your guys favorite
candy I definitely except a chance hours
I know if we've ever had those are the
best apparently they're from the UK so
sorry kids if you want to go try these
out you have to fly to Europe yeah thank
you thank you thank you again for all
the letters we always read every letter
we get and if you send a return ladder
we try our best to send stuff back so
thank you guys each of you who sent
letters to us this is seriously one of
the best parts of like making videos
get re cool letters you guys just like
saying how you found our videos
haha that's a burn down pretty kill
somebody
