guys there's a raccoon right by our door
what
ello what's going on broken him hey it's
a food
dude this is weird forgive him lay off
okay
there were correct Coons back
dude I think so huge Kevin showed him
the plate
oh don't let him come in here he's not
going to come and eat it they're too
scared
watch how I open this movie he can't
barely fit through there I thought wait
wait my comeback oh we're back at the
apartment so is Andrew he's reading all
your fan mail letters yeah are you happy
I'm reading this one right now
that's cute away we have something
planned today we're gonna eat the
chocolate not all of them but remember
and our fan mail vlog I showed you guys
so we had some chocolate and I want to
try it because they're from Europe dead
so send it to us Andrew which one do you
want to try I wanted to try that please
call play oh this is a neg Ken
connection and toffee toffee crunch er I
open her up your tips like poppy I like
that I just took them by the chocolate
what you going to do not it white
chocolates one of my faves
so Europe's number one chocolate brand I
can see why there's better than
Hershey's to be honest I think I still
like this flavor better in my opinion
there's cab want to try you want to come
try or you have ton of chocolate in
Europe I got this for Europe I got this
you know oh yeah from heat whities yeah
why he sent me all this chocolate answer
new Underpants
have you ever seen a Star beer this is
nigga with a soda pop is I want to try
you don't get but Kevin I already have
two ocean hmm now did there's a milk
chocolate with a whole hazelnuts so you
get your home right dark wall Minnie
smarty oh yeah
remember we had this Marty this is
Canada from the UK it's hot it's like
popping chocolate you eat it in it like
I guess pop rock all right try it out
tasty recepies rupees on the popping
this is interesting doesn't it taste did
that reflectors in some amount and some
gosh Lannister what a fan send it to us
Jim
this has real here's a knife are free
one two
Wow tastes nutty
you're nutty haha put that saber down
before you kill somebody
Wow Here I am I'm in my car yeah oh so
just a my are communicating via he tell
I don't know if you guys have ever used
that at that you just like hold speak is
like a big old walkie-talkie so you
going
hey you daddy died vlogging right now
and you just wait for him to reply sort
of cool
hey guys sweet Justin I'm driving by an
Andrew I don't know if you can see me
but I hope this makes it to the vlog it
would be such an honor but yeah one
thing I wouldn't really recommend
vlogging and hate telling at the same
time but since I am a professional I do
recommend it this is what driving
through Colorado looks like just
by the way
there's Castle Rock the death of it uh
@si new library here hopefully they have
one
if we get kicked out we usually never
stop in this town so
really be too concerned about it alright
we just stopped at a circle K we got a
search around see if there's library I
got my car and I'm now in that Justin's
car yeah hey guys we just got done out
of the Douglas County Library we're
trying to film a new print for you guys
only got one clip and X is so small but
it was a good clip I thought it's pretty
good video we thought it's you but we
know you love goofy goofy pranks just as
much as we News yeah hopefully we'll get
a good video for you
Andrews cleaners super by the way so
yeah guys if we want to go to libraries
we kinda have to travel now since some
libraries don't like us so that's why
we're driving all over the place right
now we're Castle Pines here in Colorado
not that any of you know where that is
but hey this is well we add we just
pulled up in this library does not look
big at all I mean it kind of outside it
does but I can tell it's gonna be like a
smaller library so probably only get one
more clip but that's okay every clip
counts well that didn't really work out
smallest library I've probably ever seen
honestly so now we're drivin we have to
drive another 15 minutes to go to
another library we got one clip in there
I don't know if it's like it wasn't like
that good
but yeah Wow the view today is gorgeous
I always gorgeous
well well yeah it's pretty nice just
ruined the shot yep this is Colorado for
you folks just all mountains and to
sunset you that's cool but look where we
right now we're taking you around the
globe today
whoa I'm not going there but that would
be yummy yeah this is the best small in
Colorado I hope it's always busy is the
best best Oh guys okay
the food has arrived and let me say
delicious as always so we got some
sesame chicken and mustard it's like
it's not what you think it's like
mustard chicken I'm what they call music
mustard
it's so good so I can't really walk
outside kitty but yeah I think we've
logged about wasabi James Saboteur yeah
if you saw our worst enemy where's he at
home have you seen our worst prank ideas
- we come here
Shafi every Park medel's ball hit it up
oh sorry
did you watch some chicken by the way
yeah
but I think we're done here done prank
in here at the mall Android creeped some
lady out pretty bad huh oh I should
leave were you arrested person yeah it
is always fun coming to this mall for me
because there's so many people and
different types of people it's true they
have a whole lego store that's pretty
cute like ah ba are you looking at huh
but anyways thanks for watching today's
vlog guys that's all I have to say thank
you for being you yourself and always
you and being born your turn
duh thank you for being you yourself and
only you also being born yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow new practice Wednesday
bye crazy cut that crazy crappy box the
other one here was out of my face
you're the one who said that line you
made me sick go go go go go go go go
jump jump jump jump
yeah yeah
