yo la guys how's going today me and my
fiancee Brittany we're going to register
at Bed Bath & Beyond we're gonna be like
scanning all the stuff we want so like
we put all the stuff we want on a
website so like the people come to our
wedding they could see what we want
maybe it's for like gift ideas you know
I'm going to pick her up right now and
it should be a pretty fun day because I
don't know we get this scanner and we
get to scan stuff yeah but yeah let's go
pick her up
all right so I picked up Brittany oh
she's got a nice big protein shake I
think it's huge get my protein oh yeah
now we're gonna go to Bed Bath & Beyond
she's very excited so I'll film us okay
some stuff it's pretty nice out to you
though it's not too cold but I guess it
is cold because the wind really messes
it up just stop it was a runaway cart
okay someone was pushing yeah like even
my turn it came from all the way over
here like oh my gosh well I couldn't
move there ain't no oh my good way okay
we have arrived okay I got the scanner
days that's crazy now we're looking for
we have to go through the whole store oh
my god scanning on friends and family if
you could buy us a 500
that's all we'll take knives you guys
should know if Brittany likes vintage
stuff and she likes popcorn so this is
like a cool-looking popcorn maker
that's gained it okay oh my gosh she's
so happy
Oh that'd be cool to have this I can't
do a falling video in here bull Oh
millions there Zach Elias everywhere me
Brittany kind of want to get wooden
plates I can't break anything probably
really concerned about breaking anything
Oh Britt what is this oh you can hold
your wine in this how cute
we're gonna bedspreads now and this
one's kind of cool yeah it's nice I was
telling Brett we should get this one
what do you guys think
no look how cool bone collects you yeah
you guys check it out oh my gosh
look at all the popcorn goodies I have
skinless oh yeah get there oh yeah we
don't know how big our definitely don't
you think me and Brett are about that
bamboo life bamboo laughs that happened
now we're at the pillow area cuz you
know you gotta have like a thousand
pillows when you sleep and just round
the house to stay comfy right I was a
whole bide sleep here I just hide in
here there's a giant body pillow that's
cool
I know right well we got our Bridal
invitation cards right we gotta get
those gifts all about the gifts yes just
like kitchen gifts yeah so we're trying
to scan all of our fave things already
usually people give you money but we
have some gifts okay so we are done and
I thought I would film myself again
didn't do a good job
this is driving right now and trying to
be a good driver but anyway so we're
going to target now and you're super
excited okay I think it's for you yeah
welcome to it gets a little tiring the
target will have some good gifts I think
as well what are you just gonna get
right target
shining in the camera yeah Oh see at
Target has it actually look like I work
here hello this gun looks way cooler
than bed bath and beat look at that you
have a trigger okay that is cool I like
the colors all right get it yeah buddy
yeah I'd recommend if you want to come
here come here if you want to get pots
and stuff cuz bad bathroom beyond just
kind of like expensive all right yeah
well you won't scan couldn't get any
truer than this folks really look at
this you had me at bacon oh my gosh do
you like bacon thank is this is this a
chair toy I don't know who would buy
this to be honest
let's go back you mean Britney love
lemonade supposed to be perfect for nice
beverages yeah you can pet and emanating
there okay so yes since I look like a
target employee I'm gonna go up to
somebody and just it's not really a
prank I'm just gonna be weird
hi guys we're off done nice shopping I
was thinking it we should do a target
employee prank I'm like what I just did
just that they said we can do that again
I can be all aware of this I don't know
what do you guys think you think we
should do a target point blank
yeah but anyways we're gonna go eat some
dinner now and I have to go back up to
my apartment because I have school but I
just gonna go there to film so cold
yes but yeah I hope you guys like
today's vlog and hope you like come
along and hang with us definitely in the
future you'll see a lot more of her
everything we're gonna be living
together and everything we'll talk more
about each other in our lives
I'll get better at holding the camera so
yeah anyways we'll see you guys later
but using today is a man white shirt
but I definitely know it's a designer
bag
