good morning John this video I kind of
want to give you half a semester of
college level chemistry and I only have
four minutes to do it so I'm gonna get
started everything in the world is made
up of atoms atoms are very small atoms
have protons and neutrons in their
nucleus and electrons orbiting those
protons and neutrons a number of protons
in an atom tells you what kind of atom
it is by which I mean what element that
atom is
protons are positively charged and
electrons are negatively charged by
definition atoms have no charge so if
they have 14 protons they have 14
electrons if they have a different
number of protons and electrons then
they're an ion not an atom the number of
neutrons in an atom can vary not just
element by element but individual atom
by atom of the same element that's
enough about protons and neutrons let's
talk about electrons electrons orbit the
nucleus of an atom in specific orbitals
and electron orbitals really like to be
full orbitals come in four basic flavors
s P D and F s orbitals contain two
electrons P orbitals can contain up to
six DS 10 and F's 14 orbitals fill in
the following order s then s then P then
s then P than D then Espen Pete and D
and then F so if you have one electron
in your atom if you are hydrogen for
example then you have one electron and
your first S orbital if you are carbon
then you have six so you have two
electrons in your first S orbital two
electrons in your second S orbital and
then two electrons in your first p
orbital that is denoted as shown below
1s2 2s2 2p2 - P - P - so basically
carbon is four electrons away from being
happy because if the electron orbitals
aren't full they're a little bit like
Bella without Edward so how can Bella
fill her Edward shaped hole I mean how
can carbon get those extra four
electrons carbon does that pretty much
invariably by linking to other atoms
carbon will then basically share its
electrons with other atoms while those
other atoms are sharing its electrons
with carbon and if it shares with
hydrogen you end up with things like
methane or if it shares with oxygen you
end up with things like carbon dioxide
oddly enough those are the two principal
greenhouse gases Bella Swan
why must you fill your orbitals these
kinds of bonds in which atoms overcome
their initial repulsion in order to
share electrons and make their orbitals
happy are called covalent bonds covalent
bonds are not the only type of bond
sodium for example only needs to lose
one electron in order for its orbitals
to be happy chlorine on the other hand
only needs to get one electron in order
for its orbitals to be happy so what
happens when chlorine and sodium see
each other is in
of sharing an electron sodium actually
gives its electron to chlorine
permanently but then they're so close
together that because this is now
negatively charged and this is
positively charged they stick together
and they make salt when atoms or
molecules make or break new covalent or
ionic bonds their properties drastically
changed sodium on its own for example
explodes when you put it in water and
chlorine obviously chlorine gas is
extremely deadly but then when you bomb
them together ionically they become
delicious on food physical changes like
melting or freezing or breaking or
vaporizing do not change the fundamental
properties of the atom or molecule if
the chemical changes that are really
fascinating and that's what chemistry is
about if we could talk more about
chemistry John we would talk more in
depth about chemical reactions what
kinds of chemical reactions there are
and why atoms and molecules like to
react in different ways unfortunately we
don't have time for that so you're just
going to have to deal with having as
much knowledge as you have about
chemistry now which is infinitely more
than you had four minutes ago John I
will see you on Monday a quick note
there are three messages that I would
like to bring you in this video that do
not have anything to do with chemistry
one Shan Ahmed who is a kick-ass
nerdfighter who's been doing amazing
work in Bangladesh is one of the five
finalists who was picked to possibly go
to the World Economic Forum in Davos
Shan will be representing the cause of
global poverty the amazing power of
YouTube and of course nerdfighteria it
would be great if everyone would follow
the link in the sidebar and go vote for
him too obviously the situation in Haiti
is dire and we all need to help in
whatever way we can one really easy way
to help us to text Haiti to nine oh nine
nine nine this will charge an extra $10
to your cellphone bill which will be
donated 100% to the Red Cross mission to
help Haiti if you want to give more than
$10 which I hope you do there's a link
to the Red Cross in the sidebar 3 if
after you're done with those things you
still have some more time my favorite
fictional YouTube show robot ninja and
gay guy has been nominated for a Streamy
award and you can go and vote for that
in the sidebar as well that's all thank
you hope you learned something
bye
