good morning John it was the last video
of 2009 and it just so happens that my
final video of 2009 falls on a song
Wednesday I wrote the lyrics to this
song and then sent it to the songwriting
musical duo rhettandlink and they learnt
the music and we recorded the song
together which was really freaking cool
so I'm going to go ahead and play the
song for you and then I will talk a
little bit more after the thingy
Hey do you remember when all of Georgia
fled that flood that left thousands
homeless and seven dead but while those
people drowned in their houses been
adrift the news was about Kanye West and
Taylor Swift
Loretta Lake where I really see the news
media failing is every time anyone
mention Sarah Palin a dispatch it up and
camera crews every time she booze while
I can't escape the feeling she's just
popped
and if rifle Valley killer got all
offended needing healing 4,000 people
while the normal fluid needed ill 60,000
people here and in here out people like
to have something to freak out about and
what about the Michael Phelps marijuana
scandal this one picture around the
media flew off the handle he did the
same thing as our lefty presidents I
don't think I've learned he's make much
sense
so many and for Danny's having this year
friend Iran's election and mass
possession and Obama sworn in but to us
the things on cable news seem so
freaking dumb then we get only hope that
we're not the only one
yes we can only hope that we're not the
only one
and I don't think the crappy news
contender better than the scandals of
Tiger Woods and David Letterman it turns
out the rich guys cheat on their wives
that for the news in the year 25
and one of the biggest stories of the
whole entire year in that Susan Balkans
he can bring an audience to tears with
all the pretty people auto-tune we
forgot you don't have to be hot to be
the talent Britain ska and I still laugh
every time I see some whore braggin
probably holding up a sign for clicking
he's a d-bag herbacides any confusion
about the resolution I think no matter
what they mean the news was an illusion
so many and for today's a vanish your
friend Iran selection and mass
possession and Obama warning but to us
the things on cable news seem so
freaking dumb and we can only hope that
we're not the only one
yes we can only hope that were not the
only one
and I think we can all agree the biggest
load of poo that balloon boy Falcons was
not in Evelyn
just another year we kept the world
alive we didn't pay attention but
somehow we didn't die
so many and for today's having this your
friend
Iran's election and mass possession of
almost Warren but to us the names on
cable news deep so freaking job then we
can only hope that we're not the only
one
guess we can only hope that we're not
the only one
but since they're still reporting it we
just might be the only one
Happy New Year Hank and the other one
your brother like his name is Don John
John so that was written Lincoln this is
me and I am Telling You people if you
have not go check out their work
youtube.com slash rhett and Link there's
a link in the sidebar and if you want to
thank them for kicking ass and making my
final song Wednesday video freaking
awesome go ahead and subscribe and they
also have an album coming out on January
5th so you might want to check that out
too John & nerdfighteria thank you for
making 2009 a really amazing year for us
all I could never have expected it to be
this great but maybe we can make 2010
even better dftba
