good morning John Amsterdam is very good
I want to have a lot of different tops
from this place
thoughts about tulips and
financialization and economic bubbles
and genetics thoughts about how some
clogs seemed quite big
until I saw others and then this Wow
thoughts about how there's a freaking
fair in the middle of this town right
now sharing space with 400 500 year old
buildings and fair food is pretty much
the same everywhere I asked for American
sauce because I figured it would be
ranch dressing but it's not I do not
know this flavor but of all the thoughts
I could have from this place guess what
I spotted it while casually Google
mapping around to see what there was to
do
Oh a bench The Fault in Our Stars bench
on Google Maps with 75 reviews at an
average rating a 4.3 which is just as
good as the van Gogh Museum John I
assume that you are equally as
fascinated to find out what people say
when they review a bench which is why
this video is going to be mostly
people's reviews of the tiffy OS bench
it's just a bench it's a bench honestly
it's just an ordinary bench so
apparently that was worth four stars
it's bench that's it some don't even
think that it's a particularly good
bench
millena in a two-star review says it's
extremely uncomfortable and she doesn't
know how hazel and Gus did it and
dominica remarks on the benches
aesthetics I think more than its
cleanliness when she says that people
need to treat it better it does appear
to be the opposite of the largest ball
of paint in that many tourists seem to
remove paint every time that go rather
than add it but of course there are lots
of great reviews of the bench Marciano
says that there are a few promise locks
which has apparently multiplied
substantially in the last eight months
because this is more than a few
Maharlika said that it was really fun to
try to recreate the famous movie poster
and suggest that you take a picture from
the other side of the canal which is how
they did in the movie
that is an excellent tip after rena
deeply disagrees with all those
remarking on the benches lack of comfort
saying ten out of ten would sit again
Joana agree
saying best free attraction in Amsterdam
visited twice in one day
five stars though to be fair there are
no other free attractions in Amsterdam
now none of these reviews really
encapsulated my experience with the
bench so John I left my own review here
it is my brother wrote a book that made
a bench famous enough that it has 75 now
76 reviews on Google that's really weird
and also amazing if you're just
wandering around Amsterdam there's a
pretty good chance that you are going to
accidentally come across this bench it's
a fine bench but ultimately it's just a
bench that is in no way special except
because of what people bring to it I
guess that's like most important things
and also people we aren't much unless
you know our story I thought by this
bench for a long time watching people
come up and take pictures with the bench
some of them didn't seem to care that
much and we're just looking for
something to do between events but
others were clearly excited to interact
a bit with a physical space that was
important to them or to their
relationships there were a lot of friend
groups and a lot of couples it made me
happy my brother is a little bit
obsessed with roadside attractions in
America and it is very cool and very
weird that he unintentionally inspired a
canalside attraction across an ocean
each person brings to this thing their
own stories and their own connections
each person makes it a little bit more
than it was ever meant to be again maybe
a little bit like all of us John I'll
see you on Tuesday
