oh good morning Willie do you guys want
to see a trick panic I'm a bad person
but you're gonna be a great father good
morning Hank good morning John today
we're gonna talk about Christmas cause
it's Christmas time it's almost
Christmas time I feel like the holiday
season is upon us like literally like
like is preying upon us it is latched on
like a zombie yes crawling our every
movement certainly controlled my
movements in the last 48 hours because
all that guns buy stuff Willie I'm sorry
about the panic he doesn't care he's
forgotten about it yeah that's the great
thing about having a dog it's a great
thing about having a stupid dog for
Willie he's so beautiful but he's so
stupid Willie will you be in the
thumbnail Oh Hank and I are both huge
fans of the Christmas season is that
fair to say that's fair to say I hate it
I love it I usually hate it but this
year have gotten more into it because
we're expecting our first kid and you're
here and Katherine's here and mom and
dad are here and we've got this
beautiful Christmas tree because I'm so
into Christmas this year I thought that
it would be appropriate to talk some
Christmas facts to stick ulation now
what was the first state to recognize
Christmas as an official holiday in the
United States I think it was Alabama
it's almost like I already told you this
fact and you're cheating
but when John what in 1838 the state of
Alabama declared Christmas a state
holiday Christmas did not become a
national holiday in the United States
until 1870 so for almost the first 100
years of our Union Christmas was not
considered a national holiday but early
in American history there were fewer
national holidays right but also we were
busier right people had stuff to do
that's like inventing electricity but
then they had their evenings off due to
lack of light do you know anything about
hot cockles hot cockles is not for
contemporary life so one person is
blindfolded they're a bunch of people in
the room and then one of the people who
isn't blindfolded hits the person who is
blindfolded and then the blindfolded
person has to guess who hit them so if
you want to be sneaky about it you're
like oh that was Sarah
I was definitely Sarah for some reason
associated almost exclusively with
Christian why is it
and cockily what you doing John did you
know that Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
was invented by the Woolworth company I
did not know that because it's not true
it was Montgomery Ward Johnny I should
do the facts Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer was invented in the late 1930s
by the Montgomery Ward department store
they had one of their coffee writers a
guy named Robert Mays write a Christmas
story and because he was like a nerdy
wimpy small guy he decided to write a
Christmas story about a nerdy wimpy
small reindeer named Rudolph and then
this story just became massive because
everybody loves a nerdy reindeer if
you're gonna have a reindeer you want a
nerdy one in Canada
what is Santa's postal code I don't know
what a Canadian postal codes look like
letter number letter number letter
number is it leet speak it is leet speak
is it H zero yeah H zero
yes h0h 0h0 okay I got one
jingle bells yes you know how that goes
jingle bells Batman smells Robin laid a
name before it was about Batman it was
about what Christmas Thanksgiving no way
really Thanksgiving song which is why it
has no references to Christmas in it are
you sure yeah I'm gonna check that I'm
gonna back check Wow loaded in 1857 for
a Thanksgiving program James Boyd Lord
Pierpont best known for composing jingle
bells but I mean to be fair he should be
famous for that beard all right Hank
here's the last Christmas back for you
do you know all of the words to the
jingle bells Batman smells songs I think
I do
jingle bells Batman smells Robin laid an
egg the Batmobile lost a wheel and Joker
got away hey
happy holidays puff fight now buh-bye
ow a puff is stronger than your puff
