good morning Hank it's Tuesday so I've
been thinking a lot about the world's
largest ball of paint which is located
in the tiny town of Alexandria Indiana
so I don't constantly be a coincidence
that so many of the world's largest
balls are located in the United States
like the world's largest ball of popcorn
is in Iowa the world's largest ball of
stamps is in Nebraska there are several
competing world's largest ball of twine
from canvass to Minnesota but it's the
balls of paint that interest me most so
back in 1977 this guy Mike Carmichael
painted a baseball with his
three-year-old son and then they kept
painting it for like hundreds of coats
and then they started to invite
neighbors and friends over to paint the
ball eventually strangers showed up and
Mike would invite them to add layers of
paint and now 40 years later there are
more than 25,000 layers of paint on this
baseball it weighs two and a half tons
it has its own little house and every
year more than a thousand strangers show
up to add layers of paint to it which by
the way is free Mike even provides the
paint anyway I think the world's largest
ball of paint has something to tell us
about the creation of art like usually
we imagine art as a story of individual
geniuses right you know Shakespeare
Leonardo da Vinci or whomever uses like
their innate brilliance to expand the
human landscape now sometimes we
acknowledge that circumstances play a
role in the emergence of great art like
for instance for Mark Twain to become
Mark Twain he had to grow up on the
river that separated America from itself
during the war that separated America
from itself but mostly we think the work
is done not by the times but by these
heroic individuals who like push us
forward and lift us up now to be clear I
do believe in genius from Mark Twain to
Jane Austen to Toni Morrison there are
some artists who are just uncommon ly
great but I don't think genius is a
simple trait like having brown eyes I
think it's more of a continuum like
having empathy and also I think the
worship of individual genius in art and
elsewhere is ultimately misguided like
Thomas Edison didn't invent the light
bulb it was being invented all around
him by lots of people and he added
innovations to it and I think Newton
didn't discover gravity he pushed our
awareness of it to new places I think
lots of us and I include myself in this
by the way worried that whatever our
work is it won't matter because it won't
be remembered or because it won't rise
to the level of genius but maybe that
makes individuals too important maybe in
the end art and life are more like the
world's largest ball of paint you
carefully choose your colors and then
you add your layer as best
can and then eventually it gets painted
over it gets painted again and again
until there is no visible remnant of
your layer of paint and really no one
knows about it except for you and maybe
a few people close to you to whom you
told the story but that doesn't mean
your layer of paint is irrelevant
because it permanently if slightly
changed the larger sphere right like the
world's largest ball of paint looks
nothing like a painted baseball and
you're part of the reason whether you
made a youtube video that only a few
people saw or wrote a short story that
only a few people read you still played
a role in shaping this many-splendored
ball of paint we're all living with so
you add your coat of paint or hopefully
several coats and hope that you've made
the world more beautiful and yes
eventually you will be painted over but
you still matter Hank thanks so much to
you and all the VidCon staff and
volunteers for an amazing weekend in
Amsterdam at VidCon Europe I'm going to
enjoy a couple days of vacation and then
get back to painting hey I'll see you on
Friday
