good morning Hank it's Tuesday December
1st which means it's no longer Movember
which means I can finally frakking shave
which I will be doing over the course of
this video movie magic so Hank lately
I've been feeling like my life is
completely out of control you know how
it is you've got a few things slip
because you're busy and overwhelmed and
then one day you look up and you're like
oh my goodness I am a failed state of a
person sometimes you look at your life
and you don't even know where to start
making changes now Hank multiply that
problem times 180 million that's
Pakistan where to even start public
education Pakistan has a 40% of literacy
rate although it's dropping steadily and
for many families the only real
educational opportunity available to
their kids are at these mod races where
they spend all their time reading the
Quran without apparently ever reading
the parts where it talks about killing
women and children always being wrong
these mah dresses by the way are all
paid for with Saudi oil money which you
know used to be our money so good on us
so education not good right now
economics slightly better Pakistan's
economy has been growing in the last few
years
although the per capita GDP by
purchasing power is less than a thousand
dollars a year to radically oversimplify
that number on average people in
Pakistan live on less than $3 a day the
military strong to strong some might
argue the military is the only public
institution in Pakistan that people
trust and historically the military
likes to use that trust by throwing the
occasional coup but basically the reason
people trust the military and they don't
trust any other facet of the government
is that the military in Pakistan does
stuff like for instance the military is
trying to root out Taliban elements from
the Northwest part of Pakistan and even
though that war is unpopular in Pakistan
and seen as kind of unwinnable people
are still more likely to trust the
military than anybody else because at
least the military has like an agenda by
the way Hank I don't know if you've
noticed but I isolated a piece of cheek
beard it's like a hairy dimple what else
are government's supposed to do Rhodes
the Pakistani government is not good at
that police forces boy are they not good
at that one of the big problems in
Pakistan is that you can pass laws
there's just no way to enforce them and
in Pakistan right now there's just no
political leadership to change any of
this the President of Pakistan is the
widower of Benazir Bhutto who while
certainly controversial had at least
some political talent and was therefore
assassinated in late 2007 because the
Pakistani Taliban is always killing
talented politicians so now Pakistan has
a president whose primary qualification
is that he was once married to someone
and then there's no one good waiting in
the wings because I mean let's face it
would you want to be President of
Pakistan Hank there's like a 40% death
rate the Discovery Channel should make a
reality show about the dangers of that
job and so this is the conundrum the
rest of the world finds itself in here
is a nation with nuclear weapons and 180
million people a nation that borders
both the world's largest democracy and
one of the fastest growing countries in
India and crazypants Afghanistan people
want to help but where do you start you
start with education or infrastructure
or trying to limit corruption nobody
knows everyone's paralyzed and in the
meantime the Pakistani Taliban keep
killing moderate political leaders so
that's my non rhetorical question for
the day nerdfighters where do you start
and now Hank I announce your punishment
I might just keep it like this so Hank I
mathematically inclined nerdfighter
figured out that the extra two seconds
in the video for which you are being
punished cost the community of
nerdfighteria a total of 26 hours
because always watch like fifty five
thousand times well Hank we want our 26
hours back in your hometown of Missoula
Montana there is a target that target
opens at eight o'clock in the morning
you will be there when it opens and you
my dear brother will be there when it
closes fifteen hours later and in the
interim you will not leave the target I
wanted you to stay in the target for the
entire 26 hours but apparently the
target in Missoula Montana closes which
is unfortunate so to make up for the 11
hour difference you're going to have to
do a second punishment while you're
spending your 15 uninterrupted hours and
target you'll purchase a blender you
will take that blender to the target
restaurant where you will publicly blend
the meal of your choice and then eat it
or drink it depending on your
perspective Hank I'll see you tomorrow
mustache
