good morning Hank it's Sunday November
1st the first day of NaNoWriMo in case
you don't know what NaNoWriMo is it's
National Novel Writing Month an annual
event in which people try to write a
50,000 word novel in a single month but
Hank before I talk about NaNoWriMo I
think I need to discuss something that's
been on all of our minds my puffs it's
big Sarah pointed out the other day that
the puff has gotten so big that it's
kind of three puffs it's like baby puffs
baby puffs mommy puffs so I apologize if
the puff distracts you
so Mike when we first started brother in
2.0 back in 2007 when home ownership
seemed like a good investment in YouTube
with square all these nerdfighters
started asking me have you ever done
NaNoWriMo and I was like no everybody
knows it's impossible to write a good
book in a month which by the way is true
wait what about on the road
yeah contrary to popular legend on the
road wasn't written in a month it was
written in seven years okay I was wrong
about on the road what about no there is
no such thing as a good novel that gets
written in a month because hold on
pretentious McKay's hat let me finish my
point what about baby-sitters club
forty-three Claudia's sad goodbye oh
that is a great book seriously but it is
the exception that proves the rule and
as a rule no great book can be written
in a month that's it I've always really
admired the nerdfighters who take on the
NaNoWriMo challenge and this year I'm
gonna join them there are two things I
really love about NaNoWriMo one whether
you're writing for fun or as your job
writing requires discipline and it takes
a lot of discipline to write 50,000
words in 30 days secondly I'm
increasingly convinced that while no
great book can be written in a month no
great book can be written in a first
draft no matter how long it takes you to
write it books are made in revision for
all three of my novels I have deleted
more than 90% of the first draft and
everything that people like about my
books emerges in later drafts like miles
is obsession with the last words of
famous people in Looking for Alaska came
out and revision the crazy hunting
through rural Tennessee for a fuel hog
and an abundance of katherines revision
all that stuff about cartography and the
real meaning of paper town's revision
like if you want to think about it like
sculpture writing a first draft is like
digging the clay
out of the ground and the revision is
when you actually use the clay to like
build something that you like I am a
writer I come up with metaphors for a
living like that one see that was a good
example of first draft failure hey let's
edit that metaphor okay if you want to
make a chair your first draft is cutting
down the tree and then revision this
this is why my books take three years to
write what NaNoWriMo does for writers
young and old is give us permission to
suck so NaNoWriMo forces you to be
disciplined and it gives you permission
to suck which are two of the things you
most need if you're going to be a
novelist the other thing you need is an
adequate supply of snacks
I recommend Cub Scout popcorn so heck
I'm seriously going to try to write
50,000 words of a story over the next
month I will be updating you on my
progress every day at the Ning link in
the sidebar
and to my fellow nerdfighters who are
joining me on the crazy NaNoWriMo
adventure there's a group about it at
the Ning and we also have an official
discussion forum over at the NaNoWriMo
website and no I am NOT going to share
with you what I write over the course of
November if I'm lucky it'll be good
enough that I can spend the next two
years revising it okay I should probably
start writing but Hank you'll see me on
Tuesday
