good morning Hank it's Tuesday so
remember Brotherhood 2.0 resident
mathematician Daniel Biss he was a
friend of mine had a very successful
math professor at the University of
Chicago before deciding to leave that
job and run for political office
whereupon he eventually became a very
successful state senator yes so Daniel
is now running for governor of Illinois
like complete with fancy campaign ads
and everything and I have to say this
turn of events is a little surprising to
me because Daniel is the smartest person
I know and governor of Illinois seems
like a terrible job for one thing
Illinois politics are so dysfunctional
that the state regularly has no budget
and for another four of Illinois past
ten governors have been imprisoned for
corruption and incarceration rate that
is you know somewhat higher than the
ones seen among professors of
mathematics anyway what interests me
most is that Daniel deep down wants to
work in government to help people and
because he believes in democracy and
he's actually been very successful as a
state senator he led the passage of
legislation to increase retirement
savings and a ban on so-called
conversion therapy for LGBT people but
to accomplish that he's had to wade
through this vast gridlocked swamp of US
politics and also he's had to attend
many many meetings I think sometimes
when we talk about politics or the news
people in comments will be like why
don't you run for office and the short
answer is that being a politician means
going to meetings all the time and I
hate meetings with the white-hot passion
like what I'm forced to attend a meeting
by far my most common contribution is to
say so are we done then I usually start
saying that like 12 seconds into a
meeting and then repeated mantra like
until finally I am released
it's like tangent the other day I was
playing ping-pong with Stan and I was
telling him how happy I am about the
crash courses in computer science and
world mythology and he was like yeah you
want to do some more crash course
literature in the fall and I was like
maybe and he was like we could read 1984
some other and I was like wait a second
Stan did you just use the magic of ping
pong to trick me into a damn meeting so
anyway more crash course literature
coming this fall but to return to the
point politicians have to attend so many
meetings like say you're running for
governor here in my home state of
Indiana you have to have tons of
meetings with rich people to ask them
for money and then every day you have to
have meetings with strangers all around
the state to hear their concerns many of
these people will disagree with your
political positions and will never vote
for you and yet you have to listen to
them like a grown-up and resist the urge
to cover your ears and say
then you have to shake hands with these
strangers even though human hands are
notoriously filthy and handshakes always
remind you of that story about someone
coming up to James Joyce and saying can
I kiss the hand that wrote Ulysses enjoy
saying no because it's done so many
other things as well and then if you're
good enough at shaking hands and meeting
with rich people and meeting at town
halls and meeting with other elected
officials etc literally ad nauseam you
get to be governor at which point you
basically become a profession of a
tender of meetings like Hank do you know
what the governor of Indiana is doing
right now he is attending a public
meeting of the Indiana Economic
Development Corporation I mean if
there's a hell and I end up there I will
spend eternity thinking well at least
I'm not in a meeting of the Indiana
Economic Development Corporation so yeah
my hatred of meetings among other things
would make me a terrible elected
official but that doesn't mean that
elected officials are terrible in fact
the only one I know is among the kindest
most thoughtful people I've ever met and
no matter your political leanings you'd
be lucky to have him as your governor
now of course too many politicians do
embody our caricatures of them but our
system of government depends upon daniel
and the many many people like him people
who are passionate and honest public
servants and who are willing to attend
many many meetings so that I don't have
to we desperately need those people in
government so Daniel thank you good look
I know you're running against a few
billionaires but I believe in you Hank
I'll see you on Friday and the screen I
see no self care bunny rosianna self
care bunny is now available and
beautiful poster form at dftba.com also
a lot of you have been asking about the
boxes in the background I don't know
what's in them but in a completely
unrelated story as you might know there
is a scavenger hunt happening there's a
different riddle every week it's a
little bit complicated I'll explain more
in the doobly-do but for those of you
who like riddles this week's clue
actually is self-care bunny
well rearranged
