good morning Hank it's Tuesday and I'm
here in Columbus Ohio getting ready for
a nerdfighter gathering and I got to
make a video because otherwise I will be
punished but I have amazingly awesome
news you may remember that a few weeks
ago they also branch of the American
Library Association announced that Paper
Towns was one of the 25 finalists for
the teens top ten award which is an
award voted on by actual teams you know
it's like a popularity contest
so Paper Towns is up against a lot of
great books like The Hunger Games and
HELOC arts the disreputable history of
frankie landau banks and the last
Twilight book so Hank 11,000 people
voted and I won I'd be futuristic
dystopia and hot vampires and then
because I won the Bella Twins who are
like professional wrestlers held my book
and said my name never underestimate the
power of nerdfighters Hank anyway so
here's the video I made for y'all so to
celebrate nerdfighters thank you so much
for voting for Paper Towns I can't
believe I won a popularity contest me a
gigantic nerd hi my name is John Green
and as you can probably tell from my
incredibly impressive physique I am a
professional wrestler and I can't tell
you how profoundly grateful I am that
teenagers in America have voted me their
favorite professional wrestler for 2009
hey John what a few things first you
didn't win any award having to do with
your wrestling you won an award for your
book Paper Towns and second you're not a
professional wrestler and third you do
not have an impressive physique you're
saying that in a popularity contest my
book about Walt Whitman beat Stephenie
Meyer's book about hot vampires I'm so
shocked by this that I honestly don't
know if I would have been more surprised
to win the award for best professional
wrestler 2009 first I want to say how
grateful I am to all the teenagers who
participated in the teens top ten I mean
particularly those of you who voted for
me but also the rest of you and how
grateful I am to all the made of Awesome
librarians who get great books to kids
this award is particularly meaningful
because it's chosen by teenagers and I
respect and admire teenagers as readers
so much I also want to say thanks to the
American Library Association and to the
WWE for all they do to support teen
reading particularly the Bella Twins
because you know they're strong and if I
don't think them they will beat me up
thanks again to everyone who read Paper
Towns and responded to it so positively
don't forget to be awesome
Hank I'll see you singing tomorrow best
wishes
and how's it going making a video myself
I guess broadly speaking
