good morning John it's one of those
Fridays again on which I make videos and
today I'm making a video unlike any
other I've ever made on vlogbrothers
it's a video that contains no cuts I'm
just going to talk and I'm going to talk
to you for four minutes and then it's
going to be over everything's going to
stay in confessional style how do you
decide what to do with any given moment
it's a big important question that maybe
we don't ask ourselves all the time I
have had a system for the last 10 years
that's worked pretty well and that is
basically been do whatever you want
let's bar like it's more like do
whatever needs doing right like I feel
very compelled by my obligations and I
have two main sources of obligations I
want to talk about so there's there's
one that's like this is a thing that I
can do that not a lot of other people
could do or pull off and it would be
good and like I just want it to exist
and the obligation it's almost to the
idea itself or to the universe itself
just to make this thing exist and I like
that's what pushes me to make new stuff
like like create art but also like make
scishow or crash course or like we
recently relaunched how to adult because
I just think that's a thing that should
exist in the world and we made a podcast
HFS holy freaking science which is like
an adult language podcast where we get
really excited like too excited about
science and hang out hanging out with
friends it's really fun and like those
are things that I feel like that isn't
super great they should exist I could
help them exist in a way that other
people may not be able to because I have
tools that other people don't have
access to and then there's like the
obligation to the existing ideas kind of
like this is less exciting but it's it's
more it's there's more it's more
compelling because there are people
relying on it there are people who love
the thing and wanted to keep existing my
obligation to like the attendees at
VidCon I have an obligation to all the
creators to come to VidCon I have an
obligation to nerdfighteria to you John
and like these aren't things I resent
like they are push me to make things
make them well and I need that and like
we just want wizard school like wizard
school the game now it exists people are
playing it they like it but there's a
bunch of Kickstarter perks that we
haven't sent out yet and I feel terrible
about it I'm sorry if you're one of
those people like those obligations I
need to push me to do stuff but also two
things happened at the same time this
year after ten years I really don't feel
this way that changed this strategy for
me like a like at the same time weirdly
the election happened which made me
think like there are a lot of things
that need protecting and then I might
not be doing a good job of of like
making the world better in in the best
ways I can and maybe I should have been
thinking about that before the election
I definitely should have but like now I
feel I feel like it is more pressing
than ever and and that has changed sort
of like what I'm thinking about like
like how I prioritize things and then
there's a baby and like like but like
that at any given moment he is always
for the rest of my life my child is
going to be my prime obligation and
that's a new thing for me and if I get
any given moment it's like hey Dad what
are you doing and I'm like I got a stuff
to do and he's like but me I got cheeks
and I'm like you're right impenetrable
argument child so that's it's a
situation I'm in and basically what it
means is that like the systems that I
used to use aren't necessarily the best
systems for my current life and that's
okay
I just have to create new systems and
that is a little bit difficult and
painful sometimes but figuring it out
and it's 100% worth it
John I'll see you on Tuesday
