good morning Hank it's Tuesday so you
know the Obamacare insurance exchanges
that depending on your political
perspective are either the cause of or
the solution to so many of America's
health care problems only about 6% of
Americans actually get their insurance
through those exchanges now that's
obviously very important to those six
percent of people but it's by far the
smallest slice of the American health
insurance pie and I think the relentless
focus on them in our political discourse
speaks to a larger inability to have for
lack of a better phrase a grown up
conversation about health care
okay so health care is very complicated
and I'm going to paint this in the
broadest possible strokes if you want
far more information about health and
health care please check out healthcare
triage but let's start with what health
insurance does health insurance takes
money from healthy people and uses it to
buy care for sick people you can do this
through private insurance which pulls
people together and takes money from
them in the form of monthly premiums or
you can do it through a public insurer
which pulls people together and takes
money from them in the form of taxes in
the United States we have both almost
everyone over the age of 65 is in this
publicly funded insurance pool called
Medicare many military veterans are in a
similar pool run by the Veterans
Administration and there's a third
publicly funded pool that covers many
low-income and disabled Americans called
Medicaid but just over half of Americans
get their insurance through private
insurers this includes the six percent
of people who are covered through the
Obamacare exchanges but mostly people
who get their insurance from their
employers because large companies are
required to offer health insurance plans
to their employees then you have the
nine percent of Americans who don't have
any health insurance at all that number
has dropped a lot in the last five years
but it's still higher than any other
wealthy nation so the current US health
care system is widely considered to be
if I can use a technical term bananas we
spend so so much on health care about
18% of our total economic output goes to
health care the average among other
wealthy nations is closer to 12% and we
also don't get particularly good health
care outcomes like we come up short in
many many metrics including life
expectancy where we trail countries like
Chile and Slovenia both of which spend
less than 10% of their GDP on health
care and for the record both of which
also have higher rates of tobacco usage
now you would think with lots of private
participation in health care markets
costs would be driven down right like
private companies can make refrigerators
or cars much better than governments can
make refrigerators or cars but
healthcare is a weird market on a few
level
first there's the problem of inelastic
demand like if I need a medicine to keep
me alive
I can't effectively negotiate the price
of that medication because in the end
I'm going to pay whatever it costs and
then there's the problem of competition
being something of an illusion like for
instance if you're having a heart attack
it's generally not considered a good
idea to call around to a bunch of area
hospitals to find out who has the best
deal on heart surgery this week
there should be competition among
private insurers but plans are often
extremely confusing like you might pay
less upfront and think you're getting a
good deal only to find out later that
what you need to be covered isn't
covered like it's hard to compare
cellphone claims effectively let alone
health insurance plans that might or
might not cover literally thousands of
different procedures plus having your
insurance status depend partly on
whether you work for a big company is a
huge disincentive to innovation and
entrepreneurship it tells people don't
start a new business don't strike out on
your own because you won't be able to
get affordable health insurance so all
in all we've ended up with a healthcare
system where more tax dollars per person
go to publicly funded health care than
in most other countries and yet we don't
have publicly funded health care for
most people and most Americans agree on
this only about 32 percent of us think
that our health care system is good or
excellent and yet around 70% of
Americans think that their personal
health care is good or excellent and
therein lies the problem most serious
reform proposals would involve big
changes for many people in that 70% and
that the Republican Party has lately
learned it's easy to talk about health
care reform in the abstract but when you
put pen to paper it gets complicated
so all health care reform boils down to
three factors quality cost and access
Obama care sought to improve access it
didn't do much to change quality or cost
and to do that it spent a huge amount of
money like a trillion dollars in the
first decade now it increased some taxes
and cut some spending so as to be
deficit-neutral but it spent a lot of
money to get a lot of people health
insurance so today fewer people are
uninsured but it costs a lot to get
there that was betrayed off the
Republican bill sought to reduce
government spending on health care but
that also comes with trade-offs in this
case it would have resulted in millions
of people losing their insurance which
was a hard sell to moderate Republicans
so the GOP bill offered tax credits to
help people buy private insurance but
that meant more spending which made it a
hard sell to conservative Republicans
like the ACA itself the GOP bill would
not have done a lot to a
the overall cost of health care in the
United States or the fact that our
quality of care isn't great because to
have those conversations we need to
accept that as healthcare triage always
says trade-offs are inevitable side note
I just realized that my collar is turned
so I fixed that but I bet it was
annoying to a lot of you sorry
right so the most common we said is
tuition to the US healthcare problem is
a single-payer healthcare system or
Medicare for all of us Bernie Sanders
calls it and this proposal all Americans
would be able to get the kind of
publicly funded insurance that seniors
now get and studies have shown that this
would lower overall US health care costs
although probably not to the rate seen
in most European countries still there
would be less money spent on
administration and advertising and also
on care itself because a bigger
insurance pool can negotiate prices more
aggressively and this would be like a
huge insurance pool but there are
trade-offs like it's accurate to say
that Medicare for all would lower
overall US health care costs it's also
accurate to say that it would cost
hundreds of thousands of jobs and many
of them would be good paying jobs from
medical device sales people to insurance
adjusters to marketing managers and with
less money being spent per procedure
lots of other people would see their
incomes go down including many doctors
and nurses also it would be good to
spend 12 percent of our GDP on health
care instead of 18 percent if we could
get similar outcomes but there is a word
for what happens when six percent of
your total economy goes away overnight
recession now the economy would recover
and reallocate capital fairly quickly
but it wouldn't be painless it's also
important to note that we currently have
a single-payer health care system in the
United States in Medicare and it's not a
bargain compared to other single-payer
systems around the world it's very
expensive because we resist the kind of
government regulations and price
controls that are ultimately necessary
to rein in spending so a single-payer
system on its own would not solve all of
our problems and there would be
trade-offs alternately some on the right
have argued that to increase competition
and that market forces work it's
necessary to dramatically scale back or
even eliminate government funding for
health care and that too might lower
prices but at the cost of many millions
of people losing insurance
similarly decreasing regulation might
lower prices but it increases the risks
of being treated by an inadequately
trained professional or taking an unsafe
medication trade-offs we can talk about
over-regulation or tort reform or
marketplaces or competition but none of
them will be a magic bullet
there is no magical solution with our
healthcare system where everyone wins
and no one loses now we can continue to
make incremental changes like the ACA or
alternatives to its but as dr. Carroll
put it on Twitter however you want to
reform healthcare there will be
trade-offs those who promise you
everything are lying if we want a better
healthcare system in the United States
we need to talk openly about those
trade-offs because when we allow
ourselves to be pandered to our elected
leaders seem more than happy to oblige
us Hank I'll see you on Friday
