good morning Hank it's Sunday it's
Newsday and today the news is no more
wall actually that's not the real news
today we're going to talk about sex
specifically the sex of distance runner
caster Semenya so Hank caster Semenya is
an eighteen-year-old South African
runner who bursts out of nowhere to win
the 800 meter race at the World
Championships in Berlin and then some of
our competitors said that Semenya had a
distinct advantage in the women's 800
meter race the advantage of not being a
woman so this poor 18 year old had to
undergo a gender test and it's now being
widely reported that Semenya may have an
intersex conditions specifically
androgen insensitivity syndrome androgen
insensitivity syndrome is this thing
where chromosomal e you may be a woman
but you have small undescended testes
now I'm before we go any further I want
to say that a lot of teenagers sometimes
feel uncomfortable about their bodies
and they can be quite vulnerable to
teasing I just want everyone to take a
moment to imagine how it would feel to
have millions of people around the world
discussing your internal testes Hank
even though caster Semenya is only 18
she's responded to all of this
heroically by saying she's proud to be
the person God made her and she's proud
of her achievements and that she is a
woman now a lot of people say that the
complaints of caster Semenya competitors
are just sour grapes Hank remember that
time that I said sour grapes and talked
about internal testes in the same video
I love my job but I would argue that the
problem is not with semenya or her
competitors but with sports itself so
Hank we like to think of sex as an
either/or proposition you're either male
or female
even though about 1% of human beings are
born neither male nor female but with
some kind of intersex condition hanging
my friend Lauren McLaughlin wrote about
all of this in a really interesting blog
post linked in the sidebar and she
argued that sports is basically an
attempt to remove ambiguity from the
human condition like one of the problems
with the human condition is that no
victory is ever final or assured right
that's why you don't put a mission
accomplished banner on your aircraft
carrier being a person means never
really knowing if you can celebrate like
a wedding is wonderful unless it leads
to divorce winning the lottery is
awesome unless it allows you to develop
the cocaine habit you've always wanted
in life all the things that we wish
could be clear and unambiguous like
victory and love and sex never end up
being clear sports allows us to have
that
of ambiguity so often when people win
trophies in sports they hold it up and
say they can't take this away from us
they say that because in the non sports
world fraught with ambiguity everything
else can be taken away
you always hear sports guys say like
sports is like life but what we love
about sports is that it's not like life
there's no room for ambiguity in sports
that's why we have photo finishes an
instant replay and that's also why
sports will always be well fun kind of
insufficient Hank it seems to me that
the people who failed here are the
administrators of the sport who should
have decided in advance whether Semenya
would be eligible to compete and as
always in sports we're going to have to
live with some dumb arbitrary but
unambiguous rule it's been widely
reported that some men use testosterone
levels fall within the range of normal
for a woman in which case she should be
allowed to compete with women but
regardless Hank I for one will remember
caster Semenya spur formance on and off
the track as unambiguously heroic Hank
you'll see me tomorrow cue the outro
