good morning Hank it's Friday special
Friday video well not that special
actually I don't want to raise your
expectations too much today's video
comes to you in five parts part one the
wall is as you have no doubt noticed
still there yes Hank the Great Wall fail
of 2009 continues to be both a wall and
a fail although I have made some
progress over there in the bottom corner
you can see the great white wall of cow
being ridden by the dread pirate
fireball Wilson Roberts then I wrote the
wall was a unicorn on the wall to try to
motivate me to bring it down because you
know I hate unicorns but even that
didn't work part to your song Hank your
song was incredibly good and I loved it
but it made me think about why we like
those crime shows even though they're so
predictable so when the Eddie and I
watched television which isn't that
often one of the things we like to do is
watch an episode of CSI and then
immediately follow it up with an episode
of the first 48 which is the show on A&E
about actual forensic experts and actual
detectives investigating actual crimes
because on CSI David Caruso has to like
out master the master serial killer and
has to like take off his glasses all the
time and say like I don't think you were
playing the marimba I think you were
playing the murderer inba whereas on the
first 48 and in all real-life murders
the detective always has to end up like
holding the murderer as the murderer
balls because he feels so bad about
getting drunk and killing his friend or
whatever like CSI and all the shows like
it give you the delusion that evil is
some uncomplicated thing living inside
of certain people and not others and I
think we all deeply want to believe the
lie that evil is something outside of us
and we can be like hey evil I got you
with my screwdriver so that's why I
think we ultimately watch these shows
over and over again well that and also I
think our brains like stories that make
sense and one of the main differences
between stories and real life and
stories on TV is that stories on TV
makes sense anyway great song just
wanted to say it made me think about all
that stuff part three why don't we have
any nerdfighters in Antarctica I didn't
say that right I don't know Hank but
this is a fixable situation noted
awesome girl and parcel mouth Kristina
Horner wants to go to Antarctica and all
we need to do to get her there is to
vote for her in a contest link in the
sidebar Hank I don't want to get ahead
of myself but if we can get Kristina to
Antarctica that could potentially mean
that we could have video
taped happy dances from nerdfighters on
all seven continents part four Tom's
Hank I have two things to tell you about
Tom's first Ming Master Tom is now
officially the senior executive
nerdfighter he is the head of all of the
Ning and he's going to make it much more
awesome for everyone because Hank you
and I have been failing so epically so
everyone go to nerdfighters comm it's
about to get way better although I think
it is already great and I want to say a
special thank you to all the Ning
masters who have made the Ning so
awesome for the last several months the
other time I have to tell you about is
our original secret brother Tom Hank I
have great news about secret brother Tom
he is running for office in the city of
Cambridge Massachusetts if you live in
Cambridge you should work for slash vote
for him link in the sidebar and more
generally I can't say how excited I am
to see nerdfighters seeking political
office so that we can push forward our
political agenda which is of course to
mandate the addition of in your pants to
the end of book titles and to increase
funding for the real v√∂lva ng of
puppy-sized elephants part five contest
winners so I'm giving away a copy of the
paperback of Paper Towns every day for
the next two weeks to my favorite ten
word comment or Paper Towns related
video slash song I just added that to
the contest but if you want to make a
Paper Towns video or song that would be
so awesome Hank the first three days of
this contest has actually seen four
winners because I was lying when I said
I only had 14 books I actually have more
than that
the first winner is nerdfighter Astro
Graff who's 10 word comment was to end
his shame Willy requires a dose of
Viagra
the second winner is nerdfighter Valerie
27 76 whose walk at summary of Paper
Towns was I'm in your minivans peeing in
your bluefin bottles third belle stir 24
who kind of made me tear up a little
when she said your books have changed my
life and I'm so grateful and the fourth
book so far goes to sensi kitty who
commented in eizan's words admiration is
the furthest thing from understanding
hey you'll see me on Sunday but not
before you see the new outro
