good morning hex I'm a 100 questions
four minutes go
how many puffs of puff puff puff puff
puff six what kind of dog is Willie the
barky kind how will the world end win
for not bang
favorite picture book little pee in your
pants do you like your bubble head Nikon
or Canon Canon favorite Disney movie
Fantasia
would you ever get a cat the yetis
allergic favorite your high school
senior
well Paper Towns we published in France
Japan school we are you a ninja P oh ah
no cheese height tick one who that is
Hank he's a massive incandescent gas how
long via the puffs longtime favorite
Hank song anglerfish can I hug you
now right now I'm answering questions
why because I said so new story true
your old trilogy come on Big Macs and
whoppers fitness challenges where is the
puppy do you like apples favorite band
the mountain goats second favorite band
still the mountain goats third favorite
band
Hank boy favorite band then back to the
mountain goats favorite shirt paper or
plastic tote bags favorite scent white
musk did you like the Hunger Games
yes Argyle double yes what's next
favorite city Amsterdam
first job Steak and Shake Ikea
bookshelves Star Wars or Star Trek will
you run a sequel to Looking for Alaska
vomit on did you like Kenyon wait when
April joy sir Yeats choice this video
editing software final cut anagram 11 +
2 12 + 1 riddle pwned liquor Mario Mario
what's the meaning of life other people
why you sweat so much it's hot favorite
time period now are you worried about
balding geez I was until you mentioned
it but now I am
can you speak Klingon look like Oh poop
ie Alaska wings you're Margo Margo
unstoppable force or removable object
force who monkeys what monkeys wear in
your pants when now why I don't know you
got some bananas in there or something
what's a question it's like a statement
only tins like this vulnera Whitman
Whitman reach your boxers boxers
favorite arcade game nerdfighters you
were shown a different name there's a
guy in the US Marines whose real name is
Lance Corporal max fight master I
wouldn't mind being Lance Corporal max
fight master worst president you can it
catch you for mustard no no no
that job actually not that good at the
main course socks or Yankees clothes
favorite type of pie the mathematical
constant type whatever word together The
Accidental in your rain your burgers and
fries annoying distraction or pleasant
surprise pleasant surprise favorite play
Hamlet Where's Waldo by the cotton candy
what's up not much I'm just trying to
answer on your questions in four minutes
favorite teacher first grade miss Newton
one thing you can't live without water
who loves you baby my mom favorite
Beatle John favorite color green see see
what I did there
Monet or man a man a zoo near far
sighted near how's the weather do you
like pizza mi tu nerdy do you like your
iPhone worst impulse-buy sunny yes no
yes and this shirt pie or cake pink
who's your hero this guy glasses
prescription about that favorite veggie
no no no no no Ricardo Kirk Picard
muffins
yes nirvana sure hope or despair hope am
i cool your jokes
Colin or choo-choo lefty righty do you
want me yes are you happy almost this is
the last question no if it's the last
question yes I'll see you on Tuesday Oh
Oh hi I'm a hot mess
