good morning John President Trump
suggested a budget to the American
people yesterday let's try and
understand that budget quickly and
simply first there are a bunch of
programs like Medicare Medicaid
unemployment in Social Security that
would require much more work to change
and those are left untouched those
things and some other stuff called
mandatory spending takes up 73% of the
US budget these clocks here represent
the 1 trillion sixty four billion
dollars that is discretionary spending
in the US every block is a billion
dollars so there's one thousand sixty
four blocks on this page let's look at
how things stand today keeping in mind
that this is just the 27 percent of the
budget that is discretionary about five
hundred and ninety blocks are the
military more than half the total Health
and Human Services is 84 blocks
Veterans Affairs is another 75 education
sixty-eight blocks Housing and Urban
Development 47 homeland security 41
State Department of International AIDS
38 energy 30 agriculture 23 blocks NASA
20 transportation 18 labor 12 Treasury
which is like the IRS and some other
stuff 12 blocks commerce 9 blocks the
EPA is 8 blocks the Corporation for
Public Broadcasting half a block and a
bunch of other tiny stuff that adds up a
little bit so keeping in mind that this
is a suggested budget that will change a
great deal as it is turned into law by
Congress what do we see changing the
Trump budget increases the military by
52 blocks a 10 percent increase enough
to pay for the entire current budgets of
the EPA the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting the Transportation
Department and NASA with some leftover
that money is slated to increase the
number of people serving in the Army and
the Marines and increase the number of
jet fighters and warships we have and
broadly to quote accelerate the war
against Isis four and a half blocks go
to Veterans Affairs earmarks for health
care programs also increasing by about
three blocks as Homeland Security which
will be dedicated largely to border
control a full block and a half going to
detention and removal of undocumented
immigrants 2 and a half blocks going to
the down payment to build a big
beautiful wall you might have noticed
that that added up to more than 3 blocks
there are also some cuts within Homeland
Security
mostly counterterrorism stuff and that's
it pretty increases now let's go through
how those things are paid for without
dramatically increasing the budget 13
blocks are going to come out of Health
and Human Services including the
low-income Home Energy Assistance
Program which basically helps poor
people stay warm in the winter
but it also includes cutting six blocks
out of the National Institutes of Health
for biomedical research one of the
largest sources of research funding in
the world eleven blocks are to be
eliminated from the State Department
international aid would be largely gone
climate change initiatives at the UN
would lose all their funding and u.s.
contributions to UN peacekeeping would
be reduced the Department of Education
loses more than nine blocks which will
eliminate college scholarship programs
for the poor federal work-study programs
and before and after school programs for
low-income kids an increase of 1.5
billion dollars within education would
go to a private school voucher program
almost 5 lakhs come out of a bunch of
different programs into the Department
of Agriculture including international
food aid rural development and
conservation funding more than four
blocks are eliminated from Housing and
Urban Development which includes funding
for meals on wheels affordable housing
and anti-poverty programs 2.5 locks come
out of the EPA a total of 30 percent of
its budget the hardest hit of any agency
by percent 3,200 jobs and 50 agencies
would go as well as funding for the
clean power plan regulations designed to
curb greenhouse gas emissions two and a
half blocks come out of the Labor
Department mostly by eliminating job
programs for seniors poor young people
and the unemployed 1.7 billion is taken
out of the Department of Energy the 1.4
billion dollars of do a funding will
also be moved internally and put toward
increasing management of our nuclear
weapons arsenal decreases come out of
programs supporting development of
advanced and future clean energy
technology the Department of the
Interior loses a block and a half
funding that supports wildlife refuges
and national heritage areas and the
acquisition of new federally protected
land one block comes out of a Department
of Justice mostly because of decreasing
prison populations which is actually
good news all around and NASA gets a
small cut which comes almost entirely
out of the parts that study the Earth's
climate oh what's that little block over
there that's probably not important
right just one block that contains oh
yeah the entire National Endowment for
the Arts the National Endowment for the
Humanities the Institute of Museum and
Library Services and the entire budget
for the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting which supports public TV
and radio all those things all together
one block under Trump's budget they
don't exist anymore that is basically
very basically because there are
thousands of programs within these
departments and knowing which ones do
what is not going to fit into a fun
little youtube video but basically what
this budget asks for and now it goes off
to the House and Senate to get argued
about
tirelessly there is a lot in here that
many or even most think is worth
fighting for an enormous amount of lost
funding for scientific research both in
clean energy and medicine a lot of lost
funding for resources for the elderly
and disadvantaged populations an almost
wholesale elimination of international
aid and pretty much anything to do with
climate science is just gone in reality
Congress is going to have huge problems
with this budget and if Trump's tax cuts
are taken seriously even with these
budget cuts it will be an extremely
unbalanced budget that's all I got I
counted to a thousand a lot today John
I'll see you on Tuesday
