good morning Hank it's Sunday July
something Hank by now I think we've
established that nerdfighters should not
treat the vlogbrothers as a calendar and
today we're going to talk about Iran and
monolithic enemies but first let's talk
about what shawne's up to in Bangladesh
so Hank Neuer nerdfighters may not know
this but we have a guy in Bangladesh
named Sean who's boning poverty for us
well not just for us also with us
because he uses our money to help poem
the poverty sean has an amazing new
video about what he's doing in
Bangladesh these days check it out in
the sidebar god I hope it's over this
way I don't have any spatial
intelligence I always point in the wrong
direction
so I'd since I made a video about the
rigged presidential election in Iran a
few weeks ago I've been reading a lot of
amazingly stupid YouTube comments I
think I know a lot of people think that
it's redundant to say amazingly stupid
YouTube comments and that I could just
have shortened it to YouTube comments
but the fact is that nerdfighter
comments on YouTube are generally so
thoughtful and respectful that I'm
always kind of shocked when the non
nerdfighters show up and they're all
giant squids of anger II like so we've
just to clear things up I want to answer
a few questions and I apologize in
advance if I start ranting 1 why do you
care about Iran Iran is Iran's problem
why don't you care about America ok
caring about America and caring about
Iran are not mutually exclusive it's not
like Iran is pirates and America is
ninjas and we all have to pick sides
between them ninjas
it is true that Iranians have to solve
Iran's problems in the same way that
Americans have to solve America's
problems but it's amazingly stupid to
pretend that America and Iran don't have
anything to do with one another I mean
we share a frickin planet I like the
planet in terms of places I might live
this planet is like my second favorite
after Mars and I would totally go live
on Mars and stop worrying about America
and Iran but unfortunately I'm no good
at terraforming nerd jokes nerd jokes
nerd jokes number two don't you know it
doesn't matter who the president of Iran
is because no matter who is president
the same Grand Ayatollah will still be
the supreme leader yes I do understand
that but it still matters who the
president of Iran is first off it
matters to the Iranian people because
akhmad Energon has single-handedly
ruined the Iranian economy and has let
loose these horrifying morality police
second off it matters to the world
because before Ahmadinejad was president
they had a less crazy president and
things were better between Iran and the
rest of the world third what does it
matter they're all Muslims who want to
destroy America okay your question
presupposes that Islam is a single
monolithic thing which is just not
factual no religious tradition is ever
only one thing all religious traditions
are massively diverse like I am a
Christian but theologically I probably
have more in common with some liberal
Muslims than I do with some conservative
Christians religion is not just a set of
practices or a singular monolithic
belief system religion is a response to
Revelation and different people respond
to Revelation differently we cannot
continue to assume that each religion
represents only one set of ideas the
protesters are inspired by Islam those
who fight the protesters are inspired by
Islam the work we're doing in Bangladesh
is inspired by Islam and the corrupt
government of Bangladesh is inspired by
Islam it is not just one thing with
every revelation some people respond by
making the world better and some respond
by making it worse which is true of
religious revelations and secular ones
alike the revelation isn't the problem
we are Hank you'll see me on Tuesday
