alright Henry what should be the topic
of my question Tuesday video house
what's my question do the video be about
monkey turtles good morning Hank it's
Tuesday it's question Tuesday the day
that I answer real questions from real
nerdfighters about pokemons and monkey
turtles oh and welcome to Reunion video
we're all here together in the desert I
don't know what monkey turtles are I
also didn't know what a monkey turtle
was so I asked Alice and she said it's a
monkey that turns into a turtle right
Yeah right for why oh I asked her that
and she said for protection then I asked
Alice how big monkey turtles were and
she said 100 big big well or not true
depends on if it's millimeter you didn't
to learn unit talking to Alice is like
talking to a not very good AI she's like
a bad chat but yeah she said to me uncle
Hank I got this new water bottle and I
said is it better than your old water
bottle and she said it's pink together
is purple like it's like I asked you a
question you entered a different
question where I kind of we're on the
same topic she's also like a chat but in
that a lot of times if you ask her a
question she'll say I don't want to talk
about that what is your favorite Pokemon
and why is it Charizard it's not
Charizard its Snorlax because these cute
and large and powerful mine is Andrew
Andrew you have you have you seen Andrew
Pokemon to see a monkey turtle Mel is
just a guy plays guitar what pokemon
could best keep a steady job Oh probably
Andrew put it in your head Charizard
managing like a Wendy's and it's like
the grill breaks you just brought all
the burger oh my god he can't cook the
burger oh wow what is the most
underrated Pokemon oh I think the most
underrated Pokemon is surfing Pikachu
I'm gonna go with like the the wiggle +
J glue puff or uh spike ladder spike
ladder that's a real one Jason you asked
Henry what he wants to be when he grows
up he says inventor and then he follows
it and says of Pokemon John yes how can
I be the very best like no one ever was
come on if you had to permanently dye
your hair a non-natural color what would
it be silver
woo oh you're getting there already I
know I'm on my way
I was in college I thought to myself I
want to have a job when I turned 40 I
can get a mohawk mm-hmm and how I do hey
welcome to crash course biochemistry
it's me your cool teacher Hank with the
40 year old mobile doesn't all value
derive from humans mmm no I just want to
say for the record Hank is not taller
than I am it's just that he is standing
on a rock well I was downhill Hank what
is your favorite adjective to throw in
when you want to spice up a sentence
spicy I don't like that at all what do
you think of that three-point shot Hank
spicy I don't want to be like my friends
will be like yeah Hank the one who says
spicy all the time oh yeah Hank spicy
green they call him oh shoot who would
win in a fight between a monkey turtle
and a turtle monkey oh definitely a
monkey turtle because it could turn into
a turtle for protection what is your
favorite type of plate Oh for me it's
the kind that the Earth's crust is on
whoo I mean those are good sometimes you
had a really fancy restaurant and then
the plate on the table before the food
comes out and then they take that plate
away yes and I'm like what was that
right why was that plate there yeah just
in case playing it to me just in case
plate would you rather have c-3po in
your house or r2d2 r2d2 because like
whenever I hang out with you I kind of
feel like I do have c-3po in my house
it's true hey what pokemon do you think
looks the most like you I don't know
either but I'm excited to find out from
my viewers isn't mr. mime the only one
that walks on two feet uh I mean like
it's vaguely human state I don't know of
a greater insult than saying that
someone looks like mr. mime we're going
to go keep walking so goodbye friends
bye I'll see you now you want to see our
incredibly sophisticated tripod by the
way it's Hanks wallet and two rocks dude
ooh
