good morning Hank and welcome to cooking
with John the show where we make and eat
disgusting things in our last episode
you'll no doubt remember I made and ate
a blender I've mcdonald's happy meal
today we're going to eat the nutritional
equivalent of some Carl's jr. specialty
burger but instead of eating the burger
itself we're going to eat its
constituent parts so fat corn syrup salt
and of course protein um I got this
strawberry flavored protein because it
was cheaper so that will probably be a
regret of mine also of course a
hamburger bun I got the wheat buns
because you know I'm watching my figure
so we're going to have a quarter cup of
pure unadulterated Crisco fat that is
one teaspoon of high fructose corn syrup
in the form of Mrs Butterworth and we're
going to have 1 teaspoon salt and two
scoops of soy protein strawberry
flavored now we're going to turn it on
and we're gonna turn this into a
delicious smush do you think it's gonna
be better or worse than the blender eyes
happy meal
umm better really yeah just consistency
wise Ivana Antonia was the worst event
of my life I think having the bun yeah
as a like familiar element right will
help it considerably it's just a
sandwich you know just on that sandwich
I kind of have a new fear what's your
new fear like it you think I'm gonna
like it
ah and I'm gonna be like baby make me a
fat sandwich strawberry flavor
please time for the sexy close-up Hank
look at that beautiful fat sandwich
alright Hank I'm gonna eat this
scriber turn it's fine delicious
unfortunately it's really good the
strawberry flavor is amazing and it's
salty and sugary and fatty mmm okay hey
I'm about halfway through my uh my
burger um and it is starting to taste
pretty bad that first bite was delicious
and now I feel kind of sick but I'm just
going to power through its really nasty
now it's really nasty now I'm just gonna
freeze it right there Hank because a lot
of young people watch our videos and
they don't need to see a 31 year old man
having what is known in competitive
eating circles as a reversal of fortune
back to it oh god the commitment I love
you nerdfighters
I did it just like regular fast food the
first couple bites were delicious and
then it became progressively grosser and
then I vomited and then I managed
continue eating to pay for their penance
I will answer the first three hundred
and seventeen questions asked in
comments particularly if they're at the
Ning Hank I'll see you tomorrow
