morning John hmm you know how I said
that I will ask the charge to my
camcorder well I did and I don't have
any way to record this video so I'm
lucky enough to have a lot of footage
that I took off at mom and dad's house
some of it quite graphic I mean it's not
like two girls in one cup or anything
like look these are baby chicks and
these are just pigs and these are two
girl pigs mounting each other are
nothing wrong with that but coming up as
something that is a little bit
disturbing it is a goat giving birth to
a baby goat and while it's not two girls
in one cup material I would not mind if
you people pause the video right now and
then film yourself watching this because
I want to see your reaction because I
couldn't see my own and frankly I would
like to have been able to see my own
reaction to this o goat birth in my
opinion what you're about to hear sounds
like a Velociraptor puking and what
you're about to see looks like a goat
giving birth to a baby goat so pause now
record if you would like to show me your
reaction otherwise either stop the video
right now get ready for some serious
freaky goat birthing it was gold giving
birth to a baby goat goat giving birth
oh god that's really really gross it's
gold giving birth to a baby goat the
miracle of life right before my eyes and
all I wanna do is turn the camera off
and hide his goat giving birth to a baby
goat Oh God
oh that's wrong
oh and of course no-go birthing video
would be complete without a techno remix
hit it michael aranda oh that's really
really gross baby miracle for my eyes Oh
- Oh baby
that's cool
thank you ever so much to Michael Aranda
for doing that amazing arrangement and
thank you as well to the Katherine for
harmonizing with me because I can never
figure out how to harmonize with myself
and finally and most importantly thank
you to Christy the goat for giving birth
to not one not two not three but four
beautiful baby goats on that day my life
will never be the same
John dftba
