nerdcon in Boston was so amazing that I
barely took any video so I'm just going
to talk over this footage of Hank green
and the perfect strangers rocking out
two songs about science I want to try to
say now what I struggled to say during
the nerdcon closing ceremony so I was
thinking about Esther a lot this weekend
Esther Earl was a nerdfighter who with
her friends helped run the
behind-the-scenes of the project for
awesome and she died of cancer in 2010
when she was 16 Esther and I met in
Boston and her make-a-wish brought some
of her nerdfighter friends and I to
Boston and now here we were again
dancing and singing along to songs
Esther loved on Saturday I visited her
grave with her parents and one of her
sisters a lot of nerdfighters have
visited over the years actually and left
artwork and keychains and this star
won't go out bracelet and I was thinking
about how Esther met her nerdfighter
friends in the comments of our old blog
TV live shows like after the show then
did they would stay in the chat room and
talk to each other their friendship
basically happened in a space that we
created and then vacated hank when I
look back the last 10 years of
vlogbrothers I don't really think about
those videos Malcolm Gladwell famously
said that it takes 10,000 hours of
practice to become expert at something
but even after far more than 10,000
hours I'm still not really good at
making YouTube videos I mean I can
manage you jump cut but that's about it
so yeah I don't really think about the
videos I think about people making stuff
together and using that stuff to connect
with each other I think about an
Amsterdam nerdfighter gathering in 2008
where two people met who would later get
married I think about the project for
awesome and scavenger hunts and about
how slog Brothers is one of the very few
channels on YouTube where the comments
are often better than the videos
ultimately fandoms are made interesting
not by the content but by the people who
choose to build communities around the
content like Harry Potter is an
excellent book series but what makes it
special is finally not JK Rowling but
readers choosing to respond deeply and
enthusiastically and without
embarrassment or apology by dressing up
or writing and reading fanfiction or
singing that the weapon we have is well
Hank we've been incredibly fortunate
over the last decade that so many
awesome people have chosen to invest
themselves in nerdfighteria sometimes I
feel guilty about it because I've
benefited so disproportionately from
something I only had a small part in
creating each Tuesday I try to repay a
little bit of that debt but it only
seems to grow which brings me back to
Esther at her grave I kept wonder
how you thank someone who is gone how
you repay them for the deep lasting
gifts that their love and friendship
brought you when you can no longer do
anything for them she isn't here when
I've lost people I care about that part
never stops feeling new they aren't here
it cracks me open each time I think it
she died as a past tense problem she
isn't here is a present tense problem
but you are here whoever you are however
you came upon this video you are here
and we're lucky to have you here and
grateful and while we are here together
let's try to be kind and to create
spaces where cool stuff can happen so
nerdfighters thank you for your comments
and your art and your writing and your
collaborations and all the awesome you
have brought into the world in the last
10 years Hank I will see you on Friday
