I'd like to do some calculations in the
hopes that we'll come to some
realizations my mind is not what it used
to be that certainly isn't news to me
but I want to know how my life was spent
now
the answer add subtract multiply and
divide and try and figure out what I did
with my life
has been 27 years in my bed and there's
not much that I would have preferred to
do instead it's been two years two and
six months woman and I'm sure you're
curious almost three years ago and I
spent 45 years working for a guy that I
wanted to kill when I didn't want to die
my husband 57 years loving you my friend
so I guess it all makes sense at the end
I spent nearly a full year masturbating
second only to the one we spent
copulating on
not a fan of this vulgarity but
completeness is important for full
clarity I spent more than seven years
watching television and how could I not
regret that decision but I don't think
that'll ever know how much time I did or
didn't spend looking in the ear
I spent 27 years in my bed and there's
not much that I would have preferred to
do instead I spent two years two and six
months one and I'm sure you're curious
almost three years gone I spent 25 years
working for a guy that I wanted to kill
when I didn't want to
I've been 57 years loving you my friends
so I guess it all makes sense at the end
I've never known anyway but numbers and
some to understand what we are and what
we have become but like numbers the
perfect that's how this has been for me
and I hope that I still give you
everything you need 80 years a Lavin for
eating food about reading books in 57
with you two
nose won't smile on
life it somehow is a never quite enough
time
I spent 27 years in my bed
and there's nothing much they I would
have preferred to do instead of spent
two years June and six months one and
I'm sure you curious almost three years
pulling up in 25 years working for a guy
that I wanted to kill when I didn't want
it
has been 57 years loving you my friends
so I guess it all makes sense at the end
I guess it all makes sense at the end
yeah I guess it all makes sense at the
end
