good morning John you may remember
several videos in a row there's this big
empty air you know why that is it's
because over here I was making a video
for wizard school and I that was my
tripod 10 years John you'd think I'd
have bought a second tripod there it is
better so John I think it is important
for us to talk about the things that we
disagree with our old selves about so
let's talk about the strain that I used
to be on called the Machiavellian train
I don't know why it's a train I decided
just now the idea is that good people
have to be willing to do all the same
stuff that bad people are willing to do
in order to get a good outcome because
otherwise the bad people are going to do
all their bad stuff and they're going to
get their bad thing done this was a very
appealing idea to me as a younger man
partly yes because it allowed me to
excuse me doing things that maybe
weren't in concert with my values I
think was mostly because it played into
this thing that I wanted to believe
about myself that if I could only use my
brain enough I could manipulate other
people in the world to an eventual
positive outcome like I was protagonist
in a lot of the books of it like like I
was in there Wigan or Frank Chalmers or
Paula tradies we don't know what those
things are that's fine we don't read the
same kinds of books as I have gotten
more power you hear people in social
media circles call this influence but
let's call it what it is I've gotten way
more wary and even sort of afraid of
that perspective so I want to give you
some reasons why I think like the
Machiavelli train is made of BS so first
healthy societies rely on trust and if
we are all seeing each other as pawns
that trust will never exist and when I
saw people more as pawns to be moved to
my will I was able to trust other people
that because I thought they saw me that
way too and that among all the other bad
stuff that comes with that is just a bad
feeling
second you are never a hundred percent
that the thing you're trying to
accomplish is actually going to have a
positive effect in the world there are
lots of examples of people having big
revolutions against really oppresses
things and then it's getting even worse
after where there are also examples of
people having revolutions the outcome
being good but you never really know so
if you're headed along to this eventual
goal and you're just destroying
everything on the way there if there
turns out to not have the intended
effect then you've done a but a bad
stuff to get to a bad outcome third you
got to remember that there's a really
high chance that you're not going to get
to the desired outcome you're never
going to get there so you could do a
whole bunch of bad stuff on the way to
trying to get there and then fail and
that happens all the time and lastly I
have come to realize that this thing
doesn't exist there is no final end goal
every single decision along the path of
your life is an end in itself and if the
entire world lived as if the ends
justify the means then the means in
themselves are going to be a terrifying
end so I jumped off that train and now I
do not see an idea as a good idea if it
requires me to define my values or my
ethics doesn't matter how good it's
going to be in the end or what all the
stuff I could do with that money if I
got and I kinda de needed to get okay
with discarding ideas because I couldn't
figure out how to do them and still be
living the right way and that was
surprisingly hard because I think
throughout my life I praised ideas above
reality in a kind of way I don't know if
that made sense and I needed to get over
that and it's kind of been a liberation
for me because well imitations are
actually good for ideas like being able
to do anything to get to your desired
goal can be really paralyzed and to it
means that when I fail which I will do
over and over and over again we all will
do at least along the way to that
failure I did a bunch of things that I
believed in and honestly I've come to
accept and believe that it's those
millions of tiny sometimes invisible
actions more than any huge
accomplishment that really makes
humanity work John in the last 10 years
of doing this with you and with this
community this is one of the best and
most helpful most important lessons I've
learned thank you for that
memento mori and I will see you in
Boston
