good morning John I'm about to sing you
a song but first I have a couple of
sticks to tell you first my hands are
kind of permanently red and you'll find
out why later
second mostly I want to say thank you to
everyone who helped me out with this
there are a lot of different parts in
this song but I can't play any of them
so I had nerdfighters do it for me so
thank you to Paige sterling Danielle
Alyssia Morgan and Tevin for all of your
amazing Irish fiddling and pennywhistle
playing I'm sorry I couldn't use
everybody there are some problems with
sound and with actually getting the
video to work in my computer so I just
use what I could use thank you to all of
you you did an amazing job
lastly before I share this song I want
to talk a little bit about squirrel
linguistics you may or may not know this
but squirrels they speak little squirrel
noises but in addition the way that we
have like eyebrow movements and like
facial expressions they have tail
movements and the tail movements are
extremely important in squirrel talking
and squirrels though you may not know
this have names and each name consists
of a vocal component and a tail movement
and this song is about a squirrel named
kazoo kazoos all curl
well there's a lot two ways to die under
Ireland skies the worst way bar might be
a bit of a surprise entropy night in a
bar or hit by a car gonna be mahi and
looking into her eyes and hear the cries
I've itemized my last goodbyes
so she's a 6-ounce ball a black muscle
at the fire and she's the evil mistake
and this serenity world man you better
start running heavy a mercy harsh scuzzy
kazusa curl the homicidal squirrel oh I
was at the county fair it scuzzy kazusa
was there
slicing through the crowd like a mower
mowing lawns I watched the people fall
to her razor sure calls and she was
right there in my face before I knew
what was goin on I risked my arm and
tried to run but I was done well she's a
6-ounce ball on that muscle and car see
they evil snake and the Sorrenti world
man ya better start runnin have you ever
see her she's cussing his oval curl the
homicidal squirrel
well parties sync to my Armin everything
but name was gonna what done it her
blood-stained fangs she looked into my
eyes the fear was paralyzed I felt the
blood running from my veins and the pain
and oh the pain and oh the pain
we'll see the six ounce ball of lhasa
Akbar and she's the evil Spang
and necessary new world at the other
start for London
have you ever see her she's scuzzy
kazusa curl the homicidal squirrel I'm
only alive today by all grace the only
man who's been with her and lived to
tell the tale but I keep my eyes wide
shall now be denied until the day and I
still me right there on my tail
Hillandale the rain hail she will
prevail
he's a 6-ounce for ma her she's the evil
thing in the serenity world and you have
a stuntman a tiara see our stomach Azusa
curl homicidal world
scuttling a Doozer girl homicidal
squirrel Skutnik Azusa curl the
homicidal squirrel spongy guy shows up
our homicidal squirrel
John Oh what is that
Oh
