it's hard with the kids behind you
knowing that they're laughing at didn't
even notice they didn't even notice some
of the people there in the answer name
Sunday notice they're looking at us
alleged yep that's okay though
Hank it's Sunday it's Newsday and the
news today is that I went to the
Netherlands and I want to tell you about
it so Hank I've just gotten home from a
week of touring Holland with two other
American authors Jordan Sun and wick and
Steve Krueger and man it was fun
god I love the Netherlands I love it too
public transportation the amazingly nice
teachers lounges and it's public schools
it's daring architecture and of course
it's amazing cafes with their brilliant
bitter balls Peter :
oh man Hank I wish you had taste Oh
vision so you could know what happens
when they mix meat and hope and then fry
it Oh Oh Hank and also on this trip to
the Netherlands I discovered a new
amazing Dutch delicacy talking shocking
by the way I've pretty much made up the
name Hawkins Walken it's a Dutch
delicacy it's white bread butter and
chocolate sprinkles kind of I'm gonna
fluff rolling some James the new bitter
balls I mean Hank is the poet hath wrote
ooh baby do you know what that's worth
ooh heaven is a place on earth and as if
all that weren't enough on Thursday
night the city of Amsterdam was
inundated with more than 100 made of
Awesome nerdfighters for an evening of
hilarity fun and me epically failing at
reading in Dutch the vague bore
poor great the bed for each I do that
Hey look
the way Heinkels wooden shoes with Willy
he's a pirate when I say bitter you say
balls bitter Oh
I mean Hank people were singing a song
you wrote in a bar in Amsterdam allow me
to quote David after his visit to the
dentist I feel funny
is this real-life oh and Hank one other
story I was being interviewed by a
journalist in Holland and she said she'd
read Paper Towns in both English and
Dutch and then she said it was much
better in Dutch and then I was like why
and she said much funnier
so nerdfighters if you can read in Dutch
you should definitely buy Paper Towns in
Dutch that way my publisher Lemna Scott
will bring me back over to Holland and I
can eat more bitterballen and more
Hawking shocking and I will live happily
ever after
okay Hank they're a bunch of Awesome
links Amsterdam yet otherwise in the
sidebar I will talk to you about the
peeps eating situation on Tuesday and
now I have to go sleep dftba
