I don't think you know what you think
you know baby but baby don't you think
that I know what I know maybe baby I
know what you think that I don't know I
know I know I know I know I know I know
I know I know I know
now I know that you don't think I know
that I know what I know I don't know
what you think I think you know I don't
but I know what you don't think I know I
know I know I know baby I know that you
don't know what I know baby I don't that
you don't know what
Oh
I don't know what I think but I know
what I know but you think that you know
what I knew that you don't that I know
what you think I don't know
I know I know I know I
I know that you don't think I think that
I know
I don't know what you think I think you
think you know I don't but now what you
don't think I know I know I know I know
baby I know that you don't know what
baby I know that you don't know what
that song only has 10 words in it and
yes I've been struck down by diesel
goddess influenza do you remember the
tiny chicken if you remember the tiny
chicken and you've been with us for a
long time that tiny chicken has returned
and it's laying it little tiny chicken
egg in my brain and their liquid didn't
coming out of my nose
I wrote that 10 word song as part of the
masters of song fools songwriting
challenge and I'm submitting it today
and it will be up with a bunch of other
10 word songs at Quickstop entertainment
com on Thursday if you want to check
those out I did what you all to know one
thing though like there are some amazing
ventriloquist's in the world but none of
them can do this
ah I'm not actually a ventriloquist also
I wanted to mention that there is
something very sort of strange and cool
and amazing going on with this thing
that I've been following called this is
not Tom calm this is that Tom calm was a
bunch of really cool riddles
but the riddles and the challenges are
very rewarding when you get them and it
seems to be taking a turn for the
awesome so this is not Tom calm if you
are interested in ways to wile away the
time while being entertained and also uh
fascinated so if you want hours of
amusement banging your head against your
desk and then saying oh I don't suggest
doing it while on nyquil ah that makes
things more difficult I have to go to
sleep and do my taxes I don't know if I
can do both those things at the same
time but I'm gonna try
