good morning John this Wednesday
December 4th today I'm gonna try to fit
in 51 jokes into one four-minute video
so obviously we should probably get
started what did one snowman say to the
other snowman smells like carrots what
do you get when you throw a hand grenade
into a French bathroom
linoleum blown apart what's red and
smells like blue paint red paint what is
the difference between a coyote and a
fleet one hell's on the Prairie and one
brows on the Harry what did one wall say
to the other wall let's all meet up in
the corner how come seagulls live by the
sea because if they live by the bay
they'd be bagels why do cows wear bells
cuz their horns don't work what do you
call it a nosey pepper jalapeno business
how come a man driving the train got
struck by lightning well he was a good
conductor what's the difference between
camping and molestation I don't know
what since you don't know you wanna go
camping this weekend how does a Snoop
Dog wash his whites bleah ash what
happened to the magical tractor it
turned into a field what a vegetarian
zombie say grace time flies like an
arrow and fruit flies like a banana
what's brown and sounds like a bell dung
how does Luke Skywalker get through the
forest he walks why did the algae in the
fungus get married they took a liking to
each other what do you get when you put
a sheep on a trampoline a woolly jumper
how do you fit five Bulbasaur's into
Charizard Zhaan to a bus you Pokemon one
of the cowboy have a wiener dog cuz
somebody told him to get along little
doggie how do you get an 80-year woman
do you get another 80-year woman right
next to her yell bingo what does a
teenage boy have in common with the
enzyme helicase they both want to unzip
your jeans what are the eggs into the
boiling water it'll be a minute before I
get hard I just got laid by a chick Luke
Skywalker and Darth Vader or locked in
mortal combat Darth Vader pulls look
close to him my microphone Darth Vader
pulls look close to him and says I know
what you're getting for Christmas
Oh what how that's impossible
I felt your presence why do chicken
coops only ever have two doors cuz if
they had four doors they would be a
chicken sedan was the difference between
a bad golfer and a bad skydiver one goes
back darn and the other goes darn whack
I tried to build an irony detector but
the darn thing just won't work Oh
what's wrong with it it detects
everything except tyranny what did the
dog say when he sat on some sandpaper
ruff the duck walks into a bar wearing
one shoe the bartender says he lost a
shoe and the duck says nah I found one
what is black and white and black and
white and black and white and back away
to buy Hawaiian black and white and got
him a penguin rolling down a hill what's
black and white laughing well penguin
that pushed him after giving up on being
a nanny Mary Poppins actually moved to
Beverly Hills and became a fortune
teller and she reads your future not by
looking at the lines on your hand but by
smelling your breath the car the super
California mystic expert halitosis
how many Dragon Ball Z characters does
it take to change a light bulb just one
but it's going to take about six
episodes
how many kids with a V D does it take to
change a light bulb to write bikes what
do you get when you drop a piano down a
mineshaft
a-flat minor what are the tomato blush
because it's all the salad dressing
what's the difference between dear nuts
and beer nuts spear nuts are a dollar
fifty and deer nuts are under a buck
what's worse than finding a worm in your
Apple genocide what kind of pants to the
Mario Brothers where denim denim denim I
was feeling sad my friend came up and
told me ten jokes to try and make me
feel better
unfortunately no pun intended why can't
Helen Keller Drive because she's dead
did you hear about the red ship in the
blue ship that collided all of the
sailors were marooned how can you tell
if it takes hate more than one day to
make a video because the lighting
completely changes in the middle to
peanuts were walking down the street one
was assaulted what are the zero said the
eight nice belt a baby seal walks into a
club what do you call a monkey at a
minefield a baboon what did the
youtubers say when he came into fifth
place in a race first if I have one
little green ball in one hand and
another little green ball on the other
hand what do I have the undivided
attention of a leprechaun
why is your sex life like a fog brothers
video cuz it never lasts more than four
minutes 51 jokes put your jokes down
there I might do this again and my
favorite joke that gets put in the next
two days will be the free son copy my CD
