look at this this video is composed of
fifty dogs from nerdfighters like you to
drums and assemble walk off a cliff but
um Billy was a chemist son but now he is
no more what he thought was each 2o was
h2so4 there are two muffins in an oven
one says man it is hot in here and the
other one says holy crab a talking
muffin a child comes up to his dad and
ask daddy it's got a man or a woman got
his boat it's God black or white God is
both is God Michael Jackson what's the
difference between Neil Armstrong and
Michael Jackson Neil Armstrong walked on
the moon and Michael Jackson is he crazy
when Ducks have webbed feet to stomp out
fires why do elephants have flat feet to
stomp out the burning ducks how do you
kill an elephant with an elephant gun
how do you kill the blue elf with an
elephant gun with a blue elephant gun
how do you kill a rail with a red
elephant gum oh you choke it until it's
blue and then you shoot it with a wealth
and gun how do you kill a purple
elephant you choke it until it's blue
and then you shoot it with a blue
elephant gun oh my god there is no such
thing with a purple elephant why is six
so afraid of 7 because 7 ate 9 what's
brown and sticky ah stick what to
Christmas and the cat in the desert have
in common
sandy claws does Snoop Dogg ever need an
umbrella for drizzle there are 10 types
of people in the world those who know
binary and those who don't
man it smells like up dog in here what's
up dog nothing what about you the square
root of negative 1 and PI are having an
argument after much discussion the
square root of negative 1 shouts at PI
please would you just be rational hi
responds get real how much did the
pirate pandas ears pierced a Buccaneer
the pirate saying when he got a steering
wheel stuck down his pants or it's
driving me nuts kid just like a pirate
for Halloween knocks on this lady's door
Oh aren't you a cute little parrot but
where are you Buccaneers I'm to my
bucking hat so there's this pirate he's
walking around he's wearing a paper
towel for a hat and so I asked him
what's with the paper towel ah I got a
bounty on my head I couldn't a little
pirate go to see the movie because I had
too much booty and was rated R why does
it take parents so own to learn the
alphabet cuz they could spend years at
sea I don't answers talk because they're
dead how do you make a handkerchief
dance you put a little boogie in it
how to avoid bad knock-knock jokes
knock-knock uh come in what do
politicians and sperm have in common
about 100 500 or 600 million have a
chance of becoming a human grasshopper
walks into a bar are tender Saturday we
got a drink named after you
now supper says you got a drink named
Larry one Adam says to the other Adam
holy crab it is Lawson electron are you
sure yes I'm positive
what about the bone of the tree because
it was dead what did the second monkey
found the tree because it was stapled to
the first monkey but why did the third
monkey follow the tree peer pressure I
wish to die peacefully in my sleep
like my grandfather not panicking like
his passengers do you hear about the guy
who got the entire left half of his body
cut off
yeah but he's all right now but is the
relationship between a pumpkins
circumference and its radius pumpkin pie
I don't always just give to charity well
because there shellfish what are the two
dirtiest animals in the farmyard brown
chicken brown can if it is today where
does the king keep his armies in his
sleeve ease how many Surrealists does it
take to change a lightbulb fish how many
psychologists does it take to do the
light bulb just one but the lightbulb
has to want to change what do the Bears
say to the other bear when they finished
eating the clown did he taste funny to
you what do you get when you mix an
agnostic and dyslexic and an insomniac a
dude who shits up all night wondering
whether or not there is a dog what do
you call a female sex change an add a
dictum II what do you call a male sex
change lop it off of me to Fisher in a
tank one fish says to the other fish do
you know how to try this thing what kind
of cheese just isn't yours
not Joe cheese I have the math looks so
sad I had a lot of problems what if the
difference between a writer and a park
bench a park bench can support a family
jaundice getting that was 15 toast I'll
see you later leave your favorite jokes
in the comments I kinda wanna make
another one of these
