good morning Hank it's Thursday April
12th no matter where I am and even if I
have no clear idea where I am and no
matter how much trouble I may be in I
can achieve a blank and shining serenity
if only I can reach the very edge of a
natural body of water the very edge of
anything from a rivulet to an ocean says
to me now you know where you are now you
know which way to go you will soon be
home now that is because I made my first
mental maps of the world in the summer
time when I was a little child on the
shores of Lake Maxinkuckee which is in
northern Indiana Maxinkuckee is three
miles long and two and a half miles
across at its widest its shores are a
closed whoop no matter where I was on
its circumference all I had to do was
keep walking in one direction to find my
way home again what a confident Marco
Polo I could be when setting out for a
day's adventure yes and I asked the
reader of this piece my indispensable
collaborator isn't your deepest
understanding of time and space and for
that matter destiny shaped like mine by
your earliest experiences with geography
by the rules you learned about how to
get home again the closed loop of the
lakeshore was certain to bring me home
not only to my own family's unheated
frame cottage on a bluff overlooking the
lake but to for adjacent cottages
teaming with close relatives the heads
of those neighboring households moreover
my father's generation had also spent
their childhood summer times at
Maxinkuckee making them the almost
immediate successors there to the
Potawatomi Indians they even had a
tribal name for themselves which sounded
like epitome I enjoys sometimes my
father when a grown man would call out
to Maxinkuckee in general abdomen hoy
and a first cousin fishing from a leaky
rowboat or a sister reading in a hammock
or whatever would give this reply yeah
at 2:00 Mayan Hey what did it mean it
was pure nonsense from their childhood
it was German meaning this do Abbot's
mohei yes
Abbot's mo hey so what so not very much
I guess except that it allows me to say
that after the potowa tommy's came the
up to my invoice who have vanished from
Lake Maxinkuckee without a trace it is
though they had never been there am i
sad not at all because everything about
that Lake was imprinted on my mind when
it held so little information and was so
eager for
information it will be my lake as long
as I live I have no wish to visit it for
I have kept it all right here I happen
to see it last spring from about six
miles up on a flight from Louisville to
Chicago it was as emotionally uninvolved
rye dust viewed from under a microscope
again that wasn't the real Maxinkuckee
down there the real one is in my head
we'll miss you I'll see you tomorrow
