good morning John it's Thursday April
5th I have some bad news
you said that I could visit my local
Hummer dealership and test drive a
Hummer this is one of the best ideas
that I've heard for punishment in a long
time and I'm very sorry to have to say
that I can't do it because I don't have
a local Hummer dealership the nearest
one is a hundred and fifty three miles
away and then I felt some hair salons to
see if they professionally watch my chin
but it turns out that professionals
don't wax chins the lady on the phone
said that it was a high blood supply
area they don't do it because of the
potential for permanent damage boy I'm
really sorry I made you do that
it's Brotherhood 2.0 is embarrassing
moments up up it's theatres are oh
that's embarrassing my hair just fell
off I have a hurry neck Oh her neck
embarrassing moment number one hello my
name is Justin and I was hangs a
roommate in college I have long hair and
a slight frame and one day I was minding
my own business eating some Marmite on
toast when Hank walked into the room
dude dude
oh my look it's Catherine well ah ah
what was that huh embarrassing moment
number two I'm Catherine's mom so
Catherine what am I going to meet this
Hank I've been hearing so much about
maybe when we get back to campus after a
grocery shopping here I can't introduce
you to him Catherine oh he's coming he's
oh oh oh oh um hi
it's nice to meet you I'm Hank that's
Hank Oh
what a nice young man you ran into my
legs I decided that it would be cool if
I would slide off my knees down the
aisle at Albertson's and run into
Catherine but instead I ran into her mom
embarrassing moment number three
what a nice drive Sarah I have never
dated a more beautiful person than you
and I never will until I meet Catherine
yeah I know I'm pretty also huh yeah you
are
you look pretty awesome today too with
that black lipstick on yeah you're so
cool I know dude you're good oh my god I
totally forgot to get gas oh my god what
are we going to do I know we'll walk to
7-eleven and call my mom mom I ran out
of gas a nun stuck at 7-eleven can you
come pick us up even though it's like
two o'clock in the morning you ran out
of gas yeah it was pretty stupid I'll be
there in a minute but I am not happy
with you oh this sucks I'm so sorry I'm
sorry auntie soon this is kind of boring
oh hello I'm really sorry about this but
I didn't know what else to do stop stop
talking what's on your face what there
is something on your face it looks like
you're wearing makeup but you just draw
it Sarah home soon as this diaper could
be over you are so grounded John I'll
see you ro
