good morning Hank it's supposed to be
Monday but in fact it's Saturday Hank
that's Tobin Anderson world famous
children's book author and winner of the
2006 National Book Award this is the
guide some quick background information
before Tobin and I met up at a Book
Festival in Kalamazoo Tobin spent a day
in Detroit looking at abandoned
buildings where he randomly met our tour
guide when we tried to fly back to the
east on Friday our flights got canceled
so we called the guide up and he offered
to take us on an urban exploring tour
through the ruins of Detroit as you will
see the guide is something of a genius
we made a building that can be seen from
your miles away that made an impression
on people that didn't just blend in it
stuck out Hank that's the Eastern wig
and hair company we're gonna go in it I
think but not not in the traditional way
yeah
okay so that didn't work Hank and I'll
tell you why how the owner of the
building happened to drive by while
Tobin was pulling down the fire escape
Hank I'm in an abandoned building I'm
feeling some anxiety of a question of
abandonment yes I wonder why there are
so many lights on that means it could be
a caretaker you know it could come on
and check out I mean not every day I
think I think it goes without saying
that you shouldn't break into abandoned
buildings particularly not unless you
have professional assistance like we did
it's unsafe asbestos e terrifying and
generally illegal is it a happy place
Tobin does it feel safe oh look oh
Tobin someone in here has played
repeated games of tic-tac-toe clearly
the O's have mad skills we heard people
walking around we heard people talking
we had to flee you can tell
John's anxiety from the fact that the
camera is shuttering like a like a dove
giving birth okay we're now entering a
narrow sphere I'm spicy Howard Crane in
a Spanish traffic side we're currently
in the lab I'm using the camera light to
see Linda everything is covered in ice
it's just layers and layers of rubble
Hank once I got past the anxiety of
being someplace I shouldn't be I started
to think about the ruins themselves the
eerie beauty of the ice encrusted decay
to the tour guide the ruins seem to
represent a failure a failure to
recognize and use the gifts of the past
- Tobin they also spoke of the
inevitability of it all the stark
reminder that one day every building
will be ruins I felt a mix of anxiety
and reverence that I haven't felt since
I worked at the hospital I kept slipping
up and calling it the cathedral instead
of the theater I'm on the stage TSU TSU
so it's
in favilla teste ahead of whom Sibylla
National Geographic from 1968 Iran's
shah crowns himself in glittering tehran
it was a very different time not well
back open to the same thing it's heavy
huh
look at all these safe deposit boxes
control
all right first whitter goes the control
hole again hey we just came through a
hole in that fence
it went into that theater and then into
this office building I think this is
what the theater used to look like that
we were in today that's decayed beyond
recognition for the most part hey Hank
tell me if this place looks familiar
