good morning John it's Friday March 2nd
you guys are all really mean I mean I
love you but you're mean kind of just
like John okay not all of you are me
honor and marine and a couple of you
guys were out there defending me but the
people have spoken and I await my
punishment one condition please nothing
to do with earwax there's been talk of
us introducing more politics into
Brotherhood 2.0 and this is not
something I think we have a choice about
we're both very politically active and
interested people and not talking about
politics would be lying and there's no
way we're gonna exclude that from our
conversation however I'm with commenter
Miller went on this one
it's too early to endorse anyone
honestly I mean we don't even know if
the primary field is filled out yet what
if there's one candidate behind the
scene whose name and politics and
abilities are already well-known enough
that he doesn't have to announce early
someone who's maybe waiting for the
other primary candidates to finish
ripping each other to shreds before he
announces someone who hasn't been able
to come up with a firm answer the
question will you run for president for
the last year and a half I think we
should wait and see plus Dennis Kucinich
his wife is hot Daniel Biss once said
that she's the one and only success the
Democratic Party had in 2004 I could
totally do that as a first lady finally
I wanted to share with you a few juicy
bits of knowledge first commenter scott
says that he would like my punishment to
be long and lasting and painful i think
i might hate commenter scott but i would
like to take this opportunity to
announce that i have been living with
ulcerative colitis what does that mean
well if you're wondering what it's like
this advertisement I think sums it up
fairly well hidden fire the great butt
explosion second Liz s says that myriad
is one of her favorite word's and I
wanted her to know that it comes from
the Greek myriad O's meaning ten
thousand and then I didn't get you a
wedding present either so apparently I
look like people first you say I look
like this guy
I then you say it look like this guy
then you say it look like this girl
I mean Heath Ledger was in that movie
maybe yesterday get that haircut
okay this is extremely strange I just
want to say I'm being John for a day I'm
being John for a day I live in New York
and buy expensive jeans I'm loved and
adored by half dozens of teens oh I'm
beat John for a day and I'll see you
tomorrow
Oh on Monday I'll see you on Monday
