good morning John it's Wednesday January
17th hi Maureen Johnson Annie Lockhart
Maureen is that the Maureen that told me
to build a business card house out of my
misprinted business cards if it is then
I have a surprise for her last night I
spent two hours talking to a libertarian
on the Internet
he was a friend of mine from high school
and I don't know what happened he says
there shouldn't be regulations on
nuclear power plants last night I also
blew my nose for 15 straight minutes and
then at the end of it I had converted 6
ounces of toilet paper into two pounds
of mushy goo but now I can do this
I'm just going to jump right into
misprinted business card utilization
ideas Maria from the Comets suggested
that I build a business card house I
didn't know how to build card houses so
I went on the internet and did some
research there's the basic card house
where you use you know this and this and
then you stack until it gets high up but
that's not the best way to build card
houses it turns out I found out the way
that the professional card stackers do
it and now I'm going to teach you and
all of our viewers how to stack cards
the awesome way we created T we leaned
this card on this card thus stabilizing
this card and this card is that guy
weren't jammy pants and this guy on this
guy yes that guy use wearing jammy pants
it's early I'm sick and tired okay lean
this guy I'm not going anything this guy
okay
here we've got the first story of a
really good card house and now we add
the roof this is important because we're
going to be stacking more stories on it
both and
uh-huh then we have the first story of a
card house let us take a look at this
thing of beauty
an excellent misprinted business card
utilization idea especially because now
I know how to stack heart and hopefully
so do you so I can't just let this go
I'm gonna have to try and add another
story
