good morning Hank it's Thursday January
4th I'm standing on top of little Pisgah
mountain in North Carolina that was
actually recorded on Wednesday January
3rd but you'd have no way of knowing
I believe that's what they call movie
magic Hank in your last video you asked
me to continue our discussion of our
differences I think one of the most
important differences between us is that
you are excellent at living in a way
that's commensurate with your values
whereas I not for instance I didn't
recycle until I watched Inconvenient
Truth but I'm still sort of iffy on it
and also I didn't vote in 2000
even though I could have voted in
Florida ah George Bush it's all my fault
I'm so stupid Oh
let's change the subject also we have
vastly different happy dances yes well I
noticed in your last video you
completely ignored my eat five sheets of
toilet paper while discussing the
political situation in Nepal challenge
let's just admit that that was some
awesome pronunciation and if you're not
going to eat five sheets of toilet paper
while discussing the political situation
in Nepal well I'm going to all right
Green you better do this in one tape
because it's not going to be fun oh well
home about the political situation in
Nepal and so there are these malice
rebel who can hold more than half of the
concrete who has Maoist rebels anymore
oh no I can't do it Hank I think this
stuff is two-ply - I think that was part
of the problem because you get the 1/pi
stuff I can just
just down that but this stuff move oh
and by the way I have great news
Brotherhood 2.0 viewer Peter just had a
baby well actually his wife had the baby
she was in labor for 32 hours I'm
thinking maybe we should get them a baby
present would he call baby president
baby warming present baby shower baby
baby a baby present I was thinking maybe
we could let Peter pick a project or
challenge for us what do you think
