good morning Hank it's Tuesday I woke up
in London a little bit jet-lagged let's
go the East End was also sleepy tattoo
parlor shuttered the streets almost
empty on the walk to the tube there was
lots of graffiti to enjoy I made it to
the station stood on the right for a
very fast escalator ride which turned
out to be timed perfectly because there
was the train and then boom we were in
Trafalgar Square there we found lots of
tourists and statues of Kings and
dandelions and fashion models as well as
this extraordinarily phallic thumbs up
sculpture mark was also filming all of
this for the art assignment by the way
so soon there will be an art trip London
video that'll be like this one except
much better headed over to the National
Portrait Gallery where I saw Queen
Elizabeth Cardinal Wolsey Thomas cram
nur and many other people who didn't
want you to know they had necks I was
really impressed by the museum and I
found myself thinking that while
portraits are of course artworks there
are also historical artifacts like even
now with images so easy to take and
store the pictures we hold on to tell us
something about who and what mattered to
us got a bit to eat then walked for a
while and started playing a game called
fancy clock has the time wrong minutes
slow for minutes fast not even close
we then made our way to the Royal
Academy of the Arts where an abstract
expressionist show was brilliant and
also quite crowded we then walked past
cupid and Shakespeare getting crapped on
by a pigeon to the Somerset House which
as London real estate goes seems like a
pretty nice house aside from the army of
spoons in the courtyard we saw an
astonishing number of masterpieces there
including this sera painting and this
Cezanne landscape where you can start to
see painting move toward abstraction
there was a very early Picasso and this
famous painting by da Gama made around
the Prussian siege of Paris in 1871 they
got paid the model with a single hunk of
meat which according to the wall label
she fell upon and devoured raw
there was also Renoir and Pizarro van
Gogh and man a fancy clocks telling the
wrong time a queen with her puppy and
this painting by Goya featuring the
first recorded incidence of man
spreading after we left I caught some
drowsies London is lousy with drowsies
and masterpieces later that afternoon we
took the subway to a gallery featuring
this work from the Brazilian artist Li
Jie poppy the lines in this room made by
silver thread appear and disappear as
you walk around them and it's beautiful
in a way the camera can't capture the
lines float and intertwine responding to
the light and all
so to you the artist ad Reinhardt once
described his paintings as unmarketable
unfotunately
because it's unreproducible these days
our experiences almost don't feel real
if you can't photograph them at times it
feels like documenting a meaningful
experience is more important than having
the experience it's like pics or it
didn't happen has actually become true
and even more weirdly it feels to me
sometimes like maybe we do things for
the pic like our choices are based on
how well our lives will photograph
rather than how those lives actually
make us feel like to use a tangential
example it's hard for me to know if I
love this famous van Gogh self-portrait
or if I just feel excited seeing it in
so-called real life after having seen so
many photographs and reproductions of it
I guess I was thinking that looking at
something isn't quite the same thing as
looking at it through a lens of course
these aren't entirely new questions for
one thing this installation was first
made in 1977 but I think what I love so
much about it is that you couldn't look
at it through a lens you had to be there
so after a while I put down my camera
and I was just there Hank I'll see you
on Friday
