good morning Hank it's Sunday at seven
o'clock in the morning and we are biking
down to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway
so every year at 8 a.m. my race day
officially starts with a one-mile
footrace between my friends Matt and
Craig every year I bet on Craig and so
far every year he's lost Craig how are
you feeling this time ah go let him pace
you come on there it is
draft in the draft Craig's a massive
underdog so this is our last stop before
we enter the city of Speedway Indiana
which is kind of like the Vatican it's
surrounded by Indianapolis but it's not
Indianapolis but it's also somewhat
different from the Vatican because of
everything else now we're walking
through Speedway Indiana on our way to
the Indy 500 that is not a school bus
it's a party bus so in my experience
you're gonna be away from multiple days
and you want to enjoy it the key is
wardrobe changes here's wardrobe change
number one three hundred fifty thousand
human beings all in the same place
okay 160 laps in we have run out of time
we have to go to the airport so I'm sure
it's going to be a good end of the race
but we've got to go to London
goodbye Indianapolis hello New York City
this is outfit number 3 by the way I
just really really need to sleep on this
plane turns out I had the best plane
sleep ever I couldn't even vlog it I was
too busy sleeping it we have arrived in
London and we are on our way to Wembley
this is outfit number four by the way
AFC Wimbledon's crest at Wembley Hank
who would have imagined it by the way
I've changed again this is outfit five
possibly six I don't know I'm very tired
but I have taken my final form I've even
got my Wimbledon sneakers on first stop
AFC Wimbledon bar called the green man
should be fun I mean I'm sure I've been
this excited before but I don't know
when well you're with a radio WN coming
to you live from the National Stadium
Wembley Stadium
referee checks his watch we check our
pulses Treves twice to win it there with
the possession moving its square Sawyer
30 yards out centered the far side the
area McAllen Kennedy can be unloaded up
field into the Wembley skies long down
the middle Aziz chases after it upfield
by Plymouth once more they're closed
down by ball band orbital on the ball
lays it in for a season the near side
Aziz has got ball belongs on the school
let's square it to Garrett pick him out
ah then over the outstretched leg that's
a penalty
it's a penalty for the dogs this has to
be the last kick of the game surely a
keen framework from 12 yards for Li
Guang's steps up
sorry going on a sick promotion I
consume the scores for Miss fault
AFC Wimbledon or a-league one football
club so AFC Wimbledon one securing
promotion to Ligue 1 I'd out enjoyed the
game say hi dad
and now we are gonna go to a party by
the way I lost my camcorder so I'm
recording this on my phone so Hank with
a very large group of fancy Wimbledon
supporters I have returned to King's
meadow to celebrate AFC Wimbledon's
promotion to Ligue 1 I'm going to say
goodbye now so that I can go join the
party
we are gone ups and we are gonna we owe
God upset we're going up we owe God I'll
say we are go
