good morning Hank it's Tuesday so back
in August of 2009 somebody started a
tumblr called Obama is literally Hitler
which satirized all the comparisons
between Barack Obama and the leader of
the Third Reich Hitler analogies have a
long history the phrase reductio ad
Hitler arm was coined way back in 1951
to describe arguments that rely on
comparing other people's position to
that of the Nazis or Hitler and even
before Hitler was literally the worst
other people were like one common uber
villain was the pharaoh from the Hebrew
Bible's book of Exodus during the
American Civil War abolitionists
sometimes called slaveholders Pharaoh's
and southerners sometimes called Abraham
Lincoln a modern Pharaoh but these days
we have Hitler and the Nazis too
compared to everyone and everything on
social media we read that Hillary
Clinton is like Hitler or Donald Trump
or Ted Cruz or Bernie Sanders also an
actual candidate for president compared
to contemporary United States to Nazi
Germany all of this isn't just
inaccurate it's counterproductive for
one thing hearing your preferred
candidate compared to Hitler doesn't
make you less likely to vote for them
you're just repulsed by the analogy not
least because it implies that you are a
Nazi but for another the analogy
imagines that something is terribly
terribly wrong with the United States
like 1930s Germany wrong and that's just
not true the US economy has grown each
of the last six years unemployment has
dropped throughout the 2010s crime is
down ninety percent of Americans have
health insurance the highest rate since
the 1970s the United States is not in
some mortal peril
now of course the u.s. does have big
problems Americans have too much student
loan debt for instance high income
inequality is hindering growth our
health care system is way too expensive
and not particularly effective we
desperately need comprehensive
immigration reform and we still have a
very high violent crime rate compared to
other rich nations but we've always had
big problems like when we talk about
making America great again or reigniting
the American dream when exactly was this
golden age were harkening back to was it
200 years ago when the vast majority of
people couldn't vote because they
weren't land owning white males was it a
hundred years ago when most women
couldn't vote fifty years ago when
interracial marriage was still illegal
and half the country or was the American
Golden Age in like 1985 when
unemployment was higher than it is today
median household income was lower and
you were more than twice as likely to be
murdered plus there was no snapchat
I feel like this imagining of a past
that never existed furthers the notion
that the you
is facing some unprecedented danger that
only candidate X or Y console and then
when politics focus is on name-calling
rather than policy it becomes really
hard to have a discussion because when
you call my candidate an idiot or a
Woo's err or a cheat you're calling into
question my whole future in a way it
feels like you're calling me those
things which makes me want to remove
myself from the conversation long before
we get to the nuances of safe
immigration reform rataxes policy all
the presidential candidates have done
this sort of name-calling but i don't
want to create a false equivalence here
Donald Trump does it by far the most
like here's just a sampling of Trump's
insults liar choker disloyal a low-life
crazy dishonest reckless a hypocrite and
a soft weak little baby and that's just
some of the things he said about Ted
Cruz that I can repeat in the
vlogbrothers video now putting aside the
accuracy of those insults I mean I quite
like little babies but I've seen very
little evidence to indicate that Ted
Cruz is one I think insults hurt
American political life which in turn
makes our government less effective
regardless of where our political
leaders sit on the ideological spectrum
and I really hope that eventually in
this election cycle we can find ways to
avoid insults and instead focus on what
government should do and how so Hank you
and I are going to start trying to do
that next Tuesday I'm going to take a
look at the Republican candidates tax
plans but first tank on Friday you're
going to take a look at the tax plans
put forth by the Democratic candidates I
will see you then
here's to civil discourse
