good morning Hank it's Tuesday it's
question Tuesday the day that I answer
50 real snapchats from real snapchatters
let's get right to it
everything about Indianapolis race day
favorite TV show the Americans not just
the best show about spies on TV also the
best show about marriage on TV
how are the puff levels a little too
high actually hold on yeah that's better
any great movies to recommend I really
love both dope and the end of the tour
why do you love writing for me it's like
the number one way of escaping the
prison of my consciousness biggest
lesson from the refugee camps I'd never
really considered the horror of
dislocation like it's one thing to
experience trauma inside your community
and in a social structure you understand
but it's totally different to experience
loss at a place that isn't yours
surrounded by people you don't know
where do you see yourself in ten years I
don't know but I know what I want to be
doing on Tuesdays favorite why a debut
of 2016 it hasn't come out yet but
spontaneous is the best book about
spontaneous combustion you will ever
read hints about your new book huh it
concerns the White River when's it gonna
come out I don't know not this year what
do you think of Hamilton it's just so
astonishingly good it's so nuanced and
rich and the songs are so catchy
favorite Hamilton song that's like
asking me to pick between my kids but I
am pretty fond of the cabinet meeting
rap battles can you name a character in
your new book Avery no I can't just like
choose actually you know I kind of like
that name maybe
how many Katherine's qualifies as an
abundance mm 19 possibly 18 what was
your childhood best friend's name ya
know that adorable puppy filter is not
going to trick me person who is clearly
trying to learn the answer to my
security questions what was your dream
job as a kid earthworm scientist how
would you get away with murder well
given that 40% of murders in
Indianapolis go unsolved it's apparently
not that difficult
favorite piece of furniture this lazy
boy in which I've written at least part
of all my books and which was described
by The New Yorker as quote grubby and
quote oatmeal colored and by The Wall
Street Journal as quote tan that's right
my lazy boys been covered by some of
America's finest periodicals and yet
does lazy boy send me recliners for free
no they don't should I read The
Fountainhead but there are so many good
books what's your opinion on sporks I
guess I just feel like they're not very
good at two things honest opinion on
Donald Trump I'm reminded of something
Cyrus Chang once said never wrestle with
a pig you get filthy and besides the pig
likes it what's your favorite reading
position
stee right with music or in silence
usually silence occasionally the
mountain goats band you must listen to
definitely the mountain goats followed
by Hank green and the perfect strangers
favorite Hank song strange charm who the
eff is Hank Hank is a young adult novel
published in 2005 unfortunately I have
no control over the movie rights to Hank
any news on the Looking for Alaska movie
sadly no thoughts on Doctor Who I am
very excited for the new spinoff series
written by my friend Patrick Ness have
you ever shaved your head yeah in high
school they shaved my head and then when
it started to grow back I dyed my hair
fuchsia plum but I had a really bad
reaction to the hair dye so I ended up
with a lot of fuchsia plum dandruff and
I was so stressed out about my fuchsia
plum dandruff I'm so glad I'm not in
high school anymore what is this I
believe that's a sloth through having
eaten too much oversized lollipop is now
barfing a rainbow how do I survive
reading Macbeth I think you have a much
better chance of surviving it than
Macbeth does favourite tree I guess
former Orlando Magic player tree Rollins
favorite season oh definitely season
Kent the music supervisor for The Fault
in Our Stars in Paper Towns movies
favorite dad joke I'm pretty fond of the
ones I just told are you making a
Cooking Channel maybe monopoly or
Scrabble Scrabble how's Willie he's so
good it will he say hi he can't he can't
talk we're newlyweds how do we build a
strong marriage my parents gave us two
words of advice that have been very
helpful mutual generosity can you speak
Spanish no well except I guess I just
did if you could speak any language what
would it be probably Spanish did you
have braces yes for three years Coke or
Pepsi died dr. pepper dinosaurs are
dragons dinos favorite infinity real
numbers is there gonna be more crash
course with you yes more literature this
summer we're reading all these books
what are you reading right now this it's
so good feelings on socks I love them
how excited are you for VidCon very less
than 90 days to go llamas are alpacas
llamas what's your Starbucks order how
can I have like a like a regular just a
large regular coffee just just black
coffee
thank you 50 questions for Matt a tickle
to you on Friday
