good morning John where do I stand here
yeah you know I seem a little dark I
look great we switch places I bet you
look a little dark okay I'm a hot horse
cm well you know we're here in Los
Angeles together for the dftba.com
annual meeting yeah we're talking to all
the people who helped make that that
website work if you need t-shirts
posters mugs plushies keychains check
out dftba.com I'm a little concerned
that you might be graying a little bit
in the temples now I know that I am all
I'm full Grif you are I am out in any
way full gray I am the oldest youtuber
no I am the last living American
youtuber who I last living American you
don't know a true thing John yes we
talked about an episode of dear Hank and
John in the past
that's our podcast out how there was
there were only two possible multiverse
futures in which Donald Trump became the
Republican nominee and in one of them
you're living in the worst time on and
in one of them it was because it was
because a meteor killed all but 12
Americans well he still wasn't elected
president all right John we got some
questions from people I've got questions
from snapchat the kid they snared their
questions and acted to be some question
now we shall answer this question is
what is your favorite form of the potato
oh god are we doing potatoes again no
that was I did not ask for potato this
is a completely unrelated my strongly I
have a strong preference for french fry
the next question is I don't know how to
work my phone do you like snapchat
filters I'm gonna level with you I don't
know how to use snapchat very well but
when I was in Jordan art interpreter
nita sat down with kids and use snapchat
filters and they were crazy about I'm a
mess laughing it was dreaming they
couldn't believe it and then I sat down
next them and I was like actually this
is pretty amazing how cute is this cat
on a scale of like one to ten I'm gonna
say eight yeah it's pretty cute cat put
one in a fight Andrew Jackson or Seattle
Roosevelt can you just say that right
who would win in a fight Andrew Jackson
who should this young woman condition or
shampoo first I'll always shampoo then
condition I never have heard of
condition I didn't even know that
conditioning first was an option you're
just gonna wash out all the conditioned
meant this nerdfighter asks would
vlogbrothers ever do a tour
you should ask because I'm announcing
Hank reading the perfect strangers tour
today right now it's happening I dressed
it Wow where you guys go we're going to
all of these places there I didn't have
to remember alright great but you can
also look at the link in the description
oh yeah tickets all the tickets are
available now yeah they're inexpensive
we're not that popular and then Hank and
I will hopefully go on tour sometime
next year together what's your favorite
food to eat when you're sick you know
it's an old favorite and I know a lot of
people feel this way but I just I really
enjoy Chloraseptic max oh yeah
high-calorie ahh oh well right into the
back of the throat where that where the
strep is and it just makes it not hurt
smells like a doctor's office favorite
Taylor Swift song we're gonna do it on
three ready one two three
shake it off oh my god we should be
brothers suppose the book writing job oh
thanks for asking
woman with anglerfish it's going I'm
writing what word are you on um you mean
the last word that I wrote I'll look
found it I found the word the word is
coffee alright I know a little bit about
your book it includes
a stirring milk into morning coffee no
less oh do you think that that line is
gonna make it um 5050 alright got
another question John can you show us
your sock yes if you were a kitchen
appliance what would you be I'd be a
toaster oven you won't ask why not
really well there's really no reason I
just love toaster ovens I'd be an oven
cuz I'm reliable and I'm hot you are a
reliable hot and inexpensive that's
right very sorry Oh Hank I will see you
on haha
