good morning Hank it's Thursday it's the
fourth day of pizza miss and I have just
one thing to say yeah yeah yeah thank
you for including this in your video
Hank because I actually think about this
man a lot I call him cheese doodles guy
and my current number-one goal in life
is to someday be as excited about
something as cheese doodles guy is about
cheese doodles so it's a weird facet of
human brains but some things cause that
joyful excitement and others don't like
today the World Health Organization
announced that maternal death over the
last 25 years has fallen
44% worldwide this is amazing news
arguably even better news than
discovering cheese doodles in Antarctica
and yet while I'm encouraged by this
news I am NOT cheese doodles guy excited
about it which is so weird humans are so
weird
but anyway Hank this video isn't about
cheese doodles it's Thursday it's
question Thursday the day that I answer
real questions from real nerdfighters
let's get right to it why did you shave
your beard I just started don't like it
- mostly for the mustache joke but also
it's kind of itchy who is your least
favorite Beatle and what is your least
favorite color
Ringo silver that's a funny name I feel
like Ringo silver would have a mustache
and maybe a curious hat and a pet monkey
and together they would solve crimes hey
how many Pizza John shirts can you wear
at the same time oh I can wear all of
them and fairly comfortably as it turns
out nonetheless I think I'm gonna stick
with just the one for now do you know
any more dad jokes
I feel like dad jokes aren't something
you know so much is there something you
are like every time I'm putting away the
dishes I always say Tupperware
Tupperware Tupperware and then I go to
the Tupperware drawer and then say looks
at me with just absolute disgust pizza
or pizza it's always pizza how do you
feel about vegetables they're great on
pizza what should I get my boyfriend for
Christmas might I recommend Pizza John
shoelaces the perfect gift for someone
who has everything except for a way to
keep their shoes on available only
during pizza mess at dftba.com what's
your opinion on a licorice strongly in
favor how do you become well-read I
don't know I mostly read books that are
recommended to me by people that I trust
but I will give you a book
recommendation this
using weird sci-fi book midnight robber
I love it would you consider getting a
real tattoo now that you've gotten a
fake one well I don't think my tattoo is
fake it was just made with water instead
of ink so it's not technically visible
but it's still real I would consider
getting more invisible tattoos what do
you think about ducks well I spent an
inordinate amount of time thinking about
what happens to them when the pond
freezes over in winter I'll tell you
that how do you become okay with being
truly alone okay so I would argue that
you're both never and always truly alone
like you're always truly alone in the
sense that no one can ever fully
comprehend your experience or live
inside your consciousness so you're also
never truly alone but but just like by
virtue of living or having left that
comment you're part of this massive
interconnected web of life on earth and
that web is grateful to have you here
and when I can remember that it helps
give me the energy to connect more
meaningfully with other people whether
it's online or in real life and in turn
that makes me feel more aware of this
big web that I'm part of which makes me
feel less alone what is the opposite of
guacamole
aloma cog in 50 years what country do
you think will be the world's biggest
superpower I think in general nation
states will be slightly less important
than they are now but I'm gonna say
India what's your favorite research
chemical what am i Walter White what
should I get my girlfriend for our three
year anniversary let me answer your
question with a question does your
girlfriend enjoy drinking liquids
because if so she might enjoy this pizza
John travel mug available for pre-order
only during pizza mass at dftba.com how
do I deal with the death of my cactus
well things will get easier with time
but I think for a while at least you're
gonna feel a little prickly I'm sorry I
hate myself do you sell any leftover
Halloween candy if you mean did your
two-year-old daughter still have some
leftover Halloween candy and you eat it
occasionally because she's too and won't
notice then yes Hank happy pizza miss ya
ha now you know I'm excited about pizza
miss I'm just not that excited I'll see
you tomorrow
