good morning John I'm still excited
about pizza business is all very
exciting except for your mustache which
is not exciting at all but you know who
I'm not as excited as this guy oh my god
I consider myself to be something of an
expert and the genres of viral videos
there's there's lots of them there's
epic cute and epic wins epic fails epic
weird for me as a viewer the most pure
and rewarding kind of viral video is the
epic excitement beautiful unabashed
uncontrolled excitement it's such a
wonderful feeling that just watching
other people have it makes me feel
wonderful John today I want to be stupid
excited about the very idea of
excitement Matt we're gonna start out
with Rachel nedra whose voice you may
have heard in a couple of Skrillex songs
among many other things in what I'm sure
is a full and complete life rachel has
competitively stacked cups I'm not sure
how difficult this is I'm not sure how
amazing it is it certainly looks amazing
and impressive but her reaction is the
thing I'm here for now let's look at the
video we started this video with this
guy loves trains I've been waiting for
this moment for months and it's finally
here look at that in 1953 eh oh my god
that or next we have Aleksandr gam who's
hiking across the Antarctic when you're
doing this so you don't have to carry
your supplies the whole way you leave
some of your supplies in caches along
the way so you can pick them up on the
way band in his final cache after
surviving on what I assume is not the
tastiest food in the world he discovers
that he has left some treats yeah yeah
ah yeah I mean he put those cheese
doodles there didn't he know what to
expect I guess he forgot and it was just
the most surprising bag of Cheez doodles
of all time and surprise it seems to be
a part of it not knowing what the
outcome is and then finding indeed that
there is more for example there was
another historic engine on the back at
that other engine than the guy got even
more excited no no it's a PL 2 200 the
snc 50 doesn't end it's amazing to see
people get excited about things that you
just don't understand why they're so
excited but yes yes I feel it too other
times you're right there with that
person like I'm willing to bet there are
a lot of people who wish they might be
able to like grow up and become Luke
Skywalker actually becoming a hero in
the Star Wars saga
not something that happens to Barry many
people and thanks to some foresight and
the internet we get to be there with
John boyega as he sees the Star Wars
teaser trailer and the part that he
plays in it yeah finally this list would
not be complete without the most famous
internet excited guy of all time
Yosemite bears he comes across a double
rainbow that has become through the
magic of the internet and the work of
the Gregory Brothers legendary double
rainbow all the way across the sky it's
sorry sometimes it feels like the only
moment when it's culturally acceptable
to feel that kind of uncontrolled
excitement is in sporting events I'm not
really into sports me the last time I
felt like that level of excitement and
just couldn't control myself was in 2012
when the Curiosity rover definitely was
safe on the surface of Mars
I realize though watching these clips is
that there is so much to be excited
about if people are open to the beauty
and amazingness of nature and of human
accomplishment and of their own
accomplishments they're kind of my
heroes I want to be more like them it's
kind of funny but I feel like it
requires work to say to myself don't
shut it down love things by yourself or
with others and without fears videos for
me are a masterclass in being open to
the wondrousness of nature and of the
human condition and of the cell so I put
them in a playlist in the description
below you can click on it and watch all
of them and it's just a wonderful thing
to do John I'll see you tomorrow
I'm freaking my dog out
screaming back need to make a video and
I'm going to scream during it so just
lay down and just assume that I'm doing
human things that are weird
