good morning Hank it's Tuesday I like
the 16 minutes of your Friday video so
much I thought I'd do a 16 part video of
my own today part 1 the intro dawn part
to our one-week fundraiser for save the
children's work with Syrian refugees has
raised over $15,000 which means 30
thousand dollars with matching which is
a lot of money and it makes me feel
better about the world in general and my
post-operative mouth pain in particular
so thank you part 3 our podcast it's
gonna be called dear Hank and John or as
I like to think of it Dear John and Hank
it'll feature us answering questions
from nerdfighters and dispensing
second-rate advice and giving you the
latest news from AFC Wimbledon and Mars
sir fighters if you want to send us a
question or a problem you can do so
we're at Hank and John at gmail.com part
four and the meanwhile you can listen to
the tour because awesome podcast
featuring Hank and his friends link in
the doobly-doo part 5 Hank last night I
had this weird dream that my friend
Hannah Hart was a professional trapeze
artist working with the trapeze
collective called the Flyers with a Z no
real story there I just wanted to share
that image with you part six hank dftba
records has a new CEO Jo garrett she's
great and she's a nerdfighter and she's
gonna help dftba records get people
awesome stuff in a timely manner I'm so
bad at counting what part are we on I
don't even know part five I'm gonna say
part seven Rosie onna is here I think we
have stolen rosianna halse rojas away
from her native land of England and
brought her here to the United States
with a fancy visa I can't yet reveal to
you the full awesomeness of this but
soon anyway part eight nerdfighteria
sponsored AFC Wimbledon are going to
stay in league two again which is great
news they finished the season in 15th so
they are still a full-time professional
team and if you play the next FIFA game
you can still be AFC Wimbledon and see
our shorts in video game form we also
have some of these awesome nerdfighteria
Wimbledon scarves still available at
dftba.com link in the dooblydoo part 9
in case you're wondering why I'm in
front of this white wall new video
background coming soon part 10 over at
hankgames I'm currently taking a moral
journey through the video game Grand
Theft Auto exploring the question of
whether people truly wield power or the
will to
our ultimately wields people also how do
you play this game without running over
people's feet part 11 Bank of
nerdfighteria update so like ad revenue
from this channel vlogbrothers gets
split in half between the foundation to
decrease worldsuck nerdfighteria charity
and a fund that sponsors educational
content online like physics girl in the
financial diet so far for this year the
foundation to decrease worldsuck has
raised about forty thousand dollars
mostly from people watching ads on
vlogbrothers so thank you for ingesting
all of that advertising but we've also
gotten a bunch of money from tab for a
cause a browser extension that allows
you to make money for charity just by
surfing the web it really does work it
was built by nerdfighters there is a
link in the doobly-doo part 12 if you
are a teacher or student who uses crash
course in school your life is about to
get better because thanks to Bill Gates
we are building curricular materials
around the videos like lesson plans and
primary sources and other stuff that I
don't understand very well because I'm
not an educator but look for that stuff
rolling out before the new school year
alright 13 - Paper Towns movie think the
Paper Towns movie comes out in like 56
days in the United States it comes out
at different times in different places
why I don't know the movie business is
strange but I will be traveling around
the world to support the release of the
Paper Towns movie at least going to
Brazil and the United Kingdom and also
probably some other places I hope I get
to meet lots of nerdfighters part 14
July 24th is not just the release day of
Paper Towns it's also the first day of
VidCon oh that should be a relaxing day
anyway VidCon tickets are probably gonna
sell out in the next couple weeks so
don't get mad at me for not saying
anything about how they were about to
sell out because I just said something
part 15 oh my god I can't believe the
Paper Towns movie comes out in less than
two months it makes me feel that a weird
fear excitement strangly throat thing do
you know that thing I have a complicated
relationship with that feeling Hank but
all things considered I would recommend
it over mouth pain part 16 the outro
Hank I will see you on Friday
