good morning John it is morning which it
usually is now when I make did I say
that out loud I'm going to take you
through a day in the life of me and just
it on my morning baby stuff and now I'm
coming up to the office I don't have
anything on my calendar until around
11:00
so until then arrives I'm working on a
song which I haven't done in a while I
was gonna try to do it as a song
Wednesday but it's just not happening
all right songwriting over I did put it
on my tumblr it still has some problems
but if you want to listen to it it's
there now it's time to choose which
pizza shirt I'm gonna put on Joe's this
drippy pizza I'm to go Mike's I forgot
my computer everyone at work will be
shocked shocked when I am late for the
first meeting of the day which I am at
the dftba warehouse
we're having our staff meeting as a
pretty snowy mountain out there that's
nice dftba.com figures out how to make
cool stuff for online creators and also
how to get that stuff to people who want
it basically in this meeting we had a
bunch of cool ideas for cool things to
make and then we talked about how the
things that we are currently making are
doing everyone is very excited about
pizza this is Rachel she designs the
socks too you can tell by her shirt this
is just a freaking great
2017 license plate right there work
candy corn flavored M&Ms oh that's not
good there that's so bad it tastes like
you like this was a mistake
Go Go staff meeting I beat you upstairs
that our main office we have the events
team mostly VidCon but also pod con this
staff meeting was gathering to talk
about the new space the Anaheim
Convention Center has some pod con
marketing ideas so we can sell more
tickets and the trip that two people
took to see how Blizzcon uses the
Convention Center in Anaheim so we can
steal ideas from Blizzcon he was about
now that I realized that I had no
scheduled time for lunch
luckily that meeting ended soon so I
went and got a burrito I mean
yes they just painted this on this
building and as they were doing it and
noticed different spacing on the sides
oh god it's gonna be there forever
pumpkins going down to the studio oh my
god it's cold down here I just forget I
need wardrobe my shirts I really enjoy
shooting scishow and crash course even
if it is pretty draining the scripts are
always really good these days our
writing staff is legitimately one of the
best in popular science writing in my
opinion we shot a bunch of scripts
including one about animals we thought
we were extinct but weren't for scishow
and one about why gratitude is so good
for people for scishow psyche which is
our new psychology Channel now I'm going
to how to adult to a dog how to adult is
one of our less well-known channels this
video what we were making today was on
how to create and send good thank-you
cards that one unsurprisingly will come
out around Thanksgiving alright I'm done
shooting it's 326 so I have a half an
hour before big staff meeting during
which I can maybe answer emails I don't
know well find out writing good emails
is a is a learned skill some people are
very good at it this is a good email
somebody sent me bad bad news enough for
me but it was done really well good job
person hockey he all the flavors there's
still a chair and then we had our big
all staff meeting which we only do once
a month here the VidCon dftba and
complexly staffs all get together to
keep each other up to date on the big
picture of what's happening at each
company I feel like these staff meetings
could be super boring but actually
they're very entertaining and I find
them to be one of my favorite times of
the day which is I feel like not usually
how staff meetings go and then I go home
I just finished my burrito I'm gonna put
a baby number and babies in bed I had
dinner back up to my office to take a
phone call and edit a video so that's
usually roughly how my days go about
some eating lots of shooting and some
creative process if thrown and usually
they don't end up with me editing a
video at 10 o'clock at night but it's
Pizza Mis and I'm not complaining John I
honestly can't wait to see what you come
up with tomorrow it's so fun to have
like some creative pressure I mean it's
hard but it's fun I love pizza mess and
I'll see what you got for me tomorrow
