good morning Hank it's Tuesday I want to
talk about racism today but I'm already
pretty nervous because one I am
definitely not an expert and two racism
is big and complex and nuanced in the
internet god bless it doesn't really
specialize in nuance but a bunch of
recent surveys have shown that around 75
percent of white Americans do not think
that there is racial bias in the
criminal justice system and a slight
majority of white Americans don't think
that racism is a significant problem in
America but so far as I can tell like
whether systemic bias against African
Americans exists in the United States is
not really a debatable point so I want
to look today at some data okay let's
begin with the criminal justice system
so last year the US Sentencing
Commission released a report showing
that African American men's prison
sentences were on average twenty percent
longer than white men's prison sentences
when they were convicted of similar
crimes and in fact in the past decade
the racial gap in sentencing has been
widening although black people and white
people use illegal drugs in almost
identical rates but black people are
three times more likely to be arrested
for drug possession also African
Americans are far more likely to be
stopped and searched by police at least
in the jurisdictions that keep good
records even though in many cases the
contraband hit rate the chance that an
officer will find something actually
illegal is higher among white people by
the way there's things about all this
stuff in the doobly-doo but there's just
so much checking people convicted of
crimes and then later exonerated by DNA
evidence are disproportionately black
black kids are more likely to be tried
as adults than white kids and more
likely to be sentenced to life in prison
and even after release black former
inmates are less likely to get callbacks
from potential employers than white
former inmates regardless of the crime
committed speaking of which let's turn
to the job market so one of the things
that makes it so hard to isolate race
when trying to study it is that so many
other factors are at work in systemic
injustice right like there's class and
health and wealth none of which are
fully separable from race but okay so a
large 2004 University of Chicago study
submitted thousands of resumes to a huge
variety of employers and all the resumes
were completely identical except for the
applicants name it could be Emily or
Brendan or Leticia or Jamal and Lakeisha
and Jamal got 50 percent fewer callbacks
than Emily and Brendan despite having
literally identical resumes I think I'm
pretty sure that's about race in fact
studies consistently show racial bias
and employment and higher
in the US and also around the world but
I only have four minutes so links in the
dooblydoo in education again the
evidence of systemic bias is pretty
overwhelming for instance among American
high schools with mostly black and
Latino students only 74 percent offer
algebra 2 as a class just 66 percent
offered chemistry the percentages from
mostly white schools are much higher
when it comes to health care you could
write a book about racial bias and in
fact people have but I'll just quote
from an American College of Physicians
report from 2010 overwhelming evidence
shows that racial and ethnic minorities
are prone to poor quality health care
than white Americans even when factors
such as insurance status are controlled
and if the report points out by some
measures including life expectancy which
is really the ultimate measure the
disparity has been increasing for
decades now I want to be clear that most
of this research establishes
correlations which isn't the same thing
as causation like certainly the
tremendous economic inequality right now
in the United States is a factor in
racial disparities but then of course
race also factors into class and
economic status
like for instance much of the racial
wealth disparity in the u.s. is due to
inheritance white people are far more
likely to inherit money and land than
black people are and that's due in large
part to the fact that for almost all of
American history it was basically
impossible for African Americans to
accrue wealth now Hank I'm obviously
just scratching the surface here but to
deny the existence of systemic racism is
to deny a huge body of evidence
indicating that racial bias affects
almost every facet of American life I
think the last thing I want to say is
that well I think statistics and data
are really important I also think it's
important to listen to the voices of
people who have been affected by racism
data is cold in a way that humans are
not and to really understand these
statistics and their impact on the real
lives of real people we need to find
ways to listen to those people Hank I've
put together a playlist and some links
in the doobly-doo as a start Hank I'll
see you on Friday
