good morning Hank it's Wednesday guess
what we're doing hi you know the pizza
cocktail we're making some pizza
cocktails we're using my pizza John shot
glass and then this glass from the hotel
because Hank forgot his beads ajahn Chah
okay first I need some v8 juice some
vodka a mozzarella stick and pepperoni
the super modern take on the Bloody Mary
I hate Bloody Mary's by the way no me
too one of my least favorite some
cocktails you like tear it like this and
then put it on the rim of the glass
no mozzarella stick in the pepperoni I
think our mostly for garnish but you can
stir with the mozzarella stick as well
uh-huh that's bad I didn't know it
tastes good chaser microstrip pretty
good though all the stuff you don't want
goes in there boy that looks exactly
like puke our next cocktail is called
the tipsy John Green Hank I need some
diet dr. pepper and vodka so easy-peasy
pink that's good no good that's the best
i techgripper I've ever had ah that's
vodka ever had the old school
vlogbrothers joke it's equal parts
champagne
dr. pepper and Strawberry Hill but they
didn't have stronger Oh so we're going
with Mike's strawberry lemonade here's
to the species continuing into 2018 OOP
small pleasures really good amazing oh
my god one of the best champagnes I've
ever had a plus plus that's not the best
way to have diet dr. pepper the best way
to have Mike's Hard Lemonade and the
best way to have champagnes are you'll
excuse me while I pour myself another
one how do you make Ovaltine yes Hank
our next cocktail is called the Hank
one-part Strawberry Hill which in this
case is Mike's Hard Lemonade one part
vodka and one part Ovaltine because you
made an Ovaltine joke in the previous
video so you you're the reason we're in
this problem maybe I made a mistake
beautiful like striations and John's
look how pretty it is show it with the
pizza John out so people know that
there's value in that the remote control
all Cheers to town zones to calzones not
good it is a very good one it's called
keep it simple and it's just a shot of
bubbly water for yourself a double hey
Cheers
here's the Willis care a little scarier
long may he live hmm it might be my
favorite of the night Wisconsin hey we
were down to our last drink of the 2017
eying like a g6 the guy who created the
periodic table also created a bug he
defined vodka see so yeah he was a
Russian and and he created the
definition of what vodka was I think
we've gotta get to our last drink of
tonight which isn't it's called the
vlogbrothers classic okay it's
Strawberry Hill with a peep on top what
flavor do you want do you want
marshmallow ghosts or do you want spooky
cats just for future reference peeps
don't have flavor they just have shape
we don't strawberry hill but we have
Mike's harder strawberry lemonade if you
weren't completely incapacitated by the
two and a half units of alcohol you've
had I mean you would understand the
incredible importance of pitching dftba
emerged during don't have to it's such
high quality stuff people will get it
brother we talked about it or not oh I
mean that was almost my favorite
drinking tonight Hank get a hold of
yourself for God's sakes the winner and
the person who's gonna receive all the
pizza Mesmer is the old school
vlogbrothers joke equal parts Strawberry
Hill champagne and diet dr. pepper and
it was delicious I want to fill up
bottles with it and sell it on the black
market I wouldn't go that far
Hank thank you for being here get some
rest and I will see you tomorrow
