good morning it's 5:40 in the morning
the Paper Towns movie starts filming in
like 1 hour and 12 minutes I'm extremely
excited and nervous wait something looks
different oh I got new glasses no that's
not it oh it's the creepy mustache I've
been setting that joke up for more than
two months when I ordered my new glasses
they were like it's gonna be 8 to 10
weeks and I was like perfect I'll grow a
beard
all right that's a shame I can't have
been moving people meet me like this by
the way relevant t-shirt look Hank I
have my own chair
so any people keep asking me what an
executive producer does I don't know I
just listen to the headphones and I get
a chair with my name on it and I think
that's it
hey guys sure this is NAT Wolff who
plays cue in the movie we just started
told me it's not weird just keep doing
bad it's great thank you thanks for
being my video today ok this is like the
only place I can film outside without
giving away our location it's a nice
brisk day here in North Carolina heels
just like Orlando in April so Hank I was
just literally jumping up and down with
Jess and Claire who plays Angela in the
movie because this is all just like so
exciting and wonderful and amazing I
can't I'm gonna have to do my happy
dance but I'm holding the camera so it's
going to look a little weird also
there's like 40 people in the crew you
know who are gonna watch this but
whatever I'm soaked how they look good
all right I'm gonna go back inside
radars house now which is full of black
Santa's I wish I could show you the
black Santa's there are literally
thousands specially things that are
basing about who is like the incredibly
expensive cameras but the thing I will
never get over is the quality of the
porta-potties I mean look at this it is
a porta potty or a mansion but God's
sakes it's got hardwood floors Frank
we've now left radars house when we find
ourselves by a pond that's all I can
tell you I just wanted to quickly
comment on your great video about being
a young person and not voting when I was
a young person I did not vote a lot like
I missed several elections that in
retrospect were pretty important to
American history and I missed them
because well mostly because I was like
nervous and I didn't know how to vote so
I just wanted to say to anyone who's
like me and really nervous about like
the prospect of voting for the first
time I understand that it's a little bit
scary but once you do it you're gonna
feel awesome thank if it looks a little
darker that's because it is a little
darker because we just finished day one
huzzah producer wicked free how you
feeling
ah that seems fake but it's going well
hey guy got back after the end of the
long day and look look look I have a
trailer I have my own trailer it's got
the fancy Hollywood lights some man this
couch is so comfortable I love being an
executive producer I want to be an
executive producer for every movie does
the new divergent movie need an
executive producer because I am
available
no that reminds me of how much I miss
Shailene and Ansel but I am so so
excited about this I think one of the
scenes we filmed today was the first
part of Paper Towns I ever wrote I wrote
it like nine years ago and it was just
so weird and wonderful to see little Q
and little Margo biking up to this you
know dead body sounds weird when I put
it that way but anyway it was wonderful
I cried a little but to be fair crying
hot on movie sets crazy crazy crazy
thanks to everybody involved in the
Paper Towns movie Hank don't forget to
vote nerdfighters in America where over
the age of 18 don't forget to vote and
don't forget to be awesome
I'll see you on Friday
