good morning John good morning Hank
where are its for dhalsim we must be at
the dftba.com warehouse whoa where's the
camera on camera it's question to say
that it's it's it's it's it's question
Tuesday the day that we answer it it's
question Tuesday the day that we answer
we're gonna believe all of those in I
know you have a way I know it's question
Tuesday the day that we answer real
questions from real nerds my day you
sure you don't want up with us on mine
I'm sure I'm just asked on Twitter if
people have any questions for us John
would you like to answer some questions
for people yes that's how question
Tuesday and Friday Jessica would like to
know what were your first car's
microscope was in 1991 Volvo 240 named
Arlo that was my first car to actually
after Arlo got the same car again but
white white smelled more like vomit tank
how after so long have you guys not
gotten tired of each other oh I'm so
tired of you my question is how after
all this time have you guys not gotten
tired John yes evylyn would like to know
how do you find a nerdfighter at your
university one of my favorite ways is to
wear some kind of a nerdfighter clothing
because that tends to attract them lots
of colleges now have nerdfighter clubs
if you don't have a nerdfighter club at
your university you should start one can
start one Michaela asks who is playing
Margo in the Paper Towns movie Hank I am
jess we have been begging Hank there is
no other Margo Roth Spiegelman that's
what we've been saying it's not a
passion project for Hank I'm just really
not interested in the project itself
purely financial I'm the Nic Cage of
John Green movies I'll do any John Green
movie as long as you pay me enough for
Nick Cage absolutely he doesn't want I
have a huge Nic Cage fan actually this
wood is fake that Christopher Walken
now that was Nic Cage from Jack Jack
Musa how about you sing the answer to
the next question
yes hey John yes Beth would like to know
will she be able to buy one of those
posters you signed yes Seth how you sing
we are at the warehouse right now
because John's been signing posters all
day and I've just been watching em by
the way dftba.com ain't gonna do with it
or just go to dftba calm you can just
type it just five letters santa asks any
advice on strengthening relationships
between siblings make a V
Oh blog together I am a big believer
actually in shared projects like Hank
and I are a lot closer because we do
stuff together I think that goes for
most relationship Henry and I were just
making Legos yes oh yeah father-son he
wasn't really doing anything right you
made Legos and he was like go dad do it
and then he would be like that's the bad
guy and I'd be like I don't know I mean
aren't villains complicated is it you
know we don't know that person's
backstory we need to learn to imagine
them complexly
and Henry would say he's really bad I
have a question yeah tell me some more
cute stuff Henry's yeah I don't tell you
one more thing
well we're emphasizing learning how like
knowledge is power Henry said to Sara
the other day you know what's a good
kind of learning and Sara said one and
Henry said
learning how to turn on the TV how does
Henry feel about me is he a fan of Hank
yeah no he said right before I left to
come out here he said I would like you
to give a message to uncle Hank and
Auntie Catherine oh I'm glad that messed
up it's literally the last thing he said
to me before I left I was waiting you
know I was waiting like I love them I
miss them I can't wait to see them oh
come on
he probably watched my videos and he
knows that that's how I talk John yes
thank you for doing question Tuesday
with me it has been my pleasure I'll see
you on Tuesday but also now it's good
roll may be broken but hope is not crazy
I love an ironic enthusiasm how do you
express you an ironic enthusiasm
generally some version of that sometimes
it's in turn can I try yeah did you get
it that's much better than your Nicolas
Cage impression now you have to put it
in the video
