good morning John last video you were
like you always have punishment and I
was like I do we've been to this for a
long time and they've been a lot of
punishable infractions so it's gonna
kind of confuse luckily a bunch of
nerdfighters led by the indestructible
Valery 27 76 have created a spreadsheet
in which all of our punishments and the
reasons why we had them have been listed
and now as a reminder and also a history
lesson and also to figure out what the
heck is going on I'm converting a
spreadsheet into a video and because I
do know when I get punished I'm going
very fast on January 1st 2007 we created
this channel with three rules one you
have to make a video on your day two the
video can't be longer than four minutes
long and three hanka john green cannot
communicate textually first rule is
broken the very same month when John you
see seed me on an email to someone else
which Canada's text to communication you
had to wax your cheek later I did the
exact same things he's seeing John and
had to reenact three of my most
embarrassing moments when sock puppets I
also once wrote see you tomorrow in text
in the end of a video as a result I had
to go out on the streets of Missoula and
try to give away peeps which is how I
met Kurt the punk-rock nerdfighter in
July I just IMed you and then you
replied so we both got punished we did a
shared punishment both dressing up like
the most embarrassing picture we could
find from high school March you missed a
video because you were hospitalized and
you accidentally replied to me on a
forum and so you had to eat a blenderize
happy meal wax your legs and like a cat
I'm not sure why there were three
possibly something about donations to
Daniel missus campaign finally in
December of 2007 during the first
project for awesome I replied to a
comment that you left on a project for
awesome video and thus had to blend
together peeps and Strawberry Hill
flavored citrus wine and drink it while
playing a show to six people not a hoob
know me except for my wife my first show
ever for the rest of long brothers we
abolish the textual communication rule
so now John and I can email each other
which is helpful also alter the schedule
in various different ways and made time
limit exemptions for educational videos
videos with montages in them and videos
that are four minutes in one second long
because YouTube adds a second why
YouTube why'd you add a second in April
of 2008 I'm in a video that was 14
seconds too long I don't know why just
thought messed up that we as a result I
had to sing the song world-wide-web girl
with pigtails in my hair and in October
I accidentally put 30 seconds of
nothingness on the end of my video which
resulted in me dancing on my house
dressed like Carrie Bradshaw from Sex in
the City while singing Rick Astley's
never gonna give you up never gonna
hidden from is Hank roll in June of 2008
you missed a video and had to eat a
sandwich made out of lard and protein
meal la and in November I made a video
that was 2 seconds too long and I had to
spend 15 hours in a target Oh
during VidCon 2010 both of us failed to
upload our video videos in response to
that where your amazing fitness for
nerds video and my Katniss Everdeen
makeup tutorial 2011 a long-standing
agreement to be punished of Helen Hunt
ever saw my Helen Hunt video came to
fruition is that me tweet and then I had
to hump my entire town in 2012 there
were no punishments but there may have
been some punishable infractions I'll
get to that soon in 2013 the very first
punishment dealt to someone who wasn't
you or me was dealt to grace Helbig for
making a video longer than 4 minutes
during your paternity leave it's not
entirely clear whether the rules applied
to her she slapped herself anyway John
in October of 2013 you made of longer
than 4 minute video that was deemed to
not be educational enough and so you
were punished you ate slobber carrots
made by your son here's where it gets
confusing and someone will eventually
clear this up but it is very clear in
2012 we both owed punishments I can't
figure out what they were for I know
that there were punishments because on
October 28th you made a bet with
nerdfighter you know some of you and I
had outstanding punishments but if we
could get to a thousand videos before
nerdfighteria loaned a million dollars
through kiva.org those punishments would
be wiped clean however if they got to a
million dollars first we would double
our punishments we would both have to of
course never underestimate during fight
area a million dollars was indeed loaned
so we each had two punishments we
absolved one of them by doing 6 videos
in a week 3 eat which leaves finally one
punishment each it was your own doing
John
you can't complain John I got a really
good idea from the comments for your
video about what my punishments gonna be
so everybody leave comments for what
John is gonna do in his punishment John
I will see you on Tuesday
