good morning John I live in a city that
most people would call a small town does
all the Montana have 70,000 people in it
when the students are here when they
leave for the summer the population
declines significantly somehow 70,000
people is considered to be a small
number of people it actually is quite a
large number of people but I mean after
all there are some cities that have
stadiums that hold more than 70,000
people so for some perspective Missoula
packs those 70,000 people into 2600
square miles
Manhattan has 22 times more people in 78
times less area and of course there are
many amazing things going on in
Manhattan it isn't just 1.3 million
people it's 1.3 million of the richest
most powerful most influential people on
the planet economic and cultural
creation on the scale of Renaissance
Italy and that is an interesting
comparison because Florence in 1500
contains some of the most powerful
economic and cultural forces the world
has ever known the Medici bankers
Botticelli Machiavelli Michelangelo da
Vinci Brunelleschi revolutionized the
world from the seat of the Renaissance
in Florence Italy and what was the
population of Florence Italy 1.3 million
people no no millions of people no
hundreds of thousands of people 70,000
of course they were tremendous political
and economic and cultural and historical
forces that made Florence the seed of
the Renaissance but one thing that I
believe very deeply in my heart and I
think most historians would agree with
me is that it didn't happen because
there was just some random collection of
really great people great people are
everywhere all the time it just so
happens that only occasionally our
cultural and historical and economic
forces such that they will be remembered
for hundreds or even thousands of years
so I like to think of Missoula as like a
little Florence and everybody walking
around is an unnoticed da Vinci and an
unmade Machiavelli and I think about
what separates the great people that I
remember from the great people that
everyone remembers I think it's a
hundred percent circumstance wanting a
new channel this week with Jessie
Knudsen Castaneda and her husband
Augusto who you may know from their
frequent appearances on scishow they
bring to us animals that they have
rescued so that we can talk about them
in educate the world that's Jessie's
passion that's her
super power Caitlin Hofmeister who's
also the producer of scishow is going to
be documenting the passion and sweat and
toil that it takes to run a small
business and feed hundreds of mouths to
of those mouths happen to be twin infant
children now that I've produced shows
with a bunch of different interesting
people here in Missoula Emily graslie
and Lindsey doe and now Jessie people
have asked me why are there so many
interesting things going on in this one
little small town in Missoula that's the
thing though that's the point there's
interesting things happening everywhere
this isn't a magical place and they're
not magical people it's just people who
have found something that they're
passionate about but yeah that can be a
hard thing to come by I've watched
everyone I've ever known struggle with
that trying to find something that they
believe is important and I'm so grateful
changing topics here really fast that
nerdfighteria has provided that for me
people talk about all the things that
I've been able to do but it is only
because I found something here that I
can believe it because yeah I live in
Missoula Montana but my first allegiance
is to this place community of hundreds
of thousands of people with shared ideas
and values in interest singer than
Missoula and thus even more full of
unappreciated and unnoticed DaVinci's
and Machiavelli's and Brunelleschi's the
only difference between something being
vitally important and not important at
all is whether or not you believe it is
I believe that this is important and
that is a gift that you have given me
thank you
John your life seems like a bit of a
grapefruit right now don't freak out ah
stay sane and I'll see you on Tuesday if
you want to check out Jessi's new
channel there's a link in the
description Enders also if you could
just click over here if you're not on
your phone you can click on that with
your mouse but not on your phone it
doesn't work on phones Boop
