good morning John today we're gonna be
doing something a little bit different
I'm gonna be holding a debate here in my
house around the topic of net neutrality
featuring me an Internet user and me
representing a cable company on opposite
sides of the table literally first
things first for the viewers at home I
think we should just define what net
neutrality is sounds like a fun place to
begin
so no neutrality is the idea that
Internet service providers should
provide access to all of the Internet at
the same speed no matter what content it
is no one gets any preference fair
definition the question is is that a
good idea
like why should I an Internet service
provider have to provide gameofthrones
via BitTorrent at the same speed as I
provided through HBO go oh okay you're
not a law enforcement agency and that's
not your job
but like you shouldn't be determining
how your users use your service it's the
internet you just provide access to it
and but like my concern is that if you
do it to BitTorrent that you'll do it
too like a legitimate competitor to your
business like Netflix for example no one
is talking about doing that I mean you
say that but yeah they are like Comcast
literally slowed down Netflix's internet
connection and force them to pay to get
faster access to their customers like it
happened already Netflix is responsible
for over 30 percent of the bandwidth use
in the u.s. why should all of our
customers regardless of whether they use
Netflix be required to pay for the
massive infrastructure upgrades
necessary to provide that service
of course Netflix should pay but we're
not talking about slowing down Netflix
to make them pay we're just saying we're
gonna speed Netflix up if they do pay if
you sped Netflix up without adding in
your bandwidth didn't you definitionally
slow someone else down in order to speak
Netflix up you are right now for the
first time in American history making
the internet and on level playing fields
you talk high and mighty about economic
efficiency but what creates great
economies is not profit it's competition
which is what you're trying to destroy I
mean the Internet's a mature industry
now we can't keep running around like
it's 1998 hey be fun feel-good times
it's time to buckle down and turn this
thing into a real economic engine we
want to charge customers for access to
content and charge content companies for
access to the customers we get paid
twice it's great for
Russ the internet is not your business
model the Internet is a massive
technological and economic and cultural
force for good that everyone should have
equal access to and your place as a
middleman does not de qui pue magical
powers to extract value would have
returned you have no right to decide
what information goes at what speed
through your pipes and the only though I
mean we're already doing it with Netflix
we're kind of already set the precedent
let's face it this is a complicated
legal thing and with the potential
upside for us we can afford a lot of
lawyers and lobbyists no offense but I
don't think you can plan on our level
guess we'll see John I'll see you on
Tuesday
hi I'm a little bit worried about this I
want the internet to remain open and
neutral in America for selfish and also
altruistic reasons you can help and
please do the FCC is currently asking
for comments please go to comment at the
FCC's website that's linked in the
description tell them to classify
broadband internet as a common carrier
service which will prevent telecoms from
making the internet a closed non neutral
place you want to have more long-term
ways in the description there are a few
organizations that are working on these
issues actually hiring lawyers and
lobbyists to compete with the telecoms
you can give them money you can give
them your time you can give them your
action and you can call your Congress
people I love the internet a lot and I
bet that you do too and I am worried
what's going to happen if we let the
middlemen decide what the internet is
like frankly I don't trust them
