I love science
can you even imagine we're back in the
past man we thought that Slavs were
caused by petty gods fighting on top of
the mountain and yeah I like a good
story but eventually it's gonna for me
if it doesn't have that truth that
incontrovertible testable repeatable
form
I love science
here to argue is the
I love side times people ask me of all
of the centuries which I pick to live
life in well that's pretty easy right
now if you think objectively if you like
hot running water and memory foam beds
and TV shows and cell phones and not
being dead and you love science
I love science Willie man
for Donna
so clearly
I love science
why
there's nothing here to argue
and I love side
that is the first track on my new album
incongruent with Hank green and the
perfect strangers incongruent now has an
official release date that date being
May 7 that's when it will be available
on iTunes it will be shipping out of the
dftba warehouse a little bit before that
all of those things shipping out if you
preorder the album will be signed and
you will also get an email with download
links so that you can download the mp3
because I know not everybody has a CD
drive in their computer anymore and we
are gone on tour after VidCon Los
Angeles San Francisco Portland Seattle
Boise Denver Salt Lake City possibly
Eugene there's a link in the description
if you want to get tickets for some
peculiar reasons it is extra important
that we sell tickets in Seattle Salt
Lake in Denver quickly basically the
people looking the shows don't believe
us because we've never toured before and
we need to show them that we could sell
tickets so they will be nice to us this
is not just me on this tour it is also
Rob Scallon it is also Andrew Huang
it is also Driftless Pony Club the band
of wheezy waiter it is also Haring in
the Potter is going to be a lot of fun
I'm excited about it all the shows are
all ages and all the tickets are under
$20 the bread's is very I love science
John I'll see you on Tuesday
