good morning Hank it's Tuesday I want to
talk today about what's going on in the
Central African Republic but first a
couple preparatory notes one in the u.s.
especially we tend to imagine Africa
monolithically as like poor and
undeveloped and generally other even
though it is a large continent full of
vastly different nations and while today
we're going to talk about an African
state that has struggled more or less
continually since its independence it's
worth remembering that seven of the
world's ten fastest-growing economies
are in Africa - this is speculation but
I think one of the reasons we don't hear
about what's going on in the Central
African Republic is that it's
complicated you know we like narratives
like the rebels versus the Empire or
Perry versus Voldemort or Dora versus
Swiper the Fox I'm sorry watch a lot of
children's TV like we can stand some
shades of grey and our heroes and our
villains but we love to know who the
heroes are and who the villains are and
I think a lot of times when news stories
don't fit that narrative we just ignore
them because the ideal good guys and bad
guys is so central to our understanding
of ourselves and our world that we can't
abandon it and I also think if I can
tangent on a tangent that this is part
of why our interest lags when
international news stories grow like
less narrative ly powerful like it's
easy to root for the rebels in Cairo's
Tahrir Square when they want freedom and
democracy but the actual complex
business of rebuilding a state as we've
seen in Egypt and elsewhere gets
somewhat less attention okay with all
that noted the Central African Republic
is here in you guessed it the center of
Africa although to be fair it has not
often been much of a republic life
expectancy in the CA R is 51 and it's
one of the poorest countries in the
world today so after declaring
independence from France in 1960 there
were several decades of military rule
but then in 1993 there were multi-party
elections and the elected president was
on Salix pad to say and initially the
economy grew under pad to say but he
failed to be able to pay the military
and civil servants which is like one of
the central things that governments do
also there was quite a bit of corruption
and there were several coup attempts
over the next decade so POTUS I remained
president until 2003 when a military
coup finally succeeded military leader
Francois Bozize they succeeded by using
the time-honored tactic of waiting until
the president was out of town and then
quickly seizing the government so
obviously the CA R has long struggled
with security and political stability
like in the east of the country the
Lord's Resistance Army led by Joseph
Kony whom you might remember from his
brief moment of Kony 2012 internet fame
yeah that guy his group has been
murdering and torturing people for
decades in fact it's believed by many
that Kony is hiding out in the Central
African Republic but also both the petha
say and Bozize a regimes relied on
foreign armies from Chad and the
Democratic Republic of Congo and
elsewhere to help like shore up their
governments but security was after
Bozize a took power in 2003 things got
significantly worse so there was this
group the union of democratic forces for
unity that combined with other rebel
groups and began to fight against Bozize
regime in what came to be known as the
Central African bush war this involved
lots of groups like the People's Army
for the restoration of democracy and the
convention of Patriots for justice and
peace but anyway they all banded
together and tried to take down the
government it didn't work finally there
was a peace treaty in 2007 but the
fighting never like totally stopped
okay so flash forward to 2012 several of
the groups from the Central African bush
war unite with some other rebel groups
to form salika which means Union and
most members of salika belong to the CA
ours Muslim minority which is about 15%
of the country's population
they quickly take control of a bunch of
towns in the north in the center and
then other African countries including
Chad send in troops to try to protect
the capital of bangy but it doesn't work
so in March 2013 the capital of the
Central African Republic bangy Falls to
these silicon rebels and Bozize a flees
the country and one of Silica's leaders
a Muslim Michele Johto job becomes
president but almost as soon as silica
takes power there's a lot of infighting
among all of these groups that formed
the Union like it's easy to unify when
you're all battling the government but
then when you have the power everybody
kind of wants some of the power
meanwhile there was never anything
approaching peace and salika militias
committed all kinds of atrocities like
according to Human Rights Watch they
burned dozens of towns and villages they
shot fleeing civilians in the back and
also a huge percentage of the population
has been displaced there are tens of
thousands of Christians who fled to the
bangy Airport and remained there for
months and now we come to the Christian
anti-balaka or anti sword militias these
anti-balaka groups have sought to
respond to silly cos violence with much
more violence and the anti-balaka mass
murder of members of the Muslim minority
is now being called by many a genocide
or at least the beginning of one so in
January 2014 President Joe Tojo resigned
and was replaced by a woman named
Catherine Samba honza but there isn't
currently much of a government to lead
in the Central African Republic last
week the UN approved an 11,000 member
security force that will hopefully bring
an end to the violence but for now it
continues Hank like I said earlier this
conflict is difficult and complicated
and it looks nothing like you know
hobbits versus Sauron but that isn't
only the case in the Central African
Republic I mean who were the good guys
in the American Revolution the Americans
were for freedom and democracy right
well yeah except for slaves who probably
would have been much better off under
the rule of England but what about the
Vietnam War or the French Revolution or
world war one in which so many people
died for so little hey we can't just
ignore stories that don't fit our
understanding of the world and we also
shouldn't try to like change them to
make them fit our preconceived
narratives of humanity we have to make
room in our stories for the world as we
find it and the Central African Republic
reminds us that war is not finally a
story of good versus evil as much as we
might wish it were so let's hope the UN
peacekeepers arrive soon and can live up
to their name I'll see you on Friday
