good morning Hank it's Tuesday I'm doing
a photo shoot in which they want me to
pretend to vlog so I'm going to actually
vlog here all the people taking my
picture woke up in Los Angeles at 6:15
in the morning on Saturday brush my
teeth got my picture taken while taking
moving pictures of myself and then got
on a hotel elevator clearly not designed
for people who fear Heights I don't like
this at all met up with Eleanor & Park
by Rainbow Rowell and and went to USC
for the LA Times Book Festival where my
longtime editor Julie Strauss gable was
talking to my event Joaquin and a 15
year old who has written a fascinating
and wonderful anthropological experiment
slash memoir called popular then I got
to ride in a golf cart you can just see
my Glee before heading backstage to
prepare for my event I was very nervous
backstage but man the lighting was
fantastic Hank before I go on stage for
book stuff now I always remind myself of
my readings and there were many of them
that were attended by between zero and
three people and I give thanks for
Brotherhood 2.0 and nerdfighteria and
for you Hank and then I take a deep
breath and well
so I talked to all these things before
allowing and went over to sign books for
several hours where I met lots of people
with various okay okay shirts and tiffy
O's iPhone cases and tiffy Oh snails and
a dog named Alaska and this couple who
met through nerdfighteria and now are
married then I met up with my friend
Veronica Roth and shortly thereafter
fell asleep in the cab on the way back
to the hotel I was trying to film myself
fake falling asleep but then I actually
fell asleep so it goes woke up the next
morning at 5:15 to watch a Liverpool
Manchester City which was wonderful and
then terrifying and then wonderful again
yes we did a tank we being of course the
people on the pitch the people in the
stadium and me in Los Angeles wearing my
Liverpool jacket then I got to see my
friend T Cooper who wrote changers and
then I had to do a different hotel to
meet oh look it's Ansel Elgort who plays
Gus in The Fault in Our Stars and whose
worldview involves a great deal of
shirtlessness
and frankly who among us can blame him
Sarah was there too and we drank
champagne by the pool which was awesome
and then we got all fancy for the MTV
Movie Awards met up with NAT Wolff and
soon found ourselves on an actual red
carpet Hank I really love nerdfighteria
and the chance to talk about stuff I
care about with people I care about but
I don't particularly want to be like a
real celebrity which is why we've always
turned down TV stuff but I'm really
proud of the tibias movie and I want to
support it and plus I like hanging out
with NAT so there we were on the very
same red carpet as like Jonah Hill and
grumpy cat NAT and I attempted to answer
questions even though the screaming and
the cameras resulted in both of us to
use Internet parlance losing our ability
to even it was really really
overwhelming Hank and interviewers kept
asking me how I was handling the
attention that accompanies a book
becoming a movie and if our community
would change because of it and I wanted
to answer every question by saying I am
freaking out right now
and I found myself thinking of grumpy
cat who in spite of it all remained you
know cat-like and grumpy and I thought
you know what grumpy cat has this thing
figured out so nerdfighteria this is
gonna be weird and hopefully awesome but
let's just focus on continuing to do the
stuff that we're good at okay and on
that subject I hang me from the future
here in a stunning turn of events I find
myself in an airport anyway we are
relaunching the nerdfighter book club
and our new book is going to be behind
the beautiful forevers by Katherine
booyah fascinating and nuanced to look
at poverty and one Indian community so
check it out links in the doobly-doo
