good morning Hank it's Tuesday so when
Sara and I moved to New York in 2005 we
hired some people off Craigslist helped
us move our furniture into our new
apartment including a guy from I think
Eastern Europe and when I asked him why
he'd moved to the United States he said
in New York anyone who can work can work
which is like the best one sentence
summary of an efficient labor market
I've ever heard anyway when he asked me
what I did I told him that my first
novel Looking for Alaska had come out
recently and he said oh I want to work
in publishing and I was thinking you
know yeah book publishing is a good star
to hitch your wagon to and then we went
back to moving boxes flash-forward about
a year I met a big publishing conference
and a guy wearing a suit walks up to me
and says hey I moved you into your
apartment Looking for Alaska and it was
the guy from Craigslist and sure enough
he was working in international sales
for a huge publishing company and that's
the American dream right people come to
our fair shores because here anyone who
can work can work our national
self-understanding is supported by
anecdotes like this from the Craigslist
furniture mover to the impoverished
child turned steel magnate Andrew
Carnegie their Carnegie depending on how
pretentious you are but I think the
actual data is somewhat less dreamy
quick aside all of you saying I should
say data are because data is a plural
noun come on right but anyway 42 percent
of American men raised in the bottom 20
percent of incomes stay there in the UK
that number is 30 percent in Denmark
it's 25 percent in fact by almost any
measure whether you are born rich or
poor in the United States is a better
indicator of whether you will end up
rich or poor than it is in Canada or
your for any country in the developed
world when we talk about socio-economic
mobility and equality of opportunity in
the 21st century we're not really
talking about the American dream we're
talking about the Danish dream here's
another metric that I think is really
interesting economic opportunities for
women in the United States women make 77
cents for every dollar that men make in
the workforce just to be clear that's
horrific aliy unjust but it's also
really economically problematic because
you don't want people to be paid
according to their sex you want them to
be paid according to their skills and
contributions so in the u.s. women make
77 cents for every dude dollar Canada is
actually worse than us but they have a
little bit of a weird economy but in
Australia it's 83 cents in the UK it's
84 in Sweden it's 85 and in Slovenia the
world's most underrated country women
make 90
7.5 cents for every dollar that men make
in the workforce I think the American
Dream remains uniquely American in one
sense we are far more likely than
residents of other countries to believe
that people are rewarded for
intelligence and skill and we're less
likely to believe that coming from a
wealthy family is key to getting ahead
unfortunately like a lot of Dreams what
we're dreaming isn't real like I want to
add that the same regulations and
redistributed tax policies that allow
for better equality of opportunity and
the rest of the world do limit
innovation and that's definitely part of
the reason why hugely innovative
companies like Apple and Twitter and
Google and in-and-out burger all started
in the US but my worry is that systemic
inequality of opportunity will prevent
the most promising future innovators
from getting the opportunities they need
to succeed and I worried that the US
will become progressively less appealing
to the smartest people with the best
skills I mean the place where if you can
work you can work won't be the u.s.
anymore it'll be Denmark or Slovenia
like if you're a female computer
programmer today and you have both a
Slovenian and an American passport
you're probably still best off working
in the United States but if current
trends continue that may not be the case
in a decade and that's why systemic
inequality of opportunity is bad not
just for Americans living in poverty but
for all Americans by the way shout out
to Slovenian readers of cry bozos vets
vow I'm basically fluent in Slovenian
hey girls I wanted to say thanks for
your video and consent and abuse it
really did make me proud to be your
brother del oh my god what is this
Esther day I'll see you on Friday
