good morning John I want to thought this
out by saying that I'm not a doctor I'm
not a counselor I haven't experienced
sexual abuse I'm just a person with some
thoughts that hopefully could be helpful
to some sex is complicated in like every
way imaginable this is not aided by the
fact that we have a general societal
taboo against discussing it so when we
do talk about it it's often shrouded in
metaphors and innuendo and bombast isset
II I means a lot of the sexual norms of
our culture are mysterious and we don't
actually talk about them we just sort of
infer them I think that's dumb and
that's part of why I helped Nick and
Lindsey starts explanation I think that
our culture has kind of a messed up
relationship with sex we somehow have
made these relationships into like
predator-prey relationships like one
person is the you know cruise missile of
desire and the other one is this sweet
chaste little kid and the cruise missile
has to get the Katyn and the kitten runs
away I don't know why it's a cruise
missile on a kid I do know though that
this is a dumb sister I think that a lot
of the joy and Wonder and excitement of
a romantic relationship comes from those
moments of excitedly discovering that
both parties are into this worry we're
both into this that's a great field the
attack missile kitten relationship does
not encourage that I want to be clear
I'm explaining culture but I'm not
excusing the behavior and we're setup to
assume that the kitten is gonna run
whether the kitten wants the cruise
missile or not that enables abuse in my
opinion this is I'm sure not all of the
reason but one of the big reasons why
sexual abuse is so common in our culture
okay I said sexual abuse but what what
is sexual abuse legally the definition
has to be very specific so that it can
stand up in court so it's different
state to state country to country for
the purposes of having a general
definition let's just say that sexual
abuse is when one party is being coerced
into doing something sexual that they do
not want to do that could be because the
victim is incapacitated because the
abuser is an authority figure because
the victim is placed in the dangerous
situation where they feel like they
don't have the option of saying no or
getting out of the situation the gender
of the parties is irrelevant it can be
sex it can be kiss if one person doesn't
want to be doing what they are doing and
they're being coerced or pressured into
doing it than that is abuse it is
ubiquitous and it needs to not be
because it holds us back as a culture
you have to rid ourselves of that
outdated and rotten conception that
sexual relationships are like
predator-prey things let's zoom in for
this romantic relationships can be
wonderful but you have to have that
magical thing consent I'm not saying no
is not the same as saying yes we need to
communicate we need to be sensitive we
need to talk about what we do and don't
want to do we have to respect and not
pressure people when they don't want to
do something this video is part of a
long conversation that is going to
continue to be had for a long time but I
don't have some ideas about how to keep
it moving first we've already started
working with a group of nerdfighters
including some survivors of sexual abuse
who will be working as a task force
against abuse and assault second we want
to produce and fund a series of videos
that discusses abuse and consent and
sexual relationships especially in light
of the new digital world like where to
Skype fit and do it all right and third
we're looking to partner with some
existing sexual assault organizations to
bring their work and their resources
into our community and hopefully into
other online communities as well Jonna
no we're not going to fix the whole
world but I'm pleased to be in a
position where we can at least start to
help enable some positive change I'll
see you on Tuesday if you're in an
abusive relationship or you think you
might be and you're just not sure there
are links in the description to help you
figure out where you're at and to people
who you can call or go to for help
sometimes just figuring out the abusive
nature of a relationship can be a huge
challenge and once you're in there it
can seem like it is impossible to escape
but it is not
