good morning Hank it's Tuesday it's
question Tuesday the day that I answer
real questions from real nerdfighters
let's get right to it why is Hamlet's
father also named Hamlet just some
old-fashioned Shakespearean doubling by
the way that'll be discussed in detail
in next week's crash course literature
do you think the tibias movie is
actually good or do you feel obliged to
say that because it's based off of your
book that's a good question to be
totally honest if I didn't like it I
would still try to find nice things to
say about it like oh the set design is
amazing or men that Ansel Elgort sure
looks good in a Rik Smits Jersey but in
fact I actually love the movie now I
might be wrong I am not at all objective
but yeah I love it do you think people
who read are more empathetic than those
who don't
yeah there are actually studies that
show a correlation between empathy and
reading at least when it comes to
literary fiction where do you stand on
the elbows I don't I only stand on my
feet I'm not very coordinated
I don't watch your videos why should I
look I don't want to criticize anyone
but that is a terrible question Tuesday
question because if I answer it you
definitionally won't hear my
justification for why you should watch
my videos because you don't watch my
videos so it just brings up a bigger
question how do you get to the people
that aren't inside the camera maybe
there's no one inside the camera maybe
I'm just staring into the void oh god I
feel an existential crisis coming on
thoughts on the ocean I don't know the
tide goes in the tide goes out what is
it even really matter anymore
are there more stars in the universe or
grains of sand on earth we'll see that's
an interesting and beautiful question
that makes me grateful to be able to
apprehend the universe suddenly I've
been lifted out of my funk
I think there are more stars more stars
than there are grains of sand on earth
there are a lot of grains of sand anyway
you can find more info in the doobly-doo
how are you enjoying participating in
the art assignment oh it's so fun it's
the most fun I've had in a long time it
actually reminds me of the early days of
vlogbrothers because there's this
tight-knit community like doing projects
together and responding to each other's
work it's just really really awesome how
excited are you for the divergent movie
in two weeks
I am already bought my tickets for
opening day excited what are your
predictions for this year's IndyCar
season how did you guys find out that
I'm a secret fan of IndyCar anyway I
think the Indy 500 is going to be one
for a second time by Tony Kanaan and I
think the series title is going to go to
willpower and yes that is his real name
can you say dftba in french I can try
dftba
why do writers you
symbolism okay let's say that you have a
headache and you want to tell someone
about it you say I have a headache and
other people are like yeah whatever
everybody gets headaches so your
headache is not a regular headache it's
a serious headaches so you say my brain
is on fire to try to help these people
understand that this is a headache that
needs attention that's a metaphor right
and you use it so that you can be
understood now let's say you want to
take those same in majestic principles
but apply them to a much more complex
idea than having a headache like for
instance the yearning that one feels for
one's dreams and you can see the dream
but you can't cross the bay to get to
the green light that embodies your dream
and you want to talk about how
socioeconomic class in America is a
barrier a bay like barrier some would
say that stands between you and the
green light and makes that gap
unbridgeable now you can't just talk
about that stuff directly but when you
talk about it symbolically it becomes
more powerful because instead of being
abstract it becomes kind of observable
so I think that's why all right what's
the next question who has the best bunt
you or Hank I don't think either of us
has the best but the best what I've ever
personally seen is actually Wil
Wheaton's wait did I just think that or
did I say it out loud
have you ever dreamed to be a pizza no
that's one of those drink that seems
initially promising but in fact I think
it would be a horrible nightmare like
just imagine smelling like pizza and
knowing that you would taste like pizza
but then also knowing that if you eat
yourself you will die and ergo not be
able to ever eat pizza again what are
you most excited about right now what a
great question that's something I should
ask myself every day I think right now
it's the art assignment but I want to
know what you're most excited about so
let me know in comments Hank I'll see
you on Friday
