good morning Hank it's Tuesday old
school blog with this video where I sit
down with no idea what I'm going to talk
about about what I'm going to talk
whatever sometimes you need to end a
sentence with a preposition okay so
while I was getting dressed for a
cocktail party I was putting on like
proper fancy pants and everything I was
looking at myself in the mirror and I
said to Sarah I feel like I look like a
middle-aged man in the South pit and
then Sarah Falls for like a quarter
second do long before saying no no you
look great and I realized I look like a
middle-aged man because I am a
middle-aged man like if I die at double
my current age people won't be like oh
it's a tragedy they'll be like yeah he
had a good run could have been better
wasn't terrible right there about Middle
Ages that if you triple your current age
and that's like a reasonable age for a
human being to be then you're not yet
middle-aged I mean heck you're 33 a
triple that you're 99 that's that's
right on the edge I'm 36 you triple that
that's a hundred and eight living 208
doesn't even seem like a good outcome to
me anyway there are tons of obviously
negative things about being middle-aged
but there are also some advantages you
know like the stability of adulthood and
the pleasure of parenting but the
biggest thing Hank is that no one
expects me to know anything about pop
culture which is great because I don't
and this brings us belatedly to Justin
Bieber to be honest with you Hank I know
this sounds crazy but I don't think I've
ever heard a Justin Bieber song actually
I'm gonna listen to like his top five
songs right now and see if I've ever
heard any of them hold on okay this
one's called boyfriend it has like three
hundred million views I haven't heard
this song before it's kind of good is he
a rapper too good song I never heard it
before though alright let's see the next
one okay this one's called this one's
called one time he looks much younger in
this video I kind of like this one as
well although we just run knock with
stop yeah I never heard that song before
in my life okay let's see what's next
beauty and the beat featuring Nicki
Minaj no I have never heard beauty and
to beat I don't I gonna try one more
it's the most view to whenever it's
called baby and features Ludacris just
seems familiar to me I feel like I have
heard this song before I feel like I've
heard it but I feel like I've heard a
cover of it or something anyway that one
is definitely familiar baby featuring
Ludacris is familiar to me so there you
have it I've heard one Justin Bieber
song I think and yet despite my obvious
and complete ignorance of Justin Bieber
and his work I can tell you that Justin
Bieber was recently arrested for DUI
driving a rented Lamborghini and in fact
I can tell you the
of that neighbor gimme it with yellow
why do I know this Hank non rhetorical
question why do I know about it I have
no investment in Justin Bieber I mean I
don't think you should drink and drive
but I don't think anyone should drink
and drive why do I know the color of
that Lamborghini why do I have the image
of Britney Spears's shaved head
imprinted upon my mind where I might be
remembering I don't know how to speak
Dutch or something so I can feel like a
relatively small number of people raises
someone up to the level of celebrity and
then everyone gets to participate in
like relishing their downfall it seems
to me that Justin Bieber is now more
likely to be on the cover of tabloid
magazines than he was back when he was
doing really well like in the baby air
oh baby it's from your song Hank the ice
cream changes song I know it because if
your song if you don't I'm talking about
we gonna do we do but Hank I haven't
heard that Justin Bieber's song I only
heard your cover of it I'm still 0 for
Bieber or I was until I listen to those
songs anyway which I quit like hey I
don't want to excuse anyone's behavior
and I certainly don't want to act like
celebrity is the most troubling form of
oppression out there but I do worry
about the way we approach celebrities
problems with relish not so much because
it's bad for the celebrities but because
I think it might be bad for us I don't
think relentless public chastising much
helps anyone if it did we would see this
happen less and we aren't Hank it's
really hard to choose what we pay
attention to but I think in a lot of
ways it's also one of the most important
choices we make so here's to sober
driving imagining others complexly and
not paying attention to the color of
someone else's rented Lamborghini Hank
I'll see you on Friday
