good morning Hank it's Tuesday thanks
for giving me your cold while we were
together in Florida I'm just kidding no
thanks what is opposite of thanks shanks
shanks for the cold Hank anyway it's
question Tuesday the day that I answer
real questions from real nerdfighters
let's get right to it would you rather
be a world-famous banjo or accordion
player I'm gonna go with world-famous
banjo I mean being an accordion player
it would be fun and everything but I
have to be human and all things being
equal I think I'd rather be a banjo hey
how do you feel about the trailer for
the tiffy ohs movie leaking kind of
upset mostly because the trailer is not
like an iPhone video of a low-res
screener it's in high-definition and
it's beautiful also it is debuting
tomorrow so you can see it then you only
have to wait like 24 hours to hold you
over here is the world premiere of a 10
second teaser I can't tell you how
thankful I am for our little infinity
that is what it really looks like French
the llama
I am excited I'm so trying to make that
into a thing hey speaking of movies if a
movie were to be made about Dave green
who do you think would play him benedict
cumberbatch John do you like Dave green
more than you like Hank I'll tell you
one thing Dave never gave me a horrible
cold my daughter doesn't like pizza is
she a monster doesn't give me any
pleasure to tell you this but yeah I
think she might be a monster I mean it
could be lactose intolerance or a gluten
thing but most likely monster Ness how
excited are you about Esther's book
coming out today so flippin excited this
book is wonderful please run don't walk
to your nearest bookstore to get a copy
there's also link in the doobly-doo
where you can buy one on the Internet
if I'm gonna do a live show tomorrow
read from the book and talk more about
it so I'll see you then have you ever
thought about the fact that guinea pigs
are basically just meat potatoes not
prefer to think of potatoes is like
hairless vegetarian guinea pigs who's
your favorite member of One Direction I
don't know is there a nerdy one hold on
I'll call Meredith and ask who's the
nerdiest member of One Direction all
right Nile thank you Nile is my favorite
member of One Direction I don't know how
to spell his name is it like the river
anyway enough about how old I am let's
move on do you like your handwriting not
really everything I write looks like a
ransom note authored by a seven-year-old
I just ripped Freddie and Zoe and I
can't stop thinking about the quote I'm
sick of not having the courage to be an
absolute nobody what do you think of
that that's one of my favorite lines in
that book actually I think it takes
tremendous courage to do things that are
worth doing rather than like worrying
over whether you're going to be
celebrated for having done them
chocolate chip cookies or Oreos piggy
mint and chocolate chip cookies and
Oreos and the answer to that is yes if
all the drawings you've ever drawn came
to life and followed you around how
would you react have you liked men I
don't know if those are horses or
giraffes but they sure are ugly what US
president would you have play a
character in The Fault in Our Stars
movie all right Gus is Obama hazel is
Thomas Jefferson Hazel's mom and dad are
respectively Millard Fillmore and James
Kate pole Andrew Johnson plays Manhattan
Isaac is played by ulysses s grant with
no beard Patrick the support group
leader Jimmy Carter Gus's mom Martin Van
Buren Gus's dad Ronald Reagan I cast the
whole movie Japanese fishing boat
proceeds for 2013 sadly no still no
fishing book proceeds my tumblr
generates lots of gifs but no income the
fishing boat proceeds joke is now like
fully seven years old and almost no one
gets it but I assume that old
nerdfighters will explain it to new
nerdfighters in comments at what point
am i considered a nerd fine
if you want to be a nerdfighter you
probably already are one favorite
fairytale growing up the Emperor's New
Clothes favorite Museum in Amsterdam the
state of lick do penguins have knees yes
what color are your socks green and
lastly John how many backflips can you
do I think you just kind of you go down
like this and then you just just kick
your legs way up and you do a backflip
huh go on zero zero I can do zero
backflips snack I don't make excuses for
my inability to do a backflip but I did
get pretty close to success even though
you know I have a massive cold that was
caused by you Hank I'll see you on
Friday but before I go here is the
teaser one last time I can't tell you
how thankful I am for our little
infinity
you
