good morning John mommy is still in the
studio they're tracking banjo in the
other room didn't everything to be banjo
dragon on my albums but I'm not here to
talk about music today John I'm here to
talk about how to apologize so I would
of nerdfighteria these past seven years
has been don't forget to be awesome and
that is a good slogan not because it is
easy but because it is hard being
awesome requires constant vigilance and
you will slip up whether because of
ignorance or because of selfishness or
because of outright malice or because
you're drunk but you have a choice after
you've done something crappy you can
transform into one of two things either
you can regain your awesome through
actual apology or you can become the
fart bag a fart bag this is a technical
definition is a person who hurts someone
and then blames the person they hurt for
their pain it's like if I step on your
toe and then you were like L and then I
was like God stop standing everywhere I
understand you didn't mean to step on
the person's toe but you still did and
they're in pain and you caused it so
apologize so I put together some do's
and don'ts on how to be awesome
and not be a fart back don't blame
people for how they feel if you're
telling someone that you've hurt to not
be so sensitive it that there's such a
delicate flower that they don't
understand how the world works they
don't understand your suffering what
you've been through you're in a fart bag
to feel bad I am sick of this idea that
we're supposed to go through life
experiencing the absolute minimum
negative emotions as he did something
sucky you're supposed to feel bad about
it that's the definition of a conscience
that's supposed to go supposed to be
don't if you're apologizing think that
you're asking for forgiveness that's not
what you're doing you have done
something crappy to a person you should
not then like go forward and make
additional requests of them yes you can
hope that your apology results in
forgiveness you can hope for that but
you are not requesting that to figure
out what you did wrong figured out
understand it believe it internalize it
otherwise your apology is just gonna be
a load of poo cuz you're not gonna
actually think you did anything wrong or
you're gonna end up blaming the person
who is hurt
fart bad to figure out why you did the
hurtful things maybe it was
because of ignorance maybe because of
insecurity maybe because you were having
a really super bad day and you really
needed a snack spend that time in your
own head figuring out and then don't
make excuses but do provide context the
other person or the people understanding
why you did what you did
is not going to excuse what you did and
it's not going to fix what you did but
it might help them understand why you
did what you did an understanding is a
really powerful force in human
relationships so just express sympathy
you can express sympathy but not just
that you also have to accept the blame
you are not sorry that your friend is
hurt you are sorry that you hurt your
friend tell the people that you hurt
that you can see what you have done you
know that you cannot undo it but you
will not do it again in the future don't
think that you are losing or that you
are submitting the biggest cause of fart
Baggara is the belief that all social
interactions are zero-sum games and I am
trying to win over you and then if I get
you to apologize then I have won some
kind of battle apologizing is not a sign
of weakness people say that all the time
it's a sign of strength it's a sign that
you and your ego are strong enough to
handle it when you make a mistake it's
been some interesting research on this
actually and it turns out the people who
apologize feel weaker but are perceived
as stronger people whereas fart bags
feel stronger but they are perceived by
the people around them as weaker under
which one of those I'd rather don't
forget to tell the people that you hurt
how you are going to change and finally
do change because otherwise you are just
a very eloquent lying fart bag John I'll
see you on Tuesday
hey guys so today I want to talk about
getting called out and how to apologize
what you're supposed to do when you get
called out and the way to apologize so
that people believe you and know you're
actually committed to change
