good morning John so last week I went to
YouTube like YouTube headquarters the
physical space that YouTube occupies
where all the people who make the site
work I wanted people were there to talk
about educating through online video
which is obviously some that's really
important to me and I'm really
interested in I would show you video of
it but it turns out that you cannot make
videos inside of YouTube which is like a
really great explanation of what the
technical definition of irony is it was
really fantastic really inspiring really
great to talk to teachers about how they
use our content in our classroom I also
got this totally swag headband so
there's bad but it is sometimes a little
bit easy to lose track of what the point
of it all is which is why I'm glad the
YouTube ended the event by taking
everybody to the Exploratorium in San
Francisco which is like the original
science center it's so cool or dorium is
built for young people for students to
interact with and to learn and to teach
themselves and to get excited about
learning but it was amazing to go
through this place with vihart and Derek
from veritasium and Destin from smarter
every day
CGP grey and Henry from minutephysics
because while they are not children they
are mature adults that are extremely
intelligent smart people I've ever met
they are everybody's curious about the
world as the most curious second grader
in this place right education is about
learning and about teaching and about
knowing but I think the most important
piece of it is inspiring curiosity and
understanding how important curiosity is
and I've been thinking about this and I
think the curiosity may be the finest
human quality you can make the argument
for love but long also is is limited it
only reaches so far and it comes along
with like control and envy and you know
a lot of hatred is born in love
curiosity in some ways is like the
opposite of judgment you can't hate
something if you're curious about it and
really you can be curious about
everything curiosity can lead to the
creation of some terrible things I will
admit that I think only is a side effect
is Ayrton oh and understand and seeing
the world as a puzzle that's begging to
be solved is just
really lovely it's one of my very
favorite hobbies and I like to take that
information and then scrunch it up into
interesting shapes and then share it
back out with the world if I can share
that feeling and put it out there to the
world and have more people who are
curious more people who see the world of
that kind of puzzle or who want to know
for knowing sake I think that that's a
really good path for the world to be
walking down to be a better place in the
future very happy very lucky to be a
part of that so thanks to all the people
who made that event so great John I'm
sorry that you can be there but I guess
that filming a movie in Amsterdam is a
pretty good excuse I loved your video
this week really important I think for
for us just you and me as brothers but
also for this whole community I love
explaining things but I also love doing
things that could never have been done
before because this is such an
interesting community I think if you
really feel like it's unique in the
history of the world and so that's cool
right being able to come together and
use this interest to do cool things
that's the most interesting opportunity
that we have there are for example lots
of genius and terrifying punishment
suggestions we're going to get them
together then we're gonna have a poll it
also occurs to me that it is October and
it is pumpkin-carving season so we're
gonna have a contest nerdfighter pumpkin
carvings there's a post on our pants
there's a link to it in the description
post your nerdfighter pumpkin carvings
in there the top 10 by a number of
upvotes they get on the forum will
receive a look from my bookshelf that I
think you should read inscribed from me
to you and we will also of course
feature the pumpkins in a video John
thank you for being awesome and I will
see you on Tuesday
