good morning hey hey you just got sent
over to by members of the support group
from The Fault in Our Stars movie I've
been on set for the movie for the last
couple weeks and very little news like
penetrates the bubble of the movie so I
want to thank you for your video about
the government shutdown which I
previously didn't understand at all and
now understand only in the sense that
I'm like are you serious that really
anyway great video so earlier this week
I got to ask Ansel Elgort who plays at
Gus's waters and the movie some real
questions from real nerdfighters you
ready hold on I gotta use my thumbprint
got my face all wide what was fine
thanks today's don't touch don't touch
it's not for it's not for regular people
like for specials what's it like working
with a brilliant author like John Green
um you know what I thought it would be
better I was like affecting much more
there's a lot of people asking if what
they call Jon soul is going to be a
thing yeah I think it's already I think
it's a thing it's a thing I ship it did
yeah um my for my wife who's here on set
was like um on Twitter you're acting
like you have a crush on Ansel and I was
like cuz I do acting what was your
favorite scene to film in the movie so
far
Friday night we did the scene in the car
we're gonna executive those boilers
that's perfect I think people will know
what that refers to
but people who haven't read the book
won't be spoiled expert that was your
favorite yeah it was pretty that was I
think that's my favorite scene you've
ever done as an actor so tell me the
story of how you found out that you've
gotten the part I was in Chicago not
shooting the version and on divergent me
and Shay had become friends and I was
going to New York City for the weekend
she gave me a package so do not open
this package whatever you do I said why
not she said just don't open it I got on
the airplane everything whatever go home
four days passed still can't open a
package
then I got a call from Josh boom he says
pants the trailing give you a package
and I say yeah said open up the package
so I open up the package was really hard
to open it was a comforting tape was
very secure package and inside was it
rotten does she's in tomato sandwich I
said we're going Amsterdam and that's
how I know I got the part
oh my goodness is that not the cutest
thing you've ever heard also well and
said I got to interview Mike Birbiglia
one of my favorite comedian slash people
who plays Patrick in the movie what
attracted me to the movie was originally
is the book well it was telling you the
exact sequence of events and then we can
make up true diversion for this
basically Birbiglia love the spectacular
now became friends with the
screenwriters who recommended the folder
start whatever the story we made up is
much better here's a version of the
story that might be better for the
television um read I read the book it
was a real issue especially Matt wrote
me little let I need that a letter a
letter is a letter letter and it was the
longhand like in the Middle Ages yeah it
was on a scroll yeah and and you said
where is this weird scroll Oh strange it
finally said in a fun but I saw this
guy's movie yeah he's pretty funny right
and he should play Augustus yes and then
yes Odie obvious joke the studio was
like he's a little old mmm yeah yeah so
so they know what went on oh yeah I'm
not fairly not yeah or they were wrong
yeah yeah who do so announces oh it's so
sweet um we're not just outgoing were
terrified yeah no it's the worse you
know one of the worst dogs I've ever had
in my life oh you didn't prompt me that
you're getting why would i guys we did
good yeah good good interview ain't
clearly on this my calling I should have
been a professional interviewer anyway
I'll see you on Friday
no it is Friday I'll see you on Tuesday
what I why don't we switch up it's
making everything weird if the
government on shutdown none of this
would've happened it would have been me
Tuesday Hank Friday me - now who even
knows anymore I'll see you at some
indeterminate point in the future thanks
government
