good morning John and welcome to a
special edition of let's understand the
news cuz this morning my government shut
down okay so yesterday in America we had
a government today a little less what
does it mean is the military still
protecting us who's gonna search my bags
at the airport why did it happen how is
even possible who is responsible what is
in my mouth lose the hair was it there
was a hair in my mouth let's go through
it here in America there are two
different rooms full of people who make
the rules in order for something to
become a law they have to agree on it
also somewhat importantly they approve
the budget which is basically the law
that makes it legal for the government
to spend money the budget is given to
Congress by the President and that it is
treated like any other bill which is to
say very poor often that abuse of the
budget will take so long that Congress
will have to pass a continuing
resolution because they won't be ready
to put the new budget into effect when
the old budget comes out of effect the
continuing resolution basically just
said let's just do what the old budget
did for a few more weeks while we get
our act together these are generally
very easy to pass because the one very
small step away from doing absolutely
nothing is that Obamacare which was
passed into law in 2010 and upheld by
the Supreme Court today went into full
swing and the Republicans are not done
fighting it Republican that House of
Representatives voted on the continuing
resolution with a little thing added
that said Obamacare not gonna happen for
another year the democrat-controlled
Senate is then like no that's not what
the continuing resolution is for it's to
keep the government from shutting down
not making sweeping changes to the most
significant piece of domestic policy in
50 years then the house was like come on
at least come over and talk to us we got
ruby air and the Senate is like no man
holding the government hostage way not
cool and I'm gonna like Ruby ran in the
house was like see everybody the Senate
won't even talk to us they're just too
cool for school they want the government
to shut down who doesn't like Ruby
interestingly the health care system is
funded separately from other stuff so
indeed Obamacare went into effect
despite the government shutdown today
who want to learn what Obamacare is
about we just launched a new channel
called healthcare triage and uploaded a
video about that very topic go watch it
now go watch it later whatever other
Republicans don't actually think that
they're going to stop Obamacare which is
weird right to leave a problem here if
that politicians have over the years
redrawn their district lines so that
they are more and more Republican or
more and more Democrats this way it's
easier to win any given a
election however its radicalized the
district so that if you want to like
represent your ultra Republican or ultra
Democrat district you have to be really
uncooperative in terrible at being
Congress that's sort of the root of the
problem here
not an easy problem to fix as far as
what the government shutdown needs
things like museums and national parks
the EPA NASA those things just close
down basically but things like Defense
Transportation Security Border Patrol
food inspectors emergency readiness
those people are accepted and they get
to go to work today Postal Service is
self-funded so that's fine Social
Security and Medicare and Medicaid are
all separate from this so they continue
operating starting today about 800,000
people are out of the job including a
very good friend of mine so I'm kind of
mad about that until Congress gets
attacked together no one knows how
quickly this will be resolved it could
be three days it could be three weeks
but it will be resolved because I have
confidence that Congress wants the
country to exist people will lose pay we
probably will lose some great employees
to the private sector and the whole
world will laugh at our inability to
complete even the most mundane tasks
it's embarrassing and stupid and to be
frank at the dangerous game we're
playing but we will get through it John
I'll see you on Friday
