good morning Hank it's Tuesday so for
the last few months I have been working
out a few times a week with a trainer
named Shawn and he has changed my life
considerably like I can now run 6 miles
in under an hour although all things
being equal I would still prefer not to
also not to brag I can now benchpress
100 pounds 15 times in a row which I
believe according to the law of
transitive benching means that I can
benchpress 1500 pounds one time in a row
anyway I bring this up to explain why
I've been listening to the Drake song
started from the bottom now we hear a
lot recently it is an excellent song to
run to Hank I'm not sure you're familiar
with this song fortunately 90% of its
lyrics are in its title it's basically
about how drake started from the bottom
and then he and his crew are now at the
top meanwhile I have also been rereading
the autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
Benjamin Franklin was a founding father
of the United States and he invented the
lightning rod and five focal x' and
started universities and fire
departments and libraries he was a very
interesting guy and then recently it
occurred to me not to sound like a
compliment professor anything that
Benjamin Franklin's autobiography and
Drake song started from the bottom now
we here are really interesting and
problematic to consider together stay
with me first there are the superficial
connections they're both successful
people's narratives about success like
Benjamin Franklin negotiated important
treaties with the French Drake says that
there really ain't much popping off in
the music industry without him also both
narratives are just a smidge repetitive
like the titular course of the Drake
song appears like 35 times in three
minutes
and Benjamin Franklin while he was a
very talented guy and everything over
uses a lot of words most notably
ingenious I mean if you could read
Benjamin Franklin thinks you're
ingenious but there are also much deeper
connections so the most famous moment of
Benjamin Franklin's autobiography is
when he is kicked out of his
apprenticeship in his hometown and they
lights out for the fair shores of
Philadelphia arriving with only one
copper shilling and a dream he spends
the copper shilling on three loaves of
bread two of which he gives to people
who are less fortunate than he and then
fortified only by that single loaf of
bread he builds a massive printing
Empire and becomes the founding father
of America Benjamin Franklin's story is
the American Dream of rugged individual
making his or her but usually his way to
the top find nothing but hard work and
ingenious audacity yeah except that
Benjamin Franklin didn't start from the
bottom he was from a family of wealthy
printers aside from that famous copper
shilling he also took to Philip
via a letter of recommendation from the
governor of the colony and he was the
right class and the right gender and the
right race to become Benjamin Franklin
essentially the Benjamin Franklin story
has started in the upper middle than I
really got very near the top but George
Washington is still a little bit above
me I was close similarly Drake did not
actually start from the bottom for one
thing he is Canadian which is arguably
the best place to be born in the world
today also his mom is a teacher and
furthermore from a very early age Drake
had a lucrative gig as a cast member on
the television program Degrassi Degrassi
Degrassi Sarah's here by the way
ensuring the success narratives we hear
are almost always privileged narratives
and they almost never acknowledge that
privilege now none of this is to
denigrate the accomplishments of Drake
or Benjamin Franklin no other Degrassi
alums for instance are on the road
making half a million for a show and no
other person in the 18th century
invented bifocals despite many people
having Benjamin Franklin's privileges or
even more privileges but the underlying
idea of the self-made individual who
heroically on their own builds a
successful career in music or business
or writing or whatever is just deeply
flawed and as long as we believe it we
will collaborate too little and judge
others too often in the end echo I'm
probably a bigger fan of Benjamin
Franklin I appreciate Drake's retelling
of his own story more because while he
says started from the bottom which he
didn't he also says now my whole crew is
here drank acknowledges in a way Ben
Franklin never does that his success
sprang from and was fueled by a weed and
that's always the true thang I didn't
develop this astonishingly athletic body
on my own
break didn't make his success on his own
even Ben Franklin relied on English
opticians to help him invent the bifocal
and speaking of how much I enjoy
collaboration Hank I'll see you on
Friday
