good morning John so I got some good
news I got some bad news about Syria
that's a lie I only have bad news it is
only bad news it is a terrible situation
but there is no solving problems that
you don't understand so here it is a
next five or six minutes we're gonna
understand Syria at least more than we
did before all right let's start at the
foundation of Syria a bunch of Western
powers are introducing the idea of
nation-states to the rest of the world
they draw a shape on a piece of paper
and say this shape shall be Syria inside
that shape are lots of different sorts
of people who have various degrees of
historical and social ties there are
Christians in Druze and Sunni Muslims
and Alla whites and of course pluralism
does not necessarily breed violence but
we let just wait and see fast forward to
the Cold War the first world of the USA
and the second world of the USSR are
nabbing up alliances with the third
world of everyone else
Russia nabbed Syria through a
combination of diplomacy and giving guns
they helped the ostensibly socialist
bath party take control in Syria the
bath party was run by Alouettes the
leader was a guy whose last name was
Assad the father of the current Assad
and even though the Cold War is now over
though apparently no one has told the
United States defense budget Russia
continues to be closely allied with
Syria and relies on Syria for its sweet
warm water ports which Russia lacks
because it is Russia in the years since
the bath party took over in 1970 Syria
has become kind of a segregated place
the scholarships go to allow each
children government contracts go to
allow a businesses there are literally
lanes of traffic that only Alawite
people are allowed to drive in majority
of Syria are Sunni Muslim the official
Sunni Muslim stands on a low i'ts is
that they have rejected the teachings of
Islam that combined to the fact that
they've been repressed for like 40 years
creates some sectarian tension that
during the Arab Spring broke open this
is a struggle between a powerful
minority and a disenfranchised majority
peaceful pro-democracy protests were
swiftly punished by the Assad regime
first by putting people in jail then
they kept protesting then they started
to kill them then they protested more
violently then they started to torture
their children and killed their families
it's bad then the big hunk of the army
defected and became the Free Syrian Army
he continues however to get more
confusing while the original protest was
a
throw democracy protests and there are
still many rebels fighting for
democratic future are now tons of
different rebel groups that all want
different things and some of them like
each other and some of them don't some
of them love al-qaeda and some of them
love democracy Isis in Star Wars there's
no Rebel Alliance it's messy and it's
muddy and to make things worse if we are
talking about star wars here Assad has
basically killed Luke Skywalker and Han
and Leia and blown up Alderaan and
Admiral Ackbar's gone to Sods forces
have killed so many non Alawite civilian
and military leaders that it's
completely unclear who that would take
over if he left now for years all this
was happening outside of the
international spotlight but then
chemical weapon President Obama had
previously stated there is a red line
and that if Syria uses chemical weapons
something and it looks as if Assad's
forces did use chemical weapons sarin
gas was definitely used and it was
definitely used on the enemies of
Assad's regime how claims to the
contrary to me feel very much like 1960s
America where white people actually
believed that African American radicals
bombed an african-american church in
order to make the KKK look bad
ah Russia has veto power in the UN
Security Council and they have never
allowed the UN to take action against
Assad because Russia loves Assad and
he's the only I they have the Middle
East and those warm water poles Obama
wants to enforce his red line even
without the UN support and the American
people are like oh god no not again no
presidents like well once upon a time it
was Congress's job to decide whether or
not we attacked other countries so let's
let them decide which is funny because
as we all know if Congress were on fire
Congress could not pass the pour water
on Congress act just like Russia needs
Assad Assad needs Russia and so Assad is
willing to do a lot of what Russia tells
him to do which leads us to John Kerry
making the weirdest possible accidental
act of diplomacy of all time when he was
like yeah I mean Assad could prevent us
from attacking them to dissuade us by
giving us all of his chemical weapons
he's not gonna happen but he could do it
and Russia it was like oh hey ha oh we
can do that it's nice for Russia because
now they get to put on the well-mannered
diplomatic hero hat which they don't get
to wear very much lately due to all of
their corruption and dismantling of
democracy and freedom let's not forget
that Russia blocking any possum
action by the UN is why we are in this
mess in the first place
now it's possible that Russia is just
enabling Assad stalling and if it
happens it will be extremely complicated
to collect a bunch of chemical weapons
out of a country that is in the middle
of a civil war that would be an
excellent outcome to be able to enforce
the international norm against chemical
weapons not have to blow anything up or
ask Congress to do anything when it
comes down to it that anyone who said
that they know what we should do in this
situation is either being disingenuous
or they don't know what they're talking
about maybe attacking Assad and
empowering the rebels will save millions
of lives maybe it will cost millions of
lives maybe the power vacuum left by
Assad would be filled with Islamists who
would be sympathetic to al-qaeda problem
with the future is that it is unknowable
and so we don't really know what we
should do but there is something that we
can do maybe not for the overall
geopolitics of the situation but for
individual people Syrian civil war has
displaced over two million people and if
you would like to join me and donated to
the UN refugee agency that money will go
to helping those people rebuild their
lives John I'll see you on Tuesday
