good morning John thanks for the update
on America's health care situation
something tells me that this isn't going
to be the last video where you talk
about that for people who aren't in
America sorry
it's a really big deal for us right now
sometimes are really surprised by what
people of the world want to see and of
course sometimes you want to see silly
videos sometimes you want to see
complicated videos where we explain
things and one of the things that really
surprised me we did the nerdfighter
survey a huge majority of people said
that they wished I would spend more time
writing and producing and releasing
songs so this is really done this is
like textbook example of my brain being
broken when I released the vlogbrothers
video I look at the number of likes and
dislikes that the video gets average we
get about 12,000 likes and about a
hundred dislike when I put up a song and
this is gonna sound really dumb the
number of dislikes will be like double
the usual that's still only 200 people
of 200,000 people disliking the video
but because it's more than usual my
brain says that's not as good as the
normal videos so stop doing those for so
long I pushed making new music to the
back burner because I felt like it
wasn't as successful with the other
kinds of videos we made yeah after I got
the survey results that lots of people
wanted me to make more music I started
making more music for example I just
wrote a song called undigested lump
which it's about being super angry at
someone and insulting them using only
Shakespearean insults and I'm going to
play it for you right now well I got a
lot of things I'd like to say to you and
also just a few I'd like to actually do
but I don't want to go to jail and
sometimes I words fan and I don't wanna
let the worst parts of me prevail saying
what's on my mind for me it's always
been hard so I'm just gonna leave this
to the words of the bard get out of my
side thou dost infect my eyes will
dominate a man now of my advice go
braggart violent am furious white fight
on out Venom's all the worms of Nile o
Hellmouth be empty X the devil is here
I've been memorizing Shakespeare for
nigh on a year so I was ready for this
after what you did you'll be lucky if
you leave here in you still exist you
never knew when to shut it you curtains
for hounds it's the empty its vessel
that means allow the sounds get out of
my sight now John Steinbeck my eyes
welled Abby made a man out of ice go
grab your file and damn furious wife
died on out Venom's all the worms of now
injurious genious you bought use
apprentice remorseless treacherous
lecherous dogfish
now one drunken heretic slave you're not
worth another word or else I'd call you
but call you a name
so you might notice that was a little
short a couple of the verses off cuz
it's got a little bit dirty also this
video wouldn't have fit into a
four-minute video if I left the verse on
so vlogbrothers rules I'll be working on
an album in November and October a bunch
of my favorite YouTube musicians are
gonna be helping me also probably some
of my favorite wizard rock musicians
it's gonna be maybe a different level
from my other albums not to say that my
other albums aren't great I'm pointing
at them they're right over there on that
shelf I wanted to be a little more
musically cohesive energetic but not so
weirdly genre isolated with like punk
rock next to polka not that there's
anything wrong with that instead I want
to like mash and like have some flow so
it's punk rock polka instead of punk
rock polka God now I have to put a punk
rock polka song on the oh well
nerdfighteria thank you for supporting
me and something that I really love
doing I'm sorry that I was being dumb
about it and yay
now more music I punched my microphone
calm down
Sanda yeah thank you and John I'll see
you on Tuesday the shirt says Billa peds
are like ten times better than
centipedes every time I wear this shirt
people in the comments what our Millah
beats like okay it's Threadless shirt
I'll put a link in the description also
cuz I kind of feel like I'm getting back
in the game I just put my two studio
albums up as a bundle on dftba comm for
$15 which is a screaming deal so if
you're interested in getting my music it
is available
