good morning Hank it's Tuesday so I want
to talk about shailene woodley and her
beautiful hair but let's begin at the
University of California at Berkeley
where for the last couple years
psychologists have been engaging in a
series of fascinating experiments
centered on the board game Monopoly
because you know that's what's like I'll
just do with grant money so all these
Monopoly games are set up but in each of
them one player has a huge advantage
like starting with more money for
instance basically the game is rigged
but the crazy thing is that the people
the game is rigged in favor of come to
believe over time that the game is more
fair than it actually is and that in
fact they deserve their advantages
similarly a bunch of studies have shown
that rich and or successful people tend
to be the least empathetic the least
generous and this is completely true
Hank they are more likely to steal candy
from a baby this is all a function of
something called the just world fallacy
most of us believe and in fact can't
help but believe that people in essence
get what they deserve in life and the
just world fallacy has the effect of
making rich or successful people less
empathetic and less generous because
they believe that they deserve their
success and that also people who are
less successful deserve that lack of
success but it's important to note that
this doesn't just apply to like Wall
Street bankers it's also true for all of
us
like Hank the vast majority people
watching this video feel entitled to own
or at least regularly ride in cars and
yet if all seven billion people on earth
have the same relationship with
automobiles that I have we would be
totally screwed as a planet not just
echo logically but also the traffic but
the weird is that most troubling part of
this research is that no matter who you
give the advantage to in these rigged
games of monopoly people tend to behave
in pretty much the same way Hank that
means that on some level people aren't
wielding power power is wielding people
I've been thinking about this ever since
noted rapper in public intellectual Lupe
Fiasco tweeted about it when man does
harnessed power can he only do so in the
same tradition as those who have had it
before him and thus yield only the same
results as those who had power before
him I often disagree with Lupe Fiasco
but those are very interesting and
provocative questions like we all know
the disappointment of electing a new
leader and expecting things to really
change only to find out that change is
sort of measured but maybe that's true
not only in politics but also at like
middle school playgrounds the monopoly
experiments imply that maybe in the end
individuals are just vehicles through
which power is wielded
think that would mean that even very
powerful people are in fact not that
powerful at all they're just doing what
power tells them to do Hank I'm
concerned about this in my own life he
said just noticing that his shirt
matches the wall right but anyway I'm
concerned about it because I want
nerdfighteria to be an active and
effective force against worldsuck and I
don't want it to be just another
community whose goal is to become big
and powerful but it's really hard both
personally and communally to resist that
urge toward power and that's why we're
going to try to make things even more
transparent around here so that
nerdfighteria can hold us accountable
and so that we can work together to
decrease worldsuck
effectively which brings me at long last
to shailene woodley and her hair so hang
shave lean is going to play hazel on The
Fault in Our Stars movie and shave lean
is that rare soul who despite becoming
successful stays weird and empathetic
and just wonderful
like she's often called it hippie by the
media but it's mostly because she cares
about ethical eating and trying to
minimize her footprint which by the way
so does hazel grace Lancaster anyway
last week Shay glean had a great idea
just to cut her hair to play hazel grace
of course and she's going to donate her
hair to children with hair loss an
organization that provides free wigs to
kids who've lost their hair because of
illnesses or burns and I'm going to
donate some money to that organization
so they can make the wigs because I do
not have enough hair although some wives
would argue that I maybe have too much
on my face but anyway I thought it would
be cool if other people wanted to join
Shailene in doing this you need at least
eight inches of hair more info in the
doobly-doo
so to summarize hank I hope we can be
aware of the unfair monopoly trap and
try not to fall into it let's try to
remember that the world isn't just
because only then will we have the power
to change it Hank I'll see you on Friday
