so VidCon was fun so fun in fact that I
mostly forgot to videotape anything
except for this can you say hi oh and
also this versus occupy just kinda
gaming you I called everyone daddy in
but you're like actually a tab and this
creepy shot from a distance footage of
Jack and Finn
so yeah VidCon was awesome and thank you
so much to the staff and the volunteers
and to you Hank I mean it was just so
fun but it was not restful for example
three hours before I left the hotel for
the airport to go home I was playing the
Saved by the Bell board game with you
and a bunch of other people and in
general I got very little sleep last
week fortunately I came home to one
child with strep throat and another
child who is eight weeks old and
apparently a relative of the kinkajou
because she is small adorable and
seemingly nocturnal so I'm very tired
however last night at 2:30 in the
morning while I was up with Henry I had
my very first million dollar idea so
like you know about this but
nerdfighters don't so I'm going to
explain it to them for the last six or
so years Hank has called me on average
I'd say about once a week and the first
thing he says to me is I have a million
dollar idea sometimes these million
dollar ideas are excellent like the
project for awesome or VidCon or dftba
records sometimes they seem terrible but
turn out to be great like 2d glasses and
usually they're just actually terrible
like the time Hank called me and said I
have a million dollar idea
Hank games times two it's just Hank
games sped up so it's twice as fast
anyway the one thing that all these
million dollar ideas have in common is
that none of them has ever made me a
million dollars in fact most of them are
about like charity but my million dollar
idea is different Hank it is an actual
million dollar idea I just can't
implement it because I don't know how to
do the programming of the apps okay
there's an app and you download it for
your phone or more likely your
teenager's phone and what it does is it
starts crying and you can choose
different ways to try to soothe your
phone baby like you can
you can give it a pacifier you can shush
it sometimes these things work and your
phone baby will go to sleep and then you
will be able to use your phone but other
times they won't work and your phone
baby will just keep crying and then you
will try to put your phone on mute but
no that is not allowed the phone maybe
will keep crying but then eventually
your phone baby will go to sleep and she
will sleep peacefully for two and a half
to three hours at which point she will
wake up and that will happen 24 hours a
day seven days a week for 12 weeks then
the frequency of your phone baby's
crying will slow down a lot but still
every few months something will happen
to your phone baby and she'll get upset
again and cry out in the middle of the
night then you'll have to spend hours
pushing buttons trying to figure out
what is not my solve you I know what
you're thinking hey this app won't work
with iPhones or Android phones or any
phones because you can just turn them
off well Hank things are gonna change in
the phone world thanks to my
million-dollar idea yeah it's not that
good of idea it's like all your
million-dollar ideas actually it's worse
than yours remember when you called me
and you are like I want to make 2d
glasses they're gonna take 3d movies and
they're gonna render them in a crisp two
dimensions but I need a thousand dollars
from you in order to start this company
and I said go suck it and now Hank here
you are two years later loan king of a
2d glasses empire yeah let's face the
neck I'm never gonna be the brains of
this operation but I can't tell you how
grateful I am to be a part of it thank
you for being awesome thank you for the
gift of VidCon
dftba I will see you on Friday I said
both thank you for being awesome and
don't forget to be awesome but I guess
they both applied really because like
thank you but also don't forget to
continue to be awesome I make sense
the FTC B I'm so tired
