good morning John I'm here in beautiful
Anaheim California to get see out the
window cuz it's very late I'm here for
VidCon but I'm gonna do all the people
who aren't at VidCon a favor and not
talk about VidCon is that okay here's
the situation I don't like flying I
don't like when somebody tells me when I
can and cannot go to the bathroom I get
nosebleeds get slightly airsick and
don't like being away from the internet
and plane smells kind of funny I end up
doing it a lot anyway and I kind of feel
like I'm getting pretty good at it so
maybe there's some wisdom that I can
impart to the world so without further
ado here are my seventeen tips to make
your travel day less terrible don't try
and pack everything you might ever
possibly need make some hard decisions
I'm going on a three week long trip and
this is my bag now I know I don't care
that much about the this and yeah I only
own one pair of shoes but if I could get
it into that then you can get it into
one bag and that's just gonna make your
life way easier you're not your best
self on travel days you're gonna be a
little bit tired maybe stupid cranky you
might smell kind of bad that's fine you
have permission to be that way but also
give everybody else permission to be
that way as well liquids and gels go
into this thing if they don't fit into
this thing then you can't bring them
through security peanut butter counts as
a gel I learned this the hard way
nowadays you got to take everything out
of your pockets when you go through
security if you have like a tiny piece
of paper in your pocket then the guy at
the security will be like sir what's in
your pocket and you'll be like well on
the scanner it probably looks like a
tiny piece of paper but in fact it is a
rocket launcher leads me to don't be
mean to security people even though it's
fun to joke about because they don't
make the rules and they do get fired
if they don't enforce them but also
don't joke with them about your pocket
rocket launcher unless you want to eat
the carpet if you wear a hoodie you will
be pulled aside for further screening
this is not profiling there's just a lot
of room in that thing to hide stuff if
you don't have a big carry-on you don't
need to get on and make sure that it
finds a space just chill at the gate you
don't need to get in that big long line
you don't got a jostle for position you
have an assigned seat you're gonna get
there eventually and it's gonna be less
comfortable than the one you're in right
now so just chill until it's like final
boarding and then you just walk on the
plane
loving okay so you're boarding the plane
get out of the aisle this is one artery
and if you're clogging it everyone's
diet you may notice that the people in
first class look unhappy and this may
seem odd to you because you're like but
they're the first class people they got
the best seats on the plane but it turns
out that they got them by traveling like
200 days a year they don't pay extra for
those they're like the super VIPs
because they travel all the time and as
there's no way to live your life
depending on the airline you will get
various things for free during your
flight but you could only ever really
count on one of these of some sort and
maybe one of these which are these
little beasts Gogh cookies also cup of
soda water juice or coffee something
like that so maybe bring a snack also a
water bill biddle a water bottle to fill
up after you've gone through security
because apparently past security is the
only place in the world where it's okay
to charge five dollars for a bottle wat
so you're not allowed to use electronics
during the takeoff in the landing
because apparently the 50 millivolts
from your Kindle is gonna blow up a 747
or something so bring a real book there
great anyway aren't they nice if you
have a connecting flight first thing you
do is you go to the board and see where
it isn't what time it is
even if you're like two hours late cuz
that flight may have been delayed too
and you don't want to miss it if you
don't have to if you do miss a
connection while you're waiting in line
to get your stuff rerouted you can be on
kayak or Hipmunk or whatever looking up
to see what flights you might get on or
you can just call the customer support
cuz it's better to be waiting in two
lines if you can do two at the same time
you never know which one's gonna pin it
up person this has helped me many a time
I hope this video helps you out next
time you go on a travel adventure John I
will see you on Tuesday I think I'm
gonna be see you before then actually
because they like literally on the other
side of that wall
