good morning Hank it's Tuesday July 30th
2013 and I'm back I missed you guys so
much but I've really had a wonderful
paternity leave it's just so great to be
home with my family and my beautiful
baby don't mi mind an airport dang it so
I come on my way to VidCon it though I
can't smoke I can't smoke inside of a
public building that's a shot can i
snort heroin oh I'm not allowed to snort
heroin either what is this an airport or
monastery right but before I was in this
airport on my way to VidCon I spent the
last month with my family on the United
States's Third Coast Lake Michigan there
was the beautiful water and astonishing
sunsets and sometimes people would
pretend to have a war to celebrate
America's independence there were also a
lot of nerdfighters there on the coast
of Lake Michigan although I never met
them until and unless I removed my shirt
at the beach at which point inevitably
someone who walk up to me and be like
are you John Green and I would be like a
geek yes right I wanna tell you about a
funny thing that happened but I have to
go get on the plane so I'll tell you in
California movie magic net joke with six
hours in the making so Hank it's a
preface to the story you have to
understand that while my son Henry is
very bright he is also three-and-a-half
years old so he rarely says things that
surprised me because you know like I
taught him all of the words he knows
okay so when we first get to Michigan
Henry and I go down to the beach and
we're digging holes you know looking for
treasure and he says daddy I want to dig
a big hole I want to dig all the way to
the tippy tippy bottom which of course
is the opposite of the tippy tippy top
and I said yeah let's keep digging and
Henry said daddy this is so fun and I
said I know and then he said daddy you
know who likes digging holes and I said
no who and he looked at me and he said
Germans okay so when Henry was one we
lived for a little while in the
Netherlands while I was researching The
Fault in Our Stars and we kept running
into Dutch people who would tell us that
they didn't really think that highly of
Germans and I would be like oh yeah
because of the Second World War and the
occupation and everything and they would
say no no no no no no that's all water
under the bridge it's because they dig
holes in our beaches this happened like
six different times and Sarah and I
would always comment upon it apparently
in the presence of Henry and then we
went to a Dutch beach and sure enough
there were all of these people with like
full-size shovels digging like 30-foot
deep holes and all of them were speaking
German and Henry somewhere in the deep
recesses of his
one year-old brain remembered this which
makes me worry about all the other
things that he might remember like the
times during Liverpool games when I
forget to use the word darn and also
forget to use the word damn anyway I got
bring this up for two reasons first I
think it is time for German people and
Dutch people to have a constructive
dialogue about the holes in beaches
phenomenon and secondly Henry is three
and a half years old and he already has
his first cultural stereotype
hole-digging Germans I think that says a
lot about us as humans anyway I know
there's nothing more boring than stories
about other people's kids but whatever
they're adorable okay I just wanna take
a second to thank all of nerdfighteria
for being so understanding during my
paternity leave and also to the amazing
guests hosts who made it so much fun
frankly more fun than like regular me
you can find links to all of their
channels in the doobly-doo hank thank
you for this nice hotel room I will see
you when I go downstairs I better finish
editing this bye
