good morning Hank it's Tuesday I'm
Maureen Johnson filling in for John
Green because once again he's
contributed to the birth of a human
child this is really nerve-racking for
me because I'm a writer like John but
like I don't make videos all the time
and you know I don't really think I'm
good at it so you know I got my camera I
got my water mom today's topic is the
Internet yeah the Internet the whole
thing some people don't like the
Internet and it can be for a number of
reasons for example there people like my
mom who gets confused by the Internet
and generally doesn't know how it works
and it's constantly afraid she's going
to break it Maureen Maureen Maureen the
people that hate or dismiss the internet
often say things like well back when I
with the kid you know we didn't consider
and watch porn all time make animated
gif you know yeah that may be true but
you probably also didn't engage in a
political discussion with a thousand
people so shut up I'm not saying the
level of discourse is always high I mean
I filled in for John when he would on
paternity leave the first time and on my
first video 90% of the comments just
said oh my god John has boobs sometimes
we are going to get breaking news from
the middle of a seat of government and
sometimes we're going to have is really
love a cat and I wasn't to be on rabo
the last two weeks have been pretty
fraud there's been a lot going on in the
media in the world that is kind of hard
to talk about it makes us both want to
talk all the time and not know how to
talk at all there's a lot of split
opinions there it's hard to sort of know
what to say to people who are of a
different viewpoint than you without
screaming ripping out your hair or just
going nuts and turn into some kind of
crazy troll just thrown around the
internet going troll troll troll I just
want to watch the world burn and that is
not productive but it doesn't mean we
can't talk about this these things that
are difficult where our opinions differ
wildly in fact we have to talk about
these things and I
in many ways the Internet is teaching us
how to talk to each other in a big way
in a big way that we've never done
before and we are just learning the
language of mass discussion but it's
easy to say we can use the Internet to
talk about things but we all know it's
actually really difficult that's why you
know the one rule the Internet is don't
read the comments but okay
too late you've read the comments it's
already done what do you do now
pause breathe look at some cats and ask
yourself what do you want to accomplish
do you want to further a good cause that
you're already part of or do you want to
punch a troll in the face and you
probably want to do both of those things
but you're probably only getting be able
to accomplish one of them and it
probably shouldn't be too so focused on
one does it improve the situation of the
cause or whatever it is you're trying to
promote or encourage your talk about to
just punch a troll in the face and the
answer unfortunately is probably not it
doesn't make your sign look good it
doesn't further the discussion
so therefore sadly a lot of times you're
not going to be able to make that
comment into a teachable moment what am
I even talking about just go for it
just answer all the trolls just do it
now
troll patrol start now let's do this
thing
honestly start here start on the start
on this video start looking in the
comments now I mean I yeah dub know your
moves no one knows how to internet if
anybody tells you they don't internet
just tell them to go eat some watermelon
cuz that's the only thing that makes
sense in this mixed-up world of ours I
don't know what you people want from me
just follow me on Twitter phenomenal I'm
good where I'm good where I'm not I'm
not where your videos I'm very very good
at to wear them go there
