good morning John good morning Hank it's
Friday question Tuesday day that we
answer real questions from real
nerdfighters are there any foods that
you wish were more readily available in
the US no we've got all the major foods
here my major one is paprika Pringles oh
you know what I will say my wife is a
huge fan of hot nuts
Sarah will plan trips to Mexico and then
she will come home with like 400 pounds
of hot nuts and then when you're
crossing through customs do you have any
food and she's like no I mean I don't
think of hot nuts as food exactly we
have this beautiful house and Hank chose
the single corner of the house that is
covered in flies and I when I mentioned
this to him he was like but I already
set it up here hi
oh thanks ma'am hi our next door
neighbor likes our work oh that's so
cool
well you'll see this again next week
that's gonna make it it I want to ask
another globby
you okay there I don't like bees that's
all Henry has nightmares about bees hell
of a nightmare I'll be like what you
dream about he'll just say be good it's
a healthy healthy fear now that filming
The Fault in Our Stars in Pittsburgh has
started it hasn't it doesn't start until
August 26th will you be coming to
Amsterdam people seem to think that the
movie is being made by me I am just the
author of a book however I think it's
gonna be very good movie are you missing
a tooth yeah I am missing a tooth thanks
for asking I had like really terrible
chronic pain ever since before
Brotherhood 2.0 finally they had to
remove it and do it very complicated and
painful surgery fortunately it does not
hurt anymore has Alice done a
nerdfighter salute yet alice is one
month old she has not made any
intentional gestures of any kind yet
yeah Henry read in a Berenstein bears
book that sometimes baby sisters bop you
on the nose so he's always like getting
his nose right down next to her arm and
waiting and then and then sometimes
she'll just involuntary in a baby she
did it she fought me on the nose that's
the answer to the question what's the
most adorable story you have ever Hank
what is your favorite game of all time
the game of Thrones
I knew it otherwise stop feeling like
I'm not doing anything with my life
there was this guy who is now in prison
his name is Larry Langford and he was
the mayor of my quasi hometown of
Birmingham Alabama and when he ran for
mayor his motto was let's
do something and it turns out that just
doing something is a terrible terrible
idea you don't need to focus on doing
something you need to focus on doing
good things even like very little good
things like doing nice favors for people
you like or something I like that
do you know how dirty your glasses are
no man what is something surprising
you've learned today
uh yeah learn that Hank likes to set up
the camera in places that are covered in
flaw hey sickle no I did learn something
today I learned that the whole Chinese
monopoly on world silk trade ended when
two guys two monks smuggled like seven
silkworms or something out of China and
took them to the Byzantine Empire which
like completely rewrote history like how
do you feel out cucumbers ah then give
me gas yeah for me they're just like a
step on the way to a pickle which I hate
it's a nun ruined pickle I don't love it
but I certainly like it better than a
pickle would you ever consider writing a
book with a pen name it's a good
question haven't I oh I have the exam
what is your biggest pet peeve Oh God
pretty much lies if time travel were
possible where would you go and why to
the present because antibiotics and when
John will you be back
wrong turn Italy not this next Tuesday
when you will see my secret sister
Maureen although she might be me
but the following Tuesday I think it is
July 30th we look forward to seeing you
then I look forward to seeing you guys
too I'll see you on July 30th and now oh
my god July 30th it's like a day from
VidCon
