good morning John I've got a question
sitting up here of a little while and
you know I got a lot of questions up
there frankly I'm kind of a question any
kind of a guy but this question has been
sitting up on the brain for years maybe
like six or seven years now so what did
to get it out out of my head in the form
of a song I'm sure with all of you it
goes like this
Oh JK Rowling
what are you doing with your time you're
like giving all your money to charity
and I guess that sounds just fine but
I'm a wondering if you got just a couple
more shots maybe I don't know you could
crack a laptop ode to it as a favor to
me do it for the kids are doing for
charity add to it for the HPA oh I don't
really care just do it today I know that
the idea probably stresses you out
I know that I would feel that way after
making something so damn great for me
would be an inescapable cloud of doubt
but don't let that fear get to you this
is clearly something you can do and the
pressure from people like me does it get
a little old yeah probably but hopefully
you understand why I prize so pick up
your pen Joe do it just give it a try
so oh JK Rowling what are you doing with
your time given all your money to
charity and I guess that sounds just
fine but I'm wondering if you have just
a couple more jobs maybe I don't know
you could crack a laptop oh do it as a
favor to me do it for the kids are do it
for charity at Duke for the HD a oh I
don't really care just do it today
I'm giving you absolute creative freedom
maybe you can ride up the screenplay or
a prequel musical for Broadway or
collaborate on a comic with Joss Whedon
or a miniseries for the BBC and ii-if
that sounds good to me I suggest you
avoid cartoons are giving Fox a chance
to cancel you and after considering this
one pretty carefully please don't make
an MMORPG cuz that would totally destroy
my product it 50 so oh JK Rowling what
are you to your time given all your
money to charity and I guess that sounds
just fine when I'm why don't you got
just a couple more shots maybe I don't
know I can crack laptop hope do it as a
favor to me duplicate to do it for
charity at to the HPA oh I don't really
care just do it don't really care just
do and now I don't care just to win
today what did I hock over oh this is
the bottle this is a bottle start of the
garbage house dance a little bit and I'm
gonna get on a plane to see Johnny a
glorious paternity leave this is pretty
good it's about as good as it gets
have you been doing this is this what
you've been doing all time staying up
all night as well but not in like the
fun teenage way Hank I'll see you on
Friday you'll see me right now I know I
just haven't said it in a long time I
was feeling I'm stealing it good morning
Hank it's Tuesday
it's my video I still got it how's Alice
oh she's great she's beautiful we love
her good he's he's pretty good parents
I'll be honest well we try hard
I want to thank neretva Terry for all
their good wishes and we appreciate it
but yeah we're just really enjoying
being a family of four whoo yeah John
yeah see you right now all right
opened and her just laughed at a joke
for the first time what was he watching
Annoying Orange
