good morning Hank it's Tuesday hi
everyone else I'm Rosie Anna I'm John's
assistant I'm also John Hanke secret
London's sister as of way back when to
Hank when people find out that I'm drugs
assistant especially because I live so
far away in London the number one
question they ask is so what is it that
you do today I'm going to endeavor to
answer this question but first I want to
give a little bit of an office tour
because we've seen your office in
Missoula Hank we've also seen John's
office in Indianapolis that's a really
hard phrase to say office in
Indianapolis so without further ado this
is my office
this is my view these are the wild
animals I can see from my office this is
the foliage I can see from my office and
these are the trees so the job itself a
large part my role is scheduling which
is lucky because I am awesome at it
through the combined wonder of
Craigslist shared calendars on Gmail and
Skype credit I'm able to coordinate
someone to come in and organize John's
Pizza John shirts by heat very important
that there in rainbow order god I love
rainbows I see it someone to come in and
sit in John's car seat to warm it up
burn for about 15 minutes every time
before he wants to take the car out I
would say I spend about half my time
here in the London office and I commute
about three days a week to Indianapolis
hardest part about this is probably the
I don't know say eight hours or so that
I'm over the Atlantic Ocean without any
internet is particularly difficult for
doing my job
especially because John often calls me
quite casually throughout the day to do
things like look up words in the
dictionary for him not necessarily for
his next book just to complete the
crossword he says it's not cheating if
he asks me on the upside my air miles
are awesome and the crew at Virgin
Atlantic really know how to make an
amazing gin and tonic another key part
of my role is security testing I feel
like I'm kind of a pro at this because
I've seen every episode of homeland at
least six times
I also remember everything that Nancy
McNally well that just fell down has
ever said okay well now that's yeah well
done ready Anna so just like the NSA I
do spend a lot of my time hacking into
John's personal accounts online just to
double-check all the security levels and
then I also change all the passwords
every like three hours when John takes
us to dftba con 4 I changed that to
change the passwords to every 15 minutes
just to be super safe but otherwise my
assistantship is pretty normal standard
stuff the role like washing and
blow-drying John's used tissues and so
that he can reuse them in the name of
sustainability and also ghostwriting
found metal from John to Steve and Jared
and by fan mail I mean
love letters out of all my roles this is
the hardest for me because I'm a
die-hard West Ham United fan I have been
known to slip a few references to
bubbles into these love letters I will
admit that Steven Jarrod is a very
talented player for Liverpool Football
Club but even a little bit handsome but
I do always feel like I'm betraying my
beloved irons but I suppose they gave us
Carol so there you go some of the recent
projects I've undertaken in my spare
time include building up Henry and
Alice's library for the next 15 to 18
years taking them from the joy basement
right up to the Unbearable Lightness of
being another thing I'm doing is
overseeing the construction of an exact
replica of the Globe Theatre and in
John's back garden mainly so his kids
could see Shakespeare as everyone was
supposed to see Shakespeare standing up
other priorities include building up
John's Lauren Conrad gift collection
with a smidge of Benedict Cumberbatch
and the adolescent wolf program just to
keep everyone happy okay jokes aside it
is honestly the best job I've ever had
it's really cool getting to work with
you guys it's really been honest
thinking looking back at me in 2006 I
used to read John's blog his very static
blog and 2007 me he was a dick such a
positive window because the tools I use
now without even thinking about it to do
my job just weren't really possible then
go pout and shared calendars onstart
emails that tell me that it's time for
John to put more air in his tires which
he spells with an eye which is weird so
basically what I'm saying Hank is that
we're living in the future and I'm
loving it thanks for being awesome
everyone and Hank I will see you on
Friday bye
