good morning Hank it's Tuesday
oh I'm so sorry this is not my channel
and I'm not allowed to do that here and
I apologize oh what a terrible first
impression
and it's still going
cut to a thing hello my name is grace
Helbig or I go by Daily Grace here on
YouTube because I make daily videos five
days a week I have been graced with the
wonderful honor of filling in for John
Green while he's away dealing with the
spawn that has happened through him with
him and in his wife the vlogbrothers
have been very inspirational to me they
are a very smart articulate nurturing
progressive community or driven human
beings that exist to base on our
happiness
and their own brains fortitude and so it
is really stressful to have to fill in
for one of them I have been racking my
brain for weeks thinking of what should
I do for this video and I came to a
conclusion
I am not as smart as them I'm going to
teach you how to trick people into
thinking that maybe you're more
intelligent or cultural or socially
sophisticated than you really are
let's do this try to use the word
derivative when describing something
you've just seen in that that art was
derivative of this other piece of art
sprinkling the fact that whenever you're
talking about reminds you of the film
Basquiat carry a copy of on the road in
your back pocket throw in a joke like
this every now and then yeah I am done
waiting for Godot I've got to go though
don't have your email up on your
computer when you're shooting a video
tell people you watch Bill Maher you
also love watching soccer fifa isn't
paris hilton's the dog's name carry
around a moleskin journal yeah you don't
drink coffee and listen through a French
press yeah you carry a messenger bag and
it's leather yeah you wear glasses and
yeah ninety percent of the time they're
not clean because yeah you're thinking
about more important things you know the
name of a cheese that is not mozzarella
or cheddar on the cheese board and or
cheese knife because spoiler alert and
regular knives don't cut cheese
google it there are tiny specific
instruments that are for cutting cheese
cavemen would lose their tiny tiny
brains about it you know how they cut
cheese rocks you know what they didn't
have cheese you shop at Whole Foods
that's a man's name not a grocery store
you buy your cheese from the cheese
section of Whole Foods and when you do
buy it you ask them questions like
you're in a spelling bee can I get the
country of origin can you use this
cheese in a sandwich you have a
typewriter in your house NPR is one of
your set radio stations in your car you
don't think the words Roth IRA or just
me naming a member of Congress with a
speech impediment you have a very
specific favorite episode of The
Simpsons and or a very specific favorite
character that isn't Lisa Bart Maggie
larger Homer giving the brand-new season
of Arrested Development is way more
nostalgic than it is groundbreaking you
buy scones you want to win decanter
because wine is apparently a living
organism and needs to breathe because
that's gonna make it taste entirely
different than metal and fruit you
either wear a non-digital watch or one
that looks like a tiny calculator reblog
the new yorker order mac and cheese at
restaurants but only when it has Gruyere
cheese in it a lot of this is about
cheese
you love wes anderson movies it's not
delicious unless it's covered in truffle
oil try calling lines cues your
children's names don't end in a you use
the words
Ira Glass and Neil deGrasse Tyson
pretend you don't know the food network
cable box number 350 I don't let by a
telescope by one book about architecture
download rosetta stone but like
I have French and Spanish get a friend
with a Prius tell everyone you still
can't get over Alanis Morissette's
misuse of ironic let it grow know that
you follow Ken Jennings on Twitter and
he's actually really funny you've tried
whittling on a piece of furniture that's
made out of leather you only drink
scotch or rye whiskey you have smoking
pipes there's probably like three
museums at least that you want to try to
get to in the next month you've been
talking about getting Ethiopian food for
five years yeah you have a bike hanging
on your wall you understand sarcasm Hank
I'll see you on Friday I labored over
this but not like John's wife hey-oh all
right
