good morning John and good morning Alice
and welcome to earth it's a wonderful
terrible place and you are a member of
its most wonderful and terrible species
and you're being born into what may be
the most interesting time in human
history if all goes well within your
lifetime humans will walk on Mars
computers will become intelligent that
paralyzed will walk again absolute
poverty will be all but eliminated and
you Alice may very well live to be over
a hundred years of age or maybe this
advanced peculiar unique institution of
human technological society will implode
taking all humans and a good piece of
the earth with it go either way really
in any case both you and I will be a
part of that future but luckily you
don't really have to worry about any of
that right now because you're a baby you
just have to worry about being a baby
but nobody ever said being a baby was
easy and so I your Uncle Hank have
created a simple guide to how to be a
baby in six easy step one you are stuck
out here so get used to it you probably
don't know this because you're a human
baby but human babies are born pretty
premature when compared to other
placental mammals is because our heads
have evolved to be super big and they're
hard to get out of the mom after a
certain point in development so you're
basically still an embryo which is
really unpleasant to be outside of the
mother at that point so it's kind of
suck you're gonna want to be swaddled
and warm and you want to what whooshing
noises and stuff like that and I suggest
you just cry until that stuff happens
speaking of crying you will discover
that making a really terrible noise is
actually very easy for you it's
basically just like making any other
noise but you're gonna want to look like
it's really difficult like squint you
face up get it all red and puffy and cry
your vocal cords right now are designed
to tap directly into your parents
sympathy centers so that's gonna be a
useful tool for you three I would
suggest that you do a lot of sleeping
but not in like normal human ways you're
gonna want to sleep for about two and a
half hours at a time that way your
parents will approach but never quite
achieve REM sleep which is going to be
hilarious when they start having
hallucinations for put stuff in your
mouth turns out because we are so
underdeveloped as newborn babies your
nervous system is really terrible so far
complicated sensing is really only right
around here so if you want to know what
something as you just call all
low-five communication is the key to any
effective relationship and you'll really
only have two ways to communicate right
now one is the crying which we've
discussed previously lying is something
you want to do just whenever pretty much
all the time doesn't matter really how
you're feeling hungry sleepy thirsty you
don't like that smell your butt feels
weird you just bored crying just cry in
all of those situations but number six
you have another communicative tool one
that you want to be more sparing with
because it is extremely powerful and
that is your cuteness be careful with
your cute it is extremely potent your
cute is not just about inspiring love
and devotion getting pinches on the
cheeks and people saying I saw your cute
is the key to our hope our ability to
see beyond our own lifespan to feel as
if we are part of a continuum that
stretches back to the first
self-replicating life-forms you're cute
reminds us that the decisions we make
now will someday affect you and your
children and your children's children
that you are the next step and hopefully
a better step in this wonderful terrible
process that we call humanity I hope
that's not too much pressure Alice I
wish I could see you right now and hold
you and go well over your belly gone I
also wish I could see you but I won't
for a little while but Craig I will see
you on Tuesday
