good morning Hank it's Tuesday if you
are watching this video that means that
I have had a baby birth through the
sweat of my brow and the effort of my
epic whines what's that Sara did the
birthing what was my role then Oh
apparently Hank I told her to push real
American heroes telling their partners
when to push although actually the
doctor gives the instruction and then I
just kind of reinforce it so yeah I'm
not really the hero of this story Hank
also I just turned the birth of my baby
into a beer commercial right so Sara
actually had the baby but I am going to
help with diaper changes and many other
tasks Hank when Henry was born I only
took a couple weeks off in fact I went
on my first work trip when he was nine
days old this time I'm going to take
quite a bit more time away not just from
vlogbrothers but also from writing and
traveling and from my careers as an
amateur historian trivia buff and of
course most importantly
semi-professional FIFA player however
Hank in this absence I will be
exceedingly present for instance there
will be a crash course US history video
every single Thursday and a Mental Floss
video every Wednesday and the Swindon
Town suitably poopers will play every
Monday Wednesday and Friday as they
continue their heroic domination of
League One this is possible because
everyone in the office has worked
extremely hard to get way ahead for the
baby so thank you to Stan and Mark and
Danica and Meredith for being awesome
okay there are links to all these things
on screen and in the video info below so
really I will not be leaving you at all
past me will just be visiting present
you it's essentially the same stories
Back to the Future 3 also every Tuesday
there will be a John video just like
always on this very youtube channel
except where usually the role of John is
played by me it will be played by other
people like Hannah Hart and grace Helbig
and Craig wheezywaiter which is his real
last name and my secret sister Maureen
Johnson not to mention too nerd Factor
winners and now Hank a quick visit from
future me to current you to give you a
baby update tie everything is good baby
and mother are healthy and beautiful and
wonderful and we're exhausted and high
okay alright and current me is going to
make a prediction about future me that
guy looks tired I'm a psychic
nerdfighters thank you as always for
making this community exist and for
making it such a wonderful part of my
life and also for letting me briefly
step away to be a full-time dad dftba
Hank I will see you on Friday
