I swear this mountains over there
somewhere morning John going to
Australia
getting on the plane right now I'm in
Denver whereas I still honestly call at
Isengard where those done airports are a
really good time they're like sit and
look at people do you like I know so
much about that person just by glancing
yeah it feels like it takes so little
data for me to put somebody in a
category and they're like oh I also kind
of believe that person is a student that
person is a business person that's just
a family with the kids but it's deeper
than that right because I look at
somebody I really I like you like I know
things about them I think about their
politics or I know things about how they
see the world just by their like looking
at their beer I can't help but do that
right at least you gotta think about the
fact that you're doing this is my plane
they're gonna put some food on it put
some food on my plane please autofocus
isn't working which is really that's not
good it was gonna expensive lens I want
it to not be broken I have great news I
turned it on and turned it back up again
and it works man it jacked itself up now
it's not now it's up there didn't expect
that to happen
I mean what's in that thing really
except for just a bunch of pretzels this
makes me want to play Airport simulator
okay it's 5:30 I'm not playing Airport
simulator at an airport plane in
this is what the ceiling looks like and
there's my gate and there's Dave's head
hello Dave's head
what's that oh my god this is a
beautiful shot Gracie's got really
excited about the US Open who's Lindsay
Davenport
she's a tennis player on the plane so
the word is stay up as late as you can
and then go to sleep and wake up and
it'll be morning in Melbourne so I'm
powerful
can't talk with my watch
I wake up I'll be in the southern Anna
stairs
oh but I just
went back to bed and when I woke up
pretty much everybody else it artem open
up so I feel like I might win I have a
great first day in Melbourne this is my
big beautiful view of the outside of
beautiful Melbourne and there's a lot of
beautiful sunlight coming through and I
got this chocolate bar dono hello
beautiful chocolate I'm sorry I just got
directions to boba tea from a
crash-course fan we'll see how this
turns out success more bad news
okay well tomorrow then they rented a
bike this is where vid comes in at me
tomorrow it's time now for something
that I want to do even though it seems a
little silly this looks like an OK spot
southern hemisphere
John I'll see you on Tuesday
