good morning Hank it's Tuesday it's take
your brother to work day oh look there
you are right in the entryway so you
walk in first thing you see is the crash
course posters and some foreign editions
of The Fault in Our Stars and then you
see Danica's Mack with it's Wiggly eyes
and Danica herself hi Danica this area
is for the visitors we don't have Danica
works on crash course she does all those
chalkboard drawings that are so
excellent and also the Mental Floss set
then you come to our printer room where
Wil Wheaton and Felicia Day have the
place of honor and then you spin around
and look oh it's Meredith doesn't want
to be on TV today
Meredith writes for mental floss but
more importantly is the CEO of the
Swindon Town Sutra crew first and then
we come to my office oh hi there buster
scared of sheep this is my couch this is
the lazy boy where I've written at least
parts of every single one of my books
and this is the treadmill desk where I
have taken 360 whole steps today oh and
what assigned pail a jersey that says to
Jay green dftba good luck pay like what
this is the television with this one in
town so we poopers come to life and this
is a painting by Sarah so Hank before
Sarah and I started dating I actually
bought that painting from her and then
months later when she came over to my
apartment for the first time while we
were dating I was like look I framed
your beautiful painting and she said
yeah that's upside-down sometimes people
ask me for romantic advice my advice
hang your future girlfriend's painting
right-side up for God's sakes I also
give all my foreign editions of The
Fault in Our Stars here like da shiksa
beast I'm me severe ather for L arson re
Explorer or jag fine tashkent a teen
cruise Raja to van a then of course
there's quad Nassim weena no sate
welcome thread actually took French and
the ones I have no way of you and
pretending to know how to attempt also
in my office we have Leonardo's Leonardo
but most importantly we have this
beautiful view of the river including
Canada geese I used to say Canadian
geese Hank but then Canadians informed
me politely that that is incorrect
these don't have a nationality they said
thank you for mentioning Canada baby
ducks baby ducks baby ducks duckies then
we go down the hall and we have the
kitchen featuring artwork by my lovely
son Henry green as well as posters
available now at dftba.com we have to
keep all the Clif bars in here because
mice here is the tiger who does all the
dishes thanks tiger this is apparently
the jar where we keep all the action
figures you know so they don't get out
and recap
this is the room where we shoot Mental
Floss where Stan and Mark also work
there's the Mental Floss set marks the
producer and director of the mental
health channel say hi mark hi mark
and Stan of course is working on crash
course as he always is hi Stan since
this is an episode of cribs I got to
show you what's in our fridge mostly
soda and some beer and apples good job
everybody
also Hank I have a theory that you'll
find mustard in any refrigerator and
sure enough even though we have nothing
to mustard mustard so like I wanted you
to see the office because one you've
showed me yours and two I wanted you to
be able to meet all of the nice people
who actually make crash course and
Mental Floss and the swirly poopers
happen this is particularly important
because soon I will be on paternity
leave but the things that we make here
will continue to be made even though I
will not be in the office by the way I
just noticed that I the pizza me red why
that yeah I'm gonna go down here by the
thing that isn't a mustache so I think
the yetis due to have a baby on June 1st
but it might happen earlier because you
know that's that's the way with babies
so hopefully you'll see me next Tuesday
but I will definitely see you on Friday
dftba
