good morning John some days some days I
just want to be a professional internet
cat critic laser twiddle cat Lal on
early example of the laser wiggle cat
Chandra is a humorous romp through
someone's living room a large-sized
unique aspect ratio and high frame rate
of this image magnificently captures
this cat's feverish determination but
the artistry of this image is not truly
apparent until you examine the tale big
blood cat stuck in box let's be honest
it's just a crude setup job by this
cat's human companion this person is
clearly aware of the largeness of the
but the smallness of the box and the
compulsiveness of this cat's desire to
be inside any kind of box well of course
not truly abusive I can't help but feel
a twinge of guilt with every giggle very
similar to how I feel about the classic
cat's ploy tation image bred face cat of
2009 this is not however how I feel
about the various cat leap fails
including the recent blockbuster loop
that's a beanbag these instances are
clearly the cat's decision and whether
or not there is a camera running at the
time the disaster that befall z' them is
their own doing cats of course always
emerge from these experiences unharmed
as they are apparently made of rubber
let's just be honest sometimes that's
what I want a simple life over analyzing
cats and looking at cute things and
being slightly witty and you know doing
things of questionable copyright
legality that would be a good job but it
would not be as good as my actual job
though sometimes it can be really
intense especially when it comes to the
VidCon planning times which is starting
to happen now 90 days out and this is
when it starts to get hard corey vidal
and alex carpenter and the apprentice
aid team are in town to film their
vlogging documentary i'm vlogging here
which i'm very excited about and it
looks like it's gonna be pretty freakin
good and i realized while talking to
them why being a professional cat critic
would not in fact be my dream job i like
to do different things every week and
that is such a tremendous luxury and yes
john you and i we have some
tried-and-true formats that we love and
then we go back to willingly and happily
but nerdfighter you never seem to expect
anything in particular from us except
that we don't make terrible content the
mandate appears to be make good stuff we
don't care what
and that's the kind of constraint that
I'm very happy to work inside of and I
don't think that a lot of creators get
that kind of freedom so I'm very
grateful thank you all so cats man
freakin cute I love those things
so cute John I honestly don't know how
you live your life without a cat inside
your house it's like having a little
living piece of art that is also very
warm and soft thanks to everyone who's
been watching me vlog every day in April
and Hanks channel and of course thank
you to all the people who gave to the
lizzie bennet kickstarter a fifth top
funded film and video project of all
time it was fourth this morning but then
Zach Braff decided to do a thing thanks
mr. Braff for kicking us at the top for
love scrubs I really like literally like
when I feel down that's the show i watch
so I wouldn't have wanted to be replaced
by anybody else couldn't think of a
better gaiden give it to John I'm happy
to get to be the master to your doctor
and I'll see you on Tuesday
