good morning John okay said that you had
to put a dollar amount on the value of a
human life
what would that dollar amount be easy
answer is that you can't do that it's a
moral inconceivable it's incalculable
the value of a human life you know we do
a the government of the United States
says that the minimum amount that you
can sell an hour of your life for is
$7.80 the average wages of a person over
their entire lives that's about two
million dollars so that's kind of the
value of human life but now it's not
that's the value of their economic input
wages are paid per hour but they're just
a surrogate for you know value created
for stuff made let's try another angle
raw materials really raw materials raw
organs is what I'm talking about
uncooked sold on the black market if I
sold everything from my eyeballs to my
forearms I could rake in about five
hundred thousand dollars not bad I
wouldn't have much fun with it cuz of
how I wouldn't have eyeballs or forearms
but interestingly 500 thousand dollars
is also the number that the United
States government pays to the family of
a fallen soldier by other measures this
is very low unlike working advertising
pays you for doing nothing just for the
presence of your eyeballs in front of a
screen
the average cost to serve a 30-second
television advertisement to a thousand
people is about $24 math math math
that's two dollars and 88 cents per hour
multiplied by the number of hours in
your life if you sold all of them this
way that would be again about two
million dollars so if we only saw the
waking hours because advertisers do not
have the ability to advertise to us in
our sleep that would only be about 1.3
million dollars online video
advertisements on the other hand can go
for less than a tenth of that so there's
other reasons besides the fact that I'm
annoyed by them that we avoid pre-rolls
we just think they under value this
community's time why is your time
watching this video worth a tenth of the
time of a person watching a TV show I
don't know I think that's done but none
of this is how economist actually
calculate the worth of a human life or
of human time basically they do it one
of two ways the first is to calculate
the amount of money that someone has to
be paid extra to do a job that has a
certain risk of death so if there's a
job and it's dangerous like lumberjack
or something and there's a one in 1,000
chance that you're gonna die doing this
job and you say I have to be paid
$10,000 more to do that job than you
have just valued your life you have made
the decision that your life is worth 10
million dollars
statistically using this measure various
departments within the US government put
a value on a human life of about six to
nine million dollars second ways to
calculate not how much you would need to
get paid to risk your life but how much
you would actually pay to save your life
on the high end this comes in it around
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
for one year of high quality non-painful
life so if you could extend someone's
life by ten years and those will all be
high quality non painful years that's
worth about 1.3 million dollars and for
78 years of high quality life that comes
out to a remarkably similar number 10
million dollars and there is the fact he
portion of the video now we're on to the
opinion II it might initially seem crass
or inhuman to say that there's an
economic value of a human life that
instead you should just say we should do
whatever we can to prevent death in
every situation but me there represents
a kind of blindness to the inevitability
of death death has been good enough for
everyone who has ever lived so far it's
not the moment of death where all of the
value gets created or lost to me the
value is in enabling the life all of the
finite moments that we have on this
planet together is not about preventing
the death which is gonna happen anyway
John this was supposed to be kind of a
silly video it ended up being a little
bit heavy sorry about that you were
fantastic on The Late Late Show and we
shall continue our discussion of how to
make online videos strong and awesome as
the years progress soon I'll see you on
Tuesday you're not a ha ha if I resorted
by the sorting hat in Pottermore 3 40%
Uncle Bob yes I'm sorry
I wear with great pride we really
hunters are you kidding I mean we're
ferocious and we're excellent binders
