good morning Hank it's Tuesday so
yesterday I had one of my teeth
forcefully removed from my skull and I'm
in a lot of pain and frankly kind of in
a bad what what am I in an airport
all right I'm going to throw this out if
you've boarded all customers than why
why do you need to brag on it protip
never make a video about how you're not
going to be in an airport for six months
because then the fates will conspire
against you so in addition to being in
considerable physical pain Hank there is
also the psychic pain of being in an
airport unexpectedly I'm on my way to
Los Angeles to do things but Hank let us
not dwell on our various miseries
instead let's discuss advertising Nick I
realize that you and I are like the only
two people in nerdfighteria who are
bothered by advertising but I'm still
bothered by it so I'm just gonna make
this video for you I guess now it's not
like I'm inherently bothered by like
corporate sponsorship of art or whatever
here's what bothers me imagine you watch
a one-minute video of an adorable kitten
riding a Roomba and then you watch a 1
minute video of minutephysics explaining
like special relativity or something the
advertisers on both those videos care
who you as the viewer are like they care
about how old you are and how much money
you make they probably care about what
your favorite pony is who your favorite
pony is I hope I didn't just alienate
the entire brony community by calling
ponies once but anyway the advertisers
don't really care about the difference
between a kitten on a Roomba and
minutephysics what they want is for you
to lean back and enjoy content so that
you are also leaning back and enjoying
yourself when you watch their ad you
hear this all the time when you talk to
television people they're constantly
bragging about how they make Leanback
entertainment now Hank it's true that
there are a lot of excellent shows on
television although most of them are on
cable which is funded partly by like
crowdsourcing but I would argue it's no
coincidence that the TV shows with the
strongest communities right now are not
funded by advertisers I'm looking at you
Doctor Who and also you mr. handsome
batch so Hank to me the problem with
advertising is that it doesn't
incentivize the best views it
incentivizes the most views it's that's
what's ultimately valuable about YouTube
communities is not their passions or
their achievements but just their sizes
like back in 2007 Hank when we only had
a few hundred regular viewers the
nerdfighter community was still doing
really interesting stuff together
nerdfighters made their first thousand
dollars in Kiva loans when we had fewer
than a hundred subscribers so how do you
make projects that are interesting and
important but don't get a million views
of video sustainable okay so in the
comments your last video basically saw 5
mod
one the paywall you know you don't get
to watch a video and lesson until you've
paid to be a member
my problem with the paywall is that I
don't think it strengthens a community
to have it consists entirely of people
who can afford to pay to watch stuff
option two Kickstarter in kick-starting
it probably called Kickstarter
Kickstarter is awesome but it mostly
makes sense for something that has an
end you know like a movie or an album or
a game something that you will make and
then ship you can't really have a
Kickstarter for a YouTube channel
because hopefully it will last like
forever
now I'm not probably not forever forever
is an incorrect concept option three
everybody volunteers so the budget is
zero I like this option is basically
what we did with Brotherhood 2.0 but
it's often impractical the thing is
people particularly proper grown-up
people like myself who sit around in
airports pointing cameras themselves
making everyone around them
uncomfortable like to eat and pay rent
and stuff option 4 sell merchandise so
people can support the thing they love
while also bragging about the thing they
love now that's a good idea speaking of
which brain scoop merchandise I have no
involvement with the brain scoop by the
way except loving it and then there's
option 5 the public radio model Public
Radio has fundraising campaigns they
have membership options where you can
donate like $3 a month or whatever they
also get some money from corporate
underwriting they sell an ass-ton of
tote bags and then they also get some
grant money and some public money and
short the money comes from many
different places they don't require
listeners to give but they ask listeners
to give and then they explain where that
money will go and I at least I'm always
happy to be a member of my public radio
station even though I understand that I
don't have to be a member in order to
listen thank the truth at least for me
is that if I'm part of a community that
I really value I'm not going to support
it because I get like secret perks that
aren't available to other people I'm
gonna support it because I like it and I
want it to grow and thrive
whether it's say Frank or wheezywaiter
or Hannah Hart or the South African
nerdfighter s sandy Ozzie I want to find
a way to say thank you for making me
lean forward and I just don't think
advertising alone can do that all right
I got to get on my plane Hague dftba
I'll see you on Friday
