I was gonna make it thought some places
video from Dublin but then I realized
that you took all of my footage and used
it in your Dublin video so I'm left with
just this clip of a woman smelling her
pit in shame like she is an opponent of
the Swindon Town suitably poopers who by
the way Hank had three games left in
their entire FIFA 11 history and are on
the cusp of winning the Barclays Premier
League link in the dooblydoo so Hank I
was pretty upset with you for borrowing
all of my footage from Dublin but then
something much more important happened I
began to develop a cold sore you can't
really see it but you know you know
you're gonna get one before you get one
yeah I know I'm gonna get one so Hank
why is that such a big deal well on
Thursday I'm going to be in a Google+
hangout with the President of the United
States Barack Obama and I am probably
going to have a cold sore my only hope
of not having a cold sore is this stuff
Abreva which is the only fda-approved
medication for cold sores and literally
costs more than gold wait did you just
say I was gonna be in a Google+ hangout
with the President of the United States
of America oh is the sound that my
anxiety makes I think I have no idea
where this happened but someone at
Google called me a couple days ago and
was like do you wanna hang out with the
president and I was like yeah it depends
the president of would because I just
hung out with the president of dftba
records Hank green for like a week and a
half and it was alright but oh you know
I wouldn't do it again and they were
like you had the President of the United
States Barack Obama do you want to be in
a Google hangout and ask him a few
questions and I was like mm okay so anka
I'm gonna get to ask the president some
questions I'm gonna improvise a bit but
I have prepared a few my first question
is hi mr. president my name is John
Green oh my god what is air then I also
have would you rather fight ten duck
sized horses or one horse sized duck and
of course mr. president I can't help but
notice that Canada got rid of its 1 cent
coin and nothing bad happened how do we
still live in a world with pennies and
then of course I have to ask him who the
eff is Hank by the way Hank you can also
ask questions to the president as can
anyone there is a link in the doobly-doo
to submit your questions there is also a
link in the doobly-doo to RSVP to the
hangout or whatever I don't understand
this terminology but basically it'll be
live on YouTube at 4:50 p.m. Eastern
Time on Thursday I will be the one with
the cold sore anyway intellectually
aware of the fact the President of the
United States doesn't care if I have a
cold sore and also that he will forget
Who I am within like 4 seconds of the
end of the Google hangout so that he can
go
back to like country running but I am
nonetheless extremely anxious about the
cold sore and also every other facet of
this interaction and I saw similar
phenomenon albeit on a much different
scale when we were on tour because many
people when we met them were very like
nervous and self-conscious Hank we met
more than 6000 nerdfighters in 10 days
and I can say with authority that none
of them had anything to be embarrassed
about but I know that many of them still
felt embarrassed anyway I also felt
embarrassed and that's kind of the
inherent problem with meeting people you
admire whose work you really like it
will never be normal because you're
always going to be hyper conscious of
everything that could go wrong and if
say you're President to the United
States you had those interactions with
people every single day Hank like most
of your interactions even with your
staff are with people who are like oh my
god that's the president everybody be
calm that is the number one reason why I
would never want to be President the
number two reason is that no matter how
sensible your policy ideas people only
want to talk about ideology and the
number three reason is that I get cold
sores every winter and if you're
president you can't hide Hank when the
Eddie and I first started dating she
told me that when she was in eighth
grade she realized that everyone else
was thinking about themselves as much as
she was thinking about herself and that
therefore no one else had any time to
think about her this epiphany was one of
the central reasons why Sarah was a
relatively well-adjusted teenager she
realized that when she was like 13 I
realized that when I'm actually still
trying to internalize it hopefully it'll
happen before Thursday afternoon but
regardless Hank I'll see you on Friday
