good morning Hank it's Tuesday landed in
London early in the morning not even
sure what day it was these buses by the
way are not just a cliche they're also
actual public transport in a stunning
turn of events it's raining in England
got something to drink it eat because
I'm a rebel and then came outside six
minutes later and the Sun was shining
because England went to the BBC to do a
radio interview where they let me play
Elton John's actual piano gotta go to
piano
dropped off my bags at a very nice hotel
room featuring a well-dressed headless
woman and pages from a children's book
and there was a gift bag from Penguin
containing warm English beer and Marmite
naturally as well as a sign to Steven
Gerrard Jersey which not to brag I look
great in then I broke one of my rules of
conquering jet lag but only briefly no
laying down took a taxi to the penguin
offices where there is currently a very
schmancy display for The Fault in Our
Stars and then went up to the tenth
floor to enjoy the same view of London
that Winston Churchill once had during
the Second World War then I went to the
Guardian which has extremely nice chairs
and also a view of houseboats and canals
that reminded me of Amsterdam it was way
too early to go to sleep so I headed
over to the British Museum of old things
and other miscellaneous Tanya and Jody I
saw people seeing the rosetta stone and
then after a long while I saw the
rosetta stone itself with its trilingual
declaration that helped us decode
hieroglyphics I saw sarcophagi and tomb
lids and a giant bug and manimals who
guarded the Kings apartment - then we
headed over to the Greeks in the Romans
where I saw this guy with his junk
permanently attached to his toga who was
better off than this guy who was missing
both arms his nose and his junk this
monument featured several decapitated
women and then we saw some more
decapitated women and then yet more
which I guess is where why book
publishers got the idea for the headless
girl cover trend this headless guy is
punching a headless horse who in turn is
kicking him in the balls then I saw an
Easter Island statue and Nan decapitated
Aztec women and a two-headed turquoise
snake and this thing and this thing
which for some reason I found really
fascinating so I looked at it for a long
time for many different angles and I
still couldn't figure out quite what was
going on so I read the wall label where
I learned that the guy was apparently
about to stab himself in the penis but
more importantly I noticed that the
thing I was looking at was currently on
loan to the Royal Museum of Ontario and
while I was reasonably jet-lagged I was
pretty sure that I was not in Toronto so
in fact I was not looking at a thing at
all I was looking at an incredibly
well-made photograph of a thing
installed so perfectly that I'm not sure
you can tell that you are looking at a
video of a photograph of a thing rather
than a video of an actual
thing which calls into question the
whole relevance of looking at actual
things when virtual experiences are so
compelling but more on that in a second
I had to keep walking so I met up with
Hank and Katherine and CGP grey who took
us immediately to a crypt you know as
one does that turns out also to be a
cafe where you can dine atop the dead we
walk through a train station with its
indoor pigeons and then over this bridge
where we learned that you can urinate in
public in England for only 500 pounds
here's a great view of London and here
is do not attempt parkour you will be
impaled by many sticks then we saw a
cafe nerd and a skate park in Parliament
backlit in a downright Hogwarts Ian way
and an American Viking on a Harley
scooter and the London Eye which no
never know not as long as I live and
then I ran into a nerdfighter who
actually works at the London Eye and she
was lovely and begged me to go but no
never no instead we walked on past a
building heroically rebuilt after its
destruction in her recent James Bond
movie past another cafe nerd and past
Somerset House and we headed to the Tate
Modern and Haig pretended to have
Healy's and we kept walking past the
Globe Theatre and all that remains of
Winchester palace to a pub where Hank
reminded us that even after six years it
is still impossible to act natural when
a camera is pointed at you when we left
it was 4:45 p.m. and therefore very dark
but we kept walking I found my book in a
bookshop and we saw London City Hall and
stopped at last with this view of the
Tower Bridge I found myself wondering
how different it really was from a
photograph I didn't need to be here to
see this after all of course the reason
for our trip was well this but after 30
hours awake in the optical illusion at
the British Museum I couldn't decide if
sites really need seeing or if virtual
experience has become enough that I
still can't decide so I made this
virtual experience for you let me know
how real it feels Hank I'll see you on
Friday
