good morning John right now I'm on a
plane to England so three weeks ago I
decided to film this video with the full
knowledge that America would be in a
frenzy over the football football
football of the Super Bowl season while
in the United Kingdom where I'm headed
they care about as much about handegg as
they do about spices other than salt so
let's be honest the portion of people
watching this video who care a lot about
football probably pretty small but that
doesn't mean that there aren't
interesting things to learn so welcome
to a nerds guide to football since one
out of every three people in America we
spending time watching football this
year the most important and interesting
question to me is why why is this sport
so successful why will we be spending a
collective 300 million man hours of time
watching the Super Bowl this year when
and this is a shocking statistic that is
the amount of time that it took to
create Wikipedia a recent study found
that in the average to hour and 54
minute long football televised broadcast
a full hour was advertisements 75
minutes was football players milling
around or setting up for play 17 minutes
was replays of stuff that had already
happened and the actual gameplay the
amount of time that the ball was in play
in the players were playing in a three
hour long broadcast of football was 11
minutes that other 15 minutes that time
was taken up by station promos and
coaches and injured players and
celebrations and cheerleaders and stuff
so it's easy to see why people and the
rest of the world might be a little bit
puzzled by our fascination with this
sport in which apparently nothing
happens but as is so often the case the
numbers the numbers hold the answers
football is a game of anticipation small
bursts of action followed by build-up
every play a small victory for one team
or another keeping you engaged another
reason for football success is that the
games are very often closed more than 50
percent are decided by single digits and
more than 40 percent are decided by one
scoring opportunity indeed statistically
the most common spread for a football
game is three points often decided by a
single last minute field goal because of
its ability to attract and retain the
attention of a human football has become
a bit of an economic powerhouse and this
is also because all those little breaks
in play allow opportunities for
America's second favorite pastime being
advertised too when if you think I'm
getting take a look at this
statistically average American spends
over 500 hours per year watching
television advertisement twelve
full-time work weeks per adult per year
sometimes people ask me how I have time
to do so many things and I tell them
they don't watch TV it is important to
note however that a game of football was
not the top television broadcast in
America of all time that distinction
goes to the series finale of mash
retaining more than 60% of American
households however for the very first
time last year Monday Night Football was
the top rated television series in
America breaking an eight-year long
streak from American Idol all of this
success of course equals dollars the
most expensive football team in America
that would be the Dallas Cowboys with a
projected worth of more than 2 point 1
billion dollars 2011 they had 226
million dollars of profit that's more
than the Raiders had in revenue poor
Raiders including food and drinks and
merchandise the average cost for an
American family afford to go to a
football game is over $500 players of
course all of this means high paychecks
the minimum you can be paid as an NFL
player is $300,000 per year the top
salary of 2011 that was 19 million
dollars going to linebacker Dwight
Freeney that man was born the same year
as me is my height and weighs exactly
100 pounds more than I do and his
financial adviser was just arrested for
embezzling two million dollars from him
brave guy all those high paychecks you
may have heard does not lead to
financial stability 78% of football
players are broke two years after
retirement as for how the actual game
functions there's a ball and you have to
get it into the end zone and there's
rules and plays and it's all very
physically impressive it seems quite
dangerous John I'll see you tomorrow
