morning John let's talk about friends
it's a physical insides of any given
person and roughly the same we got you
know the skull and the backbone of the
ribs the other hand underneath the
emotional skin that we create and show
to the world we are all very different
we are differently broken
semi-functional rusted-out love machines
and I don't mean love machine I mean
like we are just good at you know aside
from eating and making babies we're also
really good at creating important
relationships with each other a process
of becoming friends with someone look
this is what friendship is to me is
physically removing all of that
constructed emotional putty that we make
ourselves pretty to the world with and
uncovering all those rusted edges
beneath and then actually continuing to
like that person not just in spite of
all of that asymmetry but because of it
and that's simply not something you can
do with very many people like that takes
a lot of work and it's a it's like a lot
of upkeep to but that's why when people
study the number of friends that people
have they're not looking at the number
of Facebook friends you have they're
looking at the number of people that you
could share really intimate things about
your brokenness with and on average if
not very many it's between two and three
people per person the last video John I
will take exception to some of the
things he said I would not vote all the
difference between that emotional
intimacy of friendship and the emotional
and physical intimacy of romantic
relationships that's a big difference
but I do agree that friendships in our
culture are undervalued and romantic
relationships are I just almost said
romanticized how our culture spends a
huge amount of time celebrating and
glorifying romantic relationships the
process of getting to romantic partners
together has become an industry and
people take in-depth compatibility
quizzes to make sure that they find the
right romantic partner and we don't do
those sorts of things for friends just
too bad in some cases because when you
don't have good friends it can be really
hard to find them I don't know about
that so yeah - the title of the video
this took a long time but how do you
make friends psychologists in the 50s
figured out the thing that is necessary
which is repeated unplanned interactions
and that's a hard thing to fit and it's
also why a lot of friends we have are
from school or work where those
unplanned interactions take place so if
you don't have those two things which a
lot of us don't these days because we
don't work in a physical place good
friends you got to put yourself in a
place where those unplanned
directions are gonna happen I won't give
you a list of how to do that you should
use mind and figure it out it's not that
hard then you also have to take
advantage of those interactions when you
have them so don't forget about that how
to take the initiative sometimes you got
to start conversations you have to share
yourself you have to start working away
some of that emotional putty from
yourself don't think of each interaction
is like a means to an end but an end and
itself help people yes
but even more important let them help
you don't be afraid to ask someone for a
favor because that's how friendships are
started and like top of the list be
thoughtful and listen to people and
think about them complexly which is yeah
that's sort of how you create
acquaintances Facebook friends but to
get to the real friend bits you have to
start having important conversations and
so you have to start asking some not
super comfortable questions like what do
you want to be in five years what do you
not like about yourself what do you like
most in the world what do you hate most
about the world those are the questions
that let you pull out all that stuff and
reveal the raw intimidating bizarre
amazing sculpture within and it's hard
to do not organically and so we should
all be very thankful for the organic
food that we do have especially if they
make us comfortable and like us for who
we are and if they don't it's okay to
break up with friends just like it's
okay to break up with romantic partners
and last as a thought that I just had if
you have a romantic partner and they
don't appreciate the bizarre broken
sculpture within or you don't appreciate
theirs that's okay but don't get married
to that person because it's probably not
going to work out if you're not friends
you have to be very good friends and
John you and I are both very lucky to be
married to our best friends and I'll see
you on Tuesday
