ah New York honestly my biggest fear at
this point is that I run away so let's
not do that
and let us go to Carnegie Hall let me
first make sure that I didn't forget my
hotel key I totally did there it is all
I need from a camera and my voice look
who I just ran into in the elevator ah
wow look at this
the bellies are so high
look who's in the stairway there's an
exit the pulse is in our stairs
already first just did my first thing
I'm in a tuxedo going back to change out
on tuxedo wardrobe change I'm a little
freaked out
there
through this
if it kills me I am little me
get through this
if it chills me
we did it anyway Debbie did we so did it
people who didn't get a chance to see it
I'm very glad that we have been able to
preserve it on the vlog with this
channel if you'd like to watch the
evening of awesome if you got a couple
hours to kill I think of toward the pop
some popcorn there's a link in the
description thank you to Neil Gaiman to
commute us into the mountain goats to
Ashley and Daniel to Hannah and Grace
and Elise and our parents and our wives
and all of nerdfighteria for making this
thing possible gone we're very lucky
things like this are very clearly gifts
that not very many people get a lot of
times you'll hear people say the life is
affair and I can unequivocally confirm
that I have clearly gotten the long end
of the stick as a reward for giving me
that long stick everybody here's a video
of me doing my little dance before the
show it didn't turn out quite this good
but it was pretty good John I'll see you
on Tuesday and while all this was going
on we were also launching brain scoop
like there wasn't enough going on in my
life so if you want to check that out
youtube.com slash the brain scoop here's
a clip
wow you guys that first video was really
awesome I am so incredibly excited about
doing this and working with you guys to
make this show so totally awesome
I was mentioned on the Scientific
American website I mean that's pretty
awesome smiley share MOC asked are there
lots of animal ghosts wilt opal on
Twitter is wandering children what is
the silliest thing they have ever asked
you on a tour they always ask if
everything is dead is that dead is that
dead is that dead is that dead yes you
guys everything is dead
