good morning Hank it's Tuesday are
probably the two consecutive sentences I
have spoken most often in my life see
there that or I love you let's get some
pizza which you know I said to mom when
I was four and I say to Henry in the
Yeti now anyway it's Tuesday unless
you're me in which case it's actually
Saturday morning it's Saturday because
later this morning the Yeti and Henry
and I are going on vacation and on
Tuesday I will be on that vacation
without a computer that's right Hank for
the first time since I got this computer
it's going to spend a night without me
it's okay Shh Willie's gonna stay -
you're gonna be fine
mmm what you're okay it's okay I know I
know
make the reason we're leaving behind
computers on this vacation is that I
think sometimes it's good to reset your
brain not to expect like a new celebrity
pregnancy every day and more generally
Hank I'm a little worried that I've
become addicted to the internet like I
remember the end of 2006 and we were
talking about starting brother 22.0 Sara
said to me I don't understand how you're
gonna do this because you already spent
so much time on the Internet
and I was like no no no no making videos
is gonna replace my internet time like
the time that I now spend falling down
the rabbit hole of the Internet I'm
going to spend making and editing videos
I mean there wasn't even any Twitter
Tumblr what did I do on the Internet in
2006 Google the weather in Dubai but I
knew a heck in the manner of an addict I
convinced myself that starting an online
video project would decrease the amount
of time I spent online yeah no I think I
don't want the internet to be confused
about my feelings I love the internet
like yesterday Henry and I spent 20
minutes on a Wikipedia article for whale
sharks because we had a disagreement
about whether whale sharks bite humans I
don't want to brag but I was right and
toward all that stuff about whale sharks
cost us nothing I also think that the
community and connection I feel because
of the Internet has made my life richer
and better however I am looking forward
to doing a lot of reading this week
without every four minutes a little part
of my brain being like if you checked
your email there might be something
important so with that said I now
venture into a brave new world where
human beings talk to each other in real
life and breathe on each other
touch occasion it just sounds really
germy but I'm gonna do it because I
think it's good for my mental health
particularly in advance of Carnegie Hall
which is the sound that my anxiety makes
and being of Carnegie Hall nerdfighters
if you don't have tickets to Carnegie
Hall I have great news there is a link
in the doobly-doo where there are
hundreds of places
around the country and around the world
where you can gather together to watch a
live stream of the Carnegie Hall event
so go to that link and find one and then
go to a nerdfighter gotta meet new
nerdfighters etc and lastly Hank I'm
really sorry something terrible or
excellent happened in the last like
three days that I don't know about and
everyone's like why isn't he talking
about that in his video it's because I
am in the past Hank thank you for the 53
wonderful terrible jokes don't forget to
be awesome I will see you on Saturday
everyone else will see you on Friday but
I get back on Saturday I'll see you then
