good morning John today is the day after
Thanksgiving here in America
traditionally the day would we buy all
the things actually more traditionally
in my house is the day when we don't
leave the house because Black Friday
terrifies me people who aren't American
the very ominous sounding Black Friday
is an accident of history back in 1621
it was hard living here in America and
the first English settlers had a really
bountiful crop apparently this is
somewhat mythological and it was on a
Thursday and they were thankful that
inspired a holiday which is a nice kind
of idea for a holiday where you just
talk about the things that you thankful
for I need about food you also read
about it until the 1860s different
states celebrated this holiday on
different days until Abraham Lincoln
said this is the day we're gonna have a
national day in the south was like we're
not even part of you anymore what are
you talking about then when we got back
together again that was good and it
became the national holiday the fourth
Thursday in November and because it's a
national holiday on a Thursday you also
sort of get that Friday as a de facto
day off because you don't want to go
back to work for one day and then have
the weekend that's just done in the 60s
because so many people are going on
vacation on this day or to a lesser
extent going shopping this became such a
terrible traffic mess that police and
taxi drivers started calling it Black
Friday as stores and also just general
consumerist culture started pushing the
idea of Christmas shopping further and
further away from Christmas a big block
in the road where you can't push it back
any further is Thanksgiving because
that's its own holiday you can't start
Christmas before Thanksgiving and so
Black Friday became the official tipping
point into The Consumerist Bonanza that
is the holiday shopping season despite
the fact that it has kind of this
ominous sounding name it has been billed
as the biggest and most important and
best holiday shopping day of the year
which is actually not true we are a
nation of procrastinators and thus the
biggest shopping day of the year is
Christmas Eve
seems a little bit upsetting that the
day after we all get done telling the
world why we should be satisfied with
our lives we are browsed with an
advertising blitz showing us all the
things that we lack at the same time it
is very important to the American
economy we can't really get angry at
people for wanting to give each other
things and yes dftba.com has its own
Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals and
you can go to dftba.com and check those
out now it's also our fourth anniversary
of being a company which is very
exciting
to celebrate that fourth anniversary all
shipping within the United States this
weekend starting tomorrow I think it's
just four dollars matter what you buy
but I do think it's important that we
don't just scrub the idea of
satisfaction and thankfulness out of our
brains as soon as we're done for
Thanksgiving so on this Black Friday I
want to continue being thankful I'm
thankful to my wonderful and supportive
parents my beautiful intelligent and
hilarious wife I'm thankful to my new
Wii U if you want to go to youtube.com
slash hankgames you can see is playing
the new Super Mario Brothers there soon
thick filled all of my great friends
here in Missoula and across the world
I'm thankful to finally have a robust
and stable forum that can handle the
weight of nerdfighteria there's a link
in the description I'm thankful to
youtube and google for funding scishow
and crash course and for supporting
vlogbrothers and all of our endeavors
through the years I'm thankful to Reddit
and Qi mental Faust Magazine for making
sure that I keep learning interesting
things I'm thankful to Jonas Salk for
giving away the patent to his polio
vaccine to the world so that it could be
less expensive to manufacture and to Tim
berners-lee for doing basically the same
thing with the internet thankful to the
nerd craft area minecraft server and
tumblr and the ning and all the other
places on the internet where
nerdfighters do nerdfighter things and
i'm thankful to all the wonderful
thoughtful intelligent people who watch
and support the things that i do on the
internet even when it's snappy silly
videos like this one and i'm thankful of
course for my brother who's always
driving me to do new and interesting and
difficult things and who's raising a
wonderful family and who says wise and
intelligent things on tumblr and John
I'll see you on Tuesday
I know you're fine
