good morning Hank it's Tuesday November
6 2012 you cannot title a video spicy
summer camp story and then have it be
about actual spices that's just false
advertising by the way Hank this is
Susan
she's my zit so today Hank I'm gonna
tell an actual spicy summer camp story
complete with frenching which is what we
called kissing with tongue so I'm just
as a preface when I was young I was told
that the difference between kissing like
your friend and kissing someone you were
romantically involved with was the
tongue and then I came to the natural
conclusion that the more tongue you use
the more closely romantically linked you
were to the person you were licking as
you can imagine this may be a great
kisser wait it's Tuesday November 6 2012
it's Election Day okay I'm gonna get
back to the story but first a three-part
guide in how to vote step 1 wake up at
6:20 two in the morning overwhelmed with
anxiety done step two make sure you've
done your research there's a link in the
doobly-doo where you can find your
polling place and also all the elections
in your area most people know who they
want to vote for for like senator and
president but have you done your school
board research the school board election
is arguably the most important one of
all because they will decide the central
issue of our time should my novel
Looking for Alaska be banned from high
school classrooms it's the only election
where I'm truly a one-issue voter I'm
like what is your stance on banning my
book step 3 once you've woken up at 622
in the morning paralyzed with anxiety
and done your research it's time to go
vote
okay so I've arrived at the polling
station to have my little notes to help
me remember who I want to vote for and
I'm here with the Yeti not pictured how
do you feel about voting I'm excited you
know ladies couldn't vote until quite
recently we didn't trust you with it
I've never wanted to live it any other
age but now okay we did it I vote I
count
okay now respond back to the Frenchy but
first please vote I speak to you as a
former non-voter please vote you will
never regret it
okay so 49 weeks out of the year I was a
massive nerd with cooties and frenching
me was seen as like a social catastrophe
but then three weeks a year I would go
to summer camp and suddenly I was in the
middle I wasn't like hot or anything but
I was in the middle and being in the
middle sometimes people want to be your
girlfriend and they will even maybe want
to French you French you french with you
friendship at you I don't know with me
as an adolescent it was more of a French
act right okay so not to brag but over
eight years of summer camp Hank I kissed
six girls all of them
not the girls to kissing and as you can
imagine since I was someone who wasn't
frenching 49 weeks a year and also
believed that the way to say I like you
was to maximize face licking I was
really bad at kissing I was like a cat
trying to clean the face of my beloved
and I should add that I also did not
enjoy these kisses but I thought they
were what you were supposed to do no one
ever told me that I was bad until one
day I'm at summer camp it's the last
night of summer camp I'm like 14 years
old I think I was actually older than
that I don't want to tell you how old I
actually was but I'm at a square dance
and I'm kissing my girlfriend of like
three days and a friend comes up to me
he pulls me aside and he said you're
joking right and I was like joking about
what having a beautiful girlfriend and
he was like no you're joking with that
terrible weird thing that you're doing
that you think is kissing and then I
went over to my girlfriend of like three
days and I was like am I really terrible
kisser and she said yes and then I said
well how can I be better and she showed
me and suddenly kissing got awesome so
Hank the moral of my spicy summer camp
story is vote Hank I'll see you tomorrow
