morning John last week Catherine and I
celebrated our sixth anniversary by
trying to get out of the smoke and
heading into northern Montana we design
D&D characters we went into Glacier
National Park we watched a vh1 special
in the top 100 hits of the 90s which
kind of made me disappointed in my
generation we had a nice dinner out on
the deck of our hotel room unfortunately
there was a deck above us so we were on
a deck and there was a deck above us and
we gonna hear everything they were
saying so we knew that they could hear
everything we were saying it was a
little awkward until one of the people
up there spilt their beer and it poured
through the slats onto us and our dinner
and then it was a lot awkward and I
couldn't like correctly handle the
situation I guess build Billy drinks in
my life and so of weil I'm not a very
careful person and I probably wouldn't
have been any more careful than that guy
there it's kind of no one to be mad at
that doesn't make you feel any less mad
about having some restrained beer poured
all over your carefully cooked kielbasa
that maybe you think of deer because I
almost hit a deer on the way to
whitefish a cute one like little with
spot and the reason I didn't hit the
deer the one reason is because I did not
leave the gas station two seconds
earlier if I had I would have run right
into the deer because they wouldn't have
had time to stop that's the only reason
that made me think of how like every
time we drive over 30 miles an hour
anyway we're basically in an alternative
universe somewhere killing squirrels and
deer and dogs and cats and terrible
things that would make us feel terrible
but we don't feel bad about getting in a
car and driving unless it's one of those
times when we hit the deer I didn't do
anything different than the guy who did
hit the deer that day we are the same
but he has to feel bad about it and I
don't that's not fair and that made me
think of how we punished murderers more
than we punished attempted murderers
you're rewarding them for being bad it's
the thing they wanted to do at that
point is just a roll of the d20 to see
if they get a critical hit but just
because they happen to roll one they
don't have to go to jail that makes me
think of a bunch of other ways that our
justice system is kind of screwed up and
that makes me want to think about
something else like how later in that
same weekend after we got the beer off
Kathryn and I took a chairlift up to the
top of big mountain and it was kind of
scary
why squeaking Katherine's make a good
point that way you don't want to see
what's back there
no I gotta draw the camera where's aloof
oh we're on a chairlift going to the top
of what's it called big mouth it's
called big mountain it's a big mountain
they playing a lot of Minecraft it kind
of makes me want to get a pickaxe out
see if I could find some ore we are a
little bit afraid of heights Katherine
and I maybe Katherine tiny bit more than
me who wants one on a ferris wheel in
Missoula and we were like there's gonna
be a great idea you know Montana sized
ferris wheel not the eye of London or
whatever what's that called the London
Eye nothing the eye of London we got
like a third of the way up it and it was
like oh oh it is scary God is I hadn't
even looked that way yet that was the
first time I did that that was scary
there's a lot of nothing back there as
we walked the four mile path from the
top of big mountain back to the
chairlift I kept thinking about pads
which makes sense because I was walking
on a path about how man-made
constructions can actually make nature
more beautiful as long as they're
informed by the nature that they're a
part of about how the edge between
habitats can often be the most
productive areas of an ecosystem about
how a path is a communal creation
created by thousands of footsteps of men
and women and animals and how a path
indicates both a journey and a
destination and how those things are
always better if you have someone that
you love to share them with John I have
chosen a punishment as well though I
have had to make a gluten-free in order
to accommodate my terrible excuse for
coal in other news the Lizzie Bennet
diaries just hit its fiftieth episode
thank you all so much for helping that
project survive and thrive it's really
great to see people enjoying and in my
season 5 recap of the guild which will
be going live on geek & sundry I talk
faster than I have ever talked before so
that's something to see links in the
doobly-doo John thank you for being
awesome and I will see you on Tuesday
