come on in John I asked on Twitter just
now what people want me to chat about
two down vlogbrothers and a bunch people
ask me questions about college and so
then I was like hey you got college
question oh my gosh they did lots of
let's see if I have any useful wisdom to
impart despite the fact that I haven't
been inside of a classroom in a decade
and a half Kate asks how much plasma
would I have to sell to pay for an
engineering degree first of all if
you're going to get an engineering
degree you should probably be able to do
this calculation yourself second a lot
like way more than you have you're gonna
have to harvest there from other people
which I do not condone but you're here
to solve problems girl you I go to a
college 1,500 miles away that I love or
one nearer home and help my parents with
my million tiny siblings so I hope you
understand that we're all assuming
you're a Roche person now do your Roche
person it is commendable that you're so
committed to your family who I will say
a thing here one of the great benefits
of college and this isn't something
everybody wants and not something
everybody gets it's being able to break
off a little bit from the whole life
that has been constructed around you and
then seeing what life is like when you
build some structures for yourself to
kind of see who you are when you're on
your own a little bit but also family is
important that I'm totally useless so I
major in something that I'm passionate
about or something that's more
financially secure Oh creepy girl I tell
you what uh we don't know what's going
to be financially secure at all like
what career what skill set is going to
be useful in the future it's change a
real fast right now
seems to be kind of a lie that we're
telling ourselves or we're letting
colleges tell us that like this is a job
training program it's not you are
learning how to be better at stuff and
that's going to be useful in getting
work and in doing work if you go to
college or if you just are living your
life you're going to acquire a bunch of
skills and you're not going to know
which ones of those skills are going to
turn out to be useful have them
precisely because you don't know which
ones are going to be the ones you need
life is not a job training program we
are not in college we are not on earth
to get job what I hope is that we are on
earth to solve problems for ourselves
and for other people and education helps
that whatever kind of education you get
favorite class you took I thought about
this for a long time and I have decided
to say anthropology because it was just
amazing for me at that point in my life
to see how many different ways there are
to be people eyes it's so expensive I
mean
a whole video about that actually it's
complicated your mom goes to college she
does not but if she did Thomas I would
support her how expensive was it my
school in 1998 the first year I went to
school tuition was $22,000 a year I got
some scholarships and so it was about
$10,000 a year for me today's dollars
that's around 14 grand a year wishin
that Eckert is now $42,000 a year but
97% of students get financial aid in
what ways is collage different from say
decoupage or scrapbooking ah mr.
Douglass I'm dying no no no no no
suddenly journalism is having a revival
people are paying for it again I'm a
last question hey cool decorating ideas
well it turns out we have a
back-to-school sale happening at the FT
va.com also wait for we've made up
nerdfighter backpacks for the first time
ever like it does there as a nerdfighter
Crest's it's subtle I actually designed
this and partnership with spiral which
is the company that makes really cool
backpacks we made I think 500 of them
and then there are no more after that so
we'll see how that goes also got this
new hoodie going on which is super comfy
it's got these things and as for
decorations I would suggest getting a
frame like this at Michaels and getting
yourself a poster dftba.com currently on
sale because it's back-to-school time
how do posts are on you all
totally cool framing it it's like what
who is this classy dude I hope that that
was in some way maybe a little bit
helpful for people John I'll see you on
Tuesday hey also Parade magazine made a
video about me and John and our history
on YouTube we could check it out it's
funny and cute there's a link to that
down in description as well as to these
things and also to the video that I made
about why college is so expensive
