good morning Hank it's Tuesday VidCon is
this week and a related story Oh is the
sound that my anxiety makes so Hank I'm
in a hotel in Canada at a conference
about educational video featuring like
CGP grey and Vsauce and minutephysics
and vy are tons of fascinating people
but Hank the operative word there is
Canada because as you remember from the
last time that we went to Canada it is
not easy for me to get into Canada right
so this happens every time I come to
Canada but I fly in I have my customs
forms filled out I get in line and then
I am sent it like this special
immigration office for felons and other
undesirables and then I am asked if I
have ever been denied entrance to Canada
before and I say yes in 1995 I was
denied entrance to your fine country due
to insufficient funds so Hank this was
in the halcyon days before teenagers had
credit cards and when I was a freshman
in college a friend of mine and I we
drove up to Windsor Ontario it's a
friend of mine and I our friend of mine
and me a friend of mine and I I was
right to begin with a just trust my
instincts so we drove to Windsor with a
two liter bottle of Mountain Dew a loaf
of bread and some peanut butter and $14
I don't know by what definition that
constitutes insufficient funds
so we tried across the border they
searched our car for drugs then they
turn us around for insufficient funds we
go back to America where they again
search our car for drugs this time for
three hours even though we never got to
Canada but it was fine we had a nice
story when we got back to college we
were too poor for Canada I think I never
had a problem getting into Canada until
2001 when suddenly my name appeared on a
list of undesirables and now every
single time I go to Canada I am forced
to explain again that in 1995 I was
deemed insufficiently wealthy to visit
this great nation oh and then they
searched my bags and let me go on my way
so anyway today I asked the guy is this
gonna last forever is there any way I
can clear my name make a donation to
your health care system or something
that will allow me to not be on the list
and he said and I'm quoting him directly
here Hank mr. green you're gonna die on
that list so that's my story of how I
became undesirable
to Canadians Canadians perhaps this
helps you understand why I don't tour
here more often
also nerdfighters if history tells us
anything it's that Hank will fail to
upload his video on Friday due to VidCon
stress so prepare your punishment ideas
and leave them in comments they st.
comments or comments I really don't
enunciate very well for an ostensibly
professional video blogger
