good morning John earlier this week
matthew inman the oatmeal posted a comic
about how to get likes on facebook and
one of the things that he suggested
doing was to create a sing-along video
explaining how to properly load a
dishwasher and so oh this is how you
load a dishwasher this is how you load a
dish washer GE frigidaire Bosch or world
glue or any ghana dishwasher
well I like to put my cup three in the
basket facing down so my hands never
touch the parts that go inside mouths
but other folks with cleaner hands put
them facing the other way
it's the Jets of water catch them better
with their spray oh this tag load a
dishwasher this is how you load a
dishwasher GE Frigidaire washer
whirlpool or any Ghana dishwasher oh
please make sure to check and see if
it's dishwasher safe because you don't
want to brew we're melting to your
plates and remember to scrape off clumps
of caked on cheese and fat and always
check to make sure that you don't wash
your cat's oldest I load a dishwasher
this diode an ish washer ge Fitch
decoupage or whirlpool or any Ghana
dishwasher Oh heavy things go on the
bottom and the like things on top to
save water in energy please fill that
sucker up and once you've got everything
in its proper place insert the detergent
push the button with your face the Sun
is gigantic with a diameter more than
400 times that of the moon however when
you're standing on earth the Sun and the
moon appear to be roughly the same size
the reason for this is that the Sun is
400 times more distant from the earth
than the moon and thus appears 400 times
smaller is this just a coincidence
yes oh this hail a dishwasher this is
how you load a dishwasher a GE
Frigidaire washer whirlpool and got a
dishwasher
that is for sure this title and its
washer GE Frigidaire washer already got
a dishwasher
it's very egotistical day here at Hank
rege headquarters I've got a Hank green
shirt on and a hank Reed draw and that
I've had since like 2008 I don't think
I've ever put it on my wall Neal
McMillan thank you for that I'm wearing
this today though because it's one of my
favorite shirts that I ever designed and
it's on sale for $5 off at dftba.com oh
ah that's better feel way less sell outi
now recently a slew of teenagers didn't
know that the Titanic was a real thing
they just thought it was a movie and yes
when I read these things I feel the same
way as you where I'm just shocked I'm
like why I'm sick of the thing about
like the American education system but
really really there are a lot of things
that twelve year olds aren't being
taught in American schools and the
sinking of the Titanic is not at the top
of my list of addition do they know what
the Battle of Hastings was are like why
the Magna Carta was important probably
not so my immediate question is why is
it that the Titanic things the thing we
care about a lot here's why I think
because the Signum of the Titanic is in
history to us it's still cultural memory
it's just one of those things that
everybody should know but it turns out
that 20 of the 100 million active users
on Twitter did not know that initially
this is shocking to us because we as
humans think that there is a shared
cultural memory that we can count on
everyone knowing but if you think about
it for a couple seconds it becomes clear
how extremely unsurprising it really is
guess what we're not all born knowing
everything pretending like those 20
people are idiots because they like
lived a different life than I did
doesn't serve any purpose except to like
maybe make me feel superior make them
feel horrible and also make me you know
have a little bit less faith in humanity
all of those things are bad John that's
all for today I imagine that was enough
I'll see you on Tuesday
