good morning John this is part of a
series I'm calling vlog extra days in
April which I hope you will join me in
weird weird
what is there's a little guy here ha ha
I think I accidentally just found a
geocache that's exactly what it is and
that's gross
it looks like there's some gross stuff
in there I'm going down to the river now
it's more of a creek or as they say in
Montana Creek I don't know why ooh it's
pretty
basically this coming down here to find
a nice place to film so hopefully I will
find one of those soon I'm pretty good
make sure my butt crack isn't showing
floated to do something that no one had
ever done before an adaptation in online
video taking a previous work and
transferring it into this new media
there's not I don't know of any examples
of this happening I wanted something
that was a great story that I loved and
I wanted to make this kind of something
that my wife would really enjoy and I
wanted to think that was very dialogue
based a very character-based so that we
could do it not as a big production with
lots of sets and scenes and everything
but just as a person talking to a camera
it's a work of fiction adapted into a
video blog and a work of fiction that we
chose this Pride and Prejudice because
you know it's the best story of all time
such a wonderful romance and the
characters of all so much and I'm so
interested in the in this story and I
never would have been if it hadn't been
for Catherine of course but she's a huge
PNP fan basically a scholars much much
different than anything I've ever done
when I made a video blog like I prefer
to be alone right this is like resting
on a tree right now
whereas this ya have to have actors in
like sound guy in production people and
writers and organizing all these people
and that's something that was totally
new to me and also like making a story
cuz cuz I feel like vlogbrothers is a
story but it wasn't intentionally a
story we didn't set out to like start
here and end up here and have a middle
to wonderful story it's my favorite
story ever but with this we're actually
telling a story we have to figure out
how to break it up and how to write it
and how to transfer it into the present
day because obviously it's not a period
piece it's really new and really
exciting for me to do something that
that's so different and of course like I
don't have time for this but here I am
doing it anyway because I list is so
captured by the idea and it's also
important to note that it's very
different from what I'm doing and thus
it I don't really know how to get it out
there there's part of me that's like I
know this is good so what do I have to
do now to actually get people to watch
it we've made eight episodes and to make
more than eight episodes we're going to
have to you know somehow
prove that people want to watch it so
either we can get a sponsor or we could
just get enough views that we can pay
for it it's pretty
you know honestly dangerous because it's
very different from the way that any
other fiction story has been told before
so it's entirely possible that it just
will not be a good way to tell a story I
hope that that's not the case I don't
feel like that's the case but it's
possible and that people won't react
well to it you don't like it that's fine
and I'm not worried it's it I consider
it to be an extremely exciting
experiment so that's that sound feeling
and I hope that I hope that you like
this to straight up I hope that you like
it I hope that you enjoy it and if you
do please share it and hopefully we can
make this a sustainable project and
we'll get to tell the whole story Lizzie
Bennet miss Collins and Charlotte Lu
Charlotte Lu she's called travel glue in
the show Charlotte Lucas in the book now
I have to go to dinner party was friends
of mine and now I'm home hey Bob was a
lovely dinner party look at my friend
Dan got me trial it in the Monon I'm
gonna put an annotation up so you could
check out Lizzie but it Diaries John you
will see me tomorrow because I'm
vlogging extra days in april dftba
