I woke up on Saturday and Amsterdam
around 9:30 extravagantly jet-lagged but
six feet tall and should have woken up
an hour ago
then enjoyed the canal view from my
window for a few moments before it
occurred to me that I was naked from the
waist down so I got dressed standard
shot of brushing teeth and met Henry's
old babysitter Marcia we walked down to
the apartment where I'd lived while
finishing The Fault in Our Stars of
building a century older than my country
had an excellent cup of coffee while
marveling at the fact that Amsterdam's
spouse square contains more
english-language bookstores in my entire
hometown of 1 million people I only had
two free hours so we raced through the
van Hien Hoff and then I payed to pee at
to the loo enjoyed some excellent
graffiti eight Vlaams of frittata graphs
and books almost got hit by the tram ate
some herring almost got hit by the
cyclists bought season 2 of Sherlock and
then walked down toward the Vondelpark
to relive Gus & Hazel's wish here's the
hotel - Phyllis off and here is the
number 1 tram and here's the cafe at the
old film Museum in the park and here is
the tree as it looks at and here are the
epin which aren't yet snowing and here
is Peter Van Houten 's house and here's
the N Frank house which they don't let
you videotape and here's the view hazel
and Gus have sitting on the bench beside
the prince and a crock canal after their
dinner and here is the bar where a guy
threw a glass of beer at me when I ax
won their 30th league championship I
don't mean you threw the beer inside a
glass at me I mean he threw both the
beer and the glass at me and when I was
like hey you know we're both supporting
the same team here he said and I'm
quoting him directly ah right that has
nothing to do with the book back to
Amsterdam I have a series of interviews
that afternoon in the hotels fancy
library where I would be all like I had
to reconcile myself to it before I could
write right god I hope I sound less dumb
when they translate that to Dutch anyway
this was all in support of the
publication of envy fell I don't speak
Dutch the beautiful Dutch edition of The
Fault in Our no edge then I walked down
to a canal boat where I took pictures of
someone taking pictures of me and I hung
out with writers and journalists and my
friend yet who has more courage than I
do we got to see the central library of
Amsterdam on our trip where I wrote much
of The Fault in Our Stars sitting right
there and then we had to do a theater
where I got to listen to a presentation
about the mathematics and The Fault in
Our Stars that discuss Venn diagrams and
Hazel's incorrect assumption that there
are more whole numbers between 0 & 2
then there are between 0 & 1
Oh watercolors
they have you and the snow
ledyba and Lauda sang me a song about
homoerotic Sherlock watercolors and
presented me with hula artwork
afterwards I walked over to blossom
which was the inspiration for the
restaurant Gus and Hazel visit and then
got lost walking around the city Hayes
was wrong about infinite cardinality but
she's right that some infinities are
larger than others I wanted her to be
wrong but right because that's how we
muddle through as observers of the
universe forging meaning where we can
find it from fact and fiction alike and
as my brain drowned in jet lag I thought
of the months I lived here so much of
that time I was sick and crippled with
anxiety but all I could think about now
as night fell was how much you can love
made up people and how much you can miss
them Hank I'll see you on Friday
