good morning John I'm at the grocery
store right now with Michael or Rhonda
because we are going to be playing some
Hunger Games in honor of the release of
The Hunger Games welcome to the
first-ever Hank and Michael hunger game
that shall be several components to this
year's Hunger Games different games
within games just go get it go away
part number one Michael and I have not
eaten anything and it's like four
o'clock in the afternoon so we are hung
second Hunger part of Hunger Games
Hungry Hungry Hippos which is a hunger
game in the third part of the Hunger
Games we are making cookies but we are
making them weird we are putting a
different thing inside of every cookie
and there will be two files a good pile
and a bad pile if you lose you have to
eat from the bad pile in the good pile
we have gushers banana a piece of a Twix
bar some york peppermint pattie a Chios
a miniature Oreo dark chocolate Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup and John's favorite a
peep yeah there's like milk chocolate on
their butts I'm sure we're gonna have to
decapitate them if you didn't cook
anyway in the bad pile we have beef
jerky cold cuts and barbecue sauce
yellow mustard easy cheese pickles
sooner wrinkles a hard-boiled egg or
some potted meat food product yeah
that's the one I'm looking forward to
this is our chocolate chip cookie dough
never eat raw cookie dough because it's
bad for you ah the way to do what I
think is to like take some cookie dough
and then you like make a bowl and then
you put your thing into the bowl and
then you close the bowl up it just looks
like a cookie so you can't tell what's
in there so it would be a surprise it's
gonna remove his head this is not going
to be a calorie neutral day
they're people why don't you like olives
Hank and I'm like because they taste
like poison people look at your fingers
before you make more cookies but I'm
going to eat
we have made cookies we have the good
and no bad and the good I could tell
because I saw some egg yeah guess I'll
just take the one on the top I'll take
this one
mmm quick oh good I can't tell what this
is yet Wow must be really bad is broke
can't wait to see what I get next it
looks like Pringles
you just taste kind of salty don't try
this at home because it's stuck to the
baking sheet like mad but chocolate chip
and gushers cookies a plus
whoo I don't have to even bad one
I just the one that I'm fairly certain
is easy cheese not bad
yeah easy cheese wow that's a strong
flavor
pickle pickle what are we doing ah
every time I move my mouth I taste it
more eat the mold to know is there
something fun to be and I could see it
leaking on the potty
agghhhh agghhhhh the texture more than
anything
all right barbecued turkey cookie come
to me nope nope nope nope nope we are no
longer hungry in fact I am now what you
would call the opposite of hungry
instead wanting to put food in my body I
would like to take it out which end
either thank you for watching the first
annual Hunger Games this is an annual
thing I'm I have week to do this again
we are aware of the metaphorical
implications of what we've just done
John I'll see you on Tuesday
