good morning Hank it's Tuesday today I
want to talk about death and how to
avoid it also there will be a signing
update at the end of this video but
first death so the other day I dropped
my kids off at camp and as I was helping
them out of the car one of them sneezed
directly onto my hands and then as I was
driving home I could literally feel like
the gross aerosolized cold virus spit
drying on my hands so I opened up the
center console and started looking
around for some Purell in there and that
was a tremendous and potentially fatal
miscalculation so I talked a lot about
how human life is getting better and in
almost every way it really is we are
healthier more prosperous and less
likely to die from violence than at any
point in human history but there are a
few ways that human life is actually
getting worse like wealth inequality for
instance has been growing although it's
still low by historical standards and
that's bad especially for the poor but
also for the whole social order because
it inhibits overall economic growth and
socio-economic mobility and then we have
the so called preventable death rate
here in the United States these are just
it could be prevented with existing
technology by reducing medical errors or
getting people to quit smoking etc
between 2010 and 2014
overall preventable deaths in the u.s.
decreased but preventable deaths by
so-called unintentional injury increased
by 23 percent which is a lot so what's
going on well as you can see here there
are three big reasons first Falls which
is going up mostly because the
population of the United States is
getting older and older people are far
more likely to die from falling and then
there is poisoning which is almost
entirely drug overdoses
so back in 1992 Americans won more than
three times as likely to be murdered
than they were to die of drug overdoses
but today Americans are more than three
times as likely to die of drug overdoses
than they are to be murdered that's
partly because homicide rates are fallen
by almost 40 percent but mostly because
drug overdoses are skyrocketing drug
overdoses are now the leading cause of
death for Americans under the age of 50
now the drug abuse crisis in the United
States is very complex there's a great
health care tree our series about it
that I will link to in the doobly-doo
below but what's clear is that what we
are doing about the substance abuse
crisis is woefully inadequate and I just
want to take a quick moment here to say
to anyone out there living with
substance abuse you are valuable and
deserve to be loved and supported and to
be well and there are lots of people
who live wonderful lives in recovery I
know there are not enough options for
treatment but I hope you will seek help
today
put some resources in the doobly-doo
below okay so lastly we have motor
vehicle accidents which brings me back
to my Purell miscalculation the overall
death rate from car accidents has fallen
a lot since 1975 with improvements to
car safety but in 2015 it actually rose
by 7% some of that is probably
attributable to more miles being driven
as the economy continued to improve but
most of it is because of distracted
driving too many of us are using our
phones while we drive or playing pokemon
go or reaching for Purell I didn't get
in a car accident while trying to find
that Purell just as most of the time
people don't get in car accidents when
they text while driving but I
nonetheless dramatically increased my
risk of dying and also my risk of
killing someone else far more than
whatever infinitesimally I have as a
result of the cold virus on my hand
so I'm making this video mostly as a
reminder to myself when I am driving the
greatest threat to my health and
well-being by far is not whatever text I
just received or whatever spit is drying
on my hands its inattentive driving all
right sorry that sounded like a long PSA
it's just there's so few things in life
that we can actually fix and this is one
of them signing update I have about
34,000 copies to go that's about 68
hours of signing which i think is doable
also I am told that Amazon will soon run
out of their allotment of signed copies
of turtles all the way down don't worry
there will still be tons of signed
copies at bookstores all over the US and
Canada and you can always stay up to
date on how to get a probably signed
copy at probably signed turtles calm but
if you want to get one from Amazon now
is probably the time links in the
doobly-doo below hank you will see me
actually on Thursday because Esther day
