good morning Hank it's Tuesday today I
want to help you understand what's going
on in Syria and I know that you're on
the internet so you're constantly being
distracted by like photographs of Ryan
Gosling and homoerotic Sherlock
watercolors but just give me four
minutes okay so our story begins in 1946
with Syria declaring independence and
getting the flag Syria was briefly a
parliamentary republic but it ever
really took it in the first ten years
they had four different constitutions
and like a gajillion changes in
government they were led by this guy and
this guy and this guy and this guy
couple important things first in 1956
Syria signed a pact with the Soviet
Union promising to dabble in communism
in exchange for guns and tanks and stuff
also in 1958 Syria and Egypt briefly
decided to become the same country the
United Arab Republic which of course
necessitated a new flag but then in 1961
Syria was like we're succeeding and
we're going back to our old flag this
led to a big mess in a couple coos
culminating with the bath party taking
control in 1963 with a new flag Hank you
may remember the bath party from Iraq
bathroom is a secular that is
non-religious political philosophy that
advocates for a socialist pan-arab
staked path means Renaissance the idea
was that all the Arabs would unify and
have this awesome utopia it didn't work
all right let's get back to 1971
heretofore defense minister who Fez
al-assad becomes president of Syria by a
bloodless coup which is my favorite kind
of coup Hafez al-assad really oversaw
the first stable period in Syrian
history he passed a constitution he
established a state-run economy that led
to significant growth in per capita GDP
he also killed a lot of dissidents
disastrously invaded Israel in 1973 and
in 1976 entered the Lebanese civil war
first on one side then on the other
thereby beginning a Syrian occupation of
Lebanon that would last for almost
thirty years that occupation was not
popular particularly since Syria had a
habit of assassinating Lebanese
politicians also he changed the flag
twice once in 1972 and then again in
1980 one more thing about a fez al-assad
he was a law we allow ism is a sect of
she is amid some very unusual beliefs
for instance unlike most Muslims they
don't believe that praying five times a
day is mandatory and also unlike most
Muslims they celebrate Christmas
loccent tried to wriggle all wisdom into
the Islamic mainstream for instance he
prayed in public and he built a lot of
mosques but still too a lot of Sunni and
even Shia Muslims awawa are seen as
apostates okay so in 2000 who Fez Allah
cidade and the Syrian Parliament
immediately passed a law reducing the
minimum age for president from 42
34 you'll never guess who was 34 at the
time unless you guess it was a Lawson
son Bashar
so Bashar al-asad is immediately elected
president of Syria with ninety seven
point nine percent of the vote a
statistic that is slightly less
impressive when you consider that no one
else was allowed on the ballot and there
is widespread hope that Bashar al-assad
will bring reform not so much that said
no one foresaw how he would respond to
the pro-democracy Arab Spring protests
that began in early 2011 soldiers who
refused to fire on civilians were
summarily executed entire towns were
bombed torture was widespread tens of
thousands were arrested the UN estimates
that in the last year more than 10,000
people most of them unarmed civilians
have been killed in Syria and Hank while
this fight is definitely not about
religion it's important to understand
that most of the pro-democracy
opposition is Sunni Muslim and that
Assad still enjoys significant support
among many allow ease and Christians and
now Syria finds itself in a civil war
the UN Security Council has tried to act
on this but both Russia and China have
vetoed all resolutions about Syria
possibly because of like old Cold War
ties possibly because what they see has
failed intervention in Libya and
possibly because Russia's only naval
port in the Middle East is in Syria so
at the moment violence continues and
there is no clear path forward like
Syria has been expelled from the Arab
League and sanctions will drag down the
Syrian economy but will any of that
force al Assad to resign and if he does
can Syria return to stability or will it
again find itself having like three coos
a year it's worth remembering that the
pro-democracy opposition's flag is this
the one that flew over Syria during all
its coos and instability but those
people want freedom and representative
government and the Syrian regime is
massacring them for it so should we help
and if so how those are rhetorical
questions let's continue the
conversation in comments Hank I'll see
you on Friday
