good morning John today I would like to
talk to you and no eggs yes today's
video is going to be about the fact the
universe does not have an edge and we're
going to start with the observable
universe we often use universe
interchangeably with observable universe
which is the universe that we can
conceivably see given that photons have
to travel from the edge of it to us
before we can see the observable
universe is a sphere and it centers upon
the observer in that each and every one
of us looking out at the night sky we
are the center of the observable
universe the observable universe is like
the observable ocean if you're sitting
on the beach there's a horizon out there
but of course what that doesn't mean is
that there isn't more stuff out there
beyond what we see as the edge of the
universe no edge the universe can also
be defined as just everything there is
and of course it's impossible to say
that there is something outside of
everything no that one was creepy but
that's not actually a very good
definition of the University what the
universe really is is this evenly dense
ever expanding mass of stuff that we can
study and we have learned many
fascinating things about a lot of people
say to me Hank the universe is expanding
it has to be cleaning into something and
expanding into something there has to be
an edge there's nothing here and there's
universe here right cuz it's expanding
no it's actually not expanding into
something it's just expanding I'm gonna
try to explain that the Big Bang was not
an explosion the way that we think about
explosions with things shooting off and
you know more stuff in the middle then
as it expands out there's less stuff the
Big Bang was not like that and the
universe is not like just like there is
no edge there is no Center after that
cosmological moment of the Big Bang
everything existed and was evenly spaced
and remains that way though gravity
likes makes little clumps but overall
the universe is evenly dense when we say
that the universe is expanding we don't
mean that individual galaxies and
planets are shooting out away from one
another what we mean is that the fabric
that they exist in is stretching in
order to freak you out just a tiny bit
more if you wanted to find the physical
geographical place where the Big Bang
started it would be everywhere we're not
actually sure whether the universe is
infinite current data suggests that it
is
perfectly possible that the universe is
infinite and also expanding which no uh
no edge I know I'm right there with you
dude so yes it may just be that some
infinite are larger than other infinite
the universe also on the other hand
might be finite somewhere out beyond
where we can see there might be on edge
wait are you gonna be okay edge yeah I
know maybe probably maybe I better love
us beyond what we can see there is
certainly more and if there is an edge
we will never see it and we will never
know it there are also a lot of other
reasons why this is fascinating I'm not
going to get into all of those reasons
maybe I will write a blog post about it
by the way speaking of blog posts my
tumblr died it's complicated but if you
were following me on tumblr you don't
have to go follow me on tumblr again I'm
sorry please do that cuz I'll miss you
otherwise also there's a very little
quantity of these still existing if you
would like to get one it's the Tour de
nerdfighting CD which I had at the Tour
de nerdfighting but we had extras and I
don't want to throw them away John even
though it seems that you don't think the
universe is appropriately interesting I
still like you a lot and I will see you
on Tuesday no edge hello endscreen if
you are wondering basically this video
is what scishow is all the time except
scishow has nicer production value so
you may want to go to youtube.com slash
scishow and subscribe
O'Malley edge and I'm ahead on a moment
with you George
