neck pillow good morning John it's
Friday oh god I had four hours of sleep
last night
I want you to do is record a very quiet
video it's a simple request we are now
in Arizona all wait we're going across
the river we are now in California we're
actually still in Arizona we are our in
California we are at the Jesus Christ is
Lord travel Santa you are wearing a neck
pillow I'm wearing my neck pillow Jill
yes there's a little something on your
face Catherine hits the bun of scene
knowing you're annoying why are you
still as his car John I'm here today
with number one New York Times
bestselling author of The Fault in Our
Stars John Green I Hank I'm so Donna how
does it feel to be number one I mean
it's ridiculous I love their invite area
so much I mean I would like to take
credit for it but it is it has nothing
to do with me it is kind of cool that
you could have written up like a really
horrible book i pre-ordered it and then
they would have got her to be like oh my
god I know but instead you wrote an
amazing book blog Grossman in Time
magazine you were damn near genius near
well how does that feel near to jeans
how does that feel John I don't know you
tell me as John says in the shows my
greatest accomplishment is being your
friend that's my favorite joke in the
show I love it yeah that and the fact
that almost every night you get shocked
instead of me you're very empathic as
you said less haha
I was nervous I said empathic when I
meant empathetic I'm my ulcer I'm
empathic bellewaerde meeting notes um
moist you're right I can savor totally
right twice he's always thinking of
moist
what do you do when you're backstage
before show to get to get ready um
I mostly just sit and watch you play the
same chameleon circuit song over and
over and over again
I'm very nervous and that's it's one of
the only things that makes me not her
well you know what what would make me
less nervous is if you were practicing
the songs you are going to play oh oh
the glory of it all our interview is
nearing its end because John has a
hamburger
thanks for interviewing many final words
for the people of my audience I hope you
guys like The Fault in Our Stars and
thanks for being on
don't
case you're wondering how we spend the
moments before we go onstage purchase on
it for some reason it's disgusting
Oh in this come on
feeling terrible
