good morning John so this video is going
to be about birth control and statistics
if you're not super down talking about
sex
or math or you get the weebly's thinking
about me talking about either of those
things I don't mind if you check out on
this one for those of you who stayed I
remember when I first took sex ed I was
told that condoms had a two percent
failure rate and there's about 25
different ways that you can
misunderstand that statistic so I want
to talk about that first what kind of
failure has condoms do more than one
thing they've reduced the chances of
pregnancy but also of disease
transmission or when they say failure do
they mean like a structural failure of
the condom which may or may not result
in pregnancy or disease transmission
well in this case what my sex ed teacher
was talking about and what we're talking
about in this video is unwanted
pregnancy so my teacher was saying when
using a condom perfectly and properly
for vaginal sex there's a 2% chance of
pregnancy occurs but like per what I
thought at the time that it was per sex
that makes a certain amount of sense or
like every time you do it you have a 2%
chance of pregnancy and that would be
pretty terrible like that would be just
ten times better than just having
unprotected sex whenever you read about
unintended pregnancy rates with birth
control that's per year of use not per
individual intercourse so over a year of
perfect proper condom use there is a 2%
chance that a couple will get pregnant
not a couple there's just the one person
but you know it's actually for me is a
little less good because one sexually
active person might have way like 10
times more sex than another sexually
active person the person who has more
sex will be more likely to get pregnant
using only condoms but that's how it
gets measured because for the most part
these statistics aren't meant to help
individuals make individual decisions
they're meant to inform public health
decisions by policy makers but they get
used by individuals because they're the
only stats we have her active
intercourse the odds of pregnancy
decrease about 250 times if you're using
a condom that's a lot better than just
10 times and that is a statistic that as
far as I can tell has never been taught
in a sex ed course because I had to
calculate it myself using somewhat
incomplete raw data now in addition to
this understanding of the 2% statistic
meant I also misunderstood how
statistics work and I thought that meant
that if there was a 2% chance of
unintended pregnancy that if you did it
a hundred times
there would be two pregnancies that's
not how probabilities work you have a 2%
chance ever
years have a 2% chance the first year 2%
chance the tenth year 2% chance 100-year
though not actually on 100 deer seems
unlikely every year is a new roll of the
dice but statistics does allow us to
measure probabilities for multiple rolls
of the dice so if you go for two years
you multiply 0.98 5.98 to get your odds
of not getting pregnant if you use
condoms perfectly every time for 10
years your odds become about 20% that
you'll get pregnant and over 20 years
that becomes 1 and 3 the final and vital
way that this statistic is misunderstood
is that perfect use is very different
from typical use and when we measure
typical use we see that condoms result
in pregnancy about 20% of years in which
people only use condoms that is a very
different number from 2% typical use is
how the average person uses birth
control and you may not be an average
person nobody really is if there's a way
to mess up people often find that way
which is why new forms of birth control
like implants or IUDs if they work for
that particular person have had a really
substantial impact on unwanted
pregnancies in the world and in America
these technologies typical use is the
exact same at their perfect use because
they're just always doing the thing
they're supposed to do and they're also
even more effective than perfect use of
condoms so neither of them to be clear
protect against two diseases obviously
John I made this video because I was
really confused when I was given these
statistics I wish that I had had more
than the basketball coach begrudgingly
parroting some politicized curriculum at
me hopefully the existence of the
internet and continuing work of
scientists to understand this stuff will
allow people to get better information
and make better decisions even as people
continue to fight to hide this stuff
John I'll see you on Tuesday
