good morning John this video out of
necessity has some swear words in it
though they're all bleeped but if you're
ultra-sensitive to that kind of thing
you may just not want to watch this one
you hopefully remember mom's video that
I said in front of some little kids at
the mall and I felt like a huge that got
me wondering what our swear words anyway
so those are all the definitions and
every one of them so I created my own
and that is it's a word that you know
how to say and you know what it means
but you know also not to say it in front
of your mom also the word cannot slander
any particular group of people because a
slur is different than a swear sometimes
a curse word will make a transition from
curse word to slander and that's why the
word remains at the top of most people's
do not say list because it's not just a
swear words also become slander of like
half of the world's population it's easy
to say like I didn't begin this video
there's nothing special about dirt but
that's actually literally not true there
is something different about them swear
words have a different kind of power
than normal words for example people who
in a scientific study were being
subjected to pain I know
science it's so much fun who would stand
more pain when they were encouraged to
swear yeah next Amisha beautto is
actually a perfectly legitimate and like
probably a good idea to discreet not
swear words have power because we give
them power of course it's unclear why we
ascribe the power of profanity to some
words and not to other words definitely
linguistic form that's more common if it
has a round noise in the middle and a
hard noise at the end they're almost
always words for things that we're
ashamed of like body parts or sex or
bodily functions one so it becomes a
curse it loses its original meaning
pretty fast like I'm not talking about
any particular sphincter when I call
someone it's almost as if my brain is a
special place for curse words it's
different from the place where its doors
normal word for tea it does language and
linguistics happen and a recently
developed and very complex part of the
brain in the left hemisphere swearing on
the other hand happens in the emotional
bit in the limbic system swear words are
stored and accessed in a completely
different way so next time you think
there's nothing different about swear
words there is there physiologically
different for us this is why it's hard
not to scream when you die on the last
boss in Super Mario Brothers we you can
think of swear words is being stored in
our brains as units of emotional
expression almost like a laugh or a
scream or crying it it blurs the line
between linguistics and emotion in this
way it's actually possible that swearing
gives us insights into the origin of
language the first words ever spoken by
ants
of Homo sapiens may have found their
home in the same place that we now store
our Tintin so check this out we call
them curse words and we don't think
about that but what we're saying here is
that they're magic because I think deep
down we always knew that words are magic
and some words have more power than
other all the words that I have said in
this video is a spell that I'm casting
upon your brain
we could build worlds with words we can
tear worlds down language is the tool
that all of this wonderful stuff that
I'm surrounded by is built on it's the
one tool over any other that created
humanity and it's just so beautiful John
I'll see you on Monday oh I have a
mustache hey there ladies I'm Hank green
I have a mustache my own take the
glasses off now I don't look like
anything like me to I completely
different dude also and have got a
haircut
in the last couple hours so everything
is just different I did a whole video of
me shaving it I'm gonna put the whole
thing up on Hanks channel I don't feel
like I look like a pedophile kind of
look like a cop I'm Hanks a cop what are
you got in your trunk what's in your
truck open up your trunk that's what
cops do right they tell you to open your
trunk please man that is not me that is
I'm not that guy as long as you here let
me tell you about the new YouTube it
allows you to go through your
subscriptions and tax certain people in
your top 10 unfortunately if you have 10
people vlogbrothers will still be a
below the fold because our name starts
with a V so you should only tak 5 people
ok
dftba and officer Hank says don't do
drugs
