good morning Janet very nearly
Thanksgiving here in these United States
of America according to Greene family
tradition it's now time for me to tell
you what I'm thankful for which is a
wonderful brother who is a brilliant
writer an awesome bunch of people who
watch me make a fool out of myself on
YouTube an amazing family and a loving
wife who will carry my dead weight
through all of Super Mario Brothers we
haven't my obligation to my mother who I
love and am thankful for has been
fulfilled I wanted to provide a service
for the google searching population of
the world at Google I typed in Y our
space and I'm going to answer the top
most searched-for question for every
single letter of our alphabet right now
starting now Y our agent well first even
positive stereotypes are stereotypes so
you should be ashamed of yourself
actually the theory on this subject I
think that generally asian-american
culture values smartness and I think
that our values as individuals and as
members of broader culture has a huge
effect on what sort of people we end up
becoming now why are Barnes red and
farmers we're treating their would
hundreds of years ago they were doing
with materials that they had at hand and
what are the materials that they had a
hand was rust and rust is a fungicide
and put that in the paint and it would
prevent the wood from rot it also turned
the wood kind of a rusty red brown color
why are Cuban cigars illegal 50 years
ago the communist Cuban government
decided that they owned all of the land
that Americans owned in Cuba and so they
just took America was off
I mean Cuba was like and then America
was like fine they were never gonna buy
anything from you ever again
why our Dinah and Caroline fighting
there I have no idea who those people
are but I'm just gonna venture a guess
that it's because they're not imagining
each other complexly why are enzymes
important because every living thing on
our planet is basically just a series of
chemical reactions and those chemical
reactions are facilitated by that's
right you guessed it enzymes why our
flemyng goes pink because the food that
they eat is pink why our grapes bad for
dogs no one knows why grapes are bad for
dogs but it's important to note that
they are do not give your dogs grapes
and if they eat a bunch of grapes take
them to the vet why are Jews liberal
really
why are Kardashians famous there's the
thing about pain we decide who's famous
I've decided that they aren't so the
kadosh names aren't famous Kardashians
are famous there
from this in fact why are leaves green
because they're packed full of
chlorophyll why our manhole covers round
one
because sewers are round in two so that
the manhole covers can't fall into the
sewer and three to give douchebags an
annoying and meaningless question to ask
in job interviews why are noble gases
unreactive because they're electron
orbitals are filled duh why are Oh
shouldn't salty fresh water falls on
land and then as it runs down rivers it
picks up tiny amounts of salt and then
it gets to the oceans where it
evaporates up and the salt stays behind
fresh water comes up more salt gets
washed into the ocean over eons and eons
salt builds up in the ocean why are
plants green already did that why are
q-tips called Q tips and EQ stands for
quality why are Republicans stupid oh
come on people
why are significant figures important
cuz measurement is entirely useless
without knowledge of the precision at
which you are measuring
why aren't they called carpet baggers
that's weird
bring back the science why are unions
bad who told you unions were bad why are
feigns blue hey art blue and neither is
deoxygenated blood subcutaneous fat in
our skin actually blocks red light from
escaping so you only see the blue light
that's coming off of the veins huh
interesting why are we here Oh Lord
you're asking Google why our yawns
contagious I know it has any idea
actually why are some bees so popular
well dear Googler in my opinion it's
because the myth of the zombie allows us
to do metaphorical battle with things
that we cannot battle in real life such
as disease and decay and violence and
the inevitable evacuation of ourselves
from our bodies John I will see you on
Monday Wednesday Friday
