good morning Hank it's Tuesday signing
update I am just past 135 thousand
signatures okay so ten years ago today
was one of the most important days of my
life Hank a long time ago you introduced
me to the idea that bad news usually
happens all at once whereas good news
usually happens slowly like part of the
reason we don't hear about the
continuing decline in absolute poverty
or childhood mortality or death by
violence's that they aren't events right
their processes that occur over decades
or centuries but from earthquakes to
shootings to car accidents bad news is
usually an event like we all know the
experience of going about our daily
lives and then BOOM out of nowhere
life-changing ly bad news however that
noted sometimes bad news happens slowly
climate change comes to mind and good
news happens all at once like boom out
of nowhere incredibly happy news maybe
you get a surprise a on a test or an
unexpected gift from a friend or maybe
it's something bigger and when I think
about this in my own life there are five
memories of shocked joy that come to
mind the first two are the births of my
children which I suppose is not like
technically surprising because I did
know it was coming but both times the
feeling was a complete surprise this
weird overwhelmingness with a mix of joy
and I guess like all the third was in
2003 Sarah and I had been friends for a
couple years at that point and we were
hanging out one afternoon at her
apartment and she mentioned that she and
her boyfriend had broken up a couple
months earlier and I was like wait what
fourth it's January of 2006 Sarah and I
are living in New York were engaged and
we're walking down the street on our way
to go register for wedding presents and
my parents happened to be in town so
they're with us and my dad happened to
have a camera and you have to remember
this is before everyone has like a
camera inside their phone right so I get
a phone call from a weird number and I
answer it and I learned that my first
novel Looking for Alaska has just won
the Michael L Printz award the biggest
award in young adult books and my dad
takes this picture of us as we're
finding out and lastly it's July of 2007
we've just moved from New York to
Indianapolis for Sara's job and we've
just bought our first house which is
really exciting but also really scary
because suddenly I have a mortgage and a
lawn to maintain and gutters to clean
and there are boxes everywhere and also
I literally had no friends work is going
okay
my second book didn't sell very well but
I am doing this fun year-long project
with my brother called Brotherhood 2.0
where we make videos back and forth to
each other every weekday a few hundred
people watch every day and it's a really
creatively fulfilling project but it
hasn't even occurred to me to keep going
after the end of 2007 and then 10 years
ago today Hank you upload a song about
how excited you are for the publication
of the last Harry Potter book it's
called
Akio Akio Akio gosh gosh pegasi Oh
deathly hallows and it starts like this
I'm getting kind of tired of this
pre-publication medium plaits you got
all of muggle kind under your spell
don't you know the whole was already
gone and research the copy at Amazon how
many more books could you sell when I
first seed that video I just think wow
and I am NOT alone lots of people like
the song it gets picked up on Harry
Potter fan forms which means to our
project being discovered by a group of
passionate people who know how to build
internet communities and a couple days
later the song is featured on the front
page of YouTube and we go from around
200 YouTube subscribers to over 5,000
and suddenly our year-long project
starts to feel like maybe it could last
longer than a year and here we are a
decade later so lucky to still be
talking to each other and to still have
people watching tank without Accio
Deathly Hallows it's hard to know what
our lives would look like but they would
look different we wouldn't have met
Esther or the people who power the
project for awesome you probably
wouldn't have gotten to sing in front of
thousands of people and I highly doubt
that I would be in a position to sign
200,000 copies of my new book so Hank
thank you for making that song and for
giving me one of my favorite memories
and thanks to everyone who watched it
then and also everyone who watches us
now Hank I'll see you on Friday
