good morning Johnny and George's zombie
list very much though it was woefully
lacking in World War Z which is the only
piece of media that's giving me
nightmares since Akira I don't know if
you know this but dad took me to see
Akira when I was 10 in a dinner theater
and I will never forgive him there's a
song that plays during a particularly
creepy part of the movie I'm playing it
for you right now though I'm not
listening to it because if I was
listening to it I would look like this
in my opinion that song is the creepiest
piece of media that has ever been
created here's what I just did i just
took a copyrighted work and then i
commented on it and that is what we call
fair use because you can't just steal
copyrighted stuff and did like monetize
it me like it's mild you can comment on
a copyrighted work and then that comment
can include pieces of the copyrighted
work making that illegal would be a
violation of free speech but fair use is
still a little bit fuzzy under the lod
so the people who created a cure could
come in and challenge me on that why do
you think that American copyright law
needs to be better love copyright law we
need copyright law John I don't want
people to steal your books but I also do
not want Congress stick in it smarmy
dirty little fingers into my internet
I'm sorry Congress I I know you guys get
a bad rap but don't mess with my
internet or I will come at you so John I
have a top-five list for you today it's
my top 5 reasons why we should not let
Congress regulate the internet 1 I don't
want to go to jail also I don't want 95%
of people under 30 to be in jail I just
I think it would be really bad for the
American economy if we were all in jail
number 2 one of the current pieces of
legislation is called the preventing
real online threats to economic
creativity and theft of intellectual
property Act and I feel like I should be
doing this like a politician I don't
know why they think that this is the
hand motion they should always be and
the name of that act makes me want to
co-sponsor a bill called anti contrived
representations of name yielding
mnemonics and seriously shut up Congress
act 3 anti-piracy legislation stifles
creativity and it stifles economic
growth machinima is a great example of a
very large company doing very well in
this economy basically does things that
are illegal but no one cares that
they're illegal cuz they're actually
good for the copyright holder if
copyright holders are happy about
copyright infringement
right legislation is clearly not to lack
or we cannot blame a site for content
that its users upload think about tumblr
which is made wonderful by all of the
gifts of Abed saying whatever Abed said
last night on community the protect IP
Act would make tumblr responsible for
keeping all of those off the site and if
it was found that they weren't doing
everything they could to keep those
gifts off the site they could be turned
off like a flip of the switch
no more tumblr and finally number five
we really should not be putting the
power into the hands of corporations
here under the protect IP act a
corporation could flag a vlog brothers
video for being in violation of its
copyright the video would then be taken
down without any review by a person to
figure out whether or not it has
copyright infringement we the little
content creators that we are could then
do nothing to get it back online because
apparently the Motion Picture
Association of America is now a law
enforcement body the massive explosion
of good creative content and art and
ideas that has come out of the Internet
is just it's a good thing and we should
not be throwing a wrench into this
process and yes technology is forcing
this change we are being forced to chain
but we are going to have to change
trying to lock it down by screwing up
the only really good economic engine
that we have right now isn't just yeah
everyone check down the description
below where I've written some stuff
about how you can help keep the internet
free John I will see you on I don't know
what day what day is it today is it God
now I'll see you on Monday
we are having a blizzard
