this was the last one D F T V hey yes
quick pause for puppy-sized elephant
yeah yeah yeah yeah did I sign all the
books for a mine is this heaven
it wouldn't be a globe in heaven hey I'm
in some kind of fancy video studio so I
missed the studio where we will be
filming the Indianapolis episodes of our
new channel crash course I'm trying to
be a standee blogger but I'm just like
on some level not a standee blogger so
I'm gonna sit preferably in like a
really hideous shape perfect so hey
because you know for a long time we've
dreamt of making an educational channel
on YouTube I just want to spin you like
a channel that would be both genuinely
informational and also genuinely
entertaining and now we finally have the
opportunity to do so we get to be
teachers so for 40 weeks beginning in
late January 2012 I'm going to teach
world history and you are going to teach
biology which I'm really excited about
because I don't know anything about
biology and you're gonna make me more
smart and I appreciate smart smarter god
I am going to explain you in just 40
videos even you tuvalu obviously I think
it's gonna be like a very broad
introduction and then after we're done
we're going to start teaching other
courses literature chemistry physics
whatever you want us to do nerd vide
area we are so incredibly excited about
this tank off topic but I feel kind of
like Tobuscus right now like make me
lighter make me lighter make me
handsomer there audience why does Hank
always sound like me when he does Hank
games I'm so bad at impression that
sounds nothing like Tobi god I love Tobi
so much he's here isn't it but hey crash
course is only half the awesome news
because in early January you're
launching a channel called scishow which
is going to be a show all about science
like science news but also answering the
age-old questions of science like why is
the sky blue the questions that Henry
asked me actually he hasn't asked me
those questions yet his major questions
are where did mommy go and more cupcake
question mark so they're links to
subscribe to crash course and scishow in
the dubidouxs and also here in
please go there and subscribe we're so
excited about this I've said that seven
times but it's so true I know there are
giant squids of anger and comments right
now like vlogbrothers videos are
changing and that means nerdfighteria is
gonna die but no blood brothers videos
aren't changing same Monday Wednesday
Friday schedule same you know crappy
shooting in our basement nothing is
changing nerdfighteria has been my home
town for a long time Hank and I am not
moving we're just trying to bring more
nerdy awesome stuff into the world with
you dftba Hank I will see you on
Wednesday
