good morning John as you can see I still
have this annoying clingy face for
attached to my body and people are
starting to tell me that I look like
Wesley The Princess Bride and I'm
starting to feel like that's not so bad
feel like I look like a cat though
that's that fuzzy faces and approached
me constantly poked me I don't even know
how I handle the hair on my head anymore
but due to an overwhelming influx of
comments about how much people like my
goatee and how much they don't want me
to shave it I've kept it for now if
you're wondering how I got this
excellent sort of shape to it it's
because hair does not grow here it's
just me being a little boy John this is
gonna sound like a weird topic change
but have you ever heard of physiognomies
I learned about physiognomies while
searching on the website of Kim McGuire
who played hatchet face and crybaby who
I'm kind of obsessed with also in that
Wikipedia page I found out the John
Waters cast the part of hatchet face
with one line and bunted girl with a
good body and an alarming face who was
proud of it anyway physiognomies is the
assessment of a person's character by
looking at their face or body
this is on its face that was intention
it wasn't it yes yeah it was intentional
but I wasn't going to call attention to
it anyway that is on its face wrong we
shouldn't judge people by what they look
like we all know that except in some
cases you kind of can for example
aggressive men tend to have wider faces
because they have more testosterone in
their system when they were growing game
in our three husband are likely to have
counterclockwise hair whirls and that's
just weird I checked I had Catherine
check my non clockwise so now we know
for sure and a composite of thousands of
religious women were put together 73% of
people identified that image as a
composite of a religious person but
these are all this little tips they're
not something we actually take into
account right well whether or not we
should judge a book by its cover we do
man wood faces that more closely
resemble children are less likely to be
convicted in a court of law than men who
look more masculine and yet maybe face
men are more likely to be convicted of
negligence psychologists have studied
this and they've determined that within
1/10 of a second of seeing a person for
the first time we have already made a
series of judgments not just about how
attractive they are but how trustworthy
they are how assertive they are how
funny they're going to be you're built
to make these snap judgments about each
other because at some point in our
history it was necessary for our
survival to do so and now we build even
more sick
to the way we style our hair the shoes
that we wear the socks the clothes
tattoos and piercing all a way to give
cultural cues about what kind of person
we are all of this brings me back to the
coat does this thing change who I am
does it change the way people see me and
if people see me differently do I see
myself differently
do I act differently because that's the
way that they see me not so far I think
do I seem different I don't know if I
had stuck with contacts in high school
and looked like this all the time would
I have been a different person is this
guy not me when it comes down to is this
is too big of a decision for me to make
a loan and it's also too good of an
opportunity to raise money for the
foundation to decrease worldsuck we need
to increase the coffers now in
preparation for the project for awesome
so if you have an opinion on whether or
not I should keep this face fuzz intact
or not go to Fite worldsuck dot org
right and you can vote but not with your
clicks with your dollars and I will tell
you that PayPal takes like 33 cents no
matter what so if you donate a dollar 33
cents is that going to PayPal if you
donate five 33 cents that's going to
PayPal so percentage-wise you should
probably avoid just doing a dollar and
if you do less than 33 cents they take
all of it
so that's great so put your money in the
shaded pile or put your money in the
keep it pile and based on that on my
next video I will let you know whether
or not I'm going to do the Neanderthal
November thing John one final note
congratulations on signing a hundred and
fifty thousand copies of The Fault in
Our Stars are done go on vacation except
don't cuz we need you to make videos to
make us laugh I'll see you on Monday
