good morning John you've recently
reached a number of milestones here on
the Vagos channel we uploaded our 1,500
vlogbrothers video we got our three
million subscriber and we're about to
upload our 100th episode of dear Hank
and John as soon as you get back from
vacation no rush I think this is thus a
good moment to take a look bad and I'm
going to do that with the help the
Wayback Machine this is a product from
the Internet Archive you can look up any
website you want to like go to
youtube.com and see what it looked like
back in the past
oh god it's beautiful I'll load it up
wait wait I'm a male seeking everyone
between 8:00 if you keep a dating site
it feels like information I should have
had in my eyes it's beautiful but it's
not what we're here to look at today
you're gonna take a look at what
youtube.com slash vlogbrothers has
looked like starting with today and
moving backwards in time YouTube has
looked pretty much the same for the last
like three years I don't super loved it
I didn't have to go pretty far back
before we see a significant change in
YouTube's design an hour on 2014 same
thing let's check out 2013 aha this is
new I remember this this was the design
for quite a long time and I think I
remember being called by YouTube cosmic
Panda when it was first launching that's
like code name cosmic Panda the new
designers come and look at this
customization you could do you like all
of this is image map but if we continue
to go back back back in time we see that
we've broken the oh yeah I got a new one
oh yeah I remember that I like this
design around it you know you knew
exactly how it was going to display but
it's sad that we can't have as much fun
as we once had let's pop it in 2010 year
back when we had first launched VidCon
oh yeah this isthis is I like this I
also yeah I remember doing I don't know
what's happening all here with the
blankness but I've got three hundred
forty-four thousand subscribers we are
number 82 most subscribed all-time with
that number different now we'll push in
the truth or fail it never worked it was
such a good show that worked so hard on
through there fail oh it was just never
it was destined to fail how maybe with
the new end screams it could work I
don't don't don't do it
alright let's go to 2009 alright yeah
this one this one the shark eye Jones
day look at this gorgeous doesn't this
look better than what it looks like now
one of the short sisters Monica now
works
VidCon she's running pod con right now
August 2009 we have 98 thousand
subscribers so we're about to hit a
hundred thousand and look how nice all
this look I don't know how we ended up
with just John's face as our channel
icon all right we're gonna pop all the
way to 2008 now and probably lose this
this cooler design and end up with yeah
this Oh God
edit undo and then on the sidebar here
you got like comments on the channel I
think we have one channel design left
before we're out then here it is is the
first capture archive.org ever made of
vlogbrothers we had nine thousand seven
hundred subscribers latest youtube drama
subscribed a household hacker YouTube
watchdog has 20 videos removed II to TOS
violation Renato's that the YouTube
community is on its last breath because
of telemarketers there's been YouTube
drama since there has been YouTube misc
a chief says so since you have cracked
most subscribed guess you can just stop
making videos back in 2007 we thought
about it in December of 2007 absolutely
we said we're going to do it for a year
we've been doing it for a year we had
eleven thousand subscribers that was
super big back then it's not super big
now but yeah we decided to keep doing a
turned out okay our final archive.org
archive is from december 1st 2007 so
basically there's no record of our
youtube channel for the first 11 months
that we did it John if you remember in
the early days YouTube was not where we
like had our main community we had it at
brotherhood to calm if we go back to
2007 I think that we're gonna get oh
yeah we are oh yeah we are check it out
discussion questions how should Hank
take nerdfighters to the next level how
comes horseradish looks like Mayo and
tastes like poison we don't do
discussion questions anymore that's fun
how about this one what was the first
book you ever loved that's a good one
John thanks for doing stuff with me
every recording for 36 minutes so
there's probably a much longer version
of this video over on Hanks channel John
I'll see you on Tuesday
