good morning Hank it's Wednesday I must
defy the wodsworth constant the
wodsworth constant holds it the first
30% of a YouTube video is always
skippable most pumpkins are sold by the
pound so pro tip bring a screwdriver and
a straw to the pumpkin farm stick the
screwdriver in there pop in your straw
suck out some pumpkin juice and bam
cheaper pumpkin don't tell me pumpkin
juice doesn't exist muggles if you want
to seem like you've read James Joyce's
Ulysses without actually reading it just
memorize these three quotations history
Stephen said is a nightmare from which I
am trying to awake love loves to love
love and finally arguably the first
eight words of post-modernism Oh James
II let me up out of this
pro tip insert arguably into ascendance
and it becomes true how do you like them
apples wodsworth how's that for an
entertaining and informative first 30
percent right sowing two important
things have happened first I have now
signed my name more than 100,000 times
in my mission to sign every copy of the
first printing of The Fault in Our Stars
some people think that I'm cheating or
using a stamp word that the books won't
actually be signed but you're about to
see me sign some I am NOT a cheat to peg
hey hey do you know will Reina Segura
nerd Factor winner for her amazing song
permafrost web she has an EP that is out
on iTunes through dftba records by
popular demand look how popular the
demand was it includes not only
permafrost but a song in French and this
song fireflies of Montreal
night clouds now start with the rise
like a from an old street right attracts
more to climb night
satellite that has saw the head in the
cage sky if placed up or glued as dead
so then what Gautama
but I've heard from encounters with the
past creatures gentle glowing never lies
won't someone tell me after all what
happened to the fireflies on Montreal
darkness and the alleyways at least was
son
and the sixties fool away left a few now
there are none but I've heard from
encounters with the past gentle
creatures glowing never last won't
someone tell me after all happen to
fireflies of Montreal
won't someone tell me after all what
happened to the fireflies of Montreal
hey gotta wanna hurt your feelings or
anything but Lorena is fast replacing
you as my third favorite band iTunes
link in the doobly-doo head you're still
my favorite video blogger if that makes
you feel better your video on Wednesday
was brilliant I can't wait to see it was
on Monday god so bad at days alright I'm
gonna go back to signing but I will see
you on Friday I was too much of a dick
ulation that was like maybe I'll just
leave that in
