good morning Hank it's Friday I'm gonna
do Alex's YouTube survey today but
quickly four things first hauls balls
balls balls balls balls balls balls
balls you said balls a lot in your last
video second team six for life third are
secret sister Maureen Johnson aka actual
John Green had her best book ever at the
name of the star come out yesterday I am
very excited about this book because
everybody is gonna love it for tech did
you know that nerdfighters have blown
more than 55 thousand dollars to
entrepreneurs in the developing world
through keep up French the llama fifty
five thousand dollars Hank I'm once
again reminded that nerdfighters are
made of Awesome so every year Alex today
does a survey well this is the first
year but it's you know gonna be every
year I lost about your first case I
assume you mean french-kiss in that case
it was at summer camp summer camp was
kind of like the internet before the
internet was the internet like it's
summer camp you were cooler and better
looking than you were I are L thank you
might've heard this story before but I
had a girlfriend her name was Tiffany
and we had a candlelight ceremony on the
last night of camp hey looking back I'm
not even sure I would technically call
it kissing was kind of like facial
licking but anyway we had this
candlelight ceremony and we both knew
that we wanted to French we discussed it
previously everybody's crying cuz Cannes
about the end you got to go back to your
IRL life where you aren't nearly as cool
and I walk up to Tiffany and I wrap my
arms around her and I start you know
just licking her face and eventually I
start to smell the fact that my hair is
on fire because I got my arm sofa rep
reminder the candle was like lighting my
hair and it's burning and yeah my second
kiss came three years later most
expensive casual item of clothing ever
Bowl definitely this suit which I had to
buy so I wouldn't look like a dumbass
standing next to my wife at the venice
biennale
of course an example say that this suit
isn't casual in which case my most
expensive article of casual clothing is
probably my team six for wife t-shirt
what was the first job you ever wanted
as a kid I don't know if you remember
this angle when we were little I really
wanted to be an earth worm scientist
like a professional studier of
earthworms I guess because it mixed my
two talents of animal husbandry and
science tell us about Joe grupos
girlfriend I was a nerd but then for my
last three years of high school I went
to a really nerdy boarding school and
there I wasn't really a nerd I was kind
of like a troublemaker I'm so
embarrassed
to have this secret non nerdy path what
would you name your kids how do you know
you're too old for YouTube you've
already named a kid I really wanted to
name henry gatsby but say i was like we
can't name our child gatsby she was like
he's a tragic character you don't want a
child to end up like gatsby but i was
like no no no Gatsby turned out alright
in the end it was what preyed on Gatsby
what fouled us trailed in the wake of
his dreams I actually wanted to put that
quote over his crib who do you want to
answer the survey next everybody can
leave survey responses here or at Nair
mom's video but I really want my brother
to answer this survey my brother Hank
green whom I will see on Monday my chair
so spinning its spinny spinny chair a
promise nerd fight area I wouldn't sing
anymore I'm sorry
