hey you just got said hello to by Josh
Lewis Holly black Cassie Claire and the
great Maureen Johnson as you can tell
from the great speckled walls behind me
I am currently in an airport actually
you're probably watching this in the
future in which case I'm hopefully not
currently in an airport unless you're
one of these people in which case you're
watching me in the present and I am
currently in an airport so I've been in
New York for the last couple days
meeting with my publisher Julie Strauss
Gable and my agent Jody reamer to talk
about The Fault in Our Stars and all the
wonderful things that are happening none
of which I can tell you about do you
know what I do by the way when I'm in
airports and my flight is delayed and I
have an hour to kill I signed the Fault
in Our Stars I brought two thousand
sheets to sign today uh it's a green pen
day in case you're wondering I get
excited about like what the color day is
I wake up and one of the first thoughts
I have is is it a purple day I hope it's
a purple day but it's not it's always a
green day well that would be a good name
for a band Green Day so Hank because I
spend about six hours a day signing my
name over and over again I've been
thinking a lot about my signature and
its many insufficiencies I mean there's
the obvious problem of the complete
allege ability of my signature but
another disappointment about it is that
it's totally inconsistent like sometimes
it looks relatively good like this one
and then sometimes there are ones like
this one that are just you know
tragically in a revocable flawed and the
weirdest part that when I try to explain
to Sarah about these tragic and
irrevocable flaws and some of my
signatures she thinks that I'm crazy she
says that's the exact same signature as
any other signature but let me tell you
when you spend six hours a day looking
at your signature over and over and over
again in 57,000 iterations you start to
notice the little things you know like
the amount of volume in the j scribble
and whether the hoover lee who lines up
with the one dirty wood in the j which
is not even to mention the variable
length of the google you go over here at
the end of my signature also this who
city what up here sometimes I don't even
write that because my hand goes off the
paper it's a disaster Hank I just had
one of those the people at the airport
think that I'm crazy moments and it
occurred to me that you probably also
think that I'm crazy I hope that I'm not
suffering from signing madness that's a
disease you know I made it up but it's a
disease hey let's go see if there's
anything interesting in the airport look
at all the free iPads that's interesting
pizza is interesting a monument to dead
is kinda interesting right so funny
story by the way John from the future
here I'm in a different airport but
anyway right after I said that thing
about how it's sort of interesting to
see a monument to a dead sheep a police
officer walked up to me and he said what
are you doing and I said I'm filming a
monument to a deceased sheep and he said
why are you doing that and I said it's a
really really long story and then he
just looked at me for a while and
finally I said is it illegal and he said
I don't know and so I was like well as
long as we're in this legal gray area
can I keep doing it and he said you
probably shouldn't so thus ends the vlog
I have to go get on a different airplane
because the previous airplane wasn't fun
enough but Hank I will see you on Friday
unless it is Friday in which case I will
see you on Monday sorry I don't have my
calendar with me hi it's John from the
future future I made it back home so
that's good quick PS in the great
tradition of older brothers I have taken
a cool toy that my little brother
enjoyed playing with and stolen it I'm
referring of course to the YouTube
channel Hank games I've started a series
of videos in which I play fifa while
telling you stories of my life so for
instance if you click on my face right
now you will be taken to a video where I
am playing as the Swindon Town swooty
poopers while simultaneously telling you
about how I met and courted the Yeti so
you can check that out there and if you
liked subscribe and thank hey look it's
my calendar I missed your calendar
