good morning John couple hours after I
went to bed two nights ago my house
started to shake upon turns out it's
because the earth under my house was
shaking a bunch to be clear this was not
a serious earthquake I think the biggest
casualty was this pasta song but to be
additionally clear it did not prevent
Kathryn and I from totally freaking out
and running into the baby's room as fast
as we could to stand there and watch him
sleep as if nothing had happened at all
and not do anything because it was over
by the time we got there it was a 5.8 on
the Richter scale and if you've been in
a 5.8 before you know that it's sort of
like stand-in on a train that's moving
which is not nothing like it's not what
you expect the earth to do the Richter
scale tells you pretty much what you
want to know which is how much the earth
is moving maybe it doesn't actually tell
us what we want to know in 2010 if you
remember there was a magnitude 7
earthquake in Haiti this is a much much
bigger earthquake much more destructive
hundreds of thousands of people died
that year there were 20 other
earthquakes that were stronger than that
earthquake and hate and the combined
death toll of all 20 of those more
powerful earthquakes was less than a
thousand people the earthquake in Haiti
was so destructive for two reasons one
it was centered very near several
different large population centers and
second because Haiti is such a poor
country the buildings weren't well
constructed and many of them collapsed
so that number 7.0 it tells you
something real information but it
doesn't tell you everything and this is
related to a thing that I've been
thinking about lately because it's that
time of year when people are getting
their advanced-placement test scores
back and I get lots of tweets from
people telling me that crash course
helped them do well on one or the other
of those tests which is great thank you
I give you most of the credit but I'm
glad crash course helped but I also just
think this is a good time to say out
loud but you're not your numbers we're
trying to sort of understand our own
value and our Worth and our impact we
look to numbers because they're easy to
understand right I think that we often
draw our confidence from them and when
we see a bad one we lose some of that
confidence and I think that we look to
the things that we quantify whether
that's our AP test scores or our net
worth or our BMI or our like how much we
can benchpress I think we look to those
things because they're easy to measure
not because they're actually good
surrogates for our value or how
confident we should be
how much we should like ourselves there
are many things that are more important
that are just much harder to measure
with numbers like how good you are at
communicating how driven you are how
much you care how thoughtful you are
whether or not you are willing to take
on or even really want to take on things
that are difficult for you we don't even
track the test for that stuff we just
hope that the things we do test for are
kind of like include all that stuff
inside of them somehow John you made a
video this week that had you know not a
very interesting thumbnail that didn't
have your face in it and the title was
civil twilight which is not likely and
of course that video got way fewer views
than the average log for this video but
if you just measure that by the number
of views you miss the fact that like the
people who watch that video got a very
different experience like I watched that
and it made me think so much more than
the average video i watch and it made me
proud to be your brother so easy to look
to numbers to define other people and to
define ourselves as this we're
earthquake man and I know people have
heard this before and set it in a bunch
of different ways in places but when we
define ourselves that way it is bad if
humans are 7 billion earthquakes on the
planet I want to think less about how
big my shake is more about what my shake
does and who I shake it with and John
I'm happy to be shaking it with you I'll
see you on Tuesday
