good morning John it's September 9 2011
and you know what that means it means
that we are in the middle of being
bombarded by news stories about what the
world is like 10 years after September
11th 2001 and I didn't want to make my
whole video about that today but it's
kind of hard not to make at least some
of my video about 10 years after
September clothes so we're gonna start
out with that part 1 what is the world
like 10 years after September 11 I am 10
years older and I can't believe that
there are people watching this video
right now who are not alive when that
happened oh my god
second thing about the world after
September 11th no one is ever going to
win a war on terror war on terror is a
policy it is not a war you cannot win a
war against a noun
you win wars against armies and
governments and other countries you do
not win them against drugs or violence
or terror
every time someone on any news show says
this is what we need to do to win the
war on terror you know what I want I
want to vomit onto their face something
I've learned since September 11th terror
not nearly as scary as it sounds and
that's probably why they call it terror
in the last 40 years in the entire world
this includes September 11th and all
other terrorist attacks more people have
been killed by lightning strikes than by
terrorists I am thousands of times more
likely to be killed by a drunk driver
than by terror so when I said no one is
ever going to win a war on terror I
don't mean that you'll never be safe
from terror I mean you're always going
to be safe from terror because you
always work moving on I have a poster
and you don't sorry about that
you can't have that one it's mine but
we're getting them back in stock
hopefully by Monday you can go to dftba
calm and back order them and they'll
ship as soon as we have them in the
office part 3 I have a friend who works
for Blizzard
and he got me a Diablo 3 beta key so I'm
gonna start playing Diablo 3 starting
now on my gaming channel here is a small
snippet so I've got a barbarian here his
name is Kenneth and there's Mary I
shouldn't mention that this game is a
bloody and violent and scary musty
cellar that sounds like a plays I have
to go
superior chest armor and I got magic
gloves and I got inferior pants stop eat
it stump stumps have gold shoes oh
that's exciting I love shoes part four
another amazing thing that's happening
to me right now
say Frank's new website star dot me has
a mission of the day and today your
mission is to create musing sounds that
I made with my mouth you go and there's
a little good thing and you just click
on it and it makes noises and all the
noises are noises that I made with my
mouth steps steps steps five I think
we're on part five another thing that
happened on September 11 2001 that there
may be Giants released their album mink
car and recently somebody got in touch
with me and told me that they were
putting together a tribute album that
was just one dirty musicians covering
all of mink car and I covered banks from
mink carts the first track on the album
huh that makes me nervous many of my
favorite note musicians are on the album
Tom Milsom Molly Lewis MC Frontalot
Driftless Pony Club Michael and Bardot
me and you can get a physical CD now at
make car cover kamar you can get it on
itunes or Bandcamp as well all proceeds
go to the FDNY foundation and lastly
thing number seven or eight or four I
have no idea are so many great
nerdfighters on tumblr and I tumblr is
kind of amazing to me because it's just
this place that encourages creation and
a really new and interesting and fun and
fascinating way and also follow fer
nerdfighters on tumblr because they find
the best things in nerdfighteria the
ever amazing work of shark I Jones
including this laser eyed pizza John
fights Pizza monster I don't know it's
cool I don't know why and it constantly
reminds me that any time anyone does
anything with the letters dftba no
matter how impermanent there's a chance
that another nerdfighter will see it and
it will make their day there sure is a
lot going on I'm going to go to the
Internet and enjoy it I hope that you
all do too John I'll see you on Monday
