corndog lip-balm delicious it's all the
fun of corndogs with none of the
calories ha ha you know on second
thought you don't really want your lip
balm to smell like corn dogs kind of a
niche market product just for Hank Wow
that was uncomfortable let's try that
again
now that's good in other news we do have
a punishment for Hank cuz I did VidCon
ie didn't make a video we probably make
a video every Monday Wednesday and
Friday into perpetuity you failed to
make a video but DaVinci boo-boo-boo
punishment magic gym is your burger boo
I talked to I spend all day talking to
an 18 month old child so you should be
grateful when I ever speak to you in
English by the way you're blocking the
view of the wink but appreciate that
they could always see the link I'll be
over here
hahaha it's seventy five hundred sheets
which is five percent no oh it's like
half a percent oh it is like a
participant but it's not you have a half
a percent chance of getting a Hank or no
it is five percent no it's not a hey
Corphish I just made that up
that is the best anglerfish where's my
calculator I don't know 75 hundred 150
thousand divided by 7500 is 5% right no
it's 20 percent according bangs
calculator we're so good at math that's
five percent twenty is five percent it
would do that in a shorter take in case
you can't use all of that yes someone
said to me like the surgery is no big
deal after you get it you'll feel like
you did a thousand crunches and I was
like well I have no idea how do you heal
but it sounds horrible the thing is uh
will you look like you did a thousand
crunches No
but live you're worth it they remove
your gallbladder and install an
eight-pack not even possible
I don't know is that no I don't think so
you just get the six and the last reason
we came to Montana is that you're my
brother and I I like you okay what is
this a bag oh man
Oh scary I can barely even look you in
the eyes far more comfortable just this
way
and now we're back to just this way a
belated good morning Hank as you can
tell from the great speckled walls
behind me I'm in an airport on my way
home their fighters are FBI takes video
but one last thing before I get on the
plane we're a big fan of Michael what
the buck Buckley so much so that we are
stealing his buck Factor idea so
nerdfighters if you've been an awesome
video recently that you feel like
deserves a wider audience make it a
video response below and we will go and
watch all of them and feature a few in a
future vlog brothers video Hank thanks
for hosting us in Missoula don't forget
to be awesome I will see you on Monday
