good morning Hank it's Monday using the
magical power of green screens I have
transported myself to your home office
in Missoula Montana to show you
something that has been annoying the
crap out of me let's go to the tape
you're making a nice video bug it's
funny everybody's living there they're
enhance their that thing oh so annoying
Hank it's GLaDOS she has to go she's
annoying me if only this weren't a green
screen oh wait it's not goodbye glass oh
oh the Illustrated guide to free hugs
just broke everything is fine nothing is
broken look a tank oh wow unnecessary
slide you dare you didn't change the
poster oh sorry I can fix that hey I'm
doing this is I mean exercise it's a bit
obnoxious is that too forward I don't
know what happens if you go to that link
so I do all the way to Montana so I
could be in a hank games video Hank and
John played FIFA 11
poorly very bad man oh when you get to
the penalty kicks that's the second
episode yeah stay tuned for tomorrow
when you will see us miss 19 consecutive
penalties but we played perhaps the
worst match that Liverpool and Arsenal
have ever played yes a hold on a sec a
heck you can watch it right there
youtube.com slash Ankush you should make
that a clickable link there is also a
link in the doobly-doo and also in the
future I'm going to be making more Hank
games videos with Hank which I'm really
excited about because I'm really bad at
video games but I'm really passionate
about them that's the same way I felt
about skateboarding when I was 10
another thing I have a punishment um and
I can't do the sandwich punishment
because do you want to show them your
scars not really okay you just have to
trust me that I was lately removed from
my gallbladder really your gallbladder
got the worst part of that deal that's
true I wrote a haiku for the occasion
actually would you like to hear it
please
stupid gallbladder not performing
properly I will kill you now yeah so my
gallbladder was taken out which means I
can't really do the sandwich punishment
so if you could suggest a different
judgement for me I would appreciate it
and Hank will pick one in other news we
do have a punishment for Hank so in
addition to bring myself in my family to
Montana
I also brought one box full of sheets
from The Fault in Our Stars is 7400
sheets and that is 5% of the total and
I'm going to Hank ler fish all of them
good fish I'm going to hang on fish them
I'm going to ride an angler fish on each
one of those piece of papers means
you'll have a 5% chance of getting a
hank ler fished Fault in Our Stars
it's about it hey I made up a word and I
verb dish verb verb so a hank or fish is
a is an angler fish drawn by 1/2 uh-huh
there are other Hanks that can make
hangar fish so like if Hank Williams the
third were to draw me an angler fish
that would be a heck of a also be an
angler fish but it would probably be
better than mine too so I had to bring
all these copies of The Fault in Our
Stars because I can't take a week off
from signing right he has to sign them
anyways he has to be had to bring them
to sign yeah just in case you don't know
by the way everybody who pre-orders The
Fault in Our Stars will get a signed
hold on a second all 300 copies will be
signed and 5% will be Hank lore fish all
right we've got to go to breakfast
nerdfighters don't forget to be awesome
best wishes don't talk about my shirt
off with Forks in you what's that from
it's really old logarithm vide I mean I
I taught anything magic on made this we
have so many inside jokes that I don't
even get it spin alone it's been a long
don't talk to me about my teacher or I
will put Forks in you that's a great
t-shirt actually I am we should make
that should be a thing well I have like
me having the only one all right ah
goodbye goodbye Hank I'll see you when I
turn off the camera okay
