good morning Hank it's Friday it's also
117 thousand degrees outside Celsius and
like a boss I decided to go for a walk
do you know what the most common
irrigated crop in the United States is
turf grass you know there's three times
more irrigated turf grass you know I
can't do this I do hot it is hotter than
Kim Jong ill would be if he died and
went to hell uh uh yet more evidence
Hank that outside is overrated right so
there's three times more irrigated turf
grass in the United States and there is
corn but more importantly almost all of
the water that we irrigate turf grass
with is potable about 30 percent of the
overall drinking water supply and
America goes to feed grass hey it seems
to me that the American front lawn is
the best possible example of how what is
called status quo bias can lead to like
complete insanity I mean obviously front
lawns are a terrible idea
I mean Hank what do all of these front
lawns have in common no one is using
them they're just sitting there sucking
four billion gallons of drinking water
every frakking day also in order to
maintain this completely unnatural plant
monoculture we use 70 million pounds of
pesticides every year on our grass grass
which I will remind you does not feed us
I'm sorry I but it is very hot and just
like characters in Victorian novels the
temperature reflects my temperament 70
million pounds of pesticides a year it's
ridiculous and the most ridiculous part
is that I'm out there with them trying
to make sure that my grass looks okay so
my neighbors don't get mad at me I think
there are some advantages to lawns grass
turns carbon dioxide into oxygen
although it's hardly the most efficient
carbon sink and there's some soil
erosion benefits although we'd all be
better off if we had like a big mix of
plants in our front yard and we'd be
better off still if we had vegetable
gardens so how did we end up with the
disaster that is the front lawn the
British that's right Hank
we threw off their colonial yoke and
said no to taxation without
representation but they got us on the
lawn so on is a British invention but
the idea isn't as crazy in Britain
because as you know it rains all the
freakin time so they don't have to pump
four billion gallons of drinking water
every day into their lawns on the
downside they never get to see the Sun
also James Murdoch so Hank we're all
biased toward the status quo not to beat
a dead horse but that's the only reason
we still have pennies like if someone
tried to introduce a coin that was worth
a thousandth of a dollar today people
would be like
that's insane well it's equally insane
to have a coin that's worth a hundredth
of a dollar but since it already exists
we're all ok with it so Hank if you can
close your eyes and imagine a world in
which there's a huge vegetable garden in
the front of every home in suburban
America and there's a multi-billion
dollar industry of people taking care of
these vegetable gardens and watering
them and helping you to harvest the
crops your food costs go down you have
more vegetables in your diet we use less
oil and gas to transport food but then
one day you decide to rip up your
vegetable garden and become the first
person in your neighborhood to lay down
turf grass your neighbors are gonna come
over and be like hey what's the new
thing and you'll be like that's turf
grass and they'll be like great
what do you cook it with and you know
you don't eat it in short Hank your
neighbors are gonna think you're crazy
partly because they have status quo bias
toward this world in which all front
yards are composed of vegetable gardens
and partly because they're right but
Hank the weirdest thing about status quo
bias is that it doesn't actually
preserve the status quo over the last 40
years American lawns have gotten bigger
and bigger and bigger and bigger we're
trying to preserve the status quo and we
have an idea in our head that's fueled
by advertising that long should be
massive I know this Hank because it
happened to me when we moved Andy
necklace I was like Sarah we got to get
a huge yard I want a riding lawnmower
and she was like you are not going to
enjoy mowing the lawn and I was like I'm
gonna love mowing the lawn yeah so long
story short the heat index is 114
degrees and I have to go mow the lawn
Hank I'll see you on Monday
