good morning John chaila bites are super
weird and I want you to know more about
them it's easy to forget that the moment
we live in is just this one snapshot of
this huge history of life on Earth and
yeah we have to and should and do study
now but also there's a lot to learn if
we look at the past and it can just be
fascinating as well which is why we've
teamed up with PBS Digital Studios to
make a new show
it's called Aeons and it's about the
entire history of life on Earth
so most biology as what's happening
right now eons is everything else all of
the life that has happened so far until
now turns out there's lots of good stuff
to cover here our first episode is about
trilobite of course the emergence of
trilobite happened around 500 million
years ago it was part of what's called
the Cambrian explosion where life on
Earth got way more complex they were the
first true arthropods arthropods now
take up three-quarters of the world's
species so basically good Anya trilobite
arthropods basically are the segmented
exoskeleton covered things that you see
all around you right now spiders
butterflies millipedes crabs like those
things too even though horseshoe crabs
share some family resemblance with
trilobite and some horseshoe crab
species did coexist with trilobite s'
they are old horseshoe crabs the last
species of trilobite went extinct around
250 million years ago but even though
they did not last forever they were
extremely successful they existed for
270 million years rhyme mates for
comparison have existed for around 50
million years so we have a lot of
catching up to do we found trilobite
fossils on every continent and described
over 15,000 species one of the weird
reasons why travela bites are so well
studied and why we find so many of them
is that most trilobite fossils aren't
actually trilobite it's nice being an
organism whose skin grows with them but
that is not the case for arthropods but
arthropod wants to grow it has to shed
its exoskeleton and then move out of
that old house that was too small for it
and when it does that it leaves behind
that shed exoskeleton which then can
fossil eyes and that happened a lot
obviously with trilobite so the majority
of trilobite fossils aren't the organism
that died there the shed exoskeleton
which of course we can still use to date
the trilobite and to figure out what
kind it was and learn more about the
species there are
two reasons trilobite were probably so
successful there was strong exoskeletons
they're jointed legs but they also this
pretty big deal had the first complex
eyes and trilobite eyes are freakin
awesome some of them have thousands of
individual lenses and the lenses are
made of calcite they're a crystal the
trilobite grew crystals in its eyes our
eye lenses they can flex and change size
so if I look at something close-up I
focus on it I look at something far away
I focus on that then the lenses in my
eyes are actually changing shape if your
lens is made of rock that's hard to do
we also end up with a problem that
astronomers had in the 17th century
which is that you get weird distortions
unless you use very specific lens shape
in the 1600s two astronomers came up
with two different lens shapes that
helped to fix this problem here's the
one that Christian Huygens came up with
and here's the one that Rene Descartes
came up with yes that Rene Descartes he
did a lot of stuff in here are the
islands shapes for the travel abite pros
an abscess and the trilobite dominant
tonight this is so dang cool right these
lens shapes allowed for objects to be in
focus when they were pretty close up or
pretty far away and also got rid of some
of that lens distortion it took humans
300 million years to catch up with
trilobite evolution I just love it and
if you want to learn more about travela
bites our first episode is up
youtube.com slash Ian's where me Blake
and Callie will be taking you through
the entire history of life on Earth it's
going to be fun join us there John I'll
see you on Tuesday
