good morning Hank it's Monday today I
want to talk about the first chapter of
the Great Gatsby which is often called
the Great American Novel not so much for
its greatness or its novel nasarah knish
so in the last 60 years the United
States has been very successful at
exporting ideas like the idea of
inexpensive hamburgers and also the idea
of the American dream
you know the American dream it's the
idea that everyone regardless of
standing in life has an equal
opportunity to become successful which
in the United States generally means
rich the great gatsby is in many ways a
novel about the American dream but it's
also more Universal than that because
one we've done a really good job of
exporting the American dream and also to
the American Dream was actually never
that uniquely American it's actually
kind of a universal dream these days but
one of the charming things about
Americans is that we see things that
belong to the world and then we're like
that's American ok so in the first few
pages of The Great Gatsby here's what we
know about our faithful narrator Nick
Carraway by the way get it care away 1
he used to live in the Midwest then he
moved to New York and now he's back in
the Midwest something happened in New
York that made him go home - he's a
little bit highfalutin with words Nick
hands up what made him leave New York
and introduces us to Gatsby the hero of
the novel insofar as Gatsby can be
called heroic by saying Gatsby turned
out all right in the end it was what
preyed on Gatsby what foul dust floated
in the wake of his dreams that
temporarily closed out my interest in
the abortive sorrows and short-winded
elations of men in short gatsby was ok
but his dream his American dream was a
little troubling the third thing we know
about Nick Carraway is that he's rich
and how did he get rich not by living
the American dream but instead the
old-fashioned way by having a rich
ancestor we or this ancestor paid
someone off to serve in the Civil War
and while that poor sap was fighting
Nick's ancestor was busy making money
how's that for an American dream so Nick
moves to New York to work in the bond
business and he gets a house on West Egg
which is one of two almost identical
islands West Egg being the less
fashionable one nickel is in kind of a
ramshackle house but both of his
next-door neighbors are millionaires
including the titular great gatsby about
whom we learn almost nothing in Chapter
1 except that he had an extraordinary
gift for hope that's the essential fact
of Gatsby and also all romantic leads
that have come since like I don't care
if you're talking about Edward Cullen or
the dude from the notebook or Miles
halter all of them share an
extraordinary gift for hope right all of
them share this almost creepy belief
that if I can just
what I dream of I'll be happy but we
don't see much of Gatsby in Chapter one
instead we meet Tom and Daisy Buchanan
and Daisy is like Nick's second cousin
once removed and he goes over to East
Egg the fashionable place where they
live in order to have like the worst
dinner ever so Daisy Buchanan's like a
professional pretty person and Tom
Buchanan is a former football player who
Fitzgerald describes perfectly by saying
that he was one of those men who
achieved such an acute limited
excellence at 21 that everything
afterwards savers of anticlimax if
you're not yet 21 you may not be able to
understand what a burn that is but trust
me it's a burn the Buchanans are also
crazy rich like polo pony rich you'll be
surprised to learn how they got rich
unless you guessed that it was not by
living the American dream also take note
of this their house golden rights and
knickers are there to meet Daisy and Tom
there's also this rather hot girl there
named Jordan Baker they just have a
horrible dinner Daisy is aggressively
vapid midway through dinner Tom goes on
this horrible racist rant he says the
idea is that we're Nordic sand we've
produced all the things that make a
civilization meanwhile they haven't
produced to anything they're at a dinner
where they didn't make the food they're
eating they don't even like their own
freaking candles that Alana's Morrisette
more than rain on your wedding day or
10,000 spoons when all you need is a
knife is irony but then everything
changes when the phone rings Daisy and
Tom leave Jordan Baker explains to Nick
that Tom has some woman in New York and
then you start to realize that maybe
these people who have it all don't a
little bit later in a conversation with
Nick Daisy says one of the most
interesting things in the book Daisy
wakes up after giving birth and tom has
left and she looks at her daughter and
says I hope she'll be a fool that's the
best thing a girl can be in this world a
beautiful little fool she's trying to be
a beautiful little fool because that's
the only way she can see to get through
life one of the most interesting things
about this chapter is that we are in
fashionable East Egg in the center of
the world with the richest people on
earth and their polo ponies and no one
is having any fun
Nick leaves the awful dinner he goes
home and at the end of chapter one we
catch our first glimpse of The Great
Gatsby he's standing outside his house
arms stretched in the night looking in
the distance and Nick follows his gaze
and sees out over the bay a single green
light that green white has become one of
the most important metaphors in American
literature so watch out for it as he
keep reading one other thing about
midway through the chapter Daisy tells
the story of how her Butler used to work
as a silver polisher for a big family in
New York and he would polish silver
morning noon and night and then
eventually he had to quit because the
stinky carcinogens ruined his nose if
the whole first chapter is about how
wealth consumes the rich that little
anecdote is a reminder that wealth
consumes the poor as well so here's your
first non rhetorical question do you
think the way the great gatsby portrays
luxury and wealth and the American Dream
accurately reflects the truth about
those things I mean both in the Jazz Age
when the book is set and today you'll
find a link in the doobly-doo to a
thread in your pants to continue the
conversation Hank I'll see you on
Wednesday
