good morning Hank it's Wednesday as you
can tell from the great speckled wall
behind me I'm in an airport I also had a
colonoscopy yesterday and for lack of a
better word I'm still feeling kind of
crappy so good news people who haven't
yet read the first six chapters of The
Great Gatsby you have an extension until
Monday okay hold on I got to get on a
plane and now I met Hogwarts I think
there are a lot of nerdfighters
downstairs at leakycon 2011 right now
and I feel kind of bad because they all
want to take pictures and I want to take
pictures too but I have this crippling
social anxiety disorder that makes it
impossible for me to do that kind of
thing or to hug strangers or whatever
and I feel judged by I feel guilty in
other news Hank you know that album
you've been working on for a year and a
half Ellen Hardcastle which you named
after a nerdfighter who want a project
for awesome raffle anyway Hank I don't
know when it comes out but I'm really
excited well it comes out today hey hi
Hank
so Ellen Hardcastle is out today yes it
is it's available now and I've got a big
box of them downstairs that I have not
looked at yet congratulations it has
awesome cover art which you're looking
at now instead of Hanks face sorry Hanks
face so yesterday we were talking about
how you know I'm signing every
pre-ordered copy of The Fault in Our
Stars I thought that wasn't enough so
I've decided that instead of doing that
for Ellen Hardcastle I'm going to let
you say whatever you want me to say in a
video you are such a brother like I have
a good idea and if you have to have a
better idea every person who buys a
physical copy of Ellen Hardcastle you
are going to be able to send me a 10
word script for a video and I'm going to
film that video and then put it on to
YouTube it's unfair I'm sorry I was
going to make thousands of 10100 is
doing it oh there are rules
like it cannot be profane it has to be
in English and it has to make sense oh
look what those people are doing is
something I would never do so if you
want your own blood brothers video with
Hank green saying ten words of your
choosing as long as they're not profane
and they make sense you can just buy a
copy of Ellen Hardcastle and then you'll
get an email with instructions about how
to proceed dftba slash Ellen Hardcastle
or possibly not so I think I may be damp
Tina ba / Hardcastle
I don't know how awesome is it that you
name that album after a nerdfighter who
donated the project for awesome and her
name happened to be Ellen Hardcastle
anything else there are good songs on
Ellen Hardcastle go write the music yeah
it's good it's good it has such hits as
Phineas Gage and strange charm the best
song ever written about quarks
admittedly lobar but it exceeds it by a
lot other hits include shake a booty
which you probably haven't heard yet but
it's one of my favorite songs ever and
there's lots of songs that you haven't
heard and there's other song Catherine
what are the other songs we had
Catherine hiding in the bathroom like
Fermi paradox Fermi paradox paradox the
best song ever written about the Fermi
paradox it's true that's true it don't
know I completely agree I mean you
dominate you know little-known
scientific phenomena songs about I want
that to be on my next Hank green t-shirt
Hank green dominating we don't know in
scientific phenomena comma songs about I
have to go to rehearsal now dftba Hank I
will see you as soon as I turn off this
video a cork is a fundamental
constituent of matter observed in 1968
FIFA lastik scattered we found that
protons aren't dis simple as we thought
we thought they were solid particles but
they are not protons in fact are made up
of three separate pieces it just gets
more confusing as our knowledge increase
that is what at work is it's a piece of
a proton and they also make up other
things including the neutron oa down
strange
not bottom if you don't know water
battery still got a member of leptons
and bosons
exist
