good morning Hank it's Monday July 4
2011 it's Independence Day here in the
United States and today I'm going to
talk about financial independence
specifically how young people can turn
their crappy summer jobs into hundreds
of thousands of dollars or the
equivalent in Euro pounds rial yeah and
whatever by the way I think I'm dressed
up and giving financial advice because I
was in The Wall Street Journal last week
which means that I am now technically an
expert in money okay so when I was in
high school I worked at a warehouse
stacking stereo equipment of various
shapes and sizes into semi trucks and
the game was that you had to fill the
semi trucks as much as possible in order
to minimize the number of semi trucks
that it took to move the stereo
equipment around it was basically like
manual labor Tetris really is more like
manual labor Tetris in an
air-conditioned 110 degree warehouse
with a lot of people yelling at you
about how much you suck at Tetris also I
made 750 an hour which is by no stretch
of the imagination a living wage unless
you have someone paying for your food
clothing and housing ok so let's say you
make 750 an hour your crappy summer job
that's 247 dollars a week and take-home
pay you probably work about 10 weeks
over the summer you would work 12 but
your parents are making you go on a
crappy summer vacation to like Mount
Rushmore or something and they're gonna
fight the entire time about your dad's
driving and there won't be 3G internet
half the time and you won't be able to
talk to your friends and it's gonna suck
on the other hand they did pay for your
diapers all those years ago
so two hundred forty-seven dollars a
week over ten weeks I'm not a
mathematician egg but I think that's
twenty four hundred seventy dollars over
the course of the summer course you're
gonna have to spend some of that money
got to put us up to money for Hanks new
album Nolan Hardcastle you're gonna have
to see definitely how he's probably then
go out to dinner with your friends a few
times let's say you know 500 bucks
okay so that leaves you with 1970
dollars this is the part where I want
you to go to the bank and set up an IRA
which is not an Irish Republican Army
but an individual retirement account if
you don't live in the u.s. they call it
something different but there are
equivalents from Brazil to Europe pretty
much everywhere Hank I'm a very fancy
and highly trained economist so I'm not
sure this explanation is going to make
sense to you but an IRA is essentially a
machine that produces money using
nothing but time how does it do it
through the magic of compound interest
so let's say you have a $10 investment
that you're somehow making 10% on at the
end of the year you've made $1 in
interest and you have $11 at the end of
the next year you get 10% of that $11
which is a dollar ten and your interest
just goes up and up and up and so let's
say between the ages of 16 and 19 you're
able to put away 1970 dollars a year
into an IRA account and then you do
nothing for 50 years we know that the
world economy grows when adjusted for
inflation about 6.5 percent a year over
last hundred years that means that at
the end of 50 years when you retire at
the age of 69 your 5910 dollars will
turned into more than one hundred
sixty-two thousand dollars and yes I am
adjusting for inflation one hundred
sixty two thousand dollars from stupid
getting yelled at manual labor Tetris
but realistically you probably can't put
away two thousand dollars a summer I
mean you may have to save for college or
you may have to help out your family you
may have to preorder twenty six copies
of The Fault in Our Stars so let's say
between the ages of 16 to 21 you put
away $400 a summer for a total of $2,000
you still have more than $50,000 when
you retire that means when it's all said
and done you didn't make 750 and our
flipping burgers you made 125 dollars an
hour but now let's say I tottering old
man that I am at 33 years old put away
$2,000 today I'm still 37 years away
from retirement but what happens if I
put away 2,000 it's only worth $20,000
that's compound interest at work that's
why it's more important to save early to
maximize the number of years that the
interest can compound than it is to save
lots at a lot of banks you can open up
these accounts for like $100 and the
bankers are always happy to help you
because they get paid for each account
they open so there really is a way to
turn your crappy summer job into a lot
of money although it's going to take a
while in short Hank you don't have to be
a rich person to do the things that rich
people do to maximize their income and
avoid taxes all right Hank before I
answer the pressing question of whether
my suit is all business there is one
outstanding issue YouTube Nextup Europe
there are a lot of nerdfighters who made
it to the voting round of YouTube Nextup
Europe including rosianna who is
responsible for the title of The Fault
in Our Stars I've put links to entries
from known nerdfighters in the
doobly-doo it's really easy you just
click thumbs up but the most important
thing is that you watch all the videos
and vote for your favorites because you
have a chance to shape the future of
YouTube and that's something you should
take seriously I hope that you do I
watched every single video and I hope
you will too I made a poll it's not I'll
see you on Wednesday
