good morning John your new book The
Fault in Our Stars has aside from being
totally gripping and touching and
hilarious and genius which no one knows
yet because I've read it but they
haven't has become something of the
sensation like I don't know if you know
this but I don't think that anyone has
ever done what you just did and of
course when I say you I mean us all
including me because I helped I made
half of our 875 video and more than me
the people who watch the videos have
helped thank you yeah number one on the
Amazon and Barnes & Noble bestseller
charts four days running with like no
Blissett II at all and of this story was
just written up in the freaking Wall
Street Journal and John the people who
read The Wall Street Journal are like
very important these are people who
could seriously impact like your future
career and those people are probably
coming right now from The Wall Street
Journal article to check out the vlog
but this and see what this is all about
so has your brother gonna make sure that
we put our best foot forward for those
people so that you have the maximum
opportunity to get know
or The Wall Street Journal view was gone
yet and that was a very punishing
punishment also because Jeff Bezos the
guy who came around with me to film all
of this cuz I was pretty sure Katherine
wouldn't want to do it I don't know as a
punishment and he was like now that you
have told me that it is a punishment I'm
going to make sure that it is punishing
like the one in front of the restaurant
would be humping the drunk people sign
that was a very long shot the song that
you heard during that is a karaoke track
from a song from Ellen Hardcastle called
shake a booty and that was produced by
the Magnificent Luke Conard who you
probably probably knew that just by
listening to it is my first dance song
and I'm really excited to let you have
the full version eventually being of
which pre-orders for Ellen Hardcastle
begin never John's book has a very long
pre-order time and my album has no
pre-order we've decided though that's
different for me John I really do want
to congratulate you on the the pre
success of The Fault in Our Stars it
deserves it gonna be a pretty big deal I
think thank you so much to the
nerdfighters for making this a huge huge
freakin deal being a part of something
that I think is pretty historical in
there and the timeline of the publishing
industry that's gonna be amazing all the
success even the Wall Street Journal
article is very well-deserved John I'll
see you on Monday
it's up just meet you there okay if I
hump your car yeah awesome
