good morning Hank it's Tuesday it's time
for an unboxing video so as previously
noted if you open up any of these boxes
you'll find you know yet another box but
it is not boxes all the way down because
if you open up this box what you'll find
is paper lots of paper like that
particular box contains two thousand
sheets and I am signing those sheets of
paper one at a time over and over again
I've been doing it off and on for about
six months actually it's been a little
bit hard to keep this all a secret but
when I announced last week that I
finally have a new book coming out
Turtles all the way down coming out
October 10th lots of people were like
are you going to sign all the pre-orders
will all the pre-orders designed no I
want to be very clear about that in fact
there is a website we'll all pre-orders
of turtles all the way down v-sign com
no so the only way to sign all the
pre-orders for a book is to sign the
entire first printing so The Fault in
Our Stars that was a hundred fifty
thousand copy some of you might remember
this which Sarah made for me in 2011 to
help me you know chart my path to
150,000 signatures because I did sign
almost all of the pre-orders for that
book but Turtles all the way down is
going to have a first printing of like
1.5 million copies and it's just not
possible to sign that many books I
looked into it maybe somebody could do
it but not me however I am going to sign
200,000 copies of the book hopefully
slightly more but at least 200,000 again
just to emphasize this does not mean
that all pre-orders of turtles all the
way down will be signed because they
won't for one thing this is only going
to work in the US and Canada I'm really
sorry if you live outside the US in
Canada but on the upside by not being
American you probably get universal
health care so maybe that's even worth
more than an autograph okay so in the
book world there are these things called
ISBN numbers every book has one they
used to be ten digit numbers now there
are 13 digits and for many years a large
percentage of my job was typing ISBN
numbers into a database so as it happens
I know a lot about ISBN numbers for
instance each publisher has its own
particular ISBN prefix 0 - 0 6 is
harpercollins 0 - 3 1 6 is little brown
1 - 2 2 4 is the University of Chicago
Press I could go on but you'd get bored
in fact my first thought when I found
out Looking for Alaska was going to be
published by Dutton was I'm going to be
a 0 - 5 - 5 - in - that way I'm very
proud all these years later to still be
published by Dutton and still be a 0 - 5
- 5 - but I am on a tangent right so
Turtles all the way down has to ISBN
numbers
one of those ISBN numbers is for signed
books everyone's going to have some
signed copies your local bookstore will
have some target will have some Amazon
will have some etc and you will have the
highest chance although still not a
guarantee of getting a signed book if
you order that ISBN number there are
many links in the dooblydoo to buy the
book with that ISBN number from all over
the place but let me just quickly say
that if I were you I would order the
book from my local bookstore so yeah
that is the ISBN for the signed edition
it doesn't cost any more than the
regular Edition is just more likely to
have a signature although there took
this from 2011 and made me this for 2017
it's a thermometer resting on the back
of the turtle that is itself resting on
the back of another turtle presumably ad
infinitum as you can see here since
January working when I had extra time I
have reached 80,000 books and then I
have like about two months to just get
there by the way if you're wondering
what 80,000 sheets of paper looks like
this is 38 fidgets spinner for scale and
there's another 40 mm most of the pages
are just signed but about three percent
have a dftba on them then there's also
bunch of them that yetis drawn by Sarah
there's also a few that Alice has
circled in hot pink and there are
several hundred that Henry has drawn
pokeballs on it's kind of a family
affair this signing thing so Inc that's
the news I have a new book coming out
it's called Turtles all the way down I
am so excited and also so relieved I'm
going to sign 200,000 copies are
hopefully slightly more and if you live
in the US or Canada you can pre-order a
signed copy at your local bookstore or
via the links in the doobly-doo I think
I got to get to signing I'll see you on
Friday
PS one more thing I need your help
deciding which Sharpie colors to use
there is a survey in the doobly-doo
thank you bye
