good morning Hank it's Wade who the eff
is Hank Hank is a sentient Android from
the Star Trek The Next Generation
universe who as any true fan would know
is capable of reproduction because he
had a daughter anyway your video and
Monday was one of my favorite
vlogbrothers videos ever but I can't
believe you got your Star Trek facts
wrong right so it's Tuesday I'm gonna
upload this tomorrow after spending all
day flying across the world with a baby
but right now it's Tuesday it's question
Tuesday the day that I answer real
questions from real nerdfighters do you
have a vegetable garden well this is my
backyard at the moment so no unless are
cigarette butts vegetables because if so
yes what's up with all the shoes and
feet in the foreign editions of your
books are there a lot of shoes and feet
in the foreign editions holy crap there
are a lot of shoes and feet in these
foreign editions I don't know what's up
with that did something happen with let
it snow yes Hank the movie rights to let
it snow just sold to Paramount a large
movie studio out there in Hollywood they
also own the movie rights to Looking for
Alaska which they have not yet made but
you never know maybe they'll make one of
them someday can Henny be in today's
video briefly during your stay have you
learned any Dutch going in a doc what
are some of the major differences you've
noticed between the US and Europe well
the biggest difference is that in the
u.s. 60% of bankruptcies are caused by
medical costs whereas in the Netherlands
0% of bankruptcies are caused by medical
costs what's the title of your new book
is still not totally decided believe it
or not so I can't tell you yet but soon
will you ever restart the nerdfighter
boarding book club now that's an idea
Hank it's summertime you know what that
means in nerdfighteria it means wearing
SPF 30 every time you go outside and
reading classic American literature for
fallen Hank I hereby announce that the
new book in the nerdfighter blurbing
book club is none other than the great
gatsby by f scott Fitzgerald there's a
link to purchase the book in the
doobly-doo although if you don't live in
the United States it's probably public
domain and you can download it for free
regardless it's cheap it's possible
you've already read this book and maybe
you even hated it but that's because you
weren't reading it with me so whether
you're reading it for the first time or
reading it again that's our book let's
read it the great gatsby what are you
gonna get Pizza John shirts back in my
size
now BAM I just did it dftba.com slash
pizza I am here to solve
problems how do i best confront the urge
toward nihilism
well not that kind of problem your
smaller problems you know pizza shirt
related problems what is the name of the
hospital you were born in asked the
identity thief does the Yeti wear dftba
shirt
yes but infuriating Lea she refuses to
wear a Pizza John shirt because she
thinks it's creepy I don't know what's
so creepy about it never eat pizza again
or never that one the one where I can
still eat pizza
what's Hanks punishment Hank I've chosen
the punishment that was most popular in
nerdfighteria and that is humpy Hank all
over town I don't know why nerdfighters
want to see that but apparently they do
so that's your punishment hump the town
what are your thoughts on tumblr my
thoughts I think it's the number one
destination on the internet for images
of Paula Deen riding me do you think the
nine dictatorships are a good form of
government to be honest I think benign
dictatorship is a bit of an oxymoron
who's your biggest inspiration you I
know that's cheesy but it's also the
truth I write books and make videos
because I am inspired by you to try to
tell you stories that will be
interesting and hopefully kind of
helpful I've seen my own life change by
books and honestly there's just no
greater inspiration than the opportunity
to do that for other people when
teachers say the author means do you
really mean those things yeah probably
but in my opinion teachers shouldn't say
that because one teachers aren't really
in the business of reading authors minds
and two and more importantly what
authors mean doesn't really matter I
don't think what's important is the
critical reading can be a way into
thinking quite deeply about questions
that are difficult and complicated and
not in some like boring and abstract way
like oh and Moby Dick white is a symbol
for nature's ambivalence to man but
instead in a concrete and totally
interesting way like nature's complete
indifference to you as expressed by the
color white in Moby Dick is something
that you had better get your head around
or else you're going to end up like
Captain Ahab so it's not so much about
uncovering secret mysteries for the sake
of uncovering secret mysteries it's
about using story as a way into thinking
about our actual lives and how we're
actually living them and that's how
we're going to try to read The Great
Gatsby Hank I'm gonna go pack I will see
you on Friday
