good morning Hank it's Friday and my
time in the Netherlands is almost coming
to an end sadly there is so much that I
will miss about Amsterdam I will miss
the elm trees and the amazing public
transportation and my little slivery
view of the canal I'll miss the cafes
and the by cyclic abundance and living
in an apartment that is older than my
country and those are just the things
that I will miss that I can see outside
my window by the way Hank if you hear
any background noise that's mom say hi
mom hey darlin
your mother misses you your mother
misses you she'll come all the way to
Amsterdam to visit me but you don't see
her in Montana very often I don't know
who the favorite son is right thanks so
a couple notes about your last video
first off your punishments are very mean
and I will talk more about that when I
get back to the states secondly when you
had that ice cream truck that was
playing sexy back it reminded me of the
one thing that I won't miss about
Amsterdam and that is the soundtrack in
the stores so Hank you know when you're
shopping for stuff they generally pipe
music in so that you're happy and you
want to purchase goods and services
right but when they do that here they
don't use music they use real music
which is great but they also use a lot
of gangster rap and they don't like edit
the lyrics so basically your experience
of buying baby wipes and/or shoes is
like this I'm going to replace all the
curse words with the names of British
Romantic poets I'm a William Blake
gangster so of course you want my samuel
taylor coleridge you're gonna want to be
all up in this william wordsworth like
Oh Percy Shelley Oh Oh Percy Shelley on
the Lord pirating samuel taylor
coleridge William Blake it's just an
unpleasant way to buy diapers Hank so
mom is that but I will miss a lot I want
to thank all the Belgian and Dutch
nerdfighters who came out to events and
I also want to thank the Dutch
literature foundation for making this
possible
in other news Hank I was recently on
tour in home vain file under places that
seem made-up but aren't and a
nerdfighter gave me this this star won't
go out bracelet which I've been wearing
ever since because my this darling co-op
bracelet was broken by a member of my
household who will remain nameless
although he is quite small anyway Hank
the generosity of this president
reminded me to tell you that this star
won't go out bracelets are available at
dftba.com 100% of the proceeds go to
benefit this star won't go out a
foundation that was established in
memory of nerdfighter Esther Earl all
the money from this star won't go out
goes to support families who have been
affected by cancer
Hank believe it or not it's been almost
10 months since Esther died in that
I'm we've raised more than $10,000 for
this star won't go out which i think is
pretty awesome nerdfighteria thank you
for your support and there is a link to
get your bracelet in the doobly-doo also
hank being on tour in the netherlands
has reminded me that you and i are going
on tour in the united states when my new
as yet untitled but soon to be titled
book comes out nerdfighters we really
want this tour to be amazing but we're
also not that creative for instance hank
did you know that the probable title of
my new novel was stolen from a
nerdfighter as in fact was like the
central observation over the book so
thanks nerdfighteria right so but we're
not that creative so we want to know
from you nerdfighteria what you would
like to see happen don't tell us where
you want us to go that's a separate
conversation just what you would like to
see what you would like to do what
should happen also one last question
nerdfighter would you like it if I read
the audiobook uh it's a little bit weird
because the book is narrated by a young
woman and I am NOT a young woman so
you'll hear my voice being like and then
I took off my bra uh yeah I don't she
doesn't take off her bra in the book
that I can remember but you know
whatever I like might be a little weird
all right Hank I gotta go back to
editing dftba I will see you on Monday I
got the day right nerdfighters
