good morning Hank good morning Hank good
morning Hank good morning Hank I wonder
if I've said any three-word phrase more
often in my life anyway it's Monday I
hope you enjoyed Venice Florida as much
as I enjoyed Venice Italy I was there
because the Indianapolis Museum of Art
where the Yeti is a curator commissioned
the 2011 American Pavillion of the
Venice Biennale which is a really fancy
deal for example not to brag I went to a
party with Michael Stipe the lead singer
of REM who wrote the song stand which
you and I choreographed a dance to in
1989 which our dad videotaped and then
blessedly lost the artist II I'm a
commissioner called Agora and quel Cydia
and the pavilion is a total success it
involves overturned tanks and Olympic
decathlete sand gymnasts and an actual
ATM machine that is also an actual pipe
organ hey this the first time the
Commission for the Venice Biennale has
gone to a museum that isn't on either
coast or the Art Institute of Chicago
and I'm really proud of everybody at the
Indianapolis Museum of Art for making it
such a huge success it makes me super
happy to be an Indianapolis Ian or
Indianapolis assist Indianapolis Indiana
delicious hey where are you from Oh me
I'm Indianapolis
in other news Hank this is my book it
arrived today from New York where my
editor and publisher Julie Strauss
Gables sent it to me you know with all
of her comments on the pages and
everything I'm very excited Hank because
even though Julie and I have been
revising this book for more than a year
we finally reached the point where she
like writes on the manuscript and we can
do the fun stuff like fighting about how
to spell the word Stormtrooper and she
can write little notes making fun of me
like about how in my fictional universe
every day is Friday this is a big
problem with my writing I go often right
like on Friday and Gustus waters called
me three days later on Friday we went
out to lunch and you is just like are
you even trying are you even trying to
figure out what day it should be and I'm
like no I'm not trying that's your job
but in fact take well that's the
public's perception of what an editor
does the truth is somewhat more
complicated as usual the real heart of
the editorial process happens way before
we ever start fighting about whether
stormtroopers is one word or two and
whether every day can be Friday it
starts when I send Julia Draft and then
she sends me an editorial letter and
that editorial letter isn't about comma
splices it includes sentences like as we
crack
Gustus is philosophy and contrast it
with Hazel's more connected sense of
living I also think there's a lot of
room to look more the question of the
nobility and frankly the epic sexiness
of sacrifice slash violence versus the
unsung struggle of illness in short what
constitutes martyrdom as you can see
Hank that's not about spelling by the
way Julie if you're watching this I am
not changing my spelling of
Stormtroopers unless and until George
Lucas himself calls me and tells me that
it's two words fetch and you're right
about everything else and no matter how
happy would make Rebecca black I agree
with you that every day should not be
Friday so I think the assumption that
editors exist primarily to like fix
grammar errors is really incorrect I
mean I could just read the University of
Chicago style manual I don't need Julie
for that but I also think it's incorrect
when people think that the main reason
that editors exist is to like censor
your work or to somehow make it works
without Julie paper towns would be
devoted largely not to Walt Whitman's
poem song of myself' but to an
incredibly boring history of the
machinations of the United States Postal
Service and without Julie instead of
calling in Tucson hunting for fewer hogs
in rural Tennessee there would be this
75 page and I'm not making this up how
to guide about how to take a road killed
raccoon skin it and then tan its hide I
don't know what I was thinking Hank but
back in 2005 I was really interested in
hide tanning and without Julian before
her my amazing mentor and first editor
Ilene Cooper nothing that anyone likes
about Looking for Alaska would be in
that book in short Hank while God knows
I'd like to think that writers are more
important than editors the truth is that
we may not be I mean there's a reason
that the great gatsby and the Sun Also
Rises were edited by the same guy Hank
I'm gonna get to work I'll see you on
Friday I'm gonna do that on purpose I
promise oh it's like I have colon
directly specific dementia
