good morning John hi just look at my
calendar and I realized that there's no
freaking way I could possibly make video
next week because I'm going to be all
over Los Angeles and today on my tripod
so I just have Twitter what I should do
and I got an amazing suggestion I'm up
per oh shoot my zoom in I'm gonna clean
up the middle ground Rees real quick I
mean when I say clean up I mean move
from here so a little bit off rate
you'll maybe be surprised to know if the
Dave the fish is still here
just not in great shape so here's the
idea I turned on my mics and I sound
better as for Morgan who says review
Broadway shows
just based off their descriptions on
Wikipedia this is a great idea this
person should choose all of my video
topics hello Wikipedia category Broadway
musicals others a lot of them I'm gonna
click a bunch see what happened and
where's the word the website go American
dance machine as I assume is a musical
about a robot made in America that
dances that is a bunch of other dancers
in the musical but just one robot this
musical has a lot lots of choreographers
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 choreographers I
mean at this point of the choreographers
are are they robot programmers we
clickety banjo eyes although canter was
known as banjo eyes the title referred
not to his character but to a talking
racehorse slated costume by the
vaudeville team of Morton and Mayo ok
has songs like birthday Cod and
Valentine's Day Cod is also a number
called Mother's Day but not Mother's Day
card because this was before Mother's
Day card oh this is this giant lists
have been looking at is just a B C and D
there are so many Broadway plays licky
licky licky click it's a bird it's a
plane it's Superman there's a Superman
musical from 1966 why didn't anybody
tell me about this they did a TV special
in 1975 that on use is that on YouTube
it sure better be come on
oh it is oh it is the whole thing this
is less good than every YouTube video oh
my god it's beautiful
they should have sent a poet Leakey
clicky clicky open in my eyes nothing
happened look cocoanuts
musical the cocoa nut this is it
how you spell coconuts and I'm just
crazy it that wait the more famous film
adaptation was released in 1929 let's
see if that one's available just just
the preview for it
that's the Koko not flaky clicky clicky
clicky I never know how okay we've got
one marriage a la carte that sounds like
a bad idea we've got songs like thrifty
little marrow silly cockadoodledoo and
of all her sex of Paragon let's listen
to evolve her sex apero gah marriage a
la carte Library of Congress related
items of all her sects of Paragon sorry
we can't find what you're looking for
it's been erased it's a black file I
just made up the term black file but I
think it's really good
maybe I didn't what's a black file black
file it's a nail salon are any of the
songs captain ding cold pot what's
captain dink oppa how is there a song
called captain tinkle pop and I can't
listen to it
heads up Internet get on my level
barrage ala carte gets ten out of ten
dinklebot click click click Teddy and
Alice this is from 1987 fictionalized
account of the relationship between
Teddy Roosevelt and his daughter Alice
wedding and Alice suggested Roosevelt's
problems with his daughter stemmed from
an obsession with his late wife Frank
Rich of the New York Times compared it
to a halftime show at a high school
football game let's give that one just
like a zero teddy bear hey Morgan thanks
for the idea hey everyone in the world
you can sell coconuts with an A if you
want John Congrats on turtles all the
way down I'm really proud of you I'm
very excited for it I'll see you I
wouldn't get him probably hanging out
right now it's VidCon bye
