good morning Hank it's Wednesday I'm in
Venice and I'm really sick but I don't
want to talk about other of those things
I want to talk about the evil baby
orphanage and our first president George
Washington right so Hank as I'm sure you
recall a few years ago nerdfighters came
up with the idea that instead of like
going back in a time machine and killing
evil people when they're babies we could
go back and kidnap them and take them to
the evil baby orphanage where you know
we could rehabilitate them Hank it's
obviously a fantastic idea aside from
the small problem of you know time
travel being quite challenging but
here's my question Hank how do you
decide who is a good candidate for the
evil baby orphanage take for example
George Washington terrible evil baby
orphanage candidate right like he fought
the British in the war for independence
he was a huge part of the American
Constitution represented democracy
wooden teeth six foot eight way to
fricking done all that stuff he was also
an arguably really good at being the
American president but hey what if our
newly universal assumption that the
American Revolution was a good thing is
wrong like let's say we kidnap George
Washington as a baby and take him to the
evil baby orphanage how if at all does
that change history turns out to be a
pretty interesting question let's assume
although I think this is a bit dubious
that somehow we're moving George
Washington from history causes us to
lose and or not fight the Revolutionary
War the probably takes the United States
at least seventy more years to achieve
its independence like let's assume that
we're following the Canada model but we
still eventually end up with the
representative democracy and if we're
following the Canada model some
excellent beer furthermore as pointed
out in MD Anderson's brilliant novel the
astonishing life buck Davian noting the
Revolutionary War was decidedly a bad
thing for the people who most needed the
protection of a government the slaves
and Hank it's almost certain that
slavery would have ended earlier in
America if we had just remained a
British colony furthermore heck it's not
totally unreasonable to assume that with
slavery ending in the early 19th century
at some point we might have avoided the
civil war which was the bloodiest
conflict in the United States history
resulting in 600,000 dead people but it
doesn't stop there Hank because we all
know that one of the key factors in the
French Revolution was the France
bankrupted itself helping us fight our
revolution now Mike I'm not saying that
George Washington who by the way was a
slave owner is responsible for a century
of slavery or 600,000 dead people I'm
just saying that as usual the truth
resists simplicity so Hank here's my non
rhetorical question for the day how do
we
who's a good candidate for the evil baby
orphanage given the complexity of
history and more importantly how do we
know that we ourselves are not living
lives that could result in us going to
the evil baby orphanage let's continue
the conversation and comments and in
your pants Hank I'll see you on Friday
