good morning Hank it's Wednesday May
18th 2011 also known as button your
button day Hank in the last 24 hours I
finished the big revision of my novel
and I also watched your poetic
commencement address and it made me
think a lot about education and why
we're alive and stuff right so when we
think about education we often think
about a soft hard continuum on the far
edge of hard you have mathematics which
you know there's only one right answer
and everything's about numbers and data
and then on the far edge the soft side
you have the study of literature where
everything is about you know what it
means to be a person in a world full of
other people and how to understand
ourselves in history and all that boring
stuff you know what I'm talking about
Hank history is pretty soft physics is
pretty hard biology is somewhere in the
middle because you know it involves
adorable baby pigs but they're dead and
you have to dissect them psychology
thinks that it's hard but it's actually
soft economics thinks that it's soft but
it's actually hard you know what I'm
talking about
right except in my opinion Hank that
continuum is complete and utter Warner
Chilcott so when you study mathematics
you're really studying two things first
you're studying mathematical language so
the simplest kind of mathematical
language is that when we talk about the
number seven we're not only talking
about seven Donuts or seven pairs of
pants we're talking about the abstracted
idea of seven and then when you get to
algebra the language of mathematics
suddenly involves letters and the
language of math gets more and more
complex as you learned which is why when
I read something by Brotherhood 2.0
resident mathematician Daniel Biss I
feel illiterate so that's the first
thing you're doing when you study math
the second thing is that you're
attempting to understand the universe
right I mean I don't want to overstate
the matter but that's basically what
we're doing ultimately the reason that
we have to know that the square root of
four is two is because it helps us to
build cathedrals and think about space
and make out with people but more on
that in a second right so we study math
for the twin reasons of wanting to learn
mathematical language and wanting to
understand our place in the universe
which turns out to be precisely why we
also study literature to worry about
language and to understand our place in
the universe which by the way and gets
the thing that makes me angry is than
the entire world which is when people
say that there is only one right answer
in math but that every answer is equally
correct in literature that's just bunk
first off there is often more than one
correct answer in math and secondly not
every answer is equally correct in
sure I am a giant spawn of anger for
instance Hank if you think that The
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a
pro-slavery novel you're wrong you're as
wrong as you are if you think that the
square root of 4 is strawberries right
so students of the world I want you to
look at me for a second most of the
questions that you're asking in your
literature classes are not that
interesting like the question of whether
the author intended that symbol or that
metaphor let me tell you as an author
who intends symbols and metaphors that
question is not interesting it doesn't
matter if when I was writing Paper Towns
I wanted the great white wall of cow to
reference the great white wall of whale
and Moby Dick the great white wall of
cow and/or whale isn't there for you to
think about authorial intent it's there
for you to think about nature's
seemingly absolute apathy toward
individual humans and what the heroic
response to that apathy is and the
reason that reading critically like
reading for theme and metaphor and
symbol is important is because those
things are ways into the big interesting
questions many of which are the same
questions that math is trying to answer
Hank the vast majority of us imagine
ourselves as like literature people or
else like math people but the truth is
that the massive parallel process are
known as the human brain is neither a
literature organ or a math organ it is
both and more Hank putting aside
learning for learnings sake I'd argue
that understanding the universe and its
inhabitants is helpful in pretty much
every human endeavor which is why nerds
in my experience are more likely to
understand special relativity and also
more likely to be good at kissing so
math people let me tell you that
imaginary stories can be every bit as
intellectually engaging as imaginary
numbers and literature people I am here
to tell you that set theory is every bit
as fascinating and moving and beautiful
as the Great Gatsby Hank I'll see you on
Monday is it Friday no it's Wednesday
isn't it Hank I'll see you on Friday
god I'm so bad at days I really anchor
days a week math or literature they're
both
