good morning Hank it's Friday I woke up
early yesterday with nothing to do but
write and thought I think I might just
go to Belgium today so I walk down to
Amsterdam Central Station and bought a
ticket on the slow train to Antwerp I
wanted time away from the internet and
my life time to write
Hank watching people write is boring in
my case at least it doesn't even involve
that much typing but writing does at
least for me require quite a lot of
concentration and to concentrate you
must be prepared to face the terrifying
specter of boredom without fear in that
respect at least both the reading and
writing of books have become kind of
countercultural activities in the social
media era books don't lend themselves to
multitasking they don't automatically
update and as much as I love the
internet I'm happiest when I'm writing
got into an Court knowing nothing about
the city except that there are winkles
to the left and winkles to the right and
emerge from the train station into this
Central Square my general strategy for
visiting a place I haven't done any
research about is just to find someone
who looks like a tourist and follow them
to wherever they're going because I
figure they did the research for me then
I just stop at any old buildings and or
zoos this dude had a guide book in his
pocket so I followed them and sure
enough they led me to to sweet old
buildings although neither was open so I
returned to the train station to find
more tourists to stalk whereupon I
noticed holy crap there's the zoo at the
zoo I saw little monkeys and big monkeys
and swingy monkeys and this monkey with
pants picking up sticks for the presumed
purpose of building a nest and this
monkey with pants planting ferns in some
kind of primitive experiment in
agriculture and almost puppy-sized
elephants and tigers and zebra giraffe
horses and this penguin that appeared to
be decapitated but was in fact just
sleeping and badass fish and a shark
chatting with a seahorse okay that was
on television and this tortoise I tried
to tell him that it needed to go on and
brush his shoulder off on account of how
his shoulder appeared to be storing the
fecal matter of a different tortoise but
he either didn't understand me or he was
making a fashion statement
I also saw these giraffes who were
separated from me only by an ankle high
fence and a tiny water fountain tank I
filmed them for like 10 minutes and they
kept looking at me like no matter how
long you leave that camera on we are not
going to mount each other then I went
back to the station where I wrote the
world's coolest escalator up and then
straight and up again how are these
escalators only in Belgium did the
Belgians patent them we must rest this
technology from their tiny poly lingual
hands minutes later at my train platform
I learned that my train was off the
shaft and I was like I hope that doesn't
mean delayed since everyone is leaving I
think that was bad it means abolished
but another train came an hour later and
I wrote all the way home and that Hank
is how I lived for a day without the
internet I'll see you on Monday
