good morning Hank it's Thursday a
special surprise bonus video so I have
written a book that feels good to say
also a little terrifying
it's called Turtles all the way down it
comes out on October 10th and it is
available for pre-order now link in the
doobly-doo below my previous book The
Fault in Our Stars came out more than
five and a half years ago so this book
has definitely been a long and winding
road but I am so excited to share it
with you I don't want to say too much
about the plot of the book but it's a
story about a young woman who's trying
to solve a mystery while also trying to
live with mental illness and in that
sense well it's definitely a made-up
story it's also kind of a personal one
because as most of you know I have a
mental illness that at times has taken
over my life so okay I think that's all
the relevant information for right now
title publication date available for
pre-order one sentence of extremely
vague introduction I'm so happy to be
finished with the book that I'm proud of
I really hope you like it also I just
want to say a quick word of thanks a lot
of people have been really patient with
me and kind over the last five and a
half years especially my family so thank
you I've often worried that I would
never publish another book and without
their support I wouldn't be now I know
many of you will have questions please
leave them in comments below and I will
try to answer some in next Tuesday's
video which by the way is going to be an
unboxing video because I hear those are
popular on YouTube thank I will see you
tomorrow that's another thing I haven't
gotten to say for a while
