good morning Hank it's Tuesday oh I'm
kind of reunion video hi okay this is a
very special edition of question Tuesday
in which I ask you questions that
contained the word first just like it's
like first comment stuff that's actually
my first question how do you feel about
people writing first in the comments of
YouTube videos it used to bother me John
it doesn't bother me like every time I
am first oh yeah right I can't stop
myself right I used to bother me until I
was like until I was first on a video
and I was like I want to do this thank
you remember the first movie that made
you cry americantale
I think it was americantale Hank what
are your best first aid tips all a
doctor
no no apply pressure to the wound what
if there's no wound just apply pressure
pressure pressure that's that I can
confirm that's unpleasant do not touch
the couch energy deficit this is an
incredibly delicate setup we got it is
not particularly straight Hank what was
the first book you fell in love with a
Jurassic Park really yeah move possibly
like the sequel The Lost world yeah Wow
really I loved it so much Oh for me it
was Gus is a bug what was your first
broken bone I think one of these
incorrect oh you remember I do what was
it you fell out of a tree house and you
broke your arm no I did not you did it
did not you definitely did call mom okay
did I ever fall out of a tree mom do you
ever remember me break my bones falling
out of a tree house a tree house oh who
did oh you you fell out of a tree house
is a memory of myself
let me how brains work I think what was
your first concert I think it was
probably there might be John I think it
was they might be joints I remember it
you were young you were age 11 okay well
you you were there yeah my first concert
may have been the b-52s now I'm thinking
about it I think the b-52s open for the
violent the violent bands open for the
b-52s thank you remember the first time
you saw snowfall I remember the first of
my soft snow on the ground you have a
Bama
I was like the thing the first time I
saw snowfall I was fully like 9 or 10
years old yeah and I was astonished
because I thought snowflakes were like
the ones that you may go down when I'm
out school yeah I thought they were
about that day I thought they were made
up I think they were made up idea and I
saw a snowflake and I was like the shape
yeah I thought that about moonlight I
thought that I also thought that about
this is weird
because we lived in like street light
central yeah like the first time you
like have a shadow cast by the moon
you're like what what's casting that
shadow I was like does this mean I'm a
werewolf
I thought moonlight was like I don't
know like passenger pigeons like
something that had a time that had
passed ah just over somehow
I think you remember your first tweet
don't worry I already wrote it down in
case you don't remember it was probably
like I'm starting up Twitter now let's
see how that no no that was my first
week your first tweet was in June of
2007 back on your eco geek handle and
always writing up some stories for eco
geek wondering when Google will buy
Twitter oh if only they had yeah I mean
it still kind of makes sense but Google
has such a successful existing social
network in Google Plus think when was
the last time you did something for the
first time so the first time I've had
all of these cells it's the first time
that I probably ever worn this outfit do
you know the last time you leave
something for the first time
oh yeah yelling okay dftba I will see
you right now don't continue to see you
