good morning cansel as you may have
noticed 3d movies are all the rage
and when I say rage in some cases I mean
actual physical literal rage I mean
really isn't there enough 3d in our
lives already almost everything I have
ever known has been 3-dimensional being
a movie in 2d fraud that just seems like
a novelty to me but a little bit of a
change it's refreshing okay okay I
actually do like 3d movies and I like to
go see them with my wife because I like
to go see all movies with my wife
because that's just the kind of couple
that we are so a little while ago when I
was like Katherine let's go see Tron on
opening night it's gonna be so fun she
was like I didn't get it cuz I of course
it's not gonna be a great move it's
gotta be good movies gonna be fun
gathering for the first time let it slip
that she doesn't like 3d movies because
they give her a headache and I was like
wow so I did some research and it turns
out that 10% of Americans that's 30
million peep
discomfort while watching 3d movies
whether it's nausea motion sickness or
just a headache and this was a pretty
revolutionary discovery for me so what
did I do about it well I dragged
Katherine to go see Tron and she watched
a pirate style for half the movie and
still got a headache but I did not
ignore the needs of my better half
complete because I know how 3d movies
work and I knew that it would be a
relatively simple thing to create a pair
of glasses that let you watch a 3d movie
into desire that week I call the company
that manufactures 3d glass yo can you
make glasses with the same polarization
in each lens yeah I mean we could but
that would totally ruin the 3d effect by
ruin the effect do you mean that it
would be a crisp clear 2-dimensional
image yes excellent I will take 5,000
not kidding I actually did it Judy glad
I am so stylin it's kind of a big deal
for me I had this idea and then I made
it I made my idea real katherine has
watched several movies with those and
with the prototypes and she says it's
wonderful I can't imagine she's just
saying that because she's my wife
and I have to say thanks to all the
people who may help make this real
Winnie at the factory sad for doing the
web development Karen for design Tim did
a great comic that's up at 2d - glasses
calm my dad as always for doing the
accounting and legal stuff and my
partner dftba records Alvin and also
Chris for helping doing the distribution
and actually getting them do the people
who buy I made a thing John I will see
you on Wednesday time for the end screen
and frequently asked questions question
one where can i buy them 2d - glasses
comm special introductory offer $7.99
hair if you buy two you save two dollars
will they work with my 3d television no
probably not I'm sorry but it's a
different technologies that televisions
use will you come on my nationally
syndicated talk show and talk about your
glasses
oh of course yeah absolutely though I
don't like leaving my house so is their
campus gave it in how on earth does that
work well there is a whole page of 2d -
glasses calm that explains it all to you
do I have to buy them online yes you do
because it the internet is where it's at
man are you excited about portal - yes
I'm excited about portal - look it comes
out in like 12 hours I will be playing
it at youtube.com slash hankgames
the channel where I'm currently rushing
to finish portal 1 because I want to
finish it before I start portal 2 didn't
you forget to thank someone and your
thank-yous yes I did I forgot to thank
Victor who was instrumental in making
this whole thing happen why did your
lighting change so much to the end
screen because in between when I filmed
these two things I went to go see Rio in
the 3d it was awesome beautiful in 3d
but Katherine enjoyed it too because it
was not painful for her because of these
