good morning John I think by now you
know and the people who are watching
this know that I like funny stuff and I
like nerdy stuff and so today I'm going
to do a video about funny nerdy stuff
this is 31 jokes for nerds this is
hilarious and also true if a pizza has a
radius Z and a depth a that beateth
volume can be defined by pi ZZ a knock
knock who's there - - who no no no -
whom as my chemistry teacher always said
if you're not part of the solution
you're part of the precipitate our guy
walks into a bar the bartender says we
don't serve noble gases here argon
doesn't react the past the president in
the future all walk into a bar at the
same time it was tense
how many computer programmers does it
take to screw in a lightbulb oh no
that's a hardware problem I'll be honest
particle accelerators totally give me a
had Ron oh yeah
well electronegativity totally gives me
a permanent dipole I nice to meet you
what do you do for a living I work with
UNIX oh my god that's that's horrible we
have to organize some kind of rally to
help those poor men eunuchs and now it
is the time for some nerdy pickup lines
hey baby
power particle and you are a quantum
potential would you let me penetrate
your classically forbidden regions baby
I wish I was your derivative so I can
lie tangent to your curves I'm in a
chemistry major I can assure you that
this is the only one that actually works
um hey does this smell like chloroform
yeah that might have gone too far
hey baby why don't we go back to my
place and I can show you the exponential
growth of my natural log nerdy pick-up
lines and here man walks into a bar
since the bar should give me ten times
the number of drinks everybody in here
is drinking the bartender says now that
my friend is an order of magnitude how
many ears does Spock have three a lefty
or a righty Rand a final frontier what
do I have in common with neutrinos we're
both constantly penetrating your mom
even though you know your mom's so fat
that her petronas is a cake and she's so
ugly not even fluorine would bond with
her now you might think that the glass
is half-full and you might think that
the glass is half-empty but engineers
know that the glass is actually two
times larger than it needs to be
politicians on the other hand have
assured me that the glass would be more
empty if the opposition were in charge
while Surrealists think that the glass
is half of a slowly rotting lemon and
physicists well they happen to know that
you can never know how much water is in
the glass because just by measuring it
you've changed the outcome how many
Freudians does it take to change a
lightbulb
to one to screw in the light bulb and
the of
to hold the peanut bladder the latter
Rene Descartes was drinking some beer in
a bar and the bartender asked him would
you like another and Rene Descartes said
I think not
wait no no the majority of people have
an above average number of legs think
about it it's true how did the
constipated mathematician solve his
problem yeah he just worked it out with
a pencil a Higgs boson particle goes
into a church the preacher says Higgs
bosons aren't allowed in here you call
yourself that god particle that sec
religious Higgs boson particles if you
don't allow Higgs boson particles how do
you have mass there are two types of
people in the world those who can
extrapolate from incomplete data what do
the force and duct tape have in common
well there's a dark side and a light
side and they both hold the universe
together Heisenberg and Schrodinger are
driving into how they get pulled over
the police officer asked do you know how
fast you were going eyes and Berg said
well not really but I can tell you
exactly where I was the officer thinks
this peculiar response is grounds for a
surge and he finds a dead cat in the
trunk and he says do you guys know that
there's a dead cat in your trunk and
Schrodinger says well I do now there you
have it 31 jokes for nerds in less than
four minutes John I will see you on
Friday
and screen please let me know what your
favorite joke was that they were
numbered you can just leave the number
and if there are any that you didn't get
which is likely please ask in the
comments probably somebody will come
along and let you know the nerdy thing
that you do not know about it's all
about self-improvement here the vlogger
that's becoming more nerdy every day of
your life that's actually really good
tagline and if you have any other jokes
nerdy or otherwise please leave it in
the comments because I do like making
these videos and I do like stealing your
jokes and of course their videos around
if you like this video chances are you
enjoy those as well dftba
