good morning Hickock's Wednesday as you
know sometimes a nerdfighter meets
another nerdfighter and they fall a
nerdfighter like well today I present
you with four stories of nerd love in
all its many splendors let's begin with
phil antigua hank you may remember that
a couple years ago i was part of a
nerdfighter marriage proposal
nerdfighter flashback is still there
with you by the way will you marry him
yeah so hiccup date not only are feeling
TJ happily married they are expecting
their first child huzzah whoa whoa whoa
whoa it looks like I got so excited
about filling TJ's baby that I had an
accident and now I'm seated in a pool of
cheap champagne what's new anyway hey TJ
has one of the funniest blogs on the
entire internet chronicling this
pregnancy with helpful diagrams of her
fetus eating its feet and stuff check it
out and link in the doobly-doo although
I should note that that blog does
contain Frank language I mean to be fair
it's possible to be pregnant without
cursing but it's definitely not
advisable Story number two Connor and
Amy God there is a lot of champagne in
my pants right now okay a boy and his
air force bear go into the woods hold on
yeah I thought that sentence might be
unprecedented so a boy in his Air Force
bear go into the woods and they ask Amy
to homecoming then the boys if it's the
picture - FBI nerdfighters they run it
and a few days later she responds dear
Connor homecoming sounds beautiful I'll
paint my nails electric blue in honor of
Alaska god it's so cute I could hardly
bear it get it bear it because of the
bear I'm drunk aren't I I'm drunk
because there's champagne in my chair
that's traveled into my pants that's
then gone through my skin and into my
body I'm not a scientist but I believe
that's called osmosis anyway Hank they
did go to homecoming but you know that
was six months ago which a nerdfighter
like is a long time and we all know that
every relationship ends you know either
breakup divorce or death so the update
is they're still together
yes story three my face plus your torso
equals nerdfighter like so Hank I
recently got an email from Janis
pictured here in which she told me that
she was wearing her Pizza John shirt in
her elementary statistics class because
you know what else are you gonna wear to
elementary statistics and this boy
Andrew walked up to her and said are you
a nerdfighter and she said no I just
love pizza and men with creeper
mustaches now she said yeah
guess I'm a nerdfighter and then he was
like I'm on my way to a gas meeting the
gaming and anime Society perhaps you'd
like to join me and of course you said
yes and now they're a nerdfighter like
huzzah
gasps the gaming and anime Society could
you have called it the Society for anime
and gaming sag story for the boy from
the bookstore okay so a few weeks ago
nerdfighter is in a Barnes & Noble in
Bel Air Maryland she gets to talking to
a cute boy and it turns out that they
are both nerdfighters but then they go
their separate ways without exchanging
any kind of contact information and then
this girl writes us and says can you
please help me track down my nerdfighter
crush so listen up if you are five foot
seven you have brown air and blue eyes
and you were recently in the Bel Air
Maryland Barnes & Noble talking to a
girl about nerd fighting let us know
Hank those are my stories of nerd love I
hope they make you as happy as they made
me three other things first this shiny
little number will Grayson Will Grayson
just came out in paperback yesterday if
you want to buy it there's a link to do
so in the doobly-doo secondly
nerdfighters join a nerdfighter like
stories if so leave them in comments and
finally Hank your videos about Haiti
continue to be an inspiration to me and
to all of nerdfighteria - thank you I
have made a three hundred dollar gift to
water.org nerdfighters if you would like
to join me in giving and following our
community in Haiti check out the link in
the dooblydoo it occurs to me there are
a lot of links in the doobly-doo today
but they're all good ones Hank I'm gonna
go change pants I'll see you on Friday
