good morning John I just have to think
fascinating recently and I wanted to
share with you in the hopes that you one
of the people find it fascinating too
and I did not discover it on rent it's
odd that is where I discovered most of
the fascinating Sun I discovered but
this I discovered while I was just
searching for song playing my guitar
it's called the 50s progression fondue
or the fifties with songs like earth
angel earth angel
will you be mine and Oh Donna oh Donna
and why must I be a teenager in love but
it wasn't just popular in the 50s its
popular before then it was popular
afternoon so I like an alternate name
which is the ice cream changes because
it's smooth like ice cream and it's
sweet like ice cream and everybody likes
like ice cream
temporal Actos intolerant people who
hate this chord progression which is why
I like the name ice cream changes but it
didn't just stop in the 50s as I said it
continued on into the 60s with songs
like doo doo doo doo coverup doo doo doo
governor Duke of Earl and also where
have all the flowers gone long time
passing where have all the flowers gone
long long time ago and I'd like to be
under the seat in an octopus's garden in
the shade but I kept going into the 70s
with a song that was actually designed
to sound like it's from the 50s
I remember when Rock was young mean Suzy
has so much fun holding hands and
skipping stones I had it all go chatting
at a place of my own but it continued
into the eighties every breath you take
every move you make every bond you break
every step you take I'll be watching you
and that was the first time it's ever
changed the number of beats per chord
changed in that version in that song and
in the 90s it went from being 2 or 4
beats per chord change to 1 I messed up
she has a girlfriend now she has a
girlfriend now
she has a girlfriend she says don't do
no more for me and just so you know no
one is exempt you don't love because I'm
not Edward Cullen I can wear sparkly
makeup and act all brave and sullen
that's right I use the ice cream changes
too my glasses are falling off oh that
worked I did the beaver flip my beaver
flipped it back on
speaking of Justin Bieber sweeten it up
over the 2000s for our little friends
like baby baby baby oh yeah baby baby
thought you'd always be mine and just a
guess you think it's only happy songs
that use this I did my time and I went
out so if you said vain it doesn't cut
your solo special vibrant the reckoning
the sickening packages of Virgin Sulu
Sakura is a perversion that was slipknot
I don't know if there's a lot of
Slipknot fans watching this but there
are hi I've been gone they use the same
gorgeous Justin Bieber and then very
recently the most popular song of the
year the venom in the definition of
popular in your definition here and also
on your definition of song 7 a.m. wake
up in the morning it just gotta get
downstairs gotta get my bowl gotta have
cereal there's on time it stretches it
monitors you're never down to the bus
stop and see my friend I see my friends
they're sitting in the front seat sittin
in the back seat gotta make my mind up
we see can i Friday Friday Friday I'm
the worst
ride of the weekend weekend Friday
Friday something's up on Friday
everybody's lookin forward to the
weekend
those the ice-cream changes I don't know
why our brains like these things but
they obviously do John I will see you on
Friday
you
