good morning John I'm in Seattle and if
you don't believe me there's a Space
Needle out the window come on camera why
does it just look white why is it up
there you go there you go there's a
Space Needle how you have to adjust to
me again but that took no time at all
strange camera do not understand G on my
last video there somebody was like Hank
you need to set your aperture settings
to different one so that you are less
blurry when you move in and away from
the camera and I said oh I shall do that
and then I did try I couldn't find the
settings I am currently on a tiny mini
tour of the Pacific Northwest with
pollen storm I can talk to a camera and
drive at the same time which can be
amusing Paul is not driving which is a
news I am NOT driving do you find me
amusing and mike phirman
excuse me of justin justin my nutsack
what with the pun and a prop during the
soundcheck for me which I know now
because I am musician professional you
get up on stage and you play the guitar
and you sing a song and I was singing
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you
and all your loud ass frightens too and
so they apparently needed a lot of
soundcheck usually it's just like Duda
did a sing sing sing sing and it's over
but they're pretty Pro at the place we
were at last night and when I say last
night I mean two nights ago if you're
watching this on Friday and Jason Finn
who is the drummer for the presidents of
the United States of America which is a
band that I totally geeked out about
when I was in high school starts playing
the drums - I'm gonna kill you and I'm
like oh god hey don't screw up stay at
the same tempo please don't mess up he's
playing along just play explain and then
Paul of Paul M storm is like this is
pretty easy it's just the same three
chords over and over again he starts
playing it on the piano and I'm like
okay soundcheck is turned into dreams
coming true excellent so now it is
Thursday I'm doing this video today
because this Friday is another show day
in Portland Oregon are you from Portland
Oregon are you not going to be at my
show that is ridiculous
thanks you're in the dooblydoo John I'll
be honest with you for a second I am
ashamed that I make money from
advertising because I believe that
advertising is a little bit evil it
feels that often advertising is there to
lie to us and make us do things that we
otherwise would not
not to see the thing all things bad I
mean sometimes we should do things that
we don't want to do and sometimes it's
just about making us spend money on one
thing instead of another thing yet I'm
sure it's not all evil I apologize to
the people of nerdfighteria but I'm not
going to turn off advertisements on
these videos because otherwise I could
not make this video and I believe that
the good entertainment of these videos
is outweighing whatever damage the
advertisers doing to your brain and to
my brain of course I also see Geico
offering me up to fifteen percent or
more off on my car insurance up to
fifteen percent or more up to fifteen
percent or more you could not create a
more nonspecific statement and then
there's these new Toyota commercials I
believe that these are very evil in
which this ridiculous looking child is
making his dad feel guilty about having
an old car because like I can't believe
I have to be seen in such an ugly thing
was that over the top was it I think
that was over the top the moral of the
story of course being you as a father
should be ashamed for being poor and or
fiscally responsible you know what
Toyota eat it and I'm pointing to a
corndog it's it's just off frame okay
I'm feeling little bit better now he's
you seeing advertisements but I'm making
fun of advertisements too so it's cool
so I hope that you enjoyed this video of
me rambling on the floor of a hotel I am
in fact on the floor Here I am I'm on
the floor hello people of Portland I
will see you on Friday John I will see
you on Monday
