good morning John suddenly along with
the disaster in Japan has become kind of
necessary to understand a little bit
about how nuclear reactors were and so I
hope that you will excuse me postponing
my thoughts from Haiti and instead
giving in a direction to how a nuclear
reactors work and how that pertains to
the situation in Fukushima right now so
first things first you are welcome to
say nuclear but you should know that
there will always be a certain
percentage of the population who will
assume that you are a dumbass I
personally have no problem with nucular
but if you want fewer people to think
you're an idiot probably should just
switch over to nuclear now for
terminology one nuclear pertaining to
the nucleus which is the center of the
atom that contains the protons and the
neutrons nuclear reaction a reaction
that changes the nucleus this happens
either by an atom splitting apart or by
two atoms fusing together
radiation is any particle or wave that
goes through the air or goes through
other things besides the air like your
body generally when we're talking about
nuclear radiation we're talking about
ionizing radiation which is the kind of
radiation that has enough energy to
ionize an atom radiation can be harmless
but it can also be not harmless
radioactive decay this is important it
will come up again soon is when an
unstable atom loses energy by emitting
radiation
fission when an atom breaks apart into
two or more atoms that are an entirely
different kind of atom than the original
atom during fission a great deal of
radiation and energy is expelled and the
fusion products which are whatever's
left over are always lighter than the
original atom now where did that mass go
was converted into energy in a way that
is described by a very famous equation
notice in that very famous equation that
we are multiplying by the speed of light
squared you may have noticed the speed
of light very big number and so when you
convert a tiny tiny amount of mass into
energy you get a great deal of energy
which is why something in my ear a pound
of uranium-235 can be converted into as
much energy as about a million gallons
of gasoline speaking of which
uranium-235 is a rare isotope of uranium
that has very unique properties first
very unique property when you hit it
with a neutron doesn't even have to be
special neutron it fission second when
uranium-235 splits it creates more
neutrons which then go on to hit more
atoms of uranium 235 which then go on to
create more neutrons which then goes on
to create a chain reaction that can be
turned into either a nuclear bomb or a
nuclear energy reactor so in a nuclear
power plant you have uranium-235 and you
haven't mixed into these ceramic pellets
and through the majesty of science these
little guys can never explode like a
nuclear bomb these pellets are placed
into tubes of zirconium alloy that is
extremely strong and heat-resistant that
tube with the uranium pellets in it is
what we call a fuel rod when a bunch of
these rods are close together the
uranium begins to fission creating
energy and radiation and neutrons and
fission products which are the stuff
that's left over after the uranium
splits apart all of this stuff is what
is called the reactor and it's encased
inside a thick steel box like eight
inches thick steel that steel box is
called your primary containment and then
that is inside of a giant concrete in
steel box which is your secondary
containment so when the reactor the fuel
rods are hot water is pumped through the
fuel rods it turns into steam the steam
drives a turbine the turbine creates
electricity and that is how we get
electricity from nuclear power now if
you want to turn it off we have what are
called control rods control rods absorb
neutrons you stick them in between the
fuel rods and it absorbs all the
neutrons no neutrons are left to
continue the chain reaction and the
reaction stop ideally that would be
where it ends but it's not because we
have those fission products all those
fission products left over from the
uranium splitting are unstable isotopes
this is where we come back to
radioactive decay because they are
unstable isotopes they decay and as they
decay they produce radiation and energy
and that energy becomes heat and it's
not nearly as much heat get in the
center of a reactor when it's running
but it is still a lot of heat in fact it
is so much heat that if you don't cool
it down the fuel rods themselves will
eventually break and you will have what
we call a meltdown and this is what
happened in Fukushima as soon as the
earthquake happened the control rod
slammed into place the reaction stopped
but we still had the fission products
creating a lot of heat the grid power
immediately got taken down by the
earthquake and the backup diesel
generators they got wiped
by the tsunami and so there was nothing
left to power the coolant system the
system that keeps water running through
the reactor so that the fuel rods don't
get too hot they don't break and they
don't melt down so it appears that some
of the fuel rods did break that created
an environment combined with the heat
that could actually split water into
hydrogen and oxygen creating hydrogen
which we all know is explosive and we've
seen the effects of that in a series of
hydrogen explosions throughout the plant
that have damaged both the primary and
the secondary containment and at least
one of the reactor additionally just
like the reactor when it's turned off
still produces heat we have what are
called spent fuel rods these are fuel
rods that no longer contain any uranium
but they do contain all of those
radioactive fission products spent fuel
rods can spend years at the bottom of
giant pools while we wait for the
radioactive materials in them to decay
enough that they are not producing so
much heat that they cannot be dealt with
in a different way and the same way that
the cooling system for the reactor isn't
working the cooling system for those
spent fuel rod pools is also not working
there's another difference between the
reactor rods and the spent fuel rods and
that is that the spent fuel rods do not
have a primary containment vessel so
there is less protection and if the
water in those pools boils off the spent
fuel rods could meltdown create a fire
that would spew radioactive dust into
the air and it would be bad the men and
women who remain at the site trying to
keep the situation under control are
very literally risking possibly
sacrificing their lives for their
country those men and women are made of
some tough stuff and I wish them a great
deal of luck in getting this under
control you'll notice that throughout
this video I have not been making
judgments about whether or not we should
be using nuclear power because I simply
do not know I can see and understand
both sides of this argument very well I
do not know whether or not the benefits
of nuclear power outweigh the risks I do
know that most of the ways that we
generate the majority of our power now
are dangerous and bad but that we need
electricity for our society to function
and for people to be happy and healthy
and safe quite frankly I think it's kind
of ridiculous that so many people seem
to have made up their minds about this
issue when obviously it's a very
complicated one it's almost as if our
society values opinions more than it
values knowledge I could only hope this
situation simply doesn't get any more
severe than it already is and
people working at their plant on the
people living nearby are able to safely
return to their homes in a relatively
short amount of time and I hope that
people who watch this video can
understand a little bit better the
situation and not panic unduly John I'll
see you on Friday
