good morning Hank it's Wednesday Who am
I kidding you're not watching this
you're in Haiti Hank I'm really grateful
to you for being the noble brother who
goes out there on the frontlines to
decrease worldsuck
because that means that I can stay in my
basement why am I still talking to him
he's not watching we are free from the
tyranny of Hank okay nerdfighters this
morning I went to your pants and asked
for some questions and now here are some
answers after reading with him for
Alaska I wonder if you thought about
what you want your last words to be
before you die not at all to paraphrase
the great John Barrymore dying is the
last thing I would ever do did you have
any nicknames as a teenager yeah one
time I said that Christian Slater never
made a bad movie and thereafter a lot of
my friends called me cuffs dandy lions
or dandy lions Oh dandy Lions for sure
do you know what happens if you wish on
a dandy lion he eats you by the way the
dandy Lions really good band name it's
tax time again any fishing boat proceeds
this year no stupid fishing boats always
refusing to give me proceeds when's your
new book coming out in almost exactly
one year what's it about it's about
these two teenage cancer survivors who
are both obsessed with this reclusive
novelist but it's also about a bunch of
other things like Swedish hip-hop and
you know the meaning of life and stuff
is it really narrated by a girl yes
hazel what's the title I don't know I
change it like every day and they all
suck do you have any good titles if you
have any good titles please leave them
in comments what is the biggest obstacle
in your opinion to getting started as a
professional writer um essentially the
world contains a lot of books and not
that many people who are willing to pay
to read them can you say the alphabet
backwards
ZYX w no are you friends with Libba Bray
have you read any of her books
yes I'm friends with Libba Bray and I've
read all of her books including beauty
queens which isn't even out yet did you
know that liver braid just broke both of
her elbows I realize that sounds like a
euphemism for being pregnant with twins
or something but seriously liver braid
just broke both of her elbows and I'm
not even that surprised about it to be
honest like if you told me John one of
your friends just broke both of her
elbows I would be like I bet it was
libel you never hear about people like
Sarah Dessen breaking both of their
elbows it just doesn't have the poor
liver
anyway her new book is amazing you
should pre-order it link in the
doobly-doo I didn't end up writing a
desert island novel because you know
after Webbys I don't have to will you
ever walk alone
oh if I didn't know this was a Liverpool
scarf I might think I was dressing up as
Walden for Christmas you don't dress up
for Christmas green get your head out of
your ass hey is your phone number
secretly inserted into Looking for
Alaska yeah that used to be my phone
number I mean when I wrote Looking for
Alaska
I didn't think more than about nine
people would read it you know so yes I
did put my phone number in it I have a
message for the person who has that
phone number now sorry
favorite old-school video game pong
because I like video games that are like
life--and pong just keeps getting harder
until you die have you ever been
arrested no coffee or tea coffee I'm
hiding from the British people if you
could would you probably not let's face
it I'm not the kind of guy who does Hank
thank you for going to Haiti we look
forward to the most amazing thoughts
from places videos ever and I will see
you on Friday when I upload the video
that you already made but I will really
see you on I'm so bad at this Wednesday
seems so far away
