good morning Hank it's Wednesday today
I'm going to try to recover neutralized
the vlogbrothers but first three notes
number one I loved your interview with
the mayor of Missoula I wish that he
could be my mayor without me having to
move to Missoula number two Hank it was
a year ago today that our friend ending
master Tom almost died in a bicycle
accident was in a coma forever but then
he didn't die now he's here and yeah and
number three Hank I should probably
button this button we're running a video
blog here not a porn studio
okay Hank so in October of 2007 I Karpin
neutralised nerdfighteria at a cost of
like 30 bucks so I figured I'd do it
again even though we now have slightly
more views by the way if you don't
believe that carbon dioxide emissions
contribute to climate change that's fine
okay so vlogbrothers videos have been
viewed about 122 million times the
average video length is around 3 minutes
and 30 seconds of course lots of people
don't watch the entire video I mean
particularly the giraffe sex videos they
get there and they're like where's the
giraffe sex there's no giraffe sex it's
just a guy he's talking he's not very
funny he's got funny hair I hate this
guy click but then again dirt right area
does a lot of things other than watch
videos like create profiles on the Ning
and post in your pants and post YouTube
comments so let's just take a wild guess
and say that it averages out to 3
minutes and 30 seconds because that's a
good number for calculation and I'm
pretty bad at math so I need to help
okay so 122 million times 3.5 is really
427 million minutes now Hank because
I've seen the musical Rent I know there
are 525,600 minutes in a year which
means that nerdfighteria is more than
812 years old by the way Hank speaking
of the amazing things nerdfighteria can
do because it's 812 years old did you
know that there are nerdfighters in your
pants currently trying to figure out the
mystery of gussie manlove Walter man
loves wife link in the doobly-doo so
Hank we're talking about a total of
about seven million one hundred sixteen
thousand six hundred sixty-seven hours
takes an average of 120 watts per hour
for computers to browse the Internet so
you multiply that big number times 120
and you get 854 million zero thousand 40
watts
I say that number right god I'm bad at
math which is 854 thousand point zero
four kilowatts but I'm going to
eliminate that zero for Hank because it
makes the math hard on average in the US
takes about one point three five pounds
of carbon to create a kilowatt of energy
ergo nerdfighteria is responsible for
one million one hundred fifty two
thousand nine hundred pounds
of carbon which means Hank that
nerdfighteria in four years has created
more carbon emissions than the average
Swede will in his or her lifetime that's
right Hank nerdfighteria
is already a Swede and let me remind you
Hank nerdfighteria is not even a person
it's an idea on the upside Hank I
already got rid of 23,000 pounds of our
carbon emissions in 2007 which means
that now we only have one point one
three million pounds of carbon to offset
it would take just over five thousand
dollars to offset our carbon emissions
at carbonfund.org but I'm not going to
do that Hank because someday Henry is
going to want to go to college but Hank
when you think about the fact that
nerdfighter is responsible for 1 million
pounds of carbon emissions and the vast
majority of people have never even heard
the word nerdfighteria it begins to give
you a sense of how huge the problem
we're facing really is I mean if you
think about YouTube's carbon emissions
you're talking about trillions of pounds
of carbon I still think YouTube is
awesome I certainly think nerdfighteria
is awesome but Hank we need to be aware
of the price of that awesome I'll see
you on Friday
nerdfighters from Bahrain to New Zealand
to Libya to Morocco are experiencing
mega world suck for a lot of different
reasons and so nerdfighteria I just want
to encourage you first to pay attention
and second to help where you can there
are some links in the doobly-doo
