good morning it gets Friday I got up
around 8:00 went downstairs to pick up
the camera and then the Yeti and I drove
east past the kind of endless cornfields
that could make one wonder whether corn
monoculture might one day lead to a
zombie apocalypse and then we arrived in
knightstown Indiana we were there to
help two Swedish architects purchase a
tree which I realized I was like code
for a drug deal or high-stakes
international diplomacy but yeah that's
the fascinating life of the museum
curators husband anyway I got bored
after a while and decided to walk across
the street to the huge Knights town
cemetery I love cemeteries for one thing
they contain a lot of names which is
very helpful for a writer
panitch a leisure and fred and blonde a
stickler and minnie hooker and mary
McFaul and ephraim Kahn Fair and Walter
Mann love and wait Soleri the founder of
Knights town I also love cemeteries
because they contain so many stories you
get to imagine the Union dead the first
marriage of knights town and the more
you look the more narratives you find
coming out of tombstones there are the
straightforward ones like the sadness of
losing a child the amazingness of being
married for 61 years but also the
complicated ones like wait who is the
dude in that 61 year marriage vulva or
Mona were they night sounds first single
sex marriage probably not but I hope so
and while we're on the topic of stories
that get weirder the more you think
about them what's the deal with Walter
man loves wife nights down as a small
place and like a lot of towns in the
Midwest it's shrinking I drove over to
the downtown with its 57 Chevys and
old-fashioned ice cream joints and ducks
wearing headscarves red top tanning at a
closed bookstore in a place called
bittersweet memories where I bought this
for Henry's room because it seems to me
like literally the best advice you can
give a child and also an adult it's easy
to feel nostalgic in night's town with
its paint chipped gazebo and I don't
believe in ghosts but that mansion is
definitely haunted mansions but nights
down has a present and a future as well
as its past which is something that
people tend to forget about small towns
in America someday that little girl will
decide if she wants to be part of this
town's future or if she wants to indulge
in the great American pastime of
lighting out for the territories but we
don't yet know what she'll decide or
what it'll mean for knightstown thinking
about that made me think about Walter
man loves wife Gussie she was 28 when
her husband died
and I could imagine her picking out that
headstone committing right then and
there to being buried next to her
husband but she didn't yet know her
future Hank maybe she survived 113 and
outlived the century she'd committed
herself to maybe she forgot to pay for
the plot next to him or more likely
maybe she had a life that the 28-year
old widow couldn't have imagined maybe
she married someone else and built a
life and although haunted by her unkept
promised to be buried with her new
spouse Hank I think that's why in the
end all we can really do is be kind to
each other we don't know what's ahead
for us or for our places after all Hank
nothing is etched in stone well until it
is I'll see you on Monday
