good morning John so in my last video I
was off to make a video about the James
Webb Space Telescope and then the
nerdiest of the Nerds and the comments
were all so today I must talk about the
James Webb Space Telescope because it's
awesome but by way of a longer and
second introduction to this topic I have
a thing to say I personally believe that
there are two ways to make the world a
better place you can decrease the suck
and you can increase the awesome now
these are not mutually exclusive things
that's hard to say mutually exclusive
but they're also not the same thing and
it's clear that decreasing suck is
extremely important probably in the end
more important than increasing awesome
and that's when I talk about the space
program people are always like NASA's
money could be better spent on services
for Humanity and to them I say I do not
want to live in a world where we only
focus on suck and never think about
awesome if we lived in that world then
people would play soccer by having both
teams stand and guard their own goal the
whole game with the ball sitting at
midfield and then at the end of the game
we're supposed to all celebrate because
no one scored any goals against our team
that's not gonna get you on SportsCenter
we have to guard the goal and we have to
try and prevent bad things from
happening but we also have to make good
things happen and that is why I love the
James Webb Space Telescope
it's the Space Telescope version of a
freaking awesome frick Space Telescope
this thing gives me serious nerd would
so without further ado my nerdy comrades
here the top 5 reasons why the James
Webb Space Telescope freakin kicks ass
it is huge
the total mirror size is seven and a
half times larger than the Hubble Space
Telescope's meter the heat shield is the
size of a tennis court number four it's
a freakin transform because it's so huge
it could never fit in its full form in
the top of a rocket ship and so in order
to fit into the rocket it's SuperDuper
folded up and then when it arrives it
unfolds in like 12,000 different
marvelous little ways that could go
wrong at any moment and it freaks me out
because I worry about that and oh whoa
for Humanity no one is going to be there
to see this thing open up but luckily
the wonderful computer animators at NASA
have given us the images that I have
been showing you number three it will
operate 1 million miles from Earth
that's about four times as far away from
the earth as the moon is the Webb
telescope actually orbits the Sun that's
a simplification it's actually in the
relative stationary Sun earth Lagrange
point to which I'm not going to try to
explain to you right now if it screws up
there's no way to fix it you may have
noticed that we went to fix the Hubble
like ten thousand different times well
we're not going to get that opportunity
with the James Webb Space Telescope one
off one chance to do it right or it's a
six billion dollar piece of space junk
that is Ted's number two it will be able
to see planets orbiting stars in our
galaxy individual planets if the James
Webb Space Telescope was 25 light years
away it could see the earth it can also
determine the chemical composition of
planets and it can peer into stellar
nurseries to see planets as they form
watch solar systems forming and finally
the James Webb Space Telescope can see
thirteen point four billion years into
the past
this is particularly impressive because
the universe is 13.7 billion years old
we will be seeing the first galaxies as
they form the first stars as they form
and guess what
none of this is necessary to life on
earth none of it's going to help us cure
malaria or install a democracy in Egypt
but it is awesome in the truest sense of
the word awesome I'm sorry there's so
many hand gestures in this video I am
feeling very gesturing this is the dawn
of everything that we know and that is
increasing awesome and that is something
that I can get behind John I'll see you
on Friday
