good morning Hank it's Wednesday on
Monday you explained to us that Warner
Chilcott the pharmaceutical company that
makes a zoo call HD the drug that keeps
you alive and well enough to work and
unexpectedly and without warning
overnight raise the price of that drug
by more than twelve hundred percent so
you asked us to email the CEO of Warner
Chilcott Roger boys uno which I did to
say you know Roger boys I know you are
doing a fantastic job in fact Hank hold
on the markets just opened Hank I've
just acquired 100 shares of Warner
Chilcott stock making me 1 2 million the
owner of the company that's ruining your
life you know why they're ruining your
life because Roger boys I know doesn't
work for you or the other people who
have ulcerative colitis Hank he works
for me Hank if you go to Warner Chilcott
web page you know it's above the drugs
and above the company news and above the
woman who is delighted to inexplicably
found herself in a field of flowers the
stock price in fact tanked Warner
Chilcott website is not located at
Warner Chilcott com it's located at WCR
XCOM which is Warner Chilcott stock
symbol Hank as you know I am a
capitalist I believe in free and open
markets I believe when you let suppliers
and demanders figure out the price for
something you get better cheaper goods
and services but I don't believe in
unregulated free markets because that
would be insane for instance I don't
believe that Walmart should be allowed
to sell highly enriched uranium the free
market is really good at things like
figuring out how much airfare should
cost and fueling the innovation that
makes it possible to make telephone
calls without wires I think there are
some things that markets can't do in the
pharmaceutical industry is a great
example of this so Hank if I were to ask
you whether you'd rather have a single
pill that cures malaria or a single pill
that cures male pattern baldness you
probably say you know the malaria pill
right because aside from the
humanitarian argument malaria is
possibly the single biggest suck on
world economic productivity
aside from perhaps call of duty and if
we could cure malaria there would be
millions of new people who could work
instead of being sick themselves or
taking care of sick kids which would be
a huge boon for the world economy
unfortunately the free market can't see
that because all it can see is oh my God
if we cured baldness we would be so rich
so in pharmaceutical companies say that
their profits go back into research and
development they're telling the truth
but they're researching and developing
lucrative drugs not drugs that maximize
the benefit to the overall health of the
world Hank the truth is Roger boys I
know is not in the business of providing
you with a Z call he's in the business
of providing me with a return
my investment so why did Warner Chilcott
offer you their drug for $50 a month and
then raise the price to six hundred
twenty dollars a month
same reason crack dealers give out the
first rock free and musicians release
free downloads first you maximize the
number of customers then you maximize
the profit Hank the great thing about
drugs like a zoo call HD I mean from the
perspective of a part owner of Warner
Chilcott is that if you don't find some
kind of gastrointestinal
anti-inflammatory you might die and that
makes you a super motivated customer
Hank you can't negotiate fairly with
Warner Chilcott because Warner Chilcott
knows how badly you want to stay alive
that's why Asia call is for instance
much less expensive in Canada where
Warner Chilcott isn't negotiating with
individuals they're negotiating with the
entire population of Canada Hank the
free market that works so well in so
many fields fails miserably at providing
efficient inexpensive and effective
health care as evidence I point to the
fact that the rational response to
learning the Warner Chilcott has Warner
Chilcott at you and other people with
ulcerative colitis is to purchase Warner
Chilcott stock that is insane to me that
is a strong indication that the market
is not currently incentivizing good
health Hank the real reason the United
States needs universal health insurance
with good prescription drug coverage is
not ultimately because it's the right
thing to do but because a healthier
workforce that spends its capital not on
a zakat but on innovation and finding
efficiencies in various industries will
benefit the American economy and Haggai
speak as an owner of the company when I
say that if Warner Chilcott can't
compete if they can't deliver real drugs
that help real people at a fairly
negotiated price then it can go Warner
Chilcott itself
hey I'll see you on Friday
