good morning Hank it's Tuesday well this
is a nice turn of events they're
decorated I think I haven't been getting
a lot of sleep lately and as you can
probably tell puff willows are a little
bit high but I don't want to talk about
that today I want to talk about my
favorite subject for those who are
unaware reddit is a link aggregation
site with lots of different communities
called subreddits and while I often find
browsing and uncured Reddit to be a
little bit unpleasant and at times even
kind of toxic there are also many
wonderful corners of Reddit including
for the record reddit.com slash are
slash nerdfighters where you can follow
along with all the happenings in
nerdfighteria ok first we have children
falling over which is just a collection
of mostly wholesome gifs of children
falling over I mean who among us does
not want to watch this kids fall off a
diving board over and over and over
again I'm thinking of over and over and
over another of my favorite sub reddits
is better every loop which is a
collection of gifs that get better with
every loop and example being this jiff
entitled for girls one rat in which a
group of young people devised a
brilliant and complicated strategy
forbidding their home of a rat wait wait
for it wait for it yes I could watch
that again and again but alas we can't
because we have to move on oh no wait I
just realized that I've already said
gifs several times in this video so
everyone's going to be mad at me for my
pronunciation and flamewars are going to
erupt in the comments even if at the
record both pronunciations are entirely
correct in fact I'm just going to use
both pronunciations to make sure that I
infuriate everyone right ok let's move
on to birds with arms which sounds like
some kind of weapons related euphemism
but in fact is a subreddit devoted to
birds with arms they got like owls with
arms roosters with arms armed Hawks with
arms basically all of the major birds
but with arms somewhat more
sophisticated is the subreddit Internet
is beautiful which introduces you to
beautiful websites all around the world
from one that allows you to listen to
live radio anywhere on the planet to a
website where Google's AI tries to guess
what your doodles are basically it's
like playing pictionary against Google
and it turns out that Google is very
good at pictionary that AI still can't
figure out which video is to D monetize
but it's great at pictionary also in the
is beautiful category data is beautiful
a subreddit the chair is interesting and
beautifully presented data like this web
tool exploring which countries are
emitting the most carbon and from what
sources then we have RuPaul's Drag Race
which is full of screenshots and fan art
and gifts about the best reality TV show
currently on
err another of my pop-culture favorites
is the subreddit Empire did nothing
wrong which is devoted to the fan theory
that in the Star Wars universe the
Empire is actually good and the Rebel
Alliance are the bad guys okay let's
move on to nature is effing lit but with
the actual curse word the subreddit
explores all the ways that nature is you
know effing lit like this crab using two
sea anemones to protect himself there
are also great collaborative communities
on reddit like reddit gets drawn where
people submit photographs and then other
people draw them so that this dog for
instance becomes this and this and this
that just makes me happy as does oddly
satisfying a community to vote in two
images in two animations that are oddly
satisfying like this one is called
double dominos and at first you're like
yeah I don't know that's reasonably
satisfying but then if you just wait for
it for a second
oh now that that is oddly satisfying I
also got the subreddit imaginary Maps as
readers of paper towns will be
unsurprised to learn it does contain the
occasional copyright trap map but it's
mostly somewhat fantastical maps like
majority language spoken at home in the
republic of skyrim or really fantastical
maps like New York State high-speed rail
2030 and lastly there is a very weird
subreddit called high quality gifs in
which people devote many many hours to
creating astonishingly stupidly
high-quality gifts and even more weirdly
almost all of them are so-called meta
which is to say that they are mostly
just about gifting or possibly gifts
about chipping high-quality gifs is one
of those places where the longer you
hang around the better it gets and
that's my favorite kind of Internet
community in fact it's the kind I hope
we have here ok I have to get back to
work but at some point I will need a
break so I hope you let me know in
comments what your favorite corners of
the Internet are on reddit or elsewhere
hank dftba I will see you on Friday
