good morning John and thank you for your
video on Monday and which you treated us
to a glimpse of the magnificently
complicated world that defines the lives
of small plants that happen to produce
fibrous strands of cellulose that can be
converted into things like me and that
is mind-blowing I mean it's cotton and
you didn't even scratch the surface of
how complicated the actual global cotton
industry is the number of people things
and complexities necessary to turn you
know like sunlight air and soil into a
shirt you don't even want to know it
arises something that you said to me
recently you said Hank it gall comes
down to the fact that the truth resists
simplicity and you're always saying
marvelous things like that it's always
very frustrating because for me to come
up with marvelous things like that I
have to be like typing for hours and
hours and hours and then I'll be like oh
that's a good that's one good thing that
I came up with but that's why you're the
professional writer and I'm the
professional goofball feel like can you
do something now to prove that I'm the
professional goofball maybe I'll just ah
anyway I just love that the truth
resists simplicity I love it I love it
especially because it's a simple truth
talking about how rare simple truths are
if their word for that it feels like
there should be a word for that I'm not
the writer nerdfighters comments tell me
if there's a word for that we like to
think that the most complicated things
that we've ever learned are the hard
sciences like math and physics chemistry
but really those are the simple things
because at least there's definite
answers at least to the level we're
learning about in high school now that I
think about a chemistry and physics and
math there's a lot of stuff that's not
definite but what's even more
complicated than that is like history
and your history teacher gives you a
test and there's there's a question it
says what were the implications of the
Magna Carta
nobody freaking knows the answer to that
question may be without the Magna Carta
we'd all be Nazis maybe we'd all be dead
maybe we're avoiding an evil race of
genetically engineered space monsters
maybe we'd all be drinking pig's milk
for breakfast probably not what there's
good reasons why we don't drink pigs
milk
like really like what well it's
complicated
oh of course it's complicated what
what's so complicated about it what I'll
do with a lot of different stuff like
the reproductive system of the pigs and
the practice of reading pigs generally
for me - not for dairy even the reason
we don't drink pig's milk is complicated
Wow thanks like I had no idea that you
were such a specialist on pig milking
practices well there's a lot of stuff
you don't know about me we love
simplicity and we want simple stories
like we want there to be a homeless man
with a
golden voice that was never recognized
for his talent until the internet found
him when in actuality it's a story of a
man who went to school and worked hard
to develop his voice and made a thousand
bad decisions that led to him becoming
homeless not because no one recognized
his talent but because he was addicted
to alcohol and drugs we want the
untainted love of Edward and Bella to be
both perfect and immortal and it can be
because it's fake we want simple
solutions this intelligent looking Asian
man for example thinks maybe they could
power the entire amusement park with a
hybrid drive even though that would
violate the third law of thermodynamics
apparently people at Toyota's
advertising don't know about it's the
one where you can't create energy from
nothing and we want to make simple
assumptions about the tragedy in Tucson
we want to fit it into our simplistic
worldview where we can blame the people
we're already blaming when really it's
just a breakdown in the most complicated
system probably in the known universe
the human brain and that same system so
thoroughly damaged somehow still
functioning and congresswoman giffords
proving once again that the truth
resists simplicity I think one of the
principal facets of being a mature and
healthy and effective person is
understanding that you are almost always
wrong you might be all the way wrong but
at least a little bit you're always a
little bit wrong we as a species don't
know the answer to the vast majority of
questions and it turns out that one of
the hardest parts of all this and
possibly the most important part is
accepting that we don't have those
answers and that our simple little
explanations are flawed sometimes
dangerously flawed especially when we
start talking about political news
analysis thanks John for making you
think about all that stuff I'm gonna go
play Lego Harry Potter now because there
I know the difference between good and
evil John I'll see you on Friday
