good morning John I'm a little bit
freaked out by all the dying birds and
now that thousands of birds have fallen
prey to this bizarre and seemingly
unprecedented event I have found several
entirely insane theories about what
happened to them most of them have to do
with secret government weapons programs
whether it be acoustical or or like very
specified biological weapons delivery
and I really just have to say those are
almost the most boring conspiracy
theories I have ever heard I'm not even
gonna tell you the details of these
conspiracy theories because they've
gotten a hot spot they take no pleasure
in their own absurdity
so John I've put together a list of the
top 5 most ridiculous conspiracy
theories of all time my conspiracy
theories that should make these lame
bird conspiracy theories feel ashamed of
themselves
number one the Phantom time hypothesis
which postulates that the years between
614 and 900 something AD never happened
a group of people made those years up
along with everything that ever happened
during those years and all of the
artifacts that date back to those years
Charlemagne for example is of course a
fictional character you thought this was
the year 2011 turns out it's it's 1714
makes you feel young again
number 2 Nazi UFOs I love this one
because you take UFOs already a
conspiracy theory and you say that
that's not enough because it turns out
that Nazis had UFOs as early as 1930 and
before the end of World War 2 they took
all of their UFOs and they put them on a
secret base in Antarctica and ever since
then those UFOs have been rummaging
around the earth bothering country folk
in their nightgowns brilliant wish I
could think I'm crazy crap like that
number three Kentucky Fried Chicken
causes sterility but only in black man
this prize-winner dates back to the
1950s back when the KKK was still
powerful Colonel Sanders rumored to have
been a Klansmen himself created a secret
recipe of seven herbs and spices and a
fertility agent that only sterilized
black men while leaving white men as
virile as the horn of an African rhino
number four Microsoft's secret wingdings
of terror so Microsoft has this font
it's called wingding it's basically an
easy way to get clipart out of a font
you type in symbols come up for example
if you type capital NYC you get this
which implies of course the
killing Jews is a-ok it was actually a
big enough deal that when Microsoft
later released webdings they actually
did embed a secret message into it with
webdings if you type in NYC you get I
heart and a city skyline and number five
the reptilian oit's the winner of the
most freakin stupid crazy conspiracy of
all time goes to the guy who came up
with the shape-shifting blood-drinking
you an order up to LAN de that have been
ruling the human race since the time of
the Pharaohs Dave pick or poor girl
former professional soccer player and
morning show sportscaster has many
followers including the father of
balloon boy Falcon Heene who believed
that many of the most powerful people in
human history are in fact shape-shifting
blood-drinking reptilians from the
constellation Draco the British royal
family most of America's presidents and
of course Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
all reptilians they feed on human guilt
fear and aggression and in order to
maintain their humanoid shape they must
drink lots and lots of human blood
here's a direct quote from his website
Al Gore vice president to Clint
Illuminati Satanist serious blood
drinker and reptilian shapeshifter those
are my top 5 most ridiculous conspiracy
theories of all time if by chance you
thought that some of those theories did
not seem far-fetched I would request let
you go see a therapist John I'll see you
on Wednesday and the screen time thank
you to my friend Jesslyn shields for
helping me write and research this
there's a link to her blog in the
doobly-doo and thank you too Toby of
Tobuscus Pham for the epic Toby voice in
the intro also one of my favorite books
of the year ship breaker just won the
Printz award which I'm very excited
about congratulations to pala becae
gallupi and there are other things
around me that you should go check out
thank you to nerdfighters for always
being awesome
