good morning Hank it's Monday January
3rd 2011 happy 4 year youtuber Surya
dressed-up cuz you know it's our special
day so Hank in today's video I thought I
would answer some of Google autocorrects
common questions beginning is book ok
let's start from the bottom is bearshare
safe no but neither are icepick
lobotomies which we don't use anymore
either is Bob Harper gay by the way Bob
Harper is a guy on The Biggest Loser let
me answer your question with a question
Google if we spend as much time thinking
about quantum physics as we do thinking
about whether celebrities are gay do you
think we'd have a unified theory yet I
do is Bam Margera still married yes
technically although he and his wife
live in different cities is Beyonce
pregnant 2010 no is Brett Farve married
yes is Bees it a scam no it's just a
ripoff is Beyonce pregnant still no is
bronchitis contagious yes is bleach over
no and lastly as black a color finally
an interesting question the answer is
yes and no functionally it's a color if
we mix all the primary colors together
we get something that very much
resembles black but on the other hand
technically blackness is the absence of
light which is a chromatic Van Hank I
kept typing things that started is bull
until eventually I typed is Benj and
after the question of whether Natalie
Portman's fiance is Jewish you come to
is Benjamin Button real hold on Hank I
have to make a quick journey over to my
desk ah yes then we have is Benjamin
Franklin a president a question that
with its present tense and indefinite
article implies either that we have more
than one president of the United States
or that Benjamin Franklin may be a
member of the presidents of the United
States of America sadly neither is the
case Benjamin Franklin was never the
President of the United States and he
certainly isn't now in fact it is my sad
duty to inform the Googlers of the world
that Benjamin Franklin American Hero
Patriot non president has died yes Hank
the good always leave us too soon
Benjamin Franklin was a mere 84 years
old when he died
221 years ago so anyway Hank I kept
playing around and then eventually I
googled is be book is Bieber gay German
for basketball in jail by a girl really
51 dead or going to North Korea also is
Bieber fever calm free Hank you'll be
surprised to learn that the answer to
all these questions is either no or ah
so Hank welcome to 2011
when Google believed we wanted to know
whether a pop star was a deceased
imprisoned 51 year old gay bisexual
female German basketball on its way to
North Korea Hank I think it's safe to
say that we did not imagine that world
on January 1st 2007 nerdfighters thanks
for sticking with us all this time we're
going to continue Monday Wednesday
Friday videos in 2011 but we have heard
you that you want more question videos
more thoughts from places and more info
tation Alvira are here to grant your
wishes as long as your wishes aren't
weird to that end I will be doing a
question Tuesday video this Friday so
please leave questions in comments I
will answer as many of them as I can in
four minutes hank dftba I will see you
on Friday
Wednesday right why do you think my
mental calender is suddenly going to
improve after four years oh and by the
way still nothing
