good morning John last night as we must
do in this day and age I was googling I
don't even remember what I was searching
for but as you I'm sure know Google
nowadays actually attempts to guess what
you want to know before you finish
telling it what you want to know because
apparently we're so lazy that we'd
rather not move our fingers anymore than
necessary
it's a clever little trick and I imagine
that it works basically by figuring out
what other people have searched for that
start with the same letters as what
you're searching for which is I guess
convenient ish more than the value is
convenience I think the real value is
its ability to help us peer into the
soul of mankind so let's say we start
out with is lots of Google queries must
begin with the letters I s and then
space and here we have is Facebook down
which is probably something people
search a lot when Facebook goes down but
the second most common question starting
with is asked to Google is is Lady Gaga
a man I'll just go ahead and answer that
one for everyone no no Lady Gaga is not
a man and then we have the beginning of
a trend that we will see a lot in Google
autocompletes is Daniel Tosh gay is
Justin Bieber gay is Nate Berkus gay I
don't even know who neat burkas is but
to peer deeper into our nation's psyche
you could type in is my and find out
what people are curious about concerning
their possessions including
is my husband gay is my boyfriend gag is
my Mac 64-bit which is actually a
legitimate normal Google question why
aren't they all like that is my license
suspended which is a question you really
should know the answer to and is my
house haunted which I am amazed I am I
am just amazed and then go deeper just
type a random letter is my dick is my
dog pregnant is my dog sick is my dog
dying is my dog gay yes your dog is
actually your I was probably Bice
actually your dog is probably omnisexual
your dog has probably had sex with
pillows your dog is probably ejaculating
on the arm of a couch right now Wow our
hangups we have them and then I had a
bit of inspiration and I had to go ahead
and type in is John Green and John I
know you want to know what the world
wants to know about you is John Green
married yes is John Green gay is John
Green gay why does everybody want to
know if everybody's gay let me just go
ahead and answer all these questions for
you we have yes no yes yes no junkies
not bad so of course now that I know
what people want to know about you I had
to figure out what people want to know
about me
and piece of the rooster fartknocker
mother of poo no one cares about what
Hank green is so I ask you guys a favor
could you go uh
Google is Hank green awesome maybe if
enough people do it it will autocomplete
I find this exploration fastening
particularly our obsession with the
sexual orientation of other people and I
am looking forward to delving deeper
into our nation's psyche using the tool
of Google autocomplete and of course
finally I had to ask Google what people
are asking about Google one letter into
it we're already asking if Google's
making us stupid but we're also asking
is God real and is gonorrhea curable but
go ahead and type in is Google gah and
you will find out that fewer people are
asking whether Google is gaining a
monopoly on the world's information and
are asking whether Google is gay John
Google is a genderless website that
hopefully has never had a thot modulus
the feeling of romantic longing and thus
we could all assume that Google is not
gay John I will see you on Monday some
various news I just had a collab video
with horrible fiction you can click to
watch it here the winners of the project
for awesome Ravel have been announced
and you have been contacted if you want
if you haven't been contacted you you
win it giving money to charity thank you
I hope you all have a very very very
very very very very very very Happy New
Year
