good morning jet good morning good
morning good morning John oh good
morning good morning John good morning
John
I'm good morning Donna I'm back home and
I missed good morning John I'm back home
and I'm good morning John it's Sunday
I'm back home and I missed you so much
that I was watching our video that we
did together and I noticed how much
funny stuff there was that didn't get to
go in the video so I'm making a special
Sunday video in which all I'm doing is
putting the funny parts that we didn't
put in into this video and it's pretty
short but I enjoyed I hope you enjoyed
and that's all I'm gonna do John we'll
see you tomorrow alright just what just
record for 20 minutes everything we are
about to say shall be funny we need to
come in and out in ah today's video
comes to you in three parts part one on
announcement part two a job not ready
years nerdfighteria has been taking over
to just burp no but I'm going to cut you
off it so I can say that part okay yeah
fine
we were just talking to YouTube on the
telephone they were like hey and yeah
that's actually a what's going on
YouTube oh yeah we just we're talking to
YouTube no big deal
all of you will make videos on December
18th pleased or you're ruining
everything
ah this is my video now and we'll be
announcing more things in the future
sooo give you server shavelev that was
very eloquent at the end particularly I
moved and for those of you don't know
what the project for awesome and for
those of you who don't know what the
project for awesome is we're putting
videos and for those of you who don't
know what the project for awesome and
for those of you don't know it and for
those of you who don't know much about
the project for and for those of you and
for those of you who don't know what the
project for awesome video 5 said this 45
times part 2 a challenge we will allow
you to challenge us to do something
horrible and when he says us I think it
just means him is that truth I'll do
something horrible to I'll do something
more horrible it's true you always do
something more I love the horrible
things I'm a masochist burn through the
vital announcement part through the
final amount burn through the photo
blown out yeah I'm gonna make
actually I'm just gonna just stupid pigs
50 it's all gonna be out in it's always
I feel like I invented the giant squid
of anger so that von Dell would make
that image okay so quick recap dftba.com
slash sale for your zoo okay so quick
recap dftba.com for your t-shirt needs
wrong okay we've been doing this for
four years you're not on the screen
right now I don't know how like I think
I just keep like pushing you out like
that frame is mine alright so quick
recap dftba.com slash sale for your
t-shirt needs ah moon paws no damn it
Oh moon pies are a real thing in the
sound John I'll see you sometime well I
mean like just as soon as we turn off
the camera will probably continue to see
each other I see you right hahahahahaha
I know I feel like you see me last night
Hank and Katherine were being their
typical sort of lefty namby-pamby selves
and Katherine was like I want to thank
the fish and then my wife was like I see
you fish that's joke dftba nerdfighteria
we'll see you on Monday we'll see you on
Monday we'll get you I'll see you on
Monday we should redo that last part
