good morning John it's Friday good
morning Hank it is indeed Friday yes
that was a poor I thought of for today's
video comes to you in three parts part
one on announcement part two a challenge
and part three another announcement that
is different from the first announcement
part one an announcement the 2010
project for awesome is happened it's all
I might remember in 2007 when John and I
kind of realized that nerdfighter had
become a pretty big deal and we wanted
to do something with the power that
nerdfighteria wheels we decided to take
over YouTube and for one day YouTube
would not be about kittens on Roombas or
about giraffe love it would be about
charity and now for three years straight
we've been doing this very successfully
and it's been getting bigger and bigger
every year this year it's going to be
the biggest it has ever been by far
there's going to be a huge epic live
show out of Los Angeles we just got off
the phone with YouTube so you do is
basically giving us the same kind of
treatment that like Conan O'Brien and
the president gets where they're doing a
four hour livestream on YouTube so
there's going to be this big live show
but they're also beep sorry ah but
there's also going to be traditional
project for awesome stuff which means
that hopefully all of you will upload
amazing project for awesome videos on
December 17th the thing to do is to show
us charities you care about in action
and I know this might sound weird but I
might involve you getting out of your
chair you might have to leave your
bedroom and that's not something either
Hank or I enjoy and we are sympathetic
to the fact that it's no fun for you but
if it makes for a better project for
awesome video it therefore makes for a
better universe and so get out there so
we're giving you some lead time this
time you have three weeks before
December 17th to plan and execute your
video and we'll be announcing more
things in the future to give you some
vision valve that was very eloquent at
the end particularly I'm moved and we'll
be giving you more details as time goes
on like the thumbnail and the logo and
the website's end etc and for those of
you who don't know much about the
project for awesome you'll find videos
here here here and here and you'll also
find some videos in the doobly-doo part
two a challenge you would like to
challenge you nerdfighteria last night
at dinner Hank and I were discussing
pasta pasta and
everyone knows that it is far more
efficient in terms of energy output to
create pasta than it is to create beef
and that remains true even if you import
the pasta from say Italy but we are
wondering with this remain true if you
are importing the pasta from somewhere
farther away I say it like the move like
space so what we want to know is is it
more efficient to fly apollo 11 to the
moon pick up a little pasta fill up the
capsule entirely and then ship it back
would it then be more energy intensive
than growing a cow per calorie that is
our question we hope that there are some
of you who are nerdy and smart enough to
give us an accurate answer because we
couldn't figure it out now so we are
turning to you because you never
disappoint us
nerdfighteria if you successfully
determine for us whether moon pasta is
more efficient than earth beef then we
will allow you to challenge us to do
something horrible part 3 the final
announcement is that you may have
noticed that it is Black Friday so in
the spirit of the holidays dftba records
is lowering prices on some new shirts
and some old favorites
are you putting bars right over your
head with too high the new shirts are
the giraffe love shirt why are the
shirts on my face because that's where
they go to do dftba shirts which we're
calling the dftba university shirts and
the giant squid of anger shirt designed
by amazing nerdfighter von Dell Swain
ahh all right so quick recap dftba.com
slash sale for all of your t-shirt needs
is it more efficient to have moon pasta
or earth burgers and a project for
awesome December 17th get ready and be
awesome dftba nerdfighters i'll see you
on Monday I guess I'm teller now
