good morning John Oh getting kind of
tired this pre movie release media blitz
I got all of muggle kind under this
spell I mean don't they know four months
ago I got my tickets on Fandango how
much more money could they make
Let Me In or their legs I shall break
the first part of Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows is coming out tomorrow
night and I'm very excited and of course
it's on Wednesday so it's possible that
those two these things had something to
do with each other
I've been reading books and something
just occurred to me while I was reading
another that I heard would be the
next big thing I thought what would I
give if that could be true up a
feel again the way I felt when I read
too well at they are million galleons I
dress up like I go to Oh buttons I can't
do my hair
people died on my wand and fireball but
no matter how many good things I'm told
everything I need turns out to be
leprechaun
spend so many years no matter how I try
to read a young adult fiction I can come
in out drive like water water everywhere
and not a doctor check my frustration my
agony it pushed me to the brink I keep
tilting back the glass but I never taste
the water it seems no matter what I read
I think this is not Harry Potter this is
not Harry Potter well I was pretty
impressed with Frankie lund I'll beg to
come there saving the world with a
couple epic pranks and there's no
monopoly a nonhuman people there's
fairies buggers talk and catch a knack
knack appeal and 13 little blue
envelopes was fantastic but my sticker
scope would be flashing spinning if I
say that it was the best book I've read
and you gotta know that this is no joke
when I also read lots of books that my
old brother
well it's been so many years no matter
how I tried to read more young adult
fiction I can call it I'll Drive hot
water water everywhere and not a drop to
dream on restriction my agony a push me
to the brink I keep tilt effect the
glass but I never taste the water it
seems no matter what I do I think this
is not Harry Potter no this is not Harry
Potter in the darkest hours my darkest
nights I found myself curled up with
Twilight and I couldn't help but wonder
as my ravenously reckon you Avada
Kedavra the odd dead cuz Edward called
totally has it coming and of course I'm
holed up with any better start running
cuz there's not much that the Dark Lord
and I could agree on but I think that we
would both hate that guy and Sir
Nicholas the MEMS informing dawn is a
character named that by itself
anything and breaking down so many years
no matter how I tried to repo your metal
thing Chennai can come in on try and die
Gallic it's cool and I'm for boarding
President Snow is no Voldemort and Lyra
silver tongue is mrs. Coulter's daughter
that's a good plot twist but it is not
Harry Potter no this is not Harry Potter
in addition to being excited about Harry
Potter I was also really excited about
the release of Assassin's Creed
Brotherhood 2.0 isn't that what it's
called and so I've decided that I'm
going to play it and talk at the same
time and then put those videos up on the
Internet and yes I did steal this entire
thing completely from Toby Turner so if
you want to watch me play assassin's
creed please come by and do that
hopefully it will be somewhat
entertaining it certainly is for me
youtube.com slash hankgames John I'll
see you on Friday
