good morning Hank it's Friday today I
share with you a story about guns indoor
tennis courts guillotines humorous
outfits and competing historical
narratives that's right it's time to
learn about the French Revolution okay
so quick background this is France
Frances in Europe French people like to
eat food and one other thing in the 18th
century there was this movement called
the Enlightenment wherein people
including French people like Jean
Jacques Rousseau and Voltaire were
starting to argue that rational thought
should be the source of truth and
authority instead of the interpreted
will of an omnipotent God that was the
slightly troubling thought to the French
monarchy which after all derived its
authority and therefore its ability to
purchase humorous outfits from the
supposed will of that affirm mentioned
omnipotent God okay so at 1789 the US
has just won it's Revolutionary War
which by the way would have been
impossible without the support of France
meanwhile France has racked up
tremendous debt supporting the American
Revolution and also fighting the Seven
Years War like to give you a sense of
France's debt a lot of people in the
u.s. worried about our national debt but
in 2009 the United States spent 5% of
its federal budget servicing its debt in
1789 France spent 50% of its federal
budget servicing its debt so France was
completely broke but the King of France
Louie the 16th was not broke as
evidenced by his well-fed physique and
fancy footwear Louie the sixteenth and
his wife Marie Antoinette had a pretty
comfortable life in the rather nice
Palace at Versailles which is the kind
of thing that will annoy you if you are
a peasant who is starving as I mentioned
earlier French people like a lot of
people enjoy eating so in 1789 in
addition to Frances debt crisis there
was a famine the price of bread rose 50
percent in one year but wages didn't go
up at all so the peasants are hungry the
intellectuals are beginning to question
whether power should be centered in the
church in the monarchy and the nobility
is did ring about failing to make
meaningful financial reform so in May of
1789 Louis the sixteenth recognizing the
crisis calls the convocation of the
estates-general a meeting of the three
estates of France the first estate is
the clergy the second estate the
nobility and the Third Estate everyone
else which is to say about 98% of the
population the Third Estate is paying
all the taxes producing all the wealth
fighting and all the wars meanwhile the
first estate the clergy pay absolutely
nothing in taxes I mean they have to be
celibate but still no taxes and then the
second estate the nobility spends
most of each day playing an increasingly
high-stakes game of who can develop the
most humorous costume so the Third
Estate shows up with about 600
representatives the first and second two
states have about 300 representatives
each the Third Estate wants the
representatives from all three estates
to meet together in one assembly which
would basically become a governing
parliament in which the Third Estate
would have a very slight majority but
the first and second estate won't agree
to this so the Third Estate is like fine
you don't want to come to our party
forget you guys we the representatives
of the Third Estate are now the National
Assembly of France we are your
Parliament this does not please King
Louie 216 so when the Third Estate
people leave the room for a break Louie
the sixteenth locks the doors and says
oh sorry you can't go in there and if
you can't assemble you can't be an
assembly at which point the Third Estate
representatives were like hmm I think we
may have a solution to this problem the
Third Estate Representatives
surprisingly are able to find a
different room in France and indoor
tennis court at Versailles and in that
room the new National Assembly swears
the famous Tennis Court Oath in which
they agree that they will not stop until
they have written a French Constitution
at this point louis xvi sees the writing
on the wall he backs down he says okay
you guys can be a National Assembly but
at the same time louis xvi is flooding
the city of paris with troops who are
loyal to him so people actually start to
think that louie xvi might intend to
destroy the National Assembly by force
at which point the revolutionaries get a
bright idea so on July 14 1789 the
revolutionaries stormed the Bastille
prison not so much because they wanted
to free the seven prisoners who remained
there but because they wanted guns and
there were a lot of them in the Bastille
and this marked a big turning point in
the French Revolution the governor of
the Bastille negotiated a ceasefire
which saved a lot of lives on both sides
and that would have been a great time
for everyone to say you know what if we
start shooting at each other this is
probably going to get worse but instead
they killed the governor of the Bastille
decapitated him put his head on a pike
and paraded it around the next month the
National Assembly released the
Declaration of the Rights of Man and of
the citizen the French equivalent to the
American Declaration of Independence the
Declaration declared that all men sorry
ladies had the right to Liberty property
and security rights that the French
Revolution in the end would do an
exceptionally poor job of protecting
back at versailles louis xvi was still
king of France and it was looking like
France might be a constitutional
monarchy which might have meant that the
royal family could hang on to their
awesome house but then in October of
1789 a rumor started that Marie
Antoinette was hoarding grains somewhere
inside the palace and in what became
known as the women's March a bunch of
armed peasant women stormed the palace
and demanded that Louie and Marie
Antoinette move from Versailles to Paris
which they did because everyone is
afraid of armed peasant women so between
May and October of 1789 France went from
a stable if somewhat broke monarchy to a
country where a bunch of armed peasant
women could functionally put the king
under house arrest a country where no
one quite knew who is running the show
and everyone had guns this problem will
soon get better and then worse and then
a little bit better and then much worse
and then better and then Napoleonic lis
were so stay tuned for that next time
Hank I look forward to you teaching me
something on Monday by the way with
permission from nerdfighteria we have
temporarily suspended the four-minute
rule just to get us through this week of
educational videos so those of you who
are commenting on how punished I am
clearly did not watch till the end of
the video which means that you missed
out on me proving that my suit is it all
business
