good morning John for the project Rossum
last year Travis McElroy and I did a
one-off podcast called the dad cat a
podcast in which two brand new dads
answered questions about being new dads
and the most common question we got was
how do you decide how do you make this
tremendous tremendous decision after
this video off by answering the question
you don't know like deciding to buy 378
bottles of olive if you've never had an
olive just won't know what a terrible
awful poisonous turn fruit they are
until you put one in your mouth or
alternately your child could be the
finest piece of tree flesh you've ever
consumed this metaphor fell apart either
way yep 378 jars of these things except
very human being who's never really
opposed or enthusiastic about the idea
of having a kid here's the crazy thing
though after six months I can tell you
that my pros and cons list was raw
here's some stuff that I should have had
on my cons list like the worst parts of
parent it's not the puking of the
pooping and the getting up in the middle
of the night and never sleeping a normal
amount again all of those things
actually are surprisingly easy sometimes
I even like being excessively kneaded by
this adorable biscuit man but I don't
like one the stress of knowing that my
child could get ill at any moment
seriously or just generally something
terrible might happen and while you can
minimize risk you cannot eliminate who
feeling like I'm doing it wrong 3
feeling like I can't do it at all and
when you have a human being who's
depending on you for everything feeling
like you can't do it as a feeling of
tremendous failure even when it's
sleeting even when you know it's not
true I think everybody experiences this
and it's just one of those it gets
better situation for and this is kind of
wrapped up in all of these caring so
much that it hurts I was also wrong
about the reasons that I would like
having a kid like I knew I was going to
like having like a little Catherine Hank
hybrid person that's nice but here are
the bigger and unexpected one one
embarking on a really big new
interesting project with my wife who's
my favorite purse who I get to sing
wherever I want to as long as he's with
me people will think it's cute and not
we are three I think I have a much
better understanding of my parents
relationship with me which is maybe hard
to
have unless you experience Parenthood
yourself or I have a much better
understanding of and I'm very impressed
by the capabilities of both me and
Catherine's live I really like doing a
thing that is super normal like every
lots of people do this but it's also
magnificently important and I know that
every piece of me unquestionably knows
that being a dad is vitally important
six I love to look at him which I didn't
really expect I loved it so much that I
like show them to other people and I'm
like I'm so sorry that you don't get to
stare at this all the time like I do
finally seven caring so much it hurts
again this video doesn't have any
answers it is just the perspective of
one of billions of parents on earth it
is hard I will tell you that but also
the hard things are the ones that are
the most worth doing and that's not an
endorsement of having a kid it's an
endorsement of doing hard things you are
the only person who can decide whether
you're ready to create a human but final
thing if you are like me and you assume
that all the people who are talking
about how great parenthood is we're just
making it up so that they would feel
less bad about the terrible decision
they made it's not made up it's actually
really great John I'll see you on
Tuesday and screen2 things first the
Catechism shirts and stuff will only be
available for another couple days
including we made a laptop decal because
people were talking to the comments fund
how much they wanted a laptop you can -
John you and I are going to be in
Seattle December 9th and 10th for pod
con a convention for people who love and
make podcast we're doing it in
partnership with night Vale presents
team and those good good McElroy boys of
my brother my brother and me calm calm
we're doing a crowdfunding campaign
right now to try and raise more money to
get more cool guests we just announced
it criminal is going to be there what
more information pod can calm there's
also a bunch of social medias you can
follow in the description it's going to
be a good time
