good morning John today I want to talk
about saying stuff wrong it is as far as
I'm concerned the most embarrassing
thing that can happen and unfortunately
just like when your fly is down
sometimes people are embarrassed about
telling you about it and so you go on
and on with this intellectual fly down
your underwear exposed toilet paper
hanging out of the back of your pants
number one you couldn't care less if you
could care less then you do care number
two for all intents and purposes I don't
know what intensive purposes are but
that's not what you mean three you do
not hold down the fort because the fort
isn't inflatable and filled with helium
you hold the fort it's a military
metaphor five this is Frankenstein no
this is Frankenstein that guy is
Frankenstein's monster six dear Alanis
Morisette when you get a death-row
pardon two minutes too late that is
extremely unfortunate it is not however
ironic and finally number seven if
you're saying an acronym make sure that
the thing you say after the acronym
isn't in the acronym like when you put
your pin number in an ATM machine of
course implying that you're putting your
personal identification number number
into the automated teller machine
machine but I also want to note here
that it totally okay to say the La Brea
Tar Pits despite the fact that when you
translate that out it's the the tartare
pits
let's take a common comment on
vlogbrothers videos you lose the game
except it is often spelled like this in
that case I don't lose the game because
I'm not thinking about the game I'm
thinking about the failure of the
American education system moving on to
the mother country the United Kingdom
which is the United Kingdom of Northern
Ireland and Great Britain Great Britain
is an island that contains three
autonomous owl countries the countries
of Wales Scotland and England if you're
in a pub in Wales and you say gee guys I
sure love it here in England they will
punch you in the face
England is not a synonym for the United
Kingdom now we're moving on to the two
most confusing words in the English
language as far as I'm concerned effect
and effect of course not pronounced
effect and effect but pronounced effect
and effect but I remember it this way
the greenhouse effect
affects the climate effects almost
always being a noun and affect almost
always being a verb but this is extra
super confusing because sometimes affect
is a verb too so it is literally okay to
say I effected the effect that verb
effect means to bring about an effect so
if you say I effected the effect you
mean I brought about the effect if you
say I effected the effect that means
that you changed the effect so if you
are good at bringing about effect you
are affective sorry this is horribly
confusing
it just is but it's important to figure
it out now to finish this off I'm gonna
talk about some mispronunciation because
when I was in college I did a long oral
report on Leon Battista Alberti in which
I discussed at length of the fa√ßades he
designed in Renaissance Italy except
instead of saying facade I said the Cade
and it was one of the most embarrassing
moments of my life when I found out ok
let's go it's not Ari it's awry its
epitome not epitome Edinburgh
not Edinburgh not ether real but
ethereal not Mimi but meme not hazard
but haphazard facetious not face giuse
not the sequel to the Super Bowl the
hyperbole but in fact hyperbole colonel
despite the fact that this word has no R
in it boolean not boo lean and
dishevelled not disabled and that is all
I've got for you I hope that I have at
least a little bit help the world avoid
some embarrassment nerdfighteria in the
comments below help me feel better about
my facade mistake and tell me some word
that you've mispronounced in public
before John I'll see you on Wednesday
