good morning John I am going to read to
you my letter to fifteen-year-old you
and yes I did just hold up my bank
statement acting like it was a letter
it's not a bank statement actually it's
an important update regarding my
overdraft coverage but before I read to
you my important update regarding my
overdraft coverage I wanted to tell you
a quick story okay last week I thought
that I had a super clever thought I was
reading fog with his comments and
someone made a reference to nerds dying
virgins which is not an uncommon
statement among the troll population and
I just wanted to respond and say that
actually I would argue that most nerds
died and I didn't know what word to use
there at first I thought deflowered most
nerds died deflowered well I think that
may be technically true depending on
your perspective it's kind of a the word
has a negative connotation like synonyms
for deflower include like corrupt and
sully and dirty sigh probably just dirty
dirty is a verb as well as an adjective
and so think of myself there's really no
word for the opposite of virgin and then
I thought to myself there should be a
word for that there should be a word for
when there isn't a word for something I
love self-referential stuff like that so
I thought it was super clever so I
tweeted a question to the world what's
the word for when there should be a word
for something but there isn't and I did
not think I was asking a serious
question I just thought that I was
making a funny statement but then
because nerdfighters are nerdfighters
and nerdfighters know this stuff two
very quick tweets came in from our
Lonnie and Heather clothes informing you
that there is in fact a phrase for that
not quite a word but it's called a
lexical gap and there are lots of
lexical gaps in lots of different
languages for example in Romanian
there's no word for shallow and so when
you're translating into Romanian you
have to call it not so deep English also
has interesting lexical gaps like the
fact that we have no plural for the word
you' which is a big one and it results
in us having to invent words like y'all
and you's guys and so i very excitedly @
replied both of those people though
slightly disappointed that it was not a
full word then the victoria tweeted
saying a lexical gap or a lacuna and i
was like a lacuna and so I looked up
lacunae and lacunae means a lot of
things but if you're a linguist a lacuna
is when there is no word for something
that there should be a word for so yes
there should be a word for when there
should be a word for something and there
is a word for
should be a word for something and that
word is lacunae but if you're not
talking to a linguist and you want to be
more specific you should probably use
the phrase lexical gap that is the end
of my story and now I'm going to read to
you my letter to fifteen-year-old John
so John you're 15 and like most 15 year
olds you feel like when you're forced in
school to do math and science and
laboratory experiments you're sort of
being tortured but here's what science
does for us fifteen-year-old John it
helps us understand what to think about
and it gives us a framework for how to
think about those things the funny thing
is fifteen-year-old John when you're 33
you're going to write a video letter to
fifteen-year-old me saying those exact
same things about critical reading and
guess what you'll be right because 15
and 33 year old John there are lots of
ways to arrive at a place where you can
choose what to think about and you know
how to think about those things well for
you it was reading complicated books
critically for me it's statistics and
population dynamics and evolutionary
theory of the truth of the matter is to
live a good life is a good person it
doesn't matter how you got there it just
matters that you do also dump your
girlfriend I don't know who your
girlfriend is I don't know how much you
like her but dump her right now because
John in the future you are going to feel
much much better about yourself if there
is one girlfriend in your path that you
managed to dump before she dumped you
good luck with that 15-year old John 33
year old John I will see you on Friday
