good morning Hank it's Monday I think we
should do a theme week this week and I
think the theme should be open letters
to our fifteen-year-old brothers by the
way do you like my shirt is a rhetorical
question of course you like it dear
fifteen-year-old Hank
hi it's me John Green your brother I
know I look old 15 year old heck life is
a lot like pizza who don't let them Oh
Pizza America ordered Italian or Greek
or Brazilian with any more peaches than
anyone in the whole world
more 6000 pizza rears in Brazil mm you
bet I do Pisa Rio Brazil every day for
18 years before you had to go to a place
twice unless you were eating pizza twice
a day which let's face it I would be so
Hank you're 15 like a lot of
fifteen-year-old do you feel like when
you are forced to read books in English
class and look for metaphor and
symbolism and theme and all that stuff
you are sort of being tortured by the
way fifteen-year-old Hank I am now an
author huh here's what critical reading
does Hank it helps us understand what to
think about and it gives us a framework
for how to think about those things okay
so let me give you an easy to comprehend
example what I'm talking about from this
famously incomprehensible james joyce
novel Ulysses I'm getting to the pizza
so there's this Irish Jewish guy bloom
and he's sitting in a bar and one of the
guys he's talking to John wise says but
do you know what a nation means a nation
says bloom a nation is the same people
living in the same place and then
everybody starts to make fun of bloom
for a stupid definition and then bloom
ads are also living in different places
but then it's all the characters in the
novel or laughing at bloom the reader
realizes that you know we don't have a
better definition for what constitutes a
nation or indeed what it means to have
membership in any community I mean bloom
is in this weird in-between space
because he's Irish but he's also Jewish
which many characters in the novel see
as inherently on Irish but ultimately we
all want to feel like we're on the
inside of our communities whether it's
Ireland or the United States or a high
school clique or nerdfighteria and the
question of whether there have to be
Outsiders in order for there to be
insiders turns out to be a really
interesting and difficult and
complicated question which is exported
lengthen Ulysses and thinking about as
the guys at the bar clearly can't what
we really mean when we talk about these
identifiers z' is a much better starting
place for conversations about who is or
is not American or who is or is not a
nerdfighter rather than the current
method of discourse which is just to be
like ah
Machias what a bank rogers no form of
communicating hurt not only the quality
of discourse but also the quality of my
glasses which brings me to Pizza Hank is
Pizza American certainly there's a lot
of peach in America thank goodness
hmm-what pizza was originally Italian
although Italian pizza doesn't taste
very much like this because this pizza
is fortified with sodium which is a
mineral or a vitamin all I know is that
it's good for you in fact a pizza so
ubiquitous it's a little bit difficult
to say what Pizza even is I mean
sometimes it comes without cheese
sometimes it comes without sauce
sometimes it comes without a crust in a
bucket and people are the same way Hank
a nation is the same people living in
the same place or also in different
places there are Italians in Italy and
there are Italians in America and there
are Italians of Chilean descent
everyone's laughing at bloomin at
Barbara we should be the ones laughing
it down they think are some easy
uncomplicated definition of Irishness
but in fact the fundamental thing that
all critical reading does is reveal to
us that there are not easy definitions
that distinguish us from them reading
with an eye toward metaphor allows us to
become the person we're reading about
while reading about them that's why
there are symbols and books and why your
English teacher deserves your attention
ultimately it doesn't matter if the
author intended is symbol to be there
because the job of reading is not to
understand the author's intent the job
of reading is to use stories as a way
into seeing other people as we see
ourselves and when we do that we can
look out at the world and see a giant
endless set of beautiful variations of
pizzas
the whole world composed of billions of
beautiful delicious pizzas Hank I'll see
you on Wednesday
did I make that entire video so that I
could eat one piece of pizza on my diet
maybe
