good morning God it's Friday September
17 I don't look very good I've got to
change the white balance that's better
as a little more color in my skin the
good thing about being a person who only
exists in videos is that you don't have
to go outside to get color you can just
change the white balance now I'm extra
orange and now I could go out of
clubbing on the Jersey Shore
excellent John I have decided to follow
your and aim across Rosenthal's lead and
do some positive pranking today I was
saying to myself what is the most common
form of prank the answer is of course
the prank call hey is your refrigerator
running well you better go catch it but
I'm taking that idea and turning it
positive by crank calling people with
encouraging and true facts about our
world
unfortunately Montana is one of the
twelve states in which you cannot record
a phone call unless all parties have
agreed to the recording so you're just
gonna get me just gotta get my side of
the conversation okay it's ringing and
answering machine I guess I could use an
answering machine hi this is Hank green
of the vlogbrothers and I just wanted to
let you know that teen smoking teen
pregnancy and teen drug use have all
declined significantly since the late
1990s it's ringing hi this is Hank Rita
the vlogbrothers and I just wanted to
let you know that cancer rates are
decreasing significantly year over year
no it's not just because of lung cancer
that's a really good point though lung
cancer is decreasing and that is part of
it but it's also because of increased
screening for precancerous lesions and
also the HPV vaccine uh yeah it's good
news I just wanted to let you know cuz
it's good news yeah okay bye that went
really well
I am surprised by how well that went
okay I'm gonna start telling people
facts and hanging up immediately because
I feel like that's more prank like than
talking to them hi this is Hank ritu the
vlogbrothers and I just wanted to let
you know that global poverty rates have
dropped 30% since 1990 and they're on
track to drop another 10% before 2015 to
talking and I just hung up on her ha ha
pranked hi this is Hank err to the
vlogbrothers and I just wanted to let
you know the divorce rates are actually
much lower than people generally assume
80% of people who got married in the
1980s are still married
it's fun it's exhilarating hi I just
wanted to let you know that in the 1970s
they were only 400 breeding pairs of
bald eagles left but since the passage
of the Endangered Species Act that has
gone up to over 10,000 breeding pairs of
bald eagles hi this is anchored to the
operatives and I just wanted to let you
know that violent crime rates have
dropped every year since 1970 and they
dropped 5% between 2008 and 2009 alone
so I have successfully positively
prank-called 10 people and that I think
is a good day's work I'm gonna put a
transcript of my script that I used for
my positive pranks down in the
doobly-doo
so that you can make your own positive
prank calls because they are perfectly
legal to do though occasionally people
seem somewhat annoyed at me thank you to
people who follow me on Twitter for
suggesting most of these I didn't find
these on my own I asked people to find
me encouraging statistics about the
world and people were very kind and sent
some of these in and I genuinely hope
that the people who I positively pranked
today we'll think about the encouraging
fact that I told them about the world
and they will feel better about the
state of our planet and our society
because it's very easy to get
discouraged but I really think that
that's only because we get told the bad
news and we never get told the good news
and so I just wanted to tell some people
some good news today John I will see you
on Monday
