good morning Hank it's Friday earlier
this week I was like I got attacked by a
baby well Hank in the intervening few
days I have as you can see been attacked
by a giant baby so I'm just sitting
around and I see this giant baby pulling
himself on the ground crawling toward me
and crawling toward me and then BAM
giant baby attack or maybe I fell off my
bike and broke a rib anyway Hank I don't
think I've ever shown you my backyard
which as you can see looks astonishingly
like Sonoma California oh we don't have
the film that one again that hurts
are you okay I'm fine it was slippery it
was wet I just shut down that like a
like a like a shooter down a shoot thing
I love my oh my analogies were poop
based Brotherhood 2.0 recreation moments
so Hank and I here in Sonoma California
we are here for dad's 60th birthday
party
dad come on end to the dad is not here
because mom I broke her ankle and so mom
and dad couldn't come so we are
celebrating dad's 60th birthday without
them anyway mom dad dad we love you and
sorry that you are not here with us John
almost couldn't come because he hurt
himself very badly
we already covers that everyone you
covered so today's video is going to be
a quick one because we have to go do
stuff that honors our dad on his
sixtieth birthday at wineries exactly
and also because we want to go inside
and enjoy the amazing place that we have
rented that mom and dad can't enjoy with
it's amazing window shades of amazing
and also with the world's quietest
fridge you're very impressed by the
fridge is so quiet I like the barbecue
you could you could like have an entire
pig on it okay so but last night Hank
and I were talking about the fact that
we both have thousands and thousands of
outstanding friend requests on Facebook
because Facebook believes that you can
only have 5,000 friends yes Facebook
does not understand the internet it does
not understand art fight area so our
solution is that we have changed our
facebook pages to pages that can have
more than 5,000 friends so
now if you want to be friends with us
you can link in the doobly-doo and
lastly even though I have a broken rib
have I mentioned that to you Hank
you haven't mentioned it to me the worst
which is worth coughing or hiccuping ah
last night I got the hiccups and it was
like torture you made me laugh what was
the joke I can't remember oh it wasn't
something we can tell nerdfighters well
hold on is it I'm gonna pause the camera
Hank's gonna retell me the joke and then
I'll tell you if we can tell it we can't
tell you yeah even though I have a
broken rib and I was attacked by a giant
baby we are thinking about doing some
exercises while we here over the weekend
but we need your exercise suggestions
specifically nerd exercises as I just
recently had an idea that's a stretch
called I've dropped something behind the
desk and it's like uh it's I think it
might be a zip drive I don't even know
why I still have that thing uh give your
phone your pocket um no why when Hank I
will see you on Monday
