good morning Hank it's Tuesday so our
dad is a documentary filmmaker and when
we were growing up he worked on movies
about everything from water in Florida
to education in Alaska and I guess
there's a case to be made that we
followed in his footsteps by creating
non-fiction video except I don't really
think of like this as a documentary this
is more you know like very short podcast
featuring facial expressions which is a
genre of nonfiction video that is far
less expensive and time-consuming than
documentaries and also requires less
talent for visual storytelling which is
great because even after more than ten
years I'm still pretty bad at editing
video but one thing I did inherit from
dad is a really deep love for
documentary films like Hank as you know
my dream job has always been you know
what I'm about to date myself but there
used to be this widely adopted
technology called a cable television
basically you would pay a monthly fee in
exchange for access to lots of video
content so it was sort of like Netflix
except for some reason you still had to
watch advertisements it was a weird time
but anyway there were these cable
stations that just showed old movies all
day like one of them was called Turner
Classic Movies
and before the movie started there would
always be this person it would introduce
the movie to you and talk about some
historical context and who the stars
were now it occurs to me in retrospect
that the introducer probably existed
mostly to make the movie longer like if
you could stretch a 90-minute movie into
a hundred twenty minutes of content then
you could add eight minutes of
advertising but when I was a kid that
was my dream job to be an introducer but
not of regular movies of documentaries
these days documentaries are a lot
easier to discover than they were when I
was a kid Netflix for instance has an
excellent and extensive library but
still many of my favorite documentaries
aren't on Netflix like I'm thinking of
the 7up series where a filmmaker has
checked in every seven years with a
group of people since they were kids in
the 1960s or herbin dorothea movie about
a postal worker and a librarian living
in New York City who became two of the
world's leading art collectors for the
classic complaints of a dutiful daughter
a gut-wrenching and sometimes hilarious
movie about a woman whose mother has
Alzheimer's for slavery by another name
a movie about the failures of
Reconstruction and the post-civil war
United States there are so many great
documentaries and so few of them ever
find a broad audience but it's again my
favorite genre of documentary with the
nature documentary where you can see
animals in the wild like fighting to
survive I love nature dogs because they
felt like a glimpse into a world
without us I mean they almost never
include humans in the frame and there's
something magical about that but of
course in real life humans can't be
separated from nature I mean we're
currently nature's most important
species and the choices were making
affect every other species on earth and
that's what I love so much about the
movie Teddy and why I wanted us to help
in its distribution kenny uses all the
conventions of the nature documentary
you get the beautiful cinematography the
fight scenes the plucky underdog is
struggling to survive the parents caring
for babies but it doesn't exclude humans
from the story instead we see the
connecting points between a city and its
people and its cat it is a nature
documentary that acknowledges that
humans are part of nature and it shows
that life for cats is sometimes tender
and sometimes cold and always
unpredictable as it is for humans now I
know that Kenny is currently only
available via purchase or YouTube read
and that makes it inaccessible to a lot
of you one of the big challenges with
documentaries is that it's really hard
to fund them on advertising revenue
alone which is why so few of them are
available on free streaming services at
least legally but regardless if you do
have a chance to see it someday I really
hope you do it's a wonderful movie while
I'm fulfilling my dream of being an
introducer to other recommendations if
you live in the United States PBS has
some excellent documentaries that are
actually available for free also
wherever you live there is a free and
ongoing documentary project that you
might enjoy called the road to
nerdfighteria about how different people
found this little corner of the internet
and what it means to them they're still
accepting submissions and it's a really
wonderful series links in the doobly-doo
below Hank I will see you on Friday and
screen Hank I'll actually won't see you
on Friday that was misleading and I
apologize but I'm going to be taking
like a week or possibly two weeks away
from the internet to focus on some
writing things but there will be a video
next Tuesday it's just that I recorded
it in advance okay check out Quetta get
the road tuner criteria bye
