good morning John it's Monday about a
week ago I woke up at six o'clock in the
morning not because I had to get on a
plane I was being dragged out of bed
by some ridiculous circumstance for
because I wanted to watch the sunrise
because I had something that I haven't
seen in a while
I brushed my teeth and then I stretched
my back out for a little while because
apparently I'm a little bit too old to
lay on the ground all night without
being a little bit stiff Katherine and I
were at a working ranch in the
Centennial valley pretty close to
Wyoming pretty close to Idaho but still
in Montana there's horses and there's
cows and if there is a know we're in the
lower 48 to be in the middle of John we
were in the middle of it this ranch that
we were on is about a 40 mile drive away
from a place called Minh Ida Minh Ida as
you might imagine is the very creative
name of a town that is on the border of
Montana and Idaho what you might not
imagine this thatman Ida has a
population of two people total as far as
I can tell all the man Ida has is this
amazing sagging barn that I've seen lots
of pictures of on the internet some
closed down shops and in the distance a
school bus graveyard so yes man Ida not
a bustling metropolis and we were about
50 miles away from it
awaiting the marriage of two of my
favorite people so there's no getting
away from the fact that suddenly my
somewhere had become pretty close to
most people's nowhere though apparently
no matter whether you're somewhere or
nowhere there are still 6-inch spikes of
Steel that will get embedded into your
tire and you will be extremely grateful
to have a very good spare tire because
you are in the middle of nowhere and the
alternative to changing your tire is
sitting there thirsty and hungry hoping
beyond hope that someone drives by which
they might do once every 24 hours or so
and everywhere we looked there was more
proof that we were know where these
giant tanks for gasoline and diesel for
example because you know you're not
going to drive your truck a 200 mile
round-trip to get gasoline and yeah the
outhouses were still in use because that
is just how they do things out here in
nowhere right after I film that footage
of those outhouses I was bounding back
to my group of friends and stepped in a
WhistlePig hole WhistlePig look it up
and I came crashing to the ground
writhing in agony trying not to vomit
from the pain and Catherine runs up to
me of course thinking oh my god the
nearest hospital is
hundred miles away it wasn't actually
500 miles away I have looked it up it's
a hundred and seventy-nine miles away I
had a sprained ankle not even a very
badly sprained ankle but nonetheless
driving home the idea that this is kind
of nowhere but mostly outside because I
didn't get to dance at the wedding
reception we've laid down grids and
drawn all kinds of imaginary lines and
even put satellites up in space to prove
that every place is a place as if
without that knowledge the cows wouldn't
be screaming in the fields for their
recently weaned calves that they no
longer can see making a noise that
proves to you over and over again that
cows can say a heck of a lot more than
Moo as if trumpeter swans and sandhill
cranes aren't resting here where they
can get a little bit of respite from the
insanity of human creation just because
what we see out our windows becomes what
we think of as the world doesn't mean
that there isn't a whole globe out there
doing its thing being itself making life
possible 139 miles from the nearest
hospital at least subconsciously feels
like not part of my world and want to
think about that sunrise thought I woke
up to that morning I just feel like I
got as close to nowhere as I could get
and found out that it was more of a
place than anywhere I've been in a long
time
jongseo and Wednesday
