I have to turn it down for copyright
reasons good morning John
I have to make a makeup tutorial today
and I realized that I have no makeup
catherine has no makeup and no one we
know has makeup because we are in the
social group of people who do not
highly-prized the evenness of one skin
so we're going to target I'm very
comfortable here
it's my target it spent a lot of time
here though I admit that I haven't spent
a lot of time in the makeup aisle so
Catherine and I were walking up and down
the makeup aisle and I've seen all these
beautiful fancy people on the walls and
in the aisles and I was trying to think
of myself who do I really admire who
wears makeup first thing him in my mind
was Katniss Everdeen the protagonist of
The Hunger Games in the opening
ceremonies of the Hunger Games they talk
a lot about profession and she's totally
into it so think about that and I came
to the book section to check this out
and actually read about what Katniss is
wearing at the opening ceremonies the
first Hunger Games and here's what it
says my face is relatively clear of
makeup just a bit of highlighting here
and there and that's all it says about
Katniss's make up the the outfit of
course is much more sensational than
that but I think that that's the look
that I am going to go for not a lot of
makeup just a bit of highlighting here
and there a little bit worried about
getting the one that features Ellen's
face because it makes me feel old that
is a lot of ingredients I don't know if
you know this but shaving hurts
sometimes it stings just where I don't
like to do it so I'm gonna start with my
foundation of course and I'm gonna be
doing misslisa tea with my glasses on
and you will say oh my god Hank you look
so weird with your glasses off I don't
have no idea how to get this open it's
like they've stuck it inside of a single
block of hard plastic I have no idea how
to open this God what kind of woman is
strong enough to do oh there we go I did
it and this is I think how makeup works
I need a shed that in my eye that
doesn't feel good blend it into the neck
there okay that's looking good so what
I'm going for here is like you know
district 12 kind of smoky but subtle
look I'm going to attempt that with this
silver shimmer eyeshadow which I'm going
to put around the edges to give kind of
a sparkle then I have this which is dark
with a with a nice white highlight that
I think will give us a really good
dramatic smoky look in fact it says on
the back of this dramatic smoky look how
do you put makeup on your eyes if you
have to see how your eyes are closed but
they have to be open how do you do this
I look like I've been beaten with a hose
now I'm gonna go with white across the
brow bone here it's just so
counterintuitive why the hell would
anyone do this why would you put a stick
in your eye I don't know if you people
thought I was gonna take this quite so
seriously yeah oh that's bad
ma Thoreau who I am the worst at putting
on oh that's not coming off since I did
a little bit of extra fun with my eyes
I'm gonna be very simple with my lips it
was the third time I put on makeup for
the vlogbrothers video this does smells
good
so I wanted a cool look nice dark smoky
district 12 look and this is what I'm
going for and if I had ever put on
makeup before in my life I think that it
would have been really awesome
this is my Katniss Everdeen look
everybody I hope that you enjoyed it and
tomorrow you can go buy Mockingjay the
next book in The Hunger Games series
which I am extremely excited about and
of course tomorrow is also John's
birthday but I'm not gonna talk about
that right now
I will say that while I was waiting for
mocking G to come out I read the
shipbreaker by Paolo Bacigalupi two
nerdfighter symbols up for Paolo
Bacigalupi
the shipbreaker you should check it out
thank you ladies for putting on makeup
for special occasions but I think that
it's important to note that we guys we
think you're pretty all the time because
you're beautiful
John you will see me and a lot of
nerdfighters tomorrow
Bertram that I have no idea how to get
this off of my fish now that I have it
on so I think I'm just gonna get up in
ol barn edit my video like this no one's
watching
