I woke up in London at 7:00 Oh brush my
teeth took a shower and walked down to
this famous shopping street on the way
to the tube which had this department
store that ordered me to lust for this
red purse it used to be it was enough
just to want to have a handbag but now
we're so demented with the mania of
owning things that you have to feel
sexually attracted to your handbags
immediately thereafter I got Starbucks
and felt the waves of hypocrisy wash
over me
hey myself then I was on an amazingly
fast escalator and then an amazingly
fast train and there's Alex date right
and there's Charlie so cool like who was
watching wheezy waiter on YouTube when
we arrived at their flat hi I'm charlie
then Charlie made me some of his famous
tea which tastes like a triple rainbow
and then Alex read a quiz to me from his
favorite Woman's Weekly magazine which
is called pick me up to which he has a
two year subscription another five is
mrs. Steven have you ever cool chlamydia
then we did what YouTube nerds do when
they meet in real life we watched
YouTube got on the train again then I
went to Piccadilly Circus to meet up
with ding master Tom leav I am
nerdfighter Toby ah Stu who my half of
Will Grayson Will Grayson is dedicated
where'd we go Tom fun land consisted
mostly of committing simulated murder
Tobias played a game and I am NOT making
this up called elevator action death
parade then we saw Leicester Square and
Big Ben and this guy's head and a place
where Sir Isaac Newton had lived in a
huge line that someone had widely
covered in metal to keep him from
attacking and his busted bust of the
ampere mentioned Isaac Newton which
reminded me of the last words of an
American general how do I look in the
face then I got to hang out with lots of
nerdfighters at a bookstore they wanted
to say good morning yes one of them had
a ukulele version of your guitar and a
lot of them were in the pen15 club but
then my secret sister Rosie and I headed
to the East End to this basement club
called ice father nation where I was
scheduled to read while Edie Plante Tom
Milsom and Alex Day were scheduled to
play music
my father nation isn't the sort of place
that hosts a lot of book signings and at
first I was really nervous that no one
was going to show up but then I went
upstairs and the line was like this and
I got worried that too many people had
shown up which was in fact the case so
we ended up having to have two separate
shows one anais father nation
and one in the waiting room upstairs it
was a totally magical night at least for
me at one point the club's owner came up
to me and said this is the most people
we've had since Mick Jagger's son played
here that mitad Lee I didn't know Mick
Jagger had a son but still anyway
everybody wanted to say hello to you of
course then I stayed up almost all night
and got on a train to Edinburgh when one
is travelling there's quite a lot of
travelling involved cows then I was in n
BER with lots of made of awesome
nerdfighters at the top of this
beautiful hill which I described with my
trademark eloquence it's all skal indeed
they wanted to say good morning Hank
sometimes I feel like my job is to go
around the world and make sure that
every single person who wants to say
good morning to you has the opportunity
to do so
it was just impossibly beautiful up
there with me over the city and songs
RuPaul was singing songs from Paul and
everything was so utterly Hogwarts Ian
oh and there was this thing in Edinburgh
this thing is called the folly because
they were trying to build a replica of
the Parthenon but then they ran out of
money so they only got this for some
reason looking at the following made me
think about fun land and that person
Newton's bust Hank I know it doesn't
feel this way all the time but we get to
choose what we care about and what we
spend our resources on we choose one or
ideally whom to lust after we choose
what to watch what - like what to build
how to spend the breaths that we've been
allotted and the fact that many of our
choices are unconscious get that handbag
get that Starbucks look at that Snookie
does not in any way make us less
responsible for those choices I'm
happiest when I feel like I'm part of
the community that helps me choose more
intelligently and with greater empathy
and I for one like the choices we made
this weekend so thanks to nerdfighteria
and thanks to you Hank I'll see you on
Wednesday
