good morning John I have a frustration
with one of the ways that the world
works the more attention and money you
have the more you can use that attention
and money to get more attention and
money which is the way that attention
and money consolidate this process makes
things less equal in just our works and
I fall into this trap because I have
more resources now and I tend to want to
push them towards the things that we're
working on whether that's scishow or
crash course or dear Hank and John as I
will be doing that next week or a thing
that I'm excited about in the next
week's dear Hank and John if you want to
know more about it I'm going to right
now turn some of the attention that is
on me on to things that I freaking love
one the brain scoop just really loved it
and emily is amazing you haven't checked
it out lately do that to the applied
science YouTube channel watching this
guy try to take a picture of toothpaste
with an electron microscope is almost as
entertaining as watching him build a
refrigerator that is cooled by
rubberband three super Sam stuff and
also so many other vloggers that are
really good every time I find somebody
like Sam I get super excited or we're
going to do some podcast from the middle
here Tannis it's amazing and creepy and
lovely and weird and I can't say
anything more than that without ruining
a criminal there's a lot of really great
crime podcasts out there this is my
favorite one personally six you must
remember this with Corinna Longworth
she's so good she's so smart she knows
so much in the history of Hollywood is
so fascinating and also applicable to my
life and number seven my last podcast a
humanized me which is a podcast of like
secular community building and also
other stuff by a guy who was formerly a
big deal in the evangelical Christianity
community eight Steven septic and also
all of the other former sourcefed hosts
but Steven's content is so weird
and great and hilarious nine evylyn from
the internet who always makes me laugh
but also I feel very welcomed into her
content and also like it gives me a
chance to see stuff from a different
perspective 10-zip Nass linguistics and
six figures eleven Lindsey Ellis who
always makes me laugh she has really
strong community and she always has
amazing takes on whatever content or
cultural things she's talking about well
this one video from a channel that has a
bunch of great videos but it's called
how does do science it is the best video
that could exist on how science works 13
miles Chronicles don't
drink while watching this chant I mean
like any like not like get drunk I mean
like don't drink and you'll spray and
choke it's hilarious and of course no
list of underappreciated media would be
complete without the great gunnarolla
there's so much great creation in the
world and we are definitionally going to
miss out on most a lot of it's going to
happen in languages we don't understand
in cultures that we're not a part of in
places will never go or see as an
example the first time I watched Hetty
in the background just for a moment I
saw this piece of graffiti the street
art and I'm a sucker for street art for
good design for cats and the image
struck me so hard that I was like I what
I talked to this person I would have put
that cat on a shirt and I want to sell
it I want this person to get paid where
they never thought they were going to be
paid for the really amazing art you may
have even noticed me shouting into the
void of social media being like can
anyone get me in touch with this person
I tried like 30 different ways I got
within one degree of separation four or
five different times I talked to people
who knew him or had known him and
couldn't get in touch with him right now
and so I gave up I was bummed about it
but I gave and then a couple of weeks
ago I got an email and in the subject
line nothing in the body in the subject
I said I am Turkish Street artist
Ketut is dead and we are now selling his
product on dftba.com there's a week-long
pre-order different shirt designs both
of them on a unisex or a woman's cut and
also a lapel pin of the original cat
that I first saw I love that are newly
connected more global society gives us
an opportunity to see more of the cool
creations and for more people to create
professionally and I think that we
should work to take advantage of these
really cool opportunities that this
connection brings us John there are
links to all of the things that I talked
about that I super super love down in
the description i hope that you people
check them out and love them too and I
will see you on Tuesday
