good morning Hank it's Wednesday and my
day went like this I got up at 5:30 a.m.
because apparently babies don't know
about time zones and Birmingham is one
hour behind Indianapolis even though
longitudinally they are basically
indistinguishable from one another which
is the kind of thing that really annoys
me at 5:30 in the morning
stupid time zones then I made some
coffee and felt better and then since I
was up I figured I might as well drive
down to my high school alma mater Indian
Springs school so my first novel Looking
for Alaska is about a guy from Florida
who is obsessed with the dying words of
famous people and then leaves home to go
to a boarding school in Alabama and I
myself was once a guy from Florida who
was obsessed with the dying words of
famous people and then left home to go
to a boarding school in Alabama ah
traffic jam it took me like half an hour
to get through this but you're gonna get
through it instantaneously anyway
looking for Alaska is fictional but the
setting really isn't the school in the
book is called Culver Creek but it is
almost inch for inch the same place that
Indian spring school was in 1995 so it's
always a little weird to go back because
there's the interstate exit and there's
sunny convenience kiosk and there's kusa
liquors where they cater to your
spiritual needs and here is the Swan and
the Octagon achill cafeteria and the
beautiful view from the classroom
windows and here is the swing where
Alaska and miles have their first
conversation where Alaska tells miles
the last words of Simone Bolivar dammit
how will I ever get out of this
labyrinth so it's still summer which
means no students and also that it is
hot like a hundred three degrees but
just as they say it isn't the heat so
much as it's the humidity
actually it's also the heat so the
school was quiet in a way that it never
got during the school year and for a
minute I felt like I was walking through
a ghost town but then I realized that I
was the ghost there were only two places
I really needed to see so I walked past
the fancy new dorms and past the
student-run vegetable garden and then
down to the first place this bridge of a
Bishop's Creek in both Looking for
Alaska and real-life the concrete
outcropping beneath this bridge was
known as the smoking hole I could tell
that it had been a while since anyone
had been here because the briars had
grown into a tangle over the paths I
hadn't been down here in 15 years but it
looked the exact same as my memory
except with no cigarette butts maybe I
thought at first people just don't smoke
anymore which would be awesome but then
I started to worry that this slab of
rock had simply been forgotten that
there'd been a break in the secret line
of communication that handed down the
smoking hold from one generation to the
next and that made me feel old like I
was in love with the place that had been
forgotten and I was feeling pretty sorry
for my old ass self when I happened to
look up and see an Emily Dickinson quote
her fiend on the wall
apparently in two
eight well you can imagine the nostalgia
Hank down there where I have loved in
law staring down at this creek that ran
through my adolescence feeling comforted
by the knowledge that our legacy was
well maintained by the students of today
with their dick and Sounion birth et and
I'm walking back up at the very pinnacle
of this fit of sentimentality and then
BAM stung by a bee ah bee sting bee
sting bee sting oh ah oh that hurts
Oh daddy that's always how it goes Hank
you're just trying to romanticize your
frickin past for one second and then a
frickin bee comes along and stings you
on the very top of your left butt cheek
ruining everything of course then I had
to call Sarah and tell I'd been stung by
a bee because it is a medically proven
fact that the only thing that lessens
the pain of a bee sting is whining to
your wife these trampolines are just
close enough to each other to invite
poor decisions and just far enough apart
to punish those poor decisions
eventually I found myself in the second
place there used to be a barn in this
field a barn where I first told a girl I
loved her and where I spent my first
all-nighter studying world history by
flashlight while drinking astonishingly
bad wine Emily Dickinson wrote that
success is counted sweetest by those who
NER succeed and so to youth is counted
sweetest by those who are no longer
young nostalgia is inevitably a yearning
for a past that never existed and when
I'm writing there are no bees to sting
me out of my sentimentality for me at
least fiction is the only way I can even
begin to twist my Lying memories into
something true Hank I'll see you on
Friday
