good morning John I love you ah Oh
okay moving on we are now the 81st most
subscribed channel on YouTube and I
mention this only because 81st is a very
important number it marks as high as we
will go in the charts we are about to be
made eighty second by the most amazing
Toby Turner I get really excited when
people that I like a lot to start
passing us in the subscription charts
and after you watch his literal Harry
Potter trailer you will know that he
deserves 81st more than we do Waja
shocked Katherine's family is still in
town we were having a whirlwind of epic
family adventures we only get to see
them about once a year so it's important
to back in the love so let's look at
some of that we went to Green Oak Park
which Katharine and I used to live right
across from and I really loved the place
and I like to throw rocks and Kathryn
likes to build stuff out of rocks so
it's good to know that at least in some
ways she has the female instincts of
let's build things together and I have
the male then instinct the rock star
rocks and Jesse my nephew saw his very
first real live deer here in Green Hill
Park and I was very excited and he was
very excited and he wanted to go hug it
and I told him that when people approach
wild animals oftentimes they get
attacked and hurt very seriously and it
turned out that this was a little bit
too much information for him to handle
but it's true and then we went to see
Jesse's very first baseball game it was
a lot of firsts for him I think it's
really important that whenever you're
having new experiences you start out
with kind of a subpar experience
otherwise you don't really have anywhere
to go from there
like your first apartment should be a
hole in the wall and the toilet should
be right next to the bed with no wall or
door between you that's how you should
start so that every time you get a new
apartment and there's there's a door
between your bed and the toilet like
that feels like a significant upgrade in
your life in it and those upgrades make
you really happy which is why I think it
is important for Jesse's first baseball
game to be the missoula osprey who
happened to be the worst team in the
minor estava minor leagues generally
really we didn't rally I go for the
peanuts to be totally honest then Jesse
had to go which is sad but also kind of
relief because he's a little bit
high-maintenance that make me sound like
a Decepticon for saying that oh well it
didn't mean the Katherine's parents and
I could go on more longer excursions out
of town which we did to the National
Bison Range hey Katherine
huh what are the Buffalo say to his son
when he went off to college I don't know
what did he say bye son
huh
I walked up to this huge pile of antlers
which had been collected over the years
and then stuck down onto a pole so that
it looked as if there was a huge pile of
antlers and then I had I had on how I
hit my head on it and there were
grasshoppers everywhere like plague
level every time you'd move they would
explode from the ground then I found out
some amazing information about bison who
looked docile and slow and peaceful but
can run as fast as a horse and are
extremely aggressive this videotape is
owned by the US government so I can show
it to you and I don't have to worry
about copyright problems the guy was
fine but the point is clear never
approached wildlife and though at the
National Bison Range we saw bighorn
sheep and pronghorn antelope and a baby
mule deer and a lot more than that we
didn't get up close to very many bison
except for this dead stuffed one at the
visitor's center but the dead stuffed
bison was pretty impressive
very beautiful and really a very amazing
animal that we almost drove into
extinction due to our ignorance in AH
nobody wants to see that then we went to
a restaurant outside of the National
Bison Range where they serve bison
burgers which I feel like is kind of
weird like you you got a taste the thing
that you just enjoyed looking at I don't
understand exactly why I think that's
weird like the animals aren't coming
from the Bison range they're like half
cow have bison in there on ranges and
they can't be wild anyways and I just
realized that my wallet is made out of
Bisons mother so I'm going to shut up
now and that's oh I'll see you on Friday
