good morning Hank it's Monday I'll get
second Willie I'm trying to film along
good morning Hank it's Monday August 2nd
2010 unless you live in Australia in
which case it is Tuesday August 3rd 2010
which means that at least in Australia
it is nerdfighter Esther 16th birthday
today
aka Esther day so when I met Esther in
Boston I promised her that on her
birthday in perpetuity we would make
videos about whatever she wanted us to
make videos about and yesterday she got
back to me with what she wants Esther
day to be all about and she said she
wants it to be about family and love ah
isn't it enough just to show you that I
love you without having to talk about it
I'm a boy I don't like to talk about it
but it's Esther day so we're gonna talk
about family and love okay so there's
this restaurant near my house called
hotcakes Emporium pancake house
restaurant it's a very long name
hotcakes Emporium pancake house
restaurant let's just shorten it to
heifer right so on the menu would ever
they have a side dish called freedom
fries which look and taste like french
fries but they're not french fries
because they're freedom fries not like
you may remember that in 2003 some
members of the US Congress got mad at
France because France did not believe
there was a link between Iraq and
al-qaeda they got so mad at France that
in the congressional cafeteria they
renamed french fries freedom fries and
french toast
freedom toast I'm not entirely sure why
France would even want to be associated
with french fries which first of all are
not French they're Belgian and second of
all they're very bad for you it's like
if there was an independent nation
called a heroine and we got mad at it
and we are like we're renaming heroin
freedom the nation of heroin would
probably be like thank you but anyway
Hank apparently Heffer is still mad at
France so they still call french fries
freedom fries which leads me to an
interesting question is a freedom fry a
french fry tank there's famous moment in
the play Romeo and Juliet where Juliet
says that which we call a rose by any
other name would smell as sweet
Juliet's saying it what we call
something doesn't matter the only thing
that matters is the thing itself as it
really is but spoiler alert it's worth
noting that that worldview does not
actually spell success for Romeo and
Juliet I would argue Hank that there's
ample evidence that the words we use to
describe the things we feel Matt that in
fact french fries and freedom fries are
not the same thing a french fry is a
delicious albeit carcinogenic food and a
freedom fry is a really stupid political
statement need more stupid by the fact
that all American political parties now
acknowledge that we were wrong and the
French were right so maybe we should
just quietly go back to calling them
french fries let me give you another
hypothetical example Hank say you love
your brother but you don't actually want
to say you love him because there's just
a lot of emotion and stuff built up over
the last 30 years so hypothetically
maybe you just say you liked him and
then try to show him you love him you
know by like having thousands of people
plant tens of thousands of trees for his
birthday or something I don't know what
the thing is that is not actually the
same thing as telling your brother you
love him which i think is what Esther
wants me to do and maybe what Esther
wants all of us to do so maybe yesterday
is the day where we think who do I love
who I have trouble saying I love you too
not some romantic interest that's just
using Esther day as an excuse to tell
someone you love them that you already
want to tell them no I mean family or
platonic friends which for me is even
harder than family Hank I love you and
your punishment is that you have to do a
makeup tutorial you know in the style of
YouTube makeup tutorials deadlines
September 1st
so nerdfighters join with Esther and me
and tell someone you love that you love
them today and if you're feeling
exhibitionistic let us know who it's
hard to say I love you too in comments
happy birthday Esther Hank I'll see you
on Wednesday
