good morning Hank it's Wednesday off its
reorganization project I thought it
would take your lead and show you my
Saturday the day that YouTube asked all
of us to share our life in a day I got
up around 9:00 it was raining in Munich
and I didn't have any readings or school
visits scheduled that day so I got on
the train trans here and I went into the
city centre because there was this watch
I wanted to get per Sarah and also
because I wanted to get Henry a present
I got off the train of marienplatz and
looked around for the store that
supposedly sold the watch I wanted but I
didn't know where the place was I don't
know where the place is then I found it
they were having a sale that apparently
involved price reductions of undefined
percentages I got the watch I hope she
likes it she liked it so then I walked
around looking for a toy store for Henry
I love Munich and I love being in cities
with lots of other people because I'm
reminded that there are billions of
people like me and we are each stuck
inside of our minds feverishly trying to
crawl out to make connections with other
people also I really like umbrellas it's
like I have a roof I carry it with me
umbrellas always amused me then I gave
across a bookstore and I decided to go
and they were having the same vague sale
as the other place not only did they
have my books but while I was in the
store I ran into an actual reader of my
books who was there to pick up an
English copy of Paper Towns I couldn't
believe it I was so excited I had to get
video of us together I've never walked
into a bookstore even in America and had
someone recognize me when I was looking
for my own books I'm a little bit
embarrassed but mostly delighted right
now I am looking at a taxicab that
almost hit and killed me but swerved at
the last second thereby saving my life
none of which I caught on video so I
kept looking for a toy store which I
didn't find but I did run into this
women's soccer game in downtown Munich
this guy was watching them play I still
can't tell if his facial expression is
heroic or pervy this sign reminds us
that people with legs of different
lengths should stick together then I
started to vlog about something but
these church bells started up I kept
waiting for them to go away but they
wouldn't they were so loud that I
couldn't even tell where they were
coming from the bells just seemed to be
omnipresent which in retrospect I guess
is probably the point anyway eventually
I figured out that the bells were coming
from this church I went inside and that
a candle for a friend of mine was sick
but I didn't film that because it felt
private and then finally I found a toy
store and I bought Henry a little wooden
train then I got back on the real
training went to my hotel and changed
shirts because I had to do this TV
interview and then I walked over to
white Ravens Book Festival which is why
I was in eunuch in the first place
so the Seoul Children's Literature
Festival was at this outrageously nice
castle first built in the 15th century
which is now the largest international
children's literature library in the
world that night there was a hilarious
reading from this book by a guy named
Michel Gerard Bower about a kid called
Ishmael first like a read scenes from
the book in English all of a minute I'll
check I think she's in the shower in the
show and then a German actor read in
German okay so in this very funny book
Michael wrote some song lyrics and then
at the end of the night this miraculous
thing happened a German band made up
Oakley of doctors got together and made
the songs for Michael's book real and
then Michael got to sing along which was
of course amazing because the secret
dream of every novelist is to be a
rockstar oh yeah
so the English lyrics of this Australian
book come to life inside of a 15th
century castle in Munich and on this day
Hank that's what I loved I loved our
hyper connectedness and our ease of
movement that words written in Australia
can become songs in Germany that the
little stories I write in my basement
can bring me to a place like eunuch that
trains and planes and Skype make us all
so close to each other and my fear I
just hope that five hundred years from
now the castles that we have made for
ourselves will still be there and that
there will still be people and music and
stories to populate them Hank I got a
catalogue of these books I'll see you on
Friday
