good morning John it's Saturday the day
of YouTube's live in a day project a day
in which they're asking the entire world
to document their lives they're asking
everyone to answer three questions the
first one is what is in your pocket well
I've got my pocket is my droid x
brand-new phone very fancy as big as
it's like holding an iPad up to my ear t
mungus this is my waterproof camera
which I'm going to use later finally the
only other thing I have in my pocket is
my pills I have to take these every day
without further ado John let's go see my
day so since it was a pretty busy day
unfortunately we did a lot of driving so
that's how we're just gonna start out
we're gonna start out driving to the
farmers market the farmers market is a
pretty big deal in Missoula and we
started off by getting some food because
we were very hungry this guy made
Katherine fried egg sandwich he also
made a fried egg sandwich for about a
thousand other people it was pretty
amazing to watch and then this girl made
me some peanut curry or at least she
ladled some peanut curry on to some rice
for me it turned out to be one of the
hottest days of the year and earlier
that day we had seen one of lemons
coping strategies for hot days oh my god
this dog has us totally whipped so the
market was packed pretty much all of the
best veggies were there so we loaded up
and then we watched some guys juggle
which after having seen root Berry
perform wasn't as impressive as it used
to be and then we went over to the Clark
Fork where there's a kayak wave and they
were kayakers and this still looks very
impressive to me and then back to the
car to our community garden plot which
we have because our condo does not have
a yard so we love to garden we must have
a community garden plot I'm at my garden
I just picked a bunch of dill and my
fingers smell like dill some of my
onions are falling over which means it's
time to pull them all the flour oh yes
it is hot it is hot and summery we have
some flowers here too John you don't got
to go to Germany to see sunflowers
that's a big leap mmm
that is a beautiful beach mmm look at
this beautiful bounty of wonderful food
people just putting in their hard work
making food for themselves this land is
actually owned by the cemetery it's over
there that we get it really cheap on the
provision that if they want it they can
have it at any point to bury more dead
people and more dead people well there's
no dead people in here right now
we drove over to see some friends who
are visiting from Portland and then back
to the car know at a friend's house
taking care for chickens she raises
chickens for a living this isn't like
her personal flock or anything and then
of course my very good part splash
Montana I grew up in Florida so by my
standard is like it's adorably quaint
and tiny water park so mostly we just
lounged around Katherine ate a horrible
thing that was delicious it's basically
the kind of stuff that you would find in
a taco and they put it on top of
Magneto's but we did go on some slides
and while I was on one slide I entered
the second question which is what am I
afraid of and then later that night we
were walking and Katherine saw this sign
and she made up a song about it
here it goes one large two top sticks
and two pops all for $16 staff the beach
spot line and John I never did answer
the last question which is what do you
love and I just find that to be a very
difficult question to answer because I
would just be talking for a long long
time I could just list all the things in
this video I love juggling and I love
farmers markets and I love babies and
Friends and Katherine and Doritos and
water parks I love all those things I
love video I love making video and I
love what it represents so thanks to
everyone who's involved in this from
John who had the idea in the first place
to everyone who watches who makes this
you know possible so thank you and John
I will see you on Wednesday
