so as I've been walking around Munich I
keep seeing people with surfboards and
I'm like listen I'm not a geographer but
where's the ocean there's the ocean I'm
coming to you today in a field of
sunflowers because well because I can
let's walk
showing on your video on Wednesday you
discussed an encounter with Snooki a
reality television show star I sort of
knew who's Snooki was but I wasn't
totally confident so after I watched
your video I went to check her out on
Twitter and Hank what I discovered
troubled me it's raining let's go inside
now I think a lot of people say that
grammar and spelling aren't that
important and certainly their importance
can be exaggerated but the reason
grammar and spelling exist is to make
communicative experiences as clear and
transparent as possible so today Hank
we're gonna look at some recent Snooki
tweets to see how poor grammar and
spelling can lead to confusion and
threesomes
Snooki tweets everyone stop having heart
attacks when I miss an apostrophe or
coma or period don't want to pop a blood
vessel in your eyeballs okay first off
Snooki I'm not the one who should be
concerned when you miss a period
secondly I'm certainly sympathetic to
the occasional apostrophe mistake but I
am deeply concerned when anyone misses a
coma
I mean Snooki I realized that you are
not a trained medical professional but
still comas should be relatively easy to
spot the only excuse for missing a coma
is being in a coma another example
Snooki tweets I wish I didn't freeze up
when I saw Mark Wahlberg at the MTV
Movie Awards because he is so bangin FML
mark comeback wall let me submit that
Mark Wahlberg might be somewhat more
inclined to believe that you are a big
fan if you knew that he spelled his name
with a K and now Hank let's move on to
the equally troubling problem of poor
grammar now I'm gonna go past the small
stuff like the fact that Snooki
repeatedly refers to groups of men as
packs of gorillas even though we all
know that a group of gorillas is called
a troop I'm not even going to get into
these strange and fascinating the racist
habit of calling your followers tweet
OHS but Hank check this out Snooki
tweets I like pink roses and long walks
on the beach and holding your hand with
margaritas and the other this time of
year huh hey this is very difficult to
that's two parts but so far as I can
tell there are three possibilities
first possibility Snooki has freakishly
large hand that allow her to hold her
boyfriend's hand with one hand and
plural margaritas with the other hand
possibility number two Snooki has more
than two hands at least three possibly
many more so that she has one hand with
which to hold her boyfriend's hand and
then two or more hands with which to
hold margaritas and lastly and most
disturbingly possibility number three
given Snooki's hatred of apostrophes and
capitalizations it is possible that
Snooki is imagining some kind of menage
tois with her boyfriend and a woman
named margarita as in this time of year
I like pink roses long walks on the
beach and holding your hand with
margaritas and the other hey this is why
grammar is important because without it
we can't tell if Snooki is polyamorous
ly inclined whereas a secret third hand
no Mike I want to emphasize that Snooki
is not stupid we all make spelling
mistakes I mean you misspelled Snooki's
name in your Wednesday video and
although it's my job not to I make
grammatical mistakes all the time but
Snooki doesn't value language and she
doesn't care about the quality of
discourse in our society and I wonder
when we celebrate those people instead
of people who use language precisely and
thoughtfully and we end up with really
crappy discourse whether it's on the
Jersey Shore or in Congress tank Munich
is lovely my punishment sounds horrible
so thanks for that nerdfighters please
keep suggesting punishments for Hank in
comments I read them all Hank you'll
find out your punishment on Wednesday
but I'll see you first on Monday best
wishes
