so Hank you just got said hello to buy
several nerdfighters including Esther or
as she's known on the Internet
crazy crayon thank you know Esther she
helps run the constantly updating spew
of awesome known as f yet nerdfighters
link in the doobly-doo she also has
cancer which sucks this weekend a bunch
of her friends got to go up to Boston to
visit her and I went and visited with
them for a day and it was an amazing day
of amazing and it made me really proud
to be a nerdfighter to see these
relationships that began online and
nerdfighteria be so sustaining and
meaningful IRL so what we do oh we all
wrote silly questions on this volleyball
and then we would throw each other the
volleyball and answer the questions like
I had to answer what color my underwear
was the question is what color is your
underwear but it says panties I guess in
case you don't know what underwear is
it's black with little white palm trees
then we had to decide which Harry Potter
character Esther would be she's a big
Harry Potter fan more on that in a
second I don't know who I'd be it'd be a
mix of Luna Luna half one and a half
Dumbledore mmm
yeah that'd be a very beauty then we
tried to have a puff fight but it turned
into a head-butting contest as puff
fights so often do yeah I don't know it
was a lot more shape to it
Oh too much too much I was ahead but
yeah then we went on this insane
adventure through the Twilight streets
of Boston trying to find this one place
that had espresso and gelato then we all
had espresso and felt terribly
sophisticated anyway all night long I
was thinking about how grateful I am to
know Esther and trying to figure out a
way to like give thanks for our weird
internet-based cross-generational
friendship and then I remembered the
first amazing night of amazing I spent
with Esther was at LeakyCon a Harry
Potter conference and after all if it
weren't for Harry Potter I would have no
Esther and also there probably wouldn't
be a nerd fight area then I thought
about the fact that Esther is a huge
supporter of the Harry Potter Alliance a
charitable organization that
nerdfighteria often partners with like
remember when nerdfighteria and the
Harry Potter Alliance raised on in
23,000 dollars to help Haiti heal and we
had the s
dftba load up and go over to Haiti write
that Harry Potter Alliance Hank the HPA
is currently in this huge contest to
potentially win $250,000 to dramatically
improve the amount of worldsuck they can
decrease the HPA is currently in third
place but what if we all go link in the
dooblydoo and we vote we tell our
friends to vote and they win the
$250,000 which allows them to continue
their work getting books to kids around
the world from the Mississippi Delta to
Rwanda and allows them to grow the work
they do advocating for human rights
around the world and also it is a small
little way of saying tester hi thank you
for being awesome I'm not going to say
that we should win this contest for
Esther because if I say that she will
throw up in the back of her mouth and
hate me I think we should win this
contest with Esther so if you want to
give thanks for the existence of
nerdfighteria and the existence of
Esther and the existence of wonderful
boy Wizards please go to the link in the
dooblydoo and vote for the Harry Potter
Alliance so please go vote and thanks
again to everyone in Boston it was so
fun to hang out with you guys Hank
you'll find this out at VidCon but it is
so pleasant to spend time with people
who are wearing your face on their chest
I'll see you on Wednesday for as the
color on the Internet crazy crayon I
look kind of like I'm robbing a bank
right now how would you describe the
assailant sir mmm about six foot one
pretty nerdy fair bit of puff
