good morning John I do not want to
belittle the importance of the case of
the poufy Nintendo but I think that we
also need to recognize that there are
bigger poops being put into more
important Mint endows all across the
world right now that we need to pay
attention to
obviously BP is putting poop in the Gulf
of Mexico's Nintendo Israel and
Palestine have someone pooped in there
Nintendo that nobody even knows where
any of it came from but much closer to
home for all of us on YouTube Viacom is
attempting to put poop in YouTube
Nintendo and this is a very big deal so
I invited YouTube and Viacom the door to
my house and sit down on my dining room
table and talk it out unfortunately both
of them ignored my request and so I had
to do it all by myself hello youtube
hello sicom your website is really
nothing but illegally uploaded
copyrighted content we want to very
reasonable things from you one we would
like compensation for the videos that
were viewed on your site that were
illegally uploaded and two we want you
to manually approve every single video
that gets put on your site okay let
let's take the first point first because
we might actually able to do something
about that it might make sense for you
to be compensated for your content how
much do you want for that we would like
1 billion dollars how about instead we
give you $2 per thousand views on all of
the content that was uploaded illegally
that's more than anybody else gets how
about 1 billion dollars ok well uh let's
table that for now but let's just be
honest here the vast majority of clips
on YouTube are uploaded legitimately and
legally by the owner of the clips
whether it's just some guy in his living
room or whether it's a big media coming
out you buy whatever last time I was on
YouTube it was like all daily show and
Family Guy clips um was that was that
2007 um
maybe yeah well since then we have
cleared the world's most advanced
content identification system which is
all but eradicated illegally uploaded
videos from the site be that as it may
YouTube would never have gotten as
successful in gigantic as it is now if
it weren't for all the copyrighted clips
for example let me read to you from an
email from one of the founders of
YouTube quote if you remove the
potential copyright infringement site
traffic and virality will drop to May
20% of what it is even if Steven Chen
meant to imply what that very
out-of-context quote implies Viacom has
repeatedly put its own clips on YouTube
trying to disguise the fact that it was
uploaded by Viacom how are we supposed
to know what videos you want online and
which ones you don't that is not our
concern your site is built on piracy and
it is dirty if we're so dirty and why
did you unsuccessfully try to buy
YouTube what but that has nothing to do
with this this is about our lawsuit you
profited from our content ah well is it
true that Viacom owned spike com
routinely monetizes videos created by
independent video creators with
30-second pre-rolls without the
permission of the owners this is not
spike calms lawsuit if those people want
to sue us they are welcome to oh okay I
get it now so it's okay to steal from
someone if they can't afford a lawyer
the independent content creators that
you are stealing from they're the
backbone of YouTube now come on everyone
knows that independent content is a mere
sideshow when compared to the main
attraction of illegal copyrighted
content leaving aside that what you're
saying is infuriating it is also
factually inaccurate that's not possible
how could you to keep growing if it
weren't profiting from pirated clips
because our users independent content
creators major media companies all these
people are uploading great content to
YouTube the people want to watch but
they're not watching our content and
when they are we can't control the way
that they watch it ah as far as we know
that is not against the law but YouTube
you can understand we can't handle this
kind of change we're an old media
company this this is the kind of change
that we're gonna make less money ah okay
I see now we have gotten to the crux of
the matter
Viacom will you please take your poop
out of our Nintendo John I will see you
on Monday
