good morning John thank you for your
wonderful video on how to make a baby so
last week I told you how to make a
website in four minutes this week I
discovered something scary internet if
it were a country would have the fifth
largest carbon footprint of all
countries and for us I feel like we're
kind of dual citizens we are citizens of
the USA and of the Internet and being in
the top five twice is just troublesome
so in that spirit on this Wednesday of
how to week I'm going to talk about how
to be green and not be a prick about it
over the wall you're like how I said
that like the wall it's a thing that I
do sometimes no I don't so behind me
right now is a pretty amazing thing it's
a thing that was made by a guy named
David and if you want to know more about
then you should check down here end up
in the pants area down here it's called
the breathing earth it is a graphical
representation of what is going on in
the earth was kind of a focus on the
environment every time you see a little
blue star pop up that means that someone
in that country just got born and every
time you see a little black pop up that
means that someone in that country just
died and every time country flashes red
that means that that country just
emitted a thousand tons of carbon
dioxide and you'll notice that since we
started india's little flashing a kid is
getting born thing has not stopped
blinking it blinks all the time also
since we started China and the USA have
been blinking red quite rapidly which is
fairly frightening it's all in real-time
so there is actually a baby popping out
of a mother every time you see a little
white star now the reason I love this
thing is because it helps me understand
it helps me understand the beauty and
the awesome power of humanity
it helps me take something that is by
narge impossible to understand and
understand it that we are able to keep
that many people alive many of them
happily alive it's really amazing and
it's also very inspiring of course it
also points out a lot of the problems
that we have and understanding these
problems is the only way to help the
environment now a lot of people if you
clicked on this video and you don't know
who I am you probably expect me to tell
you a list of things that you can do or
a list of things that you can buy I can
stand here and tell you the importance
of wearing sweaters indoors in winter
and tell you how much you really
shouldn't drive so much go buy efficient
appliances and sign up for green power
generation with your power company all
these things are important but all these
things only help your impact and as long
as you're doing this because you're
trying to alleviate your purse
impact your personal guilt about how you
feel about the environment that's never
gonna help anybody
the solution is understanding if you
don't understand the world then there is
nothing you can change besides yourself
as important as changing yourself is as
you can see from this graphic China is
flashing faster than the United States
changing ourselves is not going to solve
this problem real solutions don't get
created without real understanding this
is a dramatically complicated problem so
if you ask me to tell you how to be
green without being a prick the only way
to do it is to understand understand
that you cannot stop a guy from burning
down a forest if it's going to help him
feed his children understand that you as
a citizen of the developed world have
far more wealth and happiness and power
than the vast majority of people in the
world understand that every single star
on the map behind me is a child being
born and to someone that child is just
as precious as your child is understand
that there is not enough land on the
earth by a long shot for everyone to eat
the way that Americans eat and once you
understand these problems once you
understand the actual complexity of this
situation then you can start to
understand the solutions because the
real secret to being green is being
educated and empowered enough not only
to make good decisions for yourself but
also to help create the solutions that
will allow the people of this world to
prosper without destroying the natural
systems that they rely upon and that is
not easy that is a long and complicated
process but we have to do it because
without being dedicated and smart and
informed we are going to kill ourselves
and I am not kidding about that John I
will see you on Friday and my phone's
ringing so I'm going to answer it hello
