good morning John first it's my birthday
happy birthday me second I want to tell
everybody that I also do not know what's
in the boxes John you are my brother my
collaborator my partner in crime what's
in the back and third I'm just really
bummed out that the house
representatives pushed through this
health care bill that's totally
unstudied super probably unhelpful and
why it's got a ways to go yet we'll see
what the Senate has to say it but it's
just discouraging and I'm thus current
but it looks like some people are kind
of really fight for you know those
underdogs the the internet providers
Comcast and such so that they can
control what goes through their pipes at
what speeds and how much we pay for
individual pieces of the Internet you
know so that their stuff can go faster
or be cheaper than you know my stuff so
I've been making some phone calls to my
representatives to other people in
government it's actually pretty easy
once you get into the swing of it I use
five calls or LD what number to call you
can just click on it if you're on a
phone and there's a little script there
that you can read I've done that I've
been thinking about the life-changing
magic of thumbs up your video from last
week because the people listening to
these messages or taking these phone
calls from a lot of people who are
figuratively sick and tired and also in
my case literally sick and tired I might
not be having the best day so I ask
myself like so the thumbs up that you
give to the guy who's running by you
it's this it's a little bit of like a
breaking of the norm and saying like I
see you and I think you're doing a
positive thing and what is this
situations casual and not invasive like
thumbs up so I just started ending every
phone call by saying thank you for the
work you do I'm sure that it's not
always super fun I hope you have a
lovely day and suddenly I feel so much
better about the whole thing
like I feel less like I am imposing an
unpleasant experience on another person
John you are aware of my appreciation
deficit theory it's this idea that I
have that by turning all transactions
into something that can be quantified
with money that we have lost the ability
to feel as if there is value that can be
transferred that isn't measured like the
people who take my garbage away or make
my butternut squash soup or like work at
the sewage treatment plant or whatever
like they get paid that's how they are
appreciated for the hard work and skill
that they provide I think that's crap
they aren't getting appreciated by that
money that's a transaction they are
trading their time and their skill for
money they are not being appreciated by
money they're being compensated by my
appreciation is a whole other much more
human much less transactional thing and
I think we kind of forgot about it
because we're like oh well it's being
being taken care of by economics so I
think it's nice whether we're
appreciating people for working hard on
their run and getting their first
half-marathon congratulations job or
thanking them for doing a job that I
assume is often thankless and is
sometimes unpleasant it's nice to just
break a little bit out of the societal
norms of how we interact with each other
in these ways that we understand to be
actually devoid of meaning the
conversations that we have in the
grocery line and the thank you and they
have a nice days a break a little bit
out of that to let other people know
that you actually are grateful for the
things that they do and that you
actually do hope that they have a nice
day the weird line because at a certain
point you're like oh yeah
that like why is this person this is the
weirdo I've identified a weirdo you have
to find the little way to do it just
that double thumbs up it's like an
opportunity to remember how much we all
benefit from the existence and the hard
work and the skill the talent of other
people the more I meditate on that and
every interaction is an opportunity to
do that the better I feel about the
world it gives me energy
to take on the things that I need to
take on and not feel completely
overwhelmed by the current state of
affairs there is non transactional non
economically measured value out there in
the world and there's tons of it and I
want there to be more of it because yeah
we need money humans also need to know
that their work matters and is
appreciated so let's not forget that
that value exists John see you on
Tuesday
