good morning Hank it's Friday you know
who's in my hub bucket grease every time
I see grease I just want to give him a
big ol hug I don't however want to give
them 150 billion euro and therein lies a
problem okay so I want to talk about
sovereign debt today but just to
establish at the outset that this is not
a particularly political problem here's
a chart of the gross federal debt by
President as a percentage of GDP as you
will notice the fluctuations have
nothing to do with whether the president
is blue or red the same is true in other
developed countries as well okay so I
have to begin let me tell you one of the
great rules of economics if you are rich
you have to be an idiot not to stay rich
and if you are poor you have to be
really smart to get rich
this is true for individuals but it's
also true for countries Fancy Pants
countries with Fancy Pants currencies
have all kinds of advantages over
developing countries including that we
are able to borrow money cheaply in fact
because fancy-pants countries can borrow
money so cheaply it actually often makes
sense to run a deficit and the reason
for this is that in the long term our
economy can grow faster than the cheap
cheap debt were requiring to pay for our
economy to grow so debt is not
inherently bad for nations the famous
example of this is that in 1945 the
United States had a debt that was more
than a hundred percent of its GDP and
our deficit was more than 20% of our GDP
and that level of debt immediately
preceded the largest expansion of our
economy in history also the largest
expansion of our waste lines in history
yes that's funny we did get fat so debt
is not bad but debt that you can't repay
is very bad the trick of Fancy Pants
countries being able to borrow money
cheaply has always been that the market
assumes that fancy-pants countries are
basically guaranteed to pay you back and
when I say the market assumes I mean the
market assumed until two months ago when
it realized that Greece a fancy-pants
country with a fancy-pants currency
maybe can't pay back its debts what's
interesting is that Greece is probably
technically in a better economic
position that America was back in 1945
but for a variety of reasons some of the
very legitimate the market is decided
that Greece will be able to pay back its
debt which in turn has led to new debt
being much more expensive which has in
turn made it completely impossible for
Greece to ever pay its debt you see Hank
it's a circle and it's vicious that's
what they got the term this raises the
possibility that fancy-pants countries
with fancy-pants currencies might not
pay back the money
which will probably raise interest rates
for a lot of fancy-pants countries which
could lead by the vicious circle two
more defaults higher interest rates more
defaults higher interest rates I could
go on like this forever which would be
very bad like we would yearn for the
days of 10% unemployment all which is
complicated by the fact we're coming out
of a worldwide recession and the total
economic output in the world is smaller
so there is less money coming in in
taxes but government's still need to
spend approximately the same amount of
money
and for everybody who says that the
problem is wasteful government spending
we are even close to a balanced budget I
mean the United States would have to
eliminate both of its two biggest
expenses social security and defense in
order to even come close to balancing
the budget the only other way to shrink
the deficit would be to raise taxes
which is not generally seen as a good
idea during a recession so the problem
of sovereign debt maybe not being as
cheap as it once was isn't the fault of
any one political ideology it's kind of
everybody's fault so basically Hank I
don't want to alarm you but I do think
we should all buy unicorn pinatas and
hide our valuables in them actually Hank
the unicorn strategy won't work because
we have to keep looming each other money
and we have to figure out a way to loan
confidently like we did back in 1945
that's why the EU in the IMF are working
so hard to try to nail down a bailout
plan for Greece and in Fancy Pants
countries can't continue to convince us
that our money is as safe with them as
it is inside of a unicorn pinata they
will lose the cheap money privilege they
have enjoyed for centuries and history
tells us that once a stupid rich man
gets poor he doesn't usually get rich
again unless he is Donald Trump Hank
I'll see you on Monday
on Monday that's your signal to stop
watching but nerdfighters there is still
time to participate in our secret
project click here for more info here I
made it a heart for you
click
