good morning John I was just taking my
dog for a walk and I thought to myself
Hank you know what you should do today
you should blow John Green's mind so
that's what I decided to do John get
ready to have your mind blown so let's
start right here on earth earth is big
massive it's freaking huge it's so big
that we didn't even know how big it was
until like a few hundred years ago
that's not actually true people had
figured out how big the earth was a long
long time ago using math and being
really smart but we certainly hadn't
mapped the whole thing I mean 500 years
ago Columbus was sailing around thinking
he was got to run into India because he
didn't know that North America was there
but John as massive as the earth is the
Sun is much bigger as they might be
giants have I'm sure informed you if the
Sun were Hubble a million earths would
fit inside so John I know I didn't just
blow your mind there's there's more
coming our Sun is very big in our galaxy
there are at least 200 billion of them
it could be as many as 400 billion turns
out not easy to count all the stars in
the galaxy I know I know I have not
blown your mind yet that is not even the
mind-blowing stuff the Hubble Space
Telescope is the most powerful telescope
ever created by humankind
I say humankind because by the in this
video you will probably think that there
are other large telescope wielding
species in the universe John right now I
am going to draw a dot on my hand dot
okay you see that dot now I'm going to
move that dot out here this is the size
of a piece of our universe that the
hubble space telescope was once pointed
at the scientists at NASA pointed that
space telescope at that tiny tiny bit of
our sky this tiny dot of sky was rare
because there was nothing there there
were no stars in our own galaxy there
were no galaxies that we could see there
were no nebulae or any smudge of
anything it was just a pure black spot
of sky now some people were like WTF
NASA why are you taking this extremely
expensive piece of machinery and taking
a picture of nothing with it but they
did it they pointed it at that little
piece of sky and they opened the shutter
and they left it open for days they've
done it once before but now they've done
it again in December of 2009 it's called
the Hubble Ultra Deep Field when they
downloaded the picture that speck of
noting that grain of inky black
contained over 3000 galaxies galaxies
just like the one that our massive
planet takes up a tiny fraction of a
corner of a crevice every dot every
smudge of respect in this image is a
galaxy with billions of stars in it
that is a big universe and let me blow
your mind further by telling you that I
think that we have an important place in
it we don't know what's going on
it took humanity 99.9% of its existence
to even understand that we live on a
ball of rock circling a globe of plasma
but you want that video and you
understand the scope of the universe
that understanding the act of
understanding I think is more important
in itself than the existence of all star
stuff in the universe people have a lot
of different reactions to the knowledge
that we are on a tiny pale blue dot but
that's mine I want to know what yours is
so leave them down in the comments in my
pants John I'll see you on Wednesday
