for the love of God what are they
dreaming good morning Hank it's Tuesday
so I'm currently training for a half
marathon and a couple days ago I ran 12
miles in a row without stopping I'm not
going to lie I'm extremely pleased with
myself but the point here is that when I
am running I only have one pace which is
the fastest I can go sustainably like if
I were running from a fast zombie I
could run faster than my running pace
but only for a few hundred yards and
then I would stop realize that my zombie
apocolypse strategy is always to run
face first into the horde of zombies so
that I don't have to be like the last
person on earth and I would give up
which is not really relevant to the
point here the point here is that my
running pace used to be about 10 minutes
5 seconds per mile now it's about 9:40 I
guess I should define what a mile is for
people who live outside the United
States so in distance terms I believe
one mile is equal to 22 kilowatts
eventually I am going to actually tell
the story so I was running and I wasn't
feeling awesome and somebody ran past me
on the trail and they gave me a thumbs
up and I was like oh god I hate
strangers interacting with me and
there's something vaguely condescending
about a really fit runner giving a Schmo
like me a thumbs up one of the main
reasons I like running is that I'm by
myself and I don't have to interact with
people but after I got the thumbs up a
super weird thing happened which is that
I started to be able to run faster you
can actually see this happen on my
running app you can see the mile where I
received the thumbs up I receive a
thumbs up and then something
physiological happened to me that
allowed me to run faster and also just
run more happily like suddenly I started
noticing the trees and thinking cooked a
beautiful day out here what a planet
Earth is Earth really is by far the most
underrated planet so anyway I was
running along and after a wild post
thumbs up I started to feel kind of
tired again and then I noticed that
someone was running toward me on the
trail and I thought do I do it do I dare
disturb the universe and then as they
got close mostly just to find out if it
would work I went with the thumbs up and
even though I did not get thumbs back I
felt the same surge of energy and
happiness and I started running faster
so the next person that came by I was
like and it continued to work now of
course part of me was like you have to
stop this this is humiliating you can't
throw out thumbs ups everywhere you go
you'll become known as the thumbs up guy
but then another part of me was like I
just ran the fastest mile of my entire
life
get a thumbs up you get a thumbs up
everybody gets thumbs ups this one we
ended off-screen but it's still there
it kept working I have no physiological
explanation for this except that it
works it should tire me out thumbs it up
while I'm running but it doesn't it just
makes me feel great I absolutely floated
through that run I mean until about mile
10 then I started to feel terrible so
friends if you see me on the trails or
you see me at a race don't say anything
just shoot me a thumbs up I absolutely
guarantee you that I will return the
favor okay I have to go from my last
training run now I will see you on
Friday
