oh it seems so exciting I can talk to
anyone just begin the game and launch
into the Thunder but 15 perverts later I
still haven't had a chance to talk to
anyone but that giant guy in woman's
underpants it's the kind of instant
judgment that I fear in the real world
where it only takes a moment to realize
you're not a girl and they click on next
the game's over and yes I've lost again
but I keep on trying anyway because some
days I'll win and I try to pull my heart
out but they keep clicking next I'm
having a bad day on chatroulette
oh I'm having a bad day on chatroulette
and suddenly this cute girl she pops up
on my screen she's like the answer to my
prayers bloom enough my dreams she
pauses on my face and I think she could
be mine I say hello she smiled got my
chance and then she hits f9
in her place is a group of rowdy British
teens followed by a person who does not
wish to be seen and then a guy with
awesome apps who won't put on his shirt
and then of course a very very long
string of perverts and I try to pull my
heart out but they keep clicking next
I'm having a bad day on chatroulette
oh I'm having a bad day on chatroulette
the Prix girls are busy having pleasant
conversations with guys who've been next
in four hours oh I really should
eliminate all my expectations I should
also probably take a shower but then
this guy comes on and he sees me playing
and he said he understands everything
I'm saying and he pulls down his guitar
he plays along
Oh
we try to pull our hearts out with piggy
clicking next we're having a bad day on
chatroulette
yes we're having of that day on
chatroulette
you
just to be clear because the Internet is
what it is unfortunately
chatroulette is a place for adults and
I'm not gonna be on chatroulette so
don't go there looking for me because
you won't find me you will find things
that no one wants to see nonetheless I
hope that you enjoyed it thank you so
much to Tom Nelson Kristina Horner and
Luke Conard and of course thank you to
all the nerdfighters who submitted clips
of themselves looking bored when I asked
Twitter for those videos you should all
take this as an invitation when you
follow me on Twitter sometimes you get
to be in my music videos Kristina and
Luke who are in that video have a band
they're called all caps they have a new
album that just came out there's a link
to it in the sidebar
there's also alibi yeah I'm also going
to put up some links to a couple music
videos they did from that album so that
you can enjoy them John I will see you
on Friday
if you
