good morning John top ten week has
turned out to be quite fun I hope we do
it again sometime
can you imagine breaking your arm and
then stabbing someone with the bone but
really I think the exploring ant
deserved his place at the top of that
list but that got me thinking about the
biggest and most awe-inspiring
explosions of all time number one the
very first large man-made explosion
happened in 1654 in the Dutch town of
Delft when the 30 tons store of
gunpowder exploded it pretty much
destroyed the entire town and kind of
created the idea of a bomb but really on
the scale of things not a very big
explosion the second explosion I'm going
to talk about is the largest accidental
explosion of all time it happened
outside of the Canadian port of Halifax
when two boats crashed into each other
unfortunately one of the boats was
carrying nothing but explosives for use
in World War one it created a tsunami
and killed over 2,000 people and pretty
much destroyed the entire town of
Halifax Nova Scotia number three the
world's second largest explosion before
the advent of nuclear weapons was the
intentional destruction of an island in
the East River so that they could open
up the East River to shipping
unfortunately that one was too long ago
to have video footage of it however
there was a similar Island destruction
in British Columbia in the 1950s and we
do have video of that yeah explosion
number four the largest explosion before
the advent of nuclear weapons killed
around 10,000 Germans during World War
one so the British troops actually dug
under the German lines and laid down a
huge amount of explosives the evening
before the attack the British general
was quoted as saying gentlemen tomorrow
we may not change history but we
certainly will change geography and
before we get to nuclear weapons because
we're going to get there let's talk
about the largest non-nuclear weapon
ever designed by the u.s. the massive
ordnance air blast bomb or Moab is also
sometimes called the mother of all bombs
it has roughly the explosive power of 12
tons of TNT and can destroy a 10 city
block radius and now's when we start
making really big jumps so we go from
the Moab which was a big bang to a much
bigger bang which is a very small
nuclear weapon fat man and little boy
were the only nuclear weapons actually
used in warfare dropped on Hiroshima and
Nagasaki
roughly a thousand times bigger than the
Moab explosion number seven the Ivy King
was the largest fission bomb of all time
roughly thirty times the size of the
bomb dropped on Hiroshima there's
something in my eye
explosion number eight the Tunguska
event happened in 1908 and no one is
quite sure what happened but whatever it
was had an explosive force larger than
1,000 Hiroshima bombs the most prominent
theory that it was a very small comet
that because of atmospheric pressure and
the heat of reentry had actually
exploded before it hit the ground
explosion number nine the Tsar bomb was
actually probably like five times bigger
than the Tunguska event which Wow the
Tsar bomb with a 50-megaton equivalence
is roughly the size of four thousand
Hiroshima bombs explosion number ten the
largest explosion and fairly recent
geological history of the earth was the
volcanic eruption that left behind
Yellowstone National Park for those of
you who don't know Yellowstone National
Park one of America's most prized
natural wonders which is a mere hundred
miles away from where I'm sitting right
now is actually a volcanic caldera the
last time it erupted was six hundred and
forty thousand years ago and the force
of that explosion was roughly seventeen
thousand times that not of the Hiroshima
bomb but of the 50-megaton Tsar bomb the
scary part is geologists say Yellowstone
is due for another eruption hey okay I
live way too close to this thing so I
hope I freaked you out can you imagine
living in a time where there was
actually a feasibility of global nuclear
war I don't even live in the 50s and I
want to go build a bomb shelter if you
missed the other two top ten videos you
can see them right now I'm going to put
an annotation link up John I will see
you on Monday
