good morning yeah and I'm watching a
scary thing happened not just in my
country but with my peers and my friend
this fairly new I think sense that all
expertise is false that you can't trust
the government of the media or
scientists or even charities everything
is fate we get a dozen questions a week
on dear Hank and John from people who
start out saying look I know that I have
to get to the bottom of every single
story myself because of course you can't
trust anyone anymore that has become the
case we are absolutely screwed no one
can get to the bottom of everything in
fact that's what experts are for
journalists and international
organizations and scientists in the
government these are experts that have
been tasked by society with getting to
the bottom of different kinds of things
and they are all groups that more and
more it seems we feel we cannot trust
what can we trust then well mostly
whatever narrative we've already signed
up for things fit into it we shot them
around and if they don't we quietly
ignore them the causes of this are
plentiful it's human nature the result
of a fractured system of information
sharing government has of course and
almost traditionally deteriorated its
own credibility by focusing more on
winning than governing and news media
has destroyed its own credibility and
also everyone else's by focusing on
cheap easy things that people to gobble
up liking and mainly opinion pieces and
shouting matches between people who are
paid to disagree with each other at
least in part because the financial
model that supported journalism as well
as the editorial control that newspapers
wants had over what people saw first
simultaneously fell apart and we're on
the internet we very rarely look at a
front page we mostly look at what's on
our feet and what goes into a feed isn't
controlled by experts it's often
controlled by our worst instinct it
turns out when the hive mind decides
what's on the front page it becomes
drama and opinion and controversy and
demonization of the other and
self-congratulation and thus the
hotcakes have gotten so hot I'm worried
the whole country's going to catch fire
if you actually pick up a physical
newspaper or magazine like none of
that's the news on the front page of
actual mainstream newspaper or inside of
a magazine like The Economist what you
find is valuable expensive experts
driven truth-telling like who knew I'd
forgot important things about Venezuela
or Yemen or why Americans are dying
younger if you read peer-reviewed
articles if you find a politician who
will actually talk with you if you find
a news source that is mainstream and
actually read the news that's there I
enlarge you find that
Burt's are actually experts look
sometimes reporting is bad or incomplete
or inflammatory if the wall street
journal publishes a beat that isn't good
reporting which they have that doesn't
mean that everything The Wall Street
Journal is garbage and it doesn't really
doesn't mean that everything in every
newspaper is garbage we should hold
journalists accountable for the work
that they do but we shouldn't just throw
them out we need them and feels like
we're starting to live in a world where
media critics are the news themselves
people who attack expertise without any
desire let alone ability to replace
expertise and thus we get the high of
feeling like we're better than the
experts without having to be experts on
anything except for like drama and
controversy I'm not saying that there
isn't a problem in news media that
there's nothing to be fixed but man am i
sick of watching people ignore the
tremendous amount of value that
journalists provide for our country and
our world the destruction of expertise
and all the terrible things that have
come with it from feeling personally ill
informed to electing a reality TV star
president to continuing to deny the
biggest crisis humanity has ever faced
is all our fault it is at the very least
my fault I choose a preference for the
op-eds and the hotcake I get confused
about what news is I look at what I read
and I think I can't trust the mainstream
media anymore but I am choosing to read
the crap they're providing the crap
which maybe they shouldn't but they have
to because it's what people read and if
they aren't getting it from mainstream
media they'll get it from the other guy
trustworthy journalism driven by
expertise is out there it's right where
nobody's going to read it very deep down
on the front page John I'll see you on
Tuesday
