good morning John good news for a
self-employed people with chronic
pre-existing conditions like myself soon
insurance companies will not be able to
be biased against you for having even
the bazzara stuff pre-existing
conditions today I wanted to bring you
the top 10 weirdest diseases that I
could find on the Internet in no
particular order the first bizarre
disease that I want to talk about today
is complications due to lightning strike
those who have been struck often have
problems with their memory with their
equilibrium with motor control and oddly
enough are much much more likely to
commit suicide than the average person
however this is by far the most peculiar
bit one of the complications of being
struck by lightning is that you are much
more likely to be struck by lightning
again so yeah if for example the place
that lightning does not strike twice is
Roy Sullivan that is inaccurate because
Roy Sullivan was struck by lightning
seven times
bizarre disease number two is pick up a
disease common in children but also
oddly enough common in pregnant women in
which people want to eat things that are
not food you got nails dirt coal sand
pounds and pounds of human hair stolen
from Beauty Salons bizarre disease
number three then tendinitis Nintendo
netis is exactly what it sounds like
it's any repetitive stress injury caused
by video gaming
relatedly joggers nipple is a common
disease and joggers in which their tight
shirts rub against their nipples and
then they create nipple fissures ah
joggers nipple just one more reason why
I love to sit bizarre disease number
four odd skin coloration some people are
black some people are white some people
are all the way in between but some
people are blue or red for example if
there's a lot of silver in your diet say
that you live in a place where there's
tons of silver in the water or you have
silver related Pike up your skin will
turn blue disease number five Toxoplasma
is a parasite that lives in cat poop the
really strange thing is here that women
with toxoplasmosis are statistically
happier than women who do not have it
while men have more negative side
effects to toxoplasmosis and thus it has
been posited that toxoplasmosis is the
reason why there are so many crazy old
cat ladies and not so many crazy old cat
men next bizarre disease in
sensitivity to pay and might sound like
a pretty good thing you're certainly not
gonna lose any fistfights but people who
suffer from congenital analgesia
generally have very short lifespans
because they don't know when they're
being injured or when they're
uncomfortable children with this disease
sometimes bite through their lips or
tongue and often cause severe damage to
their eyes without even knowing it
nutmeg psychosis is psychosis caused by
nutmeg nutmeg taken in significant
enough quantities can cause paranoia
hallucinations feelings of impending
doom now we've all got body odor there's
no need to deny and tell me that your
armpits smell like flowers but you
probably don't have body odor like the
people who suffer from triethylamine
area some people don't have the enzyme
needed to break down triethylamine and
so triethylamine buildup in their bodies
and you can smell it in their breath and
their sweat and their pee
unfortunately for them triethylamine
smells kind of like rotting fish so
that's what they smell like which is
pretty horrible and finally number 10 we
have possibly the coolest name in all of
medical disorder history Ondine's curse
Ondine's curse aside from being a really
horrible curse is fascinating because
people who suffer from it literally die
if they fall asleep you're either born
with it or it sets in after a serious
trauma and it's more officially called
primary alveolar hypoventilation but the
name of the disease comes from the myth
of Undine who in greek mythology is a
man who cheated on a water nymph which
let me tell you is something you never
want to do the water nymph was so
enraged that she cursed him to forget to
breathe if he ever fell asleep Jon the
theme for this week is top 10 list that
was mine I want to hear if you guys have
any bizarre diseases in the comments
telling me that all the diseases that
you have and tell me how you're feeling
about the new health care legislation
I'm looking forward to seeing all of you
in the comments John I'll see you on
Wednesday
don't forget to be awesome
