hey Henry can you can you bite my finger
please bite my finger Henry we're never
gonna go viral unless you bite my finger
Henry says good morning uncle Hank it's
Monday Henry you know how I can tell
you're an astronaut like all astronauts
you're wearing space pajamas
Henry like his father wears pajamas
until well into the afternoon we both
work from home
Henry why are you so much better lip
than I am you're stealing my light you
seem to have forgotten that this YouTube
channel is called vlogbrothers not vlog
adorable baby having now spent seven
weeks with a newborn I feel like I'm
something of an expert in the field
and while babies could hardly be more
adorable I can't help but come to the
conclusion that babies can be a tiny bit
self-centered did you just punch me in
the face on purpose it's always changed
my diaper feed me offer me comfort give
me a pacifier what about my pacifier
Hank when will Henry give me a pacifier
in fact sometimes it doesn't even seem
like Henry thinks I'm a person it seems
like he thinks I'm some kind of robot
need filler
I am your robot need filler what are
your needs do you need to be nom de but
anyway ain't the weirdest part of the
complete inability of infants to
apprehend that other people also have
needs is that I don't care something
weird and base and nurturing happened to
me when he was born that caused me to
want to like change poopie diapers by
the way Hank no matter how efficient a
diaper changer you are there will always
be one nanosecond between the old diaper
and the new diaper where the bottom is
diaperless and to Henry that moment is
known as poopie time there's something
about being a parent that turns you
weirdly insular so you find yourself
really only caring about the needs of
your kid which is why for instance I
forgot to tell you guys that I had a
book coming out in like 25 days Henry
says Will Grayson Will Grayson available
for pre-order now link in the doobly-doo
thanks but I appreciate the marketing
Hank there's this phrase in the study of
religion ultimate concern your ultimate
concern is the thing or value that you
prize above all others the one you would
die for the one you would kill for now
of course it's pretty easy to go through
life without an ultimate concern for
instance I don't think Henry has won yet
you know because he's still in the
business of self-preservation but Hank
nerdfighters that's what I want this
week's team to be yeah
an ultimate concern what is it should
you have one right now my ultimate
concern certainly involves making sure
that this little guy is happy and
healthy and as an opportunity to look at
himself in various mirrors but I don't
know if it should be limited to that
you're Geralt amid concern be limited to
your family should it be about politics
or policy about your community or your
nation or the human species should it
take into account other species and if
so should those species be treated as
equal to humans
or should self-preservation and our own
needs Trump everything and when did my
husky voice transform into the voice of
a pubescent boy those are my non
rhetorical questions of the week I'll
see you on Wednesday
No did you just sigh because you're
bored of me video blogging Willy says
I'm still here and I'm cute too how are
we gonna kick it going to kick it tummy
time yes and Henry's favorite rap songs
include how we gonna kick it gonna kick
it tummy time no sleep til burpin and of
course who's down with OPP dad's down
with OPP you know other people's poop
