good morning John it occurs to me that
there are a lot of things that I haven't
told you about in my life so I'm gonna
make a video in which we catch up thing
number one you may remember a while back
the Katherine and I were fostering a
greyhound of the hopes that we would get
to keep her however would the people at
the adoption agency came by to see how
she was doing and saw the way that she
was looking at our cat which is
apparently the way that you know I look
at a quarter pound double stack with
cheese from Wendy's they said that that
particular dog would have to find a home
that did not have little furry friends
living in it which has already happened
in that wonderful dog has a wonderful
home down the valley so Katherine and I
had to wait for a bit of time for a new
shipment of retired racing greyhounds to
come in to Missoula which they did
and we adopted this lovely dog who is
extremely sweet her track name was Tina
Fey and we have named her lemon and
she's sleeping right next to me right
now she's she likes to be as close to us
as possible thing number two retired
racing greyhounds are really great dogs
and if you're in the market for a new
dog you should check and see if there is
an adoption agency that specializes in
greyhounds nearby you because there are
a lot of greyhounds that retire from
tracks and are not able to get adopted
into homes thing number three after
lemon poops she just she's the happiest
it's the happiest time of her day which
makes me very nostalgic for the days in
which I used to enjoy pooping but on a
good note I haven't feeling much better
lately and I have managed to get a new
prescription for a new kind of drug
which is like half as much as the old
one the price of my drugs went from 385
a month to 458 a month by the end of
this year one year that is a huge
increase but now there's this new drug
which is like half the cost hopefully
they won't keep raising the price of
that 100% every year thing number four I
really hate it when I'm watching a show
on my computer on full screen and then
the show fades to black and then
suddenly I can see my reflection in the
monitor when I see that slack dull face
just staring at itself I just want a
snap out of it and go do something with
my life but then I know that I can't
because you know I'm in the middle of a
show thing number five
Kathryn brought this up the other day
and I just want to bring it the idea to
light why don't we have water beds that
double as aquariums thing number six one
time I left a pot of ramen noodles
boiling and then all the water bowled
away and then the
noodle caught on fire thing number seven
we might think that the Super Bowl is a
big deal here in America but hockey by
percentages is a much bigger deal in
Canada where around 80 percent of the
population watched the final Olympic
hockey game
Air Canada had to delay a flight because
the passengers refused to get on board
while the hockey game was still going on
and check out this graph of Edmonton's
water used during the Olympic hockey
final yeah that's a lot of people not
peeing and then having to pee thing
number eight the winners of the Harry
Potter Alliance helping Haiti heal
raffle have been announced so if you
participated in that raffle you will
have received an email saying that you
won a thing if you want to think but the
nerdfighter related prizes were a song
by me about you was won by Samantha
Samantha I'm gonna write a song about
you sign copies of all of my CDs was won
by Samuel in Pennsylvania the John Green
three book package was won by flower
child headbands which I'm sure is
probably exactly what it sounds like and
a 1000 words short story written by a
New York Times bestselling author on the
topic of your choosing was won by Nancy
from San Francisco we will be contacting
all of you soon congratulations
helping ad heal five planes full of aid
supplies are already on their way you
didn't forget to be awesome John I will
see you on Monday
