good morning Hank it's Tuesday in a
stunning turn of events I find myself in
an airport soak up that seven-year-old
son in every Saturday he wakes up at 5
in the morning and watches 2 hours of
Pokemon before I can even you know like
get up and take the iPad away from him
he has all the Pokemon encyclopedias and
all these Pokemon cards I don't even
know where he gets them from I think he
trades for them on the schoolyard
playground
and it's great you know I want my kid to
have passions I want him to be excited
about stuff but I know nothing about
Pokemon well aside from what Henry has
told me in a brief foray into Pokemon go
so today I thought I would explain the
world of pokemons from the perspective
of someone who has never seen Pokemon
alright Hank so we all know that the
last 500 years have seen this huge
decrease in biodiversity on earth well
good news in the near future we get a
big influx of species and not just any
species like cute cuddly awesome
talented species they're called pokemons
how did they arrive on earth I have no
idea was it like an alien world Noah's
Ark situation man probably not because a
bunch of pokemons are based on current
earth life-forms like horses you know
basically a sea horse so maybe it was
like a radiation event point being
there's like hundreds maybe even
thousands of new species and you can
catch them by using these things called
pokeballs like you throw a Pokeball at a
pokemon and the little Pokemon ends up
inside the pokeball and then you put the
whole contraption into your back why
would you capture all these Pokemon I
mean why do people do anything
ultimately like why do people fish so
you catch all these pokemon and then you
train them so that they will be
excellent in battle wait I forgot
something important sometimes you catch
like too many of one kind of Pokemon
like you've got 17 pidgeys and you don't
need 17 pidgeys and it's weighing down
your backpack in that case I believe you
can transfer your Pokemon to someone
called the professor but this seems like
it's maybe not a good idea I don't
really know what he does with
transferred pokemons but I asked Henry
about it once and he said that pokemons
do not like going to the professor right
so your job as a pokemon trainer is to
train up your Pokemon and make them
strong so that then they can do battle
with other people's pokémon someone I
can gather it's basically like a Roman
gladiator style thing but you know for
children also they don't fight to the
death they fight until they faint but
that's not treating anyone like Henry
explained to me dad fainting is what
Pokemon called dying and I was like yeah
no I get it so you catch Pokemon with
your pokeballs you train them up you
take them to battles and then you fight
to the fainting against other
people's pokémon and as far as I can
tell that's it like it's basically just
a sport it doesn't seem like winning
Pokemon battles help save the world or
make it a more fair or just place but
then again you know neither just soccer
and I like soccer the game as Tottenham
Hotspur fans like to put it is about
glory which is to say that you know in
the scheme of things the stakes are very
low
that's how there's a lot of questions I
don't have the answer to like how to
pokemon involve I have no idea if this
is identical to fishing why not just
fish and most importantly given the most
pokemons are based either on legends
like Charizard is a dragon or on actual
animals like Rhyhorn is rhinoceros
what is Pikachu he seems to be just our
collective idea of adorable that we
throw balls at and then put inside of a
tiny spherical cage in our backpacks
which is weird but I guess it gets less
weird when you consider that that's our
relationship with many non-human animals
I think that's my best attempt to
introduce the Pokemon universe from
someone who knows nothing about the
Pokemon universe I have to go get on an
airplane I will see you on Friday
