good morning John welcome back it is so
nice to have you back your video is
great and you were right like on every
single point no he wasn't
oh hi Hank sock what what he was wrong
on my five major points well that's
technically true but he just got back
and he hasn't made a video in a long
time and you know I'm willing to cut him
some slack cut him some slack he hasn't
made a video in three weeks he finally
does it and this is what we get you have
to hold him accountable
well Hank sock says so so here goes
first factually inaccurate point John
you have now made everyone on the
internet think that I did not have a
girlfriend in high school and just ask
sherry or Sarah or the other Sarah or
Jenny and all of them except one of the
Sarah's will definitely tell you that I
was their boyfriend one of the Sarah's
was like we can't use those labels
they're arbitrary I think she also
thought that monogamy was arbitrary you
know like not fooling around with other
guys while she was dating me second
thing Albert Einstein while not saying
many of the things that people say he
said was kind of a quotation generation
machine he said lots of really beautiful
and wonderful things like in a letter to
harry s truman he said i do not know
what weapons World War three will be
fought with but World War four will be
fought with sticks and stones
he also wrote to a friend do not worry
about your difficulties in mathematics I
assure you that mine are still greater
third the most common internet sent is
not confusing your for your it is not
exposing yourself on chatroulette and it
is not as you said miss courting
Einstein the most common Internet sin of
course is taking a picture of yourself
with this camera angle because you think
that people will think you're more
beautiful if you have a giant head there
we go
that's good fourth I dunno the six types
of quarks but I also know who Amanda
Bynes is she's the cute funny one from
hairspray and I have seen hairspray like
five times so there and to prove to you
and the world that knowledge of
elementary particle physics does not
exclude knowledge of teen pop culture I
have written a short song I won't do
three four down strange charm top bottom
you don't a lot of workers it don't
matter used to doubt Amandla left tons
of Osan suppose I think that they make
up everything that we could see you know
I know exist so somewhere out there a
girl's brushing her hair misquoting
Einstein it just isn't fair Oh
elementary particle physics is kind of
confusing but a man too bad she's sure
it's not so I can't help but sing new
top-down strain job talk about it if you
don't know what it work is it don't
matter you still got him and with laptop
the both sob so doesn't admit they make
up everything that we could see and that
we know exists and finally fifth I
checked Amanda Bynes his Twitter and she
didn't say any of the things that you
said she said
apparently you met oh hello Miranda
fines did tweet those things what huh
how did you even know what I was talking
about
I don't know ESP but seriously she did
write those tweets I mean if I was going
to make up someone misquoting Albert
Einstein why would I choose amanda Bynes
she wrote them and then I guess she
deleted them that ruins my whole thing I
was gonna be all witty and talk about
how John put words about putting words
in her mouth in her mouth and that John
you miss quoted her misquoting that it's
all gone now wait though that means you
embarrassed amanda Bynes into deleting
her tweets you jerk the internet is so
weird
let me take this opportunity now that I
know Amanda Bynes watches or more likely
just saw an ad reply about it amanda
Bynes we are sorry we think you're
lovely big fans uh and there's nothing
wrong with what you did
I mean you miss cooter Talbert Einstein
saying a lovely thing I think there is a
very good chance that Albert Einstein
does not care at all because he's dead
in the spirit of good-natured miss
please leave Amanda Bynes your best
wishes in the comments and if you're
feeling especially creative please
misquote John and I below a tribute to
us quotes that we have never said and
then maybe we'll say some of them and
then you'll be right John I will see you
on Friday
don't forget to be awesome
