good morning Maureen and John and
nerdfighters today we're gonna talk
about something that pisses me off at
the end of last year there was a battle
in the UK the kid who won the X Factor
Joe Michael Derry who I know nothing
about was apparently a shoo-in for the
highest selling artist in the UK
Christmas charts
that is until Rage Against the Machine
decided to Rage Against the Machine and
get a profanity-laden song from 1992 to
the top of the UK charts and they did it
using an online anti-establishment
social media thing Rage Against the
Machine beat Joe Mekel Derry by like
50,000 units proving to the wolves that
we're not just sheep and a capitalist
monarchy except it turns out that we
were raging against the wrong machine
because Joe Michael dairies music is
owned by the same people as rage against
the machines music Sony Music owns both
Sony BMG which is Joe's label and Epic
Records which is rage against the
machines label so while the
anti-establishment folk we're fighting
their battles Sony was laughing all the
way to the bank and that is what I want
to talk about today brands and their
hypocrisy big corporations create these
things called brands so that they can
sell more stuff to more people they can
use these brands to create specific
marketing campaigns to hit specific
demographics of people who believe
specific things all the while those big
companies don't give a crap about those
brand values as long as the brands
continue to make money don't believe me
so Dove soap and skin care those people
you know those people they have this
great marketing campaign about how real
women are beautiful and that's so great
and then you have a company like Axe
body spray an axe body spray is like Shh
I'll spray myself and then I can use
women for sex and I'm sure you know
where I'm going with this axe and Dove
are both owned by Unilever things get
even crazier with media companies
because they own like 10,000 different
properties for example the company that
owns the UK softcore porn magazine nuts
also owns the hanna-barbera cartoon
franchise that company being Time Warner
MTV has a similar structure earning both
television channels for young children
and
horny men I was personally extremely
disappointed to find out that the
National Geographic Channel is owned by
the same people who run Fox freakin News
over here you're talking about the
beauty and wonder of natural and
cultural diversity and the power of
science and over here your Fox News and
food companies are no better Kraft is
busy boasting the importance of meatless
meals with their Boca burger franchise
while simultaneously shilling both hot
dogs and steak sauce to quote satisfy
your primal urges Kraft until recently
was actually owned by Philip Morris the
people who make Marlboro cigarettes
which was possibly the most intense
brand hypocrisy of all time with Kraft
focusing on family meals and Philip
Morris focusing on killing people and
Unilever going back to the beginning is
doing it again with their food brands
here offering up slim fast with keys to
your weight loss success while pimping
like twelve different ice cream
companies including Breyers Klondike bar
Good Humor and Ben & Jerry's and
speaking of Ben and Jerry's now this
supposed to be like the quirky cute
independent ice cream company for the
independent thinking Jerry Garcia loving
kind of hippie person and I've run out
of their own by like one of the biggest
food companies in the world
that's just oppressing it's a live lies
it all comes down to this folks there is
only one corporate philosophy only one
set of brand values make more money if
this means spending money to do good
things so that more people will buy our
stuff then they will do that but these
big corporations do not have a
conscience they have one goal one goal
only and sometimes it's easy to forget
that but it will always be true Maureen
I will see you on Wednesday
