good morning John so you know how I'm
not really a huge fan of like the
institution of advertising but then I
also built an entire business on
advertising revenue so that we can make
things like scishow and crash course and
all the other cool stuff that we did
with other weird decision for me
definitely not because YouTube provides
two things that nobody nobody else does
one a truly massive audience that if you
create quality content and/or have a
strategy that matches well with what
YouTube wants YouTube might push toward
your content to a system to turn those
views into dollars real-life money so
until there's somebody else who's doing
those two things better than YouTube is
no one will ever leave YouTube like
Facebook is just doing one of those
things and people are posting their
content they're like crazy YouTube has
been sharing revenue with content
creators for 10 years during which time
Facebook has just been like yeah so this
has created an amazing ecosystem of
creative people doing cool things on
this platform make money you know maybe
not a ton but without a lot of headache
you know here's the crazy thing about
YouTube advertising right every ad that
plays on a YouTube video that person is
getting paid like 10 times less then if
that ad played on TV and for every
minute of content watched there's like
five times fewer ads so the average
YouTube channel gets like 50 times less
revenue than the average TV channel per
minute of viewership why why are my
eyeballs worth 10 times more when I'm
watching TV than when I'm watching
YouTube they're the same eyeballs I
promise there has to be a point in which
like your audience is being valued solo
by these people that you're just like no
it's a big secret about YouTube ads
they're YouTube's whole business and
it's a big business it's billions of
dollars but it's precarious ads are just
worth less on the internet people don't
like them people skip them they block
them to get frustrated by them and while
my eyeballs for whatever reasons you to
be worth less on the Internet my time is
worth more our busy this is not couch
time this is active time this weird
situation is where we're at when a few
weeks ago some inflammatory articles are
posted about how major brands are being
advertised on top of very vile YouTube
videos a bunch of advertisers fearing
backlash remove their ads entirely from
YouTube and during this period every
youtuber saw a decrease in revenue also
Google's valuation dropped by like 750
million dollars in a day a big fine you
do have a few different systems that put
content into buckets they have a manual
that's like handpick channels like crash
course or they can say this is good
advertisers it's safe go here it's very
expensive and then they have an
algorithmic bucket that's like no ads on
any of this stuff ever because it's
about marijuana smoking or whatever then
there's a middle area where it's
confusing and no one knows how it works
adopts what we do know is after this
hullabaloo all of the algorithms got
tightened so while some channels have
rebounded a lot of channels went down
and then went down further as they were
put into buckets worked for not getting
as many ads this is really squeezed
creators who are making content that may
be good but not like super happy family
funtime stuff and again it's like is
this worth it is this relationship
between content and brands that was
designed by the way for radio is it a
useless holdover from another century
and if so are we going to have to find
other ways to turn the value that we
create into value that we can spend and
if so will advertisers lose their
ability to reach people who are 165 and
if so is that really a bad thing because
do we really need advertisers telling us
how to spend our money I think I feel
like I could figure that out of my own
if we were forced to if the value
proposition breaks we will find and we
have already have started to do this new
ways to support great content on the
internet and scription services like
rooster teeth's first youtube bread
patreon really great and productive
relationships like one-on-one
relationships between creators and
brands that communities like this
continues to happen YouTube and
advertisers are going to have to be
careful because eventually they're going
to need our eyeballs more than we need
their pennies John I'll see you on
Tuesday if you are a creator who makes
stuff on the internet the internet
creators guild is a thing that it's
designed to advocate for people like you
and if you're interested in finding out
more about that there's some links in
the description
