hey what's up you guys so today I have
kind of a storytime slash announcement
before I get into that today's video is
sponsored by barkbox and they helped me
do something really really cool and I'm
so excited about that I'm going to talk
about later in the video but basically
because of them I was able to really
help somebody out like I'll talk about
that later so the story starts in San
Francisco I mean Riley decided to go to
San Francisco just for like a weekend
trip morning since Terry and while we
were there we were walking down the
street and we saw this dog adoption and
I wasn't gonna stop and then I did and
then this happened I know I fell in love
with this dog I mean I was taking
pictures with the dog Rylan was taking
pictures with the dog
we were snap chatting and Instagram
storying I think we hung out at that
adoption for like three hours
but it was one of those things where I
just instantly knew like this was part
of my family then I texted Garrett and
of course his response was get him get
him get him get him I loved him get him
get him then I texted my mom and she
sent me this video yes it's gonna be a
lot of work but you know me I have a
house full of pets and I love them all I
don't know what I would do without them
they're like my kids I love them more
than anything love you and then mean
Rylan said fuck it and we just decided
to adopt her
but the problem was we're in San
Francisco and we live in LA but the
woman who ran the adoption offered to
drive the dog to us for free I told her
I wanted to pay her for it and she said
no that this is just what she loves to
do and she was happy that the dog was
gonna get a nice home so then we decided
to celebrate by going to a Mexican
restaurant eating a lot of chips and
getting very drunk and going into a
group TM chat on Twitter
we love you Shane's pigs so we went back
to LA and all week we were getting
updates from the woman who we dumped the
dog from Jill and every update I was
like get me this dog I mean there was
videos of her at the groomer pictures of
her eating pictures of her playing with
her favorite toy which is a little bead
and just a million pictures of her and
looking like the sweetest thing in the
whole world
and then I woke up with a text from Jill
and she said we're on our way and she
sent me this picture I think I actually
screamed when I read that so just a
quick little background on Jill so she
runs a rescue organization called
bellavita rescue so her and her teenage
daughter travel across the country and
get dogs who have been abandoned or who
are gonna get killed in the shelter who
just needs some buddies they literally
travel around the country and do that
and they called me when they were on the
road and they were like hey we're gonna
be a couple hours late
we found a litter of stray puppies that
were abandoned on the side of the road
like angels and when I came home later
that night she was there okay you guys
the change just about to be home we've
got the dogs waiting lady are you ready
to see Shane Shane guess what's going on
telega
oh she remembers yeah oh my gosh so
they're getting along yeah they're
getting along great no I I think the
best part about that was I was extremely
excited Ryland was excited but Jill and
her daughter Bella were like even more
excited than we were because they
genuinely loved finding dogs homes like
they drove eight hours to get this dog
to us and then she told us how she found
our dog which was just perfect she was
in a very rural area where nobody lived
so somebody had to have driven out of
their way to dump her so that she
couldn't find home to come back to
so she was found by herself and from day
one she was just very scared starving
but didn't really want to eat well you
know we'll bring that out at her so then
the daughter pulled out some shirts that
she made for us oh my god and then we
hung out and talked and took a bunch of
pictures one thing they did tell me off
camera was that they do accept donations
but they feel a little weird about it
and they never want to look like they're
like asking for money and that's not why
they do what they do so I forced them I
said start a GoFundMe page like start
one because you guys need help so they
did I'll put the link down there and one
thing they said they really wanted was a
fan now they're doing all of this in
their little car I asked him how much it
was they said it was like $30,000 so I
got a sponsor for this video
barkbox and with the help of barkbox I
was able to write her a check for 30
dollars to get her now I didn't film
that whole thing because like that's not
what this was about but she was really
really excited and didn't want to take
it but I forced her to and you guys can
help too once again the link will be
down there for the GoFundMe they really
really need some help
and every dollar comes so later that
night it was time to hang out with our
new dog who we still didn't really have
a name for I think they temporarily
named her lady but I wasn't completely
loving that name so we still had to
figure that out so pretty instantly her
and uno became like best friends I mean
they were playing together they were
running together they were both looking
at my food together and they wouldn't
stop they slept on both of our labs I've
genuinely never seemed like two dogs get
that close that fast it was pretty crazy
she's so happy oh my god that was crazy
she like smiled
I'm a gbb why well then it was time to
introduce our new dog did she know now
Jill told us that we had to take it slow
and that Huskies sometimes don't get
along with cats but throughout the week
we have been watching a bunch of
different videos and researching a lot
about Huskies and cats and there is a
big chance that they will get along and
then they'll be best friends but then
there's a chance that they might not
okay so what you need to do I need to
have lady back here and you need to open
the door and cheeto King shoes if he
wants to meet her oh my god I love a
dating show oh my god the cats lair huh
no okay okay
meet your new husband
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
she doesn't literally not I am actually
having a panic attack
oh my god oh my god oh my god cuz from
what I rule I don't know that looks like
that looks like she's thinking about
dinner uh-oh
she don't finally found somebody that
he's scared of really hey stomach oh I'm
hungry
hey be patient me what dinner's coming
does cheeto he's our friend we love him
I mean he was a little bus that's what
I'm scared I don't know I just really
need them to like each other
hey she wasn't afraid she does like
what's not Shane you're missing it
be friends please be friends
oh my god this is everything I'm gonna
cry coming meow seems like cheedo making
a peace offering
I know I've never heard that soft of a
meow from geo before it sounded like hey
can we be friends
Cheetos like look at my a smile a block
away huh oh my god it's happening oh my
god so didn't go bad it didn't go great
like they weren't instantly best friends
and by this point we had already fallen
so in love with this fucking dog that
the idea of having to get rid of her was
just so we're trying to figure out what
we're gonna do oh she's so cute but if
she doesn't get along with cheeto I
don't know what we're gonna do
I mean look at this face it has to work
this was just trying it tomorrow so if I
know it's time for bed and Jill told me
about the dog did not like stairs up the
stairs see he's afraid of activity just
like his dad and that was very true and
I ended up having to carry the dog up
the stairs myself hard
but then we all got into bed and it was
so cute ah coming on and of course I got
fucking creepy oh it's its target then I
had a moment of thinking she could
understand my mouth pops I just realized
something she only responds to my pops
ready then we all fell asleep in the bed
and it was just the best so then the
next morning we decided we had to figure
out a name
root beer no Daniel Peugeot Lee I bitch
I like quiz
no let's go it's giving us thousands of
dollars wait let's see what she comes to
like shook no Chucky I'm not walking the
dog and ssangshik e in public queen
bougie frosting Starbucks star C hey oh
my god wait mouth pop not pop and then
for short this dogs never gonna have a
name I even got a video message from
Garrett giving me some of his name ideas
Jane you want dog names I'll tell you
what you came to the right guy
now listen I came up with 12 but also
don't look at my car it's disgusting
link Molly Brown Bette pine kiss Chris
panting straining sorry coupe Sega uma
like the actress Uma Thurman Earle
even though it's a girl sorry Bren
Trinity and croc as in Laura Croft but
here I'm gonna focus on the one that I
really like I think that the name of
your dog is going to be L the L driver
was the inspiration from Kill Bill the
woman would
patch-over her ID thank you young master
your dog is eventually going to have a
patch over her eye as well because
remember when she doe scratch the shit
out of her islands face that's gonna
happen to not only your new dog but
every member of your household okay I'm
gonna go find a breakfast burrito it is
2:35 p.m. after all by then the craziest
thing in the whole world happened we
were literally filming a video for
Rylands channel and then he said oh this
is a brand deal I have to get something
and then this happened honey
so graciously decided to sponsor this
video which I'm so excited we honey
yeah oh my god oh my god honey oh my god
honey wait honey oh my god she looks
like honey honey oh wait like honey oh
my god you know I just had a psychic
moment what toy is she obsessed with her
favorite toy which is a little big oh my
god oh honey I know
we literally figured out the name and it
felt so weird and like right and she is
just so sweet
well then it was time for us to try
again and see him honey and cheeto could
be friends all right honey let's try
this again
I hear okay come say hi cheeto I'm
saying be nice be nice be nice
both of you be nice cheeto wait that
went good yeah that was great
Oh see honey that's what it's like they
have cheeto Hey
oh my god
just letting cheeto eat her food yeah
even I won't do that well you guys can
coexist be nice oh my gosh should I just
ate off her paw cutest thing I've ever
seen in metal sheet oh right they're
like so then I did what any other new
daddy does I wanted to spend some money
alright guys go so we're gonna do what
spent some money like ah so we ended up
going to Target and we got so much shit
what the fuck are these cute gears it
doesn't make sense cuz they're still
right here we got dong toys we got
treats for the dog but mostly for me oh
my god there's new kinds of M&Ms dogs
can't have chocolate
I know but pigs can and then for some
reason I don't quite understand a shit
ton of Jojo so husky merch I'll never
know how to say that when Jojo cures me
of my depression oh my god they also
have her hair bows oh my god dream huge
when this becomes a Jojo brand deal it
is hair coming out the back oh that's a
dog toy for your own star when George
was menu therapist so then it was time
to come home so me and honey could do
our first brand deal together oh my god
you look keep talking that job come on
I'm trying to treat come on okay don't
run from Jojo she's Queen I'm Jojo 30
years so barkbox is awesome and I've
worked at them before in the past so
it's a monthly subscription service
where you give this bark box every month
and every box has two really cool toys
and two bags of all-natural treats all
right all right it's a lot happening and
something that you want all this stuff
is really high-quality and I'm not just
saying that because they told me to say
that it really is you get 40 bucks worth
of treats and toys and plans only start
it like 20 bucks a month all right Jojo
posed with the box I was born for this
you can also upgrade to get an extra tie
every month and that's only an extra
nine bucks
you're doing great sweetie it's free
shipping anywhere in the u.s. in Canada
they're really awesome company and I
really love them along also without
barkbox I would not have been able to
give Jill that $30,000 so barkbox thank
you so please if you have a dog or you
know somebody that has a dog and you
want to gift it to them go to bark box
calm slash you know Dawson so here we go
I am so excited to introduce to you guys
honey come on guys all right we have
another kid no I say that lovingly I
know that having another dog's a lot
more work but it's definitely worth it
well I'm just really happy that our
little family's growing and that her and
Cheeto are now getting along and their
best friend well I hope you guys love
honey as much as we do we are so excited
and I don't know I feel like my little
family's gotten bigger yeah kids next
only I can name the ranch no all right
you guys hope you enjoyed this video I'm
excited about honey being a party to and
all the hair that's everywhere yeah it's
a lot see you guys later
