okay so before we get started this video
is sponsored by Dollar Shave Club and
that is important because of what's
about to happen so as you guys know
about a month ago I found this youtuber
named Bobby burns now bobby made a hate
video about me a terrible terrible
content and then i wanted to respond to
him so i flew him out to my house and we
made three videos together and through
that process we actually became really
close and i kind of feel like i'm a
little bit of like a dad slash mentor to
him he's like 20 turning 21 I'm almost
but he's so incredibly talented and I
really wanted to figure out how to work
so he's flying out here we're gonna talk
about what you can do for my channel and
I think we're deciding on doing some
type of news series on like Sundays on
my channel but I'll get into that later
so it's also his birthday and I wanted
to do something really special for him
and he's moving out to LA soon so he
could really pursue more this YouTube
thing and I want to help and if you live
in LA you have to have especially if
he's gonna be doing a lot of video
shoots he's gonna have to have a big car
to put all the equipment in and the
amount of freeways like he needs a car
so I know this is crazy
and I have never done anything like this
before
but today I want to surprise him with a
car I know okay I know I'm not trying to
be a Paul I promise but I'm trying to
justify it this video is sponsored so
that's definitely going to go towards it
and it's no secret that YouTube money
has not been great lately but it's one
of those things where I feel like what
you give out is what you receive and to
be able to help somebody who is really
just starting out and moving to LA and
scared and nervous and like needs
support to be able to help them I just
feel like that's so here is the plan
Garrett is coming over right now to film
a video with me and Bobby
he has no idea when it's about we're
meeting Bobby at 2:00 p.m. it is now
10:00 a.m.
Bobby has no idea what's happening so
it's gonna be an adventure and
nervous I'm also really excited oh my
god what am i doing no all right let's
go tell everybody we're buying a car
come in I was tossing it oh you're such
a big dumb dog so you know we're filming
a video with Bobby today yes I probably
car what is that
it says happy birthday and welcome to LA
Bobby the most important thing you can
have in this city is a good friend so
drop the zeroes and get with the hero
because I'm all you need be my Valentine
and I said PS do not open this card in
front of Jordan that's his girlfriend
that's crazy
it's not crazy till we know what he says
and how he responds so literally
straight with the girlfriend
just for fun how do I get the creepy
controversies okay everybody sit on the
couch I have news okay so you know how
it's his birthday yeah we're gonna do a
little cake party he's 21 there's gonna
be alcohol in the kitchen you can okay I
have a better idea I was thinking that I
want to buy him a car like I use two
thousand dollar car the joke is that
it's gonna be a junker and a clunker and
you're gonna say I'm buying you a car
and then it's gonna pull up and all be
in it with like some Taco Bell Tesla
rate or a G Wagon this is my car no a
sensible breeze like a 2006 your 2006 no
but I do think he needs a better car he
needs a bigger car you could put
equipment and I was thinking what if I
got him a matching Jeep like his daddy
what are you trying to do I want to be
reasonable okay
I don't know prices of anything because
I'm a youtuber but I don't much my car
was and my car and of a used piece of
shit so I wanted to be a little nicer
than that
well you already have a better car than
you got you when you have a kid you want
to give them a better life than you have
do I need to tell ya no okay so here's
what I think we should do we only have a
couple hours because Bobby were maybe
human like - so we need to go to a car
dealership buy a car
those choices take weeks for me in my
life okay Hertz we gotta go I don't know
anything where are we going Google it
just I'll be here you're coming I think
what they give him the car they're gonna
do it like this like once he reads it
like will you be my Valentine I'll do
this so he knows that I'm not acting
around like he can't say no why do I all
right family ready to go car shopping
let me know if you need access to your
piss bottle shame oh thank you no what
do you what are you doing was that fake
I thought it was I'm never kissing you
again why do you the baby oh this is our
child are you crazy - cuz that's gonna
make this experience so much better
oh no yeah we're carrying a baby for 24
hours great let's go car shopping Shane
what are you doing on that car why is
that Carly I've never seen a bird shit
like this we should cover Bobby's car in
like shit or something and then you can
make a game of like reveal your nice car
that'd be fun that'd be nice
all right Ramos they're never driven
we're gonna go look at some girl that's
a big top scar right oh my god we should
get it customized put hater on the side
oh shit I'm gonna be so excited you're
good at my dream car oh okay new video
idea all my money signs are yellow we
get one car and that's it I am worried
about you how are you affording this if
you do bad
well we'd like the comments to come to
life oh my god you're gonna get kicked
out are they gonna pretty woman else and
be like you can't afford this they will
I'm not I'm gonna be like ina oh my god
it has a bowl on it okay we're getting
that one it's over three hundred million
dollars have you ever bought anything
yeah we were looking at this one
just 25 on something can I see you
inside
oh I can't wait to go to all my business
meetings oh my god it smells rich the
door opens good
there's notice why are there so many
numbers ah there's a place for the key
bottle I mean a place for my money
doesn't believe me at all should I buy
just to prove I feel like the key road
king of the tube let's go here we can't
afford this Jake powered by anyone Jake
Paul would kill you and film it alright
so that was a little too expensive for
Bobby and a little too expensive for me
so we're gonna move on it's fine I like
my Jeep it's great it really has that
wow factor
nice
huddle right there to the Jeep ice
back to reality oh I love Jesus I think
Bob is gonna love it
I think it's cute it's gonna match mine
and it's going to be 1/4 of the price of
every lab oh you should put a piss
bottle in there for him yeah I love
daddy son gold huh okay so somebody made
a video about me on the Internet where
they called me awful and they hated me a
lot so I'm gonna buy them a car okay I'm
good yeah so I need up the last achieve
new with room for a bottle than here
they all have rooms about they have
space for that four-door black not
g-wagon they said there might be went up
on the roof and he's gonna look
look at the basketball hoop in here you
want to see me shoot him LeBron J
Michael Jordan oh I got one oh and in
fact I'll challenge him Blake Griffin
yeah bet you've never seen anything like
this I didn't realize that was
professional just thinking about my new
ball life Wranglers such a bother
what are we go to the carnival what do
you think about G wagons they're just a
little too pricey for me but that's
gonna be a little bit more expensive I
don't know what we want to take a look
at that look how much is that what's
your favorite kind of pizza whatever
peak say I like everything it's right
here
I'm above the boy
oh definitely doesn't know the same
feeling is a thing of the g-wagen but
you know what it's fine
it's his first car oh hello didn't know
this car comes with a little sweetie me
I think so alright let's do it
whoa love it oh it has it all oh so this
you could just take off yeah
throwing money on the fucking ceiling
whoa
or just throwing your hands up in having
a good time yeah I mean it is crazy this
is nicer than your car I know this is
like actually nice for them I go should
we do yours look at look at that was
skeptical the baby looks at this moment
oh okay so we need a paperwork I also
have a Dollar Shave Club kit it's really
convenient easy to use you should give
your boat light they're so nice well
rather than there's a kid center do you
want to take the baby
yes he's crying
I cannot believe this is happening I
cannot believe I got this oh my god okay
I feel it a word broke okay here's the
plan
you drive this to my mom I'll Drive my
car to my mom's and then we have to do
this fast because we're late and he's
gonna be here really soon okay
I'm gonna be here by myself just please
don't crash the car and die because it
was really expensive curious how she's
gonna react that's already butter so we
post mated this for a reason so remember
Bobby remember the kid that you wish was
probably your son instead of me with
great bone structure you have some great
bone structure what is your name what is
this so he's moving to LA no to work
with me and do a show on my channel
what's really exciting oh my gosh funny
and I wanted to surprise me because it's
like one of them to me Oh so because
he's lived in LA and it's his birthday I
wanted to do something special and I
know it's crazy but you better brace
yourself Theresa well let us tell them
oh are you going outside yeah
okay so I thought so I thought because
like you
you know starting over and like he needs
a car and look I got him a matching one
oh my god I'm gonna cry he's gonna like
have a recap I'm hoping oh well let's go
put a bow on it let's do it together
actually we just put let's go inside
he's on his way I need to figure this
out Rylan should you pull up so how do
we do this we have to hide it how do we
had a car well that's a good question
David Blaine sorry okay jeez how about
you Park it like over there on the other
side of the street because he won't see
that and we'll do the bow thing later
we'll do it later
Hajin when's he coming on his way oh
when he sees it that's it my nose is
already running I thought you meant
bastard he's dead
okay welcome back to le be back you okay
yes oh hey so fun
hello I gotta tell you something I got a
card for you okay so it looks like this
and you can just well you can just rate
yourself the most important thing you
can have in the city is a good friend
can open this card in front of Jordan no
you guys are perfect for each other
fuck you but my main point is that
really welcome to LA I'm so excited that
you're here and happy birthday thank you
so much and it's gonna be amazing
yeah like after this because if you guys
are just doing introductions always be
back in like five minutes get my keys
okay so obviously you're here you're
delaying and we're to try to start so
I'm gonna show together for your channel
yes and we're gonna like get into all
that later but it's your birthday week
and 21 is a big deal yes yes and I feel
like every 21 year old you'd have
somebody serve them their drink I used
to work at this you skate okay
hi welcome to the Cheesecake Factory my
name is gay
to this next step of our lives together
being friends former haters current
lovers and business partners okay
so alcohol from my mom isn't the only
thing you're getting today so I wanted
to do something special for you for your
birthday okay and this is kind of dumb
but I think you'll like it
okay I have somebody here oh my god this
is your first Shane surprise okay okay
so I'm gonna cover your eyes okay come
on dear misty make sure you can't see I
can't
oh all right now because you're moving
to LA okay because you're gonna be okay
what wait what wait what what are you
serious yeah are you fucking serious
yeah wait what the fuck so now you're in
LA you have a new car words it's big you
can put the equipment in it what oh my
god I love it okay I'll take it back I'm
kidding it's mine do you like it I
didn't know what kind of cars I talked
to Jordan made her I've been
coordinating this I did that's true I
did notice the boat fuck I don't even I
literally don't even know what to do
right now I know me too
I've never done this before oh my god
amazing I love it
and now we're matching I think I'll
hyperventilate a little bit let's take a
second okay okay so that happened
yeah and now's the time where you're
gonna help me pay for it what the help I
just bounced right off the top but if
you die Monica I've never done a Dollar
Shave Club sponsorship before why are
you begging I also have yummy teach
anyone okay you can use my bathroom for
your brand deal perfect
hey can we come watch your brand new
wait what I already spent okay so this
is the Dollar Shave Club starter kit is
this the kid that they're giving away
two new members for $5.00
uh-huh tell them what's in the box shape
oh so inside of the box is the shave
butter the warming lavender body
cleanser and erasers and beautiful
razors the fuck wives as well is this oh
yes and the butt wipes are we gonna
using those Oh mom you should try it
because Dollar Shave Club could you
leave that's perfect because the Dollar
Shave Club isn't just for men it's also
for women
I asked yeah you could totally shave
your legs with a teller perfect okay so
this is available at dollarshaveclub.com
slash shade okay wait so we should try
it we could try it on with the hairiest
harden your body
hurt your leg if Dollar Shave Club hits
me now I know you guys are thinking
humming razors are so annoying I always
have a bad experience but not this time
it's very easy the razors come to you
and they all work not to be cheesy but
thank you Dollar Shave Club responsibly
this video I don't get that many
sponsorships is very exciting and it
really did help me buy you a car and
that's a huge deal and has been a really
great game it's been really amazing
should we go play me test right let's do
it okay here we go first ride oh my god
Memphis that's oh my god oh it's so cute
I'm so happy
okay so now that you have your car and
you're moving to LA we have to figure
out what the show is gonna be that we're
gonna do together I still have no idea
but we're getting closer
yeah it would be cool to do something
that's kind of following my move out
here and kind of tracking the whole
experience but it's actually like to be
a youtuber oh you could do all the
things I don't want to do like what a
youtuber party oh my god take showers
get makeovers oh my god okay that's the
show all right guys we'll make year ago
I subscribe to Bobby and thank you
Dollar Shave Club for helping and I'm
really excited to see what we do but I
think the thing we should do next is
make sure your intentions are pure okay
so I think that we should go hit you mi
detector test
I want to ask you all the questions you
know I'm gonna have my whole squad
my whole family ask you anything we want
cuz we need to make sure that you're
here for the right reasons and that
you're not trying to kill me so that'll
be next week so I want you to start
documenting the entire experience now
who like coming out to hell yeah I
actually have already started them
actually I have a whole video perfect oh
it's a whole video kind of documenting
when whenever we first started talking
up until this video like when I first
dmg yeah what yeah you didn't tell me
that okay I'm excited guys go over is it
up yeah yeah it should be a bring up go
check it out go subscribe check out that
video I know I will I'm scared and I'm
just really happy that you're moving
here and happy working together and I
can't wait to ride around this G
d-daddy job if you want to did your job
