have you got it yes welcome back to the
weird side of YouTube now today we're
going to be talking about something
that's very opposite of me because I'm
fucking loud we're going to be talking
about ASMR now I'm aware of what ASMR is
it doesn't really work for me but I just
love the sound of people whispering
because their minds in high school and
everybody would whisper about me behind
my back so I think they would get
tingles I got figures but anyways I
found a girl named Ann smart darling who
is blowing up right now and her channel
is all an Tamar and it's a lot so I
thought we would watch some of that
together and then interview her and then
I'm going to try to do my own a similar
headphone users feel queasy okay I'm on
her channel I'm sorry I'm sorry
is the lot okay you guys I did it like
number one if I was 12 years old I would
watch this shit on a loop I'd be like
she's talking to me cuz she's like a
pretty girl in school like if she did
whisper in your ear you would get some
tingles and then you would trigger what
oh my god what with that with that she's
like bitch you need this you can see my
bro stage right now she's like i'ma try
to fix it but I just do fucked
this is sponsored hi miss can you
whisper about our brand safe
that's what it sounds like when I walk
on hardwood floors barefoot is my mom as
toenail she's like she would kill you
Evan laughs way she'd stab you and then
whisper like what oh my god boner
what that way she the family like I feel
like she'd be like all his all the
problems I have in my head not a thought
all I think about is how much longer am
I going to live and can I take it right
out of Sony video she's like very
specific good hey finally showdown the
only like um eight minutes late so are
you sure you want to get your makeup
done okay so this is like oh my gosh
she's playing like an apple who doesn't
want to be here me okay well my name is
Brittany nice to meet you
hi this is how every makeup artist and
never treated me nice to meet you this
is going to be hard so I'm basically
just going to be smearing this all over
your face to cover up all those this I
see and even some wrinkles honey
I have some anti-aging cream in my life
why are you driving do people like
hydroponics on this one
one of the comments does it's a little
difficult to sleep when I'm fighting a
bitch in my head okay listen I'm done
watching the video and I get I actually
like her a lot and I want the idea of
like somebody called talking to you how
can you squeeze now with you I mean it's
a little creepy because I don't get ASMR
so like I'm just watching a little girl
in her bedroom but either way I love
alright so I contacted ASMR darling and
I said want to do the interview and she
said
so here we go oh my god and some art
darling hi - how are tingling
this is so weird to hear you're like
actual voice not the whisper I can hear
your actual voice Wow
I did sir whisper freeze long just like
a little give me such a single tingle I
get it okay so let's get into an ASMR
what does it stand for
pantomime stands for autonomous sensory
meridian response and basically a very
complicated name for such a king leoric
wonderful feelings
so basically when you're doing sounds or
you're whispering or you're tapping on
things the person who experiences it
gets tingled and it feels really good
but this is something that not everybody
gets right only some people experience
it and some people don't
it's just depending on you don't really
know why I've never experienced it but
user experiences
no I just I guess I don't have that like
part in my brain but that does what does
it feel like it kind of - entranced my
state and you can feel like you people
look like how water running down like
from your scalp into your spine like
when I'm in like that I forget all my
surroundings I forget everything all my
halls on display focus all that one
little thing that trigger is see is the
opposite thing were like certain sounds
annoy the shit out of me and they give
me this like tingle of Rage like when my
mom eats Cheerios really loud or when
somebody's crunching on ships
but there's a lot of like common
misconceptions I know a lot of people
think it's like a sexual thing and think
it's a fetish and people think that they
are off to the videos what is that a
smarter self is not sexual I think it's
just something that came about in the
past couple years people actually
started making special and smart videos
ah absolutely nothing to do with the
wonderful feeling it really is now what
are your friends and family think about
all of this do they get it
well why first started doing the 8 more
videos I kept the speaker because I was
in Paris that it want anyone to know and
one people did figure out there was some
girl I went to high school went that was
Twitter make fun of me about it and this
is what happened less than 50,000
subscribers
my family was you know they're accepting
of what I want to deal with but my
friends were more weird it out
completely by and I got lost not half
like WTS this Taylor and once it picked
up people were like oh that's really
cool when you keep channel them and
they're just more about the fact I have
more subscribers now you know you know
it is hard because I feel like you're
going to go through that a lot of people
are not going to get it stuff but you're
like helping a lot of people and it's
really cool and I think people are
slowly starting to get it I possible
message me saying I help them with
insomnia
stress anxiety it's something that's
been called love it's really not you
know I'm not professional it's more kind
of about that personal touch that people
absolutely love well speaking of not
being a professional I want to try being
an atom or queen so really I think up to
blast it has a disputing Lloyd really oh
okay so give me tips like let's go over
some popular tingles so like what little
things can I do let me write this down
you can pet your cat you know anything
and sugar is the longer and I'm on top
of it so I'm going to pet my cat what
about my voice should I be saying things
and it will be into like whispering or
and I tend to like when you undone
really enunciate your words
you know like emphasis on your teeth and
your in your pee and stuff okay and is
there any other sound which
open up a bag of chips oh yeah chips
movie wanted people love that Green Wing
of the bag and also people love live
sounds too you know when you like open
something and hear like that kind of
light tapping is there anything I
shouldn't do is there any anti
triggering things anything that is sharp
loud noise basically out of the question
now a fart though I love the sounds of
parts and I'm not trying to be funny if
you focus on this part is that ASMR
could that be a good I be the first
farting a is more queen is not allowed
in a bro I think you could get away with
you in some nice juicy part perfect
juicy part
Jack you see know what else people like
that that juicy smoking right you got it
well thank you so much we I didn't even
get your real name do you reveal your
real name oh yeah well I don't see one
on one with you okay Taylor darling guys
please go check out the channel go
subscribe this isn't love send resume
comment saying what you should do next I
think you should do a like a drive-thru
role play I got it busy Starbucks
employee come on does it chick-fil-a
rolls like that I love chick-fil-a
perfect okay so much and I'm going to go
as far to a lecture okay guys I got ASMR
microphone that I bought on Amazon I
have my whole setup ready let's get some
tingles
hi sorry I just didn't know what now is
gonna be so fucking loud welcome back to
ASMR you should so today we're going to
be trying to give you some tingles using
the tips tricks that I've gotten from
ASMR darling so first we're going to
start with something simple my voice is
just scaring me first we're going to
start with some light scratching on my
dry skin so can you hear that
can you hear help
I thought people should we pop it now
let's move on do the sounds of chewing
so here I have a bag from CVS really dry
so here I have a bag of ruffles these
are loaded with bacon and cheddar potato
these are going to be really fucking
loud oh my god oh okay let's just take a
bite of this one this looks like my ass
oh my god
your class here we go oh that's what my
cells like school fuck that's good
let me grab my cat cheeto see hi
everybody
come on give a little / give him a
little scratch
oh you're scratching my face oh wow
that's my fucking back I just paid you
use your that that was buried Thank You
cheeto that was great now go plot
Daddy's death okay next I have some
lotion I thought this would be nice so
I'm just gonna be motioning up my legs
lotion so I'll just get up here it's not
giving you the tingles don't users you
know welcome okay
I got one of my favorite sweet treats I
got a Twinkie so I think what I do is
just um sucked the filling out here we
go I just suck that down with a nice
sugary coffee I choked that was
aggressive
now I don't have any farts inside of me
right now I will soon
I bought the whoopee cushion cause if I
like these could sound like you know my
farts scarily accurate so let's just
give a little - I'm gonna live farther
away oh here we go
Oh Oh give you ten goals oh these are
wet enough okay so last thing we're
going to do is I'm going to bring in
Ryland and we're going to test out some
of these a.s.m.r tingles on em okay the
ratleys here even it is not nothing
everybody I guess so I shall be honest
tell me when you feel the tingle or
what's what happened tell you see oh my
god are you ready daddy so first all I
think here is your breathing daddy's not
a shape okay here we go ready now get
ready to feel some intense tinkles
and we're throwing away it's really loud
it's just crackling in my ear not so
poised let it in yeah I have some beef
jerky and some Cheez Whiz hey you guys I
thought I've never seen it
you told your fake ass of our stand that
was discussed it would never got a
murrain hi okay we're going to take a
bite of this big boss let me just open
up the cheese that was good yeah I
actually just tried this out really fast
was that good yeah yeah no that's not
good okay we're just gonna put some
cheese on top of this Bon Appetit you're
okay you hear my job that's all breaking
can you hear about yes I can you hear
that I should go to a dentist when
here's off it step out and stop my
problem is Tuesday's you ruin the ASMR
by copying me - real voice and your
breathing way - laughs you think you can
answer my son less when it's pump run
all right what are you I'm going to try
it I don't know Slaney
okay I'm gonna be dry with Twinkie oh my
god you're good well yeah cuz I'm not
going okay that's it you're doing
okay what's less dragging for jingles -
today I'm going to be drying a Twinkie
so let me unwrap it I really like the
way Ross
you're not going to swallow that are you
we are at bar n bar business is hurt
haha hello oh my god coming didn't word
that combined with the Twinkie is not
working out for me
oh yeah I'll help you enjoy that weird
fucking video I love it tomorrow I get
it I love it let me know down the
comments to use any tinkle
also go subscribe to ASMR darling she's
fucking awesome and I love her and I'm
going to go fill up squeaky's with Cheez
Whiz because that's my life
alright you guys make sure to subscribe
to my channel right down below into each
of those I make new videos give atiba
day and also give me a thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video if you want to see
more of my weird side of YouTube videos
I don't want about furries and adult
babies I will put a link to a playlist
or the topic is formula alright you guys
Oh
