hi I'm calling about charge machine and
I just want to say that we're connected
and I just want to get coffee one day
and just talk about it no first of all
hookers don't do coffee I know I met a
hooker she didn't want coffee follow me
follow me
hang on a mana follow me follow me
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha we're
back on this game you guys follow me
around vlogs are taking over YouTube all
beauty gurus are doing it so that's why
you're doings you're trying to be like
Trish paid off
let's try to get actress PETA's at is to
be out right now and so would yours my
tits do not compare hers I can't I can't
even no tits come there no tits compared
to Trish yeah so we are hanging out
today we're gonna film some videos got
the cameras set up I got the lights set
up we got the marshmallow peeps set up
it's gonna be a weird day
we got Lilia Marie Johnson coming over
she is a minor she's under 18 she does
not know what she's in for
I know what I'm in for prison how about
follow me around foxes you're so much
fun kind of Misty's did you miss these
did you miss these you missed these you
missed these you know my god that's
really mean yes
you're mean ha ha the aftermath all
these gross peeps in the trash all came
from her mouth not my mouth I couldn't
fit all those in my mouth but you know
who could fit all those in her mouth
not surprising ha ha ha like straight up
like could read from the Bible like the
whole thing if you haven't seen her
video you have no idea what she's
talking about but go check it out see
yes we have her here she's here my flesh
I have pink peeps all over
we're like using an abusing UI FL that's
what happens when an underage child
comes to my house I use them I abused
them and I fill their mouths anyway with
peace anyways haha how long it's been so
long since I've seen you yeah yeah I've
just got a playlist okay first of all
it's in Florida which is I mean hot
second of all playlet that's really ten
year old
no it's fun for you and your friend you
and your friends were like sure five
years old and you guys are like hanging
on like talking and like playing the
pool
yes yes I'm in the 25 I can't I can't be
hanging out with you like in a ball pit
like that's not right the playground you
can like see one of the parents no
playground just like be one of the
parents I like talk to the other parents
while they wait for their like that's us
that's us we've become the parents you
talk to the other parent who's the other
parents generals yeah like jenna Marbles
generosity on the playground though
she's like the cool older sister really
don't lose your parent where that lose
everything anyway so we were playing
with these peas in a stocking silly
about this you have never put peeps in
the microwave before no I have it okay
we're about to do this you scoop like
one no a whole family I'm gonna have to
I'm the main you're the mom so yeah all
right ready
I see this all the time what's gonna
happen it's fun I don't know actually I
don't think I've ever done bunnies
before let's find out hey guys this is
so exciting to societal whole family
okay the man guinness a microwave yes
they're expanding yes they're spending
holy shit Oh what do we do is that it is
wait for them to expand even one yeah I
feel like that I think that's it yeah I
think like they're getting smaller no no
that no it's just getting juicier
getting juice no you close your eyes
during this video you're sound real
crust okay ready let's do happen I open
it Oh
hmm oh wait my fern is it good like a
marsh like a warm marshmallow no you
know what tastes like it tastes like
Lucky Charms aren't the little
marshmallows because it's like dry yeah
when you bite into it just a spin
anymore so shockingly it's not good so
don't do it
so don't be well we just killed a family
that's another thing I do when I bring
underage people over tonight all right
well you just left we had some fun I'm
gonna get arrested
I don't know it was like a little like
that crop top it was like her clothes
put clothes on you're too young for that
I know it was fun we had a lot of fun it
was awesome what else is happening
follow me around follow me around follow
me around these are supposed to be
interesting my life is not interesting
they don't have a life that's true
I got wait I'll do a quick haul I got
kettle corn and the husband and I got a
candle smells like ass and then I got
one of Miley Cyrus's chopsticks that
also smells like ass and then I got a
Buddha oh I don't really believe in him
or understand why that's here but you
know Lisa loves it and then I got a snow
globe and then some dog toys and ooh bow
Burnham's book egg head on sale now let
me simple per annum that's bad
follow me around how was it guys you
want to follow me around more huh huh
mmm I like to put my peeps in the
freezer I like it Lisa try to throw them
away I put him in the freezer aren't you
guys happy up funding without the I bet
I do I'll see you tomorrow I'm just
gonna leave it in here
bye I just get it mmm I'm gonna grab a
peak before I go okay clock right I'm
gonna be wearing my sling Lionel's
because I don't want you to look at my
eyes Prada
