it's another hotel blog except this time
I look like I am in a princess's bedroom
that's terrifying Hank what's up you
guys
I am tangled frozen those are the only
princess things I know and I haven't
seen either of them but tangled and
frozen is what happened when I walked
outside last night in the cold know what
I'm saying
I have a lot of pubes okay hey just
thought I'd make a little video to say
hey I know you guys are getting a lot of
my long hair slash wig videos so once in
a while I decided to make videos where
I'm not wearing a wig so that's what
this is um my voice is gone and I don't
know why I may because I was screaming
because I thought I saw the Jonas
Brothers today it was not the Jonas
Brothers it was three gardeners and they
were we whacking and listen don't say
Shane how did you think they were the
Jonas Brothers if they were weed
whacking a lot to where I say well it
was three guys we whacking the lawn what
else are the Jonas friends are doing
right now
no I'm saying so anyways uh I did a
little shopping thought I would show you
guys what a god I'm trying to be ready
for VidCon which is this Friday I'm
terrified I'm terrified I'm excited I'm
tan I did not go and get a tan by the
way I'm red that's I did not mean tan
because I had my body does not tan my
body gets red am I going through puberty
because now my voice is getting deeper
is this my new voice okay that's not
good hello hello hello
uh-uh in front of your eyes I went to
get some clothes for VidCon because I'm
trying to figure out what I want to do I
got this new hair I got this this new
hair
I'm kidding that's been there since I
was like five I'm gonna trim this not on
camera I like to save some things for
myself shopping today can buy shopping I
mean I was walking around Santa Monica
looking for food and while I was looking
for food
I am went to a couple stores and I was I
was real quick cuz I was trying to get
them food no I'm saying that looks good
great put it on I'm trying to reach
outside of my comfort zone because my
comfort zone is at this black shirt
black pants black all black black don't
crack black attack cut sunglasses gay
douchey somewhere in the middle gooshie
not Gucci but Gucci Kay douchey they're
actually product
I don't even what that means I've seen
it on a JLo poster before I thought that
was her album cover name Prada by JLo
these were not expensive though so
please don't be like oh my god Shane
you've changed these were just as much
as the shitty Oakley ones so I just went
for this I needed something and it's not
even because of like fashion or whatever
I don't give a fuck about that it's more
I have really bad eyes like when I look
when I go outside my eyes hurt and I'm
like this all the time and my brother I
guess has like a tumor in his eye
because he's been looking to the Sun too
much and it's hereditary so high tumors
sunglasses what's the help so I did that
now before I whip this out I just want
you to know that I'm kind of against it
but I'm trying it out and doing new
things I'm a new man I'm the same man
but I just have different hair now okay
shorts I know I know calm down
I don't know I don't know I don't know
oh my god now you know its size I am top
34 fat fuck slim straight that's I'm not
neither of those so I'm going to try
these am I gonna actually go through and
wear these at VidCon probably not
because I don't want to have to use it
no no on my legs
um shirts I I got a shirt I got two
shirts I got three shirts there's a lot
of shirts now I didn't know if I was a
small or medium and I didn't feel like
trying them on so I got both once again
they were not expensive so stop judging
me there at this thirds are simple this
like a pocket from a condoms and just
that was a joke cuz I don't use condoms
um just that and then I got this because
I was like wake up in the morning
feeling like Tyler Oakley and that's
kind of where I went with that this is
just like but not why I'm showing you
guys my clothes Who am I what have I
turned into I don't like it what else
have I done today today was you was
really just about I rented a rented I
looked got I don't know the word I am in
a hotel because I wanted just a day to
myself and to I need to like I need have
really needed to focus on writing
starting I'm this is ironic because what
I'm about to say is something I should
be good with words I am starting to
write my book I can't fucking speak but
I'm trying to write my book so I wanted
to just like it I'm by the beach I'm
just chilling I got my laptop trying to
write my book getting ready for VidCon
really missing Lisa and corny but you
know they're eating each other out or
something having a lot more fun than I
am and I'm doing pretty good on the book
I've got like five five chapters done
that's not gonna come out to like next
year but I'm excited about it um I
didn't know I was I was really that into
writing I mean I write scripts and stuff
but I didn't know how I was gonna be
this excited about the book sorry the
book I keep calling it a book when
obviously the book bu k bu ke Buch
hockey oh my god the title of my book
should be bukkake so when I say oh this
is my bukkake wrap it up your parents
will let you buy that right and yeah so
they're gonna that's just my update this
is long too long for what it was I will
see you guys at VidCon on Friday
remember I didn't uh 12:30 p.m. yes
12:30 p.m. I don't know where yet but
it's at VidCon and I'm gonna be there
and I'm gonna show the trailer for the
movie I'm gonna tell you guys what the
title of the movie is which I'm excited
about and I'm going to do a
meet-and-greet after that and it's gonna
be fun so I'm gonna be wearing my little
animals because I don't want you to look
at my eyes forever
oh by the way I've been playing this new
game where every time I say something
like kind of mean which is all the
fucking time I do this you shop at
American Eagle
more like American walrus do you see
what I'm doing here you see do you see
what this is I'm throwing shade I think
that's funnier than it is but anyways
throwing shade I love you guys I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go bang the bounce on my
princess bed alone I'm sleeping beauty
bye oh wait question of the day shorts
what are your thoughts
should I try them should I no no my legs
I think I should bike so I might have
been wearing one of these
what is that this is my sheep
