to bomb , we talk about everything
that's blowing up on the internet I
don't know what my hair is doing it just
is kind of doing this and I'm excited to
see where it takes me
chances are you've ridden an escalator
and the fact that those giant metal
contraptions with grinding gears and
sharp edges are just sort of accepted
with a nobody giving a real thought to
the severe danger involved boggles my
mind I do wonder if maybe there should
be age limits on escalators because I
know a lot of teenagers run up the down
escalator or vice versa which is
terrifying and then sometimes old ladies
well you'll see is it that my biggest
curiosity is whether or not she made it
all the way up because she was going
strong there I'm assuming you're really
into science no not really into science
okay what about chemistry that's what
they used to make math know don't care
gosh this must be what parents feel like
well to simplify this next clip some
people threw some sodium into a lake and
it went boom Shakalaka except not the
Shakalaka part just the boom sans
Shakalaka
and now for the part of the video that
proves this is from the 21st century the
age-old question is brought back to
light if a leg explodes in the woods and
no one is around to vlog it doesn't make
a noise yes miss we're on YouTube
I learned that Shane Dawson wind
snip-snip and not snip snip on though
but snip snip to his hair so this
happened yes I have no hair I haven't
actually seen my forehead and like I'm
here get this get this get this
get what okay he cut his hair a few
months ago and in some of his latest
videos he was wearing a wig so I might
have been wearing one of these so does
that mean if I wear my hair like this
people think I'm Shane Dawson no it's
not good enough
hey what's up you guys the title of this
video was Justin Bieber is dead and
herpes nailed it thank you for watching
this hair or raising episode of on Comm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this week's episode please be sure
to give two a thumbs up and head on over
to youtube.com slash Alexis chizel to
check out my latest video here's a tiny
tiny preview then the friend you could
have had punches you in the face because
she's actually a convicted felon that
looks cool in the day have you been able
to figure out which log Shane is wearing
a wig in if you go back through his
videos I'm sure you will find a few and
make sure you leave them in the comments
so other people can be detectives and
find them also do detective use blocks
binocular but to forfeit za good
