hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news my name is destory
and I think that country music sounds
like a llama having an abortion just my
opinion but this is what the fuck news
where we focus on the news that makes
you say what the fuck and not be
terrible terrible news that makes you
want to put your tit in a bear trap
because of how fucking sad it is so the
first story I want to talk about today
comes from Daytona Beach Florida where a
man was arrested trying to give a
prostitute a salad as her form of
payment 29 year old Alonzo Liberman's
told the prostitute was really an
undercover cop he couldn't afford to
paint her but could give her a salad
instead for her services of mouth to the
penis and I wondered if she really was a
prostitute if she would just accept this
like oh my god I love salad you get
three blowjobs
hmm Liv ermine was arrested shortly
after she rejected his offer but just
how does one go about trying to get a
blowjob in exchange for salad like What
did he say to try to convince her that
that was a good deal first off I just
wanted to say it has croutons in the
sound and really really tasty secondly I
don't have any dressing but if you start
blowing me right now I might have
something to put on it Oh God Blin
Fuhrman was apparently one of 10 men who
was arrested in the police's sting
operation along with NBA draft pick to
picket and a man named Michael Jackson
obviously it's not the real Michael
Jackson because he would be interested
in prostitutes he be too busy picking up
his dates from the playground who too
soon my bad in dead old people news a
woman from New Orleans attended her own
funeral while her dead body held
cigarettes and beer while a disco light
flashed in the background wow they
really know how to put the fun back into
butor law Beale 853 no Miriam burbank's
two daughters said that she was a bit of
a party girl when she was alive
and wanted a funeral that would make her
proud so they put her next to her
favorite beer wine and cigarettes while
some awesome bumpin music played in the
background if people danced around her
dead body
she really was the life of the party oh
no I just hope that I go out the same
way only I'm gonna take it a step
further and just rape my body two wires
at my funeral now I could just dance
among the audience like pieces of my
dead flesh of this flying everywhere in
the audience my mom's just in the corner
crying her eyes out this god dammit that
Street you little asshole in Moore what
the fuck news a man killed another man
with a single punch in a subway station
near New York City the 27 year old Kevin
McDaniel punched the 45 year old James
Koontz ax after an argument broke out
that escalated into a physical fight as
of now we don't know what the argument
was about but I can only assume it was
about how cheese pieces are better than
pepperoni pizzas cuz that's what New
Yorkers fight about right this vent
cosmic Daniel to assault the man whose
head then hit the concrete wall of the
hundred and twenty-fifth street platform
causing him to die on impact what the
fuck is this guy the Hulk
anyways Hercules then ran away but then
was caught several days later when the
police was watching Dragon Ball Z and
noticed that Goku and this guy have
similar fighting styles I'm just kidding
but seriously Superman was caught
several days later after police sketch
identified him from the subways CCTV
footage of the Shaolin master getting
aboard the subway in gigantic Boehner
what the fuck news no but seriously
a statue of Spiderman was removed from a
South Korean playground when everyone
noticed that Spiderman had a gigantic
boner the artist Ewan Suk you you
wouldn't sook you and you wanted sook
you once if you you okay met stiff
resistance from the people who ran the
shopping center that the statue was
erected on and after taking a hard long
look at the statue suspicions were
aroused by its vulgarity the statue has
since been jerked off the wall after
being hung on the wall for almost a year
before people started to notice
spider-man's rock-hard vagina minor the
artist was then thrust into a decision
to modify his fleshy meat mask so it
could be left on the wall but no one
could come to an agreement penis but
lastly in some movie news they line up
for the next four years of DC comic
movies has been revealed and
even some of the casting decisions for
those movies apparently this is supposed
to be revealed at comic-con this year in
San Diego but it was revealed early for
some fucking reason
so starting chronologically in May of
2016 we have the Batman vs. Superman
movie dawn of Justice will actually
feature Jason Momoa who played Khal
Drogo in the Game of Thrones series as
an Aquaman
oddly enough July 2016 will be B movies
Shazam which is not that that we was
shopping at playing a genie I thought
the same thing that's actually cuz they
oh thank goodness though does that movie
fucking sucks
in December 2016 is the movie Sandman
which is not the shitty villain from
fucking spider-man 3 but it's actually a
dark awesome horror comic that was in
the DC Universe it may actually be
played by the oh so handsome Joseph
gordon-levitt - soo handsome I am NOT
making it seem like I'm very straight
but I assure you I am Justin
gordon-levitt knew in May of 2017 is the
Justice League movie which is basically
like The Avengers of the DC Universe in
July 2017 will be the Wonder Woman movie
which will feature a gal gadot from The
Fast & Furious franchise holy shit
that's hard to say
that's a Furious franchise Fast and
Furious print followed by a flash and
Green Lantern team up movie that has not
been named in December of 2017 and then
lastly Man of Steel 2 which will be
intimated of 2018 as a ban of the first
Man of Steel movie I'm actually really
excited to see how these movies pan out
but sadly I am more of a marvel fan than
I am of DC so don't tell anyone
says the man who's wearing a Batman
shirt hold that thought there we go
anyways this has been another episode of
what the fuck news question of the day
for you guys is if you did not have
money to pay a hooker what would you pay
them in this should be interesting
leave those in the comment section down
below all of these stories as always or
in the description along with all of my
links also make sure to check out my
channel at youtube.com slash
Captain Estes for more of me anyways I
will see you next week for another what
the fuck news and fairly
