so there's been a lot of stuff going on
with Drake Bell in yourself
ooh can you kind of fill us in on what's
actually happening what is happening is
still hanging on in 3d that's what I
want to talk about that's what I came
here to talk about Andrew you somebody
get this bitch away from me
hey that's because yes I am back for my
weekly torture just consider this a
hostile I am the American and you are
the crazy foreign person who wants to
kill me for money because that's how it
feels every time I play one of these
terrible fucking games feels like you
have a wrench around my balls and you're
just pulling pulling pulling and
screaming at me a Jarman anyways let's
get started today's game is called
stardoll this is going to be terrible oh
here we are
another one of those games where you can
pretend to be anybody other than
yourself do I want to be Jennifer
Lawrence on the red carpet do I want to
be Jennifer Lawrence on ecstasy do I
want to be Jennifer Lawrence when she
goes through her emo phase or do I want
to be Jennifer Hudson choices are
endless I'm gonna go with this crying
Asian Google cuz that's how I feel
inside
it can mean Bryan Asian girl it's
available wall customize your dog look
she's naked I like that she starts with
pig ears because I feel like you know
getting naked in her opinion is keeping
on her eye tattoo and her pig ears and
her horrible fitting underwear that
makes it look like she's balls okay do
we want a normal face or do we want a
normal face or a different normal face I
don't know let's pick that one yep she
looks the same do we want a rash yeah
what that is sure give a rash 100% rash
hair Oh God do we want a beauty guru do
we want a beauty guru who doesn't know
what they're doing or do we want me if I
don't wash my hair yeah we'll go with
that one so it's like Jordin Sparks on
America I don't look for the game for
the makeover I don't want to remember
that all right let's make her ooh
that's as big as I can get huh body
discrimination all right let's make a
really big oh here we go ah still not as
big as I'd like oh my god
ah the colors of my skin whoa oh it's me
with my shirt off perfect
oh look at her
oh she has a disease looks like she has
so many diseases used to camera that's
how all my selfies look when I'm when my
mom takes them cuz you don't know where
the fuck she's pointing right go over
there oh you know just like in real life
drag her better fucking follow to a pose
bitch hashtag no filter okay let's move
on where's like or we can talk to me
clubs in chat yes it's all I care about
create a club no I'll just join up a
club horse club like that
oh god is it only for horses hello this
is a club all about horses
let's join is that a cello sound check
oh it's just club not it's boring is
there a horse chat oh there's people
weirder than me out there Directioners
fuck yes to attend the chat you must
reach level 3 and I throw in any of them
no wait what I don't know what level 3
means how much do I have to do the
complete games
crying Asian goal is not happy Oh
ray-ray
what is this bethany mota she's new to
the ring what is happening Nicki Minaj
has a doll liam payne has a doll what
the fuck is this world i just want to go
home let's play a minigame and then
let's get the fuck out of here dream
horse okay i'm endorse is i'm into
dreams I'm into dreaming wallah no horse
I'm into fantasy I should probably stop
talking
alright so what do I do crush me okay
mm-hmm like that
wow these graphics are just amazing look
at all look at how the hair moves dress
me that's too obvious
let's give you this and we'll give you
this a weave I love it huh little hair
bow oh we got your braids Yas buds we
got you some cornrows bitch
a little purse feel like you need a
purse you know just for your accessories
for your carrot it's just a whip yeah
bad one more game I'm sorry guys total
failure crimp my pet no thank you
paparazzi okay oh god Amy why I love
that said oh my god I saw ghost
this is Ghost Adventures oh my god is
Avril Lavigne mmm how much do I get for
her well this is sad you know how famous
somebody is by how many points you get
who's that
oh nothing is okay a little famous is
that the old say five to four Rihanna no
this game got no shit what was this game
made 2001 I'm done I'm over this well
you guys go that was me attempting to
play stardoll honestly one of the
creepiest things I've ever seen because
they look like real people it's less
creepy when they're like animals like to
dress up or ducks or webkinz but when
it's fucking people it's fucking creepy
so if you want to see me play another
game believe these of comments down
there let me know what to play hope you
enjoy this make sure to subscribe make
new videos every single day and if you
subscribe you save a unicorn and I love
you guys that's it no you're not gonna
lie I'm pregnant play this game or I'm
probably going to create a lot of people
I need a lot of new friends and I need
them all to be virtual I probably all
right love you guys my god not enough
it's just the thing that we're going
through it's just something new to do
you know something else when that love
is Michael Jackson no I think it didn't
go oh I like em how much do you like him
