so there's been a lot of stuff going on
with Drake Bell in yourself
ooh can you kind of fill us in on what's
actually happening what is happening is
still hanging on in 3d that's what I
want to talk about that's what I came
here to talk about Andrew you somebody
get this bitch away from me I just like
it I don't know let's find out hey guys
yes they were gonna do that are we in
love tag cuz quiz cuz clearly we still
don't know I don't really know three
years in do you them we're going on
three years
feels like ten sure does which means we
must not be in love let's find out so
we're gonna do is we're going to answer
some of these questions we're gonna do
half of my channel and then you're gonna
go over to her channel and find out the
answer are we alone huh that's good oh
this is perfect this is like what we
need this is like going to therapy but
like without having actually leads house
yeah and it's not there is it's a camera
and we should be doing this cuz it's not
good okay number one how long you two
been together
1 2 3 months less than a month or 10
months or more 10 months or more uh
what's been your favorite month out of
all those months mmm the first one when
I thought this was gonna work mine was a
few months ago when I was gone for a
month in Pittsburgh and that was great
that actually was awesome I can watch
whatever I wanted to watch I no one ate
my food I didn't have to clean up anyway
you know what that's my favorite montale
yeah look we're agreeing on things love
do you find yourself fantasizing about
kissing making out or having sex with
them
Hey they don't really turn me on this is
about it yeah B yeah
or C no I don't really enjoy being
touched how about like D sometimes but
like some other times I just pretended
someone else but I don't say anything
because like there's that's not
constructive yeah like sometimes I
pretend she's barber from shark tank and
I always get the deal hahaha that's cute
Everton she's Mark Cuban lesbian who's
gonna meet you let's go for yet cuz that
sounds like it could be a liar could be
real perfect do you ever talk about the
future of your relationship hey no we
just kind of go with the flow B
sometimes we make plans for something
that won't take place for like a mom
see ya we've actually talked about dark
types and kid names and family values or
D yeah we talked about what it would be
like to be married II we sweep
everything under the rug and smile ah
the funny answer would be no but the
real answer is yeah we're stuck honey
those the nicest likeness you're nice to
me today yeah just wait just you way
have they seen you at your worst and
vice versa
hey I'm always perfect so I think you
look at right I've seen you looking
horrible oh yeah
every morning you don't even wake up in
the boys I know it's horrible like I
kind of with my eyes and I see you and
I'm like and then I go back to dream
world where it's just me and Mark you
but when you think about Christmas gifts
for them can you think of something they
would want or like money candy so that's
a yes how often do you spend time
together as little as possible uh I wish
that's a dream world we actually spend
every fucking day together
that's very true well I mean but we
don't like spend it together we're just
in the same region we sleep in the same
bed I wake up and we poop in the same
bowl giggle and I can't get away I wish
you would when you poop Gazette is okay
he also was adorable a poops
I like to know that if I'm hurting or
struggling there's a way for somebody to
no you just like call me text me hello
don't kiss me we have to save our kiss
for if we're in love or not okay if you
have an embarrassing illness do you tell
them what the shit's I will just tell
you I think about it I show it to you
okay
weird but I guess do you ever talk about
past relationships she talks about it
all the time no you never even asked you
don't even like care I don't think no I
really don't care I asked you
yeah I don't even care about my path I
don't care about anybody ha ha
so we're not love not love it's just the
thing that we're going through
it's just something old to do you know
no well not look it's Michael Jackson no
I think it did oh you can go oh I like a
Ricky
how much do you like him enough to be in
love with in you or none uh do you talk
about sexual responsibilities like STDs
what I mean no because that's not part
of our world I probably got something
from corny that I wouldn't be surprised
I'll inky lik ethat corn dog all Bay a
lot below corn on the cob yeah there are
a few times that you do things with her
they don't like me and her definitely
love we are live and finally what's the
money situation like what money
sometimes I treat them sometimes they
treat me whoever has more money at the
time pace we tend to split the bill
I always pay they always pay well okay
so you are a gentleman and you pay for
dinner a lot of times sometimes I pay
for lunch but we split all of our bills
and rent so yeah so I go with splitsies
splitsies I tasted somebody else it
Ricky she is it laughs hey guys no those
are the first ten questions if you want
your next ten questions and the grand
finale answer go over to her channel
subscribe check it out
question of the day are you in love and
if so with who a real person or an
imaginary person or youtuber or a
celebrity or your parent I don't judge
are you guys living with us we have been
I hate with you at how see you over on
her channel bye hey oh we are though
here we go do you guys later
we got skirt skirt I'm scared
beautiful
