so there's been a lot of stuff going on
with Drake Bell in yourself
ooh can you kind of fill us in on what's
actually happening what is happening is
still hanging on in 3d that's what I
want to talk about that's what I came
here to talk about Andrew you somebody
get this bitch away from me
hey this is Shane and this is Trisha and
today we're gonna be doing a candy huh
- DOS if you're Mexican don't laugh
they're people - I know we're not in
Mexican candy hall today though no today
went white did it we went to what is it
called sugar inna single sample this is
Beverly hello it was right next to the
cupcake ATM machine oh you noticed that
you never point that I was gonna point
it out to you we're going to I already
do I've robbed it before we got all of
his candy and a lot of other crap so
we're gonna do like another candy haul
we also went to the same cake place that
we did last time but we got other cake
because we are fat fucks you love food
literally silver funds that's so true we
should have a secret handshake ah okay
should I start yeah I feel like we
should have like beauty guru music
throughout this one okay ready and
shitty iMovie music starts nah okay hey
guys so the first thing I got from
sugarfina is chocolate caviar oh like
that yeah I don't know if you guys know
this or not the caviar is actually fish
abortions and this little baby's fish
that isn't that what it is oh yeah I
looked it up on Wikipedia yeah rapping
oh my god oh and they're really juicy
and the lady at the store said that they
were really expensive so I bought it
ah I love it the last video it runs like
Trisha was on Shane's candy that'd be
like now he's sharing it all with me
okay mm-hmm oh my god with you don't
like it daddy don't like really daddy
don't like we should you like a swap
like the candy you don't like if you
like some like any better we'll swap
I feel like you're gonna get all my oh
good I think eight dollars it has to be
done honestly though for fish abortions
like I was expecting you better really
no it's not bad this is okay it's fine
it's a high-end delicate sweet and chic
these can be peppermint pearls are
dipped in Ritz dark chocolate Oh dark
Catholic I thought you didn't like dark
chocolate I did it but I like those how
much is it
it's a pricing we do also people come
and say oh you wanna be on my tan alpha
devices okay your turn so I went to
sugarfina as well and I got my BAE and
my bag was twenty five dollars more than
Shane I win no I win because I felt I'm
like I can afford this candies I felt
really good um oh my god there's so much
oh my gosh okay I don't even know what
to get first so I get these because
Shane's like they look so gross like I
just got them so don't take their gross
these are green apple frogs these are
amazing all-natural Apple gummies it's
the top vanilla apple foam for a flavor
that will get your taste buds pop in
because they're frog did you make that
last part up know what it really says
that oh god it's so cute so he's a well
frog I feel like Shane of the have names
for his viewers I feel like you should
be like Shane's froggies that just
sounds like they have big fat necks yeah
well we're pretty try to say they do not
have big fun oh sorry
they got think that noses like a frog
smell that honestly smells like vagina
oh you love it though I mean yeah but
like I don't I want to like chew on it
you don't like gummy stuff to you this
really smells oh this is like she said
like the juices that's kind of amazing
tastes like a great apple vaginas too
chewy for me I like my vagina like solid
oh my rough a little more top I like
more of like a um I like its shake yeah
see they'll start shaken up for me these
are - these are too soft really oh my
good oh my god you're failure you don't
like any of these so much better than
fuzzy wigs I'm down for the Frog there I
really don't wanna
did you ever experiment
my kids acting mm-hmm we did crayfish
show I love it animals I'm like hey
exciting it's like let's help you save
everything real live and you kill them
like lie why la Fitte this is why we're
friends speaking of things that I love
to kill these are little babies yeah
perfect little almonds are coated in
sugar shell with charming hand-painted
baby faces Polly describe this like
Russian man like hand crosses babies
were like famous baby and shames like
I'm gonna get these a mic it's a BB it's
so creepy
no if I want to eat a baby I'd kill it
but I don't know if I want to eat it
would you kill a baby no you wouldn't
rather save a dog and you wanna kill
baby I took all the dogs to save one
baby what is it a nut that's pretty good
mm-hmm-hmm
I love me some nut I love me some beggin
up yeah dummy piglet hey I literally
took this and I was like hey look at
this disgusting fucking gross thing
where it's little pigs and she's like oh
no I know you were excited his face lit
up even though he was joking your face
kind of lit up over the pigs because you
kept like I know that's why I got in
fresh from the farm the adorable gummy
piglets are flavored like sweet
strawberries oh that's so gross oh it's
happy just try it
that's all that doesn't look like a pig
that looks like a woman that tastes like
an uncircumcised penis it's literally
the worst texture ever was it taste like
that does he say something these are not
good love these for $10 whatever they
were but oh my god oh we just took $10
and lit it on fire with that uh what do
you do that's what happens when you're
rich famous makeup guru oh okay next
thing is so obvious some bling so I got
some lingering which is basically really
fucking hard okay
Trish Lee
the others of being my or we gotta take
them oh my god oh my seniors or to say
thank you I was like fat people's
wedding ring you might now kiss the
bride just kidding
ether hmm oh my god I don't know yeah
another gun it kind of tastes like
you're eating a keychain
but there's chocolate Oh a little bit
you just couldn't feel like it's broken
in your mouth it kind of also tastes
like blood one more and then we're gonna
do the rest on your channel we got oh oh
you think it's a cheap plastic bottle no
literally nine Oh h2o get it grand
winner of best water what competition
with that big beverage Innovation Awards
Munich in Germany she gets this one
Germany and this sounds like this girl I
knew everything she sold it that but I
need this she said it was what how did
this antioxidants notion literally what
this is is alkaline water which if you
guys don't know this gives you crazy
diarrhea are you serious what she said
it's cleansing let's take a sip of our
really expensive alkaline this was like
the most expensive water ever a week
entire we haven't oh my god yeah
listening oh that was so worth the money
mm-hmm oh my god it's in here is this
the best blogger the world I would say
it's the best water in the universe I'd
say it tastes like tap and I'd say a lot
of money on it it comes it that it is
actually really good it's it's I think
it's above tap mmm-hmm it's silky smooth
I mean it's pretty good I can't wait for
you to shit I do it
stop oh I don't I can't wait I want to
be here can you vlog it can you there's
my shift it's been six weeks so there's
a lot it's gonna be a long video
Doug rau you want to do in a pop all
right keep stay there guys because we're
gonna pop something off wait the end of
the video to see something can be
exciting
we are gonna buy one of our cakes on my
channel which one should we try that
I've been wondering out at the Dolce one
yeah I want to fucks with that okay
they're not that big making our faces
I need a laughing oh my god okay I'm
gonna try oh my god oh no come on you
don't like it why do you think so your
cell leukemia Park you're so lying right
now is there another one in there no
what a disappointment try to t600 your
taste but I has a so no taste of the
icing it has a soap aftertaste oh no I'm
so sad
hmm so try the icing nice so much cake
you got too much cake I don't I got what
am I supposed to be the icing yeah you
knock it off a good cake right now yeah
get that wool boy I saw her PJs on my
new carpet
hey it's like snip I think hit like
we're days bud well let me try this part
you know kind of like it who are you
right now I get off this train stupid
yeah well on her Channel we're gonna eat
a good piece of cake so check it out but
before we go guys ready this is another
stupid expensive thing we bought a
celebration
fuddy penis popper and did I thank that
hey everyone
did I get that frog fishies that's that
done train don't get hit by it or if you
do it'll be full of poop and Jim just
look at your tongue for a minute you
look like you blew a smurf just to get
your tongue yeah hope you guys have fun
hang with us we have fun name with you
question of the day what's your favorite
flavor of Kate let us know down the
comments also is there any other candy
store you want us to go to cuz we'll go
here we go
do you guys later we got skirt skirt I'm
scared
beautiful I was so beautiful on her
channel will show it towards us go to
country's channel where we did on the
second part of this candy home party and
we'll show you the confetti on that one
it was so pretty I mean gorgeous it'll
take New Year's in here I think this
counts for our handshake Oh
see you guys later
I love when you do that that's so funny
that's clever where'd you come up with
that god that's good I love what you do
that with your partner's videos my
friends are so much better Oh hundreds
of beautiful girls with probably like
two super fucking ugly ones this is
heaven for all of us except for those
two ugly ones so I give this forward
fuck
