so there's been a lot of stuff going on
with Drake Bell in yourself ooh can you
kind of fill us in on what's actually
happening what is happening is still
hanging on in 3d that's what I want to
talk about that's what I came here to
talk about Andrew yeah somebody get this
bitch away from me hey if you guys okay
this videos about to get real weird I
was watching TV last night and I saw a
commercial for strip club and I thought
wow that place looks horrible I wonder
if they have a Yelp so I looked up their
Yelp and they do have Yelp and there's
reviews and they're amazing
so then I thought oh why not make a
whole video called strip club Yelp
reviews genius so I went to Yelp and I
typed in strip clubs so these are all
the strip clubs near me and no joke this
first strip club is just literally a
picture of poop I have high hopes this
one is 3 out of 5 stars fun time if
you're going for less than two hours
you can smell cuca which is pretty cool
although some of that pussy be real
hairy though so I don't know how weird I
give the same review from n cheese the
spots I the only thing is that the
strippers don't really give a fuck and
straight act like they don't want to
make that cash and it's pretty pricey as
fuck not sure I'll go back was that
English oh this is 4 out of 5 stars so
that's pretty good it says hundreds of
beautiful girls with probably like two
super fuckin ugly ones this is heaven
for all of us except for those two ugly
ones so I give this forward fuck not one
person has mentioned the food I want to
know about the food all right let's try
VIP showgirls that sounds fancy I don't
really know what a fancy strip club is
maybe the toilet seats there don't have
crabs this one is 1 out of 5 stars and
it says a boyfriend of one of the
strippers was fatally shot over the
weekend because two strippers couldn't
keep their mouths shut and boyfriend got
involved which led to the fatal shooting
this place is a gangland and the
security is a complete joke stay away
beware you will be shot by a stripper
should be laughing a bet that's not
funny somebody died at the thought of a
stripper shooting somebody I'm going to
help this one is 1 out of 5 stars and it
says don't go here you will get slapped
for touching once again same review I
wrote down for emojis there are no white
girls here 12 Latinas and 3 black girls
over it at least he's honest
alright let's change the location
because I feel like a strip club in LA
is a little different from a strip club
in Alabama I would love to see what
those are like okay this is for a place
in Alabama called evolution cabaret I
don't quite know what that means does it
mean it's a bunch of monkeys doing
ballet that's not sexy fucked me one out
of five stars all I'm gonna say is
ghetto and raunchy not the nicest strip
club and they pretty much let you do
whatever you want to these poor women
hands all over them who can finger their
vagina's not kidding the ones who are
tipping damn near had their entire fists
up the girls crotches just not a good
feeling in their shakes my head okay I
don't know that sounds pretty great like
when I go to Taco Bell and I try to get
my whole fist up in somebody's vagina
they don't even give me the hot sauce I
wanted okay I was just in Pittsburgh and
a lot of their strip clubs seemed to be
very popular this one is called the
cricket lounge I already hate it this is
4 out of 5 stars and it says let's not
beat around the bush pun intended the
cricket is a classic local diet Club
growing up I would drive by and wonder
what kind of person hung out in this
establishment
last Saturday that person was me the
interior was nicer than I expected the
cricket had very simple layout but was
really clean and a little bit tacky but
that's okay I forgive it what is not
tacky about strip club like I don't like
what do you want it to look like a
Cheesecake Factory
would that be classy enough Oh sir you
like another slice okay great just a
second oh don't ask for what cream I'm
all out all right let's reheat one more
because I'm just an example this one is
called cheerleaders when a place is only
open from 12 p.m. to 3 a.m. it's not a
good look this place is weak and I
really don't understand how they promote
themselves anything but even blush
downtown lets you park on the street
without accusing you of doing something
wrong if you park here
they think you're a gangster and that
you're gonna shoot somebody I don't know
maybe because at all the other strip
clubs people are getting shot out and
the girls actually get naked and dance
in your face - except they look like
pigs
big nasty pigs disappointed face I don't
know if you can ever get disappointed by
a place that's only open from midnight
to 3:00 a.m. then that's your fault
although I'm constantly disappointed at
Denny's but that place is open all day
and all right so but there's still a lot
of people walking around showing your
pajamas there so I guess it's kind of a
strip club well very nice go that was me
reading strip club Yelp reviews question
of the day if I had my own strip club
what should it be called I'm gonna go
with Oh open 24/7 all right you guys I
feel funny with me I'm funny with you
make sure to subscribe I make new videos
every single day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye I'm so greasy look at my
forehead it's practically tripping cuz
of all my hair gel I'm so greasy in my
hotel room I got my suit I'm bout to
look like Ellen DeGeneres
