so there's been a lot of stuff going on
with Drake Bell in yourself
ooh can you kind of fill us in on what's
actually happening what is happening is
still hanging on in 3d that's what I
want to talk about that's what I came
here to talk about Andrew you somebody
get this bitch away from me I'm so
greasy look at my forehead it's
practically dripping because of all of
my hair gel I'm so greasy in my hotel
room I got my suit I'm bout to look like
Ellen DeGeneres
what's up you guys yes I'm still haven't
gotten used to this whole vlogging with
short hair thing because I feel like if
I cut off my head I look bald and then
when I do this you can see it but now I
look like a thumb I've hang on it
not cute hotel room right now you know
just reading Inland Empire woman's issue
starring Jessica Alba what happened to
you
she's right next to a thing that says
best sandwiches yikes Hey look there's
me in the mirror behind me you can kind
of see my butt crack let's cover that up
a couple things I'm excited I'm trying
to get my hair in it because I feel like
I just look bald and this is I mean
greasy and bald I mean that's just too
much but now if I get my hair in it now
this is like I mean it's the most
ridiculous angle I've ever done
hey guys my face what's up guys um I
just turn into Trisha Paytas oh that's
that's the jam right there now you can
see me now this is what it would be like
if you woke up next to me just roll over
and see that face
sleep well good good saw you dreaming
saw your hands moving what were you
running from well you woke up next to me
so it didn't work hahaha
yes so I have a couple things to talk
about I've already talked about a lot of
this stuff on Twitter and Facebook and
Instagram and MySpace and use face in my
in everybody space but I want to make a
video about it so you guys already know
there is a flea in my bed so that's
great what's that I meant yes I'm greasy
the third thing oh yes that's right um
so you guys are know going to VidCon of
course I'm a youtuber VidCon is like our
I don't even know what to call it it's
like if you love Walmart
well VidCon is Walmart for youtubers
does that make sense
not really I will be in the clearance
bin and you can pick me up $5 where were
we going where
going Shan that's right VidCon so yes
I'm gonna be at VidCon I'm only gonna be
there for one day I'm gonna be there
Friday Friday June 27 I hope that's
right if it's not right well then you're
just gonna show up and there's gonna be
nobody there so fuck fluxed vu um gonna
be there for Friday everybody's gettin
down on Friday and I'm excited because I
finally get you tell you guys the title
of my movie not now that they've got on
Friday June 27th at noon or 12:30 p.m.
not am cuz that's that's gonna be when
we club in an Anaheim Oh God anybody
want goes clubbing in Anaheim just Club
their self in the head that's gonna be
terrible Anaheim is terrible unless you
live in Anaheim then it's great it's
terrible though that's where my prom was
wish somebody would have clubbed me in
the fucking head VidCon that's right
okay back on track
Friday June 27th 12:30 p.m. I don't know
where exactly they're gonna tell you or
I guess there's an app you can get like
a VidCon app where it tells you what's
happening whatever we are going to show
the trailer for my movie for hashtag
Shane Dawson movie for the first time
I'm so excited I just saw like a rough
cut of it it's so cool this this company
who does like movie trailers for big
movies did the trailer for my movie and
I I don't know why I don't we didn't do
we pay them I don't know but they did it
and it it's like a movie trailer guys
I'm so excited I mean obviously the
movie is like a movie so we needed a
trailer that made it look like a movie
but I'm not gonna lie I kind of cried a
little bit when I watched the trailer
because it starts like you'll see so I'm
excited I think I think the trailer is a
good representation of the movie I think
it's really funny
but it also is what you'll see but you
know I think people are gonna be
surprised by the movie because it's it's
crazy like it's rated R and it is crazy
and it starts with a really intense
quick graphic scene but then it turns
into this love story and and it's still
really crazy and funny but it just gets
really it gets good it's really good I'm
so excited about this movie I think you
guys are gonna love it I showed it to a
test screening an audience my wife
talked about this shit
whatever he'll talk about I showed it to
an audience not that long ago and went
really well
everybody liked it and it wasn't just
like fans or anything it was like real
people from this
streets mixed in with some of my fans
mixed in with some family just like to
get everybody's point of view on it um
so yes the trailer is gonna be
premiering at VidCon I'm gonna be there
the cast of the movies gonna be there
we're gonna be doing like a Q&A and a
meet-and-greet I think and we're gonna
show you the trailer and also we're
gonna be telling you what the title of
the movie is you'll find out while
you're watching the trailer because the
title pops up so that's gonna be cool
anything else I want to tell you yeah
just side note - if you're not going to
VidCon and you're sad because every
youtuber is talking about it and
everything
just remember it's listen if you really
want to Mimi and you're not going to
VidCon I'll give you five places Walmart
Target Cheesecake Factory any kind of a
frozen yogurt place and 24-hour fitness
that last one you probably will only see
me there once a month but I'm gonna try
to be there every day you know what I'm
saying and then go to work but I want to
try it
but the other four I am usually there
every single day in all different cities
I have run into you guys in Big Bear
Temecula San Diego I like to go to lots
of Walmart's and targets so I love you
guys
that's all I just want to talk to you
but that's about the movie in the VidCon
and all that shit I still want to do a
little mini tour so you guys have been
great giving me your emails and your zip
codes so I know where you guys are right
now the top city I think is New York
then LA and then like somewhere London I
think which is kind of cool I've never
been there so yes go to Shane movie comm
give me your email your zip code let me
know where you are and the top like ten
cities hopefully that'll be crazy that
I'll go to and see the movie with you
guys and meet you that'll be fun I hope
that happens I mean I'm gonna help I'm
gonna make it happen but I hope you guys
actually show up that's I think what I'm
nervous about the most is like I know
the movies good and I know you guys are
gonna like it but I I don't know a if
you're gonna buy it because you guys are
used to getting everything for free
because it's YouTube so a movie is what
ten dollars or something for a ticket or
for a DVD or whatever or for Apple TV
whatever it's like ten bucks it's like
are you guys actually gonna buy it I
don't know if you don't buy it they're
not gonna give me money to make another
movie so it's a good one or two so I'm
nervous about that I'm nervous about you
guys
I'm not never suited cuz you're gonna
like it and just I'm nervous I'm not
gonna lie I'm nervous about this whole
experience
everybody doesn't buy it or doesn't like
it or I never gonna make him in the
movie again well that ended on a
positive note I'm gonna lay in a
stranger's bed I love you guys
sorry today was kind of a talky talk
talk to me talk talk Jokke talk I was
trying to make a pun and it didn't work
I'm gonna go I love you guys I hope you
have something of me everything with you
a question of the day uh you gonna buy
the movie I'm getting I feel bad I hate
asking you guys for money I feel like a
homeless person granted I saw a homeless
person today who PS had an iPhone and
PSS was facebooking I mean like listen I
still gave him $5.00 but I was like
homie aha what I even said I said are
you on the internet and then he goes
yeah they have free Wi-Fi here at
Starbucks and I was like oh okay yeah
well my other question was how the fuck
you have a nicer phone than I do how do
you have the brand-new champagne-colored
iPhone 6 and I'm still living info s
let's have the question be M what do you
think the title of my movie is give me
your best ideas can't wait to see them
they're all gonna be like dick fag piece
of shit and I'm gonna be like no that
title was already taken it had two days
to think of an excuse while his dick was
stuff in that pipe and that's what he
thought of that sounds like an excuse
that a cheater says with his girlfriend
catches it famous well gingy my wind is
totally slipped adorable Jonah dude I
just kept sleeping I was like oh yeah
that's believable
