hi guys today we are going to be playing
a game called duck life all these video
games are the same they all make me
angry they all have stupid little
animals that talk to each other and they
all end with somebody dying and me going
I hate my life so let's play all right
duck life oh look at that he follows the
mouse these special effects are fucking
good so you own this huge farm and
you're making poems of money true when
one day this tornado comes it destroys
it all oh this is sad I'm gonna fight
like this the only thing that survives
is a single duck egg so you have to
train this duckling into a racing duck
that it's not a real thing but will just
forgive that part to make enough money
to rebuild the farm I guess I'm in
England now okay hey what is poop to eat
poop poop eat all that food keep eating
that food yum yum yum yum nom nom on
that ha ha ha alright now what what's
this should I run to this or should I
run away from this okay
oh it's a clap okay why there's a cloud
on the ground I don't know maybe it's a
puff of smoke
maybe Miley's over here I don't
understand what's happening train your
duck at run okay you see up can I get it
yeah this is all I do
how do I go fast I think happening this
is honestly the most boring game I've
ever played and I've played a lot of
fucking boring games did I just die how
did I die train fly okay haha I kill in
this game use the left arrow keys to
change direction oh now I got it
ah she's flying now uh-oh oh fuck
okay I'm done with that let's move on to
Train swimming okay I died
alright jump yeah okay cool fry oh don't
know uh Oh house close up John jump jump
jump jump
how do you died again and almost out
from the iceberg but I didn't I didn't
okay at this point I'm just trying to
die because I'm so over it and there I
go right let's enter the race are we
ready
I think we are Green Valley rocky cliff
that looks fun
that looks like death that looks like
drowning and that looks like death and
drown so let's do that
oh my god why are there so many of us
wait am I on drugs what's happening wait
I don't understand you ran out of energy
to increase your energy level each seed
I hate this okay
I don't understand so close so close so
close so come on sorry world
championship expert ooh volcano okay huh
look at I'm burned this is sunset all
right there you guys go that was me
killing a duck I'm a terrible human
being all right you guys leave me some
comments let me know a game I should
play next and I'll make sure to
subscribe and make new videos every
single day every single day and check
out the link in the crotch because
there's more video games I love you guys
alright so I found out something that
grosses them out cornea get some food in
my teeth get it out get it up uh-huh
that side that's our down
