what's like your go-to pose when you're
taking a nude and can you teach just cuz
I don't take them you like lay on the
floor and you take it up angle so you're
like this so it's like going down this
way so your southern looks really flat
right boobs oh here's the one laying
down that's like the good angle oh damn
girl you're naked yeah hey what's up you
guys
yes today we're doing another crew
beauty now I'm just going to start this
video by saying it whizzing I'm a fast
food say clearly if you've been watching
my videos you know that I love myself
Taco Bell's and McDonald's pretty much
everything that has a drive-thru I
fucking love it doesn't change the fact
that there are some scary stories about
your favorite fast-food restaurant and
there's even some scarier conspiracy
theories now I'm not the only person who
loves Maastricht in the United States
alone there's over 500,000 fast-food
chain restaurants every day millions of
people are going to these places and
buying food hasn't greedy that they
would even understand and of course we
all know that absolute is bad for us
and it can cause obesity but even
scarier than that we're gonna be talking
about some fast food situations that
involves cannibalism poisoning
conspiracy and mass so first let's talk
about the biggest conspiracy theory of
them all fast food was created to keep
all of us
Alysse unhealthy and easy to manipulate
now it's not a secret that need your
corporation's profit a lot off of
obesity in corporations work extra hard
to make us now why the corporation's
want us to be fat well number one the
weight loss industry and you just go
into any store or drive down any Street
and tell me how many weight loss
products or companies you see Jenny
Craig Weight Watchers slim fast Lean
Cuisine 24 Hour Fitness every restaurant
has a new menu with new diet trends
juice cleanses literally anything you
could think of people are making money
off of you being fat now the weight loss
industry in America alone is worth over
eighty billion dollars and they like the
cycle the cycle is order fast food
restaurants you know it just really
damage weight then you go to the weight
loss places you lose some weight
get it back again go back to the class
food place it's just one big cycle and
trust me I've been on the same cycle now
I don't want to get sued but I want to
tell you a pretty little story I absorb
the Jenny Craig now a lot of you guys
know that I've made videos about it
before and I lost a lot of weight on
Jenny Craig and one day I came to work
and I saw that all over the office with
little logos for Nestle yeah
Nestle you know the same people that
make chocolate and I said to the boss oh
wait you're telling me one of the
biggest chocolate companies in the world
now own Jenny Craig a weight loss
company which even more so to show a
tween whose companies work together and
thank you fat into make you lose weight
until you get it back again so you have
to lose more weight once again I don't
wanna get sued I'm not saying that
that's all real and for sure it's all in
theory and when I worked at Jenny Craig
or as anybody telling me they wanted our
clients to gain weight that is not true
but it was fishy not a chocolate company
bought it now the next place where all
the money is is the drug companies now
obesity-related drugs mainly diabetes is
worth six hundred billion dollars which
means if you lose all the weight and you
don't need these drugs anymore means
you're not making money have you anymore
which means they wanted to be fat which
means a lot of a minute yeah they love
it now another thing that's kind of
crazy is have you ever wanted fastly
really back but you were craving it
looks like an addiction and the more you
have it the more you want it and where
you think about it at night I mean I
know that's how I feel like fucking fast
well that's because in size food is
added chemicals that literally stimulate
your brain and make you addicted now
casein and msg are two chemicals that
are in a lot of fast food and these
chemicals enhance the flavor but it also
makes you create more and this is not a
theory this is very real and if they can
replicate that chemical reaction that
may happen on your tongue or an aroma
they can simulate the taste of something
without it being at all real now this is
where it starts to get a little scary
but it's all very real so if
corporations or the gutter
or whoever's in control of the world
wants everybody to be fat and unhealthy
and easy to manipulate then you would
think they would start while the person
is young billions of dollars are put
into advertising fast food to each other
toward your nose Burger King instead of
breaking a dissapointment we're moving
yeah spongebob the children's person is
endorsing a fast food which makes a kid
want to get fast food which we all know
is after them but the parents like are
the kid won't shut up let's take them to
the pass new place and they can get
stopped and the kids obese and then the
corporation's got exactly what they want
and it's not just advertisements
absolute places as you guys know
literally create an environment to
entice kids
I mean why help is there actual altes
and playground inside of a fast-food
restaurant I mean the whole idea of that
is insane right but we're so used to it
because we're like ah when we were kids
you know fast food commercials we love
them and we love going McDonald's in
Vermont and we loved all the crazy
colorful ad making a happy meal with
Ronald and friends there's any more
brainwashed maybe just look at this
piece
you
now there are some fast-food chains that
don't do chemicals in this room and
don't have protective and the major
corporations do not like so let's talk
about the theory that the major
corporations are trying to get rid of to
coal that's right Chipotle now
technically fast food but it seems a
little bit healthier and they've been
very very loud about the fact that there
are no GMOs in essence they talk about
there's no chemicals everything's
natural even put out a short film in
2013 showing a scarecrow who goes on
this journey and the journey represents
the fight against the SAS bleeding now
it shows him going into a factory
witnessing the scary process of fast
food creation chickens being pumped with
chemicals loud in tiny cages and it even
showed the children consuming these
products and of course the short don't
have a happy it well two years after
that short film came out this morning
fast food change of whole way into the
center of another ecoli outbreak that's
right there is an e.coli breakout at
Chipotle that cost 350 people to get
sick this is where it is little a lot of
people believe that Chipotle is a victim
from IO terrorist attack a lot of people
believe that one of the many
multi-billion dollar industries infected
Chipotle's meat in order to change the
public's perception of locally-sourced
so basically one of these huge
corporations I send someone out there to
replace your food so that everybody the
world would be like oh two pulleys bad
for you let's go back to insert Fast
Food Nation well it kind of worked even
I after that whole story came out outlet
without a ripple way more I mean granted
a month later I was like Holloway but
still it didn't work for a minute now I
know it sounds crazy but this is not out
of the or I mean remember in the video
we did about the drug lab people
literally hire assassins commit crimes
by babies online so why would it be so
crazy to imagine the incorporation
hiring somebody to go poison some food
not crazy
once again nothing is real saying it's a
theory you're not trying to get killed
but he's crazy
alright now let's talk about some of the
worst things that have been found
first we're going to talk about fashion
news is asking questions about a local
McDonald's after a woman showed us the
sandwich she says it served her with two
worms inside yeah a woman found worms
into her sandwich just listen to her
describing the one that I bit into I
pulled it out and there's another one in
here there's no telling what else is in
those sandwiches I mean if it came from
the shipping it I'm pretty sure it's not
just one chicken sandwich
now even scarier than that sometimes an
employee purposely put weird shit and
I'm not think spit comma key word one
employee started putting prescription
pills ernest mchenry spotted the little
blue pill in his fish sandwich on friday
police say it is the painkiller
hydrocodone now this one gave me the
fucking chills a boy at Arby's and by
the way fucked up already what a party
he bit into sandwich fucking sinker
michigan teen was finishing his Arby's
roast beef sandwich when he bit down on
something that seemed rubbery he spit it
out only to discover it was the tip of a
finger it turns out an employee cut her
finger on a meat slicer and left her
station without telling anybody about it
she was treated at a hospital the boy
had a blood test and got some medication
Arby's is calling it an isolated
incident oh if I didn't already need
another reason to avoid Arby's now this
next thing happened at Wendy's which is
my friend whose favorite place in the
world
so drew please don't watch it a little
girl bit into the burger and she had a
mouth full of glass she started to
crunch this super loud crunch that was
not normal she says she panicked for a
moment watching her daughter cry in pain
who was telling her don't swallow don't
swallow honey then quickly got on her
knees and tried to get the food out of
her daughter's mouth as I was pulling
her food out I was pointing food out and
blood out and I saw that I had particles
of glass on my fingers ah I don't know
why it is just my mind but I saw it in
my head when I saw the blood now it's
not just crazy shit that's found inside
the food sometimes queasy should happen
inside the restaurant I mean I'm sure
you all remember this crazy video of a
girl getting pulled through the window
attractor a melee at McDonald's a
teenager now charged with battery and
two others issued summons after police
say the three girls attacked a fast-food
worker in the plot and this whole
incident is on video and it's gone viral
crazy the greatest part that happened
literally across the street from a
sheriff's office and there's like a
couple eating up people because this is
cold she went berserk she just lost but
him and her beau started cussing and
beating on the window
NORs came outside to tell them police
were on the way when the woman started
punching and slapping her in the face
what Jeannette couldn't see as she
staggered back inside was her daughter
getting out of the truck to help now
obviously those all happen in the
drive-through but this next story this
is something much darker we're gonna be
talking about the fast food there was a
man in poultice
when Paul Reid died on Tennessee's death
row he was waiting to be executed for
the murders of seven fast-food workers
during a robbery and killing spree in
1997 Reid killed employees at a Captain
D's and Donaldson McDonald's in
Hermitage and a baskin-robbins in
Clarksville now Paul Reed committed some
of the most violent crimes
American history now his plan was to
commit execution-style murders at
different drivers in Tennessee it
started at a place called Captain D's
seafood and that was in nineteen
nineties so Reed walked into the
restaurant pretending like he wasn't I'm
immature then he told two of the young
employees to walk into the freezer then
we turned them around and shot them both
in the back now of course he took
everything stole all of them left then
sometime after he went to McDonald's
that was only a few miles away from the
last night
there's he stole $3,000 and he shot
three employees event but he ran out of
gun ammo so he ended up stabbing the
lasted 47 million times now luckily the
man who was stabbed actually survived
his name was Antonio Gonzalez and years
later he actually testified against Reed
and Reed was sent to jail 30 months
before he was in jail Green was also
involved in more murders he went to a
Tennessee baskin-robbins and kidnapped
two employees and then took them to a
park then he stabbed them to death
slashed they're now Paul Dentistry did
get the death penalty but he actually
died in 2013 from complications of now
listen I know we've talked about a lot
of scary shit today
we talked about conspiracy theories
murder fingers and food but I just want
to say once again this is not me
preaching or saying that he shouldn't
have that food I love fast food I know
it probably shouldn't but but if you
think it is good to be aware of what's
going on in some of the theories and
maybe slowly but surely we can try to
live a more healthy way but I'm not
going to lie doing a research for this
video did freaking the fuck out but I
definitely had talked about last night I
bet hopefully enjoy this creepy video if
you want more scary videos like this
give me thumbs up so I meant also make
sure to subscribe to my channel like
down below that notification bell
because and I can reduce every day if
you want to tell my other scary videos
at the conspiracy theories I've talked
about haunted locations I'll put a link
to a playlist for example description
don't you guys see the
- bye
