hey what's up you guys so I just got out
of the shower and I'm having a minor
panic attack this is the first day I've
had to do my hair by myself
usually all I have to do is straighten
it and now I have to use products I have
this whatever the fuck this is this big
old dildo this capital force and then
this little cum shot I'm really confused
I can't just leave it like this no I
can't that's terrible oh my god I look
like I'm 55 years old okay so I'm gonna
use all the products oh and a comb oh
that has all my old hair in it Oh rest
in peace
okay half of that might be pubes don't
ask okay I just did it
I think I think I did it right oh that's
a pimple that's a big ol pimple haha
wish I bangs but I don't damn it so this
is what I'm calling the front wave
swooped very different try not to go -
can you see my ass behind me
shit I'm naked okay there we go I'm
trying not to do too much of Spike eNOS
because I feel like it's not working for
my head feel like it makes my head look
like a peanut and not the delicious kind
the big hard I'm horny back to my hair
yeah okay so that's the front the front
wave thoughts I don't know what else to
do with this
she always coming over soon so maybe
I'll ask him for advice he's a lot of
here okay
I'm nervous Joey's on his way he doesn't
see Mia he doesn't know that I got a
haircut unless he follows me on insta
which he's fucking better but if he
doesn't he doesn't know I got a haircut
what if he doesn't like it what if he
doesn't like me what if our connection
is gone what if everything that we had
was based on my hair what if when he
gets here he says get out of my face
I don't know you anymore I'm going to
another motherfucker with out here dan
is not my fire still has a hair I'm
gonna go to him and then I'm gonna be
alone it's just got so depressing that
guy second fuck front I guess like a
fuck Connor Franta I'm already moving on
bitch Luke who is he
you got your car - I did we both have
soy hot I love our hair oh yeah we're
like soy almond milk ah come on you have
to join it like what's your thing like
add something to it
choice with you laughing hi ooh Oprah no
you wear whey protein soy hi we are whey
protein soy with whipped cream on top
hot Luba not too much new pencils we
don't get anyways yes we are you corny
is okay we are corny hot that's why she
was looking her vagina like two seconds
ago we're not that hot although we could
get you high yeah so we're gonna film
some collabs and Joey's gonna come over
and if I'm some other shit you have a
fancy little purse thank you that's like
so I like look at that you're like fancy
cat so fancy we're matching we both have
black on we do add black shorts on and I
have black with dog hair all over it on
you dog hair on your ring always always
living for dog hair we have our little
setup here we got my tripod which is
broken so I put a book in there okay
calm down crazy cuz I know how crazy you
are for him I know I saw your tent weeks
in a row being like a ball barn up I was
like well I was like girl calm down girl
uh-huh any direct message beyond he did
what do you say follow me back he just
direct message me and said it was so
nice to meet you
he's following you better I know I
thought that was weird cuz like I was
like oh he followed me because he drank
messaged me and then I was like oh cuz I
went to reply and I was like you can't
message people who don't follow you know
maybe his girlfriend's like get out of
my go you could stay away from other
girls you never know
I think he's following me but like
obviously we know on the down-low zone
Oh
anyways we're in from some videos and
then we're gonna have a three-way Oh
chai latte - yeah
soy contra Jane you've changed like oh
wait it's Joey look at you beautiful hey
how are you doing I'm doing good I'm
with my girlfriend and my boyfriend haha
so much virginity yeah um how are you
doing like so we long it's been way too
long it's been whey protein too long
protein you have something oh oh you've
had much shit out there I thought your
daughter something else never mind um no
I'm full of protein we're good
so wouldn't even have to you know live
in life living dying guys like living
for it mm-hmm I learned a lot of gay
terms or gay terms woman terms
I don't hung out with Gigi you know
Gigi's yeah I just teaching me a lot of
terms like I'm living for it which means
like I love it Oh also if you die for it
it means you love it to us so are you
like living and dying for me or like how
are you yes like a limbo state like I'm
like I'm like resurrecting for you yes
you resurrect it whoo that's for you in
turn I'm like zombie ings okay we're
gonna pump some videos in then afterward
we're gonna get down so I found out
something that grosses them out Khoi
Nghia had some food in my teeth get it
out get it up
oh that side that's our guy is that your
ass I taste here let me mm-hmm look how
much he loves it though look at her
she's craving it okay if you saw Joey's
video on his channel I revealed that I
was wearing a wig in some of my videos
cuz I didn't like my haircut so now
we're gonna put the wig on him this is a
big deal this wig is only touched two
heads well my other one and this one
putting a wig on a penis is hilarious we
go
oh my you look British boy I know that
well oh my god we're silent no you look
like a Fault in Our Stars which means oh
wait look at me wait look at me and say
okay okay you saw the movie that's how
they say I love you is it okay okay this
is not how your hair looks how did you
smell it wait wait you look good
just got hard we put the beanie on oh my
god it looks real it is human I'm not
gonna tell you who's huh you look so
good oh my god I feel like a whole
different person
see oh my god um where's your nipple
which one is it that one it's not a
nipple right there okay I can't tell
they're very soft ah where is it I'm
sorry I've sought nipples oh my gosh it
looks so crazy like that oh I'll just
hear you you take forever your nipples
already hard ha ha ha my heart already
wow this is like a transformation oh my
god Oh
ha ha hey guys so joy just left and
catches left and went well I think Joey
liked my hair um like it was okay like I
feel like you still love me like I feel
like you know like I feel like we're
like evolving relationship is like
changing like things are like getting
different like you know things like that
I'm gonna go I love you guys question of
the day do you like Joey's hair better
long or short I like it better
everything I just like it I like it
no hair hair long hair short hair
braided hair cornrow hair cornrow
cornrows corn rolls now I'm horny and
hungry there's a lot happening in my
body right you guys okay oh that's
alright bye how do you smell that
I do sounds like somebody took a big ol
Hashcash everything like what are you
doing you're gonna say that I smell no
useful beautiful oh you're great tonight
you some lunch at red
