guess who's in his workout clothes and
didn't work out and went to the mall and
got frozen yogurt and then went to
coffee beet and then went home this guy
yep I did not work out yet I'm going to
though I'm wearing my workout clothes
because I am telling myself that I'm
wearing them which means I have to use
them
granted girl I did some working out at
the Froyo place I was just sample sample
sample sample but bicep my smile look at
look at them sampling biceps actually
you know what don't look at it don't
look at it all yes
so right now going to a podcast and
interviewing andrea russett you guys
wanted me to interview her and she seems
cool so I'm gonna do it I think she's
over 18
I hope she's over 18 she might not be
over 18 either way it's gonna be
uncomfortable for her I'm excited about
that and then after that I'm gonna go to
the gym I have to I have to I have to
I'm wearing the clothes okay you know
spider-man doesn't just put on the
spider-man suit and let people get raped
and murdered he puts on the spider-man
suit and he cries a lot like a lot of
crying and then he'll kiss Mary Jane or
Emma Stone or whatever the fuck her name
is then she'll cry and then they'll both
cried and they'll swing on a web that
looks like jizz and then he'll help the
woman from getting murdered and raped by
then he's probably already too late he
just goes in get Froyo anyways surprise
surprise I'm not at the gym yet and I'm
probably never gonna go but guess who's
here X ghetto X fab X for life yeah
almost got it forever
wait let me wheel on over to you wheel
it on over okay I'll just walk over to
this wheel isn't working I'll just crawl
over to you hi um this was your first
podcast experience right as it was have
you ever been on a podcast before no how
did you feel like what are your feelings
I was a little scared first very under
pressure but I think I did okay I think
you did great I'm really excited about
this episode you guys are gonna love it
it's funny and and interesting but also
we get into some shit we get into some
real shit that y'all some gossip
delicious there's a freakin Zika gossip
but y'all don't even know
I literally think I'm Steeve myself
whiplash that really hurt how um yes so
we got doesn't gossip um is there
anything you said that you wish you
could take back no not really I mean I'm
sure all isn't you wouldn't be like crap
I should have said that but he'll
definitely be texting or tweeting me and
being like hey do you have that one bar
I said that one thing and I'll be like
no bitch upload oh no I'm really excited
you were great I'm very excited and we
were talking about um our goals in life
my goal is you know make movies and be a
director uh you have a lot of goals one
of your goals is to be a host which I
thought was awesome and really smart
because a lot of youtubers are stupid
and you're smart Thanks so you're
already ahead of the game so let's play
a game we already played one up on the
podcast gonna play another game okay
ready the hosting game okay
so you're a host I'm Taylor Swift Taylor
Swift how are you you're on the red
carpet everything is so bright
it's not like my lights are always like
this Oh Taylor you're so funny so do you
have anything like new music coming out
oh yeah I have a new song out called I'm
gonna rip your fucking balls off asshole
and then I have a my new EP it's called
you fucking piece of shit
how could you do that to me I mean I'm
writing a book that is so exciting we're
so happy we're it's happy for you
excited to hear excited to read it so um
who who are they about cuz you know not
themed yeah no it's definitely not about
Ed Sheeran I don't know why people keep
leading me to him he looks like a
fucking Hobbit I would never ever
fucking never but he's a dear friend and
I love him um they're about uh-huh God
actually I don't like to talk about that
cuz I like to you my private like
private oh fuck you Jake Gyllenhaal you
be the shit thanks Andrea thanks for
your time Taylor see you later
kidding never gonna see you again bitch
that was great good job awesome snaps
you held it together by the way I
realized the smell that you're smelling
is my beanie because I can smell it too
it smells like feet in balls I'm not
gonna get it too close to you it's got
really rough it's really rough but yeah
that's it go check out the podcast guys
I'll put the link down there and you
should listen because we did another
hosting game where I played Justin
Bieber and it was it was interesting we
by the way you said that you watched me
when you were like a kid yes that's and
now I'm on my knees talking this is
weird
did your parents ever get mad for you
watching me did they not know my mom
actually loves your videos what's your
name Jackie Russert Oh Jackie Russell
I color on your podcast and she was like
oh my god she was like if you gonna
censor it now like no ha ha no Jackie
Rosen I love you Jackie Russ I love you
so much what is she doing right now
what's her career
Jackie Reza she is a graphic designer
mmm-hmm I just turned me on I love
computers I want her to graphically
design and turn me into something I'm
not you know and I mean like make me a
hole does she Photoshop she does oh yeah
oh thank god
all right well I'm gonna go to the gym
what are you gonna do now I'm gonna go
pick up my friends from the airport who
where do they're coming from another
country mmm misery that's another
contact rule okay okay all right you
guys I'm gonna go I'll be a funding with
us we had fun hanging with you and me
and we're gonna see you on the podcast
we talked about everything
it's gone it's really gone like in sync
god I don't I I uh uh
let's just put sunglasses on because I
feel like that's there we go
mm-hmm yeah do sheer a bit better
