first we'll start with the memorial
video get your tissues out guys
it's about to get real emotional now
will remember you
I mean it's gone it's really gone like
in sync god I don't I I uh
let's just put sunglasses on cuz I feel
like that's there we go
mmhmm yeah do sheer a bit better I'm
definitely making me a channel video
about this you've probably already seen
it probably already put it up holy
oh my god so if you have already seen my
channel video I probably just made jokes
about it so let's talk about what
happened I got in a fire and my hair let
on fire and so I had to cut it off
that's a lie you know what had happened
was I was just ready you know I was
ready for a change I felt like I was
stuck in the past and I felt like you
know that long hair it was holding me
back I know that sounds really stupid
cuz it's just hair what it really was
you know I felt like I had to stay the
same person because my hair was the same
I felt like I had to pretend to be 18
years old I had to shave every time I
started to get facial hair I had to like
get really skinny because if I have long
hear I have to be skinny or else I'll
look fat with long hair and I'm just
done I'm done with I'm done with living
like that I'm done with you know being
scared of change so this happened and
I'm excited I'm excited about it I'm
excited that I don't have to get up
every day and straighten my hair for
 ten hours I'm excited that I
don't have to wear a beanie if I don't
shower cuz I my hair is gonna look like
 I'm also excited to just start
doing new things
I feel like this movie is gonna be great
and my next movie if I can oh when I get
to do another movie I get a look a
little different and I just ready I'm
nervous I'm nervous to get out the car
right now I'm not gonna lie like what
happens if I run into one of you guys
and you say vomit or what happens worst
case scenario if I run into like Lisa
and she vomits that might happen I know
this is so stupid I'm making such a big
deal out of this because I had that hair
for it for ten years ten years I've had
the hair since I was 15 I've had long
hair since I was 12
the lady today uh well I'm she's my
friend that got my hair but she asked me
she said how long has it been since she
had said she had like an actual haircut
were I actually you actually get cut
because long hair you just kind of trim
and I was like honestly it's been about
15 years I was terrifying I conquered my
fear ready ready for the next step of my
life whatever the that is so
question of the day what's something
you're afraid of that you want to
conquer finals
my hair let me know down the comments
also you're probably gonna notice for
the next month or two a lot of my videos
I'm gonna have long hair it's because I
filmed those I don't know months ago
because I was I like to stockpile video
so I film a bunch of them at once so I
can focus on the movie and stuff in the
next month or so you'll have more short
hair Shane that's a thing right short
hair Shane dude Jesus okay I'm gonna go
I love you guys he'll be up my name with
me I funding with you I'm gonna go jump
into traffic
bye bye oh god watch oh she loved it Oh
what
