welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet babies most people love them
until you have to take care of them and
then they are far less appealing you
need to clean poop out of their pants
like that homeless guy I saw the other
day who is doing that to himself never
ride the subway although although one
thing that does make cleaning up diapers
better is the way that babies dance have
you seen them it is more amazing than a
shooting star followed by a rainbow in
the night sky which doesn't happen
so stealing dance moves from babies is
fine but stealing candy from them isn't
that makes about as little sense as the
lyrics to the song timber the dance
moves you just watched we're obviously
inspired by babies just like my dance
moves were inspired by exorcism
ceremonies you've seen the movie Mean
Girls you've quoted Mean Girls on
Twitter
you've quoted Mean Girls on vine you've
even quoted Mean Girls in real life at
least once a day
well now you can see a movie with
characters that are just as vain and
self-centered but less attractive enjoy
selfie the movie
yeah gets me
that is insane all of these characters
have phones with front-facing flashes
the involed amor must pay pretty well
you thought you knew all the musical
genres didn't you or maybe you didn't I
have no idea either way BuzzFeed
released a list of 10 musical genres you
didn't know existed no these all sound
ridiculous so I'm going to make a list
of a few better ones of my own
bullet-head music designed specifically
for those in line at the DMV harvest
funk for farmers shower songs designed
specifically for when your scrub dubbed
oven faucet deluxe made for those
enduring Chinese water torture this week
on YouTube I am a bunch of youtubers
have been reacting to their old facebook
profile photos take a little trip down
memory lane and react to some of my old
facebook pictures enjoy this is the
scariest photo I've ever seen in my
entire life oh my god you've got to be
kidding me
this pictures from 8th grade and this is
actually after school was over we went
into the boys room so badass Oh someone
discovered a photo booth this is our
first ever Valentine's Day and to
celebrate I took time to London for the
day and clearly I was very into Edward
Cullen back then so based on this I
thought it might be fun to react to mine
and Shane's old facebook profile
pictures so let's do it
I have my computer with Facebook up
right here and artsy light right here I
figured since we're looking at photos I
should try and be cinematic but I don't
think it's working
I remember taking this photo I took a
lot of webcam photos really narrowed it
down to pick my next Facebook official
profile photo just smirking away just
looking saucy probably if I had the
ability to get embarrassed I would be
it's just real casual thought I just
hold on my inner for loss of her thought
this one through and just got wow this
one is really grunge really
a shoe on the face probably because I
wasn't wearing any makeup that day and
want my eyes to be in the photo those
are just a few of my photos now moving
on to Shane's he told me to be brutal so
I mean just if his spirit was right here
I'm just gonna crush or the spirit of
him a few years ago here we have the
store brand generic version of a
prepubescent Justin Bieber sure we have
a guy you know nice enough but he
follows you home from school he stalks
you on the internet he stalks you in
real life and he's just super happy
about it okay well that was fun and also
shows why Facebook is no longer a thing
thank you for watching this musical
episode of um comm hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this week's
episode please be sure to give it a
thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chizel check
out my latest video here is a tiny
preview alright next poem whoa that was
cool and intriguing question of the day
if you could make up any musical genre
in the entire world no the entire
universe what would it be
