hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck new my name is Destry and
I think I might have an unhealthy
addiction to raging nineties techno
music this is what the fuck news we
talked about the news that you may have
missed in the last week and honestly
there really wasn't that much amazing
news lately but literally what made
headlines on news sites this week was
frog sits on top of a sprinkler what is
that why is that new but despite the
fact that I usually never talk about sad
type news this story had just so much
what the fuck that I felt like I had to
mention it and that is the story of the
two twelve-year-old girls who stabbed
their friend 19 times in order to gain
favor from the fictional character
Slenderman for those of you who have not
seen PewDiePie yell for several minutes
at the fictional character Slenderman in
the game slender slender man is a
fictional character depicted as a tall
man in the suit with long tentacles and
no face luckily the girl they stabbed is
still alive but was a millimeter away
from hitting a major artery in the
hearts for those of you who are not in
medical school if you uh puncture your
heart you actually die really fast so no
I know that thank you I'm just really
smart so since the incident has gotten
the whole internet an uproar on both
sides with parents saying we should
never let our kids be images like the
fucking Slenderman the two have been
tried as adults for first-degree murder
which is also causing a large uproar on
the Internet people debating whether the
two twelve year olds really knew what
they were doing worth they were just
going along with this thinking it was a
fictional story and more what the
fuckery a bride and groom Tennessee was
in the news for walking down the aisle
off their wedding dragging a baby behind
them by placing it on the dress of the
bride Shawna Brooks from Jackson
Tennessee decided to do this after
wanting to include her brand-new one
month old baby in her wedding but
apparently thought flowers were more
important to hold it in a one month old
baby
apparently no harm came to the baby as
they wrapped it in quote an enormous
amount of material probably poison cuz
they're terrible parents but like what
in her mind was like I want to help my
baby during my wedding but I'm Goro
Morrill
I need more arms for that shit I guess
I'll just drag my baby behind me like an
open nutsack in the yoga class Oh God
since the photo Shona has received a car
can't you went into heat comment to it
Shona replied with simply the answer is
we do what we want when we want as long
as Jesus is on our side everything
worked out fine and it's gonna continue
to be fine oh my god I totally forgot
Jesus instead of maybe admitting that
maybe this wasn't a good idea she just
dropped a bombshell on us she wins guys
I totally forgot Jesus and more what the
fuck News Justin Bieber was in the news
recently for being racist what two clips
of him were just recently released of
him at age 14 and 15 of him joking
around with some friends saying the
n-word and then later in another video
seeing the n-word where he's saying I'm
going to join the KKK one less knee if I
kill you
I'll be part of the KKK there'll be one
less lonely Nick since the video Justin
has made a public apology where he said
I'm very sorry I take all my friendships
with people of different cultures very
seriously and I apologize for offending
or hurting anyone by Childish
inexcusable mistake personally I think I
mean obviously it's pretty inexcusable
to say something like that hurtful in a
video or any faucet of life that being
said that a lot of words were around
every single day we just assume are okay
to say because everyone else is saying
I'm like a retarded like I mean I said
those all the time in high school and it
took me like a long time to realize
those words can actually be hurtful I
was gonna make some jokes about Justin
Bieber but I think actually just saying
his name is a funny enough joke at this
point so yeah enough talking about
serious shit though in some hilarious
what the fuck news a man wearing only
underwear crashed a stolen RV into a
house after an hour-long police chase in
Washington when I read this where I had
to make sure it was actually a real
story and not just the first episode of
Breaking Bad the 33 year old James
John's from Granite Falls Washington
ended his glorious police chase in his
extremely fast
RV that he just had to steal for some
reason by slamming it into the side of a
house that he did read into and then
tried to formulate an escape plan that
included putting on women's clothing
apparently the man's plan was to change
his appearance to look like a woman so
that
when the cops came looking for him later
they wouldn't recognize him which I
assume he probably thought was going to
go something like this
excuse me ma'am have you seen a mad man
run by here by yes officer I saw this
chiseled really attractive man run pine
and he ran at me like the blazes the
hell and he tried to kiss me because I'm
so attractive but I said no and he ran
past me and he like over there somewhere
thank you Miss here's $50 we're gonna go
catch it unfortunately for him it did
not work out this way and the police
just arrested him immediately probably
laughing while they did it and saying
really really and finally in some movie
news some photos were just recently
leaked showing off some of the sets from
the upcoming Star Wars movie star wars
episode 7 so far the most exciting news
is the spoiled photo of the creation of
the Millennium Falcon which of course is
Han Solo ship from the original movies
delete photos were apparently not
supposed to be leaked as director JJ
Abrams tweeted a picture saying I wish
people would stop working photos from up
seven and making ridiculous claims of
the Millennium Falcon is in the movie
hey ironic part about this tweet though
is that the picture itself was on a prop
in the Millennium Falcon so he's pretty
much just hinting to the fact that the
bloody a Falcon definitely is gonna be
in the movie other set photos released
kind of just show off some of the
creatures in the movie like this fucking
thing I don't know what its deal is but
it's gonna be in the movie somehow and
maybe the building of an x-wing from the
original movies as well but I guess time
will tell with that shit I'm just really
excited to see what they do with this
movie which is set to come out in 2015
anyways that was this episode of put the
foot up News the question of the day
after you guys today is what is the
dumbest thing you did when you were 14
or 15 and if you're not 14 or 15 yet
what is the dumbest thing you've done in
your whole life for me when I was 14 and
15 I had like the worst addiction to
stealing of all time like I just walk
into a store and oh yeah this is my time
to go but yeah obviously I grew out of
that but I just want to look what is the
dumbest thing you've ever done because
obviously we cannot amount to the
glorious rap sheet that Justin Bieber
has so leave that in the comments below
all of today's stories can be found in
the description below so make sure to
check those out as well as all of my
links if you like being touched
inappropriately make sure to check out
my channel at youtube.com slash cat and
destice there's a lot of inappropriate
touching there so make sure to check it
out that's probably the weirdest way I
could have promoted my channel anyways I
will see you next week for another what
the bad news and Fairwinds
