so this happened
hey what's up you guys today I'm gonna
be playing with Barbies nope doesn't get
any gayer than this Oh actually yeah it
could be goodness I've made it gaming
this this is actually pretty straight so
we are going to be playing Barbies games
I don't know I fuckin looked at a
comment that you guys wrote and then I
picked it an hour here that's how it
happens oh wow
barbie you have a lot going on barbie
kind of looks like an albino ariana
grande she has like the side part she
has the top pony she has the big sad
eyes she's doing the skinny arm there's
a dying puppy next to her I don't know
about Aaron I having a dying puppy next
to her but she could alright what should
we play make pet videos the internet
loves them yes we do what does it even
mean can I do two girls one cup with
Barbie absum
oh wow that was terrible and loud
directors mode uh quick mode oh I kind
of like quick mode I'm a lazy director
let's do a quick one she looks terrified
she literally looks like help me oh my
god please get me the fuck out of here
please what do you want to make pet
video Pearl Princess video life in the
Dreamhouse video first of all this dog
looks dead second of all she is
terrified let me out third of all she
just saw somebody die she just saw
somebody die and she can't move she
knows nothing she does not know what to
say
let's do life in the Dreamhouse roll
over the thumbnails to preview ooh
Barbie have you ever heard of auto-tune
Barbie
if I was living in the dream house and
that music started playing I would jump
out of that dream house window and land
on a dream house concrete and kill
myself she just moved so I'm going to go
with that one select your first clip
uh-huh shake never never never never no
never no no oh my god
they just killed the blackroll and threw
her in the trash that ain't even funny I
have no idea what's happening oh I'm
sorry Roger to put my clothes on and
she's laughing at me that's great I'm
gonna pick that add more clips uh I
don't know how what okay this one this
one this one that perfect done I made a
move oh my god there's blood everywhere
there is blood everywhere party Oh what
is happening oh is that me oh god oh god
I don't know what the plot was but it
ended with everybody dying where's my
Oscar alright let's play one more game
potty race yes I'm willing to see that
potty race hey babysitter
can you help potty training little v
first of all little sis is like 14 years
old she does not need be potty trained
she's wearing a miniskirt a halter top
and pigtails and has makeup on if she
can't shit in a toilet then why is she
looking like a whole first floor wait
what
I don't know if I'm ready I don't know
what's happening oh it's like Narnia
what is happening she is putting a cake
up her butt okay great
that's how I learned how to read about
her what the fuck bitch go down this way
what and she's riding that pony
ah so inappropriate okay where's the
potty yet oh there it is oh so fucking
slow I hate you bitch that dog is bigger
than she is
that is not humanly possible whatever
all right go get that toilet paper bitch
bitch go finally to girl she is sitting
on the dock that was in
okay and grab the toilet paper purrfect
potty uh-huh now she's shoving a bear up
a but now she's shoving a lot of things
up her butt this is going to make him
more constipated okay and are we gonna
watch it oh god watch it
oh she loved it Oh what what was that
on that note I'm done what the hell did
she just poop out I mean I'm gonna be
honest though it wasn't as gross as I
was expecting just she ate a doggy
she ate a chair she ate a pony she ate a
lot of things that she should not have
eaten well there you guys go I'm
disturbed leave me some comments letting
me know what Nick leave me some comments
let me know what other games I should
play also make sure to subscribe and
give me a thumbs up subscribing is free
I make new videos every day
so you might as well subscribe because
if you're not subscribed then well
you're gonna get eaten by Barbies but
nobody wants that I think that's a bit
funny with me up an idiot I'll do
tomorrow bar is that a song it's a phone
where did you find that oh my god this
strawberry song Oh
oh my god no no no oh it smells like ass
it smells like ass
