hey what's up you guys yes I am here in
Joey's Secret Garden huh oh I like that
okay that sounds really delicious I'm
terrified because I feel like I'm gonna
get murdered out here what this is a
sanctuary you're just not used to
beautiful nature though
listen I'm used to your bushes and I
need your message I thought yes kind of
rubbage the scariest part is when I came
over he's like let's film it outside
that to me means danger that's what's
happening cuz what are we doing today
we're going to do the what's on my face
challenge usually it's not a challenge
for me to figure out usually I know oh
it's little Joey's oh it's baby Joey's
oh I know those two gross anyways yes
today we're gonna be doing the what's on
my fucking face challenge so he's gonna
blindfold me and then I was gonna get I
just love putting a blindfold on you I
just like that you have mass amounts of
blindfolds handy what what is this this
is a scarf you wear this yeah I'm
judging this is something that like
Kesha wore before she went to rehab this
is like something that she when she got
out of rehab she threw it away and said
Oh starting a new life oh I gave it some
oh my god you saw her when she got out
of rehab I was there you're the dress
tease and then you called her fat you
went back in you're so bad are you
putting me to put this on you yes I have
no circulation right now how many things
I have five things yeah I have five
holes this is perfect by the way these
are all things that we found outside
yeah this is the what's on my face
outside and I went down to the street I
walked down the street a little bit and
I found a few goodie goodies out of
somebody's fucking trash yeah really
no that's not part of the game you have
my backyard I have this street okay you
agree to the rules uh-huh okay ready
no ah I don't know if it ever was
like oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god yeah I
just want to it's a muppet uh oh it's uh
you can't touch it
I don't put on your lips no oh my god
it's a dead cat it's a dead cat clothes
well it's a dead cat riffing it did get
rid of it she's a real furry
I don't know I'm good I'm good okay um
it's a boner what I'll beat your bonus
is so hairy she would silly
it didn't really oh it's a dusting pad
okay so yes all the whole neighborhood's
fucking dusty oh great cool thanks
okay I'll just have to feel it okay huh
I don't oh it was wet it was wet it was
wet and it's on my mouth why yes it was
wet what did you just put on my face
don't give any guesses uh-oh fell off my
me didn't open oh good I don't know
something could come out of it wait what
yeah is it an egg yeah really yeah it's
burning oh my god oh my god Burtie good
I like it now is definite to freaking
you know no this is my Kesha doesn't
want to be your friend your for speeding
her haha okay move on sure I can't I
don't have much women stuff okay ready
no oh that was your face that was your
face office elevate that was your leg it
was your knee oh it was your knee that's
your knee that's your leg ah I guess is
the underbelly of a deado hahahahaha I'm
kind of curious what this is like not
having vision what was that thing
there was charcoal twice black olive is
know eat up
no you don't you know I was hoping you
would I found this on the street too
um I don't know where it's been but
you'll find out I don't giving you all
the pieces of it it's that a song it's a
song where did you find that oh my god
this strawberry song
Oh oh my god no no no oh it smells like
ass it smells like ass it's multi-asset
fevered yes what the hell is that
a mask um are you telling me that's like
a mask people wear disease oh she just
got a disease mask on my face
maybe you know how many these are wrong
with that nothing it's fine I'm sure it
was just a guy who is painting from the
next one
wait that was five what was it hello
that's four huh oh my god that's illegal
whatever you just did that's a little
bit or not a lot to do that in this
video what does that what is that stop
safe word safe word I don't know let him
like it I don't like it at all I don't
like it at all I'm seriously the payback
that's coming to you oh no what was that
it was just a plant that I broke open
that had like a lot of juices and so
just poison ivy I'm gonna leave here
today covered in purple I'm gonna poison
ivy rashes and I'm just a typical day
enjoys secret boy you guys go you want
to see my revenge
oh go over to Joey's channel cuz we're
gonna do this and we've been putting a
lot of things on his face okay I'm not
going to use the stuff I picked out I'm
gonna use a lot of others
hope so check it out subscribe and a
question of the day what are you not
want on your face Rahil all over you can
never
all right guys have fun hang up as we
happening with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
video let's be ever in your favor my
let's like me knows adorable come on
we're all good I don't know they're not
talking to us with each other I think
they're talking about Joey Graceffa is
here I think so too because these faces
not so cute
