hey guys what was that no I'm trying out
a new intro I just suck Mandy I'm
kidding doesn't I can't do it can you no
and I don't think I would really no no
would it
Oh Hannah no no whether it's your dick
in your mouth or someone else's digging
your mouth it's a dick in your mouth and
I defy the twins so many did except so
many did here with Chris Thompson's up
daily 0 6 sup Ricky zero six too many
names on that channel I know
anyways we are here doing another fun
video today we're going to be doing the
bag the bag of all ears
dicks Venkaiah dicks the bag of dicks no
back there so basically this is a Friday
and there's gonna be a lot of non
birthday related things in here a lot of
blowing it's probably licking licking we
tweeted out asking for suggestions for
days and a lot of it involved Nutella
peanut butter nipples armpits our that's
coming back pumpkins never went sub
truth so how we're gonna do this is
we're gonna pick like a few of these and
do some chairs and then on this channel
we're gonna do even more dares
okay so let's fucking do it I'm nervous
I don't get it I get in that pack Eskimo
kiss oh we're starting like I've got my
first date for something I don't know
this is really hot now there'll be
something you can't worry about
we should not look okay I can smell
interesting no you smell delicious baby
okay that just this whole side of a
display we got chills and goosebumps
this should be called the bag of games
of gay make up a dance I have a dance
did you make it yeah okay sure okay this
is called the sprinkle right so you want
to take the sex this is what it is zesty
sexy this and then you go like that
right so you're sprinkling it and then
you take your crop and you go this and
you sprinkle it right and if you have
multiple people you go you should take
this I would call both of those things
the seizure okay I call this one the
girl in a wheelchair at The Ellen
DeGeneres Show and Ellen comes around
press dancer and the girl the
wheelchairs like no bro I'm fine I'm
fine
this is uncomfortable this is all not
really I can't walk Ellen no it's mine
now and just do dance over there those
walk over that David Jonathan over here
thank you
I've seen that happen every single day
on that one draw each other in seven
seconds become the least gay video I've
ever done ready one two three four five
six seven okay so this is Shane cuz
you're a big dick you really captured my
essence yeah there you have a name tag
that's how you know to you what the hell
is that do I have like jelly donut
smeared on my face that's your man beard
that's your hair I think I win that one
wow you could be a dinosaur
dolphins are all right I got very
excited give each other a lap dance
ha ha ha well I think this is just you
give me like it okay so this is not
making me harmful and then they slide
down a theater I like that you're not
making eye contact
no I this is just really thank you okay
I'm still the girl in the wheelchair The
Ellen Show you're welcome
seeing my heart will go on with a
mouthful water I mean I feel I'm good
I hate I just follow it got there really
touched me bro now we're like golden
neighbors yes and they love her hands
one more this one's gonna be yay real ha
ha ha it just says fine
you got a knack for it
alright that wasn't you go click the
other person's chest this is pretty gay
okay first of all this is for me to lick
you your chest if you want you don't
have to boo your prickly oh it felt like
a cat was licking my chest real Scratchy
we have the same
lately I've never had a man my chest
before I took a shower you excuse yours
no no untouched mmm it's like Willy
Wonka like this / nefarious a section
has berries yeah the chest
tastes like gross okay it takes evil
tastes like salt and mango vanilla
vanilla vanilla body wash and a little
bit of my stripper that's what of you do
I have you don't use like a loofah thing
I do not vanilla yeah those are tears on
my channel if you want to check out the
ones on his channel click on his face
giving air that's what your finger okay
listen we're gonna make out some yeah so
if you want to see a hammer work there
also leave us some more dares down there
if you want us to do some more dares do
more deer hash tag a kids game subscribe
and I'll see you guys to the left feel
good you feel real good see you guys
later
who is your favorite character from The
Hunger Games I didn't watch it
I don't watch ticking shit Oh some girls
running around the jungle being like I
am saying and I'm hungry and then some
black girl dies you crying because I
just saw the trailer and then there's a
guy was shirtless and he's like come
with me unless you said I'll be drunk
