gang kommer we talk about everything's
blowing up on the internet there's a
carro musher One Direction member Zayn
was cut on a video shot by bandmate
Lilly of him potentially smoking the
Mary Jane by Mary Jane I'm not talking
about a woman they cut up and inhaled
but rather the pot and by pot I don't
mean this kind of pot but rather we'd
buy weed I don't mean the type of wean
you find in your car I'm talking about
marijuana is that stuff as more
nicknames and Snoop Dogg or snoop lion
where are we with that very very
important fact it's his Eames warmup of
course it's Mary Jay you probably have a
very strong opinion on what you just saw
personally I don't and I think I might
be doing the whole teen girl thing wrong
50 cent would likely not be making more
than his name if he were in the
profession of baseball he threw the
opening pitch for a Mets game and pretty
much all of the things went wrong his
first pitch was not great I do
understand that his job is to rap about
hoes and clubs and money so he's not
necessarily cut out to be a professional
athlete but he also wore a baseball cap
in Jersey in his into club video and
exercised non-stop so you'd think that
would help a little bit in this type of
situation
- the good there's no hip-hop and you're
way out of that one this week on YouTube
I learned that the theme for collapse
you know our second life is omega week
so this week on o2 oh we are doing omega
week omegle basically omega is this
video chat website where you can type in
keywords and you can meet people who are
interested in those keywords hey guys
what's up it's Ricky on o2l this week's
theme is omega week in honor of this I
thought it might be fun to try my hand
at Omega Ling hi I'm Sheila c12 that's
like my youtube channel me but like I
can't completely you remember my real
name cuz like whatever
kind of burns when I put it on my face
but at least my eyeliner game is strong
oh you're typing oh I have to read where
are you from duh Wes WP we're winking
Venezuela you're from Venezuela West
Virginia I haven't heard of that one
meribella like the beauty school oh is
that the one where they force children
to dig really deep holes in the ground
so they can pull stuff out I didn't see
anybody's genitals I didn't see an about
his genitals what hoo hoo
thank you for watching this week's pots
filled episode of bomb.com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome Internet
sure rap nope
if you did enjoy this week's episode
please be sure to give it a thumbs up
and head on over to you she's got calm
slash Alexis geez all - check out my
latest video here is a tiny tiny preview
number eleven statements are fun whoa
that was interesting you can also click
the links in the description to follow
me on all my social media sites because
I post all sorts of things in between
the Sundays you see me question of the
day what are your thoughts on the
potential one direction weed smoking
extravaganza as I said a lot of feelings
or thoughts on it but I know a lot of
you will so be sure to leave them in the
comments below so good
