other guys yes today we're going to be
doing something real weird staring out
the window wishing we live somewhere
else no that's what cheeto does today
mean rhinoland are going to be making
our own music videos I might call this
video they try not to cringe gelatin so
you're the thing I loved this show knows
little called making the video they
would like show the process of Britney
Spears making her music video and then
at the end of the show you would see the
finished product
well I don't have like a new song or
anything and I'm not about the Britney
Spears so I thought I would take this
song that that girl made me from fiber
hey guys I make a music video for that
my delivery man's here oh thank god it's
going to be a long shoot day just a
couple of islands actually gonna do one
too because she also made a song for
Ryland if you remember my video from a
couple days ago so with like your music
video going to be oh yeah
just everything you'd ever drink okay
yes so next I want to email Antonia the
girl who wrote the songs and see if she
wants to like shoot something on her
phone or something so she can have a
little cameo the video I mean it
technically is her singing all right so
let's make the video okay so we're in
the office and we both have printed out
our lyric we're ready for our Charlotte
okay
so hey what's up you guys here's a song
about literally my life it was if you
guys yes have you seen it there's Matt
on Twitter where they put together all
of my hey with the big idea what a big
put a caption this is hey yo tubby guys
yes
hey guys yes hey what's up you guys yeah
hey listen you guys yes Harris did you
guys yeah I did not know I was going
honestly I love cubbies coming to read
people hate puppies
okay my favorite part of this song is
what she says just put some ranch on it
and everything's all right so here's my
thought I want to get like a whole
bucket of branches pour it all over my
body that's disgusting and they make
you're allergic welcome you did the a
gingerbread but just imagine like I put
ranch over my body
you look about the music Brickley could
never she's going I will you got so it
starts it's a bird it's a plane no it's
a queen I love that I think we should
get a bird so let me call up the zoo I
think we shoot a plane the second let me
call it GG board is going to ride
through that and I think we should call
up Queen Elizabeth and be like probably
want a candy if you want to get me up I
think we can do it okay you booked the
guy let me get on my computer the queen
is coming okay so we're going to write
up a list of prop that we have to a good
problem so I emailed a girl Antonia I
want to Skype with her to get very
involved in the making video like your
opinions on it because it's her song
tech right so yeah because of your
company come on we're pretty thank you
and that making the video guys
holy fuck okay it's about an hour later
I just got some incredible news yes
that's fucking everything Thank You
Trish for the painting I emailed Antonia
and I was like hey girl like can we
Skype I want you to be a part of making
the video and then I was like what time
is it where you live because I just
assumed she was like oh no like like
forward or something and then she goes I
live in LA and I was like bitch what
come Antonia is coming you're gonna see
there's a video fit I saw the idea
I wouldn't put her my conspiracy shirt I
wonder my green shirt Oh to put her in
my bathtub
I have so many ideas this is going to be
epic etat
I'm so excited we got the girl that made
the song comment you are out oh we've
never met her I like gave her my address
not even be like are you sure this is
you Wow we could get killed worth it
alright we got to get the props we got
to get ready and Tony is gonna be here
in like two hours
oh my god making the video it's getting
you tensed okay so we're off to get
props so I made a list here
I need ranch dressing Barbie dolls glow
sticks a Hilary Duff CD at a karaoke
microphone when I'm Rebecca Black in
2009 like a high-quality slide music
video the one thing I don't know what to
do is for the super love line because I
don't have my super low costume / I
would not fit into that now
what was that I think that's what you do
when you think that's so scary if I was
like you're waiting to get possessed by
something I was also thinking about my
music video that's only thinking about
yourself Beyonce Michelle Williams over
here that's good to do too okay so our
party should be trying to find costumes
for the video and oh my god me when
death is looming over my shoulder okay
we're in a crown section trying to find
a crown for the Queen the problem is
they all say happy birthday what about
this one this one's cute
oh I'm actually really into it art this
time why am I so good at finding crap
which do you like better as this option
or is it better or gay or shattered
scared better that one why are we in the
point that we need one for our office
line because we need oxygen no nothing
is going to be alive in our office
everything's going to be dead okay why
is that fucking at me though because
shit is me when I don't know where I'm
going is my like kind of putting my kids
in the front of my cart
Jackie help strap him in I don't want to
get hurt they look just like me white
fella fat oh I love our family why does
that look like a 45 year old woman like
it literally looks like a dental
assistant or like she's trying to
pretend like she's a kid she's a good
journalist she's going to elementary
school like what no I'm just a normal
little girl like you know I'm sick take
a look at my hip ass shirt you know Pete
sign those are hips I'm Chuck
I'm quaking okay which Barbie shows me
microwaves
nevermind figured love me when I'm the
annoying skinny friend and I just pecked
water on my picnic now I'm good I got my
water it's really failing for dessert
I'm gonna take a big old bread me when I
see the deccan I'm trying not to look
scared of it
don't mind me
have a lot of issue okay we got all the
props I literally I have no idea so
Antonio is going to be here in about an
hour so we're gonna try to get some
shots without her first and first on the
list is me it's surrounded by mounds of
Taco Bell once again Britney Spears stop
quaking hey like to talk about Ron - who
are you I only did I go to get five
tacos playing hi burritos paka chose to
mix a fetus that's what go running get
it quand email I think you're ready head
back
I don't know a mountain baja blast
freeze look guys a large large trying to
live that's good alright I would say
I've never ordered that much Taco Bell
my life but bitch that would be alive
thank you back right oh my god me about
the Guru
what's all the hall is mine welcome back
to my channel so today we're doing
makeup Aloha so I'm just going to lay
all out of my shell recommen oh my god
this is a lot of boobs got to be careful
to my stinky bed which is also one of my
favorite sexual position I have my gosh
with dope on day and a shit kind of chip
oh that's our bed I know now this is
we're all in magic action okay how
should I like latest out to where it
looks blows a Pacific I guess I should
open it if you spill that all over our
bed just in a little existing it'll
match the others action if I ever ever
thank Dave Lee Smith is gonna be what it
looks like you sharing this chest or
something so action okay and then maybe
we start making a machito britney spears
like this idea is good that lion a hella
being a pop star okay so to get across
the fact that my book is lit we're going
to light it with blowtorch
oh god oh god oh god when the Amazon
review they're too late so this is the
theme where I dressed up like Hilary
Duff and I hold up a picture of her and
I've written half because she can't
handle the competition on a scale of one
to five how high are you right now
goodbye yeah I mean I can't look down
the done' important news Antonio is
almost here she said she's literally one
minute away
freaking out really all right change of
plans you lost
we got finder guys oh my god we found
her you guys this is crazy oh my god I
mean it hurts in my belly
you're so much fucking everything all
the great people that watch freaked out
they loved it I'm now your mouth
I know are you ready for me to put you
in my bathtub and cover you in
glowsticks
I guess I know okay so we're hanging out
on the couch and I'm asking a lot of
questions about fiber because I got a
lot of questions so you do how many
people like ask you to do songs every
day three or 31-day yesterday three to
four songs a day
Xabi crazy and like what's the weirdest
request you've ever gotten have you got
like a weird for something like write a
whole song just about my balls I was
going to do that but I didn't it bebop
though hey but no I just like to help
you but nothing thank you so you have a
youtube channel except that you do like
mashups do you have original songs you
have covers so you guys can always
subscribe to her channel check it out
but here's my challenge to you I think
you should make a song based on a
comment from this video that's a guy's
leave the crazy some men can and she
will incorporate it into a song I put it
on her channel I want to I can't wait
okay here's the first wardrobe change of
the day the conspiracy shirt give it a
smell tell them what it sounds like
we're not sure Luna okay
so get in my bathtub I'm thinking yeah
like if you really like oh yeah like
showcase the shoes yeah and then maybe
I'll just be porn glowstick come her
right okay so we're about to do a
performance shot and look at the shirt
that is a nightmare
what is if you like to wear a million
with me lately because I'm not
comfortable being myself okay we're
going to go sing by the Jeep what as
well all right we're on what does this
feel like Shay my yeah it's weird
because I do feel like a crouton because
I'm covering a ranch and I'm dry so I
hear you over the pool this is a walk of
shame is like oh my gosh it's all white
around you oh my god my face is already
turning red I'm allergic but I guys go
that was the making of our music video
was just the weirdest day of your life
it definitely looked so here we go the
world premiere of put some ranch on it
now
hey what's up you guys here's a
sunflower literally my life it gives put
what I put an edge on it and everything
is I never be sure body in my bathtub
full ounces
my mom I love this thing oh my god I
can't believe I get to listen hey Dalton
what I guys go hopefully you enjoyed the
weirdest music video ever it was so much
fun if you want to see Ryland music
video over on his channel check it out I
also make sure to go over to Antonio's
channel subscribe check it out - makes a
lot of awesome music and thank you for
coming over to my house even though
you've never met me hey thank you for
having me you guys make sure to get it
to our thumbs up if you liked it
subscribe to my channel cuz I make new
videos every fucking day I am going to
go shower forever buddy
whoa
