hey what's up guys and welcome back to
another episode of what the FAQ news my
name is Destry and I actually really
enjoy the movie 17 again if you say you
don't you're a liar you're watching what
the fuck news where we talk about the
news that you may have missed in the
last week while you're off somewhere
being awesome have you're awesome but
the first story I want to talk about
today comes from good ol Great Britain
home of ninety percent of every fandom
ever created my British accent is
horrendous I'm sorry and Britain was in
the news today because an 85 year old
grandmother is now officially Britain's
oldest prostitute
the only prostitute that'll have sex
with you and then make you cookies
directly afterwards and tell you not to
swear while you're doing here oh fuck
yeah granny like that shit grab your leg
with your Scout robe 85 year old Sheila
Vogel coop this big old sack of sexiness
gets paid about four hundred and twenty
dollars an hour for her services to
which she offers to more than ten
clients some as young as 20 apparently
the granny who is actually a grand
brother of X Factor finalist Katy weasel
again really bad at name has been
escorting since the death of both of her
husband's despite a majority of the
family disowning her after hearing about
this Sheila says I'm proud of what I do
it's not something I want to hide I
don't mind if everyone knows my voice
really hurts my throat if you want to be
honest truth I do it because I love sad
this story just gives me so many visuals
that I can't unsee like how is she still
walking how has it her hips broke yet
you know oh yeah like that granny oh
actually I'm pretty sure my hip is
broken I'm not gonna lie and more
fucking old people news I said the
assailant year-old man with a walker was
arrested in Palm Beach for trying to rob
a bank with a knife Russel Cooper
apparently just tried storming into the
bank in his Walker at negative 2 miles
per hour and tried to take a hostage
with his knife so that he could rob the
bank obviously the man he tried to take
hostages alive and well seeing as how
all he had to do was step slightly to
the left to avoid this man's craft it
wasn't a complete loss though as he was
able to pocket a hundred and thirty
dollars before taking his badass self
outside look at fat staffs man once
outside the police apprehended him where
apparently things got violent I'm not
dropping 2% of the surrounding police
about his unintimidating
a knife I'm gonna stick this in your
fucking gut that's when the police
looked around in confusion and says do
did not realize we have guns these have
been around since the 15th century how
old are you in sexy politics news from
Toronto who would start nikki benz
decided to run for the mayor of Toronto
in the next election against the current
Mayor Rob Ford in case you don't know
who robbed for it is he's this jolly
looking guy who probably looks that way
cuz you just got done smoking a bunch of
crap no but he does have a pretty
serious drug problem Nikki bands need to
be seen in over two hundred and
seventeen adult films including strap on
Sally twenty ends meet the fucker six
says I can't do a great job running the
thither and front boy can't do it dark
at on I don't think that's what she
actually sounds like but I tried so far
her stances of ways to help Toronto is
to lower the taxes and to bring the
adult film industry into Toronto even
hoping to implement a national
masturbation Day as a civic holiday I
don't know what good that'll do because
that's already like everyday for me so
anymore what the fuck news a Texas state
trooper who probe to women's vaginas in
a routine traffic stop recently pleaded
guilty for sexual assault weird part
about the story it was a lady cop who
did it is she a lesbian probably man
apparently the cop smelled illegal
substances emanating from the car but a
latest search of the car proved that
there was actually nothing there and
you're balling like oh they probably hit
it in their butthole duh but you'd be
wrong because she thoroughly checked
there too oh yeah the best part she was
the same glove for both girls all right
all done with you smells like a felony
where's the next girl sorry I'm done I'm
done
finally in movie news x-men Days of
Future past wrapped the box office in
its opening weekend making a hundred and
eleven million just in the US alone and
an additional one hundred and seventy
million internationally to put that in
perspective this is now the biggest
international opening Fox movies has
ever had even surpassing James Cameron's
Avatar two thousand nine by ten million
dollars as a man of x-men in general but
not of the horrendous third movie which
I use is toilet paper when I run out I
was actually really happy with the movie
and it was awesome to see like a whole
cast of x-men back together in one movie
deem it better this completely nullifies
x-men 3 because of the whole time-travel
thing so yeah no more x-men 3 even
better though this is pretty much just
an hour and a half of walking Jennifer
Lawrence naked so you know I'm I'm okay
with
apparently the next movie in the
franchise simply called x-men apocalypse
will take place in this new timeframe
just after the events of this movie I
will be focusing mostly on the younger
cast from x-men first class instead of
Expo one two and three so basically what
this means is that people like Ian
McKellen or Patrick Stewart Halle Berry
maybe Hugh Jackman as Wolverine they
might not show up in these movies so
that kind of sucks but I mean you know
Jennifer Lawrence she's gonna be in it
that's all I need I'm not creepy I swear
anyways that's it for this episode of
what the fat news question the day I
have for you guys is if someone was
trying to rob you in there like seven
years old and they had a cane what would
you do in addition to just laughing at
them would you push them away would you
karate chop their neck what would you do
leave those in the comments below and
yeah I just interested to see cuz it's
funny if I was in that circumstance I
would probably just laugh at it in the
whole time like I'd be like bro you
can't even lift your muscles enough to
slice my neck so good luck anyways all
of today's stories can be found in the
description below along with all of my
links before you guys go make sure to
check out my channel at youtube.com
slash Captain desta's I'll be uploading
a Q&A later this week so make sure you
watch that shit anyways I will see you
next week for another what the fuck news
and Fairwinds
