I love fishing so delicious go fetch is
that what it is is it God well fishes
are gone go fishing I don't know I
always just saw how the bitches I think
it's got cool fishes whatever the
it is we're doing the goldfish challenge
bitch yeah bridge I just wanna let you
know that I'm not getting paid from the
goldfish company to do this gold fishies
are bad gross and they'll make you fat
I actually can't eat goldfish so this is
going to be terrible and I'm going to
have the shit's for days this is the
gluten free but not gluten free your
stomach's gonna explode challenge thanks
so much for caring about me inside
you're welcome but I have a mom go to
Target and buy a bunch of gold fishies
and open up the bags and we don't know
what the flavors are there's eight
flavors so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna pull out one out of your bag try
it
and whoever guesses the right flavor
fast wins okay but how were you know
which bag I'm gonna I'm gonna do it for
you okay ready
and this bag in the far right corner
there's a fishy don't look don't look
don't look don't look the color will
give it away color will give it away I
don't even know what the options are
that's the point
oh oh this isn't one of those ones like
the chapstick where there's like a poop
wine right this is like some really bad
like barbecue or something okay good
choice it's really bad I'm gonna go with
when you eat pizza and they throw it up
Oh Pete the flavor that looks easy
explosive pizza well is right literally
when you throw it up explosive explosive
diarrhea okay ready second one Hey oh
I'm already grown this is so close this
bag don't look don't look at the color
gel look at the color look at the color
so may flee risk what at first I thought
it was ranch now it is like Cinnabon
it's like cinnamon it's a synonym
Cinnabon it tastes like it tastes like
pancakes to me maple syrup oh it's
something with syrup on it something
with syrup on there
french toast you cheating you knew all
the flavors beforehand you really love
this chef I'm just fat I'm two for two
don't look don't look don't look don't
look don't look don't look oh what the
oh it's beyond aren't there what is that
it's our bed wait yes no it's the same
thing I don't like this one
it's not like a ritual flavor or
something I'm gonna go with like potato
chip yeah it's just like a regional
flavor is slam and sour cream and onion
that's a chip you are such a fat kid now
you know all this okay I'm getting
nauseous processed food is bad for you
people
ah don't look down look down luck ooh
burnt fish oh it's like graham cracker
mine was chocolate I think my was great
cracker well if you're just graham
cracker - chocolate it's more oh
you did open these you eat those no my
mom oh oh there's marshmallows in them
too
wait let me see mm-hmm okay
not the only what I'd like so far
don't-don't-don't too long uh-uh nope oh
it's some kind of cheese ranch jeez I
can't eat cheese
it is ooh queso fiesta yes Mexican
cheese
I hate there's a lot of real weird
things in here all right three more
don't look don't look on you it's like a
fruit banana kumquat that's a fruit no
it's um
that's a fruity fish Hank you there's
honey in it so there's some gum honey
it's just honey huh all right let's see
it is
oh it's strawberry shortcake oh you're
kind of close we use fruit
that's gross gross disgusting are they
pink what happened a little good
old-fashioned yeah all right don't let
go let go let don't let don't let the
 look but this one's kind of day
it's chocolate well sugar just literally
sugar just sure just diabetes diabetes
diabetes diabetes honey bun honey buns
close to bat every time I go to a what
is it Cinnabon I see about five people
with diabetes waiting line hashtag not
worth it last one ready I think I know
what this one is because it's the one
I've always wanted to try and we haven't
had
and so let's see it's worth it naked man
I know that because you've always wanted
to try I hope this isn't cupcake because
it doesn't taste like anything
it's cupcake I had no idea there were so
many flavors
there are too many flavors I don't know
why you guys are making so many flavors
watch dupe we gave all big shellfish his
top it
I hate fishy Spencer's bukata girls I'm
gonna throw up
where guys go this arc open our jittery
outside if you wanted to see us do even
more weird Shaco to Lisa's channel
subscribe check it out I think we're
gonna do some kind of a bubble gum
challenge yep which is also gonna hurt
our insides aren't you guys a bit funny
of me happening of you I am her ha ha
make sure to subscribe new videos every
single day and I'll see you tomorrow
what are you doing I don't know it is
like get it tight you know is that one
young kids call it getting hyped yeah
getting high feet know being turnt turnt
we're worked on Tubbs worked hard we are
turned up
we are off at her
