what are you doing I don't know it is
like gettin tight no is that one young
kids call it getting hyped yeah getting
high feet no getting turnt turnt
we're worked on Tufts worked hard we are
turned up we are fucked up at her hi I'm
here with Lea Marie Johnson and I'm here
with Larry Johnson she is a youtuber and
I have known her so long you guys won't
know that feeling some people might well
this is news to a lot of you guys when
Lea was a baby she was dropped on my
doorstep I took her in and I said no her
away and then should you get this big
YouTube started I was like come back now
she's here I love more people use me
I'll go seriously I've known her since
you how old were you in the video we did
together like 2008 really well 12 or 13
here's a picture boom they look exactly
the same you Brett I look the same I
think my hair is got the wand a hair got
blonder you got taller your boobs got
bigger in the computer D so few things
have changed yeah it's so true you're
wearing like midriff shirts if you were
wearing those in year 12 what have been
a little awkward would have been a lot
of anyways I guess she's underage so I'm
gonna try to keep my cool today and not
do anything that could get me sent to
prison so we are good people thank you
what'd you do where are you quiz game
challenge yay okay so basically there
was this quiz online I thought well what
youtuber you I thought be funny
we took it because we're youtubers and
maybe it'll say we're ourselves maybe
probably not I don't waiting do sell I'm
really moving it so I hope I don't
because I the first door you hit up at
the mall is a Sephora you can get locked
in there be gamestop you love seeing if
there's any new games you can try out
see Spencer's okay you don't actually
buy anything but it's all I can laugh
we're fine indeed Nordstrom you're
always looking for the new outfit to
show off again I would choose
Nordstrom's I would say Spencer's
because I love getting fake pieces of
poop and things that are shaped like
penises I mean hope you're not 18 things
that are shaped like pts
oh yeah that's better which one of these
movies is your fuckin baby wreck-it
Ralph The Devil Wears Prada my drop by
the way I don't even know what that is
for easy a double Moore's product really
it's so ever since I was little I loved
that movie ever since yesterday since
the day was born okay I'm gonna go I've
never seen where Carell I like the horse
product no idea what struck by
lightening is I did not like Easy A so I
guess I'm going don't worry brother
ah when Z is Oh God how do you usually
spend a night out with friend hey you
don't usually go out with him
you're a bitch the your effort anything
though you do love taking your time to
get ready see playing pranks on them or
deep lots of different things check out
my Instagram if you want to see it and
we know all those people I'm probably
the one who doesn't a lot of friends oh
my god that's me too oh my god what have
we got each other as long as we got each
other
what Ford came did you love growing up
pretty pretty princess
you can't pick you up all it's not
really working but I love a good round
of charade or the last one life I do
love a good game of charades I can do
this oh my gosh what if we're getting in
each other
wait quick round of charades okay what
am i eating a bowl of orange and you're
sad
beautiful who's who is making a movie oh
I got it I got it
he's eating a little porridge and he is
slapping the chicken coz he's gonna make
a chicken for it oh my god then we will
stop there I use that now shitty day
there I'm slapping the chicken trying to
make a chicken pie 18 precious precious
you can't live without your blank you're
so and then your family your mid go bag
or your gaming console why would they
put family
I can live without all those things
that's sociopathic and brough up family
for me you can't live without your
family why can't you live without my
family I'm the lone wolf this is getting
really say hey I do need my family I
love you mom's mentor yeah what is your
current favorite TV show Preda tall our
new girl The Big Bang Theory or the face
please you know what that is the Big
Bang Theory
obviously okay the best holiday is
Valentine's Day whether it's with
friends or the fam you just love love
kill me Black Friday biggest shopping
day on the world comic-con what it
should be considered a holiday or
Halloween perfect time were armed with
shenanigan Halloween and some favorite
meats you I love harmless shenanigans
but I also love harmful shenanigans if
you could trade places with one of the
Avengers for a day I've never seen
moving who would it be Black Widow and
Iron Man The Hulk or Thor Iron Man
that's what I was gonna say oh my gosh
we're literally the same person I would
say I remember cuz he has like he's like
a robot yeah he's super rich and he was
like this huge mansion has no family no
yeah I'm true yeah and he looks like
with the best view in the world his
house is awesome and he can just turn
into a superhero whenever he wants
let's just kill ourselves and become
robots yes which theme-park sounds like
the news fun do jeon youngrok
Vidya the Wizarding World of Harry on
our universe is specifically for legal
and Lego and sucks
I live in San Diego it sucks Disneyland
I'm going to say Universal Studios
because Disneyland is really creepy and
they're tricky Lakes or wages that's up
I think I need my turkey legs to be like
on the Jeep who's your favorite Disney
Princess move on Cinderella
Rapunzel alright okay
well Rapunzel is me I love move on
because it's all about like girl power
and they can do like anything that I can
do yes I'm gonna go through lon okay I'm
gonna go move on too because I just love
being Asian
you are jacksgap okay you do that I
could've been I uh
Jax yeah you're a jazz guy you love the
lamp but you like me other people laugh
even more you're always coming up with
hilarious jokes one-liners and much more
your humor knows no bounds
alright I don't see you as a man I don't
see myself as a man okay if you know we
should do just for fun let's really
quickly play the game again but do the
worst answers and see who they think the
worst youtuber is oh yeah yeah we'll say
we hate our family
we'll say we like them all we'll say
that we like going to Legoland oh okay
first place we hit up obviously sephora
favorite movie struck by lightning
how you usually spend your night with
friends I don't know check my Instagram
for the answer me what Morgan did you
loves pretty pretty princess
obviously you can't live without your
phone or makeup bag favorite car TV show
the face face yeah
best holiday is it's a tie between Black
Friday and Valentine's Day yeah let's go
partying all right I think it trade
places with anybody
Oh black wood that doesn't she like
killed men oh yeah but she's perfect
don't don't
oh she's perf fever theme park legally
like oh man my favorite princess feel
like the worst person will pick maybe
Cinderella yeah I'm old school bitch we
got missglamorazzi here always big thing
whether it's a new foundation nail
publisher product you're always trying
to evolve and expand your beauty routine
I don't think she's the worst primary
such a nice I like her why I think this
quiz was made by some like tween girl
who is like only knows like five
youtubers Buller guys go we want to
check us out doing a Disney challenge
it's not going to be good I'm really
excited it'd be offensive check it out
on our channel over there subscribe
click on her face and also we've called
Mia telling us what youtuber you think
you are most like I don't think I'm like
either these people I'm like you you
like me
I'm like you oh I'm like a mixture of
you and glozell and apparently jacksgap
and jacksgap
alright bye check out the podcast is
down there and also go check out their
videos and I'll put the links and we're
gonna go I'm gonna go to the gym they're
gonna go have a great life and then I'm
gonna poop on the floor oh wait you did
that before
