it's happening it's finally happening
I'm taking a shower I'm just kidding
that's never gonna happen
if you put on a headband nobody knows
you haven't showered in eight weeks I
think that's something this climber on
see said right I don't know anyways yes
what is really happening is I'm gonna do
a podcast right now with special guest
Smosh is Anthony I'm very very excited I
haven't done something with him in like
a day we have some grazy nights okay
that's a lie I haven't done something
with him in like a long time and I I
don't I'm nervous what am I gonna say
what am I gonna do am I going to touch
him am i gonna hold back am I gonna like
cry am I gonna scream then I kind of
kidnap him I'm gonna throw him in the
back of my truck am I gonna Club him
over the head so it knocks him out so he
doesn't call the police I don't know
what I'm gonna do but hopefully it'll go
good so we're gonna do a podcast then
I'm gonna go to the gym and then I'm
gonna come home and work fabulous life
of a youtuber worship me oh my god guys
it's happening it's happening it's that
Lauren is happening okay at least act
like you're excited for me he's here oh
my god oh my god I'm so glad I'm wearing
water-resistant closure it's only taking
how long for us to finally get this done
taking so long I like I don't know what
to say I'm like nervous I'm like excited
like I'm like sweating I'm like shaking
I put it off because honestly I'm like
so nervous to be on something alone
because I'm always on with someone else
doing whatever it is that you're not
alone baby I'm here baby like I'm right
here
actually the truth is I'm scared to be
in a room alone with you oh that's what
Lauren's here yeah shoot thank you she's
not even the co-host she's missing she
just like keeps me from touching her
guests they sit me all the way over
there I won't be able to look in your
eyes though that's true I'm really far
away but it's okay like because the
farther I am away it's like you need to
be over there because then at the end of
the show we're finally gonna touch in
it's gonna be a big moment it'll be the
big release mm-hm
just everything just fell out of my bi I
need to pick it all up okay Thanks
yeah we're gonna do the podcast and then
after we're gonna tell you how it goes
yeah and we're done we did it
so it was awesome we I don't know if we
revealed some really dark things listen
if you guys want to listen I'll put the
link down there soundcloud.com slash and
friends there was some revealed stuff
not just from us but I revealed some
stuff from her no no no I applauded you
judge like I was editing I'm a psycho
for you know we're not gonna give it
away but I decided to keep it real guys
no you kept it real and I appreciate
that
I'm crazy I feel like stupid shit
they've done I forgot it's an
embarrassing story myself because it
made it sound like I was his asshole
that didn't have any embarrassing story
was making people feel bad for stuff but
alright well then then then then let's
change and give us a really quick
embarrassing story I don't know I don't
know I'm not a do perfect I don't have
any I don't have anything in bed did you
ever get did you ever heard anybody
receive naked there's one one time I was
it was like I was like 15 and I was
falling asleep and I was masturbating
and then I just I did the motion and I
fell asleep so I was so tired and I
actually left my light on in my room
anyway so the next morning my mom comes
in to wake me up for school as she does
but she never woke me up that day so I
wake up still got something in my hand
that I never anyway so so I pass out
like that fast no I didn't even finish
my wiener was in my hand my wonderful I
thought you made an honor was in my and
I was like you know that gun doesn't it
melts my caner my wiener is in my hand
oh yeah so there's like oh my god by the
way this is first of all yeah first of
all this is you bragging that you have
enough wiener mic when I lay my penis is
so small it's like in my finger okay was
under my pinky uh-uh
anyway so then I woke up I'm late for
schooling I'll never woke me up and I
win and I'm like my mom is walking
around like normal and I was like I just
put two and two together she obviously
can't my door was I woke up to a door
shutting and I just was I had to have
been my mom walking in to see me naked
with my wiener in mine I would have been
proud if I was ramana's I'd have been
like damn like he had enough wiener
to do and that's the kind of mom she's
gonna be and that's why she would make a
great that's beautiful
full circle your embarrassing story
still makes me feel like crap because my
first I don't have enough
to do that and I'm like it's fine you
get where you're perfect we get it
you're amazing you found yourself a
great man good like that now
oh yeah check out the podcast is down
there and also go check out their videos
and I'll put the links and we're gonna
go I'm gonna go to the gym they're gonna
go have a great life and then I'm gonna
poop on the floor oh wait you did that
before oh I don't want to wear the gym
all I wanna do is go home and watch
Netflix and eat food but yes I must come
here work my body and realize how flaky
my skin is holy shit why don't you guys
ever tell me these things if I ever have
like food in my teeth like flaky skin
you guys please tell me can you not be
the friend that like ignores it and then
I have it the whole - oh my god there's
so much you know what happened I put
product in my hair
and I usually don't and it crusted and
now it's like coming out that's a lie
it's just dry skin I was trying to make
myself sound cool cuz I was like I use
product it didn't work so yeah I'm gonna
go to the gym that's it so question of
the day what youtuber do you want me to
interview next on the podcast I mean
obviously I interview more than just
youtubers but I always find that the
podcast that are with youtubers are
interesting more interesting because
there's so much for me to talk to them
about there's some we have so much in
common
especially meeting Anthony I feel like
we are very similar and I feel like we
both have similar goals it was just fun
he's such a nice person such a fucking
nice person so it's nice to hang out
with youtubers who are very popular and
very successful but they're still humble
and they're still nice and a lot of
asshole youtubers who're not even that
popular and just assholes and it's nice
to meet somebody like Anthony is the
opposite of an asshole
he's a dickhole in a good way that's the
opposite of an asshole right not really
okay let's move on all right you guys if
you have fun eating with me I've been
hanging with you go check it out
I'll put the link down there I just
realized how horrible I'm gonna feel
when I go into that gym it's a Saturday
right now which means there's gonna be a
lot of good-looking half shirtless
people this is go hominy I love any kind
of chapstick that has like a weird
flavor but weirder the fucking better
I like waffle I like french fry I like
nacho I like bacon I like all of it
