hey what's up the guys
yes I'm laying in my bed I am touching
my butt for some reason I'm gonna stop
doing that and I'm about to do it as
Shay now today we're gonna do something
a little bit different and we do a
survey which is called the what is
survey it's real deep almost as deep as
my finger is right now in do my actual
but please tell me to stop damn it when
you tell me to stop and if you just want
to do it more okay number one what does
your myspace name mean
okay wait is little outdated let's say
what does your youtube name mean well it
is my name Shane Dawson well it is Shane
Dawson TV because I thought it was
clever because back in 2008 I'm like oh
it's like YouTube it's like TV that's
cool not so much anymore number two
where was your default pic taken well my
main picture with the epic sunglasses is
actually photoshopped I took a picture
of myself on my Mac and then I
photoshopped sunglasses on myself and I
photoshopped the word epic on those
sunglasses and then I used a shitty
iPhoto filter to make it look like there
was five of me and that was about it
you're learning a lot today what's your
middle name
Lee L II and now fairy aysia matches a
lot of things about myself what's your
relationship status
hello I'm kidding you know me I always
got a boo
what is your current mood gassy who do
you love the most I mean I guess what is
that what does that even mean I mean I
love my family I love my friends I love
Lisa I love my dog so I'm gonna say
Wendy Williams oh dude what makes you
happy
definitely not the radio because they
play the same three songs over over over
again you know what song did not make me
happy
ironically the song called happy every
time it came on it made me want to have
peace the fuck out of this planet are
you musically challenged quite know what
that means
I can make noises with my mouth water
drops don't worry about it if you were
an animal for one day what would you be
I would probably be my dog because then
I would get attention from my girlfriend
nobody likes me have you ever had a
near-death experience yes I was in the
hospital God maybe seven years ago and
like my heart stopped and I was I don't
know why I was in the hospital probably
for exhaustion right that's what all the
celebrities so if I wasn't a celebrity
and I was really actually exhausted and
my heart just stopped but it started
again and now we're here I have wasted
my life name someone with the same
birthday as you oddly enough a Cheramie
who is the lead actress in my movie has
the same birthday same day and year
that's fucking crazy we might be related
which makes the movie really
uncomfortable because she's my love
interest incest is sexy do you have
braces no but I have a wire behind my
teeth you can't really see it but I had
braces so they put the wire behind my D
so that my teeth wouldn't get fucked up
anymore
yeah so I got that little hidden hidden
pen thing in my mouth nobody knows about
it when I go through the metal detector
beeps and people are like oh he's
packing weapons and they're like
actually he probably just has a wire
behind his teeth he looks like a little
pussy those people would be right and
last but not least what is your favorite
smell oh god I have a weird obsession
with chap sticks I love any kind of chap
stick that has like a weird flavor but
weirder the fucking better
I like waffle I like french fry I like
nacho I like bacon
I like all of it oddly enough the one I
don't like is just the normal smell like
a normal smelling chopstick to me makes
me want to throw up
smells like glue or something favorite
thing to do is to go to the mall go to
Claire's or whatever the gorillas lame
store is that they Pierce fucking
ten-year-old girls ears at and I like to
go to the chapstick section and I just
like to scroll and I love when the
people that work there go um can I help
you
and I go no I'm getting everything I
need from this usually makes people
really uncomfortable which I enjoy
anyways I scroll through I pick out like
just like ten of them and go to the
register and I lay them all down and
they say do you want to sign up for a
Claire's card and I say fuck no I want
to pay full price for this pleasure and
once again it makes people uncomfortable
and then I go in the parking lot I open
them all up in a try mall on it once oh
oh this is why I have no friends Wow
this myspace survey has answered a lot
all right you guys there you go that was
me answering whatever the fuck this
survey was ladies and questions down
there maybe I'll answer em next time
hope you enjoyed hang with me I enjoyed
hanging with you question of the day let
me take one from the survey what is the
first thing you notice about the
opposite sex be creative at you guys
I'll see you tomorrow make sure to
subscribe I make new videos every single
day and I love you I don't know why I
just blew you a kiss I don't think I've
ever done that we're trying new things
today guys you're wait let me pick my
butt again and there you go pink I see
you later I'm writing a book I I'm
writing a book me this guy and I'm doing
it all by myself
nobody's helping me it's so neat that so
many youtubers have decided to write
something really put themselves out
there so I too decided to write a book
Oh
