welcome to the 25th episode of bomb.com
where we talk about everything that's
blowing up on the internet you've seen
enough rosin lick dubs on YouTube to
last you the lifespan of Anna and Elsa's
parents go outside and build a snowman
unless it's really really hot then come
back inside go on YouTube and thumbs up
a lot it makes us happy or you could
make a friend which is what the creepy
living the Snowman from the movie would
want you to do on a semi completely
unrelated topic here is a lip dub of the
song fancy by Iggy Azalea as the
Internet is referring to her as debate
queen dubbed over by a father and
daughter who look very much like they
could be on the cast of Modern Family
so let me get this straight you are
fancy enough that you can trash hotel
rooms yet you're not fancy enough to
purchase a GPS seriously there is no
fast lane that goes from LA to Tokyo the
Australian version of One Direction
slash younger version of blink 182 5
seconds of summer released their music
video for a song called don't stop and
if it can and won't stop I will be a
very disappointed if there is not a
French price : bow
to be honest I am a little bit confused
just because they're prime demographic
of teen girls is not at all the
demographic for superhero movies that is
some grade a collegiate marketing stuff
right there but somehow they made it
work and the music video is pretty good
perhaps due to either their talent or
great hair or both so she tells all the
ladies a few things that confuse guys
about the way girls flirt won't stop at
you are you okay okay there's another
one when girls hit you and they to get
your attention there's a playful element
of like a little lakeshore I'm not
saying I get hurt but I feel like just
to clarify based on this I would suppose
I was wrong in my assumption that a
marriage license and a restraining order
are the same thing stitch shoot on
YouTube I learned that a bunch of
youtubers have written or are writing
books which is super cool because it may
help certain teens read things other
than Instagram captions
little surprise shocker whoa oh my god
here it is the announcement I'm actually
working on a book look at that
me working on a book I'm writing a book
I I'm writing a book me this guy and I'm
doing it all by myself
nobody's helping me it's so neat that so
many youtubers have decided to write
something and really put themselves out
there so I too decided to write a book
thank you for watching this flirty
episode of pom pom hopefully we didn't
hit you with an awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoyed this episode
please be sure to give that thumbs up
and head on over to youtube.com slash
Alexis diesel to check out my latest
video that I did with Lisa Schwartz
where we teach you how to have swag why
be sure to check that out and you can
also follow me on Twitter and Instagram
for behind the scenes of bomb.com voted
and question of the day if you wrote a
book what would the title be I don't
really want to tell you mine just in
case I end up writing more than a piece
of paper
