hey what's up guys and welcome back to
another
what the fuck new pretty sure I just had
a seizure right there my name is destory
and I have literally seen The Hobbit 22
times that's not a joke
literally 22 times little literally you
are watching what the fuck is where we
talk about the news that you may have
missed in the last week at the first
story I want to talk about comes from
Portland Oregon where a man dressed up
like a Darko took LSD and then stabbed a
woman's car because he claimed it was a
shape-shifting demon what apparently the
30 year-old Conrad McCain had just been
having the worst day trying to fight off
the demon lord Morgan in his flat two
photo quote slay Obama which then led
him weaving in and out of traffic on
foot in a car that was honking at him
gave him a bad vibe which he then
assumed was of course a shape-shifting
demon Conrad says I was trying to prove
a point
don't mess with the dark out I couldn't
agree more but then again everyone knows
you can't kill a demon with the sword
god you're fucking noob honestly though
I think this guy's my new hero I mean
aside from the fact that he does drugs
don't do drugs don't do drugs and guys
are bad but I mean this guy is 30 years
old and he's still dressing up and he's
still pretending and that's what makes
it lawsuit he just you know still has an
imagination or a acid addiction either
one in international what the fuck news
a murder trial was put on hold due to a
couple having sex in the other room
while the trial was going on the judge
and Ivaldi told the prosecutor to stop
talking when she heard peculiar noises
coming from the other room and the
outline of two naked bodies fornicating
behind the darkened glass next to the
courtroom fornicating I love that one's
just so much more proper excuse me ma'am
would you like to fornicate I'd say yes
proceedings for the murder trial were
that temporarily halted because of the
incident but it's just like how do you
get horny in a courtroom God just makes
me so hot oh the two fornicators we're
barely married employees who could just
not wait to get home to tickle the tuna
taco as they say shatter the meat Tunnel
Speer the bearded clam part of the pink
sea okay I'm done the two were
embarrassed as fuck and may face
disciplinary measures in the future but
honestly I kind of feel more you know
embarrassed for the judge because here
you are doing this serious murder trial
and it's like oh you
Oh oh my god oh yeah girls boom yeah we
could probably hold off for a little bit
kind of sound like they're stirring a
pot of macaroni in there Oh God in video
game news the gameplay trailer for
Batman Arkham Knight was just released
showcasing pretty much just what the
story might actually be about definitely
returning his Scarecrow said to be one
of the main villains of the game the
best of all a new villain named arkham
knight is in the story and he just looks
like the most badass motherfucker like
holy shit this is your only warning
abandon this city with greatest fears
anyways yeah I'm pretty excited to see
what that guys all about wow that's not
a really gay pretty excited to see what
that guys all about the game is set to
come out in October and yeah that's
pretty much it I'm just gonna try to
hide my nerd boner now sorry
hashtag marriage burger and food what
the fuck news McDonald's recently came
out with a new mascot happy the happy
meal oh he's so terrifying
Wow I'm gonna have great dreams tonight
but seriously why the fuck did they make
this guy so terrifying boy girl on
second thought they could make this guy
any more terrifying than Ronald McDonald
or as I like to call him the king of
rape McDonald's says happy will
encourage kids to enjoy fruits
vegetables low-fat dairy and wholesome
beverages such as water or juice it's
not gonna encourage kids to do that it's
gonna forcefully make it with it's scary
fucking rape arms not those arms say to
me they say hey you can't escape what
I'm holding on to you so far the
reactions from consumers are all just
really hilarious ranging from what the
fuck is that creature to oh fuck no the
bottom line I really hope I never have
to look at this thing again cuz I really
don't want Mick nightmares or Vic
suicidal tendencies no thank you
lastly and what the fuck dude a man was
arrested after trying to have sex with
an ATM and then later a picnic table I
totally understand this one I was
actually just recently looking at my
stove just could not stop masturbating
Wow the boarding nine-year-old Lonnie
Hutton was arrested in Murfreesboro
Tennessee when his genitals were exposed
as he was trying to fornicate vADM I
don't know which hole he was trying to
go into but he must be pretty small if
he could fit into any of them when the
two officers who carefully subdued him
sat him down at a picnic table he
decided he wasn't done with his love
festival and decided to cheat on the ATF
with the picnic tip calling into
question just how many splinters are now
in this man's dick hole he was charged
with public intoxication and sent to
jail with a 250 dollar bond probably one
of the best stories you can tell your
inmates of why you're in jail hey man
while you in here
oh I fucked an ATM yeah okay I'm gonna
yeah I'm gonna go I'm gonna go anyways I
hope you enjoyed this episode of what
the fuck news and now on to the question
of the day what do you personally think
about the new McDonald's logo because I
mean honestly I'm going to have
nightmares there's no question about it
so if you could change the mascot at all
what would you have as the new mascot or
would you just not have a mascot or
would you like go back to Ronald McNair
comments down below all of today's
stories can be found in the description
as well as links to find me on all of my
social media sites before you guys go
make sure to check out my newest video
on my channel where me and my best
friend did a best friend tag yeah it's
pretty great like I'm bouncing a cray so
much crate hurts anyways I will see you
next week for another what the fuck news
and Fairwinds
