hey what's up you guys okay little quick
announcement before we get to today's
video I wanted to tell you about this
earlier and then it just came out in the
press whatever today and I wanted to be
the first person to tell you but fuck I
got it before I did but um I'm writing a
book I am writing a book me this guy and
I'm doing it all by myself
nobody's helping me I've already started
and and yeah I don't know exactly when
it's going to come out yet but the cool
part is you guys are gonna be able to be
a part of it so I'll make a whole video
explaining this later but I'm going to
have your guys's input throughout the
experience of me writing the book so
that you guys could be a part of the
process so I'll put some links down
there you can learn more about it if you
want me Joey Graceffa Connor Franta and
a couple other youtubers are doing this
so truly exciting and I'm excited so
have fun watching the video and
hopefully you're gonna be seeing my book
soon that's what you do you see books
right know what you read them I should
probably read a book first before I
write one good idea guess who's back
back back again get-get Jesus back back
back tell your friends friends friends
if you don't have fun it's okay just
leave a comment saying hey and then go
outside play and I try to meet somebody
who's really good really good I wasn't
gonna stop you I just don't go so it
doesn't just get get back gun stop can't
stop whoa okay yes we're gonna answer
some more questions because that's Jesus
fun and you guys like it we like it and
I like this shirt I totally forgot last
time to say are you selling sir do yeah
thank you for this okay first of all I
just made them that we could be but
what's good here is that I'm selling
back I didn't buy this I stole it all
right first question Lisa do you ever
get jealous of Shane because of his
chest hair and it's longer than your
actual weave here
good question because I take a lot of
pride in this hair but I actually really
do love your chest hair I wouldn't call
jealousy as much as I would call it love
like I love it
well I hate your weave here makes me
sick and it scares me because I think
about all the women that it's been it's
a bit on any other woman yes it has
yes because that's how they grow it yeah
it comes from a real woman yeah I know
there's a farm of women and they're all
like like horses they're all like in
their little thing like an egg and they
come over and they shape them and
they're like no like my hair and then
the guys like I'm taking your hair for
Lisa and then with who listen she's
beautiful she's on YouTube and I like
what's YouTube and it's taken here this
question was this before me it's a long
story short I love my chest hair and
hate her weave hair next question
Danny wants to know if you could do one
thing that's illegal what would you get
to do get married because it's possible
you know really look at your women not
in some states I guess you're right
gluten oh my god is you learn old for me
to eat gluten let me tell you and dairy
so lightly if I could just eat like a
big grilled cheese sandwich I would get
down I don't like grilled cheese really
good I was like our comfort food growing
up my mom and me my brother used to call
it cheese grill mm-hmm and I still call
it that good man just like you call
cement cement it is cement cement cement
cement to be something Rachel wants to
know Lisa how do you deal with Shane
being such a floor it's a slug oh I just
like to let him do it like I like you go
out and do your thing and put your thing
in things because that gives
the ability to watch remembers TV ever
true like while you're here watching
scandal I'm doing something scandalous
with Joey or any of those I'm a girl
Oh marina wants to know - Shane spread
smell that not usually don't notice and
you don't even brush your Jeep at
haunted true my mouth cleans itself just
like a button that's yeah butts yourself
cleaning yeah oh maybe that's not okay I
think you've to wait I gotta go wife
just a second we're paying to watch snow
could you whack Shane's back again duh
anytime you want that was actually the
most traumatic experience for you ever
well not when I did it but we went to
try to get it done you cry - you heard
it - huh yeah it's pretty horrible you
wanna give it a try just to slow patch
oh oh no try the last she's getting the
wax should be interesting am i
interesting I mean horrible and scarring
to my mountains okay sherry projections
do it just do it
who needs directions anyways right uh
this looks like it's good
make it small I asked for the most
painful oh good
don't do the whole thing just do a
little smidgen oh don't oh my god oh my
god oh my god my wife can do that why'd
you do that why'd you do that why'd you
do that why'd you do that she put the
excess on my leg and now it's her oh
okay ready no wait just a little bit
just a little bit just a little bit just
a little bit just little bit just little
bit oh my god oh my god that the whole
thing why'd you do that why'd you do
that like No
oh no it's really bad oh my god yes oh
is it bleeding is it bleeding I cannot
even tell where it came from
Oh No she wanted to me no oh okay guys
go
fuck you guys haha are we done yeah I'm
done no no no well head over to my chair
more questions and more no aren't you
guys a bit funny with us here look at
that make sure to subscribe to her and
to me and I'm gonna go now oh the things
we do for you guys I love you guys ah
it's bleeding random you come out of the
womb this is me coming up the closet
