hashtag shinny that's I mean I just
picture like a brain shit me and the
brain and the brain one is stupid the
other is the same which is her hey guys
yes it's shifting in the brain here and
we are gonna do a fun video today call I
don't know what it's called yet but it's
gonna have a title the random song life
challenge experience hey game yeah
basically what we're gonna do is we're
gonna have five on my channel 5 on hers
and it's gonna be like you know first
date first kiss first day of school or
in a park films on random she doesn't
have any music on her phone
she's an alien so she's gonna put her
Pandora story and every song is gonna
explain the moment that we just said yes
yes I'm gone first I'm nervous because
it's gonna be bad like it's gonna be bad
I'll get me notes in your playlist
though so people like me let me just say
first before do this I have another
talking here that only download because
I'm going to spoof them so I need to
learn them I don't believe you you only
have things that you haven't you
probably want to work out to it and you
probably really like is there some
Hannah Montana
I don't like a not give it away okay the
first thing is your birth go uh okay
I'll go first ready yes random
you come out of the womb this is me
coming up the closet okay your turn okay
this is my purse Oh slit right out
actually crying to her mother I did it
was easy Berger you waited skinny burr
up oh I bet it was like a chicken wing
much bone this was your mom's mom so my
mama catch a grenade for me suck you
long I'm a grenade you're I exploded her
lady parts
sorry mom sorry I love you okay first
kiss oh this one is called 10000 lovers
want to know how I'm not realistic that
is it's got numbers in your mind maybe
10,000 personalities yeah that would
actually you're right okay what's yours
the first guys
last Friday night yeah your first kiss
was a week ago I'm a late bloomer
so no one wants to make out with me when
you do get your first pubic hair thank
you yeah it was eyes are we mean real
yeah let's move on
didn't really want to know that but they
first sexual experience I don't know how
this is I this side was this didn't I
don't know how that got on my phone
maybe Lisa can comment on my first
sexual experience I don't know my mom
really that actually makes a lot of
sense because it fell it was in
somebody's way and they were like and I
was like I don't know about that they
were like not my girl now listen like
you're gonna like what you see like
don't run away and she was like and I
was like girl disdain your girl because
I promise you it's gonna get better and
she was like and I was like girl I
ripped my jeans did I eat a lot
yesterday and like it's not a fashion
statement it's like I'm a fat statement
and then she was like
home alone that we color it for the kind
of good part
nowproceed it across are you good
professional experience roar oh crap
that's nasty you're like so good to rock
the boat and make a mess you were like
I'm about with your breath hold with ton
like oh a sectional I don't mean to say
anything in this video you do everything
oh my god I'm a tiger your high school
experience
Oh God it's bangerang you know my squash
bang bang bang again although I did look
like a 500-pound Skrillex look that
makes sense
what's yours okay high school experience
are you okay very spacious
oh my gosh this is really good I was I
had acne braces and no friends that was
girl that sound like a dead horse hahaha
girly yogurth got shot her like that was
had two broken legs what Bowers oh I got
turned into glue oh that's sad just good
cocky
I just got written into the ground who
does that like a good ear okay last one
your life on YouTube
so did you all use your money car what
you want to show it it just won't be
legal
I'm like Britney don't you want to see
my pecan I'm like now she's like do you
want to see my giraffe I'm like no okay
oh my girl in the world
yes are YouTube and my ego sweat numb
the only girl I think he only is you
were in the world like nobody'll matter
than me I think they're ready I think
it'd be really nice it's just an act
like it's not truly Who I am on your eye
I am narcissistic maybe that's a big
word I'm gonna say your bitch you're
mean a bit kidding baby thank you
kidding this fictiony kitties I see guys
that was our game if you want to see
part 2 where we're going to do even more
graphic nasty weird crazy bastards a lot
worse embarrassing song go check out
British channel subscribe to check it
out in the comments saying hashtag shit
me no sure see you tomorrow bye na na
well fuck me I want you to love me but
you can same thing how was you that's so
gross
