sighs oh my god we just did a podcast
with Tripp and Andrew just is insane and
we called just as dad and now just as
that is going to fuck Trish it's going
to be a whole thing I'm really excited
happening it's happening discussing
about some cosmic associated with hi
guys
oh my god I am so fucking excited today
because we're going to be doing another
fiber video now first of all I just
wanted once again say this is not
sponsored okay so let's go back on the
website and see what kind of things I
can waste my money on what is this I
will find your message in a coconut fish
what the fuck me when I message isn't
working
wait what we where is he I love the
v-neck from H&M compared with just look
like it okay wait okay he's opening up
the coconut okay okay
so I can have him open up a coconut and
it will say anything I want
yes ordering it now Oh voiceovers you
know I love it
hi I only see thanks for jumping by
spider kick I'm getting ready to do a
few sample reads where is she
like I love it but also girl are you
okay are you in a back alley dress my
shelter vessel Raven for you my hang
around watch I'm Jessica and today we're
going to learn all about the new 2016
Scion I am yes
writing the script for her right now I'm
not going to give it away but it's going
to be good okay we're ordering that one
for sure I once again if you don't know
how this works
I have to order all these and then in 24
hours I'm going to get the results kind
of like an STD test alright let's do
something a little bit different oh yes
this guy will make a product for us I
want him to make a perfume called liquid
Shane Bob want to look real like I want
to send to Macy's and happen to be like
no thank you what I want them to think
it's real okay so I'm going to do liquid
chain but we'll find out 24 hours I will
jump sing poor food and create a
testimonial for you
yeah wait what oh she's cute
I love that to back me online versus me
in real life
how much is this this is only five
dollars bro I'll give you ten look I
want her to pour Taco Bell all over her
with a diet coke
and I want her to dedicate it to me
right ordering it giving her a tip five
stars all right what seems my glass oh
this is interesting
this girl does two children's book
illustration yes yes please oh my god
honey would Pacino okay I'm going to
tell her that I want my illustrations to
be me being eaten alive by my cat who
hates me that kind of story all right
ordering now phase one bar you know what
okay I'm going to order another song for
my favorite girl Antonia so if you guys
remember last time I did a fiber video
she did a song all about me and working
everything well Roy was obsessed with it
he's been singing it like literally
since you saw the video so I think we
should have her make a song for Riley
and then I guess the prize thing with it
it was like my day it'll be great okay
so I'm going to let her do whatever she
wants we'll see your point works
wait what scary movie oh my head my
someone wanted to come here
here just a minute you're ordered in
here about my manaat' ha bitch cut me
open and fuck my bloody incident I love
it yeah the screen guy is going to call
me to make a video about me the only way
to get better is that you put on a Gale
weathers weight and plunges me in sight
all right so I'm going to have the
screen guy make a video for me this is
what I like to call a childhood dream
come true make a wish squeaking wait
what I will show your message to
students yes
are you telling me I can get those kids
to say whatever I want call them I'm
calling the cops
I'm just letting them know that they're
gonna have to come up rest me in 21 hi
police station yes I've been creating
myself this is pretty incredible I'm
going to set the script I'm not going to
tell you what says 24 that category
right give up on those fuckers
enemy yeah rapper man yes I will give
you more than $5 I will give you $20
okay I'm gonna have them write a rap
about me and my child whatever the fuck
he wants to say you can say and I'm
ready oh my god this girl can turning
into a Simpson I want to do this but I'm
also nervous she's going to be like well
we already look like rusty but maybe
I'll do it a fairly fortress Deer Island
you know a Cheeto yeah
$10 accepted all right see it's my box I
will create an amazing video commercials
yes
hey guys my name's Ivan and I will
record the perfect video review of your
product your website application or
anything yeah yes you will and yes I
will take you ah you know what I'm going
to take this one seriously I want him to
do a commercial for my book a lot of you
guys might not know this I've written
two books wrote them myself and I love
them and I don't really promote the
knowledge but like if you could make me
a sick-out commercial for like my book
it gets worse that would fucking kill it
and I would fucking use it I'm gues
ordering this one Apple C 20 bar oh my
god this person makes book covers
speaking of book oh yeah okay what if we
have met make a book cover for my book
that doesn't exist called alcohol
bottles look very serious like Twilight
and Hungary like move at it away because
the whole built home is here alright
we'll see that part all right you guys I
will see you in 24 hours and I'm so
excited it's like Santa's coming except
Santa took my money
All Right see you play bar Oh God I'm
back it's been longer than 24 hours if
some people needed more time I'm so
excited
literally in my sleeping sure cuz bitch
I didn't even want to take a shower I
just wanted to open up my kid okay what
do we start with I kind of want to start
with the coconut
we got yes there she is oh there's the
coconut oh my god Oh Oh where's my face
huh oh my god mmm Shane Dawson has a
wheel a tiny dick rock is my new Twitter
headline bit back that's a new man but
thank you sir business oh I love this
website
all right well connect fortunately right
there is my wife thank you for watching
Shane Dawson I hope his sad life makes
you feel a lot better about yours don't
forget to subscribe to Dan and Phil they
are so much better and way cuter
have a great day ah that's the new
ending to all my videos
I kind of want to see my book huh all
right here we go oh my god
wait can we zoom into that oh my god
first of all I love that I'm on top of a
building about to jump off accurate also
I love that I clearly have not showered
on greasy you can see paid in my eyes
this is a drama oh my god that's
actually really good
Wow thank you that's a best-seller why
would you both let's look at my cookies
mine oh oh my god wait liquid shame
bouncing smells like actual trash
yes that is so good and look at the
picture of me like yes I know
fuck wow that looks legit Bob we zoom
into the bottle that literally looks
like a real bottle perfume and if I have
herping it really would smell like trash
maybe I should come up with a perfume
line like I know like pop sockets or the
thing but what about liquid ad let's go
to the girl who port talked about Oliver
what hey she's wearing green for me this
is going to dark oh my god it's laid out
on the ground oh my god I don't know I
think I watched this it does mean I mean
I hate her oh my god my morning review
you have a guru just wash my hair with
the Brito real quick oh oh
with that look at the contrast oh she's
really get it in there Oh children I'm
just a sensible uni outfit business
casual wait with that oh my oh my god is
not a bad person
oh no oh my god oh no oh my god oh no oh
no video what was her name again we need
to give her the right amount of prop
reading a Thursday Lane Thursday Lane is
your queen that was incredible you're my
taco Queen Wow I
her woman I'm giving her 100 authors she
deserves it correct
y'all shame what up are you bored is
well there is no hair wet kochiya here's
the West Coast scene from Jenny Craig to
YouTube but it's still no matter I have
a stern level above a top buyer every
day that subscribers get higher you can
single can you rap like this what's the
deal with the jokes about having a bitch
wait I don't want to know so let's not
go there now I'm wondering did but shake
I don't know why but I'll give a shit I
see a mom oh she's like the Bangladeshis
with the white pants ain't a friend
always make me laugh so here I got a
width of the pants like my late grandma
don't you were to do from dolphins
drinking your to do for the cup of the
candidate at MIT the yah Oprah's reps it
and make you yawn a doze off don't even
go talk oh my god oh that was rapper man
incredible copies are so good today
let's see The Simpsons join oh I'm dead
oh my god oh my god that is everything I
am going to blow that up and put that in
my living room I wish I'm gonna drive
her wow that is crazy I love that so
much oh my god the cheeto and you know
they're not fighting it's not accurate
but I thought that a boy loved it so
much that was Maria or Marie art thank
you well while we're looking at drawings
let's look at the children's
illustration book oh my god the glass is
accurate oh my God look how fucking
cheetah is to be eating my inside the
screen pillow in the last oh my god that
is everything that has been printed and
blown up in my house although I don't
want to get cheeto ideas let's watch the
class of kids you are we like Dan and
big man we never watch we have action
dosa
fuck ah I love who much was that guys
commercially made for my book all right
I gave him a script and he was like I
don't want people to think I'm being
mean and I was like no girl I wanted to
tag me let's watch wow this guy's life
it's way worse than mine oh hi my name
is John I just started reading Shane
Dawson's book it gets worse if you want
to pick me up or something to make you
feel better about your life then this is
for you
she's stories are incredibly depressing
and really disturbing some of them even
makes a question whether or not you
should be mentally evaluated consider
enhanced numerous serial killer
tendencies
I mean seriously I don't think it's okay
why it gets worse because Shane really
needs the money he wears the same shirt
every day it's starting to get that oh
my god I wish I could fucking pay this
about on TV that's really good thank you
what did knitting an island Thank You
Ivan let's see this green one hello
Shane what's your favorite scary movie
actually never mind what's your favorite
scary memory from childhood I feel like
you had a lot of those that was at the
time you shit your pants in class but no
one noticed because you always smelled
like shit Lorne was at the time you went
to the doctor and they thought you had a
tumor on your vagina but it was actually
just your penis Wow
your life sucked I'm gonna let you live
or goodbye
oh my god I'm going to listen to that a
lot
honey this green guy dragged knees
dragging me without even killing me okay
last time at least we have to thumb and
Tony a rope for Ryland if you know hold
my mouse have to wait for Lincoln
Tolliver now guess what Wow take a seat
all right sit down you're very crazy hi
Shannon Riley and the San Antonio marque
thank you so much for having me do a
song for both of you I hope you like it
it's a good play no it's a queen right
and never caring what people think
everything she sure never can sing
blond hair blue eyes you know salvation
wants a piece of you
Jimmy would you mister steal yo girl put
on a wig then your mister steal yo girl
we reject it above here on your channel
Oriana in my Oh want to become her oh oh
that is like your news and you saw Mike
on my new youtube intro we love you girl
um I think I want to make a music video
for my song and for violence um I
officially am going to do that so later
on this week expect a music video why
are you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
all of my weird fiber orders I fucking
love this once again not sponsored but
this is my favorite thing ever and if
you guys want me to keep doing these
give me a thumbs up so I know I'll so
let me go down the comments what I
should be ordering next and alternate
Karis decided my channel right down
below these a notification belt if
they're making videos every single day I
think you want to be my last fiber video
I will link in the description as you
guys as you talk
Oh
ah
Oh
