hey what's up you guys okay it wouldn't
be honest I have no idea what the fuck
I'm doing I have no ideas for this video
I have nobody to collab with right now I
have nothing written down so this video
is just gonna be me talking to you guys
about I don't fucking know yet a while
ago I wrote down some notes in my
notepad on my phone and I don't know
what they mean well I wrote them down so
maybe we today we could just go through
them and see what I was trying to think
of this one says toilet paper candles
and matches so I'm assuming I was
looking to have a romantic night and
then take a massive shit hmm sounds real
romantic this note says oh my god I look
like a rageface self-discovery oh I
found this note is called things I can't
stand parents who kiss their children on
the mouth long Yelp reviews subway
chicken that is white and old ladies who
get pregnant all of those things I still
can't stand
whenever I'm like in a mall or something
and I see like a little kid and the
parent so cute warms my heart makes me
really regret my job and how I have no
relationship with my father and then I
see that same father kiss his daughter
on the mouth and it literally makes
everything inside of me go if I had like
a fucking harpoon or if I if I had a
huge flamethrower I would throw it at
them and make it go away
nothing grosser than being like oh oh
dad were you just eating an Altoid I
mean that's fucking disgusting I mean
listen my mom's a good kisser okay a lot
of tongue a lot of teeth doesn't mean I
want it and yes subway chicken is white
I'm just letting you guys to know that
every time you go into subway they can
have a chicken sandwich it's not chicken
chicken is not white after it's cooked
you know it's white after it's cooked
styrofoam that's probably what it is
some ways honestly the grossest place
looks like the grossest place I can't
even go into his subway it makes me
physically nauseous to even think about
getting a sandwich made by some high
school student who's not wearing gloves
who
they just like pierced her own belly
button in the back room and was a
customer here and then ran out and
fucking like wipe the blood off got that
white chicken put it on that old s bread
slap some tomatoes on it put the thing
on and said eat fresh I would rather eat
a Chipotle and that's diarrhea in a bowl
I just farted can you smell it this is
obviously something I wrote down during
a funeral and I passed it to a loved one
just to make sure that we were on the
same page this one says oh my god
McLovin is behind you this is from when
I was at El Torito and my mom and me
we're sitting there and I saw and
McLovin from Superbad sitting behind her
and they freaked the fuck out and I was
trying to sign language engine I'm like
what is behind you things I'm loving my
butt too then I pulled up a picture of
him and showed it to her and she went
what is that
Oh mom I hate the sound of people eating
chips just wrote that to myself oh this
is a note of things I should not forget
when I'm going out of town clothes
underwear socks TV show what don't
forget to download I'm like a bird by
Nelly Furtado you know when you're just
in the car and a song pops up on the
radio and you're with your friend you're
like this look is lame to forget to
download it later I tend to do that a
lot I also have down the reason by
Hoobastank let's pretend like that
didn't happen
click Massacre no comment who wants to
get retarded I do
once again no comment this says shit I
hate people who try your food and then
act like they don't like it that is true
when I get something in a restaurant and
I'm all excited about it and then the
person beside me is like let me tell you
that and they think a big fucking
handful of it then they put in their
mouth them to go oh oh god no I don't
like that oh no I don't like that one
did
you just fucking stole a big-ass fight
for me at least pretend you like it so I
don't feel like you just wasted it the
motherfuckers got no respect and last
but not least grandma used to wipe my
butt let's figure out why I know this
probably just sounds like oh she was
wiping a baby's butt that makes sense
I was 13 let's figure out why maybe I
couldn't reach maybe she was just better
at wiping than I was or maybe I had
severe mental and emotional problems as
a child that carried with me through my
teen years and ended up with my
grandmother tickling my anus with her
press-on nails I'm gonna add a note that
I should go to therapy because those are
off my my phone notes this video was
weird question of the day go into your
iPhone notes and find a random one and
leave it down there in the comments I'm
curious to see if you guys have anything
has for fucking random is this right you
guys up yep my name with me I'm funny
with you and I'll see you tomorrow
PS make sure to subscribe and if it is
every single day and I promise they're
not all as stupid as this one they're
stupider ideas love you I'll see you
tomorrow
Miley Cyrus's me looks exactly like Seth
Rogen
