rom.com or we talk about everything
that's blowing up on the internet you
know the Internet is a scary place full
of weird tumblr blogs you didn't mean to
click on in dog bodies with Tyler
Oakley's face but we may have just
discovered the most frightening thing of
all messaging and video chatting
websites can be scary on their own
because there are obviously a lot of
dick pics you did not ask to see but
this chat takes things to a whole new
level like a new level of Mario Kart but
without Mario or karts and it's
life-threatening look up in the window
David great I can't wait either of this
piece is claiming that they found it on
a public forum though many readers are
doubting its validity probably because
they don't want to believe it sense it's
terrifying
the threat of scaring someone's skin and
wearing it like a coat is not even
particularly new but it's still sort of
freaky in the way I would imagine if
you've been threatened by a serial
killer multiple times throughout your
life it is likely going to be just as
scary
every time I know we've been talking
about some kind of bone chilling stuff
so to lighten the mood I'm going to show
you a video of me attempting to twerk
haha trick do it's just as scary a small
parrot looking dog attacked a small
human looking child and the long story
short there's a new superhero in town
but uh no no no no no no um I don't know
any superhero theme songs was that even
a song or was it just a collection of
guttural noises caveman style security
cameras rolling as dog grabbed boy and
cat came to the rescue
that's right cat watch closely that
black flash on the right side of the
frame is Jeremy's kitty cat Tara strikes
or whoa man it is hard to tell from that
far away oh why was that exhausting
being a cat is hard now I know where
they sleep all day
give me some photos proving that Miley
Cyrus's me looks exactly like Seth Rogen
in honor of this I thought I'd play a
game by myself to help determine what
other celebrity body parts look like who
knows we may just find some Illuminati
members okay that looks like an
old-fashioned washboard a moist reverse
cookie cooling rack tiny pieces of
cornbread Zac Efron's hand oh it's
because it is six feet on YouTube
superwoman revealed exactly what emojis
means I initiated this conversation I
don't care about cucumber salad no I
just want to say that's what she said
the winky face tongue sticking out emoji
I want you to think I'm a really fun
person and I'm totally wild I cannot be
like there's still other emojis hundreds
of other emojis that just don't have
definitions yet so I'm gonna help you
out and define them I don't have
anything to say I do I don't have
anything to add to this conversation I
have nothing to say so I'm gonna put a
bunch of cute emojis board with you on
board with you I'm so bored
you know what just call me thank you for
watching this frightening episode of
rom-com hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and while you're
down there head on over to youtube.com
slash Alexis g.soul to check out my
latest video here is a tiny tiny preview
chances are somebody doesn't like you
check it out like you would an
attractive human being you can also
follow me on Twitter and Instagram with
the links below
I post behind the scenes of bomb calm
and question of the day what is your
favorite emoji let me know in the
comments dogging
