hey guys what's up and welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Destry and
I only sometimes look at midget porn
this is what the fuck news are we
talking about the news that you might
have missed in the last week and the
first story I wanted to talk about was
that Nintendo just released a 30 second
teaser trailer of the next games in the
Pokemon franchise which will be remakes
of the Game Boy Advance classics pokemon
ruby and sapphire renamed pokemon omega
ruby and alpha sapphire
as a huge fan of the games and
especially of the original Ruby and
Sapphire I am like turn in my pants
excited about these games but really
with the names like really Pokemon Omega
Ruby and alpha sapphire what fuck is
that announced nets in the Pokemon
franchise is Pokemon mega platinum
magenta and its counterpart Pokemon
crazy to saturated maroon or my favorite
Pokemon Whoopi Goldberg's gums purple
but as for now I'm really excited for
these games to come out which are set to
come out in November 2014 for the 3ds
and one with the fuck news after bryan
cranston best known for his role as the
meth cooking heisenberg from Breaking
Bad has proven yet again that he is the
nicest meth cook to ever live that's not
entirely true my stepdad he's also
pretty cool family winning actor made
headlines recently when he helped a
young Breaking Bad fan
Stefan Montana ask a girl out to the
junior prom using his Heisenberg voice
to scare the nipples off the girl to say
yes Maddie if you don't go to the prom
with Stefan and maybe your best course
of action would be to tread lightly
Maddie would you go to prom with me
other than the obvious fact that the
girl said yes Cranston decided he was
not being nice enough and decided to fly
them to New York paying for their food
their hotel their flight and even giving
them tickets to his Broadway show of all
the way Stefon goes on to say he really
is the nicest guy in the world it really
is true he's not a celebrity he's a dude
he didn't have to help me out but it was
pretty amazing it's a miraculous news a
baby somehow survived an 11-story fall
in a housing project in Minneapolis
apparently the baby pulled a Senator
Kelly from x-men and slipped through the
railing of his family's balcony as his
dad stepped away to get something from
the other room father of the Year award
uh not going to this guy this year
missed it by that much
so poorly the dad had no idea that the
kids slipped through the bars and it was
actually his three-year-old daughter who
opened up the sliding glass door
allowing the kid to fall the girl then
went to the dad and simply said daddy
the baby phone kilowatt like the couch
or the counter now the building ah
apparently the kid 15 month old lucid
Dave who sounds like an awesome warlock
suffered only a concussion and several
broken bones but is said to make a full
recovery
dr. Gina
flusher who looked after the kids says
if you and I fell that far we would be
dead no shit glad you were in medical
school for eight years to fucking tell
us that anyway she tributes to survival
and baby to the flexibility of babies as
well as the fact that he landed on soft
mulch rather than you know hard concrete
so there's actually been a lot of school
sex scandals in the news lately
including the Oklahoma teacher who gave
in 98 percent to a flunking student
after he had sex with her multiple times
you know the fantasy that all boys have
where it's like the teacher isn't there
any extra credit you can give me so I
don't flunk I'm sure we can work
something out yeah that actually
happened to that kid but for the sake of
the what the fuck in what the fuck news
I am actually going to point out that
story with the South Carolina teacher
who reportedly had sex with three
students in one day Wow 29 year old
Ellen Nemeth Miam Miam ik Miam faces
three sexual battery charges for having
sex with two underage boys and the third
being a teen how long you can someone
fucking be the attorney for the students
says the inappropriate behavior began in
the classroom with dirty talk and sexy
photos of the teacher which is pretty
much just one of those high-five moments
to all of your best friends when you
have nude pictures of your teacher Hey
Dude check out miss Nia mixed boobies
nice right so the sex reportedly
happened at the school as well some in
her car and some at various house
parties that one of the students would
throw where the teacher had sex with the
three different boys I don't know what
kind of magic juice is in her vagina but
Jesus can you stop the teachers been
jailed and is not allowed to go near the
boys or the school when she gets out the
students are now receiving counseling
which is probably going something like
this okay Jimmy I just want you to tell
me what are you feeling right now
how do you feel towards this whole
incident yeah no no Jimmy not yeah not
yeah okay uh could you just tell me you
know what happened what happened from
the beginning okay um hey is it okay to
have a boner right now get out finally
in some movie news director Zack Snyder
tweeted a picture of Ben Affleck as The
Dark Knight in a Man of Steel sequel set
to come out in 2016 I thought if people
really didn't know to feel about Ben
Affleck as the new Batman especially
because of his hilariously bad portrayal
of daredevil but that movie sucked but
since the photo more people seem to
appreciate the casting choice seeing as
how he kind of looks like a
like this guy looks like he could break
my clavicle with his tongue and since
the beginning of Batman movies every
time a new person is casted as Batman
the fans are always like ah Christian
Bale I hate that guy
and then several years later they're
like he's my favorite Batman I have
always loved him I never doubted him for
one second nope so I guess we'll see how
that goes especially with the weirdest
casting choice ever as zombie lands
Jesse Eisenberg as the villain Lex
Luthor so I guess cross your fingers
that this movie does not end up like
fucking Batman and Robin worst movie
ever
what tilt the dinosaurs yeah anyways I
hope you enjoyed this episode of what
the fuck news and now one of the
question of the day what do you
personally think of Ben Affleck as the
new Batman or Jesse Eisenberg as Lex
Luthor is it a good match will it suck
do you even care do you even know what
I'm talking about right now do you even
know who I am let me know in the
comments down below I'd love to see what
you think about all of that shit anyways
all today's stories can be found in the
description as well as all of my links
every time I do that I feel my boobs for
some reason I don't know why all of my
links are in the description find them
there also before you guys go make sure
to check out my channel at youtube.com
slash Captain Estes to see more of me I
will see you next week for another what
the fuck news and Fairwinds
