Farrah Abraham is deep best-selling
writer to be fair nobody buys books
anymore no it was she meant was that she
sold it at the Times Square yeah the
street corner selling she's like it's a
seller on times like ah I mean New York
New York I'm in Times Square
hey what if you guys I don't know about
you but I would love to go death would
you you would great you clicked on the
right video because we're about to play
that karaoke challenge oh it's gonna be
loud all right here we go what song
should we sing I'm feeling like right
now like I feel like I need a Katy Perry
Jam you know I feel like it'll warm me
up unconditionally
yes alright here we go unconditionally
perfect to get to my emotional place
John Mayer just left me he gave me a
disease so many diseases Russell Brand
don't even started can't even close my
legs oh I know I don't want her no how
do I get rid of her I don't want her
wait what who was that if I'm
challenging her I already won vocals no
I don't want vocals yes my hard bitch
just brunch here we go
oh no did I get too close
oh did I almost see fuck okay we can
rehearse shit inside that was good oh
you're in secured maybe I should have
that bitch singing background you know
just like help me out maybe you never
made me blink one time unconditional
maybe I'm just not meant for this type
of song maybe I'm more into like I
already feel you know one more coming
done I prove myself I'm gonna prove
myself no more let me just say that the
fact that that got a bunch of stars
means that this game is not good okay
Britney Spears how they have all of them
all the hits all the jams
I'll piece of me every time hold it
against me oh three yeah that that's the
jam this song is about sex with multiple
people or if you're Britney just sex
with Britney because it's very multiple
personalities
oh you with me money agree then I've
gotten between can one two three be fun
that we can know with 3p everybody loves
food yeah it was a dancing challenge
coward getting so many stars right now
so many stars so this body roll body
broke up huh goodnight took the model
plane if it come back what do you say
I'm doing it right fuck y'all just
unplug she's a twister on the floor
alright let's just get to the chorus
come on Brittany oh yeah I'll turn one
two three
you and me my dreams and I'm Kalima
three yes oh so close I'm done I think I
proved myself on that one all right one
more okay I'm gonna do a lot of del rey
song I'm gonna be honest I have never
heard any of these songs so this is
going to be very hard so I'm just going
to try to guess I hope it's like dubstep
Oh
oh this is that
I'm happy about us here we go summertime
sadness just let you know
not even one star right on tonight
dancing in dark hair like the mayor up
real big you clean there ha ha ha feel
it in the air telephone wires above are
sizzling like a snare cross keep
everyone apart PES scares me anymore
quiet one sock
what's up boom done and I'm out mmm
sorry Lana Del Rey fans I'll try to
listen to a song and well I'll never
sing it again because that was really
terrible
hey guys god help us me playing karaoke
party leave me some comments let me know
what game you want me to play next also
if I do karaoke again what song should I
sing next what song should I conquer or
what song should I really
and you guys have yep my name with me
have any of you nothing come on hi what
is that you want us to do Danny
oh that's mommy good
I think it's mommy I think she has
leggings on oh yes mommy
