do you know what everybody here at this
table does know he said they're all
injection molder z-- and homemakers a
plastic surgeon it's that time again
time for us to contemplate why we're
really together I do that every day oh
and also it's prom yeah so today we're
gonna be doing the who had the worst
prom ever challenge I was talking to be
much of a challenge because I had the
worst prom ever no I had a pretty bad
prom well we'll see so what we're gonna
do is I'm gonna start with a terrible
thing happened to me a prom and that
she's gonna go back for bank for
back-forth and whoever runs out of
terrible things had a better problem
alright okay ready yeah my date was a
lesbian I had to pay for everything
my dates dad wanted me to go with my
date because he didn't want her to be a
lesbian my date only went with me
because I was the last girl standing my
date wanted to wear suit I were really
ugly yellow dress I had to wear my dad's
old suit that he wore at a funeral
because I was too fat to find a new suit
I was also just too fat in general the
day before prom I hit a skunk with my
car and the smell was still there and
the guy at the carplay said he couldn't
get it taken out so we had to take it I
was car sick the whole ride there to the
point where they had to pull over and
I'd make sure I wasn't good about it we
went to islands awesome no it was not
Islands is not awesome Islands is
terrible we went to a hotel afterwards
and my date went into another girl's
room all night we went to islands and
one of my friends got her period on her
white dress and I had to spill soda on
her to you know distract but then the
soda actually saw on my crotch I know if
I got peed in my pants in my hotel room
I was also sharing the room with another
couple so I laid a load in my bed while
the couple next to me
a drunk teacher hit on me I wish a drunk
teacher would have hit on me no one hit
on me we were all excited because we
thought our prom was at Disneyland but
it wasn't at Disneyland it was at the
like holiday in next door to Disneyland
that's pretty bad it was really bad oh
no oh no we took way too many pictures
so we can never forget that it happened
none of our parents wanted to take
pictures I could go for days oh I think
you might have beat me I went to
Supercuts to get my hair cut beforehand
and she accidentally shaved a chunk in
the back off I didn't poop my pants but
I definitely had a turd licking my
shorts yeah you always have a third like
a new shirt
that's true at one point my boob fell
out of my dress meet you any we do and I
definitely threw up not because I was
drunk or anything but because the smell
in that Holiday Inn mixed with all of
those mini cupcakes I had it was a
deadly combo your life is real yeah prom
where you guys go i won I had the worst
problem every question of the day how
was your prom and if you haven't gone to
prom yet don't go also who do you want
to go with let me know down in the
comments maybe it's me don't go with me
it does not go well alright you guys
have been fighting with us been fighting
with you make sure to subscribe also
make sure to go in for de lisa's channel
to check out her prom challenge video
that we did where we hung prom songs and
I might have thrown up again guys I love
you Leah husband do you know zu mom
and I'm also humping that Donald Duck a
lot of things are happening a lot of
things are happening oh my god oh this
is kind of Oh God Oh God okay okay
actually you know what I'm into it I'm
into it okay never mind no no actually
why not why not why not
