hey what's up you guys okay quick thing
before this vlog starts I just want to
let you guys know that there is a brand
new episode of my podcast up right now
with special guest Laurie from shark
tank
my favorite shark I kind of fangirl kind
of freaked out and I might have asked
her to have sex with me a lot so check
it out I'll see you guys in a second
okay I know okay it's supposed to be out
of focus in the background of my videos
not actually actually everything's full
of fun insta everything from instep
first of all it has been a year since I
saw this last time and I vlogged about
it why the fuck am I still not here
who that fuck is that who the fuck is
that who the fuck is that fuck is that
me hey you yeah me big house Anthony
from Smosh and I thought that was I'm so
confused she's that who wait who's that
who the fuck is that that's my dad
wait what makes you feel better he lives
with me I'm only on the wall one place
where I don't know but it's usually
covered by his computer right down there
I mean who do you think like way the
fuck down there I mean who the fuck is
that guy that you're giving a handy huh
who's that guy that your invisible ether
who's this bitch you know that's
anything Willy I know her heads not
shaped so that's not okay with their
mustaches and their their beards pun
intended
who are all these people ever where am i
you know it's there's not enough room
for you first of all hashtag Shoei has
is the biggest thing that's ever
happened to you in me and you and bitten
well no Ryan in my closet about reelers
pictures of you me really yeah oh my god
which ones you know our private ones oh
my god really
yeah I don't fucking believe you what
you lying to me no please you're lying
to me why are we private why are you
keeping his private you show your
fucking yoghurt but you don't show me
you show you in a gun a weapon okay this
was oh you reading a book which is a lie
you don't read there's a fucking cat
he's got a pussy in the bottom right you
pussy up here you don't have me give
some bitch whose pass cut off of the
page you have all these naked
relationship is healthy you're very
jealous as I should be you have then
here's a picture of you where am I or
those flowers for something else wait
where do I look you're lonely under the
rain waiting for me obvi and you're not
I'm not there where am I obviously would
have come
you're wishing that I was there but I'm
not there you're wishing I pop out of
that pokeball but I'm not okay okay and
look at you just waiting to give me
flowers not go flowers Naoko it's like
it's something I like that I'm gonna
give you fucking knuckle flowers for not
putting me up here you need to go see
someone with your issues because I can't
take this anymore who the fuck is Kiran
oh no that's mine I'm not sure why she
wrote it there shame on you Darrin I was
here obviously these are my colors I
come rainbows
you know you can I can give you a marker
sign what I can give you a fucking honor
they left to get oh so true hey guys we
are here filming a little collab video
we're gonna lay on that dog bed and do
something weird ooh little change of
atmosphere listen I'm a genius
you should put me up on your board it
will give you inspiration anyways uh
we're here you know just looking at all
this shit on your you guys are very
messy I am never here this is Sawyer's
mess where are you Oh in your fucking
your shrine of you and your other
friends your other boyfriend's your
other girlfriends your other whatever
you have all your imaginary friends
anyways we're about the phone video are
you excited no oh great let's do it oh
I'm freeze frames you have to freeze
frame yeah I can see your midriff look
that you left with juice yeah oh my god
you won't touch it I'm good this is what
happens when you hang out with an Eskimo
thank you below job oh no it fell off
wait the facial hair it's still there
yeah what are you getting rid of it no
never never
why not I don't know a miss the old Joey
that would like dress up like Japanese
people and like I don't think I ever did
that yes you did
oh and I would cause what why do you
call it cosplay
that's sexual but yes the old Joey who
used to cosplay who used to dress up
like an Asian person and who used to
like hanging out with me I so hang out
with you you're just thing I understand
busy that's true I'm a pretty busy veg
people are feeling neglected
okay he's filming I'm vlogging you while
you're vlogging well you're like phase
is completely blown out it's been and
then I'm vlogging us while we're
vlogging and
also humping that Donald Duck a lot of
things are happening a lot of things are
happening oh my god oh this is kind of
oh god oh god okay okay actually know
what I'm into it I'm into it okay never
mind open it actually why not why not
why not stop looking at me I'm so sexual
today it's being in this apartment what
is our life turned into I'm just giving
you what you've been waiting for and you
stop on that one part two will be over
here part two
oh god are you guys okay I hope not I go
away for like a couple months and I come
back and you're drug addict I understand
I turned it I turned to you know other
people and you turn to drugs Eli's oh
sorry I mean I turned to food at food
that's what I turned to I turn to food
anyways we're back guys question of the
day
what's your favorite drug I'm kidding a
question of the day are you mad that I'm
not up here no don't worry what picture
of us do you think should be up here
I think our first kiss should be up here
oh my god we should take a picture oh
now you want to go up there yeah that's
a no face
so guys if I know that we've any of you
I'll see you tomorrow maybe all the
other like your favor good oh did I do
that right fuck you bitch it's so wet
pain uh two things true one's a lie
I play banjo I hate dogs I've never had
anal girl this will mess hi I'm Tricia a
banjo I hate that never done anal
actually Matt haha
