hashtag train to hello hamburger Roberta
prepare pepper gosh hey guys yes I'm
here with Trisha I put the TR and train
I put the ain't in it I'm I ain't in it
big ol aid hey today we're gonna be
playing two truths one life you know
what this is never like this it's
basically your life no I read a book on
my life history man sanity to Chism eyes
is it I will say something two things
are going to be true and one is a lie
you have to guess which one I'm lying
about example I'm black I'm dating Lisa
and I have sex with my dog
one of them's alive which one is it I'm
black no I get it I get it okay we're
just a club okay okay let's be honest
pretend like we're at like Domino's
Pizza oh oh and redtube PETA you see a
guy you walk him to him and these I tell
me something out yourself oh that two
things true one's a lie I play banjo I
hate dogs I've never had anal girl this
will mess
hi I'm Tricia a banjo I hate that never
done anal that'd actually mess at home
you know what I like okay just by
knowing you I would think you were an
anal Queen your butt has a crown on it
and then when guys come over your pots
like hail to the Queen and then they do
what that thing would they go like that
no 19 me not you stick it in me lick it
or eat it but I don't stick it people
eat this oh my god what that's the thing
ah
yes you always want to do it I think
it's called like tossing a salad tossing
their salad or but it is not a salad my
stuff away I mean that's I say you ever
done anal easy that way you're right not
sodomy it's between God and me right
it's like sad me it's between God and me
yesin and that's yang my getting but
yeah they're servicing rent no HIV they
share a bit kiss yeah sounds like my
life yeah okay for me let's be at cake
shop I don't know what you're gonna do
with those kids later you're into it
hey yo what up got a cake for you oh
yeah but you do go haha tell me
something about yourself I can do that
and do that well I like candy okay
that's so many bad things okay okay
sorry I like candy I'm drinking my own
pee before and um I've had sex to the
pool wow this is actually kind of tough
I know you love candy because you just
went ham on some candy like even care of
Andy into it so that one is a treat now
this is hard I mean sex with the pool
and drink your own piss Miska say the
false one is probably doing your own
feet you're wrong what when you drink
your own pee then o we do concise
shanedawsontv tune my drinking my own
piss you're lying
oh and it's flagged it's real the 18
years are we're gonna watch it it's real
it's why I wanna be private I was like
oh I want to be friends even even don't
eat you're at this yeah are you kidding
my piss is so good you're a lawyer
walking like right now
diamonds no it's really good that's a
myth that's is so gross Isis oh well you
talk about piss and poop it I just can't
and then you drink it you who know
that's bad
you're full of shit I know you take care
of me I know I am full of it I need to
poop but what was the lie I tried having
sex with my pool when I was like 12 but
surprisingly it didn't fit in home this
is TV yeah no yeah it's small ones being
honest interesting all right one more
round where are we okay we are in
I don't know it could be a good place
like we are in nonsense it's your good
place like a Chanel store is Saks Fifth
Avenue okay - totally the phone ill so
and she lose the right there I know what
sort of shape them some very thick like
Birkin anime is before that what we
talked about barking honking I didn't
vote for an America a little bit of a
third you lose the topic right there
tonight it's a lot getter
Queen Latifah we're gonna we're we're in
a sex to that venue or perhaps Playboy
Mansion
okay why not Corey Feldman will be a
liqueur development today more
development every day gotta watch his
video okay so I'm not playing Craig
Feldman anymore oh I'm half right now
you can hear stroke which is probably
like yeah that's yaki girl shellfish on
the bag yo yo oh stop I'm Yours Oh baby
oh ha okay let me tell you
oh my god okay I was on the very first
episode of my strange addiction ever I
graduated valedictorian of my house
class and I fantasize about having sex
with dead people hmm that's hard you
look at your expertise yellow I'm gonna
say that you did not go to college I
said I was bad when my graduating
college class not even bet I went to
college I don't believe it you even went
to college I was with auditory in a very
graduating college class okay so I don't
believe that one day right yeah yeah I'm
really good that's well yours are really
easy it's like I'm an astronaut um I
like chocolate and I like flies okay all
right I my graduating class is nothing
like that Parma stretch over having sex
with dead people but it's you I have to
have a good grand finale one so where
are we for yours
Chuckie Cheese okay Dave and Buster's
yeah it's like a little more upscale and
a little more age-appropriate
fucking it's like me
me and Luke go pick up chasing today
okay so where I took a cheese I mean
we're at the ambassador's we're playing
games
Oh keep also fun mmm I love it okay tell
me something about yourself just
juggling your boobs it's a clue
so okay girl okay I've waxed my balls
I've eaten at my dog's pussy that's alot
easier and one time I filmed my brother
pooping on camera I mean that looks so
easy like clearly and you come drew got
brother pooping on camera what was for
Jonathan I wax my balls
avi although you are pretty hairy so
that would be painful I'm sure your boss
Gary
Oh got that bad no I'm hearing from like
waist up really so maybe that might be
the myth then if you don't have
Hannibal's but I want to say honestly I
don't think if he's your pussy because
damn periods and I can't meet your dog
when it oh because if my dog wasn't on
her period then it's okay always at your
period that gave way dog is not always
she does not have a period yeah you're
dumb like your mom's dogs but you could
eat their pussy because it's not related
it's not your daughter like horny
I have never waxed my balls euros that
you work such a liar
I haven't okay what no but that means
you can eat your dog okay it was an
accident
so your dick oh my god you are like the
most disgusting person ever like
literally no I know it was an accident
and I was licking her I was blowing
little bit on her stomach or whatever
and then she jumped up and kicked and
then her whole vagina was in my mouth
and Lisa started screaming and I started
screaming and Courtney was like you're
good at that I'm such a liar that should
be the name of your book about like I
hate my dog's pussy the same doesn't it
seriously so it's a lifetime hell it
does go that was are really fucking
weird video if you wanted to sleep even
fucking weirder go to her channel where
we did reenactments of the movie smiling
MA and we also did reenactments of other
movies and then we did something else I
don't remember her but it was really
weird
we're in acting some no movies that we
just made up in our heads it got weird
hashtag it gets weird it'll Drive check
out the video I'll leave a comment
telling us one thing true about you and
one thing that's a lie and I'll go in
the comments and try to guess well it's
hard to guess for me username you can
tell a lot from like chicken peanuts 97
she's definitely an underdog seven-card
years of F&A that's a video see you
tomorrow bye oh hey guys it's a 2x2 12
here and today I'm going to be taking
you on a couch tour
