ah the super cast it out them she fuck
my bitch to me my girl you jump
ah hey what's up you guys yes I did my
hair this morning I woke up early my
early I mean noon now I'm getting ready
because me and Lise are gonna film some
fun videos and I really know we're gonna
do I'm sure it's gonna be really
inappropriate
so get ready and then later tonight I'm
excited because I'm actually gonna show
a rough cut of my movie to my friend
Ryan who is in the movie yeah I haven't
really shown the movie to that many
people so I'm excited to hear what he
says yeah nature I'm just kind of that
kind of guy you know I just really love
nature although sometimes like there's a
setting where it goes to your iPhoto and
I don't even know how to do that but
sometimes it automatically does it so
that when friends come over they'll be
like looking at the TV terrified and I
don't know why and then I look at the TV
and it's like picture of me shirtless
going like you know because I take a lot
of shirtless pictures to see how fat I
look if my iPhoto Everett attacked my
life is over
as we go we remember all the horrible
times we had in high school
uh hey what city guys yes we are filming
right now we're doing a prawn tag yeah
cuz it's prom yeah another time I bet at
this fog problem is probably way over
thank God thank God my comic prom
experience was terrible well mine was
more terrible well find out whose was
the most terrible and the challenge
we're about to do yes we're doing some
prom videos we're doing a lot of videos
today also Geoffrey's here he's back
chopper did you miss us Oh No look how
he's like disintegrating it's because
when you get nervous you come and you
pick on him it's so mean I know
well I replaced my balls with him okay
pick pick pick this is show you guys how
real these challenges get I just threw
up that's vomit
I feel bad laughing but I was honestly
what the fuck you seemed to hear it we
were walking to the bedroom to film a
video and I just threw up but like the
way you did it you were like ready it
was like slow like you virt na rin and
it fell out and as you turn the corner
towards enjoy it yeah you fucking look
is not funny it was hurting me when you
had your hands were you peepee and you
haven't watched yet and skinny means ID
why'd she cares
oh that shows flu hi guys it is the end
of the day I'm gonna start editing some
of these videos meet a lot of fun I love
making videos with her I know I said her
like that her but it's a lot of fun um
so before I go I just want to give you
guys just a quick really quick sneak
peek of the movie and I'm talking real
quick I'm gonna not play any sound
because I don't want to give anything
away and I'm just gonna show it to you
just so you could see like what it looks
like there it is look at that look at
that um hug bye black man story of my
life
so yes I'm so excited I'm so pumped so
you know as you guys know we have the
email list at Shane movie calm and so
many of you guys have signed up I think
we're almost a hundred thousand people
right now which is fucking crazy and
we've been sending out every week a lot
of sneak peeks and behind-the-scenes
pictures and blogs that are on YouTube
they're only you know on that email list
and you guys have been really enjoying
it so I'm excited and yeah so make sure
to go sign up Shane movie comm put your
email put your zip code so I know where
you live so if I go on tour on the word
go and yeah and also you know what
question of the day let me know down in
the comments what are some things you'd
like to see in the email list like do
you want to see more behind the scenes
pictures do you want more vlogs do you
want just like actual emails for me like
just talking to you guys like what do
you want let me know down the comments
so yeah PS if you haven't seen it yet
drew who is in the movie he's one of my
friends he's also a youtuber youtube.com
slash mine toke cold he made a whole
video to videos talking about his
experience in the movie he did a Q&A
handy revealed a lot of little secrets
so if you want to check that out I'll
put the link down there and yeah that's
it up you guys have funny with me I've
been with you I'm in a dog suit story of
my life guys obviously at work day cake
would be Oh twerp I think your buddy
there we go
boom you did it for me
did my late I didn't first
