the bomb calm we talk about everything
that's blowing up on the internet here's
the majority of teen girls have at some
point written in their diaries either in
regards to their crush at school or
their favorite magcon member is sparks
flew it's an angel depression that can
refer to intellectually clicking with a
potential romantic partner literal
flames or in this guy's case both
residents to stay inside are you do you
live around here yeah wow you're super
pretty only gonna date sometime I'm sure
someone on Jersey Shore once said you
can pick up a chick anywhere cluding the
site of somewhere work human lives are
endangered I guess to some people that
might be really attractive like an
action hero running away from explosion
in slow motion
Baywatch style or Tom Cruise style but
at all Tom Cruise turns out the movie
Spy Kids is actually real and this girl
has discovered the true power of an
ejector seat I'm assuming she made this
rather graceful exit after the guy next
door told her he was pregnant
hands-down the best way to break up with
someone I have ever seen first feed
presents a few totally legitimate
excuses for not going out tonight
also your friends will likely greet you
with the semi obligatory what's up and
then you'll feel the need to snarkily
reply gas prices and it'll be a whole
thing just get on youtube iron out our
second life member Ricky Dillon has
released his first original single the
song is called ordinary potentially in
reference to tweets that say can't wait
for summer summer music video contains a
lot of colors kind of like the birthing
scene in Twilight Breaking Dawn
well I think it is a great summer jam
well second best to strawberry but i'm
tish um it definitely makes me want to
dance awkwardly off to the side of a
crowd of people at a summer bash oh you
want me to you want me to take a picture
for you cool thank you for watching this
awkward episode rom-com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this episode
please be sure to give it a thumbs up
and head on over to youtube.com slash
Alexis she's all you check out my latest
video which has kind of something to do
with my going to the beach which was
really fun so be sure to check it out
also be sure to follow me on my social
media websites as I post on them
frequently and sometimes post behind the
scenes of bomb.com I will see you next
week with a brand new episode bomb.com
and until then it's all good and now she
change the question of the day Oh cramp
hey what's up you guys yes hope you
enjoyed that episode of bomb calm I know
I did you don't want to see what my hair
looks like under this baby it's not good
speaking of not good I don't know if you
guys heard about this but there is a
rumor that Ariana Grande is going out
with Justin Bieber
well my Twitter feed was blowing up this
weekend about it because I guess they
were spotted together in a recording
studio and he was wearing some kind of a
Pharrell top hat and she was wearing
some kind of a big top pony clipping
thing word on the street is that hat and
that top pony clipping thing fell on the
ground and those two hopped up on that
recording booth and made a lot of noises
so question of the day who should Justin
Bieber go out with next I feel like he
hasn't had as many relationships as
other pop stars like I feel like he
needs to be you know going through him
like he should go out with all the
members of emblem3 or fifth harmony with
someone with all Mexican girls whatever
he should go out with all of them not
ariana grande she's too sweet she can go
out with a chubby redhead guy what's his
name
Edward Sheeran fingers anyway so guys
had fun hang with me I hang with you I
will see you tomorrow with a brand new
video I don't see it creepers later
