hey what's up guys and welcome back to
another what the fuck news my name is
Dustin really the only thing you need to
know about me this week is my favorite
color is red like the blood of my
enemies that was really creepy if you
are familiar with the show this is a
show where we talk about the news that
you might have missed in the last week
so make sure you check out episode 1 if
you haven't seen that firstly in a bit
of fake news mother names her son saber
- Oh what just kidding that didn't
actually happen but in actual what the
fuck news a giant Atari gravesite was
found in New Mexico earlier this week
producers of a documentary we're looking
for millions of copies of et the
extra-terrestrial video game for Atari
which has been named to be worst game of
all time but this game was so bad that
Atari was just like wow this game sucks
let's just fucking bury it pretend like
none of this ever happened it was
reported that 728 thousand copies of et
the extra-terrestrial were buried
sometime in 1983 when the collapse of
Atari happened because this game was
that bad the game designer Howard
Warshaw says he doesn't mind that this
game was called the worst game of all
time saying it may be horrible but 32
years after here you are talking to me
about it it's a tremendous honor
well played Howard well played you can
probably just imagine how awesome his
job resume is now though what's this
here under special achievements actually
I created the worst game of all time et
for Atari
you're hired in some really weird what
the fuck news Burt's Bees lip balm is
being used in school to get high I'm not
making this up apparently the new fad
called Beason is the act of putting lip
balm on your eyelid what what I don't
get is how do you get peer pressured
into doing this pin and you want to get
high put this lip balm on your eyelid
like who would just be like okay and
totally what kind of crap do you have to
be on to think that this is a good idea
oh wait you're not on crap cuz you're on
fucking lip balm so kids just as a test
someone comes up to you and says hey you
want to put some strange shit here I say
fuck no don't you want to be cool man
everyone's doing it you all have
slightly irritated eyes yeah and now
parents are gonna be like worried to let
their kids near lip balm now they're
gonna be like if my child from the
influences of who went wide if he gets
addicted and some really weird what the
fuck news a group
were arrested for twerking outside of a
court Oregon 20 Eric or of Alec was
visited the court to pay a fine for a
warrant and I guess was so happy about
it that she just started twerking
immediately after just paid my court
bonds then a girl Leah cami awesome bat
whose name sounds more like a medieval
warrior than a 22 year old girl who is
filming the two other girls twerk was
also arrested with the other two girls
down the road from the court and before
you like what I can get arrested for
twerk the girls also expose themselves
heat in public on people's cars and
we're found in possession of pot cocaine
and meth in their car so there's also
that I'm actually kind of surprised I
didn't find any lip balm in that girl's
car either because this girl clearly
looks like she's Beason what that's not
cool to say OK in some super what the
fuck news a Georgia mother and her
girlfriend were arrested earlier this
week for using an extreme form of
punishment on her six-year-old son
apparently they put the kid in a tiny
dog cage poured syrup on him cat litter
and then made him hold a huge brick over
his head for an extended period of time
during the abuse the child was saying
please don't kill me and the screams
were heard by the neighbor who then
reported to the school and then Child
Services were called and sent to the
home but it just makes you wonder like
what kind of fucking shit has to be
going on in your mind to think that
that's okay to do to anyone let alone
your six-year-old son but it doesn't
matter what the kid did if he fucking
peed in my oatmeal and set fire to
everything that I ever loved I probably
still wouldn't do that to him as of now
the two women are being held in prison
for felony counts of Cruelty to Children
I'm just hoping that every meal that
they get in prison is fucking cat shit
with syrup on it on a plate that is
actually a brick mmm yummy eat up girls
gotta get your protein and lastly in a
bit of really exciting movie news of
Disney and lucasfilm's have recently
announced the cast of Star Wars Episode
7 I am so excited what's awesome is that
the original cast members of episodes 4
5 & 6 are returning to Episode 7
including Mark Hamill as Luke Carrie
Fisher as Leia and the awesome Harrison
Ford as Han Solo who plays a
quote/unquote huge role in the first
movie of the new trilogy to join the
legendary veteran cast our actors
including Adam driver rumored to be
the main villain of the story John
boyega domhnall gleeson max von sydow
Daisy Ridley and Lord of the Rings Andy
Serkis who played Gollum which is just
awesome
no rumors yet as to which characters
everyone's going to be playing but I
guess time will tell JJ Abrams director
of the new Star Wars trilogy as well as
Star Trek or as I like to call it lens
flare the movie says we are really
excited to finally share the cast of
Star Wars Episode 7 it's both thrilling
and surreal to watch the beloved
original cast and these brilliant new
performers come together to bring this
world to life once again we start
shooting in a couple of weeks and
everyone is doing their best to make the
fans proud as a fan I really hope they
do well with this and I just really hope
they make it better than the prequel
trilogy cuz holy shit
well guys that's it for this episode of
what the fuck news today's big question
of the day is what you think the next
fad is going to be with kids getting
high and my day it was snipping rubber
cement so what do you think that in the
future the next fad is going to be hey
man put this pencil ed in your pee hole
let me know in the comments down below
as well as your thoughts to any of the
stories I talked about today all the
links for those stories can be found in
the description as well as links to find
me on all of my social networking sites
before you guys go make sure to check
out my newest video on my channel where
I talk about
naming your son or daughter diarrhea
it's a great time also check out Shane's
new spoof of Avril Lavigne's Hello Kitty
which I talked about the last episode of
what the fuck news it's hilarious and
awesome as is everything Shane does so
make sure you watch that
but it's okay because we want you to
care ourselves well guys I guess I'll
see you next week for another what the
fuck news and Fairwinds
