have you guys yes you read that title
right I've lost my fucking mind
so recently I was online and I son ad
for a toy that was a pop-up movie
theater tent for kids it pissed me off
because we didn't have shit like that
announced kids if I wanted to make a
tent it was out of my mom's old bedsheet
that has blood on them but obviously I
can't just buy this because number one I
won't fit in it and number two I don't
have kids but what do I have that
annoying cost a lot of money and fucking
hates me my cat that's right I think you
make a movie theater or my job now will
like I give a fuck
no will might have even go in it only
their food book to the press
I don't mustn't make you a theater a
great glass so this journey started at
the toy store where I got way too
fucking excited bitch fuck me up side
another babies around make sure where
it's 200 degrees what is the so show me
after Kenny Starbucks
sorry am running out of YouTube ideas oh
my god here it is oh my god we want why
don't you test such cool fucking toys
you know what I have when I was a kid
tree branches and they weren't toys my
dad would tell me to go pick a tree
branch and then he would be beaten why
do all these animals look dead though
like there has been a massacre and that
one's just like fuck hey Feeny why do
you want to pick baby so you can take
care of it
oh why is that my body though alright so
here it is I have my popup movie theater
although the actual picture of that
these little girls was so bored that one
is judging Cinderella hard she's like
this don't try to watch cáñamo jawans
story time she fucked me was I to of the
brush and the other girls did a shit uh
here we take ash in the bald heads great
okay here's my plan I have this room and
in this room is just like a game table
chairs a picture of the outside to
remind myself that it exists but I don't
really want to go there oh and also
dried up diarrhea actual diarrhea I
don't know what animal that's from but
it's a lot it might also be mine so my
plan is to move all this crap out of
this room and we just turn this entire
room into a movie now I have a lot of
stuff I just showed you guys yet I don't
want to give it away I kind of want to
do like a theater tour but first we just
got to move this shit out you know I was
going to leave the rest of that shit
there like that's fine that looks like a
movie theater you know alright let's get
building I need to learn how about I
gotta blow this up
fuck you know what that means right if I
say it's inflatable means Osito is gonna
fuck pop it he's going to ruin my movie
theater experience
he's basically a Madea movie I'm getting
blow-dried media oh my god
literally what this smells like a
birthday party that somebody died up
this must like my birthday party so our
grandpa all right I think I've been to
inflate this alright we're going out to
the garage to get my inflator I like how
I was like I think I have something to
inflate this literally eighteen huge
inflatable toys yeah I don't know I
don't really have any experience with
inflatable do you remember that show
where that guy was in love with
inflatables and he like tried to fuck
one if there's a clip I'll put it here
they're soft they're cuddly the bigger
they are the better they are that means
there's more to love okay welcome to my
office
we have fire fireworks die group your
kids toys come from me police okay all
right where is the air hole the movie
series it was like right in Cinderella's
mouth she finally get a kiss to Prince
Charming no she kissed me and be like
okay I've had a frog but never a pig
remember that movie ratatouille and
unhappy that didn't come out when I was
a kid because I feel like my nickname
would be static doing
the way this is slowly growing literally
looks like my dick
nevermind that that's way too big okay I
fucking filled this thing up and like
what oh come on that would kill my cat
Thursday
oops you caught me in the middle of my
manly construction work blowing of your
princess castle yeah I don't know what's
going on it like feels like it's
constantly deflating literally my ego do
you think it's fine I mean I always kind
of survived an earthquake but will it
survive me quaking it right here is it Q
that's what I'm going to send you when
you piss me off
get the fuck out of my theater go you're
being a nuisance
you're mean Who am I like that mean
angry fat lady that works with a theater
who's like classrooms are for customers
yes Wow too real okay she's blown so now
that we have our foundation time to add
a highlighter so because I felt like a
princess being doesn't really go with
Cheetos vibe I've got this red fabric at
a fabric store oh my god by the way
people who are just fabric stores
fucking hate me
oh are you using this mega dress no I'm
making my cat a movie theater oh so you
like cat No then why are you making him
a movie theater boom
no I'm just kidding I love you though
you've turned the scratching door trying
to get away from me okay so let's put
this over the theater if you look that
looks more like a few oh wait I don't
hate this
most didn't think my mom when she had me
but no I wonder what my mom did say
though like when I split her doubt she
probably thought I was a poop she's like
ooh that big poops out oh god it's
breathing well I guess I'll keep feeding
it till aside all right we cover the
other
how this actually does not look that
that am I actually crazy oh my god you
actually look a bit it looks like it
organ Gino do you like to see in so far
terrified okay so obviously we need a
sitting area for you
so I decided instead of just like
putting some balls in there I would give
cheeto his very own fucking couch and
not just any normal couch bitch she
folds out into a bed
cowabunga so I don't know a Cheetos a
fan of ninja turtles but the only other
option was a fucking minion couch and uh
no we don't support those okay so let's
just put this inside of her theater so
the couch oh my god it's a perfect fit
oh my god oh I wish I was small
oh no this is not for you I mean well
come on
test it out test at daddy's big creepy
herpes movie theater the more I look at
it the more it looks like your dick okay
so I have a lot more to do I'm going to
spend the next hour or two really
transforming this area control movie
theater is going to be ridiculous
how are you going to for an hour ah you
don't even know what I'm going to do I
have a lot plan okay she goes kind of
Risha all right I'm going to go do an
extreme makeover sad cat lady edition
see you soon okay I'm so sweaty but I
think I'm done are you guys ready for
the big reveal
welcome to Cheetos theater
I know which ANC's shut it all right let
me give you to her so first over here we
have a bunch of movie posters that you
guys Photoshop cheeto into so I printed
them all out and I put them on these
cute little poster boards and I just had
myself a nice little crafting session
with Kesha yeah yeah yeah Oh Rafi fuck
you guy can do I'm singing doc gran will
raise my voice doctor though first we
have Mean Girls
starring cheeto and uno although I think
there should be reversed cheeto is
clearly the asshole also I feel like I
should be Gretchen weiners also over
here we have cheeto in Magic Mike that
is so disturbing Wow I want to fuck my
cat then over here we cheat oh and
Elizabeth liar movie ah once again I
want to fuck my cat this one is
horrifying cheeto in home alone Oh Mike
do you also do and oh but fucking you
then down here this one is everything
this is cheeto in pod that's like actual
art like that's incredible and look how
fat he is they really captured him and
oh my god she doin uno in Titanic ah
name a greater love story than this
literally anything and then last but not
least somebody made cheeto and not cool
and they also mated me Ricky Pig so she
would shout out to everybody on Twitter
who made these I'll put your names right
here beautiful
okay so then over here we have this
little claw game but instead of like
stuffed animals and you know like fun
prizes
I put dog food I don't know if dog food
is okay for cats to eat but G to eat
everything so it's not then over here we
have it this little tiny soda machine
which by the way was a fucking nightmare
to put together I already hate this name
that's what I would look like if I took
care of myself okay here's the
instruction na oh my god there's more
what the hell are these what's the
fucking good yeah no I had a better idea
you can die rope you're just like a
deity then behind the soda stand we have
an annoyed teenager employee I really
wanted to get like a bratty asshole for
this and then guess what I found a male
Bratz doll they sell those it's a fuckin
boy Bratz doll it's broke
he loves chips he loves oh my god is a
fucking joke bro kill yours now you know
what jewelry big anal be jewelry oh my
god the photo shoot on the back oh my
God look at his girlfriend Riya making
every skate trick look sick is my thing
you know what else is your thing me
literally melting you with the blowtorch
later and then right here I have this
little sign and it says meow playing I
hate myself the cheeto movie it's a
horror movie it's not him killing me my
sleep and I die yeah and then obviously
you guys have already seen the inside
Rylan could not find his iPad so I'm
just gonna put my phone in there and
then I made him some popcorn once again
I don't know if he's allowed to eat
popcorn but he's my shoes so I think
he'll be fine okay I think it's time for
the big reveal
we're about to show cheeto his new movie
theater I am preparing myself to be
disappointed by his reaction okay cheeto
are you ready for your movie theater
come on
oh my god wait he likes it he likes it
what you're gonna cross it do you like
it did you see the posters you literally
just care about the food why are you so
relatable
so look Tito you have to put the coin in
that's terrifying ready yeah is Miss fun
isn't it's a waste of money
oh wait you like it oh fuck it's broke
oh god I broke a okay people screaming
okay daddy broke it wait she'll come
back where'd you go no okay popcorn is
for the movie I really hope you don't
choke and die because this theater does
not have insurance come on we got to go
over here and get your soda hey welcome
to Cheetos theater with the fuck you
want oh just a normal sodas fine
yeah fuck off okay thanks to looking at
ourselves okay so I think you just like
that's so cute it's also what my pee
looks like right now I'm very dehydrated
cheeto look it's a little soda good
stop trying to scam the Machine over
here your soda your refreshment Cameron
made you a nice cold coke it's warm okay
thank you Cameron
we ran out of ice okay yeah I get a
Cameron I'm not refilling it yeah that's
fine Cameron I'm glad the lights go off
in this place when the movie starts I'd
like to be alone with my tears okay I
hope you get help Cameron Bucket cheeto
baby soda movie okay come on Tito let's
go watch the movie look so just go in
this creepy dark the dark big open wound
of a theatre come on go on the couch
it's really comfortable it's not too bad
is it you like it oh my god oh my god
you liked it
nevermind alright come on I'm gonna put
on your favorite movie homeward bound
you know the movie about the cat that
runs away from home has a great
adventure leaves its owner who's never
been happier let's just put this cheat
on the movie playing you know watch the
movie oh my god oh my god I mean he's
not really watching the movie he's more
just eating by a movie but it's not what
we all do it the theater oh my god this
is so cute Rylan come see what daddy
made oh my god I actually should take
away popper come on down to the theater
the movie start right now
the cute are you seeing him diet coke no
shame he didn't drink it did you see
Cameron back Cameron yeah I'm moving
here are you gonna leave me for Cameron
I get it other Cameron sucks
I bet he fucks in here no don't ruin it
your mummy here is leaving we I kind of
want to get in it oh Jesus oh oh my god
I kind of love it this is a nice place
to like think about your issues and just
come in here and read all my me not
reply except in a zine darkroom I love
the theater we come into mrs. make out
the theater you want me to get in there
with you oh this is so romantic
oh wow this is really nice it's so hot
in here
what should we watch Big Brother don't
get me started on this weather I have a
lot of thoughts um all in all I think
the theater is a success I think we're
just you know doing a Cheeto literally
just walking up the stairs
she told lots of a fucking weird how did
you Jenny who no you are not invited to
movie night oh we should let you know in
all right look lobby me why not with us
there's enough room I'm very smart okay
even he's like knives and I have your
fan that was me making a tiny theater
for my cat who could not give a fuck
hope you love to cheat out I actually
really enjoyed doing this and I hope you
guys enjoyed watching if you want me to
make more weird tiny places for my
animal give it a thumbs up so I know
also make sure to subscribe my channel
and the notifications I'll break down
below because I make new videos favors
okay and I will see you guys tomorrow
alright thanks for coming to cheetos
movie theater see you guys next time
well actually we won't be coming back
whoa this is pretty lit I fucking hate
you bye Cameron
