I am 30 and I'm wearing a choo-choo of
candy did I mention that I'm 30
Oh ah my mouth is hot my mom is so hot I
don't know if you all just saw this a me
and her just drink a bunch of hot sauce
on her Channel what's the dumbest thing
it's y'all is you're literally this go
dissin there he picked I don't own a
match also did he bring it why was it
just a club when cutting
I knew the video I was gonna do on my
channel today was the YouTube burn book
so I wanted us to feel hot see that
that's that's this beautiful that
toddler on my side the ideas scissor
they made a baby yeah I don't I don't
think babies get made by two women
scissor Thanks no that would explain how
I got me look at this only two women
gonna made this oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
two women and a dog anyways hey what do
we got yes I'm here with Shana of
Haotian she also has Tourette's and she
has non stop Nick moving system yeah
yeah for five dollars a day you can save
a black woman yeah
yes you know I would be doing the
YouTube bird but I got this idea from
Lucas Cruikshank through Ben Jenny and
what they did was basically they went
through and they have listed youtubers
and they made a burn book but they
didn't actually make one cuz they're
lazy so are we we're just gonna talk
shit about youtubers and say like gossip
we've heard yeah so I went to Wikipedia
and I typed in youtubers and it gave me
list of youtuber personalities but
trying on my lives fuckin Wikipedia
juicy star oh I heard she's juicy oh my
god
and by her she a porn star I know name
is Josie when she make her horns
that's why his juicy scar I was like in
2007 that's why she didn't shit oh seven
see her name is the code if you know how
to search on pornhub for her you another
look for Josie when I count my sorry
back in 2007 desert she was literally 30
I don't think I'll just play with it
okay Charles Trippy word on the street
is he actually did not have a brain
tumor
people just play he was well drink that
a right way everybody know that he had a
brain tumor
like that time he was like what's up
trapeze I'm getting a brain tumor taking
out Wow not kidding go look it up
damn that not a little too real for me I
can't oh my god just got divorced okay
we Jesus here on problem my moaning me
and I'm a black females to be in a
miracle so like I have a lot of issues
with damn this is awkward I love I love
him so much
I don't know what a bright I would do
let me close out each other's doors open
honestly though I heard he tall is BA
like in his pain oh wait what that don't
make sense you keep it all they kind of
talk what is I'm a scene one in over six
years what you want leave me alone man
game that is short so I guess it could
be told jenna Marbles and don't tell
nobody that's all because I heard that
her dogs aren't actually cats in dog's
skin suits what that it was a very issue
I heard this shit yo one time I was over
at her place
and I her dog they didn't bark they was
like what no with the sorry
like I was waiting with the dog team
real cats and dog says but what the guys
did you me at her house hello I know I
Smosh I heard that every day they get
like one to each other
ha ha ha they don't like each other oh
that's real time I heard that's not my
week whatever I'll make it us was it
ha ha ha this is a weave it's a lace
from my bed I heard that there's only
one of them and they're actually the
same person and your green screen just
like your truck don't bone off on your
mom and I heard that the shut up is
actually all is it
so maybe is we inside as man uh-huh so
whenever you watch a Smosh video you're
just you're inside of one of their minds
but there's only one and shut up
michelle phan actually died oh you know
I'm a no follow me man neither though
best month oh no Michelle Phan I heard
that all her makeup is actually just the
melted skin of all the beauty gurus that
she's left all the bitches that wished
her eels you put some mixes on the back
so when you're rubbing stuff on your
face it's actually like glamorous girl
82 what happened to Dan was related to
Michelle killed her ass ray william
johnson i heard that he's actually a cat
Rebecca Black I heard that she's
actually worse the head of o2l
I'll piss
I'm a year later myself well do you guys
go um boy Scott my boys good time when
I'm uncomfortable so that was our
YouTube third book question of the day
make up a rumor about me in the comments
make it something realistic and really
sad and dark okay if you guys hook your
fucking business
make sure to subscribe and give a thumbs
up and I'll out of the shit and make
sure to go to Shauna's channel click on
that wagon tongue she has a video where
me and her drank hot sauce and it's very
very uncomfortable just like this video
was alright you guys I'll see you
tomorrow and watch out don't get burned
alright you guys I love you can I see
you guys I have chili but hashtag wait
fuck yeah how's that chewy
