how's the chili but hashtag wait fuck
house like chewy guys we're back the
bitches are back bitch yo yonks yeah I
just learned with them yeah yeah yeah
yeah yes anyway we're gonna do an ask
hashtag hashtag ask show okay and what
that is is I went on Twitter and said
what do you guys want to know and I'm
gonna answer your guys questions and
then he's gonna sit here and tell ya
doing that's our relationship okay oh no
that's not in wants to know which one of
you is more man weight wool then I guess
we could compare guns okay oh I wish I
had one how about let's just compare
penises no that's not fair good baby
anyway we'll compare like looks like
give them the most manly scary tomato
look you got oh that was like a gay
Power Ranger getting ready to go up a
robots but okay so I'm going to give
that a 5 here's mine oh that's not your
I'm really not scary that a maybe you're
so mean to me
make it leave make that's me you're so
sensitive that's so unmanly
the terrible okay slap up I'm just so
used to the real thing just fucking tell
them that
it was joke guys next question Berkeley
wants to know once I get that name when
is your sex tape coming out well uh well
right after our pay Roddick novel that's
coming up in fall and then we have our
play girl line coming out of our penises
that they made it to do those yeah then
we also have the penis chocolates at the
gate oh and the penis pasta is that they
made puzzles no I was oh you're the
meatballs I'm awesome okay sometime in
the never near future
yeah but if we do know the sex tape oh
well you should go pro why get up in all
this party with J cos mmm okay yeah
that's trapped him him I would use a
bread high quality I don't think I want
to be oh man ha ha Jacqueline wants to
know how did you guys meet uh well
there's an app it's called it was Grindr
okay how did we actually me I think it's
I found your videos back in 2000 like
seven or eight and then I messaged you
to do a plan for Fred well that's not
meeting oh maybe in real life oh my god
was it VidCon but what oh my god I have
a picture yeah
show the picture yeah there you guys go
I was most terrifying picture I've ever
seen my fucking life oh my god I thought
was wrong I don't know I was so excited
like me though I felt it you did yeah I
was terrified and I didn't know who we
were and I wanted to get tolling if I
was I totally did not I knew who
thinking was you did it no I was like oh
my gosh Lucas Cruikshank your asshole I
can't believe you know it was me right
of course look at me it's always been
you diamond slash wants to know do you
guys like Lorde he's my Savior what I'm
talking about
love you know well the girl who looks
like a Tim Burton character ha ha ha
every time she pops up on my Twitter
feed I could shake yeah I like her music
I don't know if I like her personality
based off interviews and so she's a good
person
again people who don't have the rasayana
teas I think she's great but she's
terrifying and seems like a dead person
me all her interview she looks like a
dead person she talks to me dumb person
she walks like a dead person
all her she has like an Asian boyfriend
who also had a little a dead person so
like when they're on the beach like
hanging out they just like to dead
people hanging out on the beach little
turbo okay I love her oughta wants to
know did you guys miss each other like
every night I would think about my bed
just now every time i was finding
somebody else I wish it was foreign to
you okay but instead I was forming
somebody else oh we're just knifing
yourself yeah I just pictured you with a
knife what's that Lord again okay
Regina watch know who loves each other
more I think you love me more the fuck
is that supposed to mean it's the who
what it means it means first of all our
love should never be measured because it
is I measure second of all I would take
a bullet for you see I love it so that
just shows love me more that I love you
when I die from that bullet on the grass
you're gonna think I'm Lord but nope
it's me hahaha they're so mean to me I'm
just honest Hana wants to know or Hana I
just caught up hi are you guys going to
do anything for your Shoei anniversary
in April
well better best I wanted to do
something but he was like busy you yeah
I knew ah oh god what day were you
saying about
Monday you're like Who am busy I'm like
Tuesday like who that day - and I'm
going what they or not this you're like
yeah no I'm busy all the time
sorry what about next year oh yeah -
that's 15 after that were here for me
yeah right
you asked me Rach sorry I'm too busy
making a movie
stop it Joseph on snow and you guys make
a quick fanfiction for us and act it out
tells like a lot of work but um go - oh
okay here we'll do a really quick okay
I'm gonna throw in C twists and turns
okay
Shane was sitting in a room while alone
and he fell to lying on his crotch he's
like who's that turned out it was Tyler
Oakley and Tyler said yes bitch and
Shane said Yas bed and the phone rang
and Shane answered it and said hello and
it was his favorite youtuber all time
blusette and she said and Shane said
girl I know and then oh there's another
call beep beep oh my god it's Joey from
friends that's my favorite show ever so
I into the forehead how's it doing and I
said oh you're good and we talks like
three hours and then I hung up
oh and then Joey Graceffa text me like
five times but I ignore that shit
this is what the people wanted change
okay I disagree I think people have
wanted a me and Joey from friends fan
fiction don't worry you could be Phoebe
oh good ninja in training wants to know
have you guys ever done drugs if so what
you have maybe you've changed uh I've
never done drugs I feel like in the last
few months like when I was gone
exploring the world well you were also
gone explore
but then we came back here and you you
just I just feel like you've done drugs
look at that look at his face that's the
face of druggie
this is the face of somebody who only
eats yogurt and pretzels Araiza yourself
to sleep okay so what drives me dude
I've never taken drugs that drug school
is that more gonna cop that hahaha it's
gonna that's right I'm kidding of course
he doesn't do drugs he sells them he
doesn't do them right and last but not
least Lana wants to know are you guys
each other's ultimate pain okay I just
learned what BAE means Hey
yeah baby lady no but you know what it
is yeah what you what is BAE
it's baby no it's not it's like a big it
means before anyone else no pick it up
it doesn't mean it's not like a ghetto
version of babe yes yeah oh okay first
of all a wrapper made up BAE and he was
not thinking before it he's like yo Oh
y'all mother fuck dis bitch
she my bag that means before anyone I
don't think that's how it happened I
think it's baby and they say and then
some kid was like filming on enemies
sooo romantic if that meant before
anyone baby I thought on tumblr you're
my baby
okay you're my big amazing everything
you're my black and L think Bob I have
okay what am i your boring always
accepts
yeah to take you away cuz you're a crazy
person because I'm your bed you don't
know it yet
rich others pay stop Ratan you like or
not question of the day
who's your BAE is it us weakest base is
it bass the bass stay yeah the bass with
a Z yeah you doing okay yeah anyways
okay how many of those we have I mean
with you budgeted a who's your bank go
over to Joey's channel subscribe to
check out the video where we put ice in
somebody's crotch and they were not
happy we're not gonna give it away all
I'm gonna say is we're not friends any
I'd you guys happy up on a fuzzy in my
name with you this show me ship is gonna
go sail by sail I mean I'm gonna go home
cuz I'm over it okay bye babe hey hey
hey hashtag big yeah yeah like we have
so much in common like I want to be dead
and so do you
I just wanna torture you and then die
with you it's so hot
