I do have a couple friends here
including Shane Dawson hey hey what are
you doing today Shane I am vlogging with
you guys I feel like a complete right I
feel like it Oh to hell member right now
yeah I think I think I hey guys so we're
gonna shoot a YouTube deserve a drink
with Shane and this is the first time
that Shane has ever drank alcohol I'm
taking his fucking virginity this thing
right here what is it man ring oh no
that's just a separate cocktail that's a
start I'll talk about workout we're
gonna cheers and this will be Shane
Dawson first sip of booze I am Proctor
I'm going to hell it couldn't be happier
oh here we go oh my god Cheers the
family habits are gonna start to come in
okay well this is my it tastes like when
my grandpa used to get elegy um it kind
of reminds me it's okay it's like an
Oreo shake that somebody spilt like
Britney Spears curious perfume it it's
very like it's it tastes like it could
kill me like I shouldn't be drink is
this how alcohol yeah to my plan hey
what's up nothing like literally nothing
like literally nothing like absolutely
nothing like nothing nothing cool good
catching up yeah awesome that's how our
conversations go you know yeah we're
like meant for each other
yeah like we have so much in common like
I want to be dead and so do you I just
want to torture you and then die with
you
it's so hot yeah like what do you dream
about hell and blueberries and hell
blueberries blueberries and hell I hate
blueberries we can't be friends on
because I love blueberries I love them
at the bottom my yogurt and I'm like
scooping around the spoon I'm looking
for the blueberries and I find him then
I go outside and I've been on my mouth
like pop maybe we're not meant to be
together no I think it's over but we've
broken up like
73 times today yeah yeah well anyways
we're here filming a video there's
lights and stuff yeah there's a there's
a camera
there's my phone there's like fan I have
a lot of fans you do your highlights are
like super cool yeah it's really natural
to just oh shit my not real fake
anyways yeah we're filming videos been
so long which is so long no I really
missed it I love acting with you it's
basically we get two tix we don't laugh
and then laugh on the third date I was
with you up until you said you missed it
what do you mean anyways do what I say
up anyway no I missed it too
um yeah no no I'm in Bernie's your house
I've never been here before there's a
chandelier everything's happy 75 bucks
at the flea market you know understand
this house no this house a guest house
is haunted the chandelier League you
know they're so expensive because it's
old and it's brass I figured either it
was broken or stolen this is one of two
things that works great my butt
only cost $65 really it is stolen it's
brass and you can hang me from the
ceiling with it so and you can fight
about the flea market you definitely
find him at the flea market uh yes for
filming a video and you know I'm just
feeling feeling really sad emo yeah yeah
we're just getting into character feel
like everybody says emos dead but I
don't think it is think emails
you must living life emo has resurrected
Iman going nowhere heeello here Yolo mo
amo Yolo mo Yolo I don't like that not
funny but it was not funny I'm done bye
oh ah hey guys I am home you know what
I'm gonna keep this I think it looks
real natural I like that it's longer
than the rest of my hair I like that I'm
into it
kidding throwing it away actually it's
Brittany's I should probably give it
back to her
ah fuck it throwing it away I don't care
about people's things I don't give a
fuck
anyways I'm gonna edit some videos and
chill out with my puppy that's what I
call Lisa because she shits everywhere
question of the day have you ever tried
alcohol before if you're under the age
of 21 hopefully your answer is no or
you're an alcoholic child which you know
good for you escape the pain of life I
wish I could I know on a serious note
though I just kind of want to talk about
I never really I mean I guess I've
talked about this before but not really
in the last few years but I don't drink
I'm boring I know a lot of people who do
drink and I don't care I don't like I
don't drink because I have a history of
alcoholism in my family also it's just
empty calories I'd rather read a cupcake
then drink you know an Oreo dream vodka
shake or whatever but yeah it's just
like a personal choice but I'd
want to say that I don't judge people
because I feel like every time somebody
says they don't drink I feel like
automatically everybody's like oh you're
gonna judge me for drinking I don't care
if you're my friend and you drink around
me doesn't bother me at all what bothers
me is when you eat salad around me
that's fucking disgusting bring a cake
okay leave the kale at home so yeah it
was fun though it was fun to do that
video with memory and try I haven't
actually took in a sip of alcohol and
well I mean I've tried things usually
when I was a kid that's weird but I
haven't actually tried something like
that in a long time so it's kind of fun
whatever but you're not going to see me
boozing it up any time soon unless they
figure out an alcohol that tastes just
like a birthday cake like exactly like a
birthday cake because I would become an
alcoholic for the batch anyways hope you
guys had fun hang with me and fun hang
with you I don't know why I made a pause
when I said that maybe because I have
gas well I love I guess we have a weird
relationship me and you oh it just keeps
getting weirder
I she's here oh my god oh my god girl I
have been watching you like not just
like watching like watching you for so
long
