hey what's up you guys I have a neck
pimple right there let's stop looking at
it how are you guys doing yes today's
gonna be one of those videos where I
just kind of talk to you guys cuz I'm
feeling like getting real close to the
camera a little too close to the camera
lighting to see all my marks let you see
on my dry skin let you see all the
spittle in between my teeth my teeth
look so much better on camera than they
do in person if you saw my teeth in
person
you'd be like hashtag no filter half
house check how do they look like that
Instagram hashtag what the is wrong
with your teeth because in person my
teeth look like baby carrots and then on
video girl they look like June except
for the fact there's food right there
great yeah there it is I'm not gonna
pretend like I was gonna throw that one
piece of loot away you know every ounce
count so today if I don't give you guys
a little fun update on my life what's
going on this weekend was fun
I met with some friends got some food I
like friends who eat
I like friends who don't eat sometimes
because you know sometimes I need to
stop eating but then on those weekdays
or weekends when I'm feeling you know
like cheating I like the friends who eat
you know I like to go to five
restaurants in a day I like to get
desserts I like when the waitress comes
over okay when she gives us our menus
we'd all just open them we don't even
talk to each other I don't give a
about your life I don't give a
about these appetizers you know I'm
saying that's the kind of friends I like
so we did that went out got a bunch of
food ate till we almost threw up I'm
actually just row up on accident ones
cuz I was laughing really hard as I was
eating cheesecake as I was like snorting
a Pixy stick and then just long
I suck at life hashtag forever we did
that what else happened my mouth has
been popping lately why I'm not trying
it just happens I think I'm slowly
turning into Wendy Williams like every
day I wake up and there's another piece
of Wendy inside of me there's a mouth
pop there's weave track there's a large
breast there is how you doin in my
dreams I'm just becoming her
I was watching Lenny Williams the other
day of his wife Dana we suppose but that
Liz that and I was like a 20 she's like
is it like what is that I'm like what do
you mean what is it she's like is that a
human is that said a muppet is that what
is that like it is a strong black woman
who wears a lot of makeup has a lot of
wigs and has a lot of weird clothes get
out of my life she's my life now what
else are we talking I'm just feeling
like talking this is weird I need to
stop I'm very hairy you guys know that I
don't need to cover it up anymore
I'm here I'm here I get used to it Oh
what the News premiered that was
exciting
guys you guys liked it I saw a lot of
comments saying things like oh why is
Shane having other youtubers on his
channel what's happening with Shane are
you leaving you - no I'm not leaving
YouTube I just thought the weekends
could be a fun time on my channel to
kind of expand my brand if you will even
help my brand I hate what people say
that but my brand of comedy and having
other up-and-coming youtubers take over
my channel on the weekends it could be
fun and I love the videos and I helped
to create the bomb.com and what the
is I helped create them and I found
these great youtubers to kind of do them
and I liked them so I'm not
so if you don't like them shut the
up don't watch and yeah I'm not leaving
you to listen I
my priorities of changing a little bit
you know I'm still doing daily vlogs I'm
not gonna stop that Monday through
Friday you guys are always gonna have a
new video and I'm always gonna be funny
and I'm always gonna care about you guys
stuff but yeah I'm focusing on the movie
right now and I haven't really made that
many main channel videos I have a new
one coming out this weekend
the Avril Lavigne one spoof but um but
there's not as many main channel videos
because I'm gonna be honest I just don't
have time and I don't have the money and
I I'm kind of spending all of my time
trying to get this movie right and the
movies better than anything I've ever
done on YouTube so okay for all the
people that miss like my character stuff
or my sketches like just get ready the
movie is a mix of all of it and it's so
much better than anything I've ever done
my whole life so it is worth it but yeah
those are the only two shows though that
are on my that are gonna be on my
channel for a while I don't think I'm
gonna do anything else with me but the
 news in bomb.com I'm good
here to stay I'm excited about
this is going on the email list I'm
excited you guys have been signing up
for that and promised one hundred
thousand people which is nuts so
I'll go to Shane movie comm sign up with
your email address put your zip code if
you want me to come to your city I need
to see where you are so far our number
one city is I should have printed
this up
I believe our number one city is New
York number two is LA
number three is Texas randomly and
number four is Austin so if your cities
not there make sure to sign up and put
your zip code represent show city girl
because I can't go everywhere but I want
to go to the places that have the most
people so you don't so yeah let me know
everything a lot of really weird selfies
on Twitter lately kind of taking over
and I can cry haven't you sign off on my
Twitter because I was just like this is
getting uncomfortable I saw first of all
you guys were putting pictures of dicks
like a lot of dicks and then every time
we saw walks by my computer I'm looking
at a picture of a dick she's like not
surprised but she's like what are you
doing and I'm like I'm looking at a
picture predict posted by 12 year old
but I saw a lot it's really okay so the
guy from one direction who I've talked
about this horn Liam Liam I think that's
what
I should know his name I talk about it
too much he posted literally just a
selfie like this and then it was like I
forgot the tweet me something like in
bed hanging out around something weird
and it got like a million retweets a
million retweets and then it started
trending topic it was like hashtag Liam
in bed or hashtag me and we love you or
hashtag me and don't leave me if it was
really intense and I'm like is this like
what like how does this happen how do
people become obsessed with dates I
understand if you guys like my videos
thank you but I don't think that many of
you guys are obsessed with me and if you
are girl you ain't got nothing to be
obsessed over I have a neck people that
is not something to be obsessed oh I
don't understand I never knew he
couldn't forgot obsessed with days I
never would freak out over like well I'd
like to bring a spear as I guess because
I felt like she was kind of like my
inbred your target cousin but I never
would have liked like this about it it's
interesting I feel like more and more
every day I go onto Twitter or Gandhi
you do write anything I see the fandom
and I see it getting crazier and it's a
little scary I don't know
so question of the day what's next no
question of the day what you guys do
this weekend no I like to just talk to
you guys I'm gonna go I hope you guys
have fun name of me I've been it with
you I'm gonna see you tomorrow let me
see you every single day is that cool
don't leave me alright got numbers there
my phone right here so let's do this I'm
kind of nervous okay hey Alexis cheese
all here oh my god mom
