the bomb.com where we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet users most subscribed user
PewDiePie was recently Twitter verified
which is close to being validated as an
actual human being also having close
meaningful relationships with friends
and family but mostly the social media
part because if you don't Instagram it
didn't even happen
shooting bomb.com
hashtag type for likes you know that
things that you carry with you every
waking and unweighting moment it's
always attached to you and constantly by
your side it's not body odor it's your
cell phone if you're on Twitter you've
seen at least thousands of tweets of
teenagers complaining about their short
cellphone battery life so you probably
know it's a true epidemic in this day
and age so you can't blame a guy for
just trying to charge his phone even if
it doesn't go as planned
I do usually headbang to music but this
guy took it to a different level
two months ago flappy bird frustration
level you ever wanted to get in shape
that shape being equivalent to the ABS
note well member then this spin class is
for you well having seen that I know at
least one person who could use this
class Miley Cyrus yes he definitely can
hoedown throwdown better than her as
long as the new version of the hoedown
throwdown is dropping it like it's hot
Oh
this week on YouTube I mean that Miranda
sings has a lot of haters no offense but
you just missed out really big-time
because I just tried calling you and you
didn't even become the phone so now look
what happens
well thank what happened to my fans and
ones even being on even though most of
them need to back off that was the
beginning an end of am impressions
career it's pretty cool huh Miranda
called her fans so I thought I'd do the
same all right got numbers there my
phone right here so let's do this I'm
kind of nervous okay hey Alexis cheese
all here mom um thank you for watching
this hate-filled episode of bob calm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode please give it a
thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis she's all to
check out my latest
where I talk about a bunch of cool
things and it's awesome and you should
check it out to find out more I will see
you next week with a brand new episode
of bomb.com and until then so good and
now to Shane for the question of the day
hey if you guys hope you enjoyed that
bang calm I sure did
question of the day what did you think
of Katy Perry's new music video for
birthday I just watched it you guys
wanted me to give it a review it made me
uncomfortable
I get really uncomfortable when pop
stars try to be funny that would be like
me trying to be a pop star that way I've
done that coucher Katy Perry
Touche I don't know I I just went when
pop stars put on like makeup and wigs
and they they do characters and makes me
uncomfortable and props to her for
trying to do something different and not
just showing her tits props to her for
showing her old tips I give it two out
of three old tips is a blending with me
opening with you and I'll see you
tomorrow and every single day for the
rest of your life
bye
