hey what's up you guys okay I'm very
excited I'm going to keep this short and
sweet and to the point I have a new
series it's going up on this channel
every single Saturday and it is starring
one of my YouTube friends and one of my
favorite youtubers of all time Destry
hopefully you know who he is if you
don't get to know him and love him it is
kind of a thing all about the news it's
called what the fuck news and it's funny
and I really love it so I hope you guys
love it too
check out the video and um yeah what the
fuck news here it is hey what's up
welcome to the very first episode of
what the fuck news
my name is destory and really the only
thing you need to know about me is I
really love burritos
so in this show we're gonna be covering
all the most awesome recent events
that's happened in the last week and
just leave out all the terrible terrible
news because so much of it now is like
man dies of devil-worship man's anus
bleeds for several days in a row life
has no meaning and everything is
pointless more to live in so yeah try
steer clear of those kind of stories and
try to focus more on the stories like
puppy was found in a well and he's super
alive chocolate was given to orphans in
lieu of dead parents I mean that's still
pretty bad but just stuff like that so
the first story a little bit of this is
gonna make you feel fucking old news
Nintendo's original Game Boy just
celebrated its 25th birthday what
probably a lot of you don't even
remember what that thing even looked
like but easily put it was the biggest
piece of shit to ever exist on the
planet ever this is giant and clunky and
I think you could choose between maybe
one of three games which was awesome
bloody you probably remember the gameboy
color which came out 1998 which was 16
years ago but no this is the older
shittier version of that thing but he
still don't sound like one of those old
guys that just is always complaining
about how terrible their life was when I
was your age we had to plug in our
controllers if I wanted to play online
video games I had to connect to tile oh
okay but what the fuck is Tyler terrible
that's what it was another one the fuck
news Netflix recently announced that
it's going to be upping its subscription
prices to new users by up to $2 new
Netflix users will now pay nine dollars
to have access to every single movie in
the world except for the ones you
actually want to watch what asked why
the price hike CEO of Netflix simply
said I
love the money I gotta get dem stacks
for days yo I'm just kidding he didn't
say that and some celeb news Mean Girls
star Daniel friends as a friend friends
a friends as a friend okay
the guy who plays Damien recently came
out as actually being gay well done sir
you go Glen Coco for Daniel friends
ezel's I don't know your name I'm sorry
in an interview concerning the movies 10
year anniversary friends as a says it
feels like a backpack of bricks has been
lifted off of me the outpouring of
support has been overwhelming and I urge
anyone in the industry who is
contemplated to do this to do it it
feels great
I personally think it's really awesome
that he did this he goes on to say that
he had reps and agents lie about like
his sexuality to like fans and viewers
for for several years and you know now
he doesn't have to hide that and I think
that's totally awesome you know it's
just about who you love as we all know
and it's like that's about it it doesn't
define who I am you know as a man or as
an actor or anything else which I feel
like I've you know battled a little bit
so turns out Damian really was too gay
to function
those are Janice Ian's words not much
it's a music news Avril Lavigne came out
with a new song called Hello Kitty and
the average consensus about this song is
what the fuck did I just watch I don't
know how many drugs miss Levine was on
when she made this thing but I'm pretty
sure it was enough personally I think
she probably just watched all of Miley
Cyrus's new videos and how well they're
doing with the world and she was like
okay so I can't masturbate on camera
since that's already done thanks Miley
and I can't smash through various walls
while licking sledgehammers so what
other weird shit can I do and here it is
Smarties the thing about my lay songs
though is even if you do hate them you
could be like alone in a room or you
don't enlighted a subway and then all
the sudden you'll be like I came in like
a fuck and then the guy in line in front
of you looks back and is like I love
that song in some awesome movie news the
first five minutes of How to Train Your
Dragon 2 can be watched on YouTube now
and apart from the normal comments like
who canned food seems like everyone has
really actually liked it I really
excited for I really want to go watch it
probably in 3d because I'm just I'm just
a bitch like that
some quick spoilers about the movie
apparently pick up now has a flight suit
that I can like zoom around it and do
crazy cool tricks appears as though
there's also some terrified goats in the
story as there wasn't the first one and
Astrid is looking hot as ever but it's
not creepy to crush up animated
characters you're creepy for not
crushing on animated characters get out
of it she just looks mad at fine okay
we're gonna stop well guys that was it
for this episode of what the fuck news
the big question of the day today is
what did you personally think about
Apple Levine's new song do you think
she's on meth or do you think she's just
really really weird let me know in the
comments down below and also all today's
stories can be found in the description
below as well as a bunch of links to
find me all of my social networking
sites also before you guys go make sure
to check out my newest video on my
channel where I talk about why
Hufflepuff is the worst Hogwarts house I
will see you next week for another what
the fuck news and Fairwinds
I think I'm touching
