hey guys yes it is that time again time
for me to do something that will
probably make me go to prison well
that's just everyday
but today is a little bit more
interesting because I'm going to be
playing a game called scary maze game
now I kind of remember this from like
old school I think it's probably not the
same thing hopefully it does not involve
me talking to strangers because we all
know how that ends up with me in prison
let's start playing scary maze game 1
are you ready for the wonderful feb
arrive then play the scary maze game I'm
ready
I'd love to be surprised that's a hint
to my friends or me party I don't have
friends
that's a hint to nobody surprise test
your skills try reaching the goal
without touching the wall how steady is
Johanna not steady at all
I'm a really shaky person I had sugar
problems alright
boom fuck what just happened ok alright
boom oh that's what happened ok
oh god this is hard this is not scary I
mean this is luring and I'm scared that
this is going to be like a 12 hour game
but I'm not scared it's going down the
intestinal tract skin ready to poop ah
mom's just a wall I'm done this is
boring and hard ah how long does this go
on for
oh I already see what's coming up in the
future I'm not gonna able to do that ok
alright
nope no way help oh god oh god oh god oh
god oh god ok
I can't do it I can't do it too tight
it's too tight
so tight now suppose to be a turn on but
it wasn't I'm sure okay Oh God uh hmm I
think I'm touching the wall oh my god
I'm mad at myself I'm mad at myself
because I should have known that's what
this was it is called scary maze game my
heart I don't remember being like this
when I was a kid that was fucked up that
was my heart that was fucked up because
I was really trying I was really trying
to possess bitch and I was so close I'm
not even scared on that I'm mad we call
the mad game because I put my time and
energy into that maze and this bitch
with a cut up face her nasty s teeth
looking like a crackhead and Harlem I'm
upset replay yeah yeah sure let's play
again
bitch no I don't want to replay that was
me I didn't like that I don't like that
at all but you know what I'm probably to
force my mom to play that because it'd
be funny to watch her scream I can't
believe I screamed I never screamed at
anything I never get scared ever I'm not
scared
that didn't scare me it was just loud it
kind of scared me a little bit just like
a little bit just like a smidge okay it
scared me
blaring eyes go that was me playing a
scary maze game you're welcome assholes
you knew that was gonna happen
question of the day what game do you
want me to play next please no more of
these pranks that was not nice
thank you guys okay with me everybody
good even are you I'm hurt myself I'm
bumping into shit like clumsy and scared
I'm like fraggledom overwhelmed I'm
gonna go lay down to calm down after
that see you guys later
oh fuck I'm not gonna try to kiss you
again
I was gonna blow you over never be
enough of you you know one losing lovin
it's gotta be me that's it boom
