hey what's up you guys I'm here with a
Bart Baker hi Shane thanks for having me
in my house you're that's really great
here oh thanks bro my mom decorated it
and uh you know things are looking up my
favorite part is is this the bear it's
really this is a nice touch
it's hot it's really when girls come
over I'm sorry when hookers come over do
they do they look at this and say oh I'm
leaving
well the hookers usually stay cuz I pay
them but you know sometimes if a normal
girl comes over things get a little bit
weird but then I got this as backup I
just cut a hole in the back and go to
town on that note hey guys you've never
done in challenges so you never done one
before so you really know again I'm like
Chari just like I'm really excited and
you said that I've never caught the
Chari before so yeah man you got to pick
a good one
you know to tree the Rose let's see I
mean there's a lot there's the butter
challenge what there's the broken glass
challenge what do you do there it
doesn't sound safe there's the Jesus
challenge not I can do that
I'm gonna be in Jesus oh there's the
death by butter chow yeah what is it
with all this butter here you're you
guys your fans when he's gonna kill you
let's settle with the humming challenge
I feel like that is safe it's a good
first go and it's like you home tunes
yeah so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna take turns we're gonna do like for
each yeah I'm gonna hum the song okay
you have to try to guess with the
science okay and then so forth and now
we're gonna get copyright infringement
only for like two good are you guys you
ready I want me to go first I'm writing
me yeah go for it
um so this is I'm hoping this is a song
I know okay we'll start easy
if you're wondering why is there no
melody there's no melody oh this Ettore
yeah we're like oh it's over song ever
I'm recognized how bad it was from hey
know that I wasn't crying at all that
was us oh just that video was one of my
least favorite videos ever uh hmm I just
feel like Miley is you know she's in a
hospital right now so I know I goes our
dog wait what do you know that's why
she's in the hospital
cuz I know because her dog bender
speechless okay let's see dooba da
what is that do but da yeah that's in it
mm-hmm that's not current I think about
titties like I think about was Jessica
Simpson for some reason that is not just
a sense it and when you realize what
this is you're gonna be like I can't
believe I didn't know this are you guys
just give me a hint there is a pharaoh
in it
Oh Katy Perry yes there you go you know
what all her songs sound like other
songs well you know that songs weird
because it's a combination of a rap beat
and then it goes into a pop chorus
what's going on and then it's terrible
so there's a lot going on it's horrible
but I'm glad that it's such a weird
video because I parody the
got her good boobs Papa D and shoot
those tits I check those titties she's
had some nice ones though boom-boom
boom-boom
call me up let me squeeze them I love
all of this that's happening right now
this is like just get a hundred net you
can imagine every smack okay this is a
throwback throwback oh god okay one of
my faves
Oh John are you serious okay I was gonna
do all or nothing no you were else a lot
his shot that's one of a
throwback dammit well I got it
notice you can you hummed it so good
let's tell it look telepathic I thought
it really good did you get rid of one
part I was literally gonna go right to
the hmm I would have got it right away
okay it's not good it's a great song
it's a great karaoke song that was their
only good song I think they had way out
rolling around in the dirt with a bear
bid liquid dreams it was okay my liquid
dreams are not how Moorthy yeah not
interesting my Waterproof my bed i had a
lot of liquid dreams
on that note next humming you didn't
even get that home but I got it no good
okay well then I'm gonna do a throwback
to right yeah huh you know I need no no
okay
chorus father I knew it and then it's
gotta be May that's it boom
see I had that song in my car no way I
don't when you put a CD in your car and
then you don't know this but it actually
takes all the songs from the CD and it
puts it permanently in your car and when
somebody gets in your car and starts
playing it and you say I don't how I got
there
uh it's gonna be me it's gonna be me
love my video remember that I need the
dance when I was in high school really
yeah I practiced it outside of high
school dances and I tried to do it in
the dances and look at me now look at
both of us now we both make youtube
videos full time go to college sometimes
I feel like telling kids that it like
VidCon and when they're like should
I drop out of school and like do this
full-time like you could try that but
honestly don't bank on it you know but
you got to have a dream no for every o2l
member there is a homeless kid yes that
just got deep okay grand finale okay so
I'm new something borrowed something
blue
that was weird cuz I was gonna do I'm
blue like I was seriously this isn't way
weird for us is really weird really tilt
delt to look a fake hole of a foot bath
is lapis telepathy that'd be our
collaboration rap name okay alright I
got this song makes me cry so if I start
to tear up
Titanic mm-hmm-hmm by the way I'm in the
wrong key okay keep that money yeah
of course I think I know this tune is
like a Disney song maybe think Japanese
don't think too hard about Japanese cuz
the singer isn't Japanese but two
Japanese movie kind of so Japanese Iron
Throne yes
rhymes with plume blonde Mulan yeah I
don't know the artist
this is souls this is old school who the
hell would sing a song like that look at
me can you really see who I really am
but you'll never know now I see if I
could wear a mask I could fool the world
but I never fool my heart
haha is it like saw Michael Jackson no I
lied on what Japanese guarantors is it
Michael Jackson's thing for ah I would
not like that Mulan movie is a girl this
is hard this is her first song Oh glass
broke when she sang it oh Mariah Carey
no she's pretty good too she's gross and
disgusting
but not anymore she kinda is better than
Jessica Parker
it's my reflection by Christian Galera
oh I don't remember that song
at all
hey guys go that was your first
collaboration chow down egg tag thing
thing we're gonna be homeless soon yeah
I'm gonna live in the streets or maybe
mommy will adopt me again
just got real I just got saved it's okay
just take some what's that stuff Prozac
that's how I get through the day this is
the darkest class ever done hard like a
like a dark Weaver got you got a dress
how you feel we were feeling dark we're
feeling
Bres what the tips of my hair say
different that's where the prozac kicked
in if you want to see more fun filled
prozac moments go to bars channel
subscribe and make sure to check out the
video where we do celebrity impressions
it's really just a yeah it's great even
though we haven't even shot it it's
gonna be a the funnies gonna that baby
made a nice cold that's how good it's
gonna be all right you guys have you up
on anybody with you make you subscribe
and if he does everything today and
subscribe to him and peace I like that
is that your thing I usually do it this
way but I felt like doing it this way
this feels a little more Asian and I
thought that since we were on the move
on thing your constant callbacks yeah
that's pretty good
yo guys until next time peace out peace
peace peace peace and by that I mean
keep your feet wet and your dick sweater
hey Sal that's how it brilliant hi
stinky weasel what's up oh my god I just
read what it means oh my god I've been
rid of that
deels your money change money for
dignity that kind of
