Wow hey what's up you guys okay really
quick before the vlog starts someone to
tell you there's a brand new episode of
my podcast out right now we talked about
the size of my penis so check it out
I'll put the link down there
SoundCloud calm slash shame friends
aren't you guys nope you had fun hang
with me I hope you have fun hang with me
I will have fun hanging with you right
now tells confusing bye ha hey what's up
you guys I am in a parking garage right
now waiting for my drugs oh there they
are they're coming in a big box I heard
it a lot of them now I'm King I am
actually just parking as I'm gonna go
make a video with Bart Baker another
youtuber he's pretty awesome so I'm
excited don't know what we're gonna do
I'm sure it's gonna be intense and crazy
and weird and a lot of wigs just how I
like it
look who's right behind me look witty hi
guys hi it's that was Joey you sounded
noises like Josh yeah sounded like Joey
yeah little bits pretty good huh yeah oh
my god I didn't mean to he talks like a
gremlin a little bit interesting you
okay - yes I am in I mean your house
right now this is not my apartment bro
this is it have you ever done a tour
like oh hey this is this knife Donna I
think it tore my on my second channel
maybe I don't really remember if I've
done the full tour I got some
flashlights and stuff like that you're
not gonna wait do you really they sent
me a lot we what get one you want to see
yes I've always wanted to play with what
I mean I'm not gonna really play okay if
you guys don't know what this is
let me explain really quick flashlight
is a dildo for a man that's not right it
is a sex story for a man you put your
penis in it and it's like it looks like
a flashlight but when you turn it upside
down it's like oh I need a flashlight
cuz it's dark in here oh god it's just a
butt it's just a butt so it's not
actually for light it's for your asshole
and here it is
ooh post it looks like a flashlight look
it's supposed to be some girl's lips cuz
it's so find it I don't know whose lips
question of the day whose lips no that I
don't know wait very strange it's a
little wet I'm not gonna judge you but
it's not wet there's like a little
wetness on it can't be wait what have
you ever put anything in here no and I
can i divulge it does feel weird oh the
baby uncomfortable feels wet
hmmm there's something some kind of like
a um there's some kind of powder stuff
in it it's weird right
hey what's up you guys oh my god we
should do a challenge video with her
anyways where's Tyler Oakley's mouth oh
my god this hello we should do jaw
fleshlight challenge video oh hey guys
so today we're gonna be doing a
fleshlight challenge so what we're gonna
do is you're gonna take the butt I'm
gonna take the dick mouth and we're just
gonna go at it it's a fleshlight it's
gonna love this endorsement
oh no I'm not even be paid are you gonna
pay by them oh yeah they just sent you
bunch of free ones why I don't know I
tweeted they follow me on Twitter and
then I tweeted them like hey can I send
me a bunch of these and yeah have you
tried one I tried one which one uh just
a normal vagina you know what it's just
way too much work yeah I got one of
these for my friend Steve for his
birthday one year and it was a black
vagina and he never used it never used I
would I not only how what do you make up
for a second if you want to hear right
now I would take this mouth into that
bathroom and fucking you have a
malfunction you gotta warm it up you got
to put it in water to warm it up what so
this isn't the instruction manual Thank
You bet you read thoroughly yeah you
warm it up in water first okay that way
it feels real then obviously you need to
they sent me so much Lulu can't you just
put in a microwave I mean maybe but
wouldn't it melt I mean I don't know
anyway long story short it's a lot of
work and I'm not gonna I I think it's a
cool product but I'm not gonna endorse
it for everyone watching cuz you kids
shouldn't be buying flesh no although
you know what if I was a kid and my
mommy got me a flashlight for like
Christmas or something that would have
saved a lot of ham sandwiches and it
would have saved my mom's couch yeah I
would have saved the pushing my twin
beds together I did that did you ever
take the mattress up and put your dick
in between the boxspring in the mattress
hell yeah one that nobody ever has done
before but I did was I would lift the
toilet seat up and put it in and then
drop the toilet seat it's hard it's a
hard surface but you can kind of hold
the toilet seat down to get the exact
pressure that you yeah it's nice - in
the summer - it's cool - cool the
porcelain feels cool on your job whoo
and my audience is 13 so I'm going to
if anybody wants a flashlight I'm not
giving this away no well this is yours
this is mine I mean you know they make
them in beer cans to discuss big beer
cans to it dude I got I got so many ha
ha ha yo man I got I got a flashlight in
my closet man gimme one leaves yo hit me
up I'm dealing flesh pizza YouTube is
not panning out I'm gay I'm getting a
negative $10 CPM every video I make I
lose 20 grand ha ha ha but youtubers
should have molds of themselves made
they should that it's not a dude I
guarantee you some company is gonna try
to get people to do that oh please if
there was five of these now look like go
to old mounts I'd fuck every single one
do boo boo boo blue backpack by 4
packets mouths and but they also make
dicks I wouldn't want my mood now that
it all live that'd be depressing
they make limp dicks it's a gag it's
like a gag dick so like you just like
let it hang out and walk around the
streets with it see if people will react
to it well on that note we're gonna go
and check out his channel where he does
a lot more stuff with flashlights oh my
gosh guys I love to do stuff with flesh
no my channel is just basically I'm
gonna I stopped doing the parody stuff
my second channel I forget the vlogs
it's flesh-like tips how to use them the
best practices where to get oh yeah
right here all right you guys hope you
have fun hang with us we have like
anything and I'll see you tomorrow bye
Lisa
how do you deal with Shane's hairy body
do you like it or would you rather him
have it all shaved I love you Shane
sorry I love you how'd you deal with it
as if it's a disease that's taking over
your life it slowly crawls up my arm in
my face during the night
