it's a shameless haha Monday day day day
day sq thanks hey guys yes as I told you
this month and maybe next month I'm not
gonna really be doing a Shane just
because I'm a listen girl needs a break
irenna but it's having to switch it up
today maybe do an ask
shishah and ask us and ask this
relationship it's therapy oh god you
guys are the therapists and you're
riding down oh my god oh my god oh my
god end it end it ended and we're just
laughing storytellers asks Joey
literally just says Joey okay so I'm
gonna make up the question I think
they're saying would you rather be with
Joey all into this first day yes he's
really attractive we can share him you
know he has a facial hair now you can
keep him I like him fresh like babies
hey Natalie wants to know has Shane ever
licked your toes if not do it now I
don't like licking anything that's not
chocolate coated no I would didn't
mention of it for you you should like my
toes oh my god my big toenail looks like
a dinosaur glob oh my god like jazzy
part like I could tap it on the floor in
the kitchen and you'll think oh the
Raptors are coming you know I like
barely ever seen your feet before it's
so weird cuz I've barely ever seen your
face before it makes no sense makes a
lot of sense I just blur it out ah math
let's know are you guys getting married
mechanics question Matthew been asking
that question for two years Julie wants
to know do you guys sleep facing each
other or not my ass face is your face no
way and then I let it rip that is the
only fact here you had a rift so I turn
the other way and you turn the other way
and corny just cuddles between us she
cuddles between the fart carnies in the
middle of a fire of gun back she's
nowhere that helmet she's terrified yeah
branches we also have like two pillows
in between us we actually don't even
touch it nighttime
oh my god we should
it's a great idea oh my god in two
separate rooms you know what let's just
do that let's just move out oh my god I
could get my own little place like on
the beach oh I can like wake up and like
yawn and stretch in the walk outside
I'll be like on the CN I'm God then
you're gonna have to do your own dishes
your own laundry you're gonna take out
the trash just have my mom do that hey
I'm a grown-up
team she so wants to know Oh get a new
team girl wants to know what's your
favorite thing to do together as a
couple off of youtube life exists off of
youtube once the camera turns off we
just go our separate ways
we actually just shut down completely
I'm actually a robot beep oh hey Lauren
wants to know if you had a child what
would their name be fucked for life
Plymouth Rock like that I know yeah I
thought about I'm like I want them to be
something that when the teacher calls
Roller like damn I just discovered the
next big thing
yep that's better than your idea what's
your idea box for life no let's just lay
it out there people try to I defected
exactly when a drug is better huh love
me some show he wants to know hey Lisa
have your parents seen Shane's videos
and his characters what do they think
yeah and I do a lot of explaining how
hard is it to say oh my boyfriend likes
to dress up like a woman on the internet
and play a black gay lady let's just say
they're working on their relationship
it's fine your dad thinks I look sexy in
a wig
I think unis Jessica wants to know Lisa
how do you deal with Shane's hairy body
do you like it or would you rather him
have it all shaved I love you Shane
sorry I love you how'd you deal with it
as if it's a disease that's taking over
your life it slowly crawls up my arm in
my face during the night my body hears
like The Grudge it'll drown you and kill
you and suffocate you I love it how do
you deal with that you know how I deal
with it I embrace it I just roll around
in it I graded it
it bite it you want to shave it maybe
just check back I love you how do I deal
with her hairy body well I just don't
look at it I just closed my eyes I
pretend like I'm rubbing the bear next
question
Nigel wants to know Shane why do you
always pretend like you don't really
love Lisa I know you love her pretend
now this shit is real no this is real
I'm just really into abusive relation
I love abusing it's passed down
generation to generation like obesity
this is got like real real freckles
wants to know who's your favorite couple
on YouTube other than you Joey and his
hair Trisha and her hair Carly
she needs to wonder that I shut the fuck
up just like you that's how I used to
scream a few legs up see look at her
that was down to me it's a Monday
morning Lauren wants to know - Shay
never annoy you if so what does he do
you better have no answers um you know I
mean all the time
how well as I've said over in my video
if you hop over there yes you'll eat
fridge open believe the dishes because
I'm trying to air the smell what of your
gross organic food that smells like
balls and my beautiful amazing just
processed food that smells like
chocolate listen I gotta get my balls
where I can get them I know it annoys
you when I do this in public
ah Emily would do it in private no I'm
good
all your guys ago those are questions if
you want to go over to her Channel check
out more of these questions where they
get even more inappropriate creepy and
personal corny what do you think my
character fucked the fuck up I agreed so
it should have made me Plymouth Rock
leave me alone it's a good name are you
guys happy a fun Agatha say fighting
with you make sure you leave a comment
down there giving us more questions
maybe we'll do another ask
besa besa idea I was a yo tomorrow
ah coconut you know what you're nasty
though coconut milk just letting me know
what fruits I enjoy is that a fruit I
didn't know that huh I'm learning
