hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now meteor and
drew have played a lot of scary games
we've tried to summon a demon in a
bathtub we tried to talk to a monster in
a closet and we even tried to do a
sacrifice using a doll but we never
played a game that was going to tell us
how we were going to die that's right
today we gear Andrew I'm going to find
out how our lives are going to end all
right the fire is lit the boys are here
and we have another boy I'm not
participating you have to you're here I
don't want to be part of your narrative
when it comes to scary videos listen if
you're going to live in this house
the demons need to know your name I
don't just want to hear shade at night I
want to hear Shane and Ryland shipping
or what if they say silence that would
be perfect all right so I actually have
not told them what we're doing tonight
you guys have no ideas are you saving us
because we need hey what are you doing
wait so you guys really don't know right
now we really don't know what do you
think it could be wait look like part of
the videos it's going to be something
like no I don't know are we just jumping
in the fire yep what do you think we're
doing
I don't know I'm busy looking at a
wishes new video talking Alicia Marie
vlogs and participate so we're going to
go inside one of them is outside and
what is inside you got frogs yeah what
is one of them second ribbit one of the
games is inside one is outside and at
the end of the night we are going to
know some things about ourselves Oh
didn't before what the trivia no it
looks fun that sounds all can you get
prizes we I'm gonna know something that
no one else knows about me yes and I
didn't even know nope really that's play
games fail to say some fun things Oh God
alright let's go it's like okay are you
guys ready for this hello
VidCon stirs boom all the boys are here
all the boys are here literally it's
your boy you know I don't get you all
you boys we can't use the part 1 of the
game Oh what are we doing to cheat Oh
killing a sacrifice again filming was
right
we're not killing the cat littlez dog oh
ok so actually I'm going to need you
guys to go to another room blows the
door all the Lord's suck your ears that
you can hear this oh there's not time
today
the name is awaiting okay so I'm going
to explain to you guys what this game is
and it's really really fun and you can
play it with your friends we are going
to fucking charity ruin violence knobs
get fit ok so this game is called the
how I'm going to die game some people
call it concentrate so basically you
take one of your friends and you really
done this poem while you're doing things
to their face it sounds shady it's not
then at the end of the poem you pretend
to push them off a bridge and they're
supposed to see a color whatever color
they saw right as they fell correlates
to how they want to die in the future so
I as opposed here all the ways you can
die and they have no idea what's going
on okay I think I want to do drew first
okay are you guys read what we're
working we're trying to get full where
you came back what hey what is going on
is it Robert we're distracted
party we actually where we want you know
a thing about the stranger housing
option once Maya
that was a question about the standard
party I started here is that like how
would you choose yourself and he said
some why you tell me what you would yeah
okay well I shall the Ryland oh we're
standing like that well I'm taking a
second without again so your stranger to
me and I can't really would you really
do like either at a party trying to meet
strangers what would you do I don't know
I'm just be like home place right
brothers do this is why we're your only
friend oh here I was going down you know
here that's boring that's not going to
get you far true what would you do hey
okay everybody needs to get the fuck out
except for Drew
he's totally what I won okay
drew we need you stand right here okay
first close your eyes don't concentrate
okay concentrate on saying don't your
eyes only think about words people are
dying show your heart concentrate
concentrate crack in a roof dead red
leather yoke run down crack
keyboard I'll show the time concentrate
squeeze an orange on her shoulder let
the juice drip down which squeeze orange
on your shoulder the juices dripping
down to the box
concentrate ten needles on your side
concentrate focus ten meals on your side
while I was trimming down her legs
concentrate is nice in your back loves
trimming down you're walking you're on
top of the building
you look down you see the world you love
all oh yes well the last Cody stop right
by the shop it was a glue is blue like
first second okay but good that's what I
need so whatever color you saw
correlates how you're not going to be
like what was that
why are you trying to give me a break -
this is how you give somebody a panic
attack
okay blue means that that is in the
future you're going to drown in water
change relaxing okay do you know the
Greek settled brown is water
I don't set up the car crash boy I'm a
pretty good swimmer
okay so now you know the tricking when
the game ends take a bit and you won't
be dared
oh I have to do that I'm gonna come out
oh all right
I put static on the TV to make a
creepier you're breathing on me I'm
gonna keep freezing on you
they're having to close your eyes or
some shit actually close your eyes I
yeah
what close your eyes close your eyes
concentrate
sorry sorry it was something okay I'm
not going to okay you do call Jax
closure concentrate oh you're kidding me
look I don't want to think people are
dying children are crying concentrate
concentrate concentrate on what I'm
saying crack an egg on your head let the
yolk run down let the yolk run down I
can hang on concentrate concentrate
concentrate on what I'm saying thanks 10
needles in your side I'm stopping eyes
what's up love drip down let the blood
drip down oh my god yeah I missed that
one yeah do it around the world around
you I don't know how I missed that one
left the world around your neck until
it's tight and Paul oh my god you're
standing about thank you're on the ledge
you're feeling very dizzy your clothes -
yes what did you wake up what color did
you see when you were pushed whoa really
oh my god that's what you saw tell them
how he's gonna die oh you shouldn't go
swimming together hey me every day means
we'll drown in water that's how you're
gonna die no no I can't do that based on
how I played the game any misstep wait
but to the point of this game is coming
to tell you how it Adama I don't want to
be a part of that at least you're not
going to burn to death that sounds awful
sorry if I hate you too are oh I thought
this box that I was not sure I thought
your turn it you get to do it - Gary I
don't think I can do that serious well
you have to it's the game okay so where
should we do this I probably need to
stand up on this
you can scare kids I got that tall
you're pretty tall catch a little okay
so turn around yeah spooky I'm I'm in a
spooky video you're gonna get but are
you gonna get on my shoulders oh my god
that would be fun trash yeah that might
be fun I'm a big boy do it just for an
Instagram come on Winx wait what if this
is how you die oh my god what have you
fall in the pool and drowned all Messire
stuff yourself if I broke back oh my god
oh my god oh my god come on what do you
mean we're doing something fine not ever
all control your hand oh my god what did
you guys did a cartwheel okay is that
insane I'm sorry we're going to give us
a song oh good night all right get off
the shoulders we're going to do that
from there you ever play this game
Garrett I'm going to need you to close
your eyes okay I'm good at that all
right am I gonna get touch I don't know
what I need to like flex your like just
concentrate concentrate concentrate on
what I'm saying
people are dying children are crying
concentrate concentrate concentrate on
what I'm saying crack an egg on your
head let the yolk run down let the yolk
run down stick ten needles in your side
let blood drip down lets blood drip down
stick ten needles in your side with
blood drip down let the blood drip down
concentrate concentrate concentrate and
wrap a rope around your neck
whoa hello type Oh get a rapper I wrap a
rope around your neck and pool you're
standing on a building you're out on the
ledge look you're going very dizzy and
you're booked to the edge and someone
pushes you okay open your eyes what
color did you see right after you got
pushed green okay interesting
okay this determines how you're going to
die bottle it well I didn't want it I
had so many thoughts during that whole
thing but I didn't want to interrupt
your ritual what does green mean green
means that you will fall from a height
and die on the ground oh my god I've
wanted that Charlie's Angels - I won't
get into it but something like that
happens and I thought well you know darn
well way to go oh my god Lana I'm not
planning and necessarily understand I'm
open to it
well I have a big cliff if you could
just try that out
I have to drag because here at all we
got okay get over here only have one
more game this game is called cat
scratch one person sick on the floor
your friends lie on the floor on their
back with their head in your lap
everyone sits around in a circle so I
guess one of us this one has our head in
a lab and the others are watching it
sounds risky what we all know kidding
something is not it's scary spin the
bottle why are we scary going through
sexual then you rub the person's temples
in a soothing motion as you tell them a
story about a cat and there's two
different stories okay I think Garrett I
think yeah Garrett sat on floor drew put
your head in Garrett's lap okay and then
smear do we have a ship named is there
good guerrilla yeah wait how do we share
it
I think GRU people just say they should
put the bad name yeah go rid of it
alright sit on the floor oh oh oh my god
that is so cute
you look like a cat oh yeah you look
great okay so you're gonna read story
number one what ha me wait wait wait
wait wait this is actually scary and I
don't want to give away what happened in
this game but the fact that cheeto was
like a little disturbed and scared and
in a bathtub which he's never done
before oh my god okay cheeto are you
sure oh my god he's shocked and she does
look gonna shoot oh my god is he
actually quaking there's something wrong
oh my god he knows lit oh my god wait
what is going on ill it's a demon just
right there once was an old lady who
owned a cat the cat was very nice and me
Alden heard one day the cat got hit by a
car and died cat stretch cat scratch cat
the old lady got a new cat the cat was a
very mean enhanced and clawed cat
scratch cat scratched cat scratch one
day the cat got hit by a car and died
the old lady decided to not get any more
cats and scratch can finish
ok now drew has to stand up we have to
lift the back of his shirt and we should
see three red cat scratches on his back
they're just gonna be like gross back
finally stretch mark oh my god I'm
nervous
oh I don't see anything
here your back looks great yeah you look
good back oh my god it's hairless so
supposedly what's supposed to happen is
when you read that story I think the
demon or the ghost of the cat scratches
you while you're reading what is it TV
we're who is that a cheeto did you see a
demon cat here scared a demon cat away
maybe that's what it was that could have
been it okay we'll all do the story
number two to Ryland okay you're walking
through a dark alley you'll eat it
you're the only one there the ground is
slick with rain Alley is filled with
garbage cans and Larry and then you hear
something a movement in the garbage cans
you pick up your pace you want to get
out of that alley fast but then you see
something red glowing eyes
glowing they are the eyes of enormous
cat you run but the cat chases you he
jumps on you it scratches you 1 2 3 yeah
ah all right so you're not anything oh
yeah you see that oh yeah
that's wait a minute wait did you come
on I did not do that wait Riley and I
might not do that did something happen
to you earlier I felt weird I didn't
ever feel like necessarily wait can you
see that yes when something actually I
got you oh my god he looks up really
really I mean for real around I mean
also can we look at the window please
God Holy Smoke
she was watching he's like I saw it
happen though cause he was not here to
protect us huh that's kind of scary
I'm not gonna be a part of you it was
probably why it happened because he's so
like I don't want to be part of it I
don't want to demon uh and the ghosts
are problems like that one oh that's it
oh yeah son oh what a great night Thanks
all right well there you guys go
those are all the games for the night
did you enjoy that I should all really
fun time thank for that mom did you have
fun no did you have fun drew I found
what you did to me really like
off-putting he didn't write it look that
whole thing it wasn't a good experience
look I'm sorry baby what I wrote your
temple it was nice oh yeah nice like
yeah yeah yeah well guys if you want to
play these games with your friends make
sure to do it and scare the shit out of
them also make sure to go to all their
channels Jared drew and Rollins journal
and they all have brand new videos up so
go check them out I'll put the links
down there all the make sure to give
this video a thumbs up if you want us to
do more scary videos and if you want to
tell the other scary videos we've done
I'll put a link to a playlist right down
below what do you think we should do
next what are you doing ah but you guys
I'll see you next time
watch out for the cat scratch bye
