look what I just happen to have so
marshmallows I have to tell you
something even though it looks like I
have this huge mouth I get very little
in money
don't put that on your match college
Oh ha no I'm not having a nervous
breakdown
I'm trying to be a ninja and failing at
it but get used to that because I'm
going to be failing a lot in the next
five minutes because I'm going to be
playing fruit ninja which is also what
they used to call the gay Asian kid in
my middle school sad memories I've never
actually played this game you guys
wanted me to play it I don't know why
but we're gonna play it I have no idea
what it is I have seen it before I'm
hoping there's a sword involved and I'm
hoping there's no gay people involved
because I feel like as a society we have
moved past this oh you never know what
the Internet all right here we go whoo
mmm
Jim music all right here we go start
game pineapples
what's happening why am I getting next
oh my god
that was like a miracle Scott talent I
ain't got none wait what replay fruit
cuts wait what replay game one more
where's the sword hello is there rules
wow I'm really stupid oh oh oh this
sword is in my mind that's creepy but
okay Lebon oh god no it's fun back
wait no oh I'm not supposed to do that
got it thank you
took me a while coconut you know what's
nasty though coconut milk just letting
me know what fruits I enjoy is that a
fruit I didn't know that huh I'm
learning what is that line ballsack
pineapple ball sack big coconut ball
sack coconut ball sack watermelon lime
I'm good at this I should work at Jamba
Juice or is it people that work at Jamba
Juice call it yahweh√≠s Oh boom Road
orgy boom is this really it this all
right
they're gonna be people flying up or
something I need more obstacles came
over more game what does that mean
Oh God Oh the hell is this it's like a
world I've never seen before not a
babysitter yes please turn that fruit
ninja I don't give a fuck about that I
want to play some naughty foolish horses
I don't know where this is going and I
like it join the community that's
another episode that's creepy as fuck oh
I'm so excited oh my god
naughty baby sitter I had a baby that
was molested by my babysitter I'm not
even saying that to be funny it would
explain everything right what's
happening is this blind naughty
babysitter because I can't see anything
things happening oh I get it cuz you
blacked out the memories that's deep
use your mouse to click on various
events nothing's happening let's just
reload Oh God is this a game about
infections because I will win a game
come on don't let me down naughty
babysitter part 2 this is for real
nothing's happening that's a letdown all
right back to fruit ninja most boring
game of all time you know what now I'm
done I'm done you know it's more
interesting than this let's just google
search naughty babysitter that's more
interesting ah this game looks so fun oh
my god oh my god is that real oh my god
okay if he does it the booby he touching
the booby that's funny
I like that okay let's get off of this
well there you guys go that was me
playing fruit ninja and trying to play
naughty babysitter's didn't work guess
I'll just have to sit here and go back
into my memory all right you guys leave
us a comment let me know what game you
I'll be playing next I just choked on my
own spit saliva
I was just drooling over those pictures
the children were beautiful
another guys have fun hang with me -
hang with you and I'll see you tomorrow
bye dad someone died three words
fuck three people yeah
