but you're in your bed and you were like
I think you were shirtless I don't know
what was happening because that right
but what am i hair ception a way that
they all have cool beards and mustaches
hmm
actually I look more like that mousse
I'm a disaster hey what's up you guys I
hate to sound down on myself but every
time I have like pretty boys come over I
just started to be able to cure right
now I'm waiting for Ricky Dillon from o2
l we're gonna do a collab already know
is gonna show up here and like a like a
onesie or like a tank or like some kind
of biker shorts and he's gonna be like
oh hey no it's just at the gym like you
know getting ripped and then I'm gonna
be like oh I was just ripping up some
cheese in the fridge so I guess we're
both cool either way should be a fun
video I look horrible
stepping foot down on your thumbs Jane I
hope he looks horrible I hope we look
horrible together that's never gonna
happen
what are you doing hi what are you doing
filming oh I'm just applying my lipstick
mm-hmm from the video he asked me the
first thing you want to know hey what's
up how are you doing
if chapstick and I was like first of all
girl it's called lip floss so I do not
have justic I do have some different lip
glosses and then I ran to the bathroom
and I got like ten different shades
I call them shades he picked my lemonade
won or mine whatever this is lemon pie
how is it feeling tastes really good
actually it looks good
that's how I make my gloss is poppin it
that's how I make my lips look like big
old you know wet juicy I just talk about
Rebecca black when I said that hazard I
think the reason I was Rebecca I know
that's why I thought of my her because I
asked her I'm like I've ever seen
anything creepy too and she goes well
one time you did comment on my big wet
pussy when you were doing a video with
Rick hammer
oh that's why yeah and every time I look
at you I think of Brooke because weapons
ewwww oh did you ruin her that I ruined
her what does that mean well I feel like
you know she was sweet and she was like
this little like Armenian princess
side Wow nice she's a nice girl so you
introduced her to Molly and Maggie I
just made it up is that a drug Maggie
ethyl Carol Grom hi I'm Carol right now
everybody at the drug Oh question of the
day
if Rebecca was a drug what would it be
I'm gonna go with laxatives intense just
stomach guttural just like pain is
taking laxatives what do you guys think
what do you think cuz she smells you
smell like her I can smell her on you
mm-hmm it's like regret fear and
excitement I'll be over all rolled up
into one oh we already talked about that
Rebecca's perfume is what did I say
about it I said that you spray it on and
you think like it's only gonna last like
15 minutes and that shit lingers for
like four years like you spray that shit
on four years ago and you're like I
could still smell this it ain't going
nowhere this perfume won't go away and
then like somebody sprays a Chinese food
perfume you like oh girl and the next
went away like a month
Rebecca lasts forever well this is what
happens when you come to Shane's house
yep look at that oh I forgot to tell you
that's on permanent lipstick so it's
actually gonna stay there forever is
that okay you got it on my nose like
literally in my nose we have a new book
it definitely looks like a herpes
outbreak right or no it looks like
somebody like how to pimple and then
they pop that Nick's just exploded so
we're done finishing the video we film
the video it's pretty great a lot of
weird shit and this happened to this did
she look great how do girls do this
every day how do are you doing every day
that's the real question
hey what's up you guys Ricky just left
I'm about to have myself a night alone
and I'm about to pee I'm debating
whether or not I'm gonna pee in front of
you I don't think I ever have I think
this is a new step in our relationship
you know what I'm not gonna do it
actually okay I'm gonna do it oh I don't
know oh shit oh god it's coming out okay
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna take this step oh god no I got
scared I got scared I just not bad at
that I had to stop oh god I didn't know
I'm done I'm done I'm done I'm gonna go
I love you guys so much I feel like we
just made a next step I feel like we're
on a different level love you guys I'm a
fucking mind reader I know you guys want
me to talk about the VMAs I'll do it
really quick
I didn't watch it next topic um
