but you're in your bed and you were like
I think you were shirtless I don't know
what was happening because all right but
what am i hey how are you doing I'm
terrible I'm kidding I'm fine
well I'm not that fine I'm like okay I'm
like a hot pocket that's been in the
microwave like two minutes like it
really needs another 30 seconds but you
could probably eat it but it's like
crunchy and cold in the middle and feels
like regret that's how I am hey I'm
kidding I'm doing great um you know
today I thought it'd be fun if I did
another kind of just talking video where
I hang out with you guys and talk about
whatever is on my mind and you know
hopefully talk about things that are on
your mind because I'm a fucking mind
reader I know you guys want me to talk
about the VMAs I'll do it really quick I
didn't watch it next topic um no um I
really didn't watch it but I did see on
Twitter you know a lot of youtubers went
I don't know if they were part of the
show or not or if they just got invited
but um I was mixed emotion about it I
thought I was happy that youtubers were
invited I was kind of disappointed
because I feel like I feel like
youtubers should be a part of the show
especially since youtubers are getting
more views than MTV so it's kind of like
I feel like youtubers should probably be
part of the show but MTV is still just
like using youtubers to get more kids to
watch so who knows maybe in the next 2-3
years a youtuber will be hosting the
show I don't know why I'm pointing to
myself that would be a terrible idea
maybe
jenna Marbles Donna so that's what I
think about the VMAs
next is what else is been on my mind
side note I just looked out of my phone
I don't know how I don't know if my
number got leaked or something
look at me I'm super famous the link
Selena Gomez like oh my god me member
got leaked what am I going to do no my
number got let out I feel like that
sounds less pretentious than leaked and
I've been getting a lot of face times
which is very bizarre to me because if I
was a kid I'm assuming that they're kids
who were calling I hope they're not 55
year old men if I was a kid or a 55 year
old man and I had like a youtubers phone
number number one I wouldn't do anything
with it because I'd be too freaking
scared like I can't even go up to like a
d-list celebrity at a restaurant and say
hi because too nervous like ah I'll
diarrhea in my pants I think I went up
to pick you up - one time and they said
no oh 30 rock another show 30 rock and
the guide Kenneth with big teeth and a
weird hair I love that show so he's not
even famous and I went up to him at a
party thing and I was like can I get a
picture he was like no so you think I'm
gonna go up to anybody who's actually
famous fuck no Kenneth said no Kenneth
said no anyways reality check my phone
number it was late people have been
FaceTime to me wouldn't you be calling
me or texting why FaceTime that's like
very that's scary
like for me I wouldn't even FaceTime
somebody that I knew like if I was gonna
FaceTime somebody I knew I would have to
text him first and be like hey I'm about
to FaceTime you are you naked
you are perfect I'm calling now no but I
just feel like FaceTime is very that's
that's stepping a line like I wouldn't
even FaceTime my mom because who knows
what she's doing
like I what is she's in a bathtub the
last thing I want is for her to be like
what's FaceTime and click accept and I
see her boot I see her bubble boobs
nobody wants to see that kidding mom
everybody wants to see that matcom wants
to see that let's update your profile
anyways FaceTime so I'm getting like all
these calls on it in the worst times
when I'm naked when I'm showering when
I'm pooping and checking my Instagram
and you know when you're checking your
Instagram you think here just like
clicking clicking clicking clicking god
I wish there was a dislike button on
Instagram I hate so much of that shit
anyways clicking clicking clicking and
then a FaceTime will pop up and I'm
about to oops oh my god I almost click
except while I'm pooping so guys and the
reason I know they're fans or I hate the
word fan the reason I know there are
stalkers
loyal viewers is because the fucking
names are like sawyers my boo 85 that's
not my dad I don't think if that is my
dad well that explains a lot because
gayness is passed down but side note if
you have my phone number please don't
FaceTime me you're going to catch me
having sex with a dog and then you're
going to screencap it and then it's
going to ruin my life
this is on my agenda Oh side note
totally forgot to talk about this in the
video my podcast is back I know it's
been away for a while we kind of took a
break when we were filming the movie but
the podcast is back and the guest is Bo
Burnham who is a genius and one of my
favorite comedians of all time so I'll
put the link down there SoundCloud
Comstock shame friends me and Bo Burnham
talked about love sex little people and
I think we talked about bronies you
don't know what a brony is I'm not going
to give it away let's go check it out
what else is going on oh the movie
hashtag
Shane Dawson movie is when I say thank
you guys because we just hit over 50,000
people on my email list so because of
that this week I'm going to be sending
out a little email to all of the people
on the list with a little sneak peek of
the movie a little something something
so if you're not on the list please put
the link down there or just go to Shane
movie comm and sign up and this week
you'll be getting an email with some
stuff so I'm very excited and now we're
looking at all your guys's area codes or
zip codes to figure out where you are
and we're kind of them so whenever you
sign up article do this but whenever you
sign up you put your zip code in the
email list and we put them all together
and now we're figure out where the most
people are and we're going to go to
where they are so if you want me to come
see you sign up for the email list or
just FaceTime me because that's a thing
anything else you want to talk about I
don't know I guess that's it it's all
that's on my mind I love you guys
hopefully you enjoy these stupid little
and unedited Monday videos and I'm just
trying it out this week's going to be
fun that we have a lot of crazy shit
going on on this channel this week so
make sure to subscribe
and I love guys and I will see you
tomorrow bye oh my god it's beautiful as
a teen girl this video provided me with
a lot of emotional emotional emotional
feelings that were felt in the fields
area it's really huge
