hey guys welcome to bomb.com where we
talk about everything that's blowing up
on the internet rumor has begun
spreading like mono in a middle school
that Miley Cyrus is doing one of the
worst things Miley Cyrus could ever be
doing bringing life into the world
tabloids are currently claiming that the
pot smoking object licking Miley Cyrus
is with child and no we're not talking
midget backup dancers we are talking a
real-life pregnancy in the uterus this
girl knows how to grab publicity like a
claw machine that works every time so
you have your baby names out there Apple
Moses or maybe it's just one of culture
that's weird
either way this baby's name sure takes
the metaphorical cake or in Gwyneth
Paltrow's home the gluten-free vegan
metaphorical cake okay thank you I'll
call that clear hey I want to publicly
apologize um that's okay I'm fair sorry
I've I've been expecting this and I are
you know what I mean the baby named
April this April Fool's prank is one of
the best I have yet to see and there was
this one time I went to a One Direction
concert as a joke this week on YouTube I
learned that Charles and Ally trippy of
CTFxC are getting a divorce and I can't
say anything about that without sounding
like an absolutely terrible human being
so go buy one of their t-shirts I guess
I also learn something on YouTube that
is basically the opposite of that
Miranda sings best friend Colleen is now
engaged ring those virtual wedding bells
so
that being said Queen my volunteer
would you give me the absolute honor of
spending the rest your life with me
and will you marry as a teen girl this
video provided me with a lot of
emotional emotional emotional feelings
that were felt in the fields area it's
really cute in honor of this I thought I
would show you guys a few great ways to
pop the question and my pop in the
question
I mean proposing not popping somebody in
the face followed by a question hey
honey it's tax season and I can really
use a higher standard deduction you want
to marry me hey couple more questions
one how much wood could would you took
of what your couch would to marry me I
have loved you every day of my entire
life whether or not I even knew it will
you marry me poor you open up you got
answer quick okay
you don't just proposal may have been a
little bit better than mine thank you
guys for watching this adorable episode
of I'm calm hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you did enjoy this episode please give
it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chizel to check
out my latest video which may not have
quite as many feelings as that amazing
proposal but it is a video that you
should watch nonetheless I will see you
next week with a brand new episode of
bomb.com and until then it's all good
and now to Shane for the question of the
day mMmmm
hey what if you guys help you enjoy
better bazzetta bomb calm I sure did
question of the day what youtuber do you
want to get married to I know I'm
supposed to say Joey but I guess I'll
say Lisa all right you guys up yep I
think it does we have bunny with you and
I will see you tomorrow bye
