what's up ah-ah-ah
wait it's like your MA it's like you're
my puppet wait ready hey everyone I want
get in my butt I want it all the time I
wanna get fucked so hard
I need a fuck so hard my shiny so
fucking sexy oh my god you're possessed
sorry I don't know
I'm here with Sawyer Hartman man sadly
what you learn so like Shane doll so I
don't really know what that was that was
you going back in the vagina and open up
wet speaking of wet today we are going
to do something that's going to make me
real dry we're going to read some
riddles and try to figure out what they
mean yeah try to figure out the answers
to riddles is actually what I think you
meant
what is it riddle a riddle is a question
of life so like why am i 25 making
videos on YouTube for children why won't
my penis get hard
why is Gabourey Sidibe still working why
is Gabourey Sidibe still living bones in
washington black why did you just say
Donn's l watch YouTube alright let's
play does it have a baby his name's Enzo
that's a very loud baby that I would
kill here are the rules
first riddle question for both of us is
what gets wetter and wetter the more it
dries you're below my mom's pretty dry
what gets wetter and wetter the more you
dry I was gonna say gobstoppers don't
are you in a wife
oh they just seem wet and then drop but
then you put back your balls in their
wet again all of this is right um
actually I think I know yes I've heard
this one
the wetter and wetter the more it dries
oh it's a one because it's getting wet
while it's drying something you fuck am
i right now yeah
oh Jesus all right here number toast
toast toast
what can you catch but can't throw eight
that's that time to at least be true I'm
just saying I can throw my eggs I throw
my I can pitch my egg talk about
assistance no I'm gonna say what can you
catch enough to I say I'm cold because I
feel like an a a pretty yeah I'm feeling
that whoever made Jonathan didn't put it
a cold I was right to have it I mean I
think three dance I'm really really bad
Riddler maybe it needs some ritalin huh
footage I made a joke you're good your
puppy your real-time give me food and I
live give me water and I die
what am i a person an animal oh never
mind
forgive me give me food and I live give
me water and I die a black person really
they can't drink water no Shana says she
black people hate water as what John
says so do cats maybe it's a cat or
maybe it's a black cat no the racism
give me food and I live give me water
and i dot Gabourey Sidibe I was gonna
say a plant but they need water as food
an iPhone shall we look
look at that B that's a good one you're
gonna live water and I died she thought
a friend of my call my mom my grandma my
grandma is all this kind of shit
I wouldn't call her my Pig - roaming
charge ok what's the answer all right
the answer is a fire a fire was never
alive Jonathan unless you're fired is it
a Cherokee Indian who believes the fire
spirit that's beautiful Thanks I've been
writing that one for a part of the
longer memoir code I don't give a fuck
produced by me my life is called I don't
even have a fuck I would give a fuck
that I know how
you know fucks together alright number
fo the man who made it doesn't want it
the man who bought it doesn't need it
the man who needs it doesn't know it so
what is it
Glee the man who made it doesn't want
that who bought it doesn't need it and
doesn't know it
a poot I don't know why you bought what
exactly he doesn't need it right so if
you may if you poop the poop
you don't Linda look the man who made it
doesn't want it true true Michael the
man who bought it doesn't need it true
so true
the man who needs it doesn't know it
barely knows his own daughter I'm gonna
go through insula lets me alone him I'm
going with poop
another weird if you made it you don't
want to if you bought poop or I would
you need it and if you didn't know you
had to poop way to know a coffin Oh a
coffin lay low hands it's the same thing
I thought that was a skeleton oh yes
alright number five I'm weightless but
you can see me put me in a bucket and
I'll make it lighter what am i air
helium helium you can't see I said it
first
but can you see you I don't know helium
with food coloring in it
wait what is it question I am weightless
but you can see me Lindsay Lohan put me
in a bucket and I'll make it lighter who
not gonna do ya know whatever I can't
see me you're lighter the weightless
dreams Lindsay Lohan's dreams they would
make that bucket go to hell yeah they
wouldn't drag them up and down
I'm gonna go with Amanda Bynes
inspirations I'm gonna actually go to
helium because if you spray healing out
the nozzle you can see it the compressed
air I'm taking a real technical and I
get fog or are but I try a whole
Touche I am weightless but you can see
me put me in a bucket and I'll make it
like a what am i a motherfucking hole
you can see a hole it's weightless
because it's nothing there and it makes
a bucket lighter oh yeah I guess let me
make a bucket lighter make sure to set
Lindsay Lohan for that one alright last
groups out of all boom what has hands
but doesn't clap
Soul Surfer pass oh no that doesn't have
hands but it calms lilo baby Rex which
is also kind of CeeLo green are we right
because that's like oh my god I hope
it's CeeLo green CeeLo green or t-rex
CeeLo Rex o'clock dammit
these are too thought out these are like
good riddles you guys need to like go
use these riddles on your friends but
first like wage your money you know I
mean zucchini lease lease make song I
trying to give our audience like a
little drugs like a normal child or just
make money from this to buy your drugs
to shake on whatever the fuck that what
a question of the day what is so
delicate that saying its name will break
it apart leave comments on the dog that
leave comments down in your vagina with
the answer is what he said on a piece of
paper on bad note hope you got some
unevenness Kevin if you go watch a video
on his channel where we do what we did
like a lie detector thing and we found
out a lot of fucked up shit about you
don't give it away
yeah well come check it out come is the
key word here check it out I'll
subscribe check it out and I will see
you guys tomorrow
yeah I'm gonna do what you do I think
there's one beautiful person right there
he's been here no that's the not
beautiful person say yes I love you bye
he's not answering me that's not good
oh god he's rolling around he's showing
me his ass I think it's a cop oh my god
it's a cop am I gonna go to jail
oh my god I'm gonna go to jail
