my mom heard that I was staying next
door to the Dance Moms dance studio and
she wanted to break in also they heard
that Pittsburgh had the country's
largest Cheesecake Factory and to say
they were excited is an understatement
this is sexy right no damn it but I
already have like 800 pictures on my
facebook that look like this I guess I
could try to smell normally no nevermind
that's uglier hey have you guys yes
today we're gonna be talking about duck
face sis this is what's the plural duck
face duck people geese face no stupid so
yes I'm Shane explains I take a term I'm
looking up on urban dictionary and then
we try to figure out what it means
although I already kind of know what
duck face means it means hey I haven't
had braces yet don't look at my teeth or
hey my eyebrows are drawn on don't look
at those look at my lips
oh let's look up the technical term duck
face a term used to describe the face
you make when you put your lips together
in a combination of a pouch and a pucker
give any impression that you have larger
cheekbones and bigger lips or stupid
facial expression put forth by stupid
women who don't know how to fucking
smile thanks for the dictionary classy
bitch so duck facing has been around
forever now I know it's just term that
has kind of come out in the last few
years but I remember duck facing middle
school with like popular kind of cameras
I know I just blew your kids heads - you
don't know what I just did there you
want me to really blow your minds well
we used to use Polaroid sticker cameras
hello are you still there oh god your
head exploded I freaked you out I'm
sorry let's come back in the future now
I remember duck facing and probably 6th
grade and that was because my teeth were
really really crooked and plus my
parents said I had a rapist smile so I
tried not to smile because you know I
don't want to be found guilty and I
noticed a lot of other kids in my class
would do the same face like for school
pictures for class photos for just
yearbook photos I don't remember any
kids seriously being like or or
it was just a lot of but the weird thing
about duck facing is I think it makes
you look uglier right but why not just
not smile just don't make a face just do
this I mean yeah you look like a sad
prison inmate but at least you don't
look like a sad prison inmate who's mid
stroke or a sad prison inmate who's
being fucked up the ass and just choking
on a lemon and I don't quite understand
why it's called duck face I mean number
one ducks don't have lips
they have beaks right if Quackers fucker
those calls they have these and these
don't look like this they look like this
I can't even fucking to it like that
like that's duck face like is that
attractive like is that gonna bring all
the boys to the yard
probably not I mean honestly not even
just a scent gross but it should
honestly be called the butthole face
that's what butthole looks like you're
making a buckle on your face Buttle and
I see a lot of girls out there who are
prairie-dogging prairie-dogging some of
y'all are full-out bowel movement and
some of y'all are constipated and then I
don't know when the two fingers were
introduced to the butthole face but that
happened a few years ago and that needs
to stop
not only are you offending all Japanese
people you're offending people who do
sign language you're confusing the hell
out up little kids we're playing rock
paper scissors
you're confusing the shit out of people
Joe because these are trying to cut it
out and don't even get me started on the
double fisting and the scariest part of
it is I think duck face is starting to
slowly die and now it's turning into
Miley face which I'm just gonna call
diarrhea your butthole is open the poo
is just spilling outwards and it's just
a dirty hot mess today my goal is to
create the next face an appropriate face
that doesn't look like a bodily function
and doesn't look like you're having a
seizure and somebody needs to call 911
so here's my face get ready for it it's
called I'm not a douche bag and I'm not
trying to steal attention away from
everybody else in the picture did you
get that it's pretty complicated I know
it's really hard you know you've got to
find your inner non douche bag but maybe
if we spread that one
it'll become the next big thing so a
question of the day did you duck face
and if you do stop not really question
more of a demand also leave me a comment
letting me know what you want me to
explain next
I don't you guys have been funny with me
I have fun duck facing with you and I
will see you tomorrow by stopping a dish
he's got an ass or a really strange
looking Adam's apple and he's got a big
black butthole Connor Franta you always
thinking that
