but wait there's more you guys are gonna
be able to watch the process of me
making my first movie from start to
finish
on a new TV show that is coming out this
fall I don't know why I scream that like
Oprah but I did hey what's up you guys
we're gonna do the eating play-doh
challenge yeah I'm so hungry I guess
you're allowed to eat play-doh
apparently it's not lit and free though
no to parents contains wheat okay so
basically what we're going to do is
we're going to think of a youtuber and
we're gonna make them real fast in a lot
of time and then we'll have to try to
guess who the other person's is at what
point should I wash my hair because you
should barely washed it days ago perfect
yeah
all right so here we go Thank You tanner
oh it's time were thing yes otherwise we
could be here all day nobody wants that
be in a minute
wish we could just time our life you
know cut it down to 30 seconds perfect
all right here we go
and go now mine can be so good okay
there's no way you're not gonna get it
sure are taking a lot of time we don't
have that much how much more tens we get
30 seconds oh shit this is impossible
not when your master like me ten seconds
five four three two all right ready set
go show what is bad who is this okay
there's fish in her hair there's black
dildos everywhere well I didn't have
time there's huge lips I have no idea
I miss ears he's got an ass or a really
strange looking Adam's apple and he's
got a big black butthole Connor Franta
you always thinking that I know I know
it's Sawyer
yes really cuz that's his dog or the
camera he's taking a selfie in the
mirror and
to the ABS that's pretty good thanks I'm
awesome at this game all right
think a little bit harder about who this
could be there's not fish in her hair
Michelle Phan know Michelle Phan doesn't
have blonde hair sometimes she does and
she does her weird look
it's jenna Marbles cuz sometimes she has
pink in her hair and she's got two dogs
those are dogs and I'm sorry she's gonna
kill herself in Jeezy's act all right
next one gonna put the colors back don't
push it all together oh no hmm all right
you were a nightmare Fred can never in a
teacher I imagine all right go how you
doing over there I ended done don't look
I'm looking time that no it's not that's
done right okay I'm done the hell is
that
that's nothing yes what is that it's a
face it old Chinese man with little
Chinese hat who that oh my god is it
really an Asian person but that's not
Chinese haveth hair hey hey guy yeah you
are so racist that wasn't recess I
literally a face with hair the eyes'll
Squinkie no I didn't I just went like
this well I was more creative
I went all out side the box you went for
like Oh Andy Warhol version yeah what
was purple oh I know it's hilar Oakley
so I did purple and white hair cuz like
girl never knows you can really never
and which it up
yeah the glasses yeah he has a little
pouty sassy smirk that's real cute all
those pictures like this that's right
thanks I'm really good at this all right
last one I'm gonna set the time I say
I'm gonna set the time be this is this
is the serious one all right ready go
this is gonna mean I masterpiece 30
seconds done times tickin 20 19 18 hurry
nine eight seven six five four three two
time yeah done go first I think I know
about your six here's mine I have no
idea okay big it hits home there was a
brown option so I used black that's your
pick
this is the same as that this is the
same as that you're not I mean I don't
know this is what Brown but what is it
hair and this is the same brown skin no
brown jacket
no brown you once you taste honey you
know what you see as much hair so this
is that same thing hair q you I just
wanna rub you but still web you well
mine is better mine it looks like this a
bunch of trolls which I'm guessing is Oh
- mmm yeah all they're not trolls second
of all so they're all shirtless
no the same haircut and they're all
holding vlogging cameras it was so easy
to make that's so cute five of them 100
my guys are six of them Ellie came up
Connor Franta
I wish there was 12 of them well you
guys go that was our play-doh challenge
leave a comment letting us know who you
think won cuz I think it was me it was
definitely it was me I was so great I
mean it was oh it was me you guys have
any idea if you want to check us out
doing the more of this but we're doing
the celebrity face what you try to say
oh - well and me are not celebrities go
over to my channel thank you guys I'll
see you tomorrow I am first of all we
need to talk about what's happening I
feel like you need an intervention
I feel like you're like losing your mind
like Amanda Bynes
