you guys are going to freak the fuck out
for this movie it's so funny it's so
good it's so heartfelt and the cast is
fucking so amazing every single one of
them and I'm so proud that they are in
my movie I could not have done it
without my awesome producer Lauren she's
been with me through the good the bad
and the really fucking ugly well look
who is sitting just deviously that'll
work
deviously devilishly demonically
insidiously on my couch first of all we
need to talk about what's happening I
feel like you need an intervention I
feel like you're like losing your mind
like Amanda Bynes like first you leave
me for the holidays you didn't take me
with you
I'll just left and I was all alone and I
was like underneath the Christmas tree
naked with a bow on the crotch like
waiting for you know I'm Mariah Carey
blasting hollow Christmas Joey Joey
where you at where you at where you wet
and then nothing
where the hell were you been somebody
else's house you were Sawyer's house is
that where you were I know it I know it
you know what you're the reason I'm
celebrate Kwanza 'no you change my
religion so sad that's your computer
desktop is real dirty I just haven't
been yeah that's insane I'm not gonna
get you close because I'm sure there's
naked pictures but that's a crazy same
person this better worse trust me
so okay what's happening so you're
starting to look like me and that's
scary how but you're starting to look
like first of all damn sound more scared
second what I can evolve you're starting
to sound like you're starting to look
like me when I'm starting to just be
like you know what I'm done with life oh
just there's like a little bit if I'm
done with life what's happening okay
good I'm glad you come I'm done you're
done with life yeah oh is this it yeah
this our last video yeah oh my god show
a funeral Oh rest in peace
oh that video go viral rest in peace
shall we done boom put it up
no so what's that you're changing
yourself you're wearing flannel this is
my thing I'm gonna let you do it okay
because you got it is winter damn out
right now and it is cold at some points
in the day so I voice got to keep his
body heat in
and a flannel shirt in those shoes those
are different usually wear like some
pretty little just tap shoes and now you
got on like what are these man shoes I
don't even know you worry but I've had
these for a few months now get with it
well there's like a lumberjack feel
there's I mean the the facial hair
what's happening with this what was this
a choice this was a choice that I made
okay what made you make it I just wanted
to see what it looked like Anna you know
it's something I liked how so is it
going to stay forever no just for winter
cuz cold see yeah that's my excuse Gail
I like my whole body is just like real
hair cuz like it's cold you know like
I'm just keeping in there like I'm gonna
get rid of it that's not true I'm not
going to wait so are you not getting rid
of any hair anywhere like because it's
winter in a braid so are you like you're
stockpiling hair oh that's beautiful
what are you gonna do with your head are
you gonna change your address your
haircut to say hmm what is it going to
be bald
we need a funeral for that hair we need
a show we we need a Joey a this is so
sad I feel like you're changing I miss
the old Joey I do I miss the old Joey
who made videos on winterspring Pro and
who who liked pokey bonds I live until
and all that other weird gay Asian
Japanese shit that you loved
I miss that Joey not this I'm never
going back to get the fuck over bitch
asking gas motherfucking ho I feel like
that was not toward me but toward angry
fans haha Phil you were holding that in
and I just let you let it out you're
welcome you're welcome so we're about to
film a video and oh you still haven't
change you still got your fancy hats
water bottle you could take you could
you could take the fancy on the
lumberjack but you can take the water
out of this hand and now we're gonna
film the video and then hopefully it's
gonna go great hopefully I'm gonna be
able to see all that hair yeah I was in
the bushes a camp rock you know what I'm
saying
I signed up for camp I was a camp
counselor you know what I'm saying we
need s'mores I don't even know what that
means but you know what I'm saying
