- Bob calm or we talk about everything
I'm just blowing up on the internet huh
say her to a mama bear and her cubs or a
homeless man and his tinfoil hat parents
can be overprotective I'm sure you've
heard before not to cough or sneeze on
babies so here's some proof that is a
completely valid request baby's going
down I'm yelling timber it's nothing new
we've seen probably about every other
youtuber who has a million subscribers
go skydiving but this skydiver manages
to do something extraordinary
he untangles his parachute moments
before reenacting a Jackson Pollock
painting
to think I can't even untangle this is
that engagement ring this week on
YouTube
I learned that Joey Graceffa is
officially engaged what oh my gosh
Joanie this is all so sudden I have
proved I accept it I love you so much
Joanie well it's a vigil we're getting
engaged so at times like this you may be
wondering how to get your very own
significant other just like Miranda like
a pothead talking about wearing shoes
don't worry about it I'm going to teach
you how to get your very own
relationship you're welcome hey guys
it's sexy Lexi 12 here and today I'm
gonna be teaching you how to get a
boyfriend so the first step in getting a
boyfriend is you're gonna want to wear
lots of jewelry because everybody knows
that guys are really into haolegirl
accessorizing so the second set in
getting a boyfriend is you're going to
want to make yourself look as
presentable as possible you're gonna
want to put on makeup as much makeup as
you can find and then you're also gonna
wear good clothes like me I wear these
clothes and they're really good
so the third zap and getting a boyfriend
is you're gonna want to find you guys
set a boy now boys can be really really
hard to find so for me what I usually do
to find a boys I'll go to a place where
boys usually hang out such as outside a
Sports Authority or in the sales section
of an Urban Outfitters and then once
you've found the boy you're going to
want to um um you
you know what's hot to them is what my
parents said because talking is the
basis for a bad relationship they should
know they've been together for more
years than I've even been alive which is
basically before the beginning of time
and they never talk to each other it's
perfect so there you go now you know
everything that she needs to know in
order to find a boyfriend or a boy for
short what does it really count unless
it has a tumblr tag thank you for
watching this romantic episode of
bomb.com hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you did enjoy this episode please be
sure to give it a thumbs up and head on
over to youtube.com slash Alexis rizal
to check out my latest video where I
talk about a bunch of crazy mixed-up
things you are going to want to hear and
watch with your eyes I will see you next
week with a brand new episode of bob
calm and until then good and now to
Shane for the question of the day
hey what's up you guys hope you had fun
hanging with us we had fun hanging with
you question of the day what youtuber do
you want to marry listen Joey can marry
whoever he wants
but just know at the end of the day I'm
gonna be breaking into whatever house
you're living in and steal you and take
you back to mine I'm kidding I would
take you to my basement PS I know you
guys were missing Shoei
and don't worry Joe he's coming back
show he's making a big return here's the
second question of the day what do you
want to see shall we do I mean we've
done a lot we're kind of out of ideas
we've basically fucked our camera so I
don't know what else to do
let me know down in the comments and I
hope you guys have but I will see you
tomorrow
hey all its be ever at y'all you're a
good boy oh my god wait I'm Joey inside
of me
