and then we started making the movie and
I'm gonna be honest day one was a dream
come true I got my name on one of those
sleep thingies at a professional makeup
artist cover up all my nasty open sores
and pimples and she made me look like
the prettiest lesbian Pittsburgh yeah I
was pretty fucking hot Wow hey what's up
you guys so I am just chilling with my
hippo I'm doing what we do basically not
showering and eating our feelings and
talking to ourselves oh and watching
Wendy Williams repeats on YouTube what
are you doing or better yet how you
doing all my Wendy fans out there so
today I decided to do something a little
bit different because usually on this
channel I put up really crazy vlogs
whether it's a lot of editing and a lot
of music and a lot of sound effects but
once in a while it's nice to I just
picked up pube and I flicked it over
there so letting you know that just
happened and it's right there anyways
umm once in a while I like to and
there's another one right there
surrounded by pubes probably from my arm
sexy you know didn't think so
once in a while I like to make a vlog
where I'm just chilling with you guys
cuz you know you're like my friends
there's a shoe growing out of my
shoulder somebody give me my own show on
TLC the boy with his shoe shoulder
coming this fall right after the little
midgets with cancer and the girl with
ten heads and no parents gotta love TLC
today I just want to talk about a few
things you know I I made that video my
main channel if you haven't seen it why
the fuck haven't you watched it yet
but I mean that video my main channel
about my movie and I'm excited I'm
really excited you know one other thing
about the email list so if you didn't
watch that video fuck you
I'm kidding I love you oh my god don't
leave me the email list
Shane movie.com you go there you sign up
for it you just give your email it's
free you'll get a link to a vlog that's
never been
seen before and also throughout the the
next few months sir I guess the next up
until September I'm gonna be sending out
emails from me to you with pictures and
vlogs and a bunch of stuff that I did
during the movie shoot that you can only
see if you're on the email list but more
importantly I want to go on tour
not like Britney Spears well she's not
really on tour she's just stuck in one
place dyeing her hair a million times
because that's a sign of psychotic
behavior what was I talking about
Oh going on to her it was anybody -
sorry sidenote Britney said in 2008 if
she ever does her hair brown it means
she's in a different personality and
she's going toward a psychotic break she
just had her hair black and nobody's
saying anything I feel like I need to
say something
Britney get help what the fuck was I
talking about this is why I don't do
these vlogs cuz I get off-track email
lists so I want to go on tour you know
the movies the movies gonna come out and
hit and sound like I said boobies but is
it gonna come out in September also the
movies gonna come out in September in
theaters and stuff but I thought it
would be fun if I went on tour and what
two different cities and met you guys
and showed you the movie and watched it
with you and you know I don't know I
thought that would be fun so what I need
is if you want that you have to sign up
for the email list you have to go and
sign up because I'm gonna see what city
has the most emails that only makes
sense I'm not gonna go to like but fuck
Alabama where I got no emails from and
then I'm gonna go to a screening where
there's gonna be one KKK member and he's
gonna be like hey Shane big fan and I'm
gonna be like oh I gotta go so yeah sign
up for the email list and I will be
emailing you directly asking you what
city you're in so we can like get this
tour going I'm excited man I'm so pumped
about the movie I'm so excited we made a
movie ok I'm gonna stop talking about
that because I don't want to over talk
about it I went on Twitter asking you
guys what you wanted me to talk about in
this little unedited vlog
for the most part you guys wanted me to
talk about the whole YouTube sex scandal
thing going on I don't want to talk too
much about that because I don't want to
piss anybody off and long story short a
couple of youtubers might have raped a
couple girls so my thoughts on that are
it is not good so there you go if you
don't know what I'm talking about then
you have not been on Twitter in the last
month because it is a girl has taken
over my Twitter feed you know what else
has taken over my Twitter feed people
calling Liam Payne fat it's terrifying
that I actually know his full name god
how old am i he's not fat I'm very
confused is he fat am i fat I'm fat if
he's fat he's fat I need to be on I
really need my own TLC show called
Shane's a whale hashtag it doesn't get
better it gets bigger hashtag girl he
gets way bigger because he's not fat
unless he is fat I don't think he's fat
oh God
yikes you know what it is you know what
it is I had to deal with this when I
turned 20 like 22 you know a lot of
little kids not saying you guys are
little kids cuz a lot of you guys are
not little kids but a lot of little
girls out there who are obsessed with
one direction don't understand what
being a man is they see like really
young and especially nowadays with all
these youtubers taking their fucking
shirts off and they are like 10 years
old and they're like look at my chest
and they're like 10 year old boys and
they're like ooh let's throw maple syrup
on each other and answer questions it's
the gayest thing I've ever seen my life
well besides the gay stuff that I do on
my channel which is probably even gayer
than that but these girls has he's had
these expectations that these teen guys
are gonna stay little boys forever but
guess what
Liam Payne is probably my age or maybe a
couple years younger and guess what
he's gonna grow up he's gonna get hairy
he's gonna get thick not fat thick he's
gonna get tall and he's gonna turn into
a dad so just have fun while you can
girls because your precious little
directions
One Direction members are gonna turn
into dads and you're not gonna want to
fuck them anymore so have fun with that
I mean look at me I'm practically a dad
I'm practically a grandpa you see the
hairiness that's happening the thickness
that's happening you look how thick I am
look at that arm that's not muscle
that's thick a straight-up thickness I
got a new shirt
you notice probably sad that you
actually did notice because I only wear
one shirt on this channel and you're
like oh it's not that shirt it's a
different one
maybe that's enough feel like I've
talked enough so yeah I love you guys so
much I'm so excited about the movie and
I'm so excited about this year I just
feel like it's gonna be a fucking good
year and the TV show is gonna be awesome
that's going to come out in September
you guys are gonna love it and and yeah
go to Shane movie come give me your
email I'll send you nudes and it's free
by the way did I tell you that I
probably did and I'm gonna be honest I'm
nervous I'm nervous you know if there's
a lot of pressure for this movie to do
well a lot of people are expecting it to
do well they want to put in theaters
because I think people are actually
going to see it and I'm scared and I'm
hoping if we get enough emails the
company's funding this movie will be
like oh people do like Shane if none of
you guys give their emails they're gonna
be like oh just that one KKK member in
Alabama I hope he buys a million copies
of this movie because if not then we
lost all of our money I'm sorry I
shouldn't be telling you guys about the
pressure you should be hearing that that
Fela guys are my friends my family so I
feel like I can tell you anything
anyways I love you guys so much I'm
gonna go I hope you funding with me -
hang with you leave me a comment letting
me know number one
do you think I'm bad I'm kidding uh
seriously why do you think of that
number one what do you want me to talk
about in my next boring unedited vlog
give me a topic number two
if you signed up for the email list
leave a comment down there saying you
owe me a blowjob and I will give you one
over the internet not in real life
because that is only going all right I'm
gonna go say goodbye hippo he's so shy
you're so fat sorry that did I didn't
mean it oh god no that's terrible Katie
oh okay I'm like that one
oh girl watch your head
