so what are you guys having kids never
Wow
not even definitely ygg mom you know
definitely no kids on my team she
stopped taking birth controls I'm trying
to figure out why don't i graph we are
here on during one selling out slash
probably going to ruin our relationship
to lash doing exactly what you said you
never would when you announced we were
dating yes let me once again explain why
am i clapping why am i angry i know when
i originally posted instagram of Mia
Hamm for the first time I was like
listen I specifically said don't worry I
don't want to exploit this or new
boyfriend tag literally did a boyfriend
tag like a week later or any of that
dumb shit I still stand by that but I
feel like now that I know for sure I'm
not jumping you like what I'm kidding
no I had myself figured you did it I
actually did do you not know about that
I told you about this what will you look
scared what hey like maybe a month into
the relationship I was so nervous
because I was just like you're gonna
leave me why are you with me and that
annoying good girl so then I got like
paranoid so I trying to catch you what
they're my toys if you use a different
profile and partly her that and make
sure I was the same person are you when
you say like that sounds crazy no but
here's what I actually did I went on to
another dating app and I found you and
this is and I was just like hey sexy
what are you doing and I was like if he
replies then oh my god I can't trust him
but you never reflect oh okay so we
actually did not meet on tinder we met
on something called bumble the bumble is
like not as relevant as her so we're
going to be staying tinder let's open up
the app okay so I think first we should
show them our profiles forgot you first
okay
so here's mine so I'm like that's just
like a classy like I work out that's
actually a great photo of you
really your well trimmed your hair looks
good can you see the pimple that I face
too good no well then it never happened
let's go to the next one that was
slightly more sexual in my opinion like
that's like me on top of you
that's me showing you that I'm on top of
you if you know what I'm saying
so you're a bottom you wish this is my
next one I like this one because I look
tired you have a really good face that
is the nicest thing you've ever said to
me the more you look at my face though
the more I look like a cartoon elephant
not that I'm saying I'm fat because I
don't find this picture don't worry I
tuned I I don't think you to your
Facebook maybe the Walmart honey I'm a
professional next picture so that's the
picture it made you're in Trish I'm
going to give it real I have a did not
putting this one on because I didn't
want it to look like what they know
famous people but it was more like I
thought my neck looked good and I
thought it looked like there was already
a dick in it it just like protrude
Runyan I feel like my steering now right
now dinner okay does that trigger you
okay so this is a picture of me and my
dog the dog looks terrified
it looks like held me I hate my owner so
I felt like that was it good like hey if
we start dating we're going to get an
animal and it's gonna hate me what
happens psychics Windsor quaking last
one is me holding a bottle of hot sauce
which is you that is honestly you mean
Victor I let's go to your eggs I really
like somebody oh wait what were you
saying what's your bio thick it says I
like movies food jokes and people who
aren't afraid to be themselves if you
have a dog or have the screen trilogy
box set that's a plus I had neither and
you had no jokes and you didn't like
them so it was a problem I like to know
jokes though all right let's say your
profile so my first photo is a car
selfie that literally looks like you're
in a Christian rock group like
it worked for you because I'm fucked up
to me I was just like yes yes fucking
amen
get on your knees press my next photo is
of me and my friend we're playing beer
pong like I would dress see this was my
problem with your profile every picture
was a different person
first we have like a weird youth
minister who's like want to play heads
up stepping up and I'm like bitch yet
second photo I have like a bro drink
beer like talks like this my hair is
done way to you're nice to make it seem
like I actually drink that beer next
this is me looking super douchey this
also doesn't look like you this looks
like somebody who says they're only gay
if they get paid for it yeah and it's
also it looks like I'm 30 pounds heavier
than I am that's what I like I like a
bitch and then my last red oh I gotta go
in Spanish I gotta go he's doing so many
Thais day he of us said no because of
this boat I fucking hate shirtless
pictures I hate people who take turns
and it whenever I showed my friends your
profile I would like not show that one
week there's one morning like does not
delete fucking grows out the window guys
did why did you think this also have
like it did you set this up on a tripod
I think I did ah with this for a dating
app wasn't or I don't know you look like
a sad out-of-work actor who's like
Disney I'm still around and they're like
you're 30
let's go through a conversation this is
going to get really dark let's have sex
you music here we go Ryan hey man hello
how are you doing so just to let you
guys know when I said Vineland with an
exclamation point I was saying that as
if like I know who you are I know You
Know Who I am because long story short
we had a mutual friend
so like I'm assuming he knows when right
so I said cuz it sort of exclamation
point this melon antennas
I'm afraid of lily and I coulda sworn
that we just met me at some point but
maybe we didn't anyways we're not like
you so embarrassed that I gave you that
explanation Morgan's been shot something
I don't get I died you didn't know who I
was I thought you were over enthusiastic
about talking to me and I
this is awkward because I actually have
seen this person before all right kick
on okay let's go crazy you know I hate
that okay I said I'm laughing at you
possibly taking back your initial
explanation market yeah I was going to
clock that one cuz I was like
explanation no my technically good I
said ahahaha I was feeling like that was
an oh I've seen you but also wasn't sure
you knew anyways Lilly did show me the
video you guys made on your channel it
was something so here's what happened I
did a video with a youtuber named Lilly
and it was real gross so then I put a
tooth brush up my ass I use the plunger
one but I I started to sit on air
through what I get your ass I uh yes so
that was the first video hit seen of me
okay let's continue Oh God the fact that
you saw that video and then blocked me
as Miss ass is an actual miracle ha ha
honestly I think that fix women or point
anyway I instantly felt like a
twelve-year-old girl after I hit Send
and as a hot no take-backs
we are so fucking flirty yo forever be
known as the man who reached out to me
with an explanation
honestly it's better than referring to
me as the guy that ensemble yes nobody
wants the fun luckily for us I can say
we magically met at work when you came
into film beauty break and we lived
happily ever after
now I feel like you're mocking me with
your use of exclamation marks but in
time I can take it can we be cheap can
we bring them out on cheese day I feel
like that slightly sexier by the way
another sight note cheat day is a show
on YouTube where people eat was a gross
news dim in first Oh
show where everyone left his bar right
after they film perfect this is it quote
we both ran to the bathroom together and
share this stall he was just so sweet
and then after I wipe the warm chunks of
vomit off my lips I think this was going
to leave it looking for a fuck no I was
looking for honey
he looked over at pants that have sex
and words of my heritage back I had to
push back because I didn't want to give
positive it is but I started pushing it
back every day after that and now every
time I throw up which is a lot I think
of him I'm funny you were going on it I
continued by saying I'm pretty sure next
time you throw up for real you're gonna
think of me I was going to reference
Mean Girls with the hair push back thing
but I didn't know if that was like
uncool or something violent
you're cool in my book see that's my
thing that I do that's lame I like you I
get like watch Jegs you're cool in my
book period is a little bit du Shi kou
my book week it felt like you were an
example that's the point and I do not
look sexy with my hair but it don't
censor your teen movie references I'm a
fan of all TV's but if you don't know
the records you know it's not going to
win via text and then recovery is much
more difficult for the leave oh you have
no room for taking up my wedding skills
you're overanalyzing shit you're like
well here's the thing about references
you put my dick to sleep my dick is dead
can I be really off to my photo that
night you know why I didn't miss when he
was secret what why learn to read what I
think I told you this I was talking to
you I was dating somebody else
and I hated them not a mean way they
were just actual the fucking words and I
didn't know how to get out of it so I
went back on combo while I was still
dating this person and then I was
writing you while I was like I had just
finished fucking them and then I was
like cleaning off while I was writing
you and being funny I was like rolling
over in my bed to turn the light off
I like rolling over in somebody else's
baby fuck you I would never put you in
such a player here's the thing I'm not
here's what happened I'm gonna keep it
super real here's right I go on a date I
don't like them but they say something
nice to me and then I'm like okay
they're nice to me so then I date them
for like a long time and
I have to wait till like something bad
happens in my mouth we're in our first
day I are speak very rarely maybe not
the nicest I think that's what you liked
about know that's what I love I'm still
sick of nice people I'm skipping some of
this but basically I said wow we're
killing the bumble game what time's your
bedtime I said we're basically bubble
gold a house shook I said tonight it was
a hard 11 and you ruined that the day so
long yeah I tend to do that
I'm basically a life ruiner pretty sure
there's another mean broke records hey
you're well yeah god I hit myself we're
gonna get married
can we just share it's made for the best
men and women I say fumble goals yeah I
feel like we could get it sponsored
wedding and I said maybe they can even
live stream the ceremony on bumble isn't
that crazy that we were already planning
our wedding as I was if somebody else's
house asking where's your diet coke so I
could take one I said we can brainstorm
the details of our wedding tomorrow I've
got to go to bed but don't worry I'll be
back for you that's sexual got a sexual
that's it don't die in your sleep or do
a bubble funeral is also a great idea
that's so rude and then get nice over
right I leave no I'm a given Sun shader
than a what I don't think I actually
wasn't but I go home I go to bed wake up
and do you know me French did you start
planning my funeral yet no I forgot you
existed and then I remembered you're my
husband so I slapped it everybody here
my husband's I slapped a stranger's dick
out of enough and kick them out of the
car
I'm very loyal and I just can't me reply
bang oh thank god was he at least cute
he was very unattractive but it's hard
to say because I've never looked at my
dad in that way before
I guess he's cute oh yeah I had a hard
time getting past which the fuck is
wrong with me
can we also get a pet together right
away something very high statement we
did it as a Jesus as far as the pet goes
I'm on board as long as it's cute and we
take him or her everywhere we go with
that
fuck now fuck off also I'm not going to
be home during the day to take care of
it so that's up to you day I knew it I
knew you were the first one to call me
Dad one time the first time that we have
eggs you called me daddy no yes you did
it no yeah I take you down and you were
in the county my mom is B she get she is
a daddy
I broke shout out to bring up car let's
get to the good stuff
oh this is a really long one let's read
it I am only up at the moment because I
have an incredibly small bladder and I
see 85 times a night I see this being an
issue as you don't like to be disturbed
while sleeping true I think it's
solution to this problem of just get a
giant empty gatorade bottle next to the
side of a bed for me to relieve myself
into what are they talking about also
I'd like you to know that I'm very low
maintenance but I do wear a sleeping
mask and I sent this picture a mouse
guys still use it is so gross and dirty
and I scoured the internet with my new
replacement I found the last new mask on
the play that's the same and he doesn't
wear it
he wears a little gross dirty one
because it has history and also you
still peed bottles you pee in sinks you
pee in the most disgusting places ever
and I'll never get over it a couple
coats and then I said also I'd like you
to know for my next message
it'll be an in-depth review of your
Instagram photos I look to your page
last night and it brought up a lot of
questions for example I really hope you
played baseball because they seems to
own a lot of baseball tees a little bit
later is that I see we're rocking a new
profile photo I thought we were playing
a bumble wedding but I see you looking
for a new man you know I change my phone
up watch for you really I thought that
was a sure sign that you're trying to
get everyone else attention no I wanted
you to see because the photo I use the
four old like oh I want him to remember
me and I want you to be like ooh that's
new
well it works and then I said all throws
away from my Instagram breakdown that
was previously promised okay I said I
changed it for you baby I just want to
make you happy I know you love blue
walls that's true I do okay I'll give
you a review send me a picture and I'll
give you my in-depth analysis but I'm
warning you I tend to drag bitches on
the concrete as the children say I
thought I just can't send one photo then
you would think that one photo
represents my entire god
you blame all my I'm not a comedian so I
when did we move to talking in real life
I said I've gotta brush my teeth and
wash my face maybe think of a good
bedtime story while I'm gone then I said
side note I'm headed to a late dinner
with a friend text me whenever
so I can stop using this fucking app I
thought here's how the rest of the story
went he texted me I wrote back and then
I love pictures I love getting pictures
so I was like what are you doing and
then he'd be like nothing laying in bed
early send me a picture so then you try
to send me pictures into you I don't
know if you notice I think of all of
them
all my music yes I painted all of them
okay so I'm going to show you the first
one so this is the first picture you
ever sent me to my phone and it's a
shirtless piece of you in a mess now
when I got this
obviously I'm like oh he's shirtless but
what was more tricky to me was the
background was leaned in and I saw how
fucking messy and insane his room was
and that was the first red flag although
we got in a fight about six months later
about me being messy you should have no
I know it's just you're so messy it's
fucking Corey I am NOT that method
you're an FCS bondage again you know I
just have clothes all over the place
with food in them clothes you're wigging
me Liam oh you're right then you said
this one this is like the first time you
sent me kind of like a sweet sexy one
where I was like is she going to keep
ahead of his dick oh so then I said to
you I don't even know if you remember
this you definitely don't have it
because why would you give it I send you
a picture of my dick but it was covered
by a diet
beer can remember no you don't remember
that that was a good picture
I'd say chewing my dick a lot no let him
own facts I've never said to dude I
don't agree with that statement I think
you sent me a dick pic before no that's
not fair I sent you like a hundred ha ha
ha ha oh I like this one so this was
just like a sweet little light look at
me laying in my trash when you can
laying on my dirty now are you all order
one dozen pillow
I'm working on my dick all over
straighten alright let's end it on the
final picture and this is the first
picture we ever took together
well that'll never sink that's probably
the second after we started like yeah oh
my god fucking hotel bye guys go that
was our love story kind of you can
bumble bumble of thunder when I know God
helpfully you enjoyed that
can you mess I'm just happy were still
together after that yeah and make sure
to go over to his channel check it out
because he did a whole video about his
nude pics leaking which is literally all
because of me because I asked for them
the Pentagon subscribe and give this
video a thumbs up if you want more weird
videos of us ruining our relationship
I'll try to set my channel right down
below to the notifications about new
years everybody day off you guys try try
go right that was so good good job no I
know there's a joke like I'll see you
tenderers tomorrow up indoors I'll see
you come wrack my Riley's mom and dad
are you doing me you look at oh my god
we'll give you like what why using it
but you know like shook is open don't
ever use that not ironic okay
oh that's my bad oh my god you're good
ah my throne is been shaken
Oh
