then we started on the four week process
of pre-production which basically means
casting finding locations fixing up the
script and of course testing out the
barf cannon yeah I'm gonna win a fucking
Oscar I'm just gonna let you guys know
it's gonna get real creepy today
creepier than he usually gets and it
gets creepy creepier than watching a
Britney Spears performance from the year
2000 and then watching one from the year
2013 what happened to her
who sucked out her brain what alien took
over her body yeah that creepy today we
are gonna play a game called naughty
classroom the hot teacher supposedly
it's a game about a teacher who has sex
with the students which never happened
to me I had a teacher who liked to show
me her big mole on her bicep she would
also show me how the mole got bigger
when she flexed she also had challenged
me to armwrestling because she thought I
was a big strong girl that she would
always win anyways let's go back to the
game shall we
Oh sexy music perfect music for some a
legal teacher action this bitch is going
to jail okay so what do I do I wait
there's a story yeah I want to know the
story remember that hot teacher even a
crush on in high school no no you know
what though a special ed teacher though
I liked her wig a lot like I had wig
Envy for that bitch the subject of your
adolescent dreams I dreamt about food a
lot I was about it and my special ed
teachers wig the only teacher who could
get your undivided attention in class he
had to have a problem with that because
I had ADHD and I was on medication so I
was really like focused presenting our
mouth-watering version of the ultimate
teacher goddess here's your chance to
fulfill your oats in a childhood fantasy
my fantasy was to jump in a swimming
pool full of Taco Bell burritos and
spaghetti so unless you begin that
motherfuckers that piece alright let's
play what's happening is she teaching
about venereal disease as that's
interesting
what
on time okay I clicked on it nothing's
happening hello I click on her fan oh I
see what's about to happen
oh we all got banana
we're all thinking about bananas I don't
think we're thinking about bananas I
don't think that's what that means
oh let's make her cry why'd I do that
wait she's still quite shut up stop
crying I don't know what to do oh here's
a hint hint chalk box plus cockroach
equals woo hoo what chalk box plus
cockroach okay shock box
whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo I see what they
meant
here touch the balls I'm gonna give it
oh my I just killed the frog how is that
sexy what fantasy is this he's not even
oh I see what's happenin so we've had
the big buy bananas oh my god she just
showed her nipples what is that don't
shock oh wait what what just happened
she's so mad at me I didn't do anything
she kind of looks like my mom I'm
uncomfortable nickname sdz sure why not
we'll do some realistic ask boobies
that's not realistic although she kind
of looks like she has scoliosis which is
fine that's what I find attractive in a
teacher a teacher who needs help up the
stairs you know what I'm saying let's
play one more time because I don't quite
understand I just hit her in the face
and it's not I'm not trying I'm sorry
can I come for her I'm sorry girl shut
up bitch trying to get some teacher
buzzing Oh hint the leg plus wind chime
equals sneer tear a wind chime hello I'm
clicking on it nothing's happening
cockroach oh oh oh oh okay wait chalk
box plush cockroach so I had the
cockroach and then I I think he just ate
the cockroach I don't think that's what
was supposed to happen
oh I seen aunt Fannie we think about
banana wait bucket
frog falls jock fan chalk time bucket
everything everything's happening this
like final destination I want that wind
chime to drop on this bitch's head
openness alright fuck damn it
Oh Oh oops is this it is this all that's
happening cuz I'm getting a little bored
Katy Perry H is a game I want to see
what that is you make generic music and
you can't sing it lies I already do that
I'm just kidding I can sing live ready
my super low blue alright here we go
let's play
oh hello Katy what am i doing hairstyle
oh god oh god no that's terrible Katy oh
okay I like that one
oh girl why should we head alright we'll
just stay with that one that's classy
her accessories we're gonna give her
what does that Oh balls in her hair
that's perfect foundation we gonna make
our little bit darker woah it won't let
me do any more all right on that note
I'm done well there you guys go that was
me playing naughty classroom in the Katy
Perry game both of which were creepy
disturbing and kinda boring but they
both made me think about bananas I'm
hungry I think I have you haven't things
me anything with you ladies a comment
let me know what you want me to play
next time and I'll see you tomorrow good
bye
keepin about bananas if all those fails
I can always masturbate to a smiling
black man a Latina businesswoman a cool
Asian and some lights my masturbation
does not discriminate that's so racist
no it's fucking awesome while mine is
literally eating shit
