I am sitting on my that's what we're
doing you guys have so much in common
this is already I'm just gonna leave the
room have fun guys yay magical yeah
whoring her out like dina Lohan and
Michael Lohan
and she's our Lindsay love yeah yeah I'm
gonna feed you liquor until you burn it
I'm just gonna vomit on you hey I got it
yes we are here about to play a game but
first look at our news Hutchins
this is corney's new merch go check it
out if you want cuz a link down there
I'm not getting any money from this
because this is Lisa's merch coin he's
gonna get all the money it's going to
Courtney's college fund so help support
her she needs to get out of this town oh
she needs to get the fuck out of here
she doesn't want to end up like her
parents right right she's shaking she's
terrified so we're gonna play cards
against humanity' you guys wanted me to
play this and I'm gonna be honest I
don't know how and I've never played it
the box looks like a sex game yes I'm
excited about that
it also says that you could play with up
to 4 17 people ok sorry 4 to 20 people
holy shit wait do we need more than to
be both ways I have 18 personalities
we're fine fair enough ages 17 it up oh
my god we just made it and it takes 30
to 90 minutes to over we got to play 30
90 minutes worth all right we'll do our
own version all right so our own version
is two players 5 and up and we'll do it
for like three minutes then you compete
you so there's white cards and black
cards what are the black cards I guess
we'll find out something that we don't
have because we're always in debt
alright so there's more white card than
our black card so I'm guessing the black
card is like a topic okay I'm assuming
this is like apples to apples craze
already bored I'm thrilled all right
first black part is next season on man
vs. wild bear Gillis must survive in the
depths of the Amazon with only Blanc and
his wits I think we're supposed to fill
it in okay then we must both get white
cards so here take some white cards and
I'll take some white card
and then I guess we picked the funniest
one okay next season a man versus wild
bear gorillas must survive the depths of
Amazon with only blink and his wits
it's got mine got mine oh I got it you
guys can play with us we're gonna reveal
our answers and you guys tell us who's
your better who okay that's good idea I
put next he's a man versus wild bear
Gillis must survive in the depths of the
Amazon with only revenge fucking and his
wits
oh my god I know he's gonna fuck those
bears mmm all right why's that next he's
on man worse crimes bear gorillas must
have survived the deaths of bands out
with only his sexy Siamese twins and his
wits that threesomes gonna be hot I like
my better I mean obviously I like my
matter that's how this works
ah what do you guys think I think mine
is better
mmm-hmm what's the gift that keeps on
giving got mine got mine the gift that
keeps on giving
making the penises kiss oh my god the
gift that keeps on giving is having a
penis oh my god let's kiss okay now
let's make our penises kiss when all
else fails I can always masturbate to oh
my god you were going to win this round
since you own the mess no mess though
boyo right guy alright what's your
answer if all else fails I can always
masturbate to a smiling black man a
Latina businesswoman a cool Asian and
some whites my masturbation does not
discriminate that's so racist no it's
fucking awesome
while mine is literally eating shit
funny cause it's true
oh that turns you on ah I love when
people puke into cups and then pour it
over their heads it's raining puke uh oh
yeah it's raining a few oh yeah I'm
gonna shit on you I'm gonna
it's on your face and then I'm gonna get
my period on your mouth me great Cordy
alright last one to create your own card
okay I'm gonna say Justin Bieber was
just found dead because of blank this
one's gonna get real got it
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo give me a
minute this is important this is just
invaders death gooo kill just Bieber la
la la
all right now by the way this one takes
place ten years in the future okay how
did Justin Bieber die sudden poop
explosion disease mine is better a fat
bald man from the internet
oh that's gonna be you're not reading
both I love you both
you shave your head you might kill
Justin Bieber oh and then take Selena
Gomez as my own poo man well I'm just
gonna get down with my sudden explosion
disease already have it thank you
I see guys don't get funny that's a
funny thing with you if you want to
check this out playing even more cards
against humanity' go to our channel it's
gonna be even crazier over there
we're gonna do a bunch of make up our
own one oh my god it's like we don't
need any friends except for you and me
and copies for Mandy cheese our life is
sad look fat bald man from the internet
comes and kills me or exploded to poop
all over us oh no I was just Astrid oh
good boy Heinz you guys I was a yo
tomorrow Oh corny shirts just great
shirt
hey how you doin girl God y'all looking
good to me anything like I wanna get up
on your front behind look like I want to
make you minds look like I want to go to
the jungle gym and do a flip-flop with a
slim jim
