I am sitting on my that's what we're
doing you guys have so much in common
this is already I'm just gonna leave the
room have fun guys
nothing nothing you're not going to do
any face to me when the camera is not on
you talk to me you actually talk to it
you get up and you walk around on your
two legs and you act like a human being
and when I put the camera on you don't
want to do it because you don't want to
make daddy money you just want to lay
around and do nothing we've done with
you hey what's up you guys
yes my dog is a liar she's a bitch
she's an evil evil horrible person
that's right as a person look at her
look at her she's giving you the evil
eye you did the evil eye or that I was
just a little bit less wonky than that
one hey what's up guys yes today I'm
hanging out with my dog we got to have
some real talk I'm saying she turned her
head never mind
oh we're back we're back I'm about to
have some real talk I just have one of
those days you know I'm saying but like
I just want to lay back and talk that's
all I just want to lay back and do
nothing but I had to put up a video so
I'm like all right I'll talk
um how you feeling yeah I know I know uh
you know on a real note my dog does not
talk on cam off-camera doja dokdo dokdo
no I'm just kidding he's just a dog and
I love her so much you know today I was
trying to you know search Twitter and
search YouTube and search everywhere
trying to be like okay what should I
talk about what's going on
uh Justin Bieber this Selena Gomez that
Miley Cyrus herpes like what's going on
and then I realized I don't care like I
don't care at all like there's nothing I
care about that's happening I don't care
about Miley Cyrus and her stupid
 masturbating on tour thing and
smoking weed and talking about Molly I
don't care I was Lena Gomez and her
lupus I don't care about which by the
way get well soon
I don't care about Justin Bieber and his
you know getting arrested and spending
all his money on man jewelry I
don't care about any of that stuff but I
have to talk about it I talk about it
because you guys care about it but then
I was like wait maybe they don't care
about it
maybe none of us care about it but we
all keep talking about it because we
think people care about it and if we
stop talking about it maybe it'll go
away so for the rest of the day I'm not
going to talk about anything that I
don't care about it's probably only
gonna last a day though because I know
avenged I know this video is going to
get no views and everybody saying be
like a lot of nobody cares about Shane
anymore so then I'm gonna have to start
talking about Miley Cyrus or maybe I
won't question of the day do you not
care about any of that stuff either do
you care I feel like you're a sociopath
feel you don't care about much feel like
you just care about yourself and that's
fine because you're a dog
when I do that people think that I'm a
danger to society when you do that
you're just cute dog double standards
what were we talking about what am I
talking about
I don't know I'm not high I promise I
don't do drugs I did try dog food for
the first time a couple days ago we were
at a pet store and I just I'm talking
about me and her because she's my best
friend
and we went to a pet store and they had
dog candies that looked like See's candy
like identical there was hair on them
and slobber and some kind of godly rat
 and I said to the lady
oh is that edible for humans and she was
I mean sure you can eat anything and I
said good enough for me I'll take two so
I gave one to her I had one and it
tasted like horse feet and
probably some other kind of animal feet
and or boogers or whatever the hell they
put in those that they found on the
bottom of the floor
Factory and I eat the whole thing
that's about all I want to talk about
today um because you're having fun I had
fun hanging with you uh no you know to
be honest I was just having one of those
days where I was you know going on
Twitter sometimes makes me really
depressed and anxious and I think it's
because I'm following so many people
which is fine and I you know I love
following all of you guys and Rachael
Ray loves following Rachael Ray
I read all her tweets like I hear her
tweets in my head with her crazy like I
just choked on glass voice and I'm
saying like she'll be like hey what have
you guys what's going on hashtag I love
you and I'm like oh that's that's how I
hear it man
was I talking about Oh Twitter okay yes
because I follow so many people I just I
see a lot of crazy I see a lot of
tweets about One Direction I see a lot
of nude pictures of weird people I see a
lot of depressed tweets saying people
want to kill themselves and then the
next second they're like just kidding I
see a lot of weird and and I don't
know I kind of want to take a break from
Twitter like I'm still gonna tweet but I
kind of want to take a break from
looking at it you guys ever feel that
way like it's just so much too much to
take in and so crazy there's so much
crazy on there every day there's a
new you know hoax that somebody's dead
or a new rumor rumor that I'm dead which
you know one day might not be a rumor
she's trying to kill me um so much going
on give her just once a good break from
the internet on that note I'm not going
to take a break I will be back tomorrow
but I just kind of want to talk about
you know something different today so
question is I already asked but leave me
some comments letting me know maybe once
a week or maybe once a month we'll talk
about something in one of my videos
where it's not pop culture related it's
more like life related what do you want
me to talk about
what do you care about what do you care
about because I feel like you probably
care about more than just one direction
and Justin Bieber I hope so
do you want to talk about
fingers how crazy those things are do
you want to talk about ears they listen
what do you want to talk about abuse
that's depressing and dark but I'll talk
about it if you want to all right you
guys let it go
hope yes I think what that's we're
planning of you just gonna keep doing
this until you do it back you're not
gonna do it all yeah I get no love oh
really
you lick your own ass really see you
guys later
hey how you doin girl god yeah looking
good to me thinking like I wanna get up
on you from behind
look like I want to make you minds look
like I want to go to the jungle gym and
do a flip-flop with a slim jim
