you already starting this relationship
off on a just a lie I'm gonna let you
continue what what do you what do you do
Freddie what do you do for a living he's
thinking up a lie hey what's up guys I'm
here with my twin oh my god
your hair's beautiful thank you I don't
wash it in three days oh my god
oh no I washed it but my hair always
looks like I never watched I had a chunk
of dandruff this big really you should
get head shoulders then I have Fetchit
well I have the 99-cent store version
which is like knees and neck
something and that's that's my skill
needs the next oh so what do you do I
haven't seen you so long
I know right I just been in Canada you
know being a little snow bunny and now
I'm ready to be a California bitch again
yeah what is your by the way what is
this hole yes thing that's taking over
the world
okay well I'm surprised that you have to
ask me about that um Lady Gaga there was
like this paparazzi video of her coming
out of the hotel um and all her fans
like saw her and like we're waiting for
her and she looked so good so this one
guy was like yes Gaga yes you look so
good gaga yes but how do they know that
that was why a SSS it just sounds like
it yeah wait is that really what started
I don't know that's just where I like
whenever anyone I feel like Helen Keller
Oh like when it was like rawr water and
then and then one was like yes Heather
yes and then she's like das yeah yeah
yeah we're about to film some videos
yeah and who knows what's gonna happen
it's gonna get crazy John the setup or
together yeah so we don't we don't
really have a tripod right yes Maya yeah
the coffee maker camera on top that
looks bad really Joey Graceffa would
never do this
I just II would never do this well we're
gonna film and then afterwards she's
gonna show me all of her butt plugs and
fish oil pills stuff is that to get
ready for the book photo um they're
first get in here but oh I might need
those yo
Yeow yawns uh-oh
oh yeah that's the angle right there you
look so good oh my god I could be so
famous in 2007 hon by Smith oh wait what
would my like myspace name be shame gag
but Shane shameless that's a good one
Thanks
um hey what's up you guys a Shan Shan
Shan Shan las' I'm here with GG gorgeous
and we're just like talking about our
crazy life mm-hmm so crazy so much
catching up to do literally so genuine I
walked it I said what do you mean up to
it she goes nothing um ah cool and I was
like me everyone's like you he's like
nothing all right want to fill my god so
I so many videos recently were you
talking about how to get or a better but
now I don't need a better but but I need
a better everything so like looks like a
tip just like maybe don't suck like stop
sucking oh okay okay I'll so I'll try
that but what about something I do like
right now like a dance or like a like I
pray probably pray pray yeah can use it
your whole life sucks like everything
huh
so okay great physically like is there
like like out like a yoga ball I just
did it honey on your face oh that's true
that's true you have a dance move that I
don't know with the camera and you do
something no you you're gonna do
something maybe well I don't really like
the bottom half of what I'm wearing okay
all right we'll see they on top I don't
know like when you walk into a club from
familiar with that like walking into a
club so like go over there pretending
you're walking to a club and like I'm a
guy and I'm and I'm like I'm hollering
right like what is your signature go to
alright in the clerk oh oh what's up
baby hey hottie want this ass see that's
how you get a disease okay okay and the
club mm-hmm mm-hmm
oh what up girl I'm a 10 your to back up
and then try to get me playing hard -
I'm playing hard to get that was just me
well I'm dog food and your cat food so
like have sex in the bathroom or
something okay yeah we're okay my turn
I'm coming in the club I love this club
I wonder if Paris Hilton's here tonight
y'all
Hey how you doin girl God yeah looking
good to me and like I wanna get up on
your front behind look like I want to
make you minds
look like I want to go to the jungle gym
and do a flip-flop with a slim slim jim
do you want to go in the bathroom house
sure yeah let's go hey What's Up Girl
What's Up Girl what's up bad
every time I hang out with her I just I
leave saying words that are once
Ted's ah perf she was shortening shit
that like is already short like she name
is a girl she said girl so I am on my
way back home I'm gonna edit and watch
some TV and eat my feelings what you
gonna do girl as you guys okay I'd hang
with me if anything with you I don't
remember if I did a question today if I
didn't do a question then the question
of the day is what word do you think
needs shortening I'm gonna go away Shane
Dawson I think you could just call me
shut up or she dies I was a Barbie a
bunny in the other night with you and
I'll see you girls tomorrow bye Derek
it's Apple oh oh she's so beautiful oh
my god she's sweet she's tangy she knows
what she's doing she's doing backflips
in my mouth right now whoo she's angry
though she's a she's fighting with me
but we just made up we just made up oh
she spend the night
