my what's that Miley hi looking good
Miley wait I can't hear you
oh god what's happening hey guys it's
true you you do say everyone yeah hey
guys hey guys Trish today's gonna be
another exciting haul video where you're
gonna look at my tits and you're gonna
want to buy all the things that are
talking yeah for all the things in
flying about cost like $10,000 and
you're cool oh no hey guys I knew it
you're always so excited tell what's
your channel name I don't even know your
actual gym you hate my channel names
aids blind girls go blind Girl Scouts
excuse me muffin
send ow for MJ as in Michael Jackson yes
we could do a video on that here's the
thing guys you guys know this I've
talked about this a lot I've been
obsessed with her videos for a while and
I have seen every single fucking video
so here's the thing she does a lot of
hauls on her Channel and she did
something called a candy haul which I
was instantly obsessed with and I said
we need to do a fucking Cammie all right
fucking now so we went to the candy
store we went to the black people wall
which is my favorite mall
do you have colobus it's that you guys
have logged in before the black c'mon
it's literally all black people I feel
so at home every black person whole
world knows who you are
yeah that's my fan base I would but I
love me there I see that black people
love me too I love you
yeah where were you guys my black kids
anyways we went to the candy store we
got 12 of the shit and then we went to a
cake shop so today what are you doing oh
sorry
you're facing wrong
okay okay I love your show person yes we
went to the game plays we went to the
cake place so on my channel we're gonna
show you guys what some candy we bought
and some cake we bought and then you're
gonna go to her Channel and we're gonna
do the same thing but we have other
candy and other cake we got a lot yeah
problems I mean I look fat next year and
my candy was twice as much as yours so I
feel like a big fatty it's like the
auger mom when you put all that
Yogurtland it's like your total is five
dollars and then you get me back I was
$87 literally cause she's like oh so
cheap and then I get there oh we spent
$35 on cake okay how do we do a poll
okay so yeah one of each like where
you'll take it so we have our base which
are the big we went to fuzzy wigs do
what fucking disgust I would never just
fuzzy wigs for candy oh don't go there
and you can tell them the big chain ends
for gift baskets and he's like you just
have a bag for the candy and I'm like
something about me stealing you throw it
in the bag it's weird yeah so we went
here you say that awesome
I went yeah we stopped by Ulta to get my
little iOS lemon butter
it was $85 that's so if you have to put
the offer code Trish you can get five
dollars off oh my god again alright I'll
go first
hey helpful okay okay I'll start with
something simple I got a nerd rope I
like nerd ropes because this is the kind
of candy they give us when we're doing
the SATs in high school
mom graduated
okay so I got something exciting since
we're the black people ma got black
flourish inside a red licorice it shows
you're not racist because the crew was
like skin and change like in Latin
American Canyon and the guys like no
it's Mexican oh my god are we racist
because you come back here yeah blame
him so I got black licorice and um it's
real no like a clump of pubic hair that
looks like so you find in a shower drain
at the gym oh I had it ruin it you like
this you know no wannabe black licorice
we're gonna taste yours on camera but
basically uh it's like The Grudge oh the
ring full of you know I'm saying why
you're crazy I'm not today I'm not
judging
you're judging I mean the fact that it
looks like hair if it's in the back of
this fuzzy wig it's like not good what
I'm not gonna like a little bit this
looks like a detentions that weren't the
black ball this is extension literally a
black rose like oh yes this is something
I don't condone guys candy cigarettes
now listen I don't think smoking is good
I think it's bad and what's your amanda
Bynes she looks really classy what she
smokes
she's classy girl oh and then with
people on Instagram take smoking
pictures in black and white that looks
pretty cool oh you should do that
puffing Instagram you smoking it okay
put them together but I got a peanut
cluster and a chocolate over rice
cookies later time Mohammed we loved
Rice Krispies Oreo cookies so I know
right again we loved right because we
were really they're like really exciting
so I had to get the chocolate one we
were just lies so like girls got a
cookies when you're a kid because you're
really good at it yeah very good
wait you know what you didn't do you to
do that you don't know four big ones
okay like this is little then you know
because you can't see it but if you put
your hand and you can see it doesn't
make any sense
what does that do that just shows how
dirty my hands are why do you have bad
people
oh oh let's just she's all did that and
yours she's gonna Bob that pound when
she's like beauty guru six seven
- it was like showing you really do
watch my video says hmm you too can
become friends in Spain if you're okay
another thing I got which I thought was
interesting with these they're called
shockers you know what these are what
the Tia ones there's teeth there's
usually like to tail ones in each pack
really open up there's only two yeah you
don't know it's like this okay wait is
there - cuz we don't think so you have
to have the teal it's just too good
there it is oh my gosh it ready oh my
gosh I'm gonna get out on to it oh you
hate it mm your eyelash girl really make
my penis grow
no yeah Rose oh so gross which is so
gross know anything about a penis this
is ugly it's beautiful - slow-motion
mine always does hair flips - something
me goes and goes oh no I'm gonna not
feel good yeah what you got man I had a
fish keychain we'll just have a big
dolphin but it was the closest thing to
a fish oh my don't know you talk about
how much I hate animals stuff actually
ratio so yeah or she comes up to me if
I'm at dolphins and she's like boohoo no
dolphins rape they do look it up if
you're on your period they'll like
drinking a water night you know it's
rude who told you that a billion dollars
oh how about you all bunch of your
YouTube channel for my the next thing I
have
hubba bubba squeeze pops ah very excited
my stomach literally just went boom it's
gonna make it yeah it's gonna make you
sick
really it's a squeeze for fun to be
honest and I'm not even saying this to
like make you feel bad but like I think
they're like legal because the woman
went to is like a Mexican candy shop you
know
maybe they have a new formula but they
used to like chlorine or something women
what yeah okay this is corn syrup water
sodium artificial flavors and then
something I can't pronounce
that's probably chlorine look like a
thick Lube you're the seller rap oh my
god oh my god Joe you like it taste like
Luke
do you like it I don't know I don't
think so umm Razzles having an ERG going
on thirty god yes I love it every return
hairy guy that was in the movie oh you
look like a young Burrell so hot so
Carrie I love it mmm so I got to
actually wrap but I got a very excited
Hey Harry's where'd that really did you
busy per round centerfold for Cosmo he
lay naked on a bear of and completely
bare like Harry
if I'm late naked on a bear rug people
wouldn't know where the rug started
wearing it in 50 years you're like
amazing no you're like telling rules but
like in the 50 years you're gross penis
is gonna knock the gas person cuz you're
a cub now and then you're gonna be a
bear when you get older hey you're a cub
because you're Harry but you're young
and then I don't know if you're hearing
noise in your body but I'm saying then
you grow up to be a bear like Burt
Reynolds and then what happens when
you're really old well he's gone now
there's a bear rug oh so you can watch
us open the rest of our candy up on her
channel out am I gonna do it my check if
we have a lot of really riveting
no you should go because that's a good
stuff away we have now we're gonna try
we have a lot of different cake we're
gonna try one piece here on her channel
are you ready for this look there's no
bad when it comes to cake what feel like
the one I picked at one of the ones I
picked oh you may not like I miss my
beer oh my god that's the big crazy one
oh my God look at it we got to put your
hand behind it that that's the first
time anybody my hand it's too big for my
head you know oh she's wet I need a cake
in a while oh oh she's row she's
slobbery you know this is most acute
you're so crowd ooh okay right it's
awful oh oh she's so beautiful
oh my god she's sweet she's tangy she
knows what she's doing she's doing
backflips in my mouth right now whoo
she's angry though she's saying oh she's
fighting with me but we just made up we
just made up all she spend the night she
spend the night she's gonna leap right
in the morning though she gonna leave
right when I wake up we'll try something
where you really I don't know yeah get
in on there oh my god oh I'm shady then
Oh Pato that's our C so what appealing
when it gets lucky seconds after you
okay
that's a puppy stuff it's parade oh my
god oh my god the way
oh how is it dissolve time it's
dissolving huh give us a good bite give
us like a bite hmm God is off I'm me and
pray good who I'm a time orgasm with you
when I was breathe I need a minute after
that oh you know what you were doing
yeah you know what she was doing all
right guys here we go that was my first
hole here y'all yeah you surprised me
what you get a hotel room tours I know
you were gonna mom never know we racked
my brain of Shame videos and oppression
if you want to see more candy and more
cake it's gonna be even more orgasmic go
over to her channel subscribing like a
question of the day what is your
favorite candy what's yours black over
is probably so gross I thought we were
like on the same page until that what is
your favorite Reese's oh I can't bear
eggs
Reese's is good no I do memory you have
the big cup Oh my favorite is the big
Reese's egg that comes out on Easter
time and you cut into it like a birthday
cake
Oh amazing is this big please go get
money because we have better you do and
I will see you over in her Channel buddy
magcon member jacob whitesides phone
number was wheat was that smart or naw
