hey welcome to bomb.com where we talk
about everything that's blowing up on
the Internet madcon member jacob
whitesides phone number was neat was
that smart or null yeah there's people
that always talk on the phone like they
own the place
oh here's the perfect way to get back at
them besides murder
seven-thirty I think probably 730 is a
good time 6:30 or 7:00 is fun let's say
7:00 7:00 is a good time to meet for
dinner okay
hi Floyd oh okay anything else wait I
don't get it I don't even seem that old
why don't they just text each other
similar to a Transformers movie this
next video was an epic battle between
object and human will she make the jump
find out now
with all that psychic you'd think she'd
at least make the leap with flying
colors like a gay pride flag flapping in
the wind
she should leap with the elegance of a
cat or of a human that can actually jump
over things I may not be the tallest but
I at least know my jumping limits this
week on YouTube I don't how lohan theny
feels about hate comments responding to
your hey oh my god you're too funny
actually you're and - so before you come
at me and trying to insult me use
correct grammar Thanks bye dip it help
do I do a stupid house let's do the
he'll do it just about do a stupid in
honor of this video I thought it was
high time I respond to a few of my own
hate comments hey Alexis here psych I
never left and I'm honestly really
really excited to comments on your hate
comments Jason Derulo Wow can this girl
please fuck off oh I'm not gonna do that
have a great day her facial expressions
and what she says is so unauthentic you
can tell she didn't come up with any of
this humor she's way too young
two periods I find these types of
comments hilarious as with Shane's input
along the way I do write shoot and edit
every single episode of bomb com oh I
just dropped a bomb dot-com okay I will
admit that one was not my best what is
this crap seriously why is some
eight-year-olds video on Shane's Channel
it sucks please get it off now I was
eight years old seven years ago honestly
I'm so sorry I did not realize I was on
change channel just second Oh got it now
I'm off of Shane's channel cuz I was
sitting on it
it's a word pun I really don't like her
okay oh that's totally fine
chances are I wouldn't like you either
awesome I think that's enough comments
for today if you hate me cool I do what
I do thank you for watching this we take
the Leppa soda bomb
come hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome Internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis diesel to check
out my latest video which is a new
episode my Q&A show leftovers with
Alexis I answer all your questions while
eating and eating and eating I will see
you all next week with a brand new
episode of bomb.com and until then it's
all good now to Shane the question of
the day yeah
hey what if you guys hope you enjoyed
that episode about calm I know I did as
Alexis was saying there's a lot of hate
comments on a lot of videos on YouTube
including hers and mine so I thought I
would read a few of my ashamed gay or
just fat poor both I'm just gonna try to
tell myself that this person is
genuinely interested and not being an
asshole
I hope Shane dies by getting shot in the
back of the head honestly though I do
too because the thought of dying in a
fire terrifying
dianna earthquake no way died in the car
crash 31 think about dying by getting
shot the back of the head quick painless
maybe a Lifetime movie will be made
about me I hope Miley Cyrus licks
Shane's face and gives him some kind of
a disease that eats his skin and makes
him die a slow painful death I hope that
happens too as long as I can vlog every
second of it well there guys go those
are some of my favorite a comments
question of the day how would you deal
with hate comments and do you get hate
comments um I just laugh at them and
then cry a lot later in silence in my
bedroom
alrighty guys I'm gonna go up yep my
name of those opening with you and I'll
see you tomorrow bye just got all my
diseases you're ready to die a slow
painful death picture to vlog it
