then we started on the four week process
of pre-production which basically means
casting finding locations fixing up the
script and of course testing out the
barf cannon yeah I'm gonna win a fucking
Oscar hey what's up you guys today is
going to be the gayest challenge I have
ever done I have but fuck Joey Graceffa
twice my favorite this is going to be
called the rainbow loom challenges oh I
think so the rainbow loom challenge now
I know a lot of you kids out there love
rainbow loom dos Mikey I know it sounds
like I'm saying Lube but I'm not I love
rainbow loom hmm
all the colors are there it taste the
rainbow oh my god that should be their
slogan gay fuck the rainbow fuck the
rainbow double rainbow that's when two
guys are going at it with the loop
anyways how did this go from the most
like innocent bracelet making video to
you because this is Utah
youtube.com slash Shane okay it's not
youtube.com slash who's clean nice
glamorize missglamorazzi although girl
loves her rainbow Lube I'm sure so here
are the instruments we got these at the
store we got like the ghetto knockoff
version though the fun loom Andy I'm
sure the clerk was like oh they're
getting these for their kids
nope I don't know how this works I don't
either it looks like a back massager and
an anal probe and then they give you all
these little hair ties or these kind of
like braces Rubbermaid you sure do
oh my god those were the days anyways
I'm gonna put a time on the clock I'm
gonna give us one minute to what you to
see who can make a bracelet can you
please really I mean really they can't
hear a thing okay
just to see who
to see you gonna make a bracelet first
in one minute we should read the Jewish
use your penis piercings oh wait look
it's like one of these
ready no you're dumb now like it's like
a slingshot hi word are you ready corny
go where we do you do I don't fucking
know you do this shit I shouldn't just
fling it okay
ah you do that and then why do you even
need this thing oh I'm fucking good at
this girl my braces gonna look high on
prom night that's doesn't look like it I
know what I'm doing you spit but do you
I don't I don't know how I'm not using
the probe I'm I suppose Jesus Pro I'll
use that probe I mean we're playing with
a children's toy okay and then you do
that and then you fucking do you do this
see what I'm doing here hello you don't
even know how to use I'm creating a loom
I look there's a hook this is literally
what my orthodontist use use on my face
see and then you who did you ever do it
where they would like tighten you're
like they would come in with a key twist
your mouth yeah you need to Yelp that
orthodontist to see what else he's done
and our minutes up all right well my way
look about out oh look at this bracelet
damn girl lookin at bracelet girl oh my
god it's like a huh with the ring on it
oh my god Sailor Moon I think pretty
good looks like any dead well it looks
like a dead Nick mouth and then you can
flip it up and it just looks like no
penis and saggy balls look familiar
that was too far this bracelets for
corny fits on the spra cool that's not
fair these are supposed to be for humans
I win it's cute honored well there you
guys know that was us attempting to do a
rainbow loom challenge yeah I don't
think is actually a challenge we just
made it a challenge because we're
fucking stupid and we don't know how to
do this hey at least embrace our
dumbness can I embrace my gayness
you've been embracing your game is four
years now so true
question of the day do you have a
rainbow loom I like it
are you into it do you think we're
stupid for not knowing what to do this
is your favorite chat what the hell are
these things what the fuck is this
supposed to do why is it a hook on the
end is this to get tough to reach places
why and do you want me to put this up
shades but see yes not decide with the
hook in it because that's dangerous
alright you guys up yep I think it does
we have a night with you go to her
channel and check us out don't throw
these around she's gonna choke when he's
gonna run around she's gonna get rainbow
loom stuck in her throat she's gonna
choke we're have to go to the bed
they're gonna like what's your throat
we'd be like a rainbow and then the
doctor thing take it out be like this
isn't even finished and then she's gonna
go you seriously gonna get some help on
that worth of Donna's situation you have
a really askew well again that doctors
you need to Yelp check out her tail if
you want to see us doing the magic
8-ball challenge I'm a little fuck that
is we just made it up good luck it's
even work most likely is this challenge
gonna be stupid
most likely should we break up it's
certain on that note
see you guys later I feel so ugly like
cum ugly is so pretty I'm so bad I'm
like so gross
yeah thank you
