hey what's up you guys we're about to
have some crazy three-way action YouTube
style which means it's not that exciting
no I'm kidding we're gonna do some
collabs right guys which means we're
filming the whole thing which means we
got the lights over there do we have
like airbrushing because I'm looking
rough today
you came to my place this is very
exciting what what music on the radio oh
you know like Bruno Mars is playing the
Golden Girls The Golden Girls the theme
song is playing
you didn't bring your snake I bought my
stink wait what they lose a snake you
should not tell people in the your
apartment that I did you know what I
can't I posted two signs and so I called
the front office something listen my
snake is gone I'm trying to notify my
attendance is missing oh my god so I'm
just removing my you know wait how did
you accidentally left the cage unlocked
it was definitely my fault but you know
and you left your front door would but
the snake open the I leave my side must
door cracks and my dog can go out oh my
god do you really think it's gone
he's been bonds was like before
Christmas I think oh my god I was the
last person he saw you were and so now I
actually have to pay rats because they
didn't get eaten wait is it the same rat
that I saw no oh that one didn't survive
it that was the last supper okay great
okay great alright so they're gonna play
a dirty dirty Valentine's headbands and
because they don't want to know what the
headbands are I have to think of the
things too right
that's romantic a precursor to
everything so how did it go so like I'm
not even needed
did you like my words I wrote I know I
thought of you and I wrote a splay I
thought of you in a rope clip I want
that as please so bad so bad
corny what did you think you're just
terrified alright now we're gonna do a
video what are we gonna do we are going
to do the Buddha challenge the globe
challenge the religious that's perfect
done wrap it up
I know we're gonna do a video then
hopefully it goes well and hopefully we
get some ass play ass play SSS play
we're gonna write a hit song that's what
we're gonna do hey what's up guys I'm in
an elevator right now but loud ass noise
you know just classy Oh YouTube hasn't
changed me you know I'm classy I am
since I'm here today was a long day I've
filmed a bunch of videos in denim I
gotta go back and edit them and fall
asleep with the TV on cuz that's really
healthy I think I did a question of the
day if I didn't just how are you doing
that's my question
alright you guys if you're funny of me
I'm funny good I'll see you tomorrow
same say bye corny cya bye guys I love
you I love you so much
you have no idea how much I love you wow
that was I was really sweet corny I love
you too look at her shake her tail like
crazy she really loves you guys
cuz that is not for me goodbye I'm in
love with Farrah Abraham let me explain
why
you know usually she just makes a sex
tape or you know tweezers her baby's
eyebrows or you know looks like she got
hit by a bus because her makeup is all
askew
