I don't know how else to explain what
I'm feeling right now besides the fact
that I am in love I'm in love with
Farrah Abraham let me explain why
you know usually she just makes a sex
tape or you know tweezers her baby's
eyebrows or you know looks like she got
hit by a bus because her makeup is all
askew but she did something this week
she did something this week let's look
into the next level and I don't quite
know how to explain how much I love it
besides the fact if I have love coming
at my head
she dropped an album well I'm sorry
she dropped a piece of poop I'll pick
that shit up in a might because I'm so
delicious that piece of poop was called
blowing I think that's what it's called
blown blown up blown dick I don't know
something with blow and itch it's a song
and it's a music video and it's it's
everything to me it's like if you put
that music video next to my family and
both of them were hanging out the bus
out of a window and one of them was
going to die and one of them is going to
hit the pavement I would say Farrah
Abraham's below one because I can live
without my family I can't live without
this listening to this every day I'm
going to break down for you best song
you know what I'm just going to play a
little a piece of it I can't I can't
quite explain it I just I just need I
just need you to understand I'm just
gonna here we go here we go here we go
oh there's an ad of course there's an ad
Farrah Abraham get that coin girl all
right um okay skipping the ad here we go
sorry there hey baby
keep that coin
ah Dennis for starters I just want to
say you know we did not live in a time
where we got to actually hear Helen
Keller's voice but I think if Helen
Keller lived now and had the
accessibility to auto-tune and possibly
some kind of a shitty-ass little Wayne
clone that she found on Craigslist I
think this is the type of music that
Helen Keller would create let's keep it
going
okay I'm just gonna skip the where the
beat drops I want the beat to come back
up that was that was not a sentence I
don't even think I was English I think
spirit is on a whole nother level and I
think she's communicating to aliens and
that scary is held to me because I
always knew that anything's existed but
now Farrah is really making me really
believe let's keep going
spaceship is coming that was more spam
code she was fair was out there and the
field that she was like hip-hip never
bow down flap up and then it's space
shits gonna come down and fuck swoop her
ass up that makes sense while she's
getting all the plastic surgery because
she's trying to look like a race like
her alien race you know what I just
cracked the code I just figured it out
where's that love there it is
I'm gonna get that music video ten out
of ten ten out of ten
big old lips ten out of ten
big old tits Ken at a ten private sex
tapes that accidentally got leaked
because she leaked them
what do you guys think let me comment
letting me know you guys wanted me to
review this there you go I hope you die
hope that satisfied you because it
satisfied me um quick thing before I go
yes I need a haircut I am aware um I am
going to get one this week and this
headband is just keeping it all in
although I don't know I'm trying to feel
in this little swoop right here anyways
um another side note yes I need to take
a shower I'm aware my third side note
I'm really excited about this secret
project and I am going to make a full-on
video for my main channel talking about
everything because I know that I've been
very vague and very like less stingy
with the details so I'm going to go and
explain the whole thing and I'm really
excited and I can't wait to do that
it'll probably be up this Friday so I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow
and make sure that you keep the head
bumm bumm headed but the food about the
pop up up but up and look at work
