bomb.com where we talk about everything
that was blowing up on the internet
there has been a ton of YouTube drama
surrounding Luke Conard and two of his
ex-girlfriend's coming out with
statements saying that he was abusive in
many different ways
Oh somebody did well because that's deep
huh so here's a video of a fox getting
his head stuck in a jar yes
isn't it kind of amazing how an animal
and a human can come together and
resolve an issue like that now if only
Luke what mmm that's making me
uncomfortable I'm gonna let that one go
like a kite that's tangled in a palm
tree
what letting it go and to think that my
cat still hates me
although the sweater might explain it
sheriff bomb.com we are all about the
hard-hitting journalism news politics
cats and sweaters so today we're
combining the craziness of the internet
with hard-hitting journalism of 2020 to
bring you guys a video of the Colombian
President peeing himself EcoPro me so
compara keya me compromise o con ustedes
mejor es oportunidades juntos blah blah
who would honestly be so terrible
I can imagine campaigning for years and
finally becoming president only to be
like Whoopi do I piss myself
can somebody run to the nurse's office
and grab me a spare pair of gym shorts
please I can really only imagine one
thing that could possibly be worse than
that
so horrifying and terrible and scary and
awful high speed released a video
talking about things you thought were
facts but actually aren't
who needs right mi school
I don't believe it for a second next
thing you know they're gonna be claiming
that Mount Rushmore was man-made and
Alexis geez all isn't actually immortal
this week on YouTube I learned what guys
are really like house looks a little
plain need some chains I got a rep my
boy Jesus who's a date three's a party
is that how it goes I don't know sweat
yep yep mm-hmm
boom what up do I wear the beets I mean
like it says I listen to music but like
there's no chord in them swag just like
the scientist from the Human Centipede
and Olaf from frozen I hope this isn't
real
I did however get a bit inspired from
this video to show you guys what girls
are really like
story of my life have you not noticed
the crooked winged eyeliner thank you
for watching this episode of Bob comm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis cheese all to
check out my latest video where I did an
adult versus kid challenge with Brittani
Louise Taylor it's fun times it's also
really difficult oh please be sure to
check it out I will see you next week
with a brand new episode of bomb comm
and until then Zomba and now to Shane
for the question of the day
hey what's up you guys hope you enjoyed
that episode of Bob calm I know I did
sorry I'm talking low right now it is
really late on Saturday and everybody's
asleep except for me because I am up
watching Lady Gaga's GUI and I want to
do a little review so the video starts
out with her getting shot in the chest
with an arrow you know as every normal
person does on a Friday night and then
she wakes up in a pool full of desperate
housewives and then starts to have sex
with black people and then she turned
into some kind of a robot and I'm going
to be honest
I loved it I really loved it I thought
this video was awesome
I thought it was just as good as bad
romance I thought it was like a big and
epic looking and I thought she looked
good and I thought the dancing was good
and I think the song is good I'm excited
I think Lady Gaga's back bitch yaa s Yas
and she's back and I'm proud of her so I
give this music video one full erect
disco stick yeah that sounds about right
let me know in the comments what you
thought ablator Gaga's new video are you
excited do you think she's back I think
she is alright see guys that be
offending with me I've been in with you
and I'll see you tomorrow
