guys oh my god we just did a podcast
there was spare time the whole time we
talked about sex we talked about frozen
yogurt we talked about MTV we talked
about drama we talked about our love for
each other so many secret second
thoughts I'm glad I got slushied
birthday hey what's up you guys yes
welcome back to another conspiracy
theory video now today we have a lot of
theories and they are kind of all over
the place
some of them I don't even know where to
start and the first theory we're going
to talk about is an update to the story
of little Latif now if you've been
watching my videos for a while you'll
know that we've been following the
mystery of will Michaela third month let
me just give a quick recap so low
Michaela is an Instagram girl who has
over 200,000 followers a lot of people
think she's fake but nobody is concerned
some people think she's a real person
who created a fake girl lines
some people think she was created by a
company to become famous on Instagram
and then eventually start promoting
their clothes losing some people even
think she's a real girl that adds like
digital enhancements to her face in an
interview with The Independent they even
talked to an expert in computer
animation and he said this I think it's
a combination of a 3d model and a
photograph they're taking a photo of an
actual person and blending that with the
model yeah
experts have even waited on this story
so over the months you guys have sent in
so many emails to me giving me your
theories of who this girl really is the
most popular theory is that little
Michaela is actually a girl on Instagram
named Darth later
now dart has over a hundred thousand
followers and she's a model so the
chances of from being Mikayla are slim
but if you look at their pictures side
by side it's pretty sucking grace see
the similarities are crazy the eyebrows
hair the skin I mean this one the makeup
is completely the same and ellipse I
mean they're almost identical now
another person that people think is
actually little Michaela is an
instagramer named Michaela crews now
Michaela has 19,000 followers and when
you look at her pictures there are tons
of
I mean just look at this side-by-side
where they're literally wearing the same
outfit
now Michaela Cruz has made it very clear
that she is not little Michaela she was
tagged in this comparison picture where
somebody was showing that they think
it's the same person now she saw this
tag photo and she even responded in the
comment saying it not me he even sent me
a DM which very simply said I'm not lil
Michaela
angry face emoji that I've never seen
before so clearly she said well then
recently another girl came along that a
lot of you guys think might be limiting
her Instagram name is bloated and alone
forever 1993 sorry I just never related
more to an Instagram name so when you go
through her pictures you can definitely
see the similarity the hair the makeup
the vibe so this girl create content on
YouTube she seems to be a comedian and
an artist so maybe this little Michaela
thing is a fun side project for her but
I don't think so now let's get to some
theories that make a little more sense a
lot of people think that little Michaela
was made using a website called IMG now
I envy you is a website where you create
a 3d avatar of yourself you can meet
people you can chat with each other play
games and there's over three million
users and when you look the 3d avatars
they definitely look a little bit like
Nikki so did some board boy or girl
create an avatar on that website and
then turn her into an instagramer
maybe but then that takes away the
theory that the expert in computer
animation had where he said it's a real
girl with digital enhancements which by
the way is a thing that does happen
online somebody sent me this picture of
kendall Jenner and I don't even just
just look
yeah this definitely looked digitally
enhanced I mean just look at the stomach
it's so smooth and so perfect but also
seems kind
which is exactly how little Mikayla's
body looks
now this next theory is crazy but
honestly makes a lot of sense some
people believe that Mikayla is a real
person she is a female master now
recently I did a video where I try to
become a female master myself and I
tried on the very realistic female mask
and I know you're thinking Shane that
does not look like low Michaela at all
but remember when I was reacting to
masking videos just look at this girl
yeah that's a mask that's not computer
animation that's a real person and it
kind of looks like Michaela so maybe she
is real person who got incredibly
realistic masks
okay so those are all the theories as of
now but I have some very exciting news I
have some money
okay so first little Michaela posted a
video on her Instagram story of her in a
music studio recording a song yeah
that's the first time we've ever seen
her not just in a picture and you can
see her hands moving I mean yeah it
still looks kind of computer-animated
but it was a video of a real hand and
she just added shit to it I don't know
now here's another video she posted
where she was tapping her foot in the
record so clearly Michaela is getting
closer and closer to telling us who she
is also she's in reporting studio so is
she going to release a song so maybe a
theory about her being created by a
company to sell music was ready I don't
know the walk well I finally got in
contact but Oh Michaela
I said hi Michaela I was wondering if
you would like to do an interview for my
channel you can hide your face if you
want or we can just do it over the phone
I'd love to know more about you but I
understand if you aren't ready to reveal
everything yeah let me know well that
little tailor wrote back hey yeah I'm so
now just way too busy right now trying
to make this record so let me figure out
sometime at what I do for you ha I so
nervous excited is it actually going to
happen am I actually going to meet her
or him or robot I don't know but you
better believe that I'm going to
document the entire situation so let me
know down the comments who you think
little Michaela is do you think she's
real do you think she's a robot do you
think she's created by a company or do
you think she's okay speaking of things
that might be real and might be fake
let's talk more about the simulation
theory now we've talked about this
multiple times the theory that our
entire world is a simulation if it were
simulation then there would be the
occasional glitch kind of like when
you're playing a video game and
something glitches well here are just a
couple more videos
sound of things going and it's fucking
weird this one was sent to me by a
viewer named Lilly and it's a video the
bird that's just loaded - yeah what
literally what Howard winged EE Howard's
just levitating and then I found another
video of a very similar situation
that one's crazy like that one is from
far away the birds in the sky fucking it
just hovering now that seems like
something you would see in the distance
glitch so maybe the theory that were in
one too crazy I mean I was watching
every runner friends the other day and
Ross and something fucked me so I just
finished this fascinating book by the
year 2030 there'll be computers that can
carry out the same amount of functions
as an actual human brain so
theoretically you could download your
thoughts and memories into this computer
and and and live forever as a machine
now the audience in the show last why
I'm not fucking laughing what he said
makes a lot of sense and we're getting
closer and closer to it and he said this
would be happening in 2030 and we are
not that far okay so next we're gonna be
talking about now there are tons of
theories about your favorite movies we
talked about the theory that Aladdin
actually takes place in the future in a
post-apocalyptic Society we've even
talked about the theory that the movie
three men and the baby was actually
filmed on a haunted set and you can see
it a little dead ghost boy in the
background of the movie if you don't
remember that one I'm just going to show
clip again because it's so fucking
creepy look at the wait a second yeah
from over there we had her last baby I
know fucking no thanks well this next
one I had never heard of before when I
read it I was like woah this is the
theory of the character of Lord
Voldemort on the Harry Potter movies is
based on Hitler so Baltimore is the
arch-nemesis
carry on people don't even mention him
by name they called him who must not be
named or the Dark Lord he has an
obsession blood cured and he wants to
get rid of all the muggles in the
Wizarding World now even just hearing
that you can hear little tinges of it
but when I read you this you are 100%
once upon a time there was a man named
Laura thought he had a group of
followers named the Death Eaters they
hated muggle-borns and believed that the
top race was the people who had pure
wizard no one seemed to notice that in
Baltimore himself had a muddled father
they must have been too dazzled by his
nose list to notice Baltimore rose to
power and killed many muggle-borns and
lots of other people as well at the end
of the second wizard and war Voldemort
was terrified
yeah literally the same story even down
to the fact that Hitler had something
very recognizable and strange on his
face and so well so is this JK Rowling's
inspiration was she trying to tell a
story that was bigger than just Wizards
and magic was she trying to tell a story
of an evil dictator that was trying to
wipe all police honestly it it just
sounds very right and now when you go
back and re-watch Harry Potter it has a
whole different okay so staying in the
same movie area let's talk about movie
posters so I got an email from a viewer
named Marta and she showed me this
picture that blew my mind she was at the
store and she saw two DVDs for sale
alien and Lincoln yeah literally the
same cover what like that's not even a
coincidence that's literally the same
exact cover for two completely different
movies well then they sent me down a
very intense black hole on the internet
and I found that there's a fucking shit
ton of posters that look exactly like
other posters I'm sure you've all seen a
movie poster words in somebody's eye
really close and something kind of
yeah finishing time first this poster of
deliverance and then the Candyman and
then the I literally all the same poster
that you have posters like Iron Man
which look exactly like the poster for
Thor yeah look at them next to each
other literally everything is the same
the way she touching his chest with her
hand the way there's people floating
behind him the way the other characters
are behind him the explosions the clouds
in the sky everything about it is
literally the same now let's talk about
romantic comedy posters literally they
are all the same here's the ugly truth a
girl and a guy and in front of a white
wall black and red are the main colors
very similar to the proposed a girl and
a guy's game in front of a white wall
wearing black red and blood are the main
colors then there's some more weird ones
just look at the posters of Brokeback
Mountain right next to the Titanic yeah
literally the same composition so
clearly the people advertising Brokeback
Mountain were like ooh let's make it
feel like a Titanic style love story but
instead of a boat it's literally just
the shape of his body that they made to
look like a boat then of course there's
the iconic cover Lindsay Lohan standing
in front of a pink wall the girls behind
her that big pink text and then here
comes Miley Cyrus's so good cover yeah
big pink attack standing for the pink
wall the other character in the
background and this has been going on
forever I mean just look at the posters
side by side of Harry Potter and Piercy
Jackson yeah the same poster Beauty
movie and Bridge to Terabithia same
poster I mean this is where it gets
crazy
look at the poster for my movie not cool
next to American Pie yeah
literally the same poster so this isn't
really a theory it's very real movie
companies and advertisers no one works
so they try to recreate it over and over
and over it it's a form of subliminal
message they want us to look up at a
billboard see the poster of so
undercover and subliminally remember how
much we love Mean Girls how great it was
boom I want to see some wonder cover I
mean I
when I was in a meeting with marketing
people for not cool and they were like
what movie does it feel like and I was
like calm I mean it feels like American
Pie like a raunchy teen comedy great
let's make the poster look just like
Harry Potter and this parts not even
subliminal literally on the poster it
says from the producer of American Pie
which is true that is not a lie but even
more so they want you to see American
Pie on the poster see the poster and be
like American Pie and it works because I
clicked on so undercover on that place
Spock so next time you're driving around
and you see a billboard for a movie
think about what other movie it looks
like now this next theory I debated even
putting in this video because it is so
dark but I feel like I had to because I
wanted to shed money on it and I wanted
people to know that it was going on this
is the theory the child predators are
watching and creating content on now I
know you're thinking Shane that that's
not possible child porn is not allowed
on YouTube and it's not that there are
some really fucked up now I got an email
about this from a viewer named orgy and
I felt that I really don't once again I
am warning you this is going to be
triggering this is going to be extremely
dark and this will 100% infuriate you
and make the production alright so let's
start with number one if you go to
youtube and you search webcam kids bunch
of shit pops up now you're probably
thinking oh these are just video the
kids talking to a webcam that's totally
innocent well when you zoom in all of
these videos have hundreds of thousands
of views hundreds of thousands and
they're literally just videos like this
a little kid sitting talking about
nothing and it has hundreds of thousands
of these probably because when you
search webcam tips first page so who the
fuck is searching webcam I mean there's
a channel called young girls 101 it has
one point four thousand subscribers and
the only video on it is called psy
gentleman dance cover girl by a young
sexy Russian girl and would you watch it
she's clearly underage oh so fucking
gross and this is the women really
fucked me up this is a video just two
girls hanging out being friends very
young and it has two hundred and eighty
thousand views and comments like this
that Flags on YouTube more please I
really wish they were legal red shorts
girl is in no panties another what how
is this happening how is this okay how
is this legal
I don't know now this is where it's
going to get even fucking darker so
prepare yourself there are channels that
have millions of subscribers and
millions of views that are run by
parents put their kids in these videos
and clearly the videos are made for
people who enjoy watching little I don't
even want to show you these videos
because they're so fucking disturbing
but just to give you an example I'm
going to show you some thumbnails this
first thumbnail a mom of putting a bunch
of shots into her daughter's naked butt
naked her butt make it this video has
over 800,000 views this next gum nail a
girl crying while her mom puts a bunch
of shots in her butt half a million
views and then just look at all of these
videos on this one channel I found I
need shops in the but over and over and
over again look at the bottom one it's
literally about just a naked child but
so what does this mean here's what I
think it means
I think there's a lot of stuff soft out
people in the world and they know that
pedophiles are watching the internet so
they feel like they can make videos that
aren't technically porn but will still
please pedophiles and they know they'll
get views and the link money and it's
not technically lasting the kids so it's
not that wrong but if you're okay having
pedophiles watch your kids then there's
fucked-up shit happening once again I'm
sorry I know this is dark I literally
was up all night when I found out about
this I emailed YouTube I xx did YouTube
YouTube tweeted me back they were
freaking out they said thanks for
bringing this to our attention please do
flag these videos if you consider them
inappropriate and we'll pass it along so
I know this is probably weird that I
talked about it and you guys are like
why are you bringing light to this but
personally I wanted to reflect this if
you don't bring something like this to
the light and just stays in the dark and
more and more kids please and it happens
more than you think late lively gave a
speech recently and it fucked anything
you could think of it's out there and
it's being traded and it's 30 to 50
million files a day being traded that we
know of yeah and the worst part is not
even just no children
fresh out of the room I asked him how
young are the young kids be seen and
he's coming infants and I have a
six-month-old baby so I said what does
that mean you know like what is an
infant meaning and he said would the
umbilical cord still attached
there's bestiality which is having an
animal penetrate the child or infant I
know literally the most disturbing and
her breaking thing I've ever heard now
she was speaking representing the child
rescue correlation who I have reached
out to to when I found out these videos
on YouTube they're not paying me to give
shot out by the way they are just a
nonprofit organization that's really
incredible and their job is to get rid
title porn and all of these children
demons so I ou put the link to
everything down below and you can go and
I'm please if you see the creepy fucking
thumbnail like that on YouTube at least
like well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoy these theories I
know it got really dark at the end but
that's the thing about theories
sometimes I get it really dark sometimes
we're not theories at all sometimes it's
real and sometimes the world is fucked
all right guys I'm going to go give me a
thumbs up if you like conspiracy
theories and also make sure to subscribe
my channel like down below if the north
occasion Bell because I make new videos
every day
and if you want to see my alas
conspiracy theory video where I talk
about me shows like there to please my
friends I'll put a link to a playlist
where you stop the description below
alright guys eyes open it's fucked about
