yo yo you wanna see me play my games you
want to see this motherfucker going
insane you want to see me all my
keyboard clicking shit making points
games that rap I know where I know the
guys yes today we were going to play a
game and we're actually gonna play Angry
Birds a lot of you guys have been
requesting it and I was like how do I do
that I don't you know you can't play an
iPhone on a YouTube video and then I
realized that they have a website where
you can play Angry Birds I never played
Angry Birds before I've also never dated
a manners class obviously I know it's
really popular game but I just I don't I
don't care I don't care about birds I
don't care if they're angry I don't even
care if they die
I've hit birds before with my car and
laughed which is ironic because when I
step on an ant I get really sad but I
feel like answer way cooler than birds
like ants and carry like 10 times their
body weight what converts do the loudest
fuck in the morning anyways um let's
play some Angry Birds
oh yeah the jam right here before
dubstep kids
this is the shit okay let's do this
what poached eggs that's him kind of
gross too bad alright here we go
Luther all confused what what what
what's happening
oh he's cussing that's what that hashtag
means ooh pedophiles - oh my god are
they about to cook the eggs
you know that's cannibalism right okay
so I kind of understand the game just
from what I've seen in TV shows I don't
understand it so I guess I got
not what's happening why's our Pig hmm
what's wrong pig okay it's a slingshot
I'm assuming I just oh oh that's a nasty
Sam oh give me so I guess I I'm trying
to help the pig and I just killed myself
okay great so that's not how you play
um or do something oh god I just got a
concussion that's how the OxiClean guy
died come on Pig yes oh my god I killed
the pig was how I was trying to do was
that supposed to do that I'm a murderer
and I killed the bird and he just had an
orgy they all came okay great this is it
is this the game oh god that's a lot of
pigs okay so I guess I could just kill
all the pigs pigs oh there's a big lack
of blood in this game like I feel like
motherfuck I just hit would cement pigs
there should be a little intestine
somewhere right oh oh you know what for
somebody to this never played this game
before
you better get my motherfuckin socratic
yes yes come on
ah why don't we get three I did
everything right wait what's happening
what do I do
smiley face oh and look it's Lumia okay
ready
get the man and that didn't work tell me
where he touched you ah oh did I win is
it over can we be over I want to be over
okay
okay I'm done can we be done Oh what is
that little thing
Oh God
that's fucking Leatherface Pig creepy si
the mighty Eagles stuck on a tricky
level out of levels to play bring on the
mud that sounds creepy as fuck
bring him on it was a movie oh he's a
popcorn
that's a fat ass bird oh he has my bangs
oh god oh my god abortion oh my god
angry no this is violent no look at that
one this one's crazy his eyes crackhead
eyes oh my god who took them huh the
pigs took their babies ooh they've got
to go Kill Bill up in here this sounds
like a weird undertone of children
kidnapping I don't know if I like it
damn look at that Saints house panic
room what you cookin mr. pig you cooking
up an evil plan aren't you don't go up
in there no he don't want the tuna you
want something else
oh no oh this head will be good whoa
whoa it's evil eye what just happened is
he dead hey what's happening oh my god
he just got hit by the demon from
insidious on that now I'm done with this
game this game has been scary as fuck it
has been evil they had some weird
undertones a great I'm gonna give this
game 5 out of 5 dead baby birds all
right you guys hope you have fun playing
with me I felt like with you maybe some
comments let me know what game you want
me to be like most kind of two guys I
love you and I will see you tomorrow
hi hashtag mill shelter are yes today we
are going to be talking about the fake
bitches on Instagram
Louise saying hashtag no filter y'all
I'm talking about you mom
