ha sido felt our yes today we are going
to be talking about the fake bitches on
Instagram who be saying hashtag no
filter y'all I'm talking about you mom
now on Shane explains I like to take a
term look up what it really means and
then dissect it like a frog in science
class or a burrito at chipotles got to
make sure there's no hair in it and
today's term is hashtag no filter now I
went to urbandictionary com and this is
what it says hashtag no filter a term
used to describe an unedited photo it
also says to pull down your pants and
fart removing the filter provided by
your clothing next time I fart Lisa's
face I'm definitely going to scream
hashtag no thought thanks for be dick
shin area so this is a term that pisses
me off um well a lot of things piss me
off mainly when people take pictures of
sunsets oh my god I've never seen that
before I'm an alien from another planet
and this is my first day on earth and
I've never seen a fucking sunset thank
you so much glitzy girl 58 because of
you I understand the solar system now I
also understand that you're 358 pounds
because that angle varies lettering but
the second most annoying thing on
Instagram to me is the hashtag no filter
now listen I am a filter user I am not
gonna lie sometimes you know you got to
make your eyes pop you gotta make a
teeth white you gotta make your penis
disappear but I've never said hashtag no
filter that's because that would be a
lot that'll be like the dads and little
people big world being like hashtag I
make seats all or me being like hashtag
I'm straight away if you have to use
filters to make yourself look
presentable just own up to it half of
you bitches on Instagram don't even look
human in these pictures you make your
eyes different sizes you make your nose
smaller make your teeth big you make
Jim's mom by the end of the
photoshopping you end up looking like a
fucking webkinz you should let hashtag
webkinz and what's the angle like are
you hoping that somebody sees this
picture and goes hey
yo that bitch right there I think imma
fuck that bitch she got these big eyes
like bigger than normal you know like
bigger than humanly possible she got
these white ass teen like so white that
if I really got close to it
motherfuckers will go blind and she got
this hair it's like pink like it's not
humanly possible but for some reason in
this picture she look big yo and then
thats kindle like that skin is flawless
like it has no pimples it has the
wrinkles has no freckles like that
motherfucker just looks pregnant I want
to meet this bitch you know what I'm
about to hit her up on Instagram germs
and see what's crackin and then you know
they're gonna do they're gonna see
what's crackin and that shit is your
face cuz that shit is cracking busted a
broken John and what are you gonna do
you're gonna meet up with them at a
coffee bean hopefully a public being
where kids and they're gonna see what
you really look like and they're gonna
be like hashtag no thank you so I guess
what I'm trying to say is women out
there who are looking to hook up with
strangers on the internet because you're
afraid dead talk to people in real life
because you lack social skills stop
putting hashtag no filter instead just
put hashtag I am me and hashtag I'm
lonely and I am willing to do anal
because both of those things are going
to get you more ass than hashtag no
filter well so question of the day are
you a hashtag no filter user or do you
use filters and not get shit also leave
me some comments letting me know what
turn you want me to dissect next all
right you guys okay if I hang with me
I'd my name with you will see you
tomorrow hashtag I promise hashtag I'll
take a shower next time hashtag my
hashtag a smell like fish hashtag
here we got ready Tim I'm trying this is
like the miracle worker if your wait let
me help you draw its water Helen
