so yeah I think it's officially time for
a life change okay I was going to say
hair cut but girl this is a life change
this is enough this is it
this should be gone this should be done
this should be shaved off this should be
thrown into the wild this should be
burped let on fire thrown into a trash
can and then peed on by beaver it should
be demolished and I don't want time
because I'm busy working this week so
next week it's gonna be gone and that's
a lotta price they'll be here but the
week after that it'll still be here and
I'll still be complaining about it cuz
I'm too scared to do anything just want
to give you an update have you guys yes
I'm in my bathroom now I'm walking out
of my bathroom hard vlogs exciting I'm
gonna film some videos today I'm excited
I don't know what this is like a skin
rash I mean grime getting old
this is falling apart this is just Haven
n I've done too much to it anyways
Brittani Louise Taylor is coming over
we're gonna film some collabs and it
should be fun I haven't seen her in a
while I'm gonna ask her what she's been
doing she's gonna ask me what I've been
doing I'm gonna say nothing and then
that's gonna be it friendship look at
those you know those boots look like
what like those fetish videos online
where the guy lays down and his balls
are like through a hole and like a piece
of wood and the girl walks on the
mingoes and steps on them and he goes ah
tell me you hate me every time I look at
that
squishing balls I call them ball
squishers like you know how people come
like shit-kickers no no no that might
grow those are my heels I'm calling them
ball squishers I'm good I think those
are actually your feet up right bigger
than mine 108 I'm mentally they like
guys you sometimes like converse I'm n
size like four and I have I wait what
are we talking I'm in size wait wait
what did you hear Enrique Iglesias came
out saying his a small penis no idea he
came out for the for the small penis
community he said I want everybody to
know that I do have a small penis and
I'm proud of it if you got Anna
Kournikova I don't know what that means
that was forever that's a person yeah
Kournikova yeah that sounds like a
terrible peanut butter brain that I
would never like ooh girl no it's
natural you just got to mix it and it
looks like vomit but it's good because
it's all-natural organic Kournikova girl
you got to try that with jelly Oh
delicious what are we gonna do I don't
know wait okay we'll do the ball
squishing challenge you come on I'll
just lay down you can just step on them
do you really want to squish your balls
kind of huh what are you doing I'm
trying to be a bad angle you can't some
part is you use your damn flip camera
which makes everybody look like their
head is five fucking listen billion
pounds pounds and I still used to quit
can I'm gonna take that shit I'm gonna
throw it in a fire I'm gonna burn get
rid of it quick cameras are so oh they
are literally it's so old not only am i
right but the company is out of business
that's why I'm holding vintage it's cool
it's not
it's worth zero now so we should just
you know get rid of it come on let's get
let upgrade here come on
what are we allocating literally an
upgrade would be a fucking Polaroid like
an upgrade Polaroid camera ah the Canon
has 100 or whatever it is like I have it
because up puts the flogger camera like
a little tiny I hate everybody
like I hate everybody like just get a
normal camera why you got to get like a
longer camera oh wait you have one I
don't hate you though you're different I
feel like you had it before all the
bloggers I did it I got it someone told
me to get man you know what forget bad
hey keep your flip cam that's fine
that's fine which is it's like a meth
lab what's happening yeah I'm a mess
okay great
alright so it's the end of the day we
just filmed some videos now we're
waiting for the big moment of you
kicking me in the balls I don't want to
get your ball you have to kick me the
ball okay we're gonna do it and then I'm
gonna oh I just got this phone so I'm
gonna do the slow-motion it's gonna be
slow-mo kick to the balls come loose I
kick you in the balls okay yeah I just
want to get I just want to feel pain
it's been so long about them you can
feel your balls
nevermind alright let's do it hey guys
go that was me getting kicked in the
balls and that was us being stupid
question of the day who do you want to
kick in the balls who do you want to
kick in balls
Ronald McDonald his balls made soup out
of it for sure
perch√© what's up yep banana does if any
of the energy tomorrow burn I mean I a
stranger's to kiss and all of a sudden
they were arrested on accounts of
pedophilia
Rosie
