hey welcome to Banco more we talk about
everything that is blowing up on the
Internet
Justin Bieber who a lot of adjectives
come to mind none of them is positive
Justin Bieber's legal deposition was
recently leaked to the Internet and it
is honestly one of the best films I have
ever seen you know what I'm sorry it is
a video there is a huge difference video
not film this is a film would you please
watch that Lu you said it's a film you
should watch the film is this a film is
it is there a different this is the
fluid film and something else yes have
you ever talked with Selena Gomez and
discussed your feelings about
paparazzi's with don't ask me about her
again come on do it don't ever don't ask
you ever just don't ask me liar again
how do you everyone asked me whether
yogurt you can squash it
guess what I don't call okay cut Alexis
you are going to need to say something
about Justin I mean how do you feel
about the situation don't ask me about
her again well say something don't ask
me about her again
in all honesty Justin Bieber does at
least look male in the deposition I was
going to say something else about it but
guess what I don't recall a video about
strangers kissing is quickly going viral
but similar to tumblr and homeless
people with iPhones I don't get it
I can tell the chin didn't have to face
your mother without saying sure kissing
is great and based on every rap song
ever kissing strangers is better I guess
I just don't really understand the art
behind it I mean I ask strangers to kiss
and all of a sudden there are arrested
on accounts of pedophilia so speak on
YouTube I learned how to take a selfie
with a black person one is daytime you
may think oh my god the Sun is out so
much right I can take a picture wherever
I want and it's gonna be flawless but
you're fucking wrong or people of color
our face needs to be in direct
competition with the Sun if the sun is
shining east your face needs to be
looking west because that way the light
hits your face we cannot have our face
in the same direction that the Sun is
illuminating have you ever seen a selfie
with a black person and the Sun is
behind them this life-changing advice I
thought I'd show you the proper
procedure for taking a photo with a teen
girl hey guys it's sets Alexa Ashwell
pair and I'm gonna be teaching you how
to take a photo with a teen girl so the
first thing you're going to want to do
is find another teen girl and um like
all my friends were they were like busy
or something tonight I'm just gonna just
keep use myself cuz like I'm setting up
to be two teen girls you was you're
gonna wanna seems like facing each other
like so but just uh pretend there's um
another human being and the next thing
you're gonna want to do is you're gonna
want to turn out like a 400 degree angle
you're gonna want to put your arms like
oh you don't want to hug them too much
because showing too much affection for
another human being it's like whoa this
is Instagram not PD a gram and also love
is scary
that's you just gonna want to like go
like mmm and I'm you want to caption
that with something like my girl
literally my fave oMG can't believe I
get to see her hashtag football hashtag
pumpkins that's it I hope you guys
really learned how to take a photo with
another teen girl um it's not something
I use a lot a but um it's good to know
for when you do have fun
so and if you don't have a filter you're
dead
thank you for watching this week's messy
episode of uncom hopefully we didn't hit
you with our explosive internet shrapnel
if you did enjoy this episode please
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chizel to check
out my latest video where I talk about
things that people do that annoy me to
no end
why are you doing that with your arm I
will see you next week with a brand new
episode of Bond common until then za
good and now to shame for the question
of the day
ha Heywood's me guys hope you enjoy the
episode about calm I know I did
question of the day what were your
thoughts on the first kiss video because
I thought it was fucking terrifying
what were your thoughts good so it's
pretty captivating is one of those
things where I thought I wanna watch
this forever Wow hey trust that review
yeah are you guys happy up i named it
the fighting with you now see you
tomorrow
