I'm just going to take a wild guess that
today's game is going to be one of those
games where I create a person and then I
talk to a bunch of fake people in a fake
world full of fake creepiest it's called
wizard 101 and it was the most requested
game I have ever gotten before in the
comments I'm praying to God it has
nothing to do with wizards because even
the thought of wizards and Harry Potter
and magic makes me want to crawl into a
hole and magically just never come back
out it makes me want to abracadabra and
just a fucking here let's start playing
Wizards 101 and if it's a creating of
people I'm going to be Harper
oh god this gonna be stupid got a big
old cloudy ball got a monocle got a big
old weird buck look let's give it a try
new wizard yes of course missile city is
with one of the minion worlds to smile
wait a minute I know that voice
that's witty the Pooh you can't fool me
I know that's poop I know wonder need
that beard that wizard add my creepy as
monocle that's pool under there I think
up we need to poo doing the voice that
means this game gonna be a bunch of poo
Mary's house adds skip here we go oh
here we go
it's one of these games let's make a
person and play with it play fake ass
people and a bunch of fake guest rooms
in a bunch of fake ass worlds piss off
some real has people actually that
sounds fun my vision seems to be failing
me are you a boy or a girl
it is 2014 that is not a question you
need be asking you never know who's
transitioning you bad poot you bad for
that alright we'll be Rihanna went on
rachel storm groans she sounds like she
got a disease let's do something else
random this is fun it's like Vegas
Gabrielle story breeze ooh a summer and
a Tyler Perry movie once it was pretty
good Michelle unicorn none damn that's
sad your parents just were like oh I
don't want to name this bitch anymore
let's just
one day oh no way I like Mindy water
bone obey nuts boarding ouble Oh blood
Mindy wild blood that's a stripper oh no
oh no I fucked it up you're ready in
soul Strider
you know what that's not a stripper but
that's a beautiful person right there
absolutely to keep that I've metal for
myself or a trophy for a team should I
be honest I'll say a trophy for my team
because I'm a team player
we should be she is the most powerful oh
well I don't know I mean earthquake
kills are scary volcano much a hot ass
liquid coming out of a little asshole I
mean we all saw how Miley turned out
blizzard it's not that scary
hurricane girl don't get me started
Katrina tornado ass saw twister you saw
that calf life here that was fucked up
plague that's dire your right hand a
sandstorm that's what I call with two
girls with shaved pussy scissor I should
have kept that to myself I am smart nope
I am fast no I'm a no sorry I was
eliciting what I'm honest enough no I'm
extremely creative
I'm very well brown that's just a nice
way of calling me fat Pooh I'm a good
extremely creative does your favorite
season I don't know I hate everything
winter what is more important to you
nothing
meeting against others now cooperating
with I don't care
say competing against others top-down
grabs and balanced with a why is clever
for free and ajar be seamless sorcerers
include Cleopatra architecture and
Berlin balance wizards agree to adjust
the rules of combat I don't want to be a
balance wizard I want to be like a demon
wizard I want to be like a Wizard of Oz
fly monkeys and shit
ooh here's all the Wizards okay guys
fire you got ice you got stored you got
nit balance and dad dad that's
depressing let's go a fire
that's me that's mean that's mean
that ain't English five events include
all the same
we got close all right so we're fire ah
man
all right fuck it let's say I'm 90 plus
a real girl don't tell her age
especially a fire girl fire garage my
name will be old ass creeper old ass
creepers already taken oh this game it's
not safe all right then we'll go cold
ass creeper 864 what the fuck my
computer just froze I'm not playing this
game I hope you guys know I hope you
guys know that I'm fucking I'm done I'm
done guess what all you got is a video
of me pissed the fuck off because this
shit don't work that's what y'all got
y'all better be happy with that cuz I'm
in the class of finder and I will burn
down your house if he was not happy with
that wizard all right guys well I'm
gonna go because my computer's broken I
got to go to the MAC store now you want
to play that game you want to play that
wait in line at the Genius Bar for five
hours for somebody that is not a genius
somebody that's clearly not a genius
somebody that did not go to college and
I didn't go to college either but I'm
not claiming I'm a damn genius I got
this Disneyland music playing like
that's not going to irritate the shit
out of me now I got to go to the MAC
store and you got the Disneyland music
playing in the background that just adds
to the annoyance I going to the damn MAC
store I'm done
hope you guys have fun hang with me have
fun hang with you I didn't actually I
had a terrible last time I pissed I'm
done leave me a comment let me know what
to play next 9 gonna play and I'm done
I'm not playing no more games I'm done
I'll see y'all motherfuckers later have
a magical last day because I'm about to
have a magical last night at the Apple
Store hope to see you there
I love you guys bye do I look sad like
do it let's pretend like we're actors my
best friend just died I don't know what
I'm gonna do that cornea a car that was
too weird they don't know what to do
about it you just look like a drunk
prostitute
