hey yo I think it's despicable me time
bar to toe hey guys
yes today we are doing the raw onion
challenge oh you're gonna love this
because you love onions I love onions
because I love what it's not like and I
just melt like what I loved
you must love ass again you must love
poopie
well this is gonna mean that we're not
gonna kiss for it Oh dad perfect give me
some more onions so yes basically what
the challenge is is we have two minutes
to eat as much of this onion as we can
it is time hopefully we don't die
hopefully I don't enjoy it too much god
I'm scared I've actually never been to a
rotten Yin so I'm actually kinda nervous
me too is it gonna make me cry I'm so
emotional oh shit in my actually no I
it's so emotional baby I'm gonna cry
because of that noise alright can I feel
the skin part off cuz I know you gotta
bite through it alright ready
I'm afraid and
and got a bucket oh I don't really mind
yeah my Oh burrow my mouth uh I got my
first good chunk down oh my god it kind
of clears out your sinuses the fuck is
wrong with you
uh I'm gonna make you chill my armpit
cuz it's close to the same thing right
key is fine huh ah all right if I'm a
fucking burn up in here I'm crying I'm
crying I get so much oh I'm crying and
cry I'm like for what oh my god what the
long babies if we ever went on the shows
we got to like eat shit we'd be so bad
in it I know girl I'm crying it's
burning it's burning really fucking bad
all are gonna show bad look at the tears
don't attach your eyes I bet crank is
emotions are because I'm scared guy I am
the man in this relationship
oh my god music I actually can't see can
you see this
I'm so sick it's really everybo this is
so stupid
who thought of it wait oh I know it hurt
I love you know ah it was separating I
what do i do enjoy some milk in it I
don't know no you just go wash your face
see when I make dinner every night and
I'm crying it's not because I love you
so much it's because I'm making fucking
onions oh when I cry red you it's cuz
I'm just sad that I'm here yeah okay
did I win this I think we both lost stop
it oh my word go oh boy we did it wait
this is a good idea like if you're an
actor and you need to cry do I look sad
like okay let's pretend like we're
actors my best friend just died I don't
know what I'm gonna do
cornea a car that was too weird they
don't know what to do about it you just
look like a drunk prostitute I feel like
what oh this isn't terrible hey guys gob
you might 100k I won emotionally geez
well if you guys want to see us do the
lemon challenge which is probably gonna
be worse go over to her channel check it
out subscribe I feel like we should tag
someone in this just to be an asshole ok
I tagged Joey eat a raw lemon asshole I
want to see you cry from tears you made
me cry yeah I'm double that mmm
are you guys gonna be up on crime with
us we have fun crying with you and I
will se you tomorrow oh god don't touch
your face don't hit you don't touch
anything
air kiss see if Siri wants to play what
a bunch of nuns heads
my wife's archetype huh and this is why
my bad person for looking at large
breasts and sexy mugs
