while I'm like damn work that pushy
yeah you should've like said before we
started this house xiexie compadre catch
with you guys working I can't get
comfortable I was making a joke juice
oh I was giving their eyes like jello
rather than Chad oh I am here with
YouTube all sometimes you might okay
that's my name dream head Jeremy wrong
what from life in general she's nice
she's been away we are doing a Q&A about
my hashtag super bunch of 2014 because
these two are in the super project has
janky though completely like their God
we are hashtag I know right Marcie wants
to know do you feel hashtag blessed
hashtag hella bless amen I feel hashtag
heaven like super who is the most sassy
in the cast um like you're so sassy here
are pretty fancy I was serving up
Wendy's and they've been bitches were
expecting when I'm talking about Obama I
would give us mercy bitch I don't know
if the Hornets I'd knock the corners
cute lolli wants to know do any of you
have a crush on each other
I am crucial Michele I wish that date
from month
Jason I was Michelle's another Grammy
she's not here because true richard
childress to her debasement happen who
in the film acts like a weird creepy
pedophile you're known for being up I
feel like your fans call you put a file
a lot what David wants to know where do
you see yourself in ten years years
thank you fuck you
that bitch was like damn bleep
Cheesecake Factory and I was like you
how many slices you want she said one I
gave her the whole pie mm-hmm I don't
like how they put they have to put a
little bit of known actual cheese unlike
the charm okay
wait what I'll eat the whole thing will
be bunnelby gray there's Butterfinger
Reese's whatever and then like at the
end will be sliver of cheese there's not
yeah there is no there's not that's what
cheese no no they jump you skate why
would I make that why don't I think I'm
eating cheese my mom does that just a
thing I just like oh there's cheese in
the air today anyway you're gonna go new
boyfriend you're gonna call your dog and
you guys are dead hahahaha oh my god
I've ever done I am my phone died oh no
God did you get door shut out the Jimmy
yes
cancer that's terminal anyway next
question who's Jasmin wants to know what
is your favorite thing about your dog
his breathing pattern alex cream has a
question
lianna Julianne one my thing we're a big
fan my favorite are the rumors true that
one of the cast members had to stick a
live electric eel up their butt in the
sea we didn't have like a real instead
and
before we started the movie we had each
casting crew members they've got their
ass for a buck blown up their mouth
Crossing actors before we start rolling
and we didn't again around we did not
get that on camera it's going to be an
elite at unrated version of the film we
found out on the set that there's a lot
of hidden talents including one where
Drew can do a really creepy little boy
voice if you like to see really
inappropriate things yeah so why don't
you turn your head and do the boys
didn't waste your turn my yeah cuz I
don't wanna see your face because never
ends it oh oh oh well guys bye ha ha
thank you good project as dodgy down the
regime go check out Jews channel where
we do something over there my toe
youtube.com slash my toe they already
know and go tell true that it's to feel
bad that it's doctor
oh you see don't have stuffed animals
huh one thing I hate in this world is
liars can you keep a secret we don't
need to eat or drink
so we're basically immortal
