hey yo I think it's despicable me time
bar to toe
I'm just warning you guys I'm about to
get real violent I'm about to throw a
computer out the window just call me
Rihanna cuz I'm about to get punched and
then fight back you guys wanted me to
play possible quiz number two I didn't
even get through the first one I don't
know what makes you think I'm gonna even
attempt to get through this one but I'm
going to and I'm gonna lose my shit so
let's do this alright here we go
ah begin a fart and then a boom splash
perfect impossible quiz that scared me
okay where does the general keep his
armies uh I don't know Madagascar no
barracks
damn it in the bin Madagascar of this
Levy's ah that's not a word which of the
following do you need to build a
greenhouse a greenhouse glass how is
that wrong
which of the following you need to build
a greenhouse like a greenhouse right
plants hmm I'm gonna be calm I'm gonna
become that's fine why is it so loud uh
piss ladies let's just say vodka damn it
paint perfect which is the largest oh
shit I don't know milky way I don't is a
king size um galaxy Kevin Mars fuck
earth what is this trash can
happy kin well it's I don't know it's a
kid ah
okay up and sleeve ease pain Christmas
spirit
fuck American a merry can I get it
Frank says press you um press D twice
press E press arm cutter Oh God
how many letters in this sentence how
many letters in this sentence 20 21 22
23 24 25 26 27 28 28 how many letters in
this sentence that's right dammit how is
it 8 oh I could sent it off use the
right key we don't know this one hmm I'm
smarter than this this one use the right
key ah fuck yeah fuck you I press the
right arrow you guys know okay where
does the Great Wall of China start I
don't know the Chinese border over there
ten letters in where does the Great Wall
of China start one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten ten letters in
fuck yeah okay now I'm getting it I'm a
yo brain mother fucker evolve looks like
it should I click it Oh God
it's derping I don't like it I don't
know what I'm doing it hurts
I don't is this right I'm just molesting
it it's no but now it's going the other
way that was right oh shit what happens
if you peep peep peep pick up the
penguin what happens if you pick up a
penguin penguin poo what happens if you
pip hit pick up a penguin nothing
penguin poop it pecks your face off
bingo
mmm it fills your stomach I don't get it
though what happens if you pick the pick
a penguin and what that means we this
like I ever clicked on olden Oh y'all is
crazy put the mouse on here okay ah
don't touch blue drop tea
don't drop the key and don't try to
cheat oh god of such a shaky
motherfucker
ah how would you even cheat ah I almost
got it oh it's going in put your key in
the ignition
yes Oh God
answer this question upside down
cucumber by all right answer this
question upside down what I don't want
to do uh yeah what do Germans water
their gardens with urine though ain't
going to Germany what do Germans water
their gardens with lederhosen that was a
joke though that's not even a quiz oh
god what is this but I just clicked on
oh oh wait what
oh okay it's a puzzle now I understand
oh god no I don't
oh god Susan Chinese own terrible
Chinese Oh a headache can I just give up
oh I hate it I'm done I'm done
fuck dis fuck dis y'all fuckin well
there you guys go
I got into whatever the fuck that level
was fuck this game
fuck it I'm happy though I didn't get
you mad I didn't like punch anything I
didn't like harm myself I didn't scream
that loud good job Shane guy on the back
question of the day what game should I
play next time also do you like this
game cuz I don't all right you guys have
you happening with me happening with you
and I was you tomorrow for a new video
yeah sorry my brain just melted I just
died this can't kill me Slenderman is a
mysterious creature who stalks children
girls I could've just called him Shane
I'm kidding I don't stock children I
find them and I kill them
