I have a massive spot on my arse
ah - that's scary you did you think what
happened is Shane's face it's gone man
when it came out it was more terrifying
than ever and then you instantly wanted
me to cover it up again this just got
sad hey what's up you guys yes today
we're gonna be talking about a different
man with no face Bruce Jenner I was made
now we're gonna be talking about
Slenderman the scariest man and a nicely
fitted panic of the disco suit in the
middle of the wilderness yep
that's terrifying so as you guys know on
Shane explains I will talk about
something explain it and then try to
figure out what it all means
Slenderman has been around for a long
time let me get the exact date the
origin of Slenderman started in 2009
when some fake pictures were released of
a tall faceless man with a suit walking
behind children I have a Michael Jackson
joke here but I'm not gonna say it
because I love him and I love Paris so
rest in peace Slenderman is a mysterious
creature who stalks children who girls I
could have just gone into shame I'm
kidding
I don't stock children I find them and I
kill them so then I guess after the
picture started spreading they created a
myth about the character and eventually
turned it into a video game
which I have played and is not scary at
all I know you guys act like it's a
scariest game in the world I don't find
anything scary about walking around the
wilderness oh god that is terrifying
having draw physical activity oh I hate
wearing boots where's the food at I
gotta eat bugs any bugs with a campfire
Rhett it's our game card if we gets more
Rockets fuck on this more right now
there we go s'mores oh yeah I guess it
just got scary but I guess in every
generation there is kind of a myth about
a crazy person that tries to kill
children I mean we have lodge or all of
that which I just mispronounced which
was about a woman who kills children
outside of a beach I think there's Santa
Claus I mean
act like he's going to every single
house in the whole world in one night
and not gotten a couple fails there's
the Easter Bunny
I mean we're eating things out of his
ass there's a tooth fairy
I mean that bitch's shadiest but she's
taking your TV girl that's nasty and
there's Ryan Seacrest mother fuck is
everywhere so I guess the whole idea is
to scare kids into not wanting to go
outside which you don't really need a
legend to do that you just give them a
computer and they'll never fucking leave
I'm guessing the children watching this
video right now have not left their
computer all day so I guess the real
question of the day is why is this scary
to people why is the game scary I'm not
scared by any of this it's because I'm
not a kid is it because I think having
no face is kind of sexy I mean the
scariest parts me is that he's so tall
because there is nothing more
uncomfortable than having like a
conversation with somebody that's eight
feet tall and then you're talking to
them and you're doing the math in your
head and you're like okay if their hand
is this big and their neck is this big
and everything is this big the sad
moment when you realize Slenderman is
pecking more heat than you all right you
guys those are all my thoughts on
Slenderman I think he's stupid what are
you guessed right we're hope yeah but
hang with me I'm funny with you and I
will see you tomorrow bye
don't go ahead side not that I had to
tell you that
let's just stay inside fuck it anybody
got smorc it sounds real good right now
