hey what's up you guys yes it is Monday
and I know
Monday's are terrible and you hate it
and you're probably just getting home
from school and you wish it wasn't
Monday but I'm gonna give you a little
sliver of entertainment maybe a little
bit of joy to get you through the week
oh you thought I was talking about this
video no this isn't gonna be
entertaining at all I'm gonna show you a
picture of an old woman having an orgasm
yeah that's spiced up your Monday you
just wait till Wednesday when I give you
your out date tree I'll give you a hint
there's animals involved well there you
go the video started out creepy and it's
only gonna get creepier let's get into
it
Cannell if you want to know Shane how
are you Wow not used to questions like
that I don't think anybody's asking how
I am in a long time well I mean if you
want me to be honest I'm well stressed
out a little tired a little hungry a
little depressed that 2012 didn't happen
kind of mad at the Mayans for fucking
that up and a little bit ready to go to
sleep and never wake up
yikes do real no I'm okay I'm good I'm
fine I keep saying I'm fine does that
mean I'm not fine oh my god am I not
fine this is why people shouldn't ask
you these questions keep it to dick
jokes don't ask me how I am although do
you ever go to the store and somebody
says how are you and you just say fine
but like what if we were honest that
would be a really uncomfortable moment
at the story hi welcome to Walmart how
are you doing today
oh wow I haven't been asked that a long
time cleek what um my husband just
cheated on me my baby just died and I
just started eating food stamps I didn't
understand how they worked so I just
started eating them uh I don't know how
to answer that I can show you where the
bathroom is and where you could get in
atella oh quit equip you know exactly
what I need
yeah the world would be a better place
Cindy wants to know Shane what's the
weirdest thing you've ever eaten I used
to eat my armpit hair like eat it like
snack on it like get excited about
coming home from school taking my shirt
off twirling it around with my fingers
ripping it out and putting it in my
mouth there was something about
sure and the flavor it was like my body
had been cooking it all day and there
was something I liked about it getting
caught in my throat it was like an itch
that I could never scratch hey I warned
you this video is gonna get creepy Chris
wants to know Shane what was it like to
be poor I'm so a lot of you guys no
waste before when I was a kid and I'm
sure a lot of you guys reported although
it's weird nowadays poor people have the
internet they have iPhones it's a little
bit different than when I was four I
didn't even have a Tamagotchi pen which
if I had one definitely would have died
but it was hard it was hard to be poor
but you know what it made me care about
things that appreciate things that
normal people probably don't I think
it's why I'm so obsessed with going to
Target like a normal person probably
isn't as obsessed as I am the fact
there's a store filled with random
things that I don't need that I can now
afford like shitty sunglasses or ugly
towels with ugly people's faces on them
or a bunch of shitty furniture that you
have to put together that never looks
good or flavors of Doritos that should
not be flavors of Doritos who thought
lasagna Dorito was a good idea that
person needs to die uh and they need to
the checkout line and the angry clerk
asks you if you want to pay for a
plastic and then you say bitch hello ah
I love it and not to mention the logo
for Target looks like a big old goat see
if you don't know what that is don't
look it up Ben wants to know Shane do
you ever take a bunch of selfies and not
post them I try to take selfies as
little as possible because they make me
so uncomfortable it's like having a
photo session with yourself so instead
of like a big sassy gay guy being like
yes core work work pose post skinny arms
getting our fat on fat on stop it stop
it with the arm there we go okay perfect
perfect bend over squat down
yes lift your butt yes open your mouth
just a little bit ever so slightly Oh
perfect just like that I want to put my
finger in but not my dick in that's what
I want and we got it instead of that
it's just me being like oh yeah yeah
yeah work it
oh god no oh god stop working able to
throw up and then I take like hundred of
them and then I delete all of them and
then I take one more and then I facetune
shit out of it I make my eyes pop I make
my skin clear I make my hair not greasy
I basically played God Oh imagine what
it'd be like to play God
I would kill so many things Amy wants to
know Shane what are your thoughts on the
Disney Channel right now well I have
many thoughts that is a lie I don't have
any thoughts that would be terrifying if
I did well let me just pull out my
journal where all I do is talk about the
Disney Channel oh yeah so many thoughts
Raven Raven Raven oh the guy from Philly
the future mmm rest in peace there's a
lot of things I miss about the Disney
Channel Phil in the future even Stevens
that really creepy movie where Tyra
Banks played a black Barbie who came to
life and Lindsay Lohan played with her
you think when Z Lohan ever gets tripped
out on drugs and goes to Tyra Banks and
says you're not real
god I hope so and my other favorite
thing they did was play with those magic
penis things and go yeah well Jacuzzi
channel and then splooge like magic
greens on the screen my favorite was
when Lizzie and Miranda would fight each
other with the magic splooge shit was so
fucking hot but now the Disney Channel
just gonna sucks
and turn it on the other day I got so
depressed the shows aren't that funny
the kids aren't as young as they used to
be there's no more splooge it's kind of
sad so here's my thought Disney Channel
if you're watching this video please
bring back the classics coming back
Lizzie McGuire bring back even Stephens
make Tyra Banks a big creepy black
Barbie again I'm sure Lindsay Lohan is
free and available to beat it give me my
own show I'm full of creepy green
splooge oh my god it could be a show
about me and Raven and we were separated
at birth I know what you're thinking we
don't look similar but hear me out maybe
the dad was white the mom was black I
got the white jeans she got the black
jeans she also got the fat jeans and so
did I oh it would be amazing so I know
this is usually the part where I tell
you guys to leave me questions in the
comments but let's do it something
different I don't want
guys to leave me an idea for the title
of me and ravens Lucia like Disney
Channel I think it should be called
chocolate-vanilla swirl I'm gonna let
you guys decide
haven't you Chris hope you're funny with
me happening with you well you know one
woman one aluminium beer can a lot of
ingested alcohol brings us the practical
use for boobs
