my favorite part was after Tricia's
performed she's performed she just
finished I'm crying all the drunk people
are crying and I went to tap you to be
like can you believe that like I'm so
excited and I grabbed you and this is
how you turned out me motherfucker
hi guys yes we're going to have
ourselves a fucking epic pool party
because we went we got literally every
single toy that's the store that I don't
know you're thinking Shane why did you
get more pool toys if you don't need to
take care of the pool to already have
and what I say to that is bitch you're
fucking right I don't know what happened
to her but she's my fucking current mood
this summer actually this does kind of
look like a cemetery for pool too
I don't even know what the fuck that is
that involves sports so obviously we
didn't use her and that donut is covered
in birches what ignore all that and
let's have a party okay come on join the
party five all right so we are going to
go through all of these toys and also
play with all of them and if you want to
come to journey I was buying all the
toys and doing a lot of really gross
stuff go over to his channel data okay
we're sure so I want to start with this
now I know you're thinking Shane that's
just a typical like water and soda
cooler but what I say to you is no
you're wrong this is another torture
device for my animals so I feel bad the
Cheetos always suck in sideways join the
party not feel bad because she knows
always inside it isn't really good to
enjoy the pool look you know so I
thought why don't we just shot him in
his water cooler so close I think he's
going to like that less although he is
always watching us play in the pool from
the window jealously
that ain't a word I just made it up
let's do it okay so this is Cheetos
house house to her that's it this is
actually very scary and he's gonna have
a panic attack let's do it oh my god he
is not ready okay that's your new litter
box
feel free to shit in it he kind of likes
it hey cute oh oh I don't want him to be
too scared he's always looking out at
the pool oh my god oh my god oh it's so
cute oh my god I'm gonna cry I think he
likes it no no don't ruin this oh my god
cute he likes it whoo no stop ruining it
wait this next thing
a really cool toy but I thought at
Target I got excited these are smoke
balls and I guess you light it and like
a bunch of smoke comes out so really you
ready wait oh oh my god I don't I don't
think so I don't know I don't know wow I
know what you're nursing is that oh my
god oh my god that was the gay thing
you've ever done
I need let me fuck you okay so I found
this thing it's like a drone I think I
don't remember Stan I've never played
with a drum but supposedly this one
flies and likes win I don't know because
it's obnoxious but I cannot stop it ah
you're not a real YouTube blogger if you
don't have a drone keeping like that
stop quaking
oh my god okay I'm so excited wait how
do I do it I don't exactly know how it
takes off oh my god oh wow me oh me
going into high school alike I think
it's literally broke I think we wrote it
maybe we should have read the
instructions on how to fly it
wait is it actually broken I mean it's
still lit up I think it's broke how
would oh my god wow oh my god oh my god
wait where is it going oh oh no it's
broken no everything fell apart oh my
god whoa cool okay okay all right
killing it
me hovering on Twitter looking for drama
wait do it when I find drama wait come
on I found the drama died for it oh
there she is
Wow oh say them so I got him a sexy
little swimsuit a sexy little hat and
it's proof Moodle furrows and floaties
also I just want you to see like that
bitch on the front living her life
killing it the woman in the background
so fucking jealous like fucking alpha
and on a bitch
actually I don't know I've never seen
any butt like that base wants to freeze
that bitch and destroy her alright now
are you ready to be the sexiest bitch of
the party I don't think that's gonna fit
him I mean we can try is asked to six
bow so no take like Izzie oh my god haha
me squeezing into a medium we need to
cut a hole for the tail no that's how
he's going to get all the bitches with
his ass alright okay I'm cute I'm hot
somewhere he's ready oh my god Oh can't
deal with those it's cute oh my god
alright he is so happy when I post post
killing it killing it are we killing it
what a sexy little post kendall jenner
shook to death you replaced her when are
you ready you're anything to pool baby
here you go oh good so I don't get my
new outfit wet dough oh I think his arms
are too skinny for them do not relate
also I've got minion balloons because I
like the idea of blowing them up and
then talking your song why do you hate
men in so much suddenly alright I'm
about to live my nightmare I'm gonna
create a bunch of minions oh my god I'm
like a minion dad alright here we go
1 2 3 oh oh my god
oh they're birthing oh no am i liking
them now am i starting to become a
minion stand
I'm not going to lie I am kind of proud
of my minion babies these are not my
kids because if they were they would be
a lot fatter these are your kids do you
think they're going to smell like
bananas do we have that technology yet
are they supposed to start popping off I
don't know they're wrong oh my god my
babies
some babies my babies are coming alive
oh my god we have some abortions
perfectly definitely had some problems
oh my god
Oh faces what about this one trash I
like this one that's sucking me oh my
god hold on oh I just want to fuck until
he broke you want to see how bad it
hurts okay
all right turn around you want on the
back if I leave a bruise you can make a
tumblr about it oh my god if I leave a
bruise you can make all the video about
it fucking a list of I let me bitch one
two three oh wait see there all right
I'm just gonna do this one as hard as I
can
one two three oh that was your ball that
was your minions we got a fucking
inflatable mechanical bull bitch but
we're gonna ride her I will break her we
also got water balloons and a fucking
water balloon launcher so why don't you
ride the bull and then all fucking Lots
be that you would hurt you can get your
ball I don't think you'll be able to get
me off this thing me with my dick
all right throwing the ball oh my god oh
my gosh it looks so fun is it hard
oh my god it's hard yeah yeah we try to
stay on it this is why I'm always on top
oh my god I didn't even think about the
fact that you're wearing a cowboy hat Oh
cute okay now when it's our water bill
of z103 box come on let me hit you
alright ready wait look up ah this thing
has not worked
I love parties okay now because we're
fucking children we decided that we
should have a ring so we got this
electric boat thing and what you get I
got a car and I call dibs on this sofa
we I'm so confused that's a car suppose
we can drive on water okay me when I'm
Jesus and I'm a car alright so which one
are you I'm the car I love my new toy
channel but Ryan's review watch out we
tread mint to the water now hair turn
yours on sir pretend like it's nosy
Lohan and you're on the freeway oh my
god wait I don't know you could really I
don't know oh my god that's no nose
happening this is here we drive them
into the water
oh wait are you sure that's a water car
for my god I mean she's surviving I
don't know if she's made for whoo like
my bitch is ready bitch oh yeah guys
with the 360 oh shit oh we should have a
cheetah on this oh there we go there she
goes oh my god oh my god Tokyo Drift we
zoom in you're not getting it yeah but
you get this gun welcome to a free water
show hope you're wearing floaties stop
driving further away I'm trying to
compose it I don't know how your car's
dead well I gave up on driving it oh my
god what if they had uber boats and you
wouldn't have to talk to the driver
because it'd be so fucking loud it's
okay I don't have to get myself back
well our plan was to race these but I
don't think that's happening wait I'm
coming too
my driver is warming up right now so
somebody needs to help your car you're
just getting farther away if you see me
do that on the freeway is because I'm
trying to eat a crunch wrap and drive at
the same time fists up idiot if you do
is what you don't think I almost forgot
I got us these little goggles because I
just felt like they were cute and also
like I feel like more gurus right like I
feel like Laura DIY and Rennie light are
actually dead because they quake so hard
but I got a riddle yeah there's
sprinkles and then there's rhinestones
I think watch it okay we have our
fashionable goggles honestly mine are
much cuter than yours yours are
definitely cute mine are definitely like
a Luke we I feel like stretch it out
then they didn't have like kids with
huge head size
I want to size that's for kids who like
have huge heads but they're like it's
just my brain honestly I think I could
wear these dumb luck you know what's
crazy
you look so gay my eyes are suffocating
kicking me when I look in the mirror
picture hold on laying on to break your
is my brain this is gonna bring me your
ball throw for you minor minor actually
actually broke I love cosplay what
superhero would I be ask man that's very
accurate okay these are not staying
so what's going to use them like this
wow those actually look kind of good
that looks like you DIY did I'm just
wondering why I wouldn't hire the print
market all right you want to give it a
dip I see how good they work what does
it look like actually killing on crew
they work better than my one from Target
does it make the pool look like pink and
pretty if he just drowned himself right
now I would jump in with mine but my big
head broken so we're not going to
nothing's your food is blowing up
because I got an inflatable salad bar
hitch we were not going to do that oh my
god we got this huge bags of french
fries if that would have been your
tinder bio I would have swiped a lot
sooner
all right all right let's start oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh I'll keep
going oh I want to swim in that oh
that's beautiful
oh my god wait is that it definitely a
candy bag resurrect are you kidding me I
could eat at one sitting hi welcome to
my cooking show so when you make a pool
filled with french fries first you wanna
like
mix it all up and then you want to
really evenly distribute them throughout
the pool now there's also kind of looks
like a coffin which you're going to need
now it's time to top it with your
ketchup I'm using ketchup that's been
sitting in my garage for three weeks
if the McDonald didn't give you diarrhea
this year well let's give it a nice
design
Oh oh my god oh my god I want to use it
oh my god imagine if this is what Rose
laid on on the Titanic it's honestly
beautiful I get it though I'd be like
Jack there's no room just for me that oh
my god but is it look it's beautiful
this is like a step up from the pizza
that we've loaded this might be a step
down for life my life but honestly if I
eat enough of this I won't even need a
noodle afloat yeah like I'll have so
much salt in me my whole body will swell
up into a huge pool floatie
that touch of is very old if you'd only
want somebody to join me dinner No oh my
god
if he puts his face in that that's how I
learned to swim oh okay Oh No
Oh expecting me after McDonald's well
okay honestly I love an honest review
whoo this is really weird too
this is a water bottle that also has
like a mister on it but I was thinking
like bitches who need bad we should fill
this with diet coke does that not pop I
know I think it needs to be a topping
like ranch or ketchup this is one more
together okay so I have the bottle I
feel like ranch is too big so I don't
think it would actually go up the straw
so I got some Diet Revere I feel like
that's a nice healthy refreshing drink
for summer right ghosts important here
yes all big DIY gurus are shot I don't
know how to do this I guess first you
try it like this
very warm all right
that's probably what my sweat tastes
like it's fucking your root beer that's
really good you want some this is a good
it's refreshing for sure
get going awesome what is he doing I
love giving my dog cancer now I think
it's kind of a fucking battle so we got
these liquidator isn't that a word you
use when you get rid of all your
belongings because you're broke me okay
so how do these work I think you fill up
and then swish out bite you look so
pretty in that hat no no I have a camera
I'm a blogger oh my god what I wish it
looked like when I paid what it actually
looks like when I pee because I'm so
dehydrated okay let's see if I can reach
you did it get oh my god it got you oh
wow
wow that's like good enough to really
piss off the neighbors you know that
pisses out the neighbors listening to
literally my life full volume 3 a.m.
here wait I want to do it right next to
your head okay thank you my relationship
gold I don't want water in my ear let's
do it at the bus okay
actually we censor this fuck you cradle
it all up okay ready and tell me if this
cleans you out 1 2 or 3
okay you know daddy how to get himself a
nice loader
oh my god this big noob is doc now look
at this bitch it is whole like three
people
it says elegant design promises that you
won't be an ugly duckling at pool if
you're ugly the last thing you want to
do is write that that's bringing so much
attention to your ugliness speaking of
which let's go try it all right here we
go oh my gosh he's literally two of you
I love that
there we go oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god why no backpressure oh you
asked for that fall why because you're
supposed to go stomach first
yeah like hold onto his head there's two
handles on his head balance yourself
this is not fun I don't know why the
little girl debacle is always cited I
have no control over it there's a wing
and I asked relative oh yeah like I look
like I'm ducking around
are you quaking you're quacking hey my
well okay so the last thing that we're
going to do something wait to wait for
tonight this is an underwater light show
and colorful sounding now we got two of
them don't know why I think just in case
it doesn't how about end but it shows up
great lighting for a night party you
know I think this is the successful
version of your hot tub glow stick
you're the unsuccessful version of
Daniel crater row but no look I think
mine's going to win look at my fucking
fountain look at her she's a grower
you're just lame all it doesn't light up
underwater bitch you and your last three
DIY video all right let's go get it I
will go drown myself
okay so it's night time and this
motherfucker has been charging all day
so this one's yours I think right
because mine has the fountain on it oh
wait does this one of the family I'll
give you let's see who's the flashiest
oh it's oh my god oh my god alright
let's see if it works
oh my god okay mine is winning that's
mine Wow
you can't claim it after him no it is
that was mine oh my god it's like
fucking Disneyland except not annoying
look at that sad one over the
Wow very toothy I want to get a thousand
of them mmm I love it how do we get them
out if we go that one's real boring well
there we go
that was worth the money my god no that
was our stupid big epic waste time right
here you want to see part two of this
video where we go on by all this shit
and also almost get murdered I won't
give it away
it's insane come on his channel
subscribe and check it out that's my hat
see I left it upstairs
it's done it's time push my ass is quick
like that they got like
Oh
