welcome to bomb combo we talk about
everything that is blowing up on the
internet my room Cyrus's bangers tour
has kicked off with a literal bang as in
the sound of your brain hitting your
skull as hordes of whore model teen boys
idiotic teen girls and those few creepy
dads swarm towards the stage to get a
better glimpse of Miley Cyrus riding a
giant hot dog
murica but the teen boys were not the
only hormonal ones I guess Miley Cyrus
just couldn't resist stealing a smooch
from the California girl herself
since we all know that Katy Perry kissed
a girl and she liked it the tabloids now
have confirmed proof that Miley Cyrus is
not female in a world one woman one
aluminum beer can a lot of ingested
alcohol brings us the practical use for
booze so good party chuckles and to
think I just thought boobs were for
Victoria's Secret ads since we got
YouTube I've learned that Miranda sings
really likes children because my
happiness is well this video will surely
make someone happy pedophiles and Shane
I guess thank you for watching this
inspirational episode of Bob comm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis diesel to check
out my latest video full of butterflies
and sunshine and happiness I will see
you next week with a brand new episode
of bob calm and until then salted and
not to shame for the question of the day
hey if you guys hopefully you enjoyed
that fun episode of Bob gum I know I did
question of the day have you seen frozen
and if you have what are your thoughts
on it I have not seen it but everybody
in the whole world has told me
to go see it
which makes me not want to see it even
more I feel like when my brother would
take a huge and be like dude come
look at it it looks just like George
Clooney and I'd be like no I'm gonna be
that you have to see and I'm like no I'm
good he's like everybody's looking at it
come see it well I went to look at it
and he was right it looked just like
George Clooney I was so corny for it but
anyways no I have not seen frozen so I'm
going to review the poster for it I'm
looking right now I see a blonde girl
with long ass weaves them every Disney
character has a long weave I want to be
a Disney character then I see a little
snowman who's talking which is creepy
not as creepy as it wasn't that one
movie where that kid's dad died and then
became a snowman and then melted and
then the kid cried because his dad
melted what the were they thinking
doing that anyways
the next character looks kind of like me
but buff and cool and totally not like
me so never mind and then they're all in
a bunch of snow which is familiar
because I'm in a bunch of snow right now
doesn't look as fun as this looks and
that's about it
there's my review of frozen um I'm
probably not gonna go see it nor am I
gonna go see the lego movie nor am I
gonna go see anything else in theaters
right now because I don't have time but
at some point I'll go sing it and also
go look at my brother again because
he told me looks just like Jennifer
Lopez and I mean I can't turn that down
all right you guys a BFI manga those we
have funny with you and I was like
tomorrow also there's a bunch of podcast
you guys might not have listened to with
christina grimmie and Hannah Hart and
grace Helbig so go check those out in
the link down there and also I have a
bunch of new main channel videos out I
don't think you guys have seen them
they're awesome so go check
those out Shane and friends that's about
it right let me guys I'm gonna go take
care of this pimple bye
