hey what's up you guys so today I'm
going to be playing a game called qwop
qube wo P which sounds like a racial
slur I'm kind of excited now that I like
racial slurs but I always like learning
new ones not that I ever use them I'm
just saying I'm just digging myself into
a hole
alright let's start playing this co-op
see how racist n sounds terrible I feel
guilty even saying it clop alright here
we go I'll know this looks like physical
activity you are clop our nation's sole
representative of the Olympic Games ooh
that's exciting I've never even played
sports use the coop keys to move your
legs ideally you will run a hundred
meters our training program was
underfunded remember it's not whether
you win or lose
uh actually it is that's the point of a
game you would join a squat here we go
ooh ooh I like my skin color I like my
legs I kind of have a gut that's fine
wait the clock size and calves how I get
it okay bye oh no what just happened I
was forked showing real courage
everyone's a winner
okay oh wait I have to make myself run
Oh God I mean how to run in real life
legs cast legs calves huh look at me get
down get down get down
who did you get down keep there can I go
back foot wait oh wait oh wait
I'm flying ah damn it I'm a bitch okay I
got this so it's like Hugh Oh w PQ o w
PQ o WV q fuck oh I know what's gonna
happen I'm gonna get angry that's why
you guys want me to play this y'all
don't want to see me when I'm angry
except you do which is why you wanted me
to play this okay Cavs look I'm down on
my knees yeah
I'm just proposing girl Oh spice
hey all right we got this ass a bitch
you think this is what it's like
teaching Lady Gaga to dance Gaga no no
Gaga no no
Gaga no that's not right oh damn it Gaga
okay all right no we're going backwards
that's not ready okay
shit I just heard my nuts collapse okay
come on all right come on we got this we
got this
and forward come on come on Benji I just
made up that name
I feel like he's Benji wait best is 3.50
that's how far I got that far good board
no no oh I just broke my ankles okay
come on oh I just pressed our don't
press our no nope ooh that's a good
split though okay no no come on
calf cat shit up yes yes damn it you
know what I'm gonna play the game
differently I'm gonna want him to fail
because then I'll just be happy when he
falls let's see how crazy we can make
him fall come on yeah yeah yeah oh I was
boring he's just chilling and quak quak
quak quak yeah was broke as it and quite
quite all right come on we got this
forward yeah yes yes yes get up come on
girl get up yes yes ah this QWOP is just
not cooperating oh I think I just got it
all right I'm done playing this game
there you guys go that was me playing
co-op I'm sorry I don't I just I don't
want to play anymore
I don't understand it I don't know why I
gave up like this it's very frustrating
and then it just made me sad so leave me
some more ideas for games down in the
comments hopefully nothing has to do
with physical activity and nothing that
makes me sad all right you guys hope you
have fun hanging with me Eponine with
you and it will see you tomorrow oh I
love fucking squirrels
this fucks for us again can we fuck
squirrel while working as long as the
dares watching oh yeah
