hey under the god yes I'm here with
Brittany Taylor there we go
no don't do names they do pretty Lili
Taylor oh now I know you are sorry
youtube.com slash for anything tan line
there we go you did it there you go and
we're doing the dirty questions tag I
just made that up I don't know if it's a
tag or not tag you're it
yeah caught something cuz it's a dirty
and we're gonna do some online and some
on hers probably the dirtier ones on
mine yeah and probably the extra dirty
ones on hers with lots of bleeps and
censorship oh okay herpes hemorrhoids
okay that'll be your start of yours okay
alright you ready for this yeah totally
okay you guys feel free to join in leave
your comments of answering the questions
as well
okay have you ever gone skinny-dipping
no I'm gonna back out yeah you can I
thought that was funny thank you you
where's your bathing suit yeah I don't
want anybody to see me naked oh I don't
mind seeing myself naked just in public
I'm just to where my mom's uh bathing
suit around the house it was a one-piece
I'm not because I know you're serious I
am serious I don't know what mile to go
hey that was a really good memory for
you you really happy I was I loved it
would you ever get your genitals pierced
no no I mean it should be like I was I
was 15 I like here's my ears my ears
like not not a giant on his feelings
right
I'm not piercing my my like a lot I'm
not here City huh are you sure about I'm
sure
there's nerve endings and things that I
see the way that the Chinese get treated
in porn and if there was feeling those
girls would be crying the wait ages
oh my gosh God some of these are not
even dirty I have to make them dirty
like have you ever got your purse stolen
that's not even dirty I mean unless your
purse is a code word no I've left things
because I leave things on acid I've
never got anything stolen just because
it beam klutzy and stay fee a dirtiest
question there was when I ever had sex
in the woods I don't know I mean no is
the first of all I'm afraid of bugs well
what do I mean it like it was a daytime
or nighttime
I don't know but going outside just
sounds terrible yeah like anything
that's like blue that's going to Beach
now that's outside
oh the woods no thanks you like indoors
but I I hike but so Gary's being I would
actually like in the future when I've
actually had sexy time I will let you
know whether I'm when you're hiking
don't you like come across strangers
having sex no but you come across
rappers which is kind of gross rappers
like to condoms yeah oh I think men like
you come present yo yo yo bro you
enjoying your white girl you get it girl
I love your boots I love your book top
bun don't be amazing but no have you
ever smoked pot no I don't believe that
I haven't really don't I swear I swear
on all that's holy I've never smoked pot
before I drank twice it didn't go well
but that's a little time why do you
think you're just so like yeah you're
not I'm the most uptight
oh yeah yeah so I thought neither have I
because I'm boring - oh my god thanks
Shane have you ever thought about having
sex with the teacher no all my teachers
were not not cute
I thought about having sex with my
principal mr. Washington I've talked
about him before in this channel he was
like 55 strong black man like Denzel
Washington but after a sickness because
he was very thin and last but not least
have you ever flashed someone or shown
them your butthole I think I've known
somebody before this house is like that
was that as much as I've done and I was
really wild for me that's crazy
that's really wild and it was very
bright and I blinded them - but of her
well I didn't own anybody because my
butt has a birthmark on it and ain't
nobody seen that what is like a shape
like this city your success are you
serious I mean it's bigger in Texas who
wants to see the Texas birthmark I hate
to see that if I was gay if I was a gay
porn star and I was like really into
taking big dicks my slogan would be
everything's bigger in Texas
everything's better in Texas some
thinker that are it's bigger pattern I
know this is a but I'm saying it would
work what about everything's bigger and
better in Texas there we go or we offer
my lord about everything's bigger and
better in Texas than when you get in
there you're kind of depressed and you
want to go mmm and you're driving her a
really long time for like nothing who
knows I'm so thinking about no go along
there's nothing here I'll just keep
going
well there you guys go we I didn't say
my flavor flash to anybody not on
purpose
but I found myself naked on many
occasions on accident I didn't want my
clothes on I was LaVon I was just like
run around like seven I don't know well
I mean honest you know what like some of
my issues are up at yours are
more we lived on a mountain like in the
middle of nowhere like there wasn't you
right no one's there what it was sir
it's hot I was located a lot of you run
around got your clothes on don't jump
after that I try to arrest it get dirty
know I'm dirty well if you want to see
the rest of the dirtier questions
head on over this dirty bitches channel
they were saying even dirtier even the
one isn't dirty you've clean looks super
clean so clean it's dirty
lots of innuendo aren't you guys
available in the desert living with you
a question of the day have you ever done
skinny-dipping
tell me in graphic detail I'm really
gonna like that so I'm gonna comes all
everything's bigger text by edge
Cisco system I know my black TV living
single cuz we are living single in an
Andes kind of world
