hey you wanna be friends yeah what are
you guys are eating first we nor the
movies we can go to the mall we can go
to Yogurtland
what's up once again whoa whoa what's up
as a cat
wah-wah-wah pussy cat pussy cat where
are you I love a little we're dressed
the same today because we're twinsies
twins lesbos it's the sister never knew
how much I missed you and everybody
knows I ain't ever gonna let you go Arby
remix Sister Sister Sister Sister I've
got my own life I do my own time I my
own time you don't remember that one now
that everybody sees how different we
have come to be a that's not how it goes
sister since then I know my black TV
livin single cuz we are living single in
an Andes kind of world I'm glad I got my
girl keep your head up boy keep it up
that's why I'm girls into my life mi
Raju
we tied like glue check check check it
out check check check
somebody know what I'm talking about
nobody know oh that was before my time
hey let's have you guys yes we were
hanging out today we're just making
videos hanging out and I got we went to
a candy store got a bunch of candy obvi
front okay oh and I decided to get two
big boxes of pop rocks because I thought
you know there's that myth and if you
eat pop rocks you just drop the dog oh
my god she's living she's limping she's
limping she's crying she's sad take care
of her give her kisses hi anyways
there's a myth that if you eat pop rocks
and drink soda at the same time you will
die I want to see if that's true so I'm
gonna have her do it I know so we're
gonna do that and I think that we're
just gonna like watch movies or
something I don't really know she killed
the dog I'm singing theme song this is a
weird day sheesh ain't you hurt her
she's in pain
you know what make her happier the
puzzle place the puzzle place we're
going to the puzzle plates nobody know
what I'm talking about come on and zoom
come on man super zuma-zuma zoom zoom
zoom
just nobody question of the day do you
know what zoom is it was the best
fucking TV show of all fucking time and
if you don't know what it is then fuck
you fuck you hard fuck you hard with
Adam boomba foo and you don't even know
what it's a bum befo is cuz you didn't
watch zoom bitch all right get out of
soda no yes I'm not doing that yes we
are
yep you might you're gonna do it you
can't not do it you can't say no to me
no it's not an answer just imagine how
amazing it's going to be we got again
it's like a world record plaque because
we survived the pop rocks in the diet
coke challenge I'm having my last meal
that looks very sad last meal oh hey
guys welcome to our cooking show we're
about to die
oh my god pop rocks are not that bad for
you only 11 cows for the whole package
farts back you need to keep your
thoughts on the inside okay alright so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna put
let's put like all of them out a big box
rave alright ready this is exactly what
Sister Sister did when we met each other
oh they didn't know each other you know
what's the show remember they met each
other at a forever 21 and Brittany
Murphy was there before she died and she
was like girl you look just like my
friend and Tia was like what and then
they were like what and then they became
friends huh but then they were like
we're sisters girl their ex ever knew
how much I missed you
that's just how adoption works alright
here we go these are gonna explode we go
Cheers
wait you should put one interested test
me - all right uh-uh less than having a
stomach that sounds delish
hmm what bracket now I'm out okay oh
honey I saved you before I say myself
that was beautiful that is the dumbest
thing anyone should never do it Berlin's
do you think we would have swallowed it
we would have died I don't know I was
there's no way it was going down my
throat
I never swallow I don't believe that
because we go to the restaurants and you
get appetizers those nachos are gone
that's not swine that's inhaling there's
a difference all right you guys that's
it for today I need to go clean up
watch this her sister and added some
videos and by me cleaning up I mean
she's cleaning up the cleanup challenge
corny have fun you like eating the pop
rocks all right you guys help you up my
name with me of anything new we're gonna
go hang out together right you love me
housekeeper yeah oh my god you our
housekeeper housekeeper clean up my mess
I made up poop it's in the other room
housekeeper housekeeper I made a mess
clean up my shit is that a song how did
you get this bloody baby one day I'm
sure a camera crew will come into my
house and get me out with the jaws of
life and uncover 85 dead cats oh it's my
dream to be on borders and Cupcake Wars
Oh cupcake orders
