hey guys leave me a comment letting me
know what you want me to hit there in
the head with nags also make sure to
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every week of meetings there in
the head with different things if we get
to a hundred thousand stuff I'll hit her
with my car Oh being a youtuber is hard
trying to brace myself as today I think
I'm going to talk about stuff I'm never
talking about before I'm gonna let it
all go
just like that little boy in that movie
become jacked up teeth I'm about to Free
Willy just like Rosen Titanic Jack tells
me not to let go but motherfucker I'm
letting go today is all about opening up
my heart is an open wound feel free to
touch it and get infected Michael today
is to answer some of these questions in
the most honest way I can I'm not
holding back let's get right into it
Janet wants to know Shane do you pee
with the door open damn Janet that's a
deep ass shit I'm gonna answer honestly
yeah ya do why you may ask
cuz I want somebody to catch me I want
somebody to see what I'm working with
and I'm not talking about my penis I'm
talking about my pee cuz my pee is just
sickening it's thick it is Yeller
it is hot there is steam coming out of
it if I was a superhero my pee would be
my weapon if I was in the Avengers it'd
be like Hulk Iron Man Catwoman mr. P
what is the P stand for let me show you
and then they all die but then I'd be
all alone and it would be the Avengers
anymore my plan is working perfectly
amber wants to know Shane why do you
keep all your holy underwear damn amber
I thought that last question was deep
girl you just went deeper the reason I
keep my holy underwear under one is cuz
I hate throwing things away one day I'm
sure a camera crew will come into my
house and get me out with the jaws of
life and uncover 85 dead cats oh it's my
dream to be on borders and cupcake wars
cupcake orders sorry I'm getting ahead
of myself I keep my holy underwear
because um I kind of like the feeling of
like the whole is placed where my balls
are so my hot dog is secure but my
cherry tomatoes are just hanging and
it's a nice feeling it's probably like
equivalent to wearing a bra with one of
the cups up
like you got one boob up and then the
other boob is just chilly Nelly
oh nothing better than let your boob fly
in the wind trust me I know back when I
used to have boobs I just used to fling
him around oh and then when I was cold
during the winter I put my hand in
between them for war stop judging me I
told you I was gonna get deep and
personal today Sam wants to know Shane
did you record a therapy damn Sam I
don't know what you trying to say trying
to say I'm crazy oh you are okay great
no perfect you're right you're right um
you know I went to therapy when I was
like 12 and I stopped going because the
woman kept making me draw trees but they
weren't just normal trees she'd be like
now I want you to draw a tree with the
face of your mother in it what the face
of your mother in the tree but trees
don't have faces in my world leader yeah
I got the fuck out there that bitch was
one tree drawing away from molesting me
but recently I actually went back and
started talking to somebody now because
I feel like crazy or out of control or
anything yeah but because you know I
never really dealt with my childhood and
I kind of just want to talk it out so my
advice to you guys is if you're feeling
a little overwhelmed or stressed or like
feeling like you should talk about go
talk stuff out whether it's a therapist
or a family member or a friend don't
just bottle it all inside because then
you'll start making YouTube videos on
the Internet where you're wearing
sweatshirts with nothing underneath
let's go draw trees Bella wants to know
Shane do you Lisa never get into fights
me and Lisa uh well sometimes we get
into fights but they're always stupid
it's always like where'd you put the
hairbrush why did you leave the toilet
seat up why did you poop in my socks
just little things but we usually get
them resolved pretty quickly and it's
usually over food I hate you I fucking
hate you too are you hungry
yeah kinda can we stop fighting so we
can go to a buffet and eat our feelings
yeah yeah let's do that
true love Tessa wants to know Shane you
used to talk about your surgery a lot
back in the day and you never really
explained what it was I feel like a
explained it but maybe I haven't I
definitely have but I'll explain it
again really quick
long story short for those of you who
don't know I lost 200 pounds I had a
bunch of extra skin I had all the extra
skin removed there was like 15 pounds of
it enough to make like so much beef
jerky and that's what that surgery was
and that was like four years ago and it
left me with some scars but you know
it's worth it the scars are kind of hard
to see now because it's you know in a
while but they're still there there's
one right there
so you bad and then there's one on my
balls but that's a different surgery
Justin wants to know Shane what's the
worst sexual experience you've ever had
Oh Justin thank you for assuming I have
any kind of experience I have one that I
am NOT going to talk about because it
involves my mom and I just don't want to
make this uncomfortable so I'm gonna go
with my second worst now this isn't
really like a sexual well I guess it is
sexual it was sex with myself that's
still sexual right I mean it's not sexy
but it's sexual when I was probably 10
or 11 or maybe 13 I had sex with a
blow-up pool and I know what you're
thinking those holes and those blue
pools are so small yeah yeah they are
but they were a little bit too small and
I got my peepee stuck in it luckily
nobody knew about this
it was stuck to the point where I
literally I start hyperventilating and
started having a panic attack
I wouldn't get out I was waiting for it
to you know go down but it was so tight
it felt really good so it wasn't going
down so I got up I took I had to empty
out the pool while I was still inside of
it not like inside of it but decided you
know I mean and you got the pool trying
to start deflating it trying to fold up
the pool take it with me to the kitchen
to get the scissors and I had to cut
myself out of it it was like the moment
in the movie where like the fat guy has
to get cut out of his house except the
fat guy was a small penis and he was
getting cut out of a blow-up pool and
then I had explained to my mom that oh
my god the blow-up pool just popped
because I sat on it and the sad part she
was like oh yeah
I thought that might happen Wow I don't
have any happy childhood stories I think
your diabetes that was expected well if
you guys go those well my good lord deep
and personal questions if you want to
ask me more questions leave some down
the comments and maybe lands room aren't
you guys help you - hang with me i
offending a few and i will see you
tomorrow bye roses are red
tree trunks are mostly brown i don't
know how to rhyme look a cute puppy
roses are red violets are blue i ain't
no poet but i'm scared of you
