I'm just giving you guys good places to
freeze the video and screencap it and
put hashtag shane is ugly as fuck on
instagram you're welcome hey guys umm
yes your guys's favorite game to play is
let's freeze Shane and Photoshop a dick
on his face or Photoshop his face onto
Miley Cyrus's body or Photoshop join
yourself up but fucking him which by the
way was non photoshop and then I go to
Instagram and I click on my tagged
pictures and it's all pictures of me
looking ridiculous there's also a couple
pictures of me as a baby I don't know
how you got those pictures but thanks
mom for leaking them umm not time for
another hotel update if my butt is dry
heaving right now like literally I will
go and sit on the toilet editor go my
butt that's it that's it um hey guys yes
time for another hotel update I'm
working on my hashtag secret project
2014 which isn't really that hashtag
secret because people
hashtag know what it is but I still am
NOT going to say exactly what it is
because I want to make like a really fun
announcement video my main channel at
some point but yes I'm working on my
secret project if you go to Twitter my
Facebook and my Instagram I post a bunch
of updates on it there I've posted
pictures from the set I've posted the
names of some of the people in the
project that you should probably be
following on tweet our if you want more
updates and it's Ben I'm going to be
honest it's been the most fun I've ever
had in my life I did not think it would
be this fun but it definitely has proven
to me like what I want to do with my
whole life which is direct and create
and on a bigger scale and I hope that
this is just the first of many
hashtag secret projects
so that's that update the second update
is that I drink a cup of diarrhea this
morning that was the lartius and you can
make this video more interesting
oh is this interesting is this
interesting things are happening and
you're moving they're not I'm gonna
throw up on my throat I just made myself
dizzy my next update is more of a thank
you um last week or a couple weeks ago I
think a youtuber Trisha Paytas for
talking about my epic sunglasses once
again thank you to her but also one of
my other favorite youtubers in a collab
with all the time Gigi gorgeous uh the
YouTube beauty guru who has my haircut
but better boobs than me talked about my
epic sunglasses to her audience so I
just want to say thank you go check out
GG's channel youtube.com slash g.g gorge
I'll put the link down there I don't
want to fuck that up but go check out
her channel check out the video where
she talked about it um it really made my
heart warm when other youtubers support
me it always surprises me I don't know I
feel like youtubers hate me and I know
they don't I think everybody hates me so
when a youtuber like Cecily nice or like
promotes my sunglasses or talks about it
makes makes me want to cry I wish it
maybe want to put anything I just want
to poke hope you guys have been enjoying
the shame and friends I've been putting
up a new one every week this week or
today or yesterday was a new shanaynay
one which is probably my favorite it's
really funny and really offensive but
funny I mean what what video if mine is
not offensive and funny I don't think
I've said anything offensive today crap
okay I'll throw around like five racial
slurs by the end of the video um anyways
beers beaners I'm wearing a beanie
that's what I met be any being or was
that offensive is beaners even a word
anymore
people still use that I'm really out of
touch with my racial slurs I'm stuck in
the 80s anyways question of the day what
do you guys up to what's I mean I know
you've I I know I've been putting up
videos everyday but I still feel a
little disconnected from you because
some of those videos were filmed you
know like 10 years ago so what's going
to
let's put on your life hopefully
something cool fun me a comment let me
know and that was there that was my
update I will see you guys well every
day so sorry can't get rid of this you
just froze that didn't you bye my name
is not Kim you know what I'm not gonna
get mad I'm gonna be calm and collected
just like dr. Phil told me to
