knock-knock who they're interrupting God
that's what you get for calling Gaga
unsexy
I was up yeah how you doing I don't know
about you but I'm feeling like we're not
good I don't know why I'm talking like
this
oh yeah cuz I'm poor goal today I can't
win am I not bored I mean I'm always
bored constantly bored I'm so bored I'm
cardboard I'm water board that was too
far
sunglasses anyways yes I'm bored I'm
feeling frantic I'm feeling like what's
the word Oh God
what's the politically correct word I'm
feeling special today we have a podcast
I'm gonna be interviewing Hannah Hart
from my drunk kitchen
I fucking love her she's amazing we're
twins basically I'm pretty sure we both
wear the same lesbian vests and the same
lesbian hair she might be hairier than
me though
well test that out when I see her she's
so beautiful
I want to see more how you doing I'm
wearing your sweatshirt is that my
sweatshirt yeah
oh my god I'm huge I'm kidding no I'm
kind of huge are those my sweatpants
who's your fat hands I'm just I'm gonna
do editing I'm not writing makeup I'm
letting him rip oh I knew I smelled
something terrible look at little Shane
he wants to kill himself look at that
he's cutting off circulation so he
doesn't have to breathe
poorni how do you feel about this I
think when he's tired of us look at her
not wearing any makeup let's get closer
oh all right I'm gonna go you miss me
already
alright guys I'm so excited we're here
with my twin hello we're kind of
matching today I know I think actually
hold on let me just do this a little bit
this little bit this whole time I was
prepping myself for an Instagram photo I
hope you know nope it's an Instagram
video it's a YouTube video alright
you're not drunk the illusion is
in isn't a man Lauren isn't a man why we
just did a podcasters okay on a scale of
one to ten how uncomfortable did you get
and on a scale of one to ten how much
did you love it
um on a scale of one to ten
uncomfortability ten on a scale of one
to ten how much I love it eleven you
know we've um you know we've gotten
really good at mashups yeah all right so
let's just do a real quick run okay okay
so you start with the song then all join
it with another song okay ready mm-hmm
here we go do what you're born with your
ball with my body
what are you off for me Oh what do you
want from me do what you want what you
want with my body this is could this
make for good music video goes like this
terrible what do you want from me that
was slow one okay I'm ready
I'll remember you cuz I want you to stay
remember me know we were better on the
podcast you guys go listen I know but
that was before and after the podcast so
oh yeah yeah yeah well thank you so much
for coming thanks for having taught me
so much about myself you taught me about
life you taught me about lesbians and
you taught me about the next v-neck I
would have you know that Shane start
wearing v-necks after we met that's so
true I know you told me you said you got
a good neck you should show it off
v-formation
I think show that V but yeah all right
well I'm gonna go you're gonna go too
we're all gonna go sorry I just I to get
one last sniff you know what you smell
like what question of the day what do
you think she smells like that's a good
angle hey guys I am just leaving the
podcast and I'm gonna go home and write
some videos so this vlog is ending but
don't be sad it's ending in a happy way
I'm happy
can't you tell no I'm happy I love
podcasts I love doing them I hope you
guys love listening to them hopefully
you're not over it because I'm not over
and I'm gonna keep doing up forever I
just love talking to other youtubers and
other celebrities or not others let me
go like I'm a library
other bras to do no I just like talking
to people about life and making jokes
and and get real and today so I'm so got
pretty real so yeah I hope you guys had
fun hang with me at Penang with you
soundcloud.com / Shane and friends for
all the podcasts and it's awesome on
iTunes and shit so you can download it
for free all three guys it's all free so
get it if you are on the street and
somebody said hey girl I have a free
plate of nachos you will pass it up but
no you could take them nachos and be
like I want to subscribe to this bitch
but you got mo nachos in the back you do
you got 12 you got 13 you got how many
like 15 episodes of them nachos Burrell
shoving him nachos in my bitch I don't
know what that was
no I want nachos damn it you guys I love
you bye
oh no I'm okay mom really you don't
wanna go out maybe a stumble into
traffic maybe not look from side to side
before you cross the street maybe hit by
car
