I just remember that one of my spurns
could end up turning into Miley Cyrus
when it grows up and he scared me so
much that I stopped thinking about
coming and I start questioning if God
exists really helps Thank You Miley
yo what's up all my sexy lovers I don't
know about you but I'm feeling extra
romantical up in here I'm ready to tell
them nasty get sexy and need so much
chocolates I'm gonna thurb that means
throw up amber that's right ladies I can
do two things at once you know what I
could also do I could answer some nasty
questions for ya and now be a hundred
percent truthful with ya unless it's a
disease related question cuz I don't
answer those I also won't tell you my
weight I'm very personal about that and
I don't like answering questions about
my family or my background that shit's
too personal and I don't like those
questions that's like what's your
favorite dish what's your favorite that
I don't give a fuck what your favorite
shit is suck my dick so it's gonna be a
magical night we're gonna get to know
each other but not at all because I
don't care about you and I hope you
don't care about me I just care about
one thing getting that patty south yeah
that's how a lot of your guys's nights
are probably going to go because I'm
assuming since you're watching me you
probably had to find somebody online to
hang out with on Valentine's Day and
that's probably what you're going to get
well either that or somebody like I
can't believe they cancelled Battlestar
Galactica do you agree damn I've made
out with that guy anyways today we're
gonna be talking about Valentine's Day
and these these are mine so I thought
it'd be fun today if we did a survey a
Valentine's Day survey where I talk
about my Valentines Day experiences
and I'll give you a hint there is none
no wait that's a lie I've had like two
Valentine's Day with a girlfriend or
three or four oh god I don't even know
my last relationship was so bizarre
she's awesome she was great she was
super nice I don't think we really even
knew each other existed we both like
frozen yogurt so that was nice food we
both like watching Netflix yeah that was
nice what are we talking about oh yeah
relationships okay let's get to the
questions do you currently like anyone
no I hate everyone survey doesn't know
me at all do they know it I hope
everybody knows how much I hate them I
feel like I'm given a lot of face and
this is not an i-love-you face it's a
hate face and also did I fart did you
fart did we all fart face have you ever
gotten sick on Valentine's Day
SiC as in like the flu or sick as in
like eat too much chocolate while I was
alone on the couch watching a TRL
because I've gotten this one a lot my
first Valentine's Day memory was when I
was probably like 12 and I came home
from school you know how when you make a
bag with your name on it at school I
don't know if they still do this but
kids around class with like puddin
Valentines into your bag and you go home
and be like oh my god I can't believe
this person got me a lollipop what the
fuck yeah I was a very ungrateful kid
although one time my teacher got me a
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup girl locked me
up in prison because I was about to rape
my teacher but then sometimes I wouldn't
get anything in my bag which was fine
cuz I told my whole class I was unweight
Watchers out watching my points but like
not even a little car not even a little
drawing like not even a note from my
teacher saying I'm worried about you
damn the Presonus Valentine's Day
have you ever eat cereal on bail that's
it what the fuck is this sir
sure yes I don't know actually no I
don't really eat cereal because Pramod
cereal is like once you start like it
don't stop that's kind of like the
Pringles logo you know what's your pop
you just can't stop well for me that's
any food one time I ate a whole bag of
treats and then at the very bottom of
the bag I realized it was dog treats I
still ate the last one cuz I'm not a
quitter have you ever gotten your hair
cut on Valentine's Day I mean I might
need a new survey this is ridiculous yes
sure I don't know I've gotten about
let's see how many haircuts have I
gotten in my life probably one every
year so like 25 and it's never for
Valentine's Day it's never for a special
occasion it's always because somebody
calls me mayhem and I realize oh it's
time
it's either cutting my hair growing a
beard or literally hanging my penis
outside of my zipper when I walk around
and one of those things get you arrested
and it's not the penis it's the beard
for some reason the beard makes me look
like a child molester have you ever said
I love you and meant it I'm not going to
answer that who would say no to that a
sociopath Dexter who's filling out the
survey have you ever snuck out about
that day if I snuck out you mean my mom
telling me please leave the house then
yes I would literally be alone on
Valentine's Day or pretty much every
other fun holiday and watch TV and my
mom would come up and be like so she
do you uh want to call any friends got
any friends you can call Shane maybe uh
maybe somebody from school maybe uh
maybe you're one of my neighbors
maybe that creepy guy that gives out dog
treats to children ah no I'm okay mom
really you don't want to go out maybe a
stumble into traffic
maybe uh not look from side to side
before you cross the street hmm maybe um
hit by a car maybe leave mom alone for a
while maybe let mom hook up with her
online date
what no oh just suggestions I don't want
to do this survey anymore do you like
beef jerky I honestly don't understand
what's happening sure I love things that
taste like old skin sometimes I used to
chew on my grandma's ear she loved it
random side note my grandma was my first
kiss should have kept that one inside
all right let's get to the end of these
because I am bored
do you like Valentine's Day no do you
like somebody currently I already answer
that no what's the best if you ever
received a Valentine's Day last year
Lisa got me a Valentine's Day Pete that
was the size of my fucking head I
literally took that peep ran out of her
apartment and just ate it in my car left
her completely alone didn't even give
her a thank-you kiss and last but not
least why is Valentine's Day an
important holiday well I guess because
it takes a fake made-up holiday created
by a gift card shop to tell somebody
that you care about them when in reality
you should probably tell them that I
don't know every day but it means so
much more when you spend $5.00 on a card
that hopefully sings annoying songs when
you open them oh you got me a card thank
you so my god it's so beautiful
oh my god I'm gonna cry I can't wait for
the poem inside it's gonna be beautiful
you and me baby ain't nothin but mammals
so let's do it like they do on the
Discovery Channel
I'm gonna throw this away yeah that's
how it usually goes so there you guys go
that was my Valentines Day survey
hopefully you learned a lot about
Valentine's Day I didn't I learned about
my thoughts on beef jerky and chewing at
my grandmother two things I already knew
everything about so if you got any more
questions from you leave them down in
the comments all right you guys hope you
have fun hang with me I'm felling with
you happy Valentine's Day
you can be my Valentine
today I would fill your little plastic
bag with your name on it
Wow that was creepy I'm gonna go I love
you bye
this is um my favorite cereal because it
has a lot of sugar in it
and when I eat sugar I take really good
selfies
