welcome to Baum comma we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
internet on Twitter
World War three happened social media
edition youtubers versus Viners in an
all-out battle to the death or at least
to the at name many of the Internet's
most popular teen youtubers and Viners
battled it out in 140 characters or less
unfortunately many of the tweets and
Walt have since been deleted but lucky
for you I'll be able to reenact what I
took away from the event vines better
youtube's better you suck you suck more
you're gay you're straight so o allow me
to demonstrate to you exactly what I
thought of these eloquent quarrels in
vine form I don't care Wow
guess it didn't even take six seconds
uber Disney star Selena Gomez has
reportedly entered rehab for a two-week
stint
her representation says it was for
emotional issues but I do wonder if it
was more for partying too much like it's
her birthday
presentation also ensures that this was
not for substance abuse but I'm not so
sure I mean couldn't Justin Bieber be
considered a substance much like you'd
find on the bottom of your shoe do you
do you get it I'm saying he's a piece of
sh
plus we've released a list explaining
how to cook the perfect steak for your
Valentine
but Valentine's Day already happened and
that sure seems like a lot of work so
I'm gonna teach you how to make cereal
hey guys it's sexy Lexi 12 here and I'm
gonna be teaching you how to make the
perfect cereal bowl so the first thing
you want to do is pick out a cereal this
is my favorite cereal because it has a
lot of sugar in it and when I eat sugar
I take really good selfies so the first
thing I would do is support its meal
into the bowl like oh when you tip the
bag this cereal we're just kind of going
through the bowl so the next thing
you're gonna wanna do is you're gonna
want to take some milk and you're gonna
want to put it into the cereal so you
take the milk and then you go pour pour
pour pour pour
it's empty but I already poured the
cereal you're welcome college students
this week on YouTube I learned that
grace homie is very close with her
viewers meeting to meetings and then I
have to get ready to go to the captain
coda premiere party tonight are you
looking into my crotch just out of
curiosity does being this close to a
girl's crotch who make me gay thank you
for watching the serial tastic episode
of bonk um hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you did enjoy the video please give it a
thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis jizo check out
my latest video or I did a very
elaborate hair challenge with Trevor
Moran and you can figure out how I got
this nice little bad boy here I will be
back next week with a brand new episode
of
calm and until then zone bed and after
shame for the question of the day hey
it's me guys okay question of the day a
lot of you guys wanted me to review the
footage that came out of Miley Cyrus's
new Bangerz tour - they have 4/3 virus
so I'm going to watch you right now on
mute for copyright reasons and for my
hearing reasons
alright here we go and I'm watching it
okay I'm good so I just saw Miley in
some kind of a seaweed dress that Lady
Gaga I wouldn't even fucking wear
masturbating on a car typical Friday
night
then I saw her masturbating more on a
different car in its same seaweed dress
then I saw her climb out of a huge mouth
and slide down the tub so all in all I'm
gonna give this video ten out of ten
herpes cuz I definitely feel like I now
have ten herpes except you can get
medication for herpes
there's no medication for my eyes to
make this Beyonce so question today what
did you think did you watch the footage
would you want to go to see my only
Cyrus Brian yours tour let me know down
the comments hope you guys had fun hang
with us we happening with you when I was
to you tomorrow I
