pay to be guided yes welcome back to
another creepy video now I want you to
think of something scarier than your
childhood oh wait
childhood is scary for so many reasons
your body is going to do changes that
you don't understand your parents are
constantly telling you to do your chores
and grounding you and then on top of
that you have to deal with the idea that
there might be a monster waiting for you
in the closet there's just a lot so
today we're going to be going through
some of the scariest childhood myths and
some of them were even a test out so
let's start with the first one which is
something that kept me up every single
night the boogeyman
now I'm sure when you're a kid you
remember walking around the house in the
dark checking every single clause for
monsters for me I could not even go to
sleep until I checked every single nook
and cranny in my house then you get to
bed and you cover your head with the
blanket and you pray to God that that
monster doesn't right now the boogeyman
is a monster that's particularly scary
because doesn't really have a face you
have the outline of a man look you can't
see any the features and that's an exit
the scariest because you don't know
where he's looking
now the boogeyman likes to feast on
their fears he likes to haunt you in
your nightmares if you're afraid of the
dark you'll become the dark if you're
afraid of spiders he'll really inspires
all over your room and let them crawl
over and many people believe that the
boogeyman is actually a deep and the
reason he's wearing that big robe is
because he's hiding for now there are
thousands of people online that claim to
a witness or hurt okay here is just one
of the creepy stories I decided on
reddit when I was young I was sleeping
in between my parents for whatever
reason I woke up and I remember the
clock readings 4:00 a.m. there was
something standing by the window looking
out to
it was a man in a brown wool robe about
suits I started to stir it a sat up in
bed
and the thing turned it looked there was
extremely pale with white skin its face
looked like it was melting
they had a pointy chin almost looking
like a scream mask his mouth was hanging
open and its eyes were wide I've never
been more scared in my life
whoo now that I've talked about the
bogeyman before when I was a kid I
always had something watching me
sleeping my mom always said oh it's just
guardian angel but did not look like any
angel I've ever seen now the idea of the
boogeyman has been around since the
1700s he's had many different names in
many different countries but all of
these figures resemble but in Spain he's
called the sack man in Mexico
he's called robot Chico's which
translates to child's in Egypt they
called an album and in Canada he's
called uke now the stories of the boogey
man aren't just ready watches you sleep
in some cases he kills you this is what
inspired the character of Freddy Krueger
the killer kills kids in their
how's this for 23 now over the years
there have been tons of cases where kids
have been taking in the middle of the
night they've been taken with no proof
of a break-in
no DNA anywhere and no bodies found and
a lot of people think that maybe because
how else is there mellitus now there's
one case that had been two decades ago
that a lot of people think was
supernatural a young girl named Mary
Lozano was taken in the middle of the
night there was no ransom note
no body and no killers found the
scariest part is that when she was
picking her three brothers were asleep
next to her in bed so the fact that they
didn't wake up is very confused it means
whatever took her is fast and quiet and
do not leave any all right let's go into
something a little less terrifying we're
going to be talking about some of the
myths involving now I'm sure when you
were a kid you heard a lot of different
myths pop rocks and soda will make your
stomach explode eating bananas and
sprite will make you vomit till you die
basically a lot of myths just saying
that if you eat too much of a certain
thing your stomach works
little sorry about that next word is
intense it's also fucking me alright
first let's talk about the myth that if
you chew gum and swallow it
it'll stay in your body for seven years
and it could lead to death now this is
something that a lot of people believe
think when you swallow your gum it takes
about seven years to be digested I would
be honest this is something I believed
my whole life I think I've maybe
swallowed gum one and I remember looking
at my poop like every day being like
where's I don't but this is just a myth
just listen to what this nurse says
there's nothing bad that will happen to
you as a result of swallowing the gum
you won't digest it but your stomach and
your intestines will move it along and
out and you'll it will just come out
when you have a bowel movement in a day
or two now listen swallowing gum once in
a while is not going to kill you but
even too much of anything in 2011 UK
teenager named Samantha Jake died
because of an obsession she had with
chewing and swallowing down now her
death would end malnutrition because she
had a lack of calcium and magnesium that
triggered brain swelling and I can't now
because of the amount of gum she's
chewing swallowing me almost impossible
for her body to absorb nutrients when
they were doing the autopsy they found
four five large lumps of gum and that is
fucking awful and very very
heartbreaking and just proves that any
type of an addiction can ultimately hurt
I know that I literally have about
500,000
Coke's a day that's gonna kill now
before we move on to the next myth I was
thinking maybe I would try out these
foods so here we go let's see what
happens when I swallowed too much it go
alright I have hubba bubba which i feel
like will kill me
this is gum that I wasn't even allowed
to have when I was a kid and I was huge
but my mom was like nah man you can have
McDonald's all you want but we have bun
would help oh my god that's fun
oh the smell is very intense
honestly if that's all my insides my
like it's an upgrade I take this about
so much go work on our buh buh buh bah
all right we're swallowing it
alright I'm scared I don't think I saw
this gum since I was a kid and my hoops
are already fucked like my ass is
already clogged I always do this one -
great jump here what are you gonna do
alright I'm just going to like swallow
it look at the tail 1 2 3
oh if you don't think it's right here I
don't know how to move it
what if this is what kills me like all
the crazies should have done blowtorches
deep-frying Barbie dolls and this is
looking kill me alright well I'll let
you know in seven years if I poop it out
alright this next one is not what's now
I've heard this since I was a little kid
and that's if you swallow the black
seeds they will grow in your stomach and
turn into watermelon stings now I don't
have a clip of somebody growing a
watermelon in their stomach because it
doesn't fucking happen but I do have
this clip from my movie I directed it
not cool I'm basically in the clip she
hides a watermelon in her stomach and uh
well chick
better late than never I guess you have
a nice day now
yeah there is talking disturbing come
welcome if you want to demo movie not
cool shameless promotion it's on Netflix
alright back to the mist now obviously
it's not possible to put a wire on
insiders but there is a story of a man
who started growing a tree just just
watch doctors in Russia performing
surgery for suspected cancer found
something else inside a man listen to
this story they spotted a fir tree
growing inside a human lung the tree
measuring nearly two inches was
discovered when surgeons opened up a 28
year old man to remove what they thought
was a tumor now no one knows how that
tree grew oh just imagine if that would
have kept growing and then it would have
like busted through his dog now even
though we know it's probably not going
to do anything I still want to try it
out let's go slow all right here we go
I don't think I've ever kind of
watermelon in my life
if the watermelon seeds don't kill me
trying to cut it with a huge fucking
knife we'll all right so I guess I'll
just wonder if that's what it feels like
to cut open a head bears that fine
alright okay I see a few black seeds
this is really weird I literally never
tried these do it just like swallow them
it has a consistency of fingernails
which by the way don't swallow okay so
on three feet soon happens I'm getting
on by now the last myth involving food
is something that I'm sure you have
heard or if you eat do not go swimming
wait 30 minutes now the theory is that
if you eat a big meal and then go
swimming your whole body will cramp up
and then you'll drown and you'll die now
doctors have said that's not true
there's a chance you could get like
minor cramps but definitely nothing
that's going to kill you but let's see
it there right okay we're to make one of
my favorite things ever which is a rice
cake with some almond butter Connor I
love pretending to be healthy all right
I'm going to finish this and then we're
going to go swimming all right I'm in
the pool I feel fine
moving around I'm not getting a girl who
actually you know what actually I'm kind
of getting stomach cramps but that might
just be because I'm out of shape all
right yeah so I feel fine also so much
judgment all right now this next myth
we're going to talk about is very
fucking scary key that's because it
involves copying clouds now I'm sure
you've heard of this legend it's called
the clown stitch now here's how the
story goes about 20 years ago there was
a girl babysitting for example and the
owners house was a creepy clown statue
that was watching her the whole time she
thought this was incredibly weird that
she wasn't a judge they were paying her
to do job well then she felt like the
clown was staring so she decided to
touch it and see
then she gets a phone call from the
owner and she tells them how creeped out
she is out that class I love your new
house but the clown in my room no
offense but I can't Oh God which one now
the big one which you know they're
really big one not sure we 21 this is my
chair
you know it's life-size they're really
really big when you haven't propped up
in that rocking chair and then the owner
tells her this we don't own anything
yeah you do
I'm looking right out
and there's many different endings to
that story some people say that the
growth dies
some people say they should just ran out
of the house either way it involves a
big fucking creepy ass clown and it made
people terrified of clowns for years now
supposedly there's impermanent clown
statue that has killed somebody but
there has been a clown statue invited in
1992 of Ronald McDonald clown statue
reportedly fell on top of the
six-year-old girl and cut off her finger
well obviously it just felt it wasn't
weight the statue came alive but I mean
what's wrong with almost fucking creepy
is fuck you've probably never seen these
these are some old ass commercials of
Ronald D ah here they are
triple vics McDonald shakes well they're
empty you sure can get a lot in these
bags judges wife listen I know the joke
is that the kid ate to stop inside the
bag but his being like there's a lot of
room in there Ruth and don't get me
started on this mom told me never to
talk to strangers
well your mother's right as always but
I'm Ronald McDonald give me a minute
honesty but you're no stranger you
really are Ronald McDonald what alright
this is going to move us to our last
topic which is things hiding in divorce
now I'm sure your kids remember hearing
stories about snakes or spiders or
crocodiles hiding your toys waiting for
you to sit down so I know you're
expecting me to say well those aren't
but they are first let's start with
alligators who have been known to live
in sewers yeah fucking out here in a
sewer I'm not funding mysterious one
watch this I know terrified now
technically an alligator can't like swim
up to your toilet but you know what can
snakes little Isaac was going to the
restroom yesterday morning and he found
something unusual right
Donna's pink camp in a new given athlete
yeah fucking terrified just watch what
it looks like when a plumber tries to
get this name out I'm really I don't you
speak now the snake thing happens a lot
but you know what happens even more
grass there it is
and you just keeps getting worse
unbelievable
now there are tons of videos online of
rats and snakes and all different types
of animals crawling up the sewer system
going into your fucking ass but the one
video that I've seen that destroyed me
is this video by some done goodbye now
some people say that it is fake I've
seen a lot of different websites claim
it's real employment fake I don't give a
fuck that is enough for me to never use
a toilet in the public but either way at
least we know there will be clams snakes
I can handle button creepy s clowns now
later guys go those are just some of the
scariest childhood mitt that I would let
me go down the comments which ones do
you remember and if you remembered any
of these also make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it and
you want more creepiness videos I
couldn't want to do teenage myths next I
mean there is one's about masturbating
so much that you'll grow hair on your
palms there's also a myth that if you
either camp on you too long it will link
your hands so if you want that get me a
thumbs up and let me know I'll make sure
to subscribe to my channel right down
below in the notification though because
I think do videos every day and if you
want to see all my other creepy videos I
did one where I summon a demon in my
bathroom and I talked about a lot of TV
show conspiracy theories including 13
reasons why so I will leave a link to a
playlist right on top of description
book actually guys keep your eyes open
at night and bye
