knock-knock who did interupt een beaver
interrupting
hey what's up you guys yes it's Friday
which means it's time for me to play
some fucking stupid game that I don't
even want to play when I'm playing
because you guys want me to play it
really confused because I don't
understand these games I don't know why
people play these games why am I talking
to a robot why am i creating fake people
why am I playing with animals the top
what is wrong with you you on let's play
a different game let's play it let's go
outside game where we go out look at
nature and the beauty of the world and
we like walk around instead of making a
little person that kind of looks like us
walk around on a screen and talk to
strangers and that all sounds like a lot
of work let's just play a game today I'm
going to be playing a game called acid
bunny which you guys wanted me to play
it sounds terrifying sounds like a
character out of a Miley Cyrus music
video and I'm very excited I hope it
pulls Molly out of it but but in a cute
little basket whoo here we go this oh my
god I was not expecting swords one is
eternal total control prediction to
continue this is my life story when she
finally gave birth her letter provides
drug addicted baby button so some on all
of the babies draconian fueling their
addictions all of them except direct
I don't know how I feel should I press a
to see you oh you know what I'm a I'm a
breast skip um I'm a press skip dear
Lord what's gonna happen next
oh okay you know what I need a minute
this is there's too much happening right
now people are dying people are killing
themselves bunnies are flying blind and
balloons and drinking that bunny just
threw up again okay Oh God okay how do I
talk to my friends hey guys I'm having a
seizure and they're just looking at me
God okay oh there we go
throw carrots watch out for a hooligan
Sibley's oh my god I just murdered my
own brother I think I like this game
jump on their heads or throw them
carrots
okay I get balanced on the balloons to
get higher grab the string oh shit
and I'm dying Oh Oh God
sorry boo he's throwing hair when he
goes at me oh my god see I should have
given him an intervention why did I just
throw a cure through his head this is
sad this is not how you should deal with
drug addict siblings woo oh no oh god
I'm killing everybody look they're all
throwing up they're all - oh my god this
is like Friday night at Karen's house
I'm sorry oh how do I get out of this
place
didn't tell me and I missed it oh here
we go oh god oh god oh god oh my god oh
my god
what just happened did I just oh D Wade
said if I sit on their heads and say die
it's not working oh it worked okay now I
get it okay wait so I pounds on balloons
and get higher grab on to your strings
oh that's cute wait wait I'm dying wait
what's happening no I don't want to go
back to the vomit world wait how do I
gonna go up no wait how do I go up no no
fuck I feel like this game is not as
hard as I'm making it you know what fuck
your balloons I don't need these oh haha
come on come on oh God
ooh a secret world come on I saw it
already no you can't oh my god you can't
tease me like that oh wait oh fuck
ah China bitch ah you know what fuck
this game I'd rather be down here with
all the drug addicts and the prostitutes
we're not over here yeah seek your
hiding spot oh you know what I'm done
well there you guys go that was me
playing a game that was too close to
home
drugs vomit siblings who try to kill you
I mean that's my lifetime movie leave me
some more games down in the comments and
maybe I'll play them hopefully there's
no more drug-addicted animals
drug-addicted humans might be fun let's
try that this intervention have a game
oh my god oh just hoarders have a game
oh I'm looking at it right now haven't
you guys have been fighting with me I
thought aim with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
I get it real thick and long what I
smell
I smile haha
