well Harry once the fangirls grow up
they lose interest in the boy bands and
then the boy bands disappear like magic
but that's not gonna happen to us right
you a nice smile thank I was trying to
make this awkward yeah pretty smile you
do feel awkward yeah I'm not doing a
good job then yes guys we're going to do
the awkward statement
what's up want to change something what
is this this is the dirtiest thing I've
ever seen in my life do you show them
this stuff they know it's on the mirror
probably dried up eyelash glue that's
what my iPad cover looks like
anyways yeah so I'm gonna be covered if
I weren't covered you guys watch a lot
of porn this is for you because you used
to put on top of your keyboard and it
just really oh my god wait a lot I'm
taking that home with me we thought it'd
be fun if we did a first date video
we're not together but you know maybe
one day if my girlfriend gets smart
enough and dumps my ass oh well her
boyfriend is stupid and dumps our ass
then maybe this will happen so we're
gonna ask us each other some awkward
first date questions that we found
online
number one is Google write about you
actually Google is not right about me in
so many ways
isn't andreaschoice doesn't that mean
that isn't that the website where people
like say what child molesters are living
nearby did you know that when you made
that was good you're lying I'm not lying
yes the website my child molesters and
it tells them like there's a child
molester five feet away from you it's an
app and everything man look it up child
molester finder wait I'm gonna be so mad
oh no Megan's Law is all right that
sounds like a different makeup guru so
if you google me actually it's probably
correct now but it was not correct why I
didn't say your rosary I was
married I was like I'm not married well
mine said I was a woman so like legit
yeah but my Wikipedia page says some
crazy shit I just let them battle it out
because people wanna like put correct
information and another will come back
and change it according to Wikipedia
I've raped 875 women so it's your choice
Andrea and your choice do you still talk
to your ex one of them one of them I am
I've always been really good friends
with us oh wait a minute I know what it
was
you guys were both fat not me in high
school and you got with him in like
maybe you're like we're gonna be
together forever
and he's like so show baby and you're
like boom you're my you're my brother
that I want to have said shit like we
still connected and you guys had the
whole thing was upon me or whatever and
then like you became pretty and he
stayed fat and then you're like i'ma
have to spend my wings and slide he's
like you're fat the flaw and then you
jumped him and now you still talk to him
because you're like he was my best
friend
the last word was good so he's not fat
enough no he was actually like play
football it's really jock he's my first
boyfriend we've I started dating like I
don't know my junior year or something
we dated like two years we're still
really good friends first boyfriend feel
about that sailor boyfriend
he's beyond time buddies my split came
to fly on Twitter I talked to max you do
was ELISA thing she doesn't even know I
exist what was your GPA can I guess F's
but but you look smart
so you fooled everybody cuz everybody's
like oh she's a genius yeah pick her oh
she's a genius yes should you send her
to college but in reality you're like
I'm getting F's everybody why are you
giving me things right actually I
started off as like a straight-a student
but then my family got busy and weren't
checking as much I just kind of stuff
going you didn't go to school I was at
ditcher do you know what one time I hid
in my closet my parents they also
started coming in my room and checking
this if I went to school and I got hit
in my closet when I was set so desperate
to not good school that I hid in my own
closet I mean I've been hiding there for
years I know what that's what that's
like the size matter you better say
fucking you better say fuck no you
better say I love it just my knees fuck
just suits the baby tip I own best shit
like this that just that you know the
part of a popsicle stick that has color
on it it's like that much like I just
love that colored part I don't even want
to joke I just want that little fat nub
I want a guinea pig tail the size matter
well I've been told to control okay yeah
okay we're going the friends okay you
know what I think I think that it could
be maybe like too small or too big you
know it's just what I've been told
oh yeah though it's hard when it's too
big ice and it's such a hard life girls
you know you know what my friends
talking about yeah no seriously though I
think that it could probably go both
ways to be totally honest that was a
really nice way of answering that
question I'm getting dead ass serious
this is going great first day question
of the day to you sighs man that's what
you want to ask this you're sure the
size matter please say no please say no
the million X placement and then thumbs
that up and I'm with the number one
answer to be no shame it does it you're
amazing nothing I have anything to do
with that I don't think anyone believes
that there are dangerous youtube.com
slash your dues choice and don't get it
confused with the child molester website
I know it's really hard they're so
similar with you by Miley Cyrus ever put
that on the shove it in her crotch no do
you want me to do it no
