you're not in this Carly the sad thing
is that's a catchiest thing she's come
up with in the last year
damn look how she just straight you have
that face you know what people are
straightening their hair doing something
and they're like looking at you with
dead eyes cuz all they're thinking about
is don't burn myself don't burn myself
look at that face don't burn myself
don't burn myself don't burn myself
look away look away look somewhere look
at him look at him look somewhere else
say Gary you know you're gonna do fast
you're gonna burn yourself yes I am back
here and we're doing another video
because the last one was so successful
we learned so much about each other and
I want today to learn even more about
you well number one you're wearing
Lisa's shirt this is very exciting it
makes me want to walk over there and
slap your boobs because that's what I do
when she puts that shirt on no no I'm
not just I mean no like it's a joke
though do you also take your pants off
or take the towel off and shake yes but
you know what I also do I don't have
enough meat to do that but you know what
I also do I have enough balls to do that
you know what I also do though is I make
a but China have I ever talked about
this on my channel I don't think I have
do you know what about China is just
terrified no that's a that's a elbow
China I stuck that before my own I'm
talking about so okay like say you're in
the mirror right and you take your balls
and you lift them up and you you lift
them up and then your butt crack is
right here like your hairy butt crack
and it looks like a vagina so I lift it
up and I go but Jamie nah but Johnny
Anna and I slap it and stuff that's just
my room mirror just going oh yeah look
at that but China who shit like that but
China
look at that vagina right there this
vagina hates me by the way your cat is
like skin colour which is just a little
scary
oh we shaved him shame you shaved your
vagina my vagina needs to be shaped okay
what are we doing today today we're
doing on the arms something's behind so
basically I'm gonna put my hands it seem
to your body with my arms this isn't
creepy shit
I'm serial killers actually try to be
good though oh wow okay
just I'm gonna make sure you know though
like you might feel bagina and I'm just
warning you but or bagina or both I mean
Christmas is over it's been over for so
long why do you still have this stuff up
I'm not the only one i decorate a month
early and I take it down a month later
really that's just laziness you could
just pretend like oh no noise from my
birthday on these lights are okay wait
am I having a seizure
are they twinkling are they moving I'm
having a seizure I think I'm having a
stroke
am I having a stroke yes they are yes
they are they're they're doing one of
these things what's down there why is
there so many lights in here why do you
mean be so let's are so many stools in
here what's happening what kind of
pillow is that it oh my god is that one
of those pillows where you rest your
head on it's like from the astronauts
and it oh my god that's beautiful
that's all from your face oh yeah that's
from your but not all of it I mean you
have a hammer you like what like what
what could you possibly use this hammer
for look you got it you got a YouTube
award I got one of those were you gonna
put it they also sent me a director's
chair with day storms name on it are you
also like I mean there's just so many
just interesting things in your room
have you ever done a room tour on your
channel um no because right now I am
it's a little bit messy because I'm
actually getting rid of some stuff in my
room when are you doing that is that
your are you like a hoarder like it's
one of those people where it's like I'm
in the process of getting rid of things
and then five years later I'm in the
process of getting rid of ignore that
dead cat I'm in the process of getting
rid of it no actually I really am you
know what I redecorated all the time
it's good though you have a lot cute
stuff thank you I like a lot of stuff in
my room I like a lot of colors I like
lights I like shiny things I like a lot
of I like you know what I call it
hoarding I call it personality Oh people
with mental illnesses you speak all
their personalities personalities that's
I think that
the Miley Cyrus ever put that on the
shove it in her crotch no oh my god I'm
a man I'm such a man oh fuck do you want
me to do it no I'm a man I've always
wanted to play with a foam finger ever
since I saw my only do it
I don't think Miley's ever had a Trojan
inside of her though because like that's
protection I don't think she uses that
my what she's new to it I believe she's
the queen of it that's true but you know
it happens those freshmen get fat and
sad in college and then nobody cares
about them anymore yeah look she's
playing with it oh you're one of those
uh-huh he you're one of those whenever
somebody calls my dog to hee hee and
it's a she I don't say anything but
you're one of those well it's because if
you want to build a relationship yes
that sounds beautiful I don't see color
or gender I just see massive blobs
walking about and I'm fine with that
we're gonna film it a video and after
that I'm gonna stick a foam finger up
inside of me and that cat's gonna watch
well guys this happened and this
happened you look I don't even know work
for this I look like I have like a
really bad case of like spider veins or
something it also looks like you just
had like a Mads it right here and you
were like oh nobody will notice if I pop
it like I've ever been at dinner and you
pop the pimple in your like hopefully
nobody notices and then you see blood
trickling down you look oh my god that's
what happened and you're in the middle
of dinner you don't even know about it
but separate I bleed a lot you believe
my pimples because I I get that white
stuff and then it just turns to blood
because I squish so hard really there
was a couple in high school I knew who
used to do with her teeth sure you're
lying I'm not lying and the girl looked
like honey Boo Boo's mom and the boy
looked like if honey boo boo was a boy
it was terrifying and he'd be like hey
baby mm-hm and then he nibble on her
neck and pop those it and suck on it not
know I'm not why I'm dead serious
auntie had braces so it would be like
flavor savors
that is so gnarly question of the day do
you like to pop pimples I love it I live
for it well your guys go hopefully I'm
putting with us we had fun hanging with
you we're gonna go Papa Joe's it's the
feeling of warm water hitting my body
while I'm releasing warm water into the
universe it's like a circle I mean
Almighty
