Carly wait yes Paris I'll call you yeah
oh god I'm a bitch
hey what's up you guys yep just as crazy
as always I'm wearing a blanket I'm just
gonna get that out of the way I'm also
not wearing underwear and I also have a
pimple inside of my blood I thought it
was a hemorrhoid and I was like whoo I'm
getting older felt kind of like an
achievement but no it's a pimple and
it's not ready to pop yet keep picking
at it nothing's coming out how are you
doing um so I wanna give you guys
another update obviously I'm in a
different hotel now I am NOT in that
creepy rape dungeon that I was in before
with the microwave with the hole in it
now I am in a classy rape dungeon I mean
look at the artwork that doesn't look
right that looks like this chart of
penis sizes it's like average American
male Shane okay we got nice little
living room with a little couch I got an
eggnog candle I got that urban
outfitters that was not the gayest thing
I actually got there I was gonna say
that's a gayest thing I got there nope
not the gayest I got three backpacks
that are all gayer than that candle um I
got my little kitchen the microwave that
does not have a hole in the front I got
all my waters which I have not drinkin
because I don't drink water that much
and I got a hand sanitizer over on the
sink
ginger bread scented yeah still not as
good as the backpacks I got so yes I
just wanna give you guys a little update
I'm still out here I haven't told you
guys where I am but I'm still there
still working on this thing that I have
not told you guys about but I'm still
doing that I'm gonna make an
announcement coming soon some of you
guys have already figured it out and
thank you for all the nice tweets about
it but um but yeah I'm excited we start
officially officially working on it on
Monday we've been pre pre working on it
for the last two months and now Monday
we start and I'm excited and nervous and
we're um and yeah I'd like to tell you
guys more about it what else
quick huge thank you
I was not expecting it and it was
amazing Trisha Paytas of course you guys
know one of my favorite youtubers I
talked about her in my last hotel vlog
um I don't know a lot of you guys have
gotten hooked on her videos too because
you've tweeted me about it and you say
Shane she has huge boobs no wonder
you're watching and then I say I'm
actually watching for her huge hair
boobs in here both huge and I love both
of them I actually watched as she likes
the food on camera and I'm really into
that oh sorry I just got way too into
that um was like I'm on yes Trisha
so I want to give a big thank you she
talked about my epic sunglasses in her
last video and she did a little like
told people to go buy it and she you
know said it was one of her favorites of
the month and and it was really really
sweet
I sent her those glasses and I didn't
know she was really gonna do that so
Thank You Trisha and I want to you know
return the favor girl so listen I had
this link right here in the bottom in
the crotch Trisha has a new book out
called T's it is a sex book isn't it's
not well it's like a romantic or I'm
gonna call it a sex book because I hope
that's what it is and it's on sale right
now on Amazon I'll put the link down
there please go buy it if you have an
extra 10 bucks I think it's pride ten
bucks I'm just guessing
I don't know ten bucks I'm gonna feel
terrible if it's not ten bucks oh my god
ten bucks
I knew it yeah go check that out she
supported me I want to support her I
mean look at this girl look at the cover
I'm sorry I'm getting to look inside I'm
sorry I just clicked on it oh she's
sucking on a Tootsie Pop if you're not
watching this click on the link and we
could we could play together we could
just go through this oh wait hold on
they have a they have an excerpt excerpt
so I see it all right here's chapter one
college life is so boring it's not all
the way you might picture it is call
work and no play sometimes I find myself
wanting to quit and become a stripper
oh I feel you on that like sometimes I'm
like you know what I'll be a stripper
today yeah no never mind I don't feel
like taking a shower today when I'm at
work I often daydream about becoming a
stripper making lots of my
getting attention from guys kissing my
parents that but mostly I wanna be I
want I wonder what my stripper name
would be I can never think of the right
stripper name would it be candy would it
be conquest would it be quirky little
girl Corki I don't know about bad I
don't know if that's a good stripper
name
like I don't know if I'd be sitting in a
strip club that sumbitch will come down
the aisle maybe like and now here's
Corki and then she comes down she goes
guys I don't know about you but new girl
is not that good of a show right I don't
know if I want to see that bitches
titties shit oatmeal on Table seven the
customer in Table seven comes in every
day his name is Preston he's always
telling me he's gonna take me away from
all this
what's all this I don't know I just go
with it he's a good-looking man
probably my father's age ooh girl who
you was working through some shit when
you wrote this anyway
there's an excerpt from T's don't get it
I'm gonna read it and jerk off to it
what else can I talk to you guys about
this is a long video um yeah I hope you
guys are enjoying all the vlogs I had so
much fun making all those collabs and
stuff and there's a lot more coming so
get ready and also oh my god Shane and
Friends brand new machine of friends is
up right now and I'm gonna have new
Shane and friends every week yeah every
week for this month I think next week is
stz and then it's shanaynay so I hope
you guys like those and I'm gonna go
question of the day what is your
stripper name
mine is not quirky mine is oof with
three o's yes I'll be opening with me if
anything with you buddy
friends get in wait how Oh am I in no no
no no they left me oh no it come back
