Carly wait yes Paris I'll call you maybe
really yeah maybe not oh god I'm a bitch
ha ha ha
hey what's up you guys yes today is
Friday ready to play a game and I'm
gonna try not to get angry this time I
might try not to say anything offensive
and I'm gonna actually try to win I'm
also going to lie a lot and those were
all huge lies so let's get started
today you guys wanted me to play a game
called roblox which I'm assuming is like
robots with blocks no that makes too
much sense it's probably some weird
fucking Asian robot baby that talks to
me and calls me an asshole which sounds
awesome oh god oh god this dubstep
happening oh no no it's what I
originally thought
it's robots and blocks this sounds
terrible
I get it I get it
turning off the dubstep you're awesome I
get it alright here we are
oh god this looks like a lot happening
oh my god annoying orange okay okay I
get it this is kind of fun nuke the
whales that's sad Toby Turner the Tim
right that offensive that I think he
looks like that kind of catching fire
that's a thing Grand Theft Auto you know
I've never actually played Grand Theft
Auto so let's play Grand Theft Auto role
blogs it is red oh god I did download
something how old is this shit damn ol
just buff blue look there's other people
playing crappy day bro I know you feel
does that mean like I'll have a gun this
is very amazing to chat click the yes I
would love to chat am i falling and
dying why am i following what's
happening wait I just died oh here I am
I don't know
what to do Wow the graphics in this game
are just damn I mean is that me is that
me who I can jump why do I have block
arms oh this is just giving me vertigo
wait how do I talk to people I don't
care about the game I want to talk oh
wait press the key that's what they said
right oh here we go sub you guys that
work Keeneland naina wants car is that
okay what's the point of this game
aren't I suppose I'll hook person shit
oh here's people right home owner no one
like one I house at the buy shit what is
this I want to buy anything I want to
steal I'm 30 now time to buy a house
nothing's happening look hard hey wait
no wait wait hey what's up can I join I
want to hang out wanna be friends get in
wait how Oh am I in no no no no they
left me help
no he come back oh man I just got fucked
and thrown out of a car and I'm not even
the prostitute in this game meet at my
place damn that person just loves their
caps locks they must be in charge
because they're the one that like
they're like yeah meet at my place come
here right now
get yo ass over you bitch I'm not gonna
man talk to me like that oh wait here's
somebody wait can I come in no wait come
back human oh my god that was the main
camp okay I'm just gonna follow him to
his house wait Hannah the person said
somebody is that a friend hey how do I
get rid of the gun I feel like that's
there we go okay I kind of want to be
praying wait um here wait let me in
come back this is depressing
this isn't Grand Theft Auto this is high
school this is me trying to make friends
nobody wants to hang out with me they
literally hit me with their car and kept
going what's next what they gonna play
in a Pete's party and not invite me
not that that never happen in real life
everyday oh I think I found his house oh
my god I found Elaine's house oh my god
it's gonna be full of prostitutes and
drugs and certs I'm so excited
do you think I look a little cool but I
let me play act cool act casual act
casual I have to get out there I'm here
wait what could be friends wait did he
say okay no no Oh motherfucker
no wait can I come in hey wait no lemon
hey if he throws me out of the car I
swear to God no oh man it's gonna make
me cry I don't know how to send a friend
request can i suck daddy-o
oh yeah oh okay then we'll all right
unzip I'm zipping pants he bailed me out
the car yet start okay God we're really
gonna do this are me oh I'm nervous okay
um can we go to a nice hotel or
something I mean I'm a lady no there are
no hotels well then we just look up
under a bridge ISM so like what you do
in I'm just trying to make small talk I
don't know how to do this well bye I
have to get off line I will rub in a
message you nut bond start here I'll
pick you up later no that's a lie you
are not going to pick me up lady you
trying to get me out of the car I know
what you doing I've heard that before
nut bond just take me with you yes Oh
we're on the road here we go
we're going back to his place and I
think we just crashed she tried oh did I
do that
did he just purposely crash so that he
could get rid of me that's a first
oh my god what an asshole what an
asshole he killed himself
didn't have to have me being his friend
I'm done with this game well there you
guys go
not only did I play a game but I learned
a valuable life lesson people are
assholes I was just trying to make some
friends and suck a date oh well I guess
I'll go on another roblox game at some
other point find somebody else
although me a nut bond we had a bond
alright you guys have you have fun hang
with me Anthony with you leave me some
more games down the comments and maybe
I'll play them and I will see you
tomorrow but and if you're not bad lucky
man that was rude fuckin a pound fuck
you ok I can't talk that well but hey go
yeah how's that I feel violated
