oh no oh no no unicorn comeback I was
getting the most beautiful footage of
now you're all alone but you still have
me I need to love you I could sit on
your lap go ahead you didn't seem scared
at all oh my god you could be my Aunt
Hilda outfit oh my god we could just oh
my gosh I feel like if I put you in one
of my character outfits you look good
you think hmm
probably my Paris Hilton oh wait here
comes Tinker Bell actually I hate to
break it to you this is me I have
multiple Twitter I've been catfishing
you do you think we could you think we
could pitch that I think you come to the
door yeah like you come to the door and
then and then I open it and I'm dressed
up as like a woman well we're about to
film the video it's gonna be really fun
and you're massaging my dog
that's nice she's enjoying mmm Jenny's
in the bathroom peeing she's in the
bathroom peeing I can hear every drop
that's so uncomfortable corny are you
excited about this totally no I agree no
it's gonna be great
can't wait right hey what's up guys so
we just filmed the video with Lucas and
Jenny and it was hilarious I showed them
lots of creepy viral videos actually you
might have already seen the video
because I might be putting this up later
hopefully you haven't seen the video if
you've seen two kids one sandbox then
you can probably never look at
corn-on-the-cob the same way again
mmm but you know what made me crave a
hot dog with just so cooked that you got
split down the middle and just like
fried on the outside and just like shove
that ketchup in there put that sorry
control myself so as you guys are
probably already seen we did that
celebrity face challenge and now I just
have all these creepy celebrity faces in
my closet don't know what to do with
them
maybe I could just scare Lisa with them
let's find a creepy one all right I got
a creepiest one I could find
I cut out his mouth Oh actually you know
what mmm wait a minute girl we have the
same lips mm-hmm that was terrifying I
hope that's the only thing we have in
common I go what up girl
welcome machines YouTube channel but you
should really head on over to
youtube.com slash Justin Bieber I do
lots of crazy stuff over there like the
mi black challenge no I'm just kidding
that's just a game I play every day this
is definitely one of the creepiest
things I think I've ever done on this
channel I've done a lot of creepy shit
let's go scare Lisa come on girl I'm
coming for you cuz you my baby baby baby
yeah yeah creepy you want to be much
leaner
did she dump him yeah that's my way of
breaking up with you but be awesome if
that's how you didn't know know like if
you were gonna break it yeah yeah how
about you keep Justin Bieber kiss not
really into the babes
what well I'm about to be into you you
know what I'm saying that means I've got
to be in you I like making jokes are you
drinking I tasted stuffing stuffing
maybe I just have stuffing on the brain
corny do you want to play Bieber I write
corny but come on play Bieber no she
does it oh wait wait wait that was
officially the creepiest thing I've ever
seen on my channel or anybody else's
channel ooh all right you guys hope you
had fun hang with us we had fun hanging
with you me and the Biebs we had so much
fun today didn't we Bieber oh that's
right you can't talk as I cut your
fucking mouth out sorry I just followed
Selena's orders question of the day what
are your thoughts on Bieber I know I did
a beeper spoof a little while ago but
I'm curious like are you guys still into
the Biebs I still think he's cool is he
still cool am i cool I'm not cool Am I
Am I
oh no dear god no thanks you guys I love
you and I will see you tomorrow
hi hi hi hi bye bye so many guys bye
but I've seen a lot of fights in high
school I used to just like get so
excited when I see two people starting
to fight I do one of those because if
I'm a bitch she said Judas a small he
uses the word retarded that's pretty
offensive you should punch him
