welcome to Baum comma we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet you may not have seen this on
TV but I guess her good friend t-swizzle
was brutally attacked at the Grammys
I still don't have what it takes I must
train harder 50 points if you hit her in
the head
100 if you hit her in the boobs music
lacking YouTube boyband
our second life is going on tour and
this girl along with many others of our
kind are going to be there I got you Wow
that is quite the reaction I wonder
she'll react that positively when she
gets into college just kidding I doubt
she's going to college she'll probably
end up following a washed-up Bieber
around his European tour of high school
auditoriums and carnivals BuzzFeed
recently released a picture of Jack
Nicholson making what's known as the
duck face okay sure he's trying but as a
certified teen girl I can definitely
show him all the places he's going wrong
hey guys is it sexy Lexi 12 here and I'm
gonna be teaching you how to do a proper
duck face so first step to doing a duck
face is to put on a lot of lipstick so
that once you add all the filters your
lips stand out you want to put your lips
out like that one time you had an
allergic reaction a lobster and then you
want to go like ah and you can either
you can do peace because everybody likes
peas or you can do this little like half
a k32 for 12 you can even do this way
but that shows rebellion
join too much because you don't want me
to rebel cuz too much trouble is for
tumblr and this is an Instagram bad
this week on YouTube
I learned exactly what creates Joey
Graceffa 'z celestial beautiful today
I'm going to be teaching you how I make
myself beautiful so the main product I
use to wash my body another lush product
that I use is called ocean salts and
basically it's looks like that a little
looks like or something so basically
what I learned is to be as pretty as
Joey Graceffa all you need is some lush
products and a gray she on us attitude
so let's do this we'll just put this on
there and whoa don't spill don't spit a
little bit of this stuff okay it's just
not working why aren't I Joey Graceffa
yet what else could there possibly be
wait I'm still not beautiful for
spacious skies thank you all for
watching this hair-raising episode of
rom-com hopefully we didn't eat you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you
enjoyed this episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash likes cheese all to
check out my latest video which is
beautiful and amazing and probably not
as cool as Joey Graceffa but I try I
will see you next week with a brand new
episode of bob calm and until then so
good and now to shame or question of the
day
hey what's up you guys hopefully you're
enjoying this episode of bomb.com I know
I am duck things so here is my question
of the day actually relates to the
brand-new One Direction music video
midnight memories all of you guys want
me to review it you all want me to talk
about it so here I am let's talk about
it I actually thought it was good I
thought it was fun and interesting and
it was not as boring as their last one
not saying the last was boring I'm just
saying I would give it eight out of 10
Harry style afro wigs do your god I hope
that's an accurate way I hope that's not
was real hair so let me know down in the
comments what you thought of their new
video also really quick I want to give
another big things to audible I've
already talked about them before you
guys know that they are a website that
has audiobooks and they have really
helped me out this year with some of my
bigger YouTube projects and they're
helping me out with some stuff coming up
soon so I want to give them big thank
you if you go to audible.com slash Shane
I say Chani you can get a free audiobook
and a free 30-day trial
so please please support them they
support me to support all of us and
without them I wouldn't be able to do
big awesome videos like Shadid friends
and like everything else I did you guys
I'll be up on hang with me - hang with
you I'll see you tomorrow bye you're
just a midnight memory to do just a
midnight memory talk about talk about
midnight oh my god I need to go why hey
Selena Gomez lifted the restraining
order
really No
