hey what's up you guys I'm very excited
today because I get to kill people no
not them I'm gonna do that later
off-camera so there's no evidence I'm
gonna play happy wheels which is a game
I love because I gotta kill things and
people and places and everything so
let's stop with the talking and get to
it all right
let's play let's go to the bottom I
haven't been to the bottom before that
sounds who cursed mountain like that I'm
hoping it's a magical game about a
mountain that's cursed I'm just kidding
I just want to kill somebody all right
No welcome to Santa's new camp fuck you
I want to kill you let me show you I
don't want to be shown around how come
he won't let me kill him
bye no no wait where am I going no oh I
can still ride though I can still ride
though I may have a disability but but
the disability don't have me you know
I'm saying okay maybe you do maybe you
do let's try something else that wasn't
as fun as I thought it was going to be
ooh
deaths face it'll be like gravity who
I'll be Sandra Bullock I got her hair
cut I'm smart enough to know I couldn't
pull out doors Chloe let's be honest oh
here we go oh my god what's happening
where am I it's like a haunted house who
I'm sorry animal I'm sorry puppy get out
of my way puppy
Oh God oh my god oh my god I'm inside a
man that binds his brain oh god I think
I just got murdered by a big wad of kiss
yeah that was gross I've been picking
the wrong levels today alright let's do
some a little bit more fun and not so
cheesy guerilla revolution I love
monkeys I shall create gorillas paradise
well that's creepy wait where am I am I
here what's happening
I don't wait I don't know what's
happening oh here I am okay great come
on kid
yeah we're going to the airport we're
gonna get on a plane we're gonna hit a
black guy and he's gonna join us but
don't worry
oh god it's okay kid you find you find
you just lost an arm you ain't need that
you don't need that and let's go down
the stairs
and flying everywhere oh oh it's okay
you know what you still got
are you dead you good oh I mean I think
you got an army and maybe we'll find a
new mommy because I killed him with my
bike into the plane oh my god I'm gonna
give that one a standing ovation that
was amazing thank you for that
that was amazing I love you sky you MA
blue sky you ma boo look at the kids
brain is just rolling on the ground I
mean I'm scared to play anything else
cuz I don't think it's gonna live up to
that okay what's next
boo let's do an elephant in the ghetto
that's what they used to call me back in
Long Beach so many memories well it's a
family again
Oh God he's helping us find a new home
Oh Oh God it's like Jumanji but there's
more blood wow you know I'm a sick ass
fuck and I want to see that again
alright let's go hurry up better get
away from the elephant blue black man
you better hurry up and get out of the
way
oh god it's freezing but I know what's
happening Oh God oh it's worse when it's
frozen
Oh God Oh God all right let's do one
more just just one more let's do chaos
city oh I've never been this one before
it's a cute little couple on their first
date where do you want to go honey
anywhere with you okay
wow this is great ooh wait who's alive
and who's dead what's happening an
ostrich Oh what's happen that was like
our first day remember when we got hit
with an ostrich and then we died and
yeah well there you guys go that was me
playing happy wheels hopefully you had
fun watching me kill people I have fun
here why killing people is great fun all
right you guys if you want me to play
another game we need the comments
letting me know what you want me to play
and I will see you guys tomorrow bye see
what I'm doing I'm doing the thing I'm
doing the thing you guys wanted me to do
I'm doing it
Oh
I didn't even fart
