so first things first Robert two o'clock
I just wanted people to know that you
knew what time it was I mean there do
you know what day so we want them to
know like you know what time it is see
what I'm doing I'm doing the thing I'm
doing the thing you guys wanted me to do
I'm doing it oh I didn't even fart oh
you thought I was trying to do that oh
mai gerd face no no I was trying to
release my bells but while we're talking
about her Marc George let's oh mai gerd
um what how the fuck do you say this oh
mai gerd Oh internet so on this episode
of Shannon explains we're gonna be
talking about Herman bird and figuring
out what it all means which I'm guessing
is nothing let's figure it out so I've
been seeing a lot of people talking
about ermahgerd on Twitter and Facebook
and Instagram and in real life when they
see me because I guess I look like this
girl let me see yeah it's pretty uncanny
so I decided to look it up and figure
out what it means oh mai gerd also known
as curse worms or Burks those aren't
words a list pronunciation of oh my god
oh I don't get it the phonetically
written captions are meant to sound like
a speech impediment caused by the use of
orthodontic retainer
okay good at first I thought they were
making fun of special ed people now
they're just making fun of people who
fucked up teeth that's nicer it
originated in March 2012 when a picture
of a girl holding up a bunch of goose
bump books looked confused and looked
like she couldn't pronounce oh my god so
this is how things on the internet
happen so now I understand it and
there's really not that much to
understand so I have a couple questions
about this girl number one is this
really her is she kidding is it a joke
because if this is really her then I
feel like we shouldn't be making fun of
her like you wouldn't see a picture of a
guy with no legs on the street going
helped me and turn that into a meme well
I guess unless his face of a fish then
it could be hurt yeah yeah that would be
good and does she know that this is
happening like does she now have all her
pictures on facebook of her like
recreating this like her a funeral being
went hard with flowers are her doing a
drug deal like oh my god you got the
stuff I guess
that picture on Facebook but you
understand my point like is this girl's
life ruined now does that happen when a
meme person's life is put out there is
it ruined but do people really think the
overly attached girlfriend is gonna kill
them do they really think grumpy cat is
grumpy do they really think the girls
from two girls one cup like to eat shit
cuz I hope they do and on the side note
let's talk about orthodontia because I
had braces all the way up until oh god
14 and let's just say with my bang and
body in high school braces just really
helped me out
I was basically like a big turkey with a
metal fork in it and I remember when
they did the initial x-rays of my teeth
before I got my braces put on and the
Asian orthodontist guys sat me down and
goes okay Shane saw we gonna show you
x-ray and then I'm gonna tell you how
many braces and how long you're gonna
have them for so I was like okay great
this sounds fun x-rays this is like
x-men let's do it so then he did the
x-ray you put it on the screen and went
okay so here's your teeth what is that
not good are they bad oh yeah this is
something not right and then I wore
braces for ten years and if somebody
would have taken a picture of me with
braces and put a caption like urn or
GERD then I probably wouldn't be here
right now because that would be in a
casket underground holding flowers going
burger so there you go I have explained
the meme and I have questioned the girl
in the meme and where she is now
I hope she's somewhere safe and I hope
she's okay so question of the day what's
your favorite meme this is not my
favorite meme cuz I feel bad for her my
favorite meme is tough girl and if you
don't know what it is don't look it up
alright you guys hope you have my name
with me - hang with you and I'll see you
tomorrow bye let's spice it up a little
bit and say a toy
that God lodged up Harry Styles Harry
Hole you are bad
