3 p.m. waking up in the jail say I've
got to come up him got to try to get
bail right right everyone screaming rape
you know how it is
hey what's up you guys yes it is time
again for a collab with YouTube
superstar sensation the next Rebecca
Black the next Kardashian the next Casey
Anthony away you already fucked up your
kid my mom mama Dawson oh I like every
good mom she's supporting me by wearing
my merch exactly how do you feel in that
merch wow that's beautiful
no woman has ever said that they felt
powerful after having me on their breast
so today we thought it'd be fun if we
did a little bad little boy I used to
love this game when I was a child yes
you did
so as you guys mostly know hopefully mad
libs is a fun little game where we have
a list of words we need to come up with
and then we plug them all into a story
and we read the beautiful little fairy
tale hopefully Pixar will make a movie
out of it it'll be called tangled but
it'll be about my pubic hair
yours will be Toy Story it'll be a
better don't be nice I'm just talking
about Woody and Buzz ha ha ha
shame all right ready
this one is called pizza party so we
need to come up with words and we're
gonna plug him in are you ready for this
ok give me a celebrity what's the gals
name from hunger games Jennifer Lawrence
yes
give me an adjective fire ok give me a
number three all right let's go with
three plus 66 another adjective cold
okay
let's face it up and go with colder
and kris Jenner's vagina oh I think
we're talking about her husband haha he
does have a vagina we'll use him later
plural mouth odd girls ok let's spice it
up and go with dead babies oh alright
another plural noun dogs let's spice it
up and go with Dom penises homie and now
chicken I don't know where I came from
it well spice it up and go with cock
another name for chicks I should've
known better an adjective
ah ok we'll spice it up and go with
sadder than Bruce Jenner's there you
erection Oh plural now Turtles I don't
even have to make it dirty cuz after
Bruce Jenner's erection Turtles is
perfect another plural Oh rocks ok let's
go with something a little different and
go with crack rocks adjectives pretty
well switch it up a little bit and go
with pretty wet plural noun socks
spice it up a little bit and go with a
used sex song another plural noun oh my
gosh let's see fins that's not very good
well we can make it better let's go with
the beds that the members of one
direction have sex on oh gee together
and last but not least should we just do
a car let's spice it up a little bit and
say a toy car that God lodged up Harry
Styles Harry Hole
you are bad okay I just written down all
the words and we're about to read this
story called pizza party okay now this
one's fun because it gives you two
characters the clerk and the girl
obviously I'm going to be the clerk I
know you're shocked that hasn't me the
girl okay so hello Jennifer Lawrence's
pizza shot that's not a fat joke by the
way how can I help you
I'm having a firey party and I'd like to
order enough pizza for 69 colder than
Chris Kardashian's vagina people there
has been 69 cold people in them that
make sense good 5 large dead baby should
be enough
what dog penises would you like coming
up tonight's special is pizza topped
with cock cheese sadder than Bruce
Jenner's erection tomatoes and green
turtles
Wow can you add slice crack rocks and
pretty wet that onion is wet
that's a purple wet I can do since
you're ordering more than 50 use sex
socks worth of food you get free beds
that the One Direction members have
slept on for dessert yay thanks and
please hurry we're so hungry we could
eat a toy car that got lodged up Harry
Styles
Harry hole it did I get and that's a big
car that's like one of those that's a
big one you can eat the whole thing
oh that was good that was a mouthful so
with that hairy ball
okay guys go that was Jennifer
Lawrence's pizza party yeah I want to go
all right you guys hope you enjoyed that
question the day what celebrities pizza
party would you go to I would go to
Kelly Clarkson's pizza party after like
that bitch can throw down pizza or like
oh I have to be Miley I mean oh my god
be a Polly part let me go to violence
look good you guys I'll be up a name
with us we're funding with you if you
want to see more videos of me my mom
doing stupid shit you can click on the
playlist down there also we've mentioned
this all your ties with their back y'all
epic sunglasses they're finally out you
already know but I'm telling you again
my mom bottom here that's my Kia Soul
what you can go to epic Dawson calm and
I'll put some offer codes and shit down
there so you guys can get a discount but
uh yeah I'm excited hope you like it
I feel pretty hectic you feel pretty
epic you know you should wear those
tomorrow the Molly party I'm gonna wear
my church yeah God is over
yeah I'll see you tomorrow bye have no
fear
Yahiro is he oh my super senses telling
me that thing job is near I'm getting
used to you so I can watch your back
Lily's on the loose and he's ready to
attack Oh
