hey what's up guys my name is destory
and welcome back to you WTF is much like
the rest of Shane's videos this week
today we'll be talking about the top 5
most haunted hotels in the world if you
really think about it hotels are the
perfect place for ghosts hundreds of
thousands of people attend hotels every
single year so you got to think that
some of the people that go to them never
end up leaving and stay there haunting
the hotel where they died while I myself
have never really had a scary paranormal
experience stories like the one that
Shane told happen a lot more than you
think from hotels built centuries ago to
modern ones with just an extremely
violent history like ELISA Lam from
Vancouver Canada her body found in one
of the hotels four water towers so
number one Fe hotel cecil so you might
remember the video I made a while ago
talking about the unsolved death of
ELISA Lam as well as the video that
Shane made about it but that was just
one of the terrible things that happened
in a long list of events that happened
in the hotel Cecil which I have to say
is the least scary sounding Hotel name
I've ever heard the hotel ceases there's
just no way to make it sound scary for
the death of ELISA Lam if you don't know
was a highly publicized and mysterious
unsolved death of a Canadian student who
was found dead in the water tank of the
hotel Cecil with little to no
explanation as to how she got in there
or why and the creepiest part being that
she was caught on camera moments before
her death on an elevator seemingly
losing her mind in hiding from something
that we never actually see and as if
that wasn't scary enough the hotel has a
long and violent history of just
disturbing events dating back to 1931
where a man named wk Norton ingested
poison capsules in his room probably
enough over the course of the next
decade after that death there were seven
more documented suicides within the
hotel from a man shooting himself in the
face with a shotgun a man slashing his
own throat with a razor a woman throwing
herself out of a window on the
fluor a year later a man jumping from
the roof to his death and then three
different people taking their own life
by ingesting poison all within the walls
of the hotel seasonal last time I swear
okay where the fuck are people getting
poison capsules could you guys go to a
store back then and be like yes I will
have a five poison capsules please Danks
I guess it's not totally unheard of
because you could still go into stores
nowadays and ask for cigarettes and
that's basically the same thing Oh
gotcha
don't smoke kids this message was
brought to you by the no smoking
campaign try not smoking today it's
serious
like I mentioned that was just all over
the stretch of just ten years and since
then the number of odd suicides and
violent deaths have only gotten worse
not only being the site of dozens of
suicides and just weird deaths the hotel
season was also home to the serial
killers Richard Ramirez and Jack
Unterweger but it's downtown LA
descended into crime in the 80s so did
the guests like serial killer Richard
Ramirez The Night Stalker killed 13
people as he lived on the 14th floor and
serial killer jag hunter Vega who preyed
on prostitutes some just blocks away
from the season can you imagine just
being in a hotel and seeing a dude
wanted for mass murder just walk around
sit down next to you have a continental
breakfast gives in the hot tub next to
you like because of all the death and
just strange occurrences that happen at
the hotel it's actually the main
inspiration behind the TV show American
Horror Story hotel and because of the
just massive popularity of the show a
lot of the Phantom of American Horror
Story has made a conscious choice to
stay at this hotel
probably in the hopes that they can
relive some of their favorite scenes
from the show without you know the
terrible death and destruction also
because of all the negative publicity
that the hotel's gotten over the years
new management has decided to rename and
rebrand the hotel to the stay on main
which again is not terrifying to stay on
main which I guess I get because I don't
think normal people want to stay in a
hotel where several people have jumped
to their death on it and people have
literally drank the rotting flesh of a
woman who was found dead in a water tank
above the hotel come stay at the stay on
me hey wait a second isn't this the
hotel Cecil hmm no definitely definitely
no you're thinking of another place
that's 100 percent not here but there's
still signs that say the hotel Cecil
right there you're missing
we're definitely the stay on main
there's absolutely no death here the
stay on me now with 100% no death still
rated number one on Trip Advisor's
fleshie astata award number two the
Fairmont Banff Springs Hotel located in
Alberta Canada PBM Springs Hotel is not
only one of the most scenic ly beautiful
hotels in all of Canada but is also the
most haunted hotel in all of Canada
which I don't really know if that's
saying that much cuz I don't imagine a
Canadian ghost being really that scary
they're probably really nice actually
hello do you mind if I hunt you I do
actually yes okay I'll come back later
but after a massive fire that broke out
in 1923 the original wooded Banff
Springs Hotel was completely burnt down
to the ground and rebuilt just a few
years later out of stone which I feel
like they should have just done that in
the first place well no in fact for you
guys stone is not nearly flammable as
wood yeah you know you're welcome I'm
just real smart so you know why it was
burnt down though because somebody
smoked a few yes in the original hotel
claimed to have heard voices and odd
noises coming from within walls of
certain rooms and when the hotel burnt
down it was discovered that there was a
secret room built that had no windows or
doors so there was no way to get inside
of it but somehow guests still heard
noises coming from it despite having no
idea that there was a secret room at all
which why would there be a secret room
in a hotel huh what possible reason
would there be what were the sounds
coming from inside of it for my own
sanity I'm just gonna pretend it was
like an orgy room people would just
somehow go in there and spew bodily
liquids on each other because as gross
as that is my brain can just not handle
one else that could have been another
haunting story from the Fairmont is that
of a young bride who is emerging from
her room with her wedding dress on and
while descending down the main lobby
stairs fell and died instantly on impact
and according to many guests they
witnessed a woman in a wedding dress
descending down the same stairs and then
disappearing into nothing also a former
bellman named Sam McCall he has been
seen haunting the upper floors of the
hotel with a few people even seeing him
as a completely real person even talking
with him before he instantly disappeared
and the most haunted of all the rooms in
the Banff Springs is room 873 as this
was the room where his small family was
mysteriously murdered when the police
investigation around the bar
was finally concluded and the room was
cleaned up fingerprints belonging to the
youngest victim of the family were left
on the mirror inside the room however
despite the hotel staff doing everything
they could to remove the fingerprints
they never seemed to come off the mirror
so I guess they just didn't have Windex
or I having a hard time believe in this
one's the hotel staff decided to close
the room off not let guests in there but
staff who check on the room claimed to
see be family roaming around from time
to time and many guests claimed to see
them roaming nearby the room that they
were murdered in number 3 the Hollywood
Roosevelt Hotel so this is another hotel
that Shane not only mentioned in a
previous video but actually went to and
stayed in the hotel all the while
knowing it's dark and sinister history
the Roosevelt Hotel was a 12 story 300
room hotel known all across the world as
one of the best places celebrities could
stay in Hollywood being literally right
across the street from the Hollywood
Walk of Fame and the Chinese Theater the
Roosevelt was one of the best hotels for
celebrities actors and musicians to stay
at some of their most famous guests
included Shirley Temple Clark Gable Brad
Pitt and Angelina Jolie and most notably
Marilyn Monroe who is said to still be
haunting the hotel to this day in her
old room 1200 guests have claimed to see
her face staring at them in the mirror
within the room it doesn't actually
sound that bad though like if I saw
Marilyn Monroe's ghost
staring at me I would probably just
stare right back because that girl is
what the cool kids call fee with four
C's and no kiss far as I know being
thick is good but you don't want to be
thick like with the cake but even is
things language but the most malevolent
spirit said to be inside the hotel is
that of the actor Montgomery Clift
Montgomery Clift was an actor best known
at mean 1940s and 50s who would often
stay at the Roosevelt Hotel in room nine
to eight and like Marilyn Monroe though
Clift didn't die in the hotel it's not
crazy to imagine that as a ghost they
might return to a place that they loved
and visited so much in a place that
essentially made them who they were in a
sense what's interesting is that Clift
wasn't an angry guy when he was alive
get so many guests claimed to have
similar experiences in his room of the
hotel a feeling of uncomforta cold and
angry presence when you're trying to
sleep some even saying they woke up in
the middle of the night to a weight on
top of everything most commonly seeing
Montgomery's apparition staring at them
from across the room
and tell they're forced to leave or go
to sleep somehow yeah nope I must say
though with Montgomery's ghosts and
marilyn monroe's goes it seems like
they're both just chillin you know like
I don't want to possess anyone they
don't want to harm anyone it seems like
they just want to know what it is to
live again so all they can really do is
observe from the afterlife which is
still creepy in unnerving but I think
I'd rather a ghost stare at me that it
goes trying to like possess me or hurt
me or try to kill me number four be
laying him hotel so unlike the others on
this list the Langham Hotel was built
outside of America in London England and
was the largest and most modern hotel
for its era like the Roosevelt Hotel the
Langham was known pretty much everywhere
as one of the best and most elegant
places to go if you were a celebrity
during the early 1900's and also like
the Roosevelt considered one of the most
haunted places in all of England since
its creation in 1863 the hotel opened
its doors to the likes of Mark Twain and
poet Oscar Wilde Napoleon the third and
was even written about in one of Arthur
Conan Doyle as Sherlock Holmes books and
while the hotels struggled to stay
afloat during the Great Depression he
was able to prosper afterwards by being
used temporarily as accommodation from
British soldiers during World War two
sort of like the grand budapest hotel if
you've ever seen that movie amazing
movie if you haven't seen it very well
that's not the correct way to use that
word oh my I apparently don't know how
to be cool I'm working on a dog get in a
shirt next week that says supreme across
the chest so I think you know come try
and I've also been practicing dabbing on
my haters so you know leaving the
comments down below if you think I'm
cool okay yet again can't wait for an
entire comment section that just says no
yes no but a long history of success and
reputation doesn't always mean it's that
bright and happy right under the surface
the ghost of Napoleon the third has been
seen roaming around in the basement to
man in military dress has been seen
standing next to the window on the
fourth floors have been told to be a
German Prince who jumped from the same
window before World War one
but ghost has been seen running the
halls with a gaping wound in his face
doctor who murdered his wife and then
killed himself has been seen that within
room 333 guests have had their sheets
pulled off them in the middle of the
night and sometimes the person being
pulled off the bed entirely in the
middle of the night ah and like the haut
you know CSIS new management tried to
renovate the place and wash away all the
terrible things that have happened
within its walls but guests still
complain about creepy occurrences to
this day and finally number five be
Stanley Hotel
might seem familiar for a few different
reasons as it was the main inspiration
behind the Stephen King novel The
Shining and is the same hotel that Shane
was staying in earlier this week as he
explored this Stanley Hotel one of the
things that makes the Stanley hotels so
fucking creepy is that it's made a
believer out of skeptics and people who
never would have believed in ghosts had
they not entered its hallowed halls the
air in this day of a hotel feels thin
indifferent sounds are amplified yet
silent moments feel like they engulf for
you even when Stephen King a legendary
horror author behind it stayed in the
hotel he had nightmares so terrifying he
wrote The Shining the next day based on
them people have heard piano keys in the
middle of the night after coming from
nowhere but somehow all around them
people's clothes and items being
randomly misplaced or moved around the
room when they aren't looking but as we
saw in Sheen's video just a lot of
really weird unexplained events like his
camera going out of focus
weird figures appearing on the walls in
the bathroom door closing without anyone
touching it so with all that I have to
say shame just has way bigger balls than
I do which is a weird thing to say but
you know they're like I refuse to go
with that place you couldn't pay me
enough money to stay in that place
anyways guys that is it for this episode
of WTF five hopefully you guys enjoyed
it if you did make sure to give this
video a like and also subscribe to this
channel as I'll try to be doing more
spooky videos like this all the time on
a lighter note if you'd like to see a
new video on my channel where I until
the quiz seeing how gay I am do you
click that right here or you could check
it out in the description down below be
honest I don't think anyone was
surprised by the result including my own
mother did you did you think it was
gonna be higher no no oh that's
surprising I just thought you know cuz I
used to put wigs your wigs on me and
dress up like a woman you would you
would think it was higher that's true
that's it guys I will see you next time
for another WTF 5 thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
