god oh my god I know you thought this
was going to be a conspiracy theory
video and it is you know how much I
relate to Pig
I literally squeal without even trying
we're I have called myself a pig in
pretty much every single video I've ever
put online well this morning with fellow
youtuber Queen Ricky Dillon was like hey
be one a cloud and I jokingly was like
only if you bring your pigs but then I
thought about it and I was like bitch
bring the pig but then I started really
thinking about it I'm like oh my god
what if I put this fucking pig in a wig
and put it my conspiracy shirt and put
out my conspiracy couch bitch what if I
turn this pig into me and we could be
twinning what if I put the pig in my
green shirt and they can be Taco Bell
bitch and the possibilities are endless
I can make the pig go hey what's up you
guys I'm just joking I've never seen
like a baby pig in real life I'm gonna
freak out Braylon do you understand
what's about to go down right now I'm
very excited and I think we might want
one after this we can't have a pig we
already have one big one like this house
cannot take that amount of oink have you
ever seen a pig like this no wow you're
like every morning when I wake up I know
I'm so excited just Beauty the best day
of my life Ricky's on his way the pig is
on its way the big items quail egg oh my
god oh my god oh my god I think the
fucking pig is here I'm dying I'm dying
where you go where'd you go oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my oh my god what
are we gonna do what am I gonna do what
am I going to do I cannot wait this is
like Sister Sister meeting wait wait oh
my god oh my god oh my god I can't I
can't I can't I can't oh my god oh my
god oh my god Tia it's the mayor a girl
oh my god oh my god oh my god I hear my
king oh no she was the whole time
throughout okay me she was so shook she
barked going on we got dad gold oh my
god oh my god I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
cry
so what does gonna be like when I have a
kid it's literally gonna be a pig oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god I'm so excited
she brought cheerio oh my god yeah oh my
god
Queen Queen queen oh my god we have the
same a hair color
oh my god oh my god the tail the tail
I'm dying
wait when can I meet her I don't want to
scare her I'm gonna stand over here
Johansen cereal okay that's all you can
like wheat relief just like Petter okay
here you have one yeah I mean its own oh
my gosh okay
yeah all new friends just take a little
bit Oh
oh my god I'm gonna die I'm actually
dying right now
oh my god yes more important this is so
fun
I can't right now I am crying oh yay she
was making new friends yeah oh my god
that's gonna look oh my god Mike I'm
sorry the network this is exactly her he
gets me up in the morning come and got
some food
wait how did she deal with your dog it's
really funny he loves her what's the
flavor Susan here
walk around but they get along but the
kind of like a couple that will one the
glove the other too much you know me
battle but they get strong great oh my
god
so what does she eat you think dude
order online and that you love like
carrot rock the
we're slowly realizing we're not appear
on a strict diet yeah no we're not to it
well yes bitch oh my god oh my god
Miri wow that's beautiful better out
here than honestly usually it's like
hard and solid and rxr up too much party
potty-train a pic she learned in milli a
day they prefer like outside if I'm gone
like all day so sometimes go inside the
Queen to hone in on them okay alright
we're guiding the pig into my house with
the whole like I'm going to freak out oh
my god that's how I run hmm what if we
start talking to each other huh oh my
god she's here and she's in big house
big house oh my god I have so many plans
for you Luna we're gonna put you in a
way we're gonna put you a shirt we're
going to give you so much food we're do
Pig conspiracies take spears these oh my
god a little very nice Ivan Oh baby
bitch that ass though that's literally
what my legs look like yes look like
fucking legs oh my god
oh my god yes yes climb climb Queen John
play Mario Kart do you think she smells
the cat
wait okay you said that when you pick up
huge screens right almost every page
means anything like this but I'll die
happy sometimes and yes okay but it's
very normal
like she's not being forward okay I
really want to hear it
I'm sorry okay oh my god oh yeah wait oh
my god literally oh sorry baby she was
fine but the weird thing is that once
you pronounce it - like no wait does she
have toys
oh yeah like what is she gone for you
Mike huh should we go get some dog toys
clothing like horror she's worried I'm
like I'm gonna make this bitch my new
best friend
Luna want some toys Jerry take you go
okay I had to try a lot more like this
man has a pig no don't you dare she
won't necessarily believing triggered
Picard wait do you have light oh my god
oh my god our reason are we
communicating oh my god great great are
we fucking friends or enemies I don't
know she's fascinated by the but first I
have one you should put zeros and find
she like rolls around yeah oh my god
cute I love our conversations okay we're
gonna post me some food first big okay
oh gotta take part I've never heard but
there's that she farted that water for
that I notice that smells like my fart
so the day she is nervous doesn't
literally smell it my berry party last
night in my brother's that means no no
this is open it will she
okay I'm post mating for the first time
in my whole life vegetable haha carrots
broccoli and spinach that okay Ricky
said that Luna loves to swim so I got
her a fucking pool oh my god I'm gonna
die
fool fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh whoo gosh
okay oh my god yeah fucking pig pool
party oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
see if she was really my twin she'd be
wearing a shirt right oh my god I
suppose L single challenge oh my oh my
god what you like to do - she like to
puff around yeah hi she will like roll
around and swap in my little bubble Oh
killer easy even be comfortable yeah I
may be sure also where'd you find that
pool out of nowhere Islands rather like
a giant pool
don't ask random Walmart oh my god oh my
god QG - speed me no bucket head
literally what I would do I really want
to get in there with her but I don't
want to scare her no go ahead
I don't mind really also the post Nate's
going to literally be walking up as I'm
walking into a thicket with a pig you
know what the best is like when I shop
for her like that's right I asked her
like oh how BIG's your dog we thought oh
my clothes pig for that it's so funny
your heartbeat everything oh my god I
love it
can I do in your pardon just remember
you're sitting in her pee I don't care
honestly it's like we have herpes might
be musical what you love music
really yeah looks like I'm it more like
anything she was less today she did it's
been like proving that pigs like our
food yes music video kind of I didn't do
it Oh me when I'm running away from
shade the second I thought of dancing
she left
she's like your music career husband now
it's just a bigger pig in a pool you
enduros yes you go good boy
right okay the pigs postmates came we
have all the vegetables I'm so excited I
feel like I should try to eat vegetables
with my Pig all right so what we do
first baby carrots she loves carrot yeah
oh my god oh my god the crunch I love it
oh that's the fridge how do you do on
Lena's manteca we're looking at is that
like beer have you ever done this do you
want to see the pig that's my prediction
wait I wanna do one give it to him oh
this is Audrey sexual I love it okay we
are going to introduce the pig to my cat
cheeto a Kachina we have a friend for
you say hi come on Tina
oh my god oh my god this is going to be
so cute I'm gonna die oh my god I'm here
on the Cheerios Hunger Games Hunger
Games oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god Hunger Games Hunger Games Cheetos
like wait oh my god oh my fucking god I
am going to die oh my god oh my god oh
my god wait cool kiss I'm going to kiss
so bad come on babies oh my god they're
gonna do it I can feel it they're
fucking they're gonna stop you got and
kris Jenner's filming it oh yeah oh my
god litigant zero fucks about you know
she was like the fuck you know hey be
nice cheeto Franco God why me here
wait oh my god we don't want any bad to
happen I'm scared she's mine she doing
okay I've never seen Cheetos or should
you just do this a lot
Oh chill out thank you oh my god oh my
god what precious fucking pig you're
cute too cheeto okay really want to put
one it and my conspiracy shirt how do we
do it
I've been there before I put it up and
under and it worked I just that already
did it so okay so I guess what just sit
and feed her do you want to put on the
shirt I don't want to hurt her like
lonely house over there oh my god
I officially live in a barn
oh my gosh cute oh my gosh it oh that's
fine
oh my god that's fun that's good enough
yeah we I wig my wig oh that is so
fucking funny oh my god I love the
Gherkin series welcome Kayla to the guys
yes welcome back hahaha
when is born I'll pick up me get married
and running away I love him or her she
says hi baby hi but if the time has come
to say goodbye and I want to oh my god I
love you oh yes I'm gonna oh my god I
don't think the past today's like about
they realize I cool me too
okay Lana I want to say goodbye okay
want to say goodbye
nope nope it's okay bro oh my gosh I
love you so much
Oh guys we did a video over her make you
sandwich let's check it out subscribe to
him okay he deserves that we did some
truth or dare is that we might have made
out and we might have slapped each other
and it was a lot follow Mona's Instagram
what's your Grammy and no no let's go
piggy
I'm LuAnn I love you bye-bye twins oh my
god that's what I do with you that's
Kelly
I gotta give it a thumbs up if you want
more videos with me and Richie can you
imagine I just take your pig babysitter
oh my God my talks with a pig what
happened to peace all three days without
any new videos every day is a
notification those things they know when
they're out and that's it did you enjoy
the pig I love her her it's a hard hard
Oh
