Hey I am so excited hey wassup you guys
I'm just doing my vocal warm-ups you
know I'm just trying to get this throat
warm that's not right
trying to get this throat open that's
worse just trying to get this throat
ready just as bad anyways I am on my way
to record a podcast today with Christina
Jimmy that bitch's name has so many
opportunities to roll the table so
christina grimmie is a youtuber musician
do a lot of because i know i've known
her for a long time I don't know her
channel name it's very confusing it's
like Zelda's erm around last 69
something like that I don't know I think
Jesus isn't it
at some point I don't know but I know
her screech Tina Grammy and she's
amazing and I can't believe she's
agreeing to be on my podcast because
she's a very clean girl and my podcast
is not a very clean girl my podcast is a
dirty girl with
keeping but syndrome it's a disease
people but I'm excited and then after
that I'm going to come back home and
watch TV so it's gonna be an eventful
day
okay so we are in the recording studio
right now we just did our podcast with
hello that was beautiful oh wait am i
haha
damn it man you all got out shine me I
did not outshine you boy
wow that was okay I can only do that
kind of accent like that ghetto thing
here I'm not if I'm good I'm crossing my
eyes it's the weird thing wait dude a
girl like y'all about your face before
cakey oh that was kind of terrifying
kind of amazing when you sing cross and
accurately accurate can i what sing
cross-eyed
yes agile haha I went to high school
with her I initiate turn me down a big
number speaker speaking of girls in high
school that aren't high school look
who's here I was peeing and then I walk
in and they're having this really deep
conversation about how old Lauren looks
and how old did you say she looked I
said she look like late 20s to me why I
feel like sweating because I'm like
super like mid-twenties haha anyways
this has been a really fun podcast and I
want to make a dream come true of Mines
meandher are gonna sing yeah we sang on
the BIOS already but we're gonna sing a
song together and it's going to be this
is our official duet it looks like on
the piano
we could sync timber the fossils on at
all we could sing it and then I'll do
the rap do you know the rap no no okay
beautify the birds a plane this was it
routine any damn thing change I'm a
booty by papa new blue bop bop Kimba
that was basically it
so like I'm going down we're going
timber you better move you better dance
let's make a night Shane won't remember
never ever don't won't forget I'll be
the one how I know one you won't forget
birds of pain and then changing and
hotels of Delhi I think I'm going down
I'm going to bed you had a little bit of
I don't know
so there you go guys that was our cover
of say something by Christina Aguilera
and another by on that Galera um leave
us a comment letting us know what cover
you wanted to do next and we will
totally do it yeah um you know whatever
you guys want preferably something with
a rap in it yes clearly the kids robbing
really good at rapping a job she's
really good at dancing so like we make
em cool look and if you want to hear the
podcast there's a link down there go
check it out
alright guys I'll be up funding with us
we have a ting with you by Shane's army
of people who I'm actually part of hey
she's in the army she's captain I'm off
you're the one with the gun that doesn't
know how to use it taking your the
shooting thank some people or 9mm
wait really quick we should send them
off with the you know the chorus we're
out of Reverend yes ok ready ready
have no fear Yahiro was he oh my super
senses telling me the things I was near
I'm getting those to you so I can watch
your back
Amelia's on the loose and he's ready to
attack oh I'm not a superhero I'm just a
good guy like give it a try
cuz I'm running out of time I know what
I can do and I didn't come to lose ah
file and fill your mind and when Joe
comes around I won't be going down to my
oh oh if you're in danger
oh I'm in a Sega
uh-oh that's what I made Oh give you my
love that was amazing
I need a I need a minute I'm out of
breath yeah fuck my teacher was like by
the way guys tomorrow is senior ditch
day
but if you come to class I'll give you a
free push up up growl was there 15
minutes early
