welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
internet yes dad you were right
Justin Bieber did turn out to be an
idiot the 19 year old musician was
recently arrested in Miami on accounts
of underage drinking underage drinking
while driving and resisting arrest
but the curious thing about this entire
situation is his mug shot to answer your
question yes this was a tactic used by
Bieber's PR team to make the 19 world
appear innocent and getting arrested
isn't a big deal hahaha
love me America and Canada I guess but
it does lead me to ask what happened
right before that picture was taken
Hey Selena Gomez lifted the restraining
order really no still got swag Jill
still got swag definitely seems
plausible to me if you have an
electronic device in a moderately good
Wi-Fi signal you'll know a lot happened
this week on Twitter for starters
fabulous youtuber Tyler Oakley and hair
model Liam Payne got into a fight over
Liam's supposed support of anti gay
rights
I definitely understand where Tyler was
coming from I mean he was just
supporting something he truly believes
in but on the other hand I'm just not
sure which side to take seriously
I for one truly understand just how
words can be manipulated and twisted by
the media's perception just last week I
said I'd kill Shane and you guys all
thought I was joking which I was or I
wasn't or I wasn't or I wasn't another
Twitter drama eleven-year-old unverified
Disney stars died Jackson's Twitter with
hacked and the hacker was not exactly
posting things the old Mickey years with
Poobah
sure seems like Chicken Little was right
the sky is falling this week on YouTube
I've learned that Tyler Oakley has a
distinctive knack for geography and
talking about like phrases that I always
say and they were like oh my god you
always say Dubai when I'm saying goodbye
and some of goodbye I say Dubai and
every something like Dubai and I didn't
know if I had never said it in a video
or anything and then we were talking
about
Dubai and then it hit me Shanghai is
also Tyler was teaching us all about new
uses for the names of cities I took it
upon myself to read few my own you
better Kentucky in your shirt
nice Texas girl he way to Washington
he's my main of boo why is Tyler Oakley
so much better than me thank you all for
watching this dramatic episodes Bob calm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
explosive internet shrapnel if you
enjoyed this week's episode please be
sure you have a thumbs up and head on
over to youtube.com slash Alexis chizel
to check out my latest video which is
full of happiness and delight and
basically the secret to life I will see
you all next week with a brand new
episode of bomb.com and until then
Sall good and now to Shane for the
question of the day
hey what's up you guys yes I'm laying in
bed vomit on my shirt as I'm a classy
bitch so obviously my question of the
day is what do you guys think about
Justin Bieber getting arrested are you
sad
are you happy do you not care I don't
really have any feelings on it I'm not
surprised I just feel like he needs to
take a little break get his shit
together maybe get a new parent
situation I'm sure he'll be fine you'll
go to rehab a few times get over and
he'll be fine
are you guys happy of funding with us
we're funding with you and as I've said
a million times before bomb calm is
every Sunday hopefully you guys love it
I love it which is why I'm putting it on
my channel if you don't love it then
don't watch it just don't come here on
Sundays all right you guys I will see
you tomorrow I
