so first things first robbing two
o'clock I just wanted people to know
that you know what time it was I mean
there do you know what day it is so we
want them to know like you know what
time it is
hey what's up you guys okay today we're
gonna be playing akinator again because
last time I played it it freaked me the
fuck out and I kept guessing everything
right so my goal today is to stump it
I'm gonna give it random fucking Google
that it wouldn't know like the guy that
humps my car sometimes or the lady that
works at the gas station that never lets
me use the bathroom and I'm most stumped
as motherfucker hello I'm the a Canadian
play hail year bitch my nickname man
boobs
don't ask age 88 I'm a man okay let's go
with my mom it's my character real yes
she's all real all of her shemale I
don't think so
maybe she American yes has she had a
singing career oh my god I hope not
singer but she just laid on the piano
naked and smoked a cigarette
is your character more than 30 turn your
head I don't want you guys to see this a
woman never reveals her age
does she have children yes she does and
they're called mistakes get it right has
she ever played with Brad Pitt uh-huh
I mean all things Elba they'll be cool
has your character ever posed in a
bikini
is your character married no has your
character ever lived in Japan no I don't
even think she's been out of the state
and if she went to Japan I think she
would die is your character hunted by
the military oh my god maybe that makes
sense why we're always moving no that's
just cuz I'm never coming below in one
place is your character connected to
aviation no but she's pretty fly no no
no laughter on that one right does your
character have two heads
movers shit no but she loves Abby and
Brittany loves them as your character
working in a comedy bar no does your
character personally know you well yeah
but how would you I'm gonna say no how's
your character played with Richard Gere
no he loves to play with animals though
I'm have you heard about that but my mom
would not be even that she's an animal
lover but not like that
is your character from a TV series no is
your character a famous family member
yeah I guess
say that is she from Canada I don't
think so unless she ran away from her
home country to come here why would you
do that is your character famous because
of YouTube yes is your character the
main character the work she appears in
no is your character divorced yes oh my
god ha ha oh my god
what's that little myspace sign she's
holding oh my god that's amazing how
many people played this she's been
playing 334 times that's good mom
you've been play girl you can play but
one more time let's do one more and
we'll do listen to my dog they would
know that right oh is it a woman last
time I checked yes are they more than 30
years old no are they famous because of
YouTube yes are they American she's kind
of Mexican because she's a chihuahua so
I'm gonna go with I don't know does your
character have Asian origins no is your
character linked to video games no is
your character a singer you know
sometimes when I'm singing into the car
and she's with me she would yell that
she's like get me out of here did you
care to have a big body how dare you
sometimes she's getting kind of fat
right now sorry is your character animal
yes did you catch it from a show no did
you care to have claws yes and girl
don't piss her off but she will did your
character die upon my death no oh my god
is this a psychic moment are you going
to tell me something does your character
speak English fluently no but sometimes
when I leave the room I think she do
does your character have a shaved head
no is your character like to read I
don't think animals can read I don't
even read is your character a dog yes
is your character from pudy pie no is
your character black and white no did
you kick you're a member of the team no
they don't know oh my god that's
terrifying picture look at that's the
symbol of our relationship me strangling
her to death and her wanting to leave
Tulsa me of her relationship right you
know she just ignores me well there you
guys go that was me playing the akinator
damn it at 1 again we need some comments
letting me know what game I should play
next and also who I should pick for the
act
or next like who won't it get I'd you
guys help you up my name with me
everything with you and I was a come on
hi I'm gonna go string with my dog all
natural beef no no open up that damn
let's go fuck open up that mouth it's
gluten-free I think
