oh hey what are you guys doing in my
computer tasks hanging out with all the
photos I keep hidden from the cops
anyways hey what's up you guys I'm very
excited today I'm gonna be doing a
collab with mamrie if you don't know her
she's a youtuber who's hilarious and
loves to drink and we all know how much
of an alcoholic I am oh no way
no wait that's my family oh my god she's
here oh that's our second ever hope what
song was that I think it was the song
from the Muppets or something that's the
only music I listen to so we're here and
we're very sad we gonna film some stupid
fucking video with the sombrero
actually work Oh personality is like oh
yeah oh my girl like that girl like when
you go to El Torito which I never do
because that's tacky and then like it's
your birthday and they give you this
imperative where and you're like but
then but then people are like wait a
minute
they take the Hat and they said put it
on another person and you're like oh the
sombrero has been on about 800 people
this week so we're talking about also
you know on her channel she doesn't
videos where she makes people drinks and
I don't drink but she was explaining
talked about this little old man on my
channel and I'm gonna show him the
wonders of alcohol delicious desserts oh
I would literally do heroin if it like
sent the flavor of eggnog to my brain
like I wouldn't be into it scientists
after that you know I'm not gonna be
drunk but next time I see her I will be
yes so she just left we just filmed the
video and it was honestly one of the
funniest videos I think I've ever filmed
I laughed to the point of crying and I
also laughed at the point of sweating
although it doesn't take much to make me
sweat literally just thinking about
getting in the car to go to the gym
makes me sweat oh god oh god I just
thought about it oh my god it's such a
far walk to the car anyway so that'll be
fun finish this day up where I started
my computer desk and a lot of you guys
asked me about my chalkboard wall and
you asked why I don't really use it in
videos and that's mainly because I'm
kind of OCD and when you'd write on a
chalkboard wall it doesn't really come
off I learned that the hard way this is
just covering up a huge penis going into
a mouth which was hilarious but not when
it was in the background of all of my
videos so I put a subscribe sign which
is just my penis going into your mouth
technically anyway so that'll be fine if
I did my own little challenge by myself
where I'm gonna draw like two youtubers
and you guys in the comments have to
guess who they are and grow my drawing
skills are like Helen Keller they're
terrible so you're gonna have to guess
hard okay here we go here's the first
one hey that looks like a person so far
right it's cuz his shirt is so tight you
can see his nipples this nipples bigger
than the other one let's make it
realistic right and then this give me
little jeans they're so skinny
and just huge feet just enormous like
there's no way he can't tip this way you
can't tip this way motherfucker I ain't
falling down some little highlights I
mean natural natural they're not
highlights no actually no hold up big
just lots of teeth little eyes so it's
not Bart Simpson but it's definitely
somebody who's shorts I want to eat
alright number two oh god that's huge
okay this person's head isn't that big
guys it's just looking more like a
bloody butthole with hair tiny little
skinny body with maybe some kind of like
a sheer fancy shirt with like little
shorts that might also be a skirt that
might be leggings and might be boots
that are just too fashionable for me to
understand and then cute little eyes
good job Shane that could have been
really racist cute little nose little
smirk with just lipstick lots of
lipstick and she's talking hi guys but
it's all voiceover her mouth isn't
moving she's holding a little thing of
lipstick that does not look like
lipstick that's something he should be
holding so there you go those are my two
youtubers who do you think she is who do
you think he is I'll give you a hint not
Bart Simpson and not Carrie hi guys I'm
gonna go I know it's not the end of the
day
but I have a lot of work to do I hope
you guys had fun hang with me - hang
with you and oh my god there's a dog on
my washing machine that scares me every
time you're so much better than corny
you let me do whatever I want to you I'm
kidding
corny lets me do that - all right you
guys happy opening of me opening with
you when I was at you tomorrow yes is
that bad good again shall we
back back back till don't Fred Fred Fred
hey guys yes Joey has returned just
returned from Planet flannel
