hey welcome to mom comma we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet
a demonic double baby attacked citizens
in New York let's watch
so this baby gets away with it but when
I decide to scream at random people in
the streets it gets called annoying see
I'm not even the least bit annoying one
step closer to getting more views than
Gangnam style
BuzzFeed recently released a video
describing 7/6
see things that guys do without even
realizing it
come on it's not all about the guy based
on this list I managed to pull together
a few things girls can do to be
naturally more attractive I'm basically
a doctor of love this week on YouTube
I've learned that grace Helbig and
Sawyer Hartman are basically youtuber
pimps Easley Shane Dawson the entire o2l
house oh Jesus Mary Kingsley Shane and
then
and to have tons let's bag even though
my first choice is different but then I
realized some of you are like 17 and
then 17th of push the hood shits a
flourish like that's being like oh I'm
sure she reads in the college level like
that's a push
Barry Shane Dawson because he's funny I
guess
King Billy would get it we're gonna
subscribe to those off they don't feel
like being me like a shish kebab well
that sure would be a tough question
oh so funny so funny I kill Shane I'm
totally kidding I'm a miner so
everything in that game is illegal
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this sexy episode of bomb.com
hopefully we didn't hit you with an
awesome Internet shrapnel and you did
enjoy this episode please be sure you
give a thumbs up and head on over to
Meucci complex result to check out my
latest video right is a screen and pop
culture challenge with Jason Horton I
will see you next week with a brand new
episode of on comm and until then is all
good announcer Shane's the new
stupendous question of the day hey those
of you guys okay question of the day
what would scare the shit out of you if
you were walking around the streets of
New York I would probably say Lindsay
Lohan driving a car or walking or
basically doing anything leave your
answers down in the comments and I will
see you guys tomorrow hope you have fun
hang with us we have fun hanging with
you tomorrow bye
