you know what's creepier and hotels
nothing nothing you know what's creepier
and hotels for two beds nothing nothing
you know what's creepier than a hotel
that has a microwave sitting on a
computer desk nothing nothing
okay maybe me no no that's still
creepier hey what's up guys
yes I'm gonna hotel right now I know
this looks very shady it's like why is
Shane in a random hotel what is he doing
why does he have two beds why is there a
microwave on his desk
I asked all the same questions when I
walked into this room what is this piece
of artwork mean I don't know can you
explain it
I think it's the view of somebody who's
about to commit suicide off of a
building but oh there's a pool there so
you're gonna survive and you're gonna
have to deal with your shit not the best
so yes I am in hotel room right now
working on a project that I can't really
talk about what else is new right no I'm
really excited you can figure out what
the project is if you do a little
research on the Internet but I don't
want to talk about it yet just because I
want to wait until I have life more to
show you but it's gonna be something
that's coming out at the near the end of
2014 and it's gonna be bigger than a TV
show but smaller than a whale question
of the day what do you think it is not a
whale not a dolphin they terrify me but
I can speak to them it's very bizarre I
have a weird relationship with sea
animals let's move on so that's that I
can't wait to actually announce what's
going on and I'm gonna do it in a really
big way and I'm excited and you'll see
I'll be excited what else um I just want
to give you a little update today
because the video is going to put up
today I did not really like it so I
liked it but I didn't want to put it up
so that didn't go up I'm not explaining
anything to you am i oh well let's just
live in a mystery that's what my mother
said and she got pregnant with me so
that's not good what's going on let's
talk more about this hotel because I've
nobody to talk to about it because I'm
alone in a bit and
two beds this hotel is nice it for a
place to die like it's nice if I was
like oh you know I think I'm dying
um I need a place that's like okay to
die and like I like I don't want it to
be too fun I don't want to be too
colorful like I don't want it to remind
me of why life is worth living I want it
just to be bland like gravy I want to
live in gravy
this whole hotel is like a big gravy
boat full of grey turkey gravy the
people working here very nice similar to
the same thing I said like these are
people I'd want to die around they're
not too excited they're not too happy
they don't really make me want to live
but they're making my last days
enjoyable similar with the food the food
is you know it's not making me take a
bike and go oh my god
I want to stay on this planet it's
definitely making me go oh my god I need
to stay on that toilet I need to stay on
that toilet all night good thing I have
two beds because I'm about to mess up
one of them middle the night mmm about
that my own gravy spill what else can I
talk about this hotel
should I do a hotel room tour I've been
watching a lot of Trisha Paytas lately
I'm looking know that is she's youtuber
I don't know her YouTube channel name
because it's ridiculous but um if you
just type in type in Trisha Paytas you
can watch her she's amazing and she does
a lot of room tours so let's do you want
any news um so there's my microwave it's
really completely dented in the front
like somebody got mad and punched your
fist into it so that's classy um then we
have I brought a blender because I've
been making smoothies lately I look
black there we go I've been really
healthy lately just like trying to get
on the health kick
there's a chair that somebody died in
there is uh one of the beds and somebody
probably died in there's a TV with apes
on it perfect to watch while you want to
kill yourself there is all the play
stuff
lots of GC my lesbian boots I brought
those good and leave home without them
lots of socks lots of underwear whole
lotta underwear there's us hey there's
my dirty laundry and there's my bathroom
with I don't know if you can see that
but there is about 587 towels on top of
the toilet because when I buy the toilet
I always need to dry off don't ask a
spill I spill a lot like I
lots of ricochet key ricochet there's
this creepy little area and there's
something in that black bag and I've
been too scared to open it
second question of the day what the hell
do you think is in that black bag
because I'm not fucking opening it and
then you know in case of fire just climb
out jump out the window and die
so there is the earth my sewer uh here
we go you are that I have a phone that's
not connected that's about it you guys
enjoyed this I thoroughly did um hello
guys I will see you tomorrow
everyday for the rest of your life I'm
sorry and I know you don't know what's
going on but wish me luck because I'm
nervous I'm excited but I'm nervous with
what I'm doing
for the next couple months and I want to
make sure that I do a good job and I
want to make sure that you guys like it
self alright I love you guys hope you
have fun hang with me I depend hang with
you know see tomorrow Eddie said that
already said all this I'm just gonna go
die by now this is awkward cuz I have to
press stop what did I go to patients
wrong oh yeah totally gives me mommies
that's invisible the money is I'm not an
idiot
