to
hey what's up you guys I am just sitting
here with a puppy of mine I mean it's
accusing whole world what's not cute is
that I'm kind of getting a boner from it
Oh mom's home my lap where's the boner
mom look at her dance we're gonna dance
how come you don't dance like that for
me when I get home that's a lie I dance
all the time so right now I am pretty
enough questions from a tag called the
dirty questions tag these questions
don't even look that dirty have you ever
had sex in the woods have you ever
gotten drunk have you ever thrown up and
passed out I mean this is just like a
Friday night tag anyways I'm doing this
because Brittany's coming over we're
gonna make up a couple videos I think
the other one you know I don't know how
people make these challenge videos or
why things are challenges I know Joey
did the mashed potato challenge and I'm
like girl really eat mashed potatoes is
a challenge now for this bitch okay the
not eat mashed potatoes that's job mate
so I came up with my own challenge not
food-related because that ain't a
challenge for me I'm gonna do the
caricature challenge basically the
challenge is you know when you go to the
amusement park and that creepy guy with
the mustache is like do you love we
don't draw you and you say fuck no well
pretend like today you say yes and that
group of men with mustache me and then
like while they're drawing you they ask
you a bunch of questions like what's
your favorite color
okay what's the ugliest thing about your
face or actually they don't ask you that
they just pick it and then drive and
then they like end up drawing this crazy
picture of you like on a roller blades
like eating crying apples and looking
sad and it's called a caricature so I
thought the caricature challenge it's
perfect so I'm gonna draw her she's
gonna draw me and we're gonna hate each
other at the end of it sounds good
look at her take it wait go to rubber
stomach watch what happens
oh oh yeah no no just like in the face
right now corny I kind of have nails I'm
just like my thumb and a couple places
I've bet oh you're so cute one of your
best friends yeah I'm just feel ashame
so if she's missing you know where she's
at I feel like you would put her in some
kind of weird kale dish this is my new
quinoa kale corny lunch salad with
jicama I'm in my big boys right now it's
kind of yeah it's really creative so we
just finished the video and I don't know
if her friends anymore
we are too I mean you drew me I'm not
gonna give it away you guys you'll have
to watch the video tomorrow you drew me
like I don't know word for it like
there's it's a disease there's
definitely disease involves now is a
different infection it's some kind of or
like I got hit by a bus and then they
put my face back together and they're
like this looks human right like that's
what it was like you know I didn't do
that I was eating when I was a kid I
wasn't drying you guys hear me
complaining about yours
you were beautiful
I made you amazing I tried question of
the day what youtuber would you draw
amazingly I'm gonna go with Brittany cuz
I already did it and it was amazing I
know a shame because I rock that in my
mind alright you guys have yep any of
those we've been hanging with you and I
will see you tomorrow say look
favorite sexual position
what's a technical term for being
huddled in the corner of the room cry or
whatever it is it's fucking hot
