a shame on Monday hey what's up you guys
so I thought it'd be fun today if I did
another survey because the last one went
so well and by well I mean I had a lot
of family members questioning my life
choices so let's make it happen again
this one is called the juicy survey I
already see the word naked and I don't
think it's about the juice well it might
be about my juice which is rotten number
one how many people have you had sex
with in 2006 well let's just take a look
at me in 2006 I'm gonna let you guess
the answer be cocaine crack heroin
oxycontin acid hey yo mushrooms or opium
which ones do you like do you mean which
ones do I like or which ones do I like
like cuz if we're going with like like
then I'm gonna go ahead I just love the
way it flows through my veins it makes
my heart warm if you had to pick one
what's your favorite sexual position
what's a technical term for being
huddled in the corner of the room cry
well whatever it is it's fucking hot do
you own any guns
Shh don't tell the cops I own these guns
right here under my desk
they're military-grade machine guns oh
I'm kidding I don't have muscles or guns
I'm more of a knives kind of guy have
you ever been to rehab well they tried
to make me go to rehab and I said no no
no and then I died of an overdose oh
wait I mean introduce myself not Amy
Winehouse's sorry I got confused have
you ever attempted suicide how is this
juicy unless you're killing yourself by
overdosing on starbursts
what a delicious way to go ooh or too
many gushers and then your head turns
into a huge pineapple and then you
explode ah candy makes killing yourself
look so much more fun than it is what
celebrity would you want to have sex
with I know you guys are gonna think I'm
crazy for this one but I'm gonna go with
honey Boo Boo's mom cuz I don't want to
actually have sex with her because girl
I can't get mad cow disease I'm too
young for that so technically I could
probably just have sex with like one of
her neck flaps or maybe like that area
underneath her armpit in between her
boob that kind of creates a vagina or
let's keep it real she had enough
shoulder fat chick adjust and I mean to
that how old is honey boo boo she's have
18 yet right yeah no she can't join she
just has to watch what celebrity would
you want to beat up if you have a chance
I don't have any celebrities I don't
want to beat up I don't care enough
about any of them to actually hurt them
there are a couple youtubers that I
would fucking murder of course I'm not
going to say their names but if they're
watching just know I'm fucking coming
for you the juicy survey told me I could
have you ever rolled into a horse to get
him to buy drugs I never bought drugs
but I did used to live in the harsh
ghetto and I could barely walk so I was
practically rolling but if I was to buy
drugs I don't think I would buy them
from the ghetto that's too obvious I
would just become best friends with
Lindsay Lohan killer in her sleep and
steal all the drugs everybody will think
she died of an overdose and nobody will
question while the drugs are gone
because they'll think they're in her
system I've really thought this through
have you ever watched somebody die just
in videos like I've seen people get
their heads cut off or get stabbed to
death with sticks I saw that one guy get
fucked by a horse
you didn't see him die you just saw him
internally bleed and then the caption
says he died so I guess that doesn't
really count but I've never seen
somebody die in real life no way yeah I
have how can I forget that one time oh
yeah oh that one
at one time juicy
have you ever got to jail no and if I
had gone to jail I wouldn't be making
this video right now because this pretty
girl would not have survives not because
I would have gotten raped cuz I probably
would have got murdered for my haircut I
listen at least how many states have you
had sex in Oh God a state of depression
state of loneliness a state of confusion
oh we're not talking about those kind of
states without mistakes oh yeah then my
answer is a lot more boring let's go
back to the other states state of anger
state of Rage state of schizophrenia
state of diabetic shock that one was
crazy and I think that's about it
well there you guys go all my juicy
details question of the day what kind of
piercing would you prefer tongue nipple
or genitals let me know down in the
comments so I can visualize all of your
holes all right you guys I'm gonna go
opieop landing with me - hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow right wait
until they see the dance moves that this
teen embarrasses her parents with
