that's what that told me hello welcome
to bonk amor we talk about everything
that's blowing up on the Internet a
teenager did something really stupid
let's watch yes that was a very bad idea
for this kids future reference let me
list a few other things that also may be
considered bad ideas stabbing yourself
swallowing a razor sticking an
electrical plug in your ear eating your
headphones licking a broken lightbulb
low torching your feet ripping off all
of your fingernails getting back
together with Justin Bieber
speaking of idiots it seems as though
Selena Gomez has rejected an end to the
Jelena era and has reportedly been seen
with Justin Bieber in this trying time
we want to really offer Selena Gomez the
support that she needs to get away from
Justin Selena do you remember the time
Justin tried to sneak a monkey into the
country what was he thinking Selena do
you remember the time Justin told his
fans he was retiring on Christmas Eve
thus restarting the hashtag cut for
Bieber remember that time Justin Bieber
is Justin Bieber and you shouldn't date
him
that time is now
BuzzFeed recently released a video
demonstrating dance moves that every guy
does
they think those dance moves are bad
wait until they see the dance moves
that' this teen embarrasses her parents
with
Oh
don't you oh my god you're so
embarrassing
get ready America's Got Talent coz this
girl has got talent at embarrassing
anybody associated with her People's
Choice Awards happened so it's
obligatory that I review the fashion
okay so is her dress supposed to look
like a blood clot oh so he's wearing a
lot of grey you know what else is grey
dead people
oh wow they're starving children right
here in America shine bright like a
diamond shine bright like a diamond
generous little wrinkly now this week on
YouTube I learned that Daily Grace is
dead I had a contract with a company
called My Damn Channel comm and the
contract came to an end and both parties
are moving forward in different aspects
of life and that is all we were talk
about that for now doesn't matter
because you know YouTube community has
come together to prove that viewers are
not fans of the network that a channel
is on but instead fans of the
personality behind that channel also
what I used to tell people I was a huge
Daily Grace fan they thought I was super
creepy religious so this it's grace
thing perfect thank you guys for
watching this episode of bomb com
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
explosive internet shrapnel if you
enjoyed the episode please be sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com/scishow Lexus G's all -
check out my latest video where I did a
beverage challenge with Tila done red
cups and sweaty bodies everywhere
also hey tonight Sunday January 12 I'm
doing a live comedy show in Hollywood
California doors open at 6:00 show
starts at 7:00 there'll be tons of fun
YouTube guests there so if you're into
that please be sure to check it out I
will see you next Sunday and until then
za good and now to Shane for question of
the day
I'm a moose hey guys no I'm not a moose
I'm sorry to disappoint you but I do
have a question of the day and that
question is speaking of the youtubers
dying like dailyGrace except for she
relived that's not a word
whatever speaking of youtubers dying
what youtuber would you be really really
sad if they died hopefully all of them
who's the most mine would be Joey
I mean Lisa I mean Lisa my girlfriend
you're standing right there Lisa that
one I'd be the most sad over her are you
guys let me know down the comments help
you up and hang with us we have fun
hanging with you if you want to check
out more bomb com episodes I'll put the
link down there and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
