I took to my
but you're just too feminine its oh my
god oh how are you by the way look how
orange actually no no amount of yellow
light will make me tan so we're going to
be doing something that you guys
requested on Twitter and that was for
her to give me the most beautiful
makeover of all time
yeah and I'm sub down Fred are you
kidding I mean our first video do you
remember when we were collaborating it
was like you had something to do after
but I was like I want to really want to
do your makeup yeah you're like I can't
I just can't do it I was like me to eat
makeup know so far fat it might look
like your twin I think instead of going
really crazy like black psycho cuz then
you just look like a training I think so
we're gonna make you look really
passable like a passable yeah you walk
into a room and everyone thinks oh she's
so pretty uh gotta stop that don't throw
it don't do that that's not passable
you should probably shave first but you
don't run oh man you're gonna be the
prettiest girl with a vehicon hormone
problem so this is all my makeup it
takes a village people take the village
we're gonna put a little bit of
mattifying gel on because you said you
didn't our right eye
well I did but it takes a million
showers to get me clean so just like on
the sides of your nose okay so now
you're not it didn't really work the
whole of it now we're going to do
foundation and you should get okay it's
like a spray paint can but it's really
expensive this is like do you aren't so
good I'm how expensive hmm I think like
eight seventy or eighty dollars maybe a
little bit less I'm
try to make it some so much more
expensive than it is no but if TR so
it's like really good qualities of your
have a hard time getting her off then
you go obviously okay so this is the
technique I use oh my gosh
he'll be so pretty soon do I do this
yeah of course oh yeah we're going to
just put it over your beard okay how
many days did it take you to grow this
beard chain this was not even half of
the day
no I'm a hairy woman it smells really
weird huh no I love it's fully melted
skin so good oh my God look at you okay
we need a little bit more neck what's
your girlfriend's name again Lisa she's
gonna gag when you guys she's good she's
always good I would that Gigi's Lisa all
right so now we're gonna set your funky
sheds and if this makes you possible for
sure
totes off yeah mom what kind of color
blush do you want um something to make
people go walk oh hey do you like the
heart or the square I like the square
but what do you like I'm wearing the
heart okay let's wear okay so usually
you don't want me to cut it so anywhere
I get it you already did my foundation
honey nothing a whole face this is
gorgeous with dry both the good new that
let's play it your sexy eyes mmm
I have those it doesn't work when you
admit yourself it's like a compliment
raise your eyebrows a bit just like
giving you a lot more literal literal
you know what we need to do conceal our
oh shit
now you look so fucking tired you're
gonna make you look so awake great you
look dead right now Hollywood so asleep
do my lips a fake hmm you actually do
have a really nice face though for real
so when you are like Sheneneh and
everything do you do your own makeup do
you what what brands do you where do you
put that the makeup I do it all by
myself okay and it is not very not
elaborate no it's just my mother's
lipstick smeared on my lips oh my god
you look really pretty I feel like I'm
looking in a mirror
it's like me
was like moon really pretty oh my god
that's the prettiest fucking start I've
ever seen okay but lid color do you want
I'll let you pick that my lid come yeah
I feel like that one
sure okay mmm so pretty whoo this is
gorge I think I might wear this tomorrow
now I think we're going to do a little
bit of eyeliner this is Stila for
anybody wondering okay I'm gonna stand
up for this we're gonna do a wing for
you oh I love it okay
yeah wow I just did a sick line in my
two seconds so sick I'm throwing up guys
it's looking good I just don't think
that you look passable enough mascara
which I feel like I don't want to poke
your eyes out but I'm gonna try okay I'm
gonna try not to try to poke with no I'm
gonna try not to so just look down oh my
god your eyelashes are so long are you
kidding me with this you have policies
on hahaha does that really what else
about this oh my god you're like the
prettiest eyelashes I've ever seen them
thank you
you know what I really want to put on
you a beauty mark that won't make you
really pretty are you into that or not
have a birthmark on my house it looks
like Texas really mm-hm I wasn't born
with one I feel like let's create a new
iconic Sinagua yeah I might want my
change like love set are we done no
let's we're gonna do some orchid show
orchid she'll work it yeah your lips too
like what you have beautiful features
Shane and your teeth too yeah you know I
got so pretty okay we're gonna take it
almost to your beard oh my goodness yeah
I'm really hot so we take it off you
change it it's like ruining the whole
thing now I know it's ruining it I hate
okay I mean uh we have enough of powder
over this weights my own oh my god I
focused it whoa
so now teach me like what face I should
use okay pick your best side like this
is mine
and then maybe look down up maybe like
show off your lip because I think that
that's like what you're getting the most
of right now okay with the hair yeah
Shane got right no that's good that's
good so good you ladies already did you
remember all the steps though yep okay
I'll give you that lipstick - that's
your color I feel like it looks better
on you than me anywhere you well - there
you go
I'm feeling pretty I'm feeling me home
oh we got to figure out what our
catchphrase is well you can't use mine
steak or dress obviously you'd be state
gagging so all the kids at home are
you're gay gagging question of the day
what should our new catchphrase be but
think of the gags think of the totes
think of the obvious what's the next one
guys I think I like steak adding hey
gagging is good I feel like you're
obsessed with that word so it has to be
something with them you guys do the work
yeah I is it you're a gag if you want to
check us out doing what are we doing -
we're playing I'm a fun game a fun app
Ellen's up heads up so fun oh my god
don't laugh it's so fun Ellen's
oh yeah you let you Ellen DeGeneres uh
no IIM eligible to killing each other oh
my god I've been told that for so long
I know but I love her too but her app is
really fun it's like kind of like
charades I guess but like I feel like
you're gonna kill me oh why are you good
- I'm gonna go kill her and that's what
we're gonna do oh my god my tango say my
name with you then her channel subscribe
and check us out gagging with Ellen
hunty ha ha ha
toast oh hey guys huh
didn't see you there I definitely wasn't
singing KT Tunstall suddenly I see from
The Devil Wears Prada soundtrack okay I
was
