oh hey guys didn't see you there
I definitely wasn't singing KT Tunstall
suddenly I see from The Devil Wears
Prada soundtrack okay I was and I was
killing it
hey guys I am driving right now ain't
vlogging it's bad idea hey you know what
I already sing suddenly I see can't get
any better of an idea than that anyways
I am on my way to one of my favorite
youtubers houses Andrea's choice I
haven't seen her in like two years
I'm obsessed with her video she's a
makeup guru but she's like sassy and
kind of black kind of Mexican she's kind
of everything Chan looks like rosario
Dawson I'm kind of obsessed with her a
little bit so we're gonna do some
collabs and I'm gonna play with her dog
or maybe I'll do her dog and play with
some collapse and then get arrested
it'll be fun Wow oh my god oh my god I
just walked into Urban Outfitters this
is beautiful is it racist that I thought
you celebrated Kwanzaa there's a lot
happening right now what race are you
well my dad is Porto Rican and Ethiopian
in my mom is Swedish there's a lot of
food going on there there's a lot of
diarrhea
I wouldn't even I would have bubble guts
like first okay so Ethiopian food what
is that I've actually only had one you
know it's good it's different didn't
believe that that's like when you go to
Chili's and you ask the waitress Oh
what's good here she's like um and
you're like what about the nacho she's
like we're good I don't know I'm like
it's good that's good that you didn't
know what you're eating it was probably
like roasted pig bladder or something
it was vegan oh okay and then all
Swedish so that's just like okay I have
done nothing to represent my Swedish you
know I'm Swedish like really Swedish
Swedish and Dutch Dutch you know what
just cuz you got a hint of colour
doesn't mean you can be throwing the
word right right around okay you're a
mom blacker than you you know I thought
you were Mexican and let me show you why
oh my god so first I asked her if I can
go pee and she's like sure but ignore
the smell cuz I got my snake pit in
there I thought that was a cool name for
a toilet so I was like oh she just told
me she dropped a deuce and then I opened
the door she fucking that's a snake pit
you have to get down there what the hell
is
with you what is this why well I really
like snakes
I was never allowed to have them less
and I moved out you didn't have snakes
in Ethiopia it wasn't I'm not living
there oh I could never mind I'm so used
to youtubers moving to LA from Australia
Ethiopia
Cali okay wait so then what's down here
that's not his name that's his name he's
in there you see what's in there I'm so
stupid because when you said oh I have a
sneaking around I was like that's cute
just like they're hanging out together
that's not what it is I thought that was
a turtle is that a turtles body did you
sneak eat a turtle it's a turtle shell
that you buy Petsmart the rat ran away
from me and hid by the snake to get away
from my hands and my snake still wasn't
is it fucked up that me and probably
everybody at home just wants to see it
happens I want to see it happen so bad
just like video of all time they have a
lot of dislikes I try to not watch it
but it's hard not to when I was in
science class a rat you know when rats
have kids if they don't like the kid to
eat it what that happens see that now
you don't feel that bad for that rat No
so in science class a rat we had rats
ate what its own baby and just started
throwing up blood everywhere in the
middle class what makes a rat decide if
you likes it or not I mean just like
society I mean Farrah Abraham tweezed
her daughter's eyebrows and she's - so
parents just love pretty kids on that
note we're gonna film the video so right
now I'm watching her contour was the
word pomp taught me were her features
now what does that mean contouring is
like if you're going to take a picture
okay sometimes the camera can actually
flatten your features that's I'm always
flat so it's for videos like it's for
like video or pictures if you're gonna
get school pictures should contour
before
what about like dick pics can i contour
healthy am i contour you can you could
probably contour to make it look smaller
I don't need that I think I'm good I
think good on that end
what about vaginas do they do that in
porn like contour vaginas like I'm
pretty sure I'm sure they put makeup on
it yeah I knew a woman who is a fluffer
slash porn makeup person oh I gotta
teach you something so a fluffer is a
bit usually sad fat and lesbian woman
who stands in the corner of the room of
the porn set and just like softly jerks
off the guy and it's which digs so you
don't really yeah cuz I mean you you I
guess I guess a fat lesbian squatting in
a car with it wearing a man vest is sexy
I actually patient so question of the
day know what is the worst job ever you
think I would say a fluffer that sounds
terrible it depends on the girl but they
usually don't hire grocery love it they
usually hire the fat lesbians who aren't
into it so the guy doesn't feel like
well so they're like the woman I knew
you'd have to be kind of a lesbian just
be staring at half you rent dicks all
day you get so bored right that cat over
there it's just just 1100 I was like
what you're wearing pants like what are
you talking about don't show much you
can contour the cat before I show it you
can show my mom a note I'll be opening
with us we opening with you and I will
see you tomorrow I'm gonna just contour
that cat oh my god in the next vlog you
should contour my nose we'll do that
make it look huge but it's a new heart
because your nose is really slender I
would just like black no it wasn't good
no no I love that nobody's ever called
me slender that's the first time
anybody's ever said that about any
feature of mine well mmm
alright guys we're gonna go damn she
gave me the lesbian fluffer Pat
let me get it all out right now
first farts poops poop squeeze squeeze
yeah I laugh every time I say Queen
