hey what's up you guys so last week I
got a comment that said Shane is it
impossible for you to answer a question
seriously and then I really thought
about it and I was like yep now I can
answer questions seriously I just don't
think it would be an entertaining video
if I did but then I was like you know
what just to try it out let's see if I
could do an entire video where I answer
not only seriously but serious questions
so I found a survey called the serious
question survey and I'm going to really
try it's going to be hard I'm sure
there's going to be a lot of moments
where I'm going to want to make a dick
joke and talk about my poop and I'm
gonna try not to all right let me get it
all out right now first farts poops poop
squeeze squeeze yeah I love every time I
segues okay I'm good I'm good number one
would you shave your head if a family
member asked you to because they had
cancer I would shave my head if a family
member said hey I'll give you 20 bucks
wait fuck that was it a serious answer
okay yes I would because I would want to
make them feel comfortable with shaving
their head that sounds right right
yes I'm serious what would you do if the
doctor pulled you pregnant whoo this is
gonna be hard okay well for starters if
a doctor told me I was pregnant it
wouldn't be the first time because I
look like a woman and I pee enough for
two damn it that wasn't serious okay I
would probably leave a terrible yelp
review on the hospital and say I'm not
pregnant
that's not possible but it still give
them like four and a half stars oh I'm
too nice did the one person who hurt you
most in life apologized
yikes no um that one person I can you
can probably guess who it is and no they
did not and that is why I don't talk to
that person anymore this is too serious
it's making me uncomfortable but I am
NOT one of those people who need
somebody to apologize I can just move on
by myself like when there's a hair in my
food at a restaurant and the waitress
comes over and she's like I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry oh my god oh my god oh my
god girl I've already picked it out and
ate the whole thing I don't care I know
what you're thinking Shane that was joke
that was a joke I am serious I've eaten
so much hair food you have no idea
explain the last time you throw up I
mean how do you seriously answer this
well one time I threw up because I was
at a funeral and the one I loved was
dying and it made me throw up I don't
know how to answer this I ate too much
frozen yogurt one time and it made me
throw up
that's serious enough for you it was
Yogurtland and I had banana nut bread
flavor who thought that was a good idea
the Yogurtland people well guess who
also thought it was a great idea my
toilet coz he gobbled it up sorry I got
you angry hey this is good it's personal
to real it's serious angry do you have a
bad temper no do you think you'll be
married in ten years I think I will have
been married in 10 years
do I think my wife will still be with me
no because she's probably not an idiot
how many funerals have you been to dear
Lord a lot people die around me watch
out guys how often do you think about
suicide okay um not very often
probably as much as I think about
Jessica Simpson's vagina which is never
I don't want to think about anything
that big and loose unless it's my fat
pants crop you think about them all the
time so want to put them on go to yo
girl and get some banana nut bread and
then just throw it up there I go again
huh sorry serious are you proud of
yourself I am proud of myself because I
think anybody else who would have gone
through my childhood probably would have
more problems than I had I mean I have
problems don't get me wrong but I
recently saw a therapist and I was like
yeah I went through this this this this
isn't this and she was like oh let's
hide all the sharp materials but I was
okay I'm fine I'm fine I know but I'm
really fine and and yeah if you're going
through a hard time in your childhood
right now or your adulthood or whatever
age you are just know that you can get
through it you can deal with it just
fucking put your fat pants on and do it
don't sit around and be sad about it
because guess what sitting around being
sad about it just means you're gonna be
sad about it just shut up get out there
do something awesome I decided to put on
a wig and make a video you can do that
too your parents might send you to a
psych ward but guess what
so a lot of people decide for do things
people who wear wigs are funny
they're medicated but they're laughing
that's all that matters well I was
serious right yeah sure do you
cater if people hate you know a lot of
people hate me for no reason just
because I'm on YouTube they hate me it
is one of those weird feelings where I'm
like oh if I died tomorrow at least one
to maybe a hundred thousand people out
there would be like oh thank god that
guy died or they'd probably tweet
something like Shane died thank God that
guy so knowing what a douchebag
it is weird think about that because you
know that's not normal to have people
excited for you to die but it doesn't
bother me which is also not normal that
should bother me it doesn't bother me as
much as homeless people who are wearing
nice shoes nicer shoes than mine is
problem what are we talking about
oh yeah death okay let's move on is your
world crumbling to pieces I don't
believe so
my world is okay it's good you know I'm
just busy working making videos
nothing's really crumbling sometimes I
get psoriasis sometimes I get eyebrow
dandruff yes that's a thing but besides
that kind of a crumble not really God
answers these questions are they like
yes let me tell you all the ways my
world is crumbling and where do they put
the answers on Facebook and with
somebody like that comment I wouldn't
like that comment is there an
uncomfortable button I can hit seriously
whose name one moment where you
sincerely wanted to die during my first
physical I got my first physical like
six months ago and I wanted to die she
put her hands on my balls
and they shriveled up to nothing and the
doctor literally went oops ooh and those
are not noises of a woman who was
impressed and at that moment I wanted to
die but guess what still here I'm still
kicking I'm not dead yet so there you
guys go those are my serious questions I
really tried okay I like half tried
because if I would have really tried it
would've been really boring but I gave
you enough seriousness that I think
we're OK hey are we okay we're good my
dog is over by the door begging to get
out she's so uncomfortable let Daddy be
serious anyways hope you guys have fun
aim with me I've been hang with you and
I will see you tomorrow leave me some
questions down in the comments if you
want me to answer any more and I will
see you guys tomorrow stay serious but
not too serious cuz that makes me
uncomfortable but where was Shane he has
to be in there what else could he
possibly been doing I've never seen a
damn
in the flails
