hey welcome to bomb.com where we talk
about everything that's blowing up on
the internet gods at YouTube itself
recently released a video entitled what
does 2013 say a recap of the site's most
trending videos over that year made
using popular youtubers I'm up all night
together as a kid who was completely
internet obsessed this video makes me
want to cry happy tears it dared to tie
together the Harlem shake with goat
remixes Tyler Oakley played Lady gaga
although one thing I did wonder about
was when Shane got into prancercise stop
talking and do some walking
that definitely was not Shane but you
know what I could've sworn I saw him in
this part where was Shane he has to be
in there what else could he possibly
been doing I've never seen a diamond in
the flails I could not see the wedding
ring in a movie
oh yeah that actually makes a lot of
sense
Miley Cyrus is official puppeteers
recently released the music video for
her song adore you off of the album
Bangerz oh yeah
I found this video in actuality
intensely boring and that's not even
counting the fact that Miley was doing a
lot of mmm
special alone adult fun times I learned
about in sixth grade sex ed you know if
this video had actually been around when
I was in sixth grade which was four
years ago via trolls maybe I wouldn't
have had to watch a live human birth and
maybe that girl who sat next to me in
class would have seen how much fun Miley
was having and wouldn't have gotten
pregnant two weeks later you you have a
New Year's resolution would be healthier
look no further than this list from
BuzzFeed
Oh me doing that oh well no but if
you're like me and not really interested
in the whole health thing or getting
dressed for that matter check out this
next list this list ties in absolutely
perfectly with what I learned on YouTube
this week which is that every makeup
beauty guru ever created
sidenote I'm pretty sure that makeup
gurus are not actual humans and are
creating a laboratory somewhere make it
an tutorial helping you guys to get
ready for New Year's so today I'm doing
my New Year's Eve get ready with me
videos is my New Year's Eve look um by
the way I'm not naked I'm wearing a tube
top for this New Year's Eve look hey
guys today I'm gonna be filming a New
Year's Eve I look for you
yeah that's not really happening so for
people like me I made it your tour I'll
help you out
hey guys it's sexy Lexi 12 here and I'm
going to be teaching you how to get
ready for New Year's Eve see get ready
for New Year's Eve the first thing you
want to do is take off your makeup next
what you want to do is find like some
pajamas and then the third thing you
want to do is to climb into bed and then
the fourth thing you want to do is to go
to sleep because you have no friends or
plans ever you can try this look any day
of the year even on Tuesday new year new
me right thank you guys for watching
this delicious episode rom-com hopefully
we didn't hit you with our awesome
internet shrapnel if you enjoyed this
episode please be sure to give a thumbs
up and head on over to youtube.com slash
Alexis Transall check out my latest
video which is for happiness and fun
times and maybe even sus bets I will see
you guys next week with a brand new
episode of bomb calm and
till then saga and now to Shane for the
question of the day
hey what's up you guys hope you enjoy
today question of the day what did you
do on New Year's because you know Alexis
didn't do anything I sure as fuck didn't
do anything you know we don't have
friends
we don't have family we don't have love
we just have ourselves and pizza so tell
me what you did are you guys up yet fun
hang with us wait but a with you and I
will see you tomorrow with a brand new
at scene
bye
