shame Monday yeah yes it is that special
time of year again or drunk people slam
things around and be loud as fuck or if
you're Lindsay Lohan any kind of sexual
experience so today I thought it would
be fun if we didn't ask Shane New Year's
edition and I promise I'll never do that
again cuz that was just that's gay not
as gay as the stuff I usually do on a
gay scale it was probably like here this
thing all the dudes I've made out with
on camera and this being bad anyways
speaking of gay it's gonna be a gay old
time today so let's get to the questions
Sarah wants to know hey Shane did you
have any crazy parties this year I
didn't throw any crazy parties unless
you count me going to the soup
plantation with two coupons uh pardon
cuz girl that was party I don't really
do parties I don't really get invited I
don't really go I don't really have
friends I don't really have family I
don't really have anybody my life though
invite me to anything I was worth going
to except for that one time me and least
someone to Souplantation what supergroup
oh yeah yeah my life is awesome Jerry
wants to know what was the worst thing
that happened to you this year glad
we're asking fun questions Jerry
honestly this year wasn't that bad Oh
was I just positive for once oh god
let's change that the worst thing to
happen this year was probably I don't
want to ring too much attention to it
but there was an incident near the
beginning of the year where something
really racist happened on YouTube that I
had nothing to do with and they all
thought I did has nothing to do with it
so it became this whole like Shane is
racist thing and I had a lot of black
people tweeting me very angry things
which was really hard for me because
every time I see a black person tweet me
I get all excited and then I would read
them and that excitement would turn to
sadness similar to the way I react when
amanda bynes has a new tweet excitement
who finance sadness let's move on pearl
wants to know what is your favorite
video you made this year I'd say it's a
toss-up between my Miley Cyrus parody
for we can't stop and my Christmas music
video both kind of felt like drug trips
I was under the influence of Molly
during both of those and it's always fun
when I'm filming a video and there's a
lot
people because it means I don't do
anything too crazy because there's
people around when I make videos alone
that's when shit gets crazy and I get
arrested I'm not wearing pants right now
Frankie wants to know what's the
craziest thing you've done this year
well I went to the gym like twice a week
and that was crazy
I also drove like 35 miles to go to a
Walmart once guys sit back I mean life's
getting crazy oh and then there was at
one time where I almost gotten hit in
the face by Katt Williams sometimes God
hates me Sarah wants to know did you get
drunk over the holidays as you guys know
I don't drink but if I was to get drunk
I probably would just do the same stuff
I do sober embarrass myself
kiss relative run outside naked
screaming the reindeers are coming the
reindeers are coming and they need so
much I vomit yeah I'm a drunk Aaron
wants to know what was your favorite
movie this year I know everybody's gonna
say gravity but I didn't love that movie
I mean seeing somebody with a lesbian
haircut float around alone for two hours
that's just me on the weekends except
she was floating which is cool I'm just
laying on my couch so I guess my
favorite movie would probably have to be
had I don't know
if I wrote videos count I really liked
that video if that prostitute filming
Justin Bieber sleeping Oh
do you think they'll make a movie out of
it oh my god it'll be like believe part
two 3d oh god oh god Justin make that
happen
Sheldon wants to know Shane I think
we're gonna cut your hair this year why
didn't you do it well I'm gonna be
honest my plan was to cut my hair off
but then the TV show thing happened and
a couple other thing happened happened
where I couldn't really cut it that
short so I'm still waiting but trust me
the second I get word that it's okay for
me to cut my hair it's leaving my head
completely leaving my head like an
audience thirty minutes before the Tyler
Perry movie is over it is God I'll just
give you a hint it's gonna be like I
don't really know yet I think it's
probably it's gonna be like short and
then it's gonna like be like that with
like that and like that but not like
that like that with I with how bad and
then that but like not like that so like
this except like not like this cuz like
this is not not what that is that makes
sense
no okay great I'm gonna go tell the
hairstylist
the same thing and last but not least
Jessica asked Jane what are you most
excited about this year I'm excited
about the idea of directing my first
movie and I'm also excited about the
idea of cutting all of my hair off I'm
also excited that I heard the
Kardashians is getting cancelled there
is a god ah what a great year all right
you guys I'm gonna go I hope you had a
fun year hang with me I had funny hair
hang with you and here's to many more
years of us hanging together I just
punched you in the tit if you have any
more questions for me to leave them down
in the comments or just tweet them and
Facebook them to me with hash tag hash
chain and that's about it I love you
guys hope you have fun I will see you
tomorrow bye Happy New Year Happy New
Year hold on okay you're gonna make it
through this you're gonna make it
through this come on Kim you got this
come on to me oh it's okay Timmy look
inside of my guts Timmy
