hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now remember a
while ago when I talked about a very
scary challenge called
one-man hide-and-seek basically it's an
incredibly dangerous game where you take
a doll and you let me get inside of it
and then you play hide-and-seek now I
swore to myself I would never ever play
this game because I don't want to die
but then I said suck it why not
so now me need room Garrett I'm going to
try to play one man let's just all right
the boys are by the fire and one of the
boys has his Taco Bell I thought he had
it
wait what do you mean I mean they didn't
they put lettuce when I said not to put
mother all these are lettuce I'll need
anything let's kill them wait can you
tell them what you told your postman in
the text message because Garrett and I
were joking around I thought it would be
funny for me to write he wrote and he
wrote me a text do you know like a hi
I'll be there in 10 minutes
so I said hey warning I might want to
joke around a little while retrieving my
order
enjoy the back-and-forth and we want it
to be awkward right why and he put all
lowercase which changed from the
original lol oh boy okay but now I have
the video of me saying it though so what
happened something wrong will you film
this intervention why are you making a
production out here dude there's no you
can't see it it's a good audio no I hope
that's legal I put it up to the camera
what's in there I don't want to talk
about it that's not your problem
oh my god mmm well I gotta make her up
by the fire
well speaking of fun and creepy stuff
today we're going to be playing
something called one-man Haydn's week
you guys know what this is no buy this
now that just might be the best thing
we've ever done it is because it
involves a realistic baby doll I'm so
excited
so I've talked about these before I
think but there is this thing called
reborn have you heard of this yes
they're the babies that I guess
sometimes when people when they have
baby issues or some things they can
order these babies online that look
identical to real baby so maybe kind of
sad
can't have little baby infants order
these and then walk around pretending
like they're real right yes so I went on
a website and I bought two babies
because I'm a fucking weirdo not because
I'm a mother so they are in the house
they're in boxes I have not looked at
them and they are very realistic babies
that supposedly feel like babies but we
don't know that yet but the photo show
realistic but I can't wait to unbox
these babies what can it be a baby
unboxing video perfect yeah what if it's
like a reborns male okay here they are
here are our children are you ready dad
hurry do you know what's happening No
stop doing shit oh it's fine that we're
not bringing in real demons just baby
demon you want it wait for the video
come on
I love when my dad share food alright
daddy let's unbox these babies wait
there's two which one should we start
with the smaller one of the bigger ones
all those open this alright here we go
he's in this one I had a feeling that it
was going to be packaged like this and I
feel like there's going to be a little
note about like taking I don't want to
like disrespect yeah when they wrapped
it up should they do it like it was a
lie that looks like they did I feel like
it would have is real pick it up like am
i caring little angels oh I'm okay shout
out oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god okay pretend she just came out Oh
anyway has a sign oh my god kara that
looks right I think this might be much
you know why the Cornell family I love
the monkey that is the most realistic
baby date opening what kind of you are
nervous yeah George you can do whatever
you want do it do it
haha it says let I mean is it well oh
you're gonna grow up to be so sharp in
his face
wait can I do that a little
my god can you make it look like a
little pug nose boy imagine if it really
did right uncle
wait let's move it to the light you guys
we need to really with heavy that is my
child you for the clothes wait there's a
clothing hall Oh Kahn said whoa wait
whoa guys guys fucking real I can't my
hand about shut up that is oh my god oh
my god wait okay Wow
you know what did he grow into something
go can you make a table made simple I
was wanted to go baby
sure okay really quick so we don't want
to look like we're disrespecting I paid
a lot of money for this and whoever made
it is a fucking artist and oh my
classics so real is just digging by the
way this is not like a company it's not
like they make them for people who lost
their babies that's part of it but some
people just like collecting them and
that's up yeah that's true like it was
huge I guess old women you know how they
love collecting dolls same thing but
with these it's not all dark oh my god
honestly whoever made this who made this
this is that no no this is art though
over here and Karen's Oh angels this is
fucking everything that it's so real
it's no look a baby no I swear smell it
oh my god sorry if you are near me a lot
oh my god something Wow
okay back to the Taco Bell oh he wants
to feed him some talk about birthday
it's time to eat baby oh my god all
right let's get the next baby all right
all right by the way little baby
Benjamin that's why I'm calling him just
because we're not two doesn't mean we're
looking any laughs wait this is Benjamin
sure
good always facedown oh that's a
beautiful baby sorry bad I love our
family he's got to get that taco boat
wall do you see you under he huh wait
can you guys spot the other baby how do
you do that so fast magician
I guess I'm magical okay so now that we
have the babies it's time for me to
explain this ritual so basically what
we're going to do is we have to cut one
of these babies open fill them with rice
so the mecha light some incense and then
hopefully they'll be good uh that's not
happening to my daughter this one gets
the cups well I think we should take a
vote who thinks that Benjamin should be
cut oh I could just read all her
comments they said no I mean that would
be funnier
okay we'll cut what's his name I think
his name is Franklin so I have this
medical table it's metal so let's lay
down Franklin this is like a morgue
table so I suppose why we're using it so
here's the ingredients that we need
smell oh right I'm gonna make this one
wash passive-aggressively this is she
one red thread incense needle a lighter
scissors and a knife
okay so I've printed out all the
directions because we're spending it
number one using a sharp edge cut open
the doll and remove the inside wait
whatever is in there get rid of it all
right who wants to do cut um Garrett
okay so it I think cut the front all
right
oh no oh I don't like this I do like
much are you wearing oh my god oh my god
this is actually raised ribbing should I
not show this part it is really scary
right yeah maybe put like that are you
possessed talk about possessed and this
is scary it's the rituals oh we have to
yeah we have to I won't show the face
fuck I oh my god oh yeah faint cry okay
this is all we need actually yeah that's
it that's all we need see that wasn't so
bad right Danny so let's just rip out
some of this he won't have a heart came
out who you was
oh it's like dr. pimple popper well you
hope this isn't toxic almost down no
it's okay I just keep on pulling it's
coming what if they hit me in the eyes
not what you drew oh wow
Oh what if there's a surprise in their
number to replace the stuffing with dry
uncooked rice oh wait click off a piece
of your fingernail and place it inside
the doll that's all you know about my
dream else we're going okay there your
nose then
oh really already yeah you're smart okay
Horsham right we know right actually
works for your phone too you should sort
of you start a tech channel the tech
repair channel using the needle and red
thread stitch the doll back alright
daddy is showing up a baby people who
know how to sell we're going to drag me
they're going to be like I mean I think
it looks good really some of you think
that sewing okay the next step is to
fill a bathtub with water all right okay
I had to cover the plug with the candle
cause it's broken because excited for
your new sibling no okay the next step
we have to name the doll what do you
think his name is I thought Franklin oh
oh whatever this one yeah chamomile
ready is that pretty you're never
allowed to have killed him
alright we're going with Frankie that's
it it's like my design I love this
people bring it to life I'm so smart I
know you can okay so next is that we
have to go in there and purify the room
so I got some infant a cup and he left
obviously I'll baby fall - Noah - you
wanna go do the honors all right so just
I guess like walk around and just like
put it everywhere yeah oh wow you look
like snow white with all your antelope
hmm yeah I think it's pure oh oh yeah oh
yeah we really do that okay now it says
it's time for this
okay so we have to repeat the following
phrase to the dolt three times we just
say Frank it's ours so we all did it
together
Franklin is the first Franklin is the
first Franklin is the first and now we
have to submerge him underwater and
leave him there turn off all the lights
and go to a hiding spot
oh oh my gosh do it
wait drew what are you doing I'm just
going to toss them are you drowning our
baby drop it in there baby shouldn't we
fill it up so we're fucking at work
oh yeah do the Campbell not work over
the drain wash off company mascara yeah
we had to turn off all eyes I mean by me
alright so now we have to turn off all
the lights can you turn off that one you
know you're ruining the scary by it by
being excited alright we're turning out
by the light or are you ready for the
demon alright now we have to hide where
should we hide oh we used to grab nice
we all have to grab something sharp
no just butter knives no hurdles oh okay
I'm grabbing this my god why do you have
a prison ship Shane opal scissors nah
that's too short pizza cutter okay
oh you know they told me yeah I wouldn't
want to run on too bad okay now wait to
hire okay
should we all head together wait what's
that I may be here with me okay so let's
hide over here okay
all of our sharp objects were hiding do
we have to hide
turn on a TV those are eyes and count to
ten let me know sure this may be pretty
good things very scary
okay the TV's on so now we have to close
our I think on the 10th ring yes
both devices 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
now when you're finished Riley open your
eyes retrieve your sharp objects and go
to the bathroom we have to remove the
doll from the bathtub and data phrase I
have found you Franklin I use the sharp
edge to cut the red thread open oh you
want me to cut it open a burnin open oh
this is so intense you can do whatever
you want
wait who turned the water off we're
supposed to say I have found you
Franklin
okay I have found you Franklin is known
as you Franklin i challenging Franklin I
found you Franklin and when he fired up
what what would you try to come you know
what in the back does it not a design
wait now we have to say you are next
Franklin put him back in the tub and go
back to our hiding spaces okay um you're
the next wrangling hurry go it up wait
so what is it supposed to follow us now
I mean there's something on my back wait
the ending so now we have to take a
large mouthful of salt water do not
swallow it hold it in your mouth emerge
from the hiding place and begin looking
for the doll and then it says the dolt
might not be where you liked it I really
owe these where we left it wait salt
water what you get looks like a recipe
on the page all right let's go get some
salt water
Chandru this is one is for you cuz it's
a spooky video okay obviously Oh big
monster that appears for me okay let's
all put some in our mouths okay
oh wait someone else will do wait I
don't know I think so everybody spit on
us oh you poor the rest of your water
over it the settings done maybe say I
went three times well do you want to
happen
well you only did it alright go I'm just
going to pause just in case is the demon
I win I win I win I win I win I'm
wearing yellow so you win I win we win
it husband I win
and now should we take a picture exactly
where I was he was right there okay the
last part of the game oh my god you're
gonna die
it said to burn the baby no yes
oh you're so dude we are loving this oh
my god yeah literally the ending of the
game is to burn the baby off the demon
from your house damn that's crazy
let's do it alright let's go get the
baby and prepare him for the fire
yeah shame it's not like that's
different right how much of this way
unfair he could just slid down maybe
wait what like different from look is
that like what do you not I mean cuz the
skin was right above his head from the
top from the candle okay well maybe you
sweat or get the best cereal in there oh
all right well let's burn him so the
fucking demon goes away great idea okay
the fire is first of all I'm sorry to
the artists who made this we loved it we
you know it was for the video and it was
a great video and his you need to see
his eyes laughing his purpose in life
was fulfilled
Trudy have any goodbyes I love you I
want you to know that quite hold us
Andrew yeah I mean I know stuff is gonna
go down right now that you don't even
know about yet it'll be kind of your
last thing but I love you I can I feel
something I did Garrett I just miss I
miss him already
um can I say something yeah okay hold
the phone baby wait I get him a little
bit more in the fire yeah okay can I put
lighter fluid all over him yeah okay
woah oh no the demon has been released
Benjamin is loving this yeah she wants
to watch
is never going to happen to you baby we
love you bye Franklin see you and house
that's so chilling oh my god
the face is changing like the expression
is different this is the husband Wow
are we bad people yeah I think so I
think we're entertainers well that's it
end of the night at the end of the
ritual I feel like we killed it
literally yeah mission alright guys
hopefully you enjoyed that guess what
you can go over to my dad's channels and
watch their new videos hi I'm Garrett
I'm drew
Michigan we make video blogs
I know Garrett and drew have been
posting on their channel to get it a
little lighting to go there and
subscribe and watch the new videos and
also give this video a thumbs up if you
want to do more scary games maybe next
time we'll kill a real person yeah don't
want to do that alright you guys make
sure to subscribe to my channel hit the
notification Mel because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see the other creepy videos that
we've all made I'll put a link to a
playlist at the top of description below
I gotta go bye
you
