hey what's up you guys hey know why my
voice is so high
oh it's cuz I'm grabbing my balls hey
what's up you guys so today is gonna be
fun because I'm going to be playing
happy wheels again it's the happiest
game in the world it makes me so happy I
just love watching people die almost as
much as I love watching people being
born you go on my youtube channel my top
searched word is birth yeah alright here
we go oh oh there's so much to do let's
do whose strings what is that you know
when I was in Middle School I played the
violin maybe it's like that where's my
favorite yeah whoo I hope it's a bunch
of strings that strangle that little kid
mom let's go play the strings wait wait
what
what's happening Oh God what's happening
hey we're still alive
oh right no we're still here we're still
it's oh oh look my son is holding my arm
that's love that's love and doosh
we're good we're good ah shit oh my god
what does that do Oh oh my god
oh that's what that do look the legs are
still krumping they're still twerking
and dead I love that the little boy's
head is just exploding with blood that's
crew that's crew all right let's move on
ooh happy Green Hills that sounds happy
I'm gonna go with this fat bitch damn I
just wanted her to do like a haul video
like what's in my car
well oh no I'm sorry girl oh no it's all
gone oh my god oh my god no you find you
find girl you fine oh oh now we're you
gonna put all that food you can just
slide it down your neck probably alright
let's try that one more time
all right you got this girl yeah you got
the sausage necklace okay cool cool we
got this we got this shit you see just
rolling with groceries fat bitch you
just got decapitated you disgusting
capitated looks like an egg you know
what though that's soda ooh nobody tried
to open that cuz that has been shaken
all right but it's try another one this
is the best game of all time of all day
all right let's try the mouse hole oh I
love mice oh god that's terrifying
that's what you see in my bedroom
I got some freaky ass neighbors hey
little mousey Oh okay Timmy it's fine
we're just gonna go see this mouse oh
shit
oh God oh you're oh we're fine we're
fine we're fine Timmy Timmy look he's
looking at him while he dies Timmy I
want you to hold on okay you're gonna
make it through this you're gonna make
it through this come on Kenny you got
this come on Timmy oh it's okay Timmy
look inside of my guts Timmy this just
got real weird okay let's try that again
and uh and jump oh it's always the dad
it's okay Timmy you got this Timmy you
got it oh he just has to stare at his
dad dying this is emotional Super Meat
Boy I like the sound of that
no I don't Oh God oh look he's a
whatever that is oh god oh god oh my god
oh baby Gavin get Hank but actually I
began what does happen I don't like that
one I don't like that one at all no no
his body was like a yo-yo when the
string was like intestines that was too
much for me Oh cornea of time I don't
know what that means but it sounds
beautiful and romantic oh okay so I
guess we just jumped that oh sorry girl
and then we just keep going forward
sorry and then we just oh god it's okay
though I still I'm still alive I'm still
alive
oh it's okay we got this oh my god I'm
gonna try this one again because I feel
like I just needed to I need to know
that that's coming all right
nope okay let me try that again
his head is in my ass and jump come on
yeah and forward and jumped damn it oh
come on just let me go let me go let me
go
oh how come the little boy never dies
that ain't fair oh wait no no I still
survived I survived I know I don't know
how to love good survive come on dude
stop in such a bitch that's why you wear
a helmet
Oh Oh I can't even see what's happening
but it's not good is it
oh no it's not Oh what is that okay now
let's get out of here oh wait actually I
want to see how what this happens oh uh
oh uh he looks like he's enjoying that
Neagle though all right let's play one
more let's make this a good one crime
city sounds like my childhood wait where
am I
mine the car what's happening that did
not oh there we go
oh now we're moving making my way
downtown walking fast faces pass at home
bad doo dee dee dee dee dee dee doo dee
dee dee you why am I going so slow oh I
guess I have no legs so there's nothing
pressing the gas that makes sense all
right that was uneventful let's do one
quick one one last quick I'm just gonna
click whatever I see BAM the combine Oh
perfect
oh well on that note I think I'm good
today guys go that was me playing happy
wheels again if you want me to play
another game leave me a comment down
there telling me what to play and if you
want to die let me do it please I'm so
good at it aren't you guys hope you have
fun playing me I'd fun playing and
hanging with you Lou it sounds gross
I'll see you why oh my god you look like
a dog now performing her hit single
jewels and drugs lady mama dada
