Merry Christmas
yeah
is already Hanukkah that cares about
Hanukkah oh that was so last month we
have a reindeer sit on my lap and tell
me what you want
come on sit a lot don't know if you want
come on get over laughs so today we're
going to be doing the boyfriend vs.
girlfriend Christmas question challenge
tag you're it
whatever say that really I don't know
what my hair looks like Andy I should
definitely have done it it kind of do my
bell
yeah I'm a laugh so here's how we're
going to do it I am going to ask five
Christmas questions about my life
Christmas related and she has to guess
what the answers are and I'll tell her
if she's right or not and then on her
channel we'll do the opposite are you
ready yes
how well do you know me Christmas
version what is my favorite holiday
movie um oh oh it's something from the
90s about a kid you know that kid who
wishes for that thing on Christmas
that's every movie something about mom
dying but his mom comes back or his dad
what I know it sounds beautiful though
yeah I would love that
what is he uh I've so many okay uh
here's my top three none of which are
that elf
yeah I like out the top five I love
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation oh
we love jingle all the way with Arnold
Schwarzenegger and last but not least oh
my god all I want for Christmas with
Jonathan Taylor Thomas I love Jonathan
Taylor Thomas - my oh my god it's so
good and he travels across the country
to see his girlfriend and when he gets
there she's cheating on him but she's
only cheating I am because she thinks a
he's not coming to see her but when he
gets there they see each other he
actually forgets as she cheated on him I
wish that was have I ever built a ginger
house yes but you've never finished it
because you ate it before you could
finish it that was hurtful bringing up
my eating disorder and my problems with
eating things before I finish them is
not funny and if you really know me you
would know that I do finish them and I
let them sit on my table for at least
two days because I like to eat that
limit gets crusty I'm doing you don't
know shit
I just bought a spongebob gingerbread
house very excited about it what's your
favorite thing to do on Christmas break
I mean brain was that okay so when I
used to have break what was my
everything to do and don't say eat to
binge on TV sit with a grandma and eat
pie that's my favorite thing to do every
day not Christmas break on Christmas
break I loved to just walk around the
mall and people watch and just stare at
all the Christmas I like to eat I might
eat a lot Hey ha ha if eggnog was
dangling off the balcony and so are you
growl it take that thing up and drink it
with a pinkie up while I heard you
scream unless you tell me your body's
fillet nog
then I don't do fun your body's full of
eggnog
a device for the eggnog oh it's not
never mind what's my favorite Christmas
smell eggnog
actually no eggnog doesn't really have a
distinct set peace girl that's so 2009
pumpkin nope I really have something in
my eye
one more gasps the smell of ice cream
you don't know me at all
the smell of homeless people smiling
because on Christmas time I always give
them money and treats and they always go
and I can smell it mmm
you're the most terrible person
my other favorite smell sugar cookies oh
I love sugar cookies oh fuck I honestly
am excited all day until you talk about
food they get really excited who said
food but oh my god Oh pecan pie oh my
god Oh icing just straight out of oh my
god then when the icing runs low and you
just get that air you just hop it uh-uh
last question I don't think I could take
much from a deep breath Oh what's your
favorite Christmas tree let's get that
one because the answer is everything
what is your favorite Christmas memory a
time we had Christmas give you a hint
it's not with you then I don't care well
my favorite Christmas memory you could
leave for this my favorite Christmas
memory come on kids take a seat was when
I was ah the ripe age of nine years old
and we didn't have much money that year
we got much money in a year and my mom
said you know we're gonna do we can't
afford gifts but we're gonna go to
realms and each of you get to pick out
your favorite tree oh jeez what the year
we got corny uh oh yeah Oh such a fast
story so we went to the store my brother
got Pringles I got Reese's peanut butter
cups
my mom got alcohol just kidding she was
a cup recovering alcoholic
she got like some kind of light alcohol
like Mike's Hard Lemonade or something
maybe some pills I don't know
and when went back home and we just sat
around the set s tree that was just the
leaf and branch for the outside and we
had a dog who was peeing on it and we
gave him a bone and we all started
eating our trees and then we watched all
about for Christmas story John Taylor
Thomas I'll remember that for the rest
of my life
Merry Christmas y'all you can come back
in we had a really good Christmas
without you booth last year and and
we're going to talk about it and cry
over it later the cameras are off I
wasn't even listening I was just
thinking about our dad Erica that's our
Christmas challenge question of the day
what is your favorite Christmas memory
also if you want to see me be right and
guess all of her oh yeah right she's at
your favorite holiday my instincts
already caught then go to our channel
subscribe to check out that video okay
guys opieop I named it the iPhone hang
with you and remember if you don't have
any happy Christmas memories and just
remember this moment I'm sorry for you
I'm not this is a great moment I love
guys the thought of getting up on the
ladder and putting things on my house
and having to plug it in and then unplug
it at night and plug it back in that's
more work than brushing my teeth twice a
day I don't even do that
