hey what's up you guys yes today is
Monday two days until that special night
when that old man crawls down your
chimney and looks at you while you're
sleeping and leaves you his packages or
if you're me that's pretty much every
night grab for you crazy but yes for the
rest of you it's Christmas and I'm
excited today because we're gonna do the
Christmas question thing I was going to
say Christmas tag but these questions
aren't from that I just typed in on
Google and put Christmas questions so I
hope they're interesting and I really
hope they're creepy question number one
how did you find out that Santa was not
real I mean that Santa might not be real
but I just ruined Christmas you know
that reindeer poop your mom leaves on
the floor isn't real either and if it is
and your mom is fucked out but back on
topic Santa Claus I found out if he
wasn't real because I ran out that was
clean five years old and I said guess
what Santa's coming and my dad turned
around and threw beer bottle and said
here's our room Oh Christmas do you put
up a Christmas tree if so do you have
any ornaments that you use all the time
I do put up a Christmas tree um and as
far as ornaments uh whatever is on sale
at Target we used to put up ornaments
that had like macaroni all over them
when I was a kid but we stopped doing
that because my dog would eat them and
buy my dog I meant me
think we're just so al dente have you
ever decorated the outside of your house
no and it's not because I'm not festive
it's because I'm lazy the thought of
getting up on the ladder and putting
things on my house and having to plug it
in and then unplug it at night and plug
it back in that's more work than
brushing my teeth twice a day I don't
even do that white lights or colored
lights there's no way to answer this
without sounding racist so I'm gonna go
with blue lights but let's keep it real
colors when do you usually start
listening to Christmas music I listen to
Christmas music all year-round
cuz I'm that kind of guy I started
working on my Christmas song in like the
summer I'm just always in a Christmas
mood I'm just a giving person I love to
give give give even if nobody wants it
which explains all of my previous
relationships what we're talking about
oh yeah Christmas music huh do you like
making gingerbread houses
I like making gingerbread crack houses I
don't see the point of making like a
beautiful awesome house that you're just
gonna eat that would be like God
creating the earth just so he could eat
it all though the earth is kind of shit
maybe he did eat it and then shat it out
and this is what we got anyways I love
to make four houses or like shrimp Club
gingerbread houses or like drug houses
once in a while I'll make a gingerbread
meth house and call it merry madness and
the scary part is I started doing this
at age six do you peek at your presence
I don't really do presents anymore I
like to give presents but I'm not like a
huge like wake up in the morning feeling
like P Diddy and then run down Christmas
tree and open up all the presents and
throw the packaging around make it rain
gift cards that's not really me and I'm
not good at faking like if I already
know what's in it and I open it I'm not
good at pretending like I didn't know
what was in it like oh oh my god it's
that lying hing bedding that I wanted
twelve and a half years ago you
remembered
12 and a half years later yeah I'm not
good at that
do you like snow not really because it
reminds me of dandruff which I had a lot
of as a child and just brings back
terrible memories once you've had a
teacher go come on Shan make it snow you
stop enjoying that kind of weather
please explain a typical Christmas Eve
well Christmas Eve usually I watch TV
eat poop and then go to sleep all while
looking at my beautiful Christmas tree
and then I wake up in the morning and go
thank God it's Christmas because that
means tomorrow it's over which we don't
have to talk about it anymore
and then me my family usually go to
sizzler because nobody cooks and we're
white trash on the inside what is your
favorite Christmas memory I'd have to
say my favorite Christmas memory was
probably when I was like 13 and
went out with my little money that I
saved for my birthday and I bought my
families and gifts and we were really
poor so we didn't really have we usually
didn't do gifts but this year I
surprised my family few little yes and I
don't know what they were they were
probably terrible but it was still
exciting because you know they woke up
in the morning nobody expected anything
and then there was little terribly
wrapped presents that really dream and a
bunch of half-eaten macaroni ornaments I
got hungry when I was wrapping do you
like eggnog I don't think I even have to
answer that I've talked about eggnog way
too much on this channel this could
technically be youtube.com / Shan nog
Shan ugh oh that's good I'm writing that
down yo girl thirsty actually I'm kind
of parched you have anything to drink yo
you know I got filtered water I got some
diet coke I got some shame whoo I'll
have anything but the Shan ugh that
sounds fucking disgusting yeah that name
needs work and last but not least what
is the one thing you really want for
Christmas this year
I literally don't need anything material
there's a couple things that I really
want like I want my TV show to get made
and I want to make a movie and I want to
have a successful year on my channel but
as far as like material stuff I guess
want a pony that's about it I just want
you guys to be happy and I want to be
happy and I want us to be happy together
whilst drinking shame dog Cheers
all right you guys help me up a name
with me I've fun hang with you if you
have any more questions leave them down
in the comments I'm going to be doing a
New Year's ask Jane next week so ask me
any questions about this year annales to
you tomorrow
Merry Christmas guys I hope you have an
amazing Christmas and I'm gonna see you
tomorrow but I hope you have an amazing
Christmas and I hope that you get
everything you've ever wanted and I hope
it's not all materials
look one time my uncle threw up on my
aunt while she was peeing her pants
because my other cousin had split his
pants ride up the front and it was not
all normal down there and this all
happened in the middle of Thanksgiving
dinner
