oh hey guys I'm just working in a movie
theater which is really easy for me
because I've worked the theaters before
so I know exactly how to do it fuck you
hey what's up you guys yes it is that
time again time for me to play a game
get angry at it and slam my computer I'm
not good at dealing with losing and I
lose a lot so I should probably get good
at it anyways today you guys wanted me
to play a game called plants vs. zombies
which sounds like a game of apples to
apples got wrong how did they come up
with these names do they literally play
apples apples and go okay eggs and
Hitler Hitler raids let's make that a
game Wow
actually sounds fun get on that guys
okay plants vs. zombies click to start
ooh this is fun I like this start
adventure Oh God
Lindsay Lohan just crawling out sprung
out of grave she was chewing on the
nails though okay wait wait what's
happening Oh God
okay so there's grass click on the seed
packet to pick it up okay click on the
grass to plant your C oh this is one of
those games where you have to do chores
like a parent created this and like
isn't it fun to plant things and to pick
up after yourself and to do the dishes
no it's not click on the falling Sun oh
this is boring as hell excellent you've
collected enough for your next plan oh
great I'm so excited this is fun but how
do I what's with the zombies don't let
the zombies reach you how do I keep them
from coming here this is boring you need
more Sun to do that
to do what too much register for this
chat room let's get up in this chat room
ahh
let's call myself I'm I eat you
ah all right here we go what's survival
let's do that they drunk what I got
buckets and cones on the head hey see
you it's here I don't care about the
game now 10 other people here
we got bright awesome we got Jimbo's
chili blue I don't want to talk to him
is anyone here alright while I wait for
you assholes let's pick this plant
because it looks like a big ol nutsack
oh I'm gonna pick more okay then I'll
take this one and this and this and I
don't fucking care and the fat and this
okay
I'm done here we go how many flags can
you survive I don't know that means
where do I place it on top of this now
what man this game is dumb I'm done with
this
hello I'm trying to get some can I be
the zombie uh I don't want to restart
level I want to get the fuck out of here
quick there we go yes get out of here
minigames full version only you mean I
gotta pay for it
assholes fine a puzzle oh my god dad
this here is a base breaker some of
these levels are really difficult good
luck yeah they would be really it's so
difficult to plant things okay not one I
don't know what's happening I I just
could care less about all of this
now how was this a puzzle Oh God who can
I put on his head yeah now I get it
one will fuck you up mother fucker
Brooke whoo getting balls slap
I'll slap ah well there you go I know
this has been a short video but I'm done
I'm done guys I don't know what else to
do I've already balls slapped a zombie's
I've talked to nobody and I got bored
out of my mind I don't know why you guys
wanted me playing this oh my god
somebody's here this is a pretty busy
game partner oh really
not much of a cherub it's so hard
planting shit please no crazy oh we're
so busy we work at 9:00 to 5:00 like we
can't even like oh my god like this is a
full-on job like it's 24/7 like pimping
isn't easy wait timeout is a hard game
anyways I'm gonna go hope you guys leave
me some comments letting me know again
you want me to play next and hopefully
it's not this and I will see you guys
tomorrow and I'll see you never DC kibou
d I'm sure he's nice though I'm sorry
I'm just upset at the game I'm not
upsetting you don't hate to play or even
gay I should have listened to that
advice si si
I'll go see ya Oh God I'll show it to
you I go and see what is it go see what
is that a goatee look it was my phone
close your eyes this is going to be a
big old goat see reveal
