just seeing the movie with all my friend
and part of anything on it this is the
first time I'm excited you're exposing
us yes you guys could just tell me
you're very excited because they don't
know what balances oh my god oh you're
gonna love it
so basically you guys are you doing that
lets it say no but you guys will learn I
love my nips I can tell okay I'm going
to give you a story and you tell me
which one you want there's one called
let's get packing there's one called
pillow fight sleep walking at night
hello hi okay here's how it works I'm
going to ask for a kind of word and you
have to give it to me okay should we
pick a theme why should we do like a
like a theme for the words gross or
creepy karani
creepy another what creepy how big these
scary stories this is our creepy pillow
fight I need an adjective horny so
creepy you can I'm afraid me morning
people scare me okay but take it a step
further
hornier than hornier than 40 year old
men on twitter
okay that's a good one person in the
room who's a female hey Jenny you still
owe this pillow fights in a great
positive Betty White's wet flannel
sure great why not just roll it in I'm
out I'll go see who Oh God I'll show it
to you a go see what is it go see what
is that goatee my phone
close your eyes this is going to be a
big old goat see reveal that's that is
terrifying
how about Betty White
yeah I see change it to that as the
thing will put a halt iron rod every
minute next no yeah well I'm ok perfect
part of body e fist Oh going with that
goat see pigs
yeah a person in the room female doesn't
happen your Jenny again it's just pairs
like a neighborhood friends probably and
here we are
yeah let's go unicorn part of Bobby
plural toes take toes but make it
creepier athlete's foot toes ohh
TP dingy TP dingy TP call a pedophile
your answers it's a worldly imagination
alright a dingy TP a dingy TP in the
Caribbean coral man two kids in a
sandbox cute oh you don't know what that
is no oh my god ha ha ha oh my god you
know what
all right good times
let's imagine e on edge right front of a
liverpool adjective written - oh my god
oh my gosh throughout them enough
another adjective I'll just paint ball
good luck punished to punish you bitch
Isaac took a biscuit biscuit biscuit
down down people all right
the story is writing the story is ready
let's take in a sentence at a time I
love the way I'm in this my iPhone is so
involved two kids sandbox you started
off alright the last time went to a
sleepover fornear then and 40 year old
man on twitter
pillow fight broke out fine kind of
nowhere
Jenny grabbed her wetter than Betty
White's flannel and fluffy goat see and
they can swing it anyone close to her
fluffy OC soon everyone else joined in a
homeboy I got hit right in the back of
my fist as soon as I recovered I tossed
my whole iron rod at unicorn athlete's
foot toes but I missed I not going to
inexpensive dingy teepee in the
Caribbean
and my pillow split open forgotten now
great two kids in a sandbox flew it
everywhere
the covering the ring with a layer of
ripped into feathers yeah the fighting
stopped when they all broke out or
punished to the fun ended when we
realized we had to clean up the fists
Woodson just get down the pee hole one
real hard labor
I'm gonna go to chuck well there you
guys go that was our hello fight gone
really wrong question of the day give me
an adjective and I'll use it the next
Mad Libs also go to their channel where
we're gonna do AI Thanksgiving video
yeah yeah it's gonna get almost as
uncomfortable contribute to the sandbox
oh my god we do who to kids in the
sandbox Thanksgiving edition let's do a
head porno car no it's murky like I get
down there cuz I bone Larry guys go go
check that out
hope you have my name of the sweeper
name with you and I'll see you tomorrow
really you're suppose they even made me
show ID to get inside of Sam's Club I
know how that feels
I think Sam's Club probably represents
something else do you not know what
Sam's like this No
