bosses cause I got a candy cake and some
North Pole heads up you guys yeah I'm
here with pasta Lee you can sound too
sure of that I don't know if I should
say much oh my god are you a robot
you are perfect great can't wait to see
you destruct when I get you wet hey guys
so today we are going to be doing some
kind of a stupid fucking thing that I
just made up right now so since all of
us have black roots you know he's from
South Africa
I'm from the ghettos of Long Beach I
decided why don't we get more in touch
with our roots yes does that make sense
it makes so much sense it's all about
going back to where you came from
because it's humbling I need a minute
that was beautiful and Casper that was
beautiful you friend that goes to you
we're gonna do the rap challenge words
game here's a necklace but it's
basically what we're gonna do is we're
gonna put on these necklaces and be
rappers and read different rap terms and
try to guess what they mean I got a book
why'd you get the gold one because I
mean let's be honest I'm classic you're
new you'll get there
I got a book called understanding rap
I'm sure we're gonna understand after
this right yeah it looks great so what
we're gonna do is read something and
then try to guess what it is I'm gonna
I'm gonna hide the definition okay ready
so here's the categories money drugs and
alcohol cars sex skills people and
places money I'm all about that money me
too I'm a baller okay I'm gonna give you
a sentence from a rap song you have to
tell me what it means you give it to me
it it ain't my birthday but I got my
name on the cake that would be from the
hint song stuntin like my daddy by
Birdman it ain't my birthday but I got
my name on decay maybe he means every
day he's celebrating you know what it
means it's like when you're like you
have not that much
funds in your account and then you go to
Ralph's and you see a cake and it's your
birthday I'm like ooh that cake looks
perfect but it says Happy Birthday
Princess on it and you're like you know
what I'm gonna get it anyways because
it's cheap okay I'm gonna go with I'm
gonna go with the fact that he's so rich
he can have the birthday cakes fully
Iran okay
well the answer is one of the names for
money is the same as the dessert that is
eaten in celebration
what so I ain't got birthday but I got
my name on that cake so cake is money
okay your people are confusing okay I
mean these are Americans know that
birthday not talking is that sounds like
African to me
Shane Birds you guys have animals there
we don't have anything the smog kills
everything here all right so you have a
dog
it's practically dead all right I'll
give you one more you gotta show me that
you know this shit I feel like I don't
even understand what the explanation men
what does he what was he rapping about
about hey where have you been this is
okay oh okay okay
you got it now okay you know we're gonna
go to drugs and alcohol because that's
something I feel like maybe we both
understand a little bit more so me
cooking eggs she thought I was back at
it so I think I should read it cuz you
can be reading it to 202 white no you're
reading it to gangster oh it's meant to
go saw me cooking eggs she thought I was
back at it Oh God okay well then we more
sense done to you it made me hungry
so what she saw me cookin a so saw me
cooking eggs so someone saw them cooking
eggs she thought I was back at it I
think that means she saw him smoking on
a crack pipe with some crack rocks that
look like eggs and she was like oh what
are you doing we just got past this you
just went past those 12 steps why are
you taking a step back I'm done with you
I don't need you no moment I don't need
a man like that no man need a real man
like Casper I think that's what it meant
you so yeah is that not what I meant
no after spending the night with a woman
that's waking up in the morning and
making my way to the kitchen to prepare
breakfast I was seen standing in front
of the stove by my female guests rather
than investigating the situation to see
that I was merely being a good host and
cooking a meal for her and myself she
jumped to the conclusion that I was
using the skillet in the manufacture of
crack hey I told you I told you it was
our fucking it friend smoking that crap
he uh he basically was trying to do a
good deed for someone and she just
thought he was making crap good cuz she
was cuz that what every man does they
let you down Casper
give me my cook all right next one this
one I've heard before in a song and I
think I know what it means
I ain't passed the bar but I know in
this little bit I ain't passed the bar
but I know a little bit
I ain't passed the bar i eating at a
pasta bar your accent is I ain't passed
the ball
I ate pasta bars okay Shane I think this
means it's by Jay Z so he's pretty he's
pretty smart he's trying to say that he
hasn't been educated at a school so
Paisley but he he knows a bit about life
okay so how you feel no respectfully
disagree
it's but good I actually think that they
you I don't know what it actually says
cuz I'm not reading it but from the way
you're rapping it it was I ate at a
pasta bar but I know there's some things
so what that means to me is like for
example when I go to soup plantation
don't know if you've ever been don't
know if they have those in South Africa
it's like Hometown Buffet but with soup
and pasta and you go there and you have
two game plan and you have to know what
you're doing and I'm like I'm gonna get
half soup half pasta and they're not
going to touch because that's nasty and
I'm gonna get macaroni and cheese and
not the vegetarian one cuz that's now I
have to game plan and that's gonna give
me diarrhea but that's gonna clog me up
I'll leave those together I think that
what he's saying okay will nag my
problems although I haven't educated
myself concerning all the matters
necessary to compete complete the
examination lawyers take to be able to
practice law I have enough knowledge
about legal issues to know when someone
is violating my rights that he stole
mango 99 problem song no he's still
talking about the Souplantation
because he knows his rights he knows
he's a lot of Ian's he knows he's
allowed to eat he knows he's not allowed
to use his fingers and you have to use
these pencils you can't you can't eat in
line that's what you mask give me that
they even made the show ID to get inside
of Sam's Club I know how that feels
I think Sam's Club probably represents
something else do you not know what
Santa's know I think sad so it must be a
clothing store the dance club is like
Walmart for people who were fatter than
people that go to Walmart like is it
cheaper and bigger hits do you like it I
love it I'm sweating Carly do with that
would you it was very fat Sam spot
there's free samples everywhere every
stop you turned as a free sample
I believe that Sam's Club he's actually
just talking about Sam's Club and I
think like they even made him show ID
Sam's got strict like you have to like
you have to show ID and my idea is from
when I was young and fat and every time
I try to go to stance that when I show
them that they say nope nope and I say
no no this is me this is me and they say
no that's not you you're not fat anymore
I said well because I stopped going to
Sam's Club but I'm back now who want to
get back on the bat train I was required
to show proof of who I was before being
permitted to enter a warehouse store
where security is known to be it
literally just means that it literally
just means yet to show ID to get to
Samsung I feel like I won this challenge
all challenge is a competitive leave a
comment below saying you think I won and
also subscribe to my youtube channel
right now but honestly guys were both
very white and we're not rappers I damn
why didn't either
you know oh please it's not a contest so
question of the day who's
more gangster also what do you think
about him he's fine go subscribe to him
Channel we did a video over there where
he interviewed me and it got really
uncomfortable
alright you guys I'll be opening with us
be a Bunning with you go check out his
scale and I will see you fuckers
tomorrow may the odds the other hope
that's not even my thing but you know
where we could have our own Hunger Games
Souplantation let's go into the kitchens
go let's get out of here he'll buy all
the coke and then they're like oh he's a
youtuber oh and even afford weed I'll
get him out of here he can afford a diet
coke
that's a mile
