today you're going to see lots of trees
lots of snow and lots of mistletoes and
those are all just code names for drugs
so let's go inside get fucked up
hey hey what's up you guys so today I'm
filming some videos and Geoffrey's here
he's really excited what do you think
Joe are you excited
I hate please somebody kill me light me
on fire so I died don't have to be this
place anymore yeah me too
so right now Caspar Lee is coming over
we're gonna film some videos so that'll
be fun
Lisa has a sweater that matches mine so
that's embarrassing what are you doing
so she's you know food so that's
embarrassing by the way you're eating
it's expired is that bad so I'm gonna be
sleeping in a different room tonight so
that's cool at least he got a gluten
free pumpkin pie she got this big old
punk rock and I said oh is it for
Thanksgiving what's it for and she's
like notes just for her to eat it that's
what happened
okay so let's give it a try and act like
I haven't tried it yet so it's gluten
free so let's just get a bagel oh my god
when I was fat I used to eat pumpkin pie
like pizza down the hatch mmm food porn
I like that mmm oh my god
tent burns Jesus Katherine's coming over
we film a video and he's gonna call me
fat because I'm gonna have food in my
teeth a beer belly
well pumpkin pie belly it's gonna be
sexy okay guys I know what you're
thinking Shane why do you look horrible
right now well you are you you know what
you do what lie to me you want me to
look bad in front of them play with my
heart you play with your hair look I
think he has a beautiful forehead and it
needs to be shown before look you guys
remember how I was yeah sure you guys
remember it's like that now he looks
like a sex gone and he told me today in
the video I made with him that all day
long he thinks about sex and in the last
hour he's been thinking about more sex
than usual because he's been
collaborating with me I mean that's what
I got out of it it's sex technically a
term for what I want to do to you I mean
I know you don't I know you
you're into girls because I heard you
have a girlfriend you've heard as a it's
a rumor but you could also be into guys
to buy I think you're sure I think I
don't think if I have a feeling to do
this I think this is an act Shane here's
the problem the problem is I'm picky but
I'm not picky like I like buffets I like
tacos an honda i like everything so like
how do i how do i just get the taco how
am I satisfied with just a taco I don't
know yet do I give that up I
what are you satisfied by it's cool you
don't know yes
no I'm kidding you know okay question no
question um yes
so say that we were on a date right now
mm-hmm say I was a pretty woman mm-hmm
which is not hard to me you look so
young on camera how does that happen
because my face is young but my body is
like 6 foot 2 look at you you look look
like I just kidnapped the 12 year old at
Macy's and I'm like you're coming home
with me for Christmas like look at this
already 10 yes 10 on camera 10 in person
88 this is crazy
did you rub Vaseline on this cat you rub
Vaseline on your little boy little tiny
boy you look like you're 49 do you like
do you ever like on omegle and like you
know try to find like you girls and just
like show your penis and then when you
show your face to like oh that's illegal
actually oh do me go people just get me
all the time you know what I would not
skip you that's because you're strange
and you like people who look young
that's true
like I would you would be like what age
are you and I wouldn't even write back
because I don't even want to open that
conversation you know I got into a club
the other day and I'm underage
and then they kick me out they thought
you were Disney star and are like let's
let him in he'll buy all the coke and
then they're like always a youtuber oh
we can't even afford weed I'll get him
out of here he can afford a diet coke
that's a violet and look at that look at
your little baby head just resting right
on my shoulder this is little tiny
nugget you're just like a little you're
like a like a Pixar character like when
they make men like on Pixar they're like
little boys you're like Andy from Toy
Story I'm like Buzz Julie buzz woody
woody woody woody woody
wooden on that note I'm gonna go you
guys wanna check out our videos gonna be
up tomorrow question of the day how old
do you think he likes
serously let me give it proper clothes
hey what is this oh wow you could be
like a myspace God so there you go end
of the night it was a short night but a
great night full of me full of Caspar
and full of pumpkin pie you been party I
have been farting do you think it's the
gluten free pumpkin I think it's the
announce stage on that note well the
guys that funny would be happening on
you and I was at you tomorrow with the
Casper collab it's a good one get ready
lots of rap music and dancing and
uncomfortableness ok back unless you're
on hoarders and your room is full of
dead cats which I don't understand how
do you let your helps get full of dead
cats I mean dead bodies I totally
understand spell is amazing
but dead cats I mean their body holes
aren't even big enough have sex with
hoarders
