oh hey guys I'm just working in a movie
theater which is really easy for me
because I've worked the theaters before
so I know exactly how to do it you hello
everybody and welcome to another
exciting edition of ask Shane it keeps
getting more and more exciting every
week right right we just keep telling
ourselves that cuz we're liars no
today's gonna be really exciting because
I asked you guys to ask me questions
related to my obsessions and I have a
lot of obsessions and they all involve
bodily functions but this videos can be
more about farting jizzing and bleeding
but oh it's not that's all it is that's
all it is
let's get to the questions Tim wants to
know what TV show are you obsessed with
at the moment well besides the obvious
any show on TLC about somebody whose
bodies fucked up I'm gonna go with shark
tank basically it's a show where
somebody has an idea or a business or an
invention and they go into a bunch of
rich people and say hey you want to buy
this and the rich people know and then
the person cries it's amazing now let's
play game let's pretend like we're on
Shark Tank right now you guys are the
sharks and I have the idea and you have
to leave a comment telling me if you buy
it or not now I call it the body hair
everywhere bodysuit man-bear hear me out
so basically it's a complete body suit
made out of wax and say for example I
don't know you're kind of hairy and kind
of afraid to take your clothes off in
front of people and kind of ashamed of
your entire body just for example and
you put it on and you sit for like ten
minutes and you let the waxy suit just
cover your body and then you get to
people you trust they'll probably have a
lot of anger toward you one takes his
side the other takes his side and at the
same time they both rip it off and all
the body hair is gone and all of their
anger towards you is gone too because of
the rift it's doing wonders for
everybody let me know in the comments
what do you think how much money would
you give me to make that or do you love
me just the way I am not that this
product is for me I don't have that much
body here I'm not ashamed of my body huh
when he wants to know me Shane what book
have you been obsessed with lately
hi Wendy my name is Shane nice to meet
you we obviously don't know me at all
I mean reading I mean I don't even read
warning labels which explains a lot of
what's wrong with me Holly wants to know
what movie are you obsessed with I'm
obsessed with movies about children
dying no wait no wait that's real life
sorry I'll obsessed with movies about
fat children who are
sad no no wait that's real life again -
okay wait I'm obsessed with movies about
animals who talk well technically that's
real life but that's only when I'm under
the influence of things that make real
life look not real yeah yeah that works
homeward bound homeward bound - babe
babe - pig in the city not wait yeah now
that was real life well whatever you get
the point I love movies where animals
talk because I just assumed that when we
leave the room our animals come to life
well they're already alive well unless
you're on hoarders and your room is full
of dead cats which I don't understand
how do you let your house get full of
dead cats I mean dead bodies I totally
understand
fellas amazing but dead cats I mean
their body holes aren't even big enough
to have sex with hoarders Valerie wants
to know Shane what food are you obsessed
with now this video cannot be 5 hours
long I wish it could but it can't but I
could literally go on for five hours
about my favorite foods so I'll just try
to speed through this in like 10 seconds
burritos nachos french fries onion rings
anything with ranch on it bacon ice
cream bacon ice cream hot fudge sundae
and you can catch up on it Reese's
Snickers peeps anything with caramel
anything with chocolate anything with
vanilla nothing with strawberry and once
in a while a salad cuz I'm a lady
TV paddle ever wants to know what store
are you obsessed with well I'm not
allowed in a lot of stores because for
some reason taking off your clothes and
getting changed in front of everybody is
illegal except the forever21 I mean
girls just walk in there naked
I'd say the store I'm obsessed with the
most is definitely the 99-cent store I
mean where can you get food tampons
condoms and a little Jesus figurine that
you could put coins in the answer is my
mom's house and also the 99-cent store I
also love that I filmed a video there
recently and I literally had my friend
rest of his Miley Cyrus licking
everything in the store and nobody cared
I literally think I could have taken a
shit in the middle of the aisle and one
of the workers would have walked over
and just put a 99 cent store tag on it
but let's be honest my shits worth more
than that Lola wants to know Shane what
actor are you obsessed with I'm obsessed
with the mentally challenged girl on
American Horror Story because her face
is telling me I'm confused but her body
is telling me I know exactly what I'm
doing and I'm also obsessed with Hilary
Duff
there's too many races to explain I
could literally explain my feelings for
her through her songs so yesterday I
went to Hilary
house now standing by her window and the
rain was falling down to what my dreams
and I decided to go inside because I was
like why not why not and then I went
into her bedroom where she was asleep
because she was dreaming a made of and
then I called her in the head with about
tranquilized her took out of my house
and played all night with her that last
part wasn't a song I got a little
carried away
well there you guys go those are other
questions for today you learned about my
obsessions and about how hairy I am and
now you're scarred for life you're
welcome if you want to ask me more
questions leave them down in the
comments or tweet them to me or Facebook
them to me with hashtag gasps Jane
aren't you guys happy offending with me
I've been in with you and I'll see you
now I've learned that you just don't
travel anywhere without your knives
