heywhat when Rabab calm or we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
internet uh speed recently released a
list conic like Harry Styles Harry
Styles wit
obviously based on the colored shirt I
am a bit of a nerd so I have always
loved the History Channel I thought this
guy was so cool so what this is is not
the aliens guy
then this guy chose to have that many
hair sons okay okay see I understand
your problem you've seen every cat
composition video immune or net worth
watching I'm the same way about live
beheadings but this is no ordinary cat
compilation it targets a very niche
community of people on the internet that
have both cat and bird fetishes
on second thought maybe it was positive
thing for me you know now I've learned
that you just don't travel anywhere
without your knives this week on YouTube
I learned that beauty guru
missglamorazzi is doing something called
DIY December which contrary to popular
belief is not drunk in Yugoslavia
December I have some explaining to do to
the embassy today's DIY December video I
am going to be showing you how to make
one of my favorite at home with face
masks that I've been using recently so
tonight we're cooking here but we're
finding it for our skipper I'm gonna put
this on my face I think a little bit
actually just wetting my nozzle to give
it to the spirit of December and the
spirit of the holidays I thought I'd
show you guys my very favorite recipe
for hot chocolate
all right guys let's taste it thank you
guys for watching this very chilling
episode of bomb.com hopefully we didn't
explode you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed the video please
be sure to give it a big thumbs up and
head on over to youtube / Alexis G so
lets check out my latest video where I
did the too much information tag and I
just lay it all out there alright guys I
will see you next week with a new
episode of bomb.com saw wood and now a
shame for the question of the day oh my
god hey what's up you guys yes I am in a
hotel room right now cuz you know how I
do I do nothing I do nothing now before
my question of the day I just want to
say holy fucking shit Rebecca Black came
out with a new music video called
Saturday the sequel to Friday which by
the way on my podcast she said she would
never do she also said she would never
hook up with me because that was creepy
so I don't believe her because she's a
liar I'm coming for you Rebecca so my
question the day is number one what did
you think of Rebecca Black's Saturday
and number two if she does Sunday should
it just be me and her naked in a bed I
got a bed right here Rebecca we could
start filming right now are you guys
hope you have fun hang with us via phone
hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow and every day forever
I'll see you later bye
