hello guys welcome back to the weird
side of the Internet now today today is
going to be life-changing for me but
we'll get to that later first let me
introduce something that I'm obsessed
with I'm going to introduce you to the
world of masking now we saw some big
videos in my very first weird side of
YouTube video but basically it's a
community of people who enjoy putting on
very realistic human masks and living as
another person for fun now a lot of
times when I do these videos I have to
interview somebody to like understand it
a little bit more open up my mind with
this one I get it like a I could fucking
put on somebody else
bitch here's my take out honey so let's
launch a few of these masking videos and
then we will get to the big surprise
that's a teacher I would fantasize about
fucking boo she teaches home AG bitch
she bakes up high for me afterward is
that her hell bitch I want to be a
master does each one of her masks have a
roomful yeah remote machine
that is so real over the highway he's
doing it walking
they take too much physical activity to
be a mascot but can I just put on a mask
instead of my couch in each poll a maybe
my animals would love me if I was
another person ordering my mask now yeah
cooking at her heels oh ha ha me when I
see Twitter drama just boom hi da is so
real
once again if I saw this girl at
Starbucks as you like Gabby so denied
you're here I'm kidding this one looks
less like a bee
this one's all looks like two babies why
do they all my friends perfect and she
what kind of bill is your wife
this is glued to their head that makes
it very hard to snatch a mask Oh
this put it on it takes my clothes
different energy oxygen out reading two
hours wow that's a lot of work this is
like a dedication like this is this
takes effort I don't think I could be a
master yeah no come on it
that's not mask this girl has it up to
decay that's the dead person you tell me
dead person and you put it on your skin
because that shit looks so real bitch
when he William is skinless what battle
do this over that took it too far
Wow she just ripped it off all the time
it's so good now I am so good who is
divine jour where can we meet
please be my friend I'm not tired
whatsoever I feel fabulous actually I
can already put it so Nami
I do this for the art the art thank you
so much to me when I'm either right I
get it like this is a fucking skill to
turn yourself into another person with a
map and make it look fucking real like
that bitch I can even make this look
real and it's on my face oh look at the
background finish I think I just found
my soul mate divine we both love scream
we both like being other people we both
make videos online that make you feel
uncomfortable design you aren't fine oh
my god oh my god she's taking it off who
do you think it's going to be oh my god
who I'm excited
Oh oh my god I can't stop looking oh my
god ah geez Wow seeing it like that
that's like when the drama is so good it
doesn't just naturally bitch it snatches
your credit okay so I think we got
enough videos for you to now understand
what masking is but I wanted to take it
a step further originally I really
wanted to interview one of the most
popular masters on YouTube with Carrie
Johnson now we watched a bunch of
Carrie's videos and they've done so many
different types of masks and clearly
it's very talented but I reached out and
Carrie was not interested and was
nervous that people would come and hate
on her channel and I tried to tell
Carrie like that wouldn't happen and
that you guys are very open-minded but I
understand that not longing to do it and
I get it but then I you know back and I
was like okay Queen I know you don't
want to be in the video but can i buy
one of your fucking map and Carrie was
like bitch yes so then I went to curious
website and I looked around and I was
looking at photos and they were all so
insanely fucking real like Carrie is
incredibly talented someone that are so
detailed and there's even videos on
website explaining how to put it on how
to take it off and I don't carry I was
like listen I will buy one and I will
try my best to be a master in my video
and not make fun of it like I genuinely
want to disguise it so Carrie if you're
watching we're going to be proud of it I
hope you let me in the meskan community
and guys please if you want go over to
Cara's channel also link down there
leave loss of love don't leave any
fucking page because that's not what
we're about here alright here we go
I have the boss it just came I've not
looked inside yet I am so watching
excited okay here we go oh my god okay I
knew what to expect but I didn't know
what to expect there is a person in the
box oh my god bitch but oh my god - so
excited
I
okay hold on let me take this out oh
you're real to it heavy
oh oh oh it look at me oh my god okay
wait I need you guys to really do this
can you see that can you see it like it
literally fuels and looks like real skin
see can you see that look at the ear hmm
Oh mom oh my god hi guys
I am dead okay so I guess the next step
is to try it on first means I have to
kiss it is that weird it's just like I
see a fake person I want to make out of
it oh my god that was weird when you get
close to it it's like it's a person like
it makes you feel like nervous oh my god
weird weird okay wait let me that feels
so real if I had this house the kids it
would be destroyed
alright I'm going to put it on I guess I
should have you guys watch me try to put
it on so we can see just how hard it is
to be a master first I'm going to take
off my clothes ignore this oh my god
oh it's really heavy okay okay boo I'm
gonna scare it I feel like I'm about
your phobic so I feel like this is
actually going to like give me a panic
guitars but expert good video now here
we go
come here oh haha oh my god oh this is
my show wait how else is your being a
hit up I don't think I can do this I
think hold on I need to watch the how-to
video because this is like this is next
level here girl you sit back here I love
my new friend okay I found a tutorial
I love that this is my life now these
are something that was my okay uh we're
just going to try this again
because maybe I just need to like go
harder okay I think one thing I need to
do is figure out my hair so I'm thinking
if I like to put my hair and did they
can't get like stuck in the way huh okay
here we go
oh my god oh my god oh oh my god oh my
never did it oh my god I get it whoa oh
my god oh my god booth is fucking insane
oh do I look good can you see my eyes
lost bitch don't look a little fucked up
the way look this I
I think if my eyes are correctly hold on
Oh My glob okay put on some clothes I'm
just going to put back on a normal shirt
I mean the beads are definitely local
adjustment Wow ah ha ha ah ha ha ha I
really hope Rosen wants to run off I'm
sorry baby just working all we don't
know minute first like you'll all need a
wig or what this really few Jeffery
starving glad you love this persona is
definitely a guru is it honor even open
oh my god when you're so sure rejecting
me are a masala little extra school oh
did I I'm just adjusting my met I don't
think my weight loss per se on
yeah I stuffed the way it's not working
well also got this because I hate this
song I feel like she's stopped I don't
know her name yet I'm going to say
something subtle wrong person oh my god
can't really see how I look don't look
good how the fuck am I look there is no
real that was so long ago how long get a
little anxious look at you shit
now the first you cannot make up to this
of this it without the real face so I'm
thinking I'm going to also have my
totally color later and I feel when you
hold this look you just really want to
talk so let's just put your fingers to
rommel not crease or you want people to
notice you when you walk by because
we've all just a wrong ha ha ha yeah
coming
yep I feel like I need to let walk
around a little bit or blog or something
let's go experience the world oh boy
welcome to my god keeping I thought is
shook all Roxie what not gonna both of
you don't judge me
you cool you know I don't want that
lipstick on my face it's not real are
you oh is this my boobs
oh my and you highlight it yourself you
can see well yeah oh good yeah haven't
you put a wig the wig looks go go home
it would constantly slosh alright s what
do you cut me no boss mean yes yes yeah
okay the ball doing perfect ball
boku-kun also do I don't know do you
think the Honorable to recognize me well
I don't know I think the animals will
ugly daughter this one hold on let me go
stop up you guys for everyone
Barbie's thought oh what the sorry no I
cannot take you serious
is this about you something are you not
coaster phobic answer is no now I'm
having a full-on goodbye because I'm
dying right like it's so scary
time to eat I love you Tina
Filipino Dali Miguel not running away
and screaming oops fuck me you should be
more like Tito do you want to seem to
take it off I am so oh my god
you were tripping love hmm I'm gonna
need a minute that's what you go ahead
Wow kind of looks so fucking real oh the
highlight is everything yes bitch
what do you think her name is Justin I
just fucking love that alright well let
this dry off and then you could try it
oh my god oh my god he's having a panic
attack
you got this baby it's hot do it for
Carrie she's kinda like shut up
see it's hard out there for a masker wow
that's crazy
you look so good what you look like a
big baby
oh wait can I kiss you
poor guys go
that was the wonderful weird world of
masking now after experiencing that I
just want to say I have so much respect
for masters and people that can do that
I was having a full-on panic attack I
was sweating my ass off and all I kept
thinking was like what a deserter
and I have to run outside with a mask on
my moves out it was a lot but I
completely understand it I mean if I
could put on another person not only
would I feel better about myself and
more confident but like I would have to
shower I would have to get ready in the
morning bitch I would just all that's
everything all right ago please you
enjoyed that video and Kari I hope you
watched and helped you liked it and I
hope that nobody sends you any hate
because we all of our things and we're
all weird in a certain way I know I am
and I'm really excited about this series
I feel like I've been able to learn a
lot more about different types of people
and communities and I feel like you guys
have too so if you want me to keep doing
this and keep exploring the weird side
of the Internet give me a thumbs up so I
know also leave some comments down below
letting me know what I should explore
next I really want to interview a brony
next so if there's any brony got their
part you guys I'm going to go make sure
to subscribe and hit the notification
bells because I make new videos every
day and if you want to see my other
weird side of the internet videos I
interviewed a furry I also talked to an
adult who loves dressing up like a baby
I'll put a link to a playlist or the
stop inscription boom all right you guys
we are going to go make sure to keep
embracing your weirdness I know I will
bye
Oh
