just seeing the booty with all my friend
and Bertolini thing on it
hey what's up you guys you're probably
wondering why it looks so good right now
it's because I have a major cowlick in
my hair and it looks horrible and also
because I'm trying to look extra hood
and swaggy because today I'm going to be
playing with Justin Bieber and by
playing I mean murdering him oh now I
know why Selena loves to do it so much
feels so good
so you guys wanted me to play a game
called Bieber rag doll which I'm
assuming means I get a throme around and
rip them apart
I actually don't hate Justin Bieber so I
have to find my inner anger okay I'm
trying to think of things he's done that
it pissed me off
hanging in buckets I don't care about
that smoking weed I don't care about
that
Oh getting a hip tattoo oh okay I'm
there I'm angry all right here we go
free play yeah yeah it sounds good
oh look there he is okay how do I play
um do I put oh my god oh I just slapped
her in the head I mean ham yeah her how
do I know how do I get him up oh god oh
god this is abusive oh my god no wait
stuff stuff done and stuff oh god I'm
sorry
I'm sorry look the way the water go in
the water you're fine you're fine you're
fine no I'm not I'm not doing anything
just relax girl just take a dip let's
get you out of there okay okay great
let's go to this building over here oh
oh can we go inside maybe take a little
break
what are these hey how come these aren't
doing anything oh god what is this oh oh
it's a boat
oh that's the jam right there right
there boom boom boom boom oh wait the
crushing underwater
do you think my crushes balls even more
his voice will get even higher let's see
baby big baby baby oh I feel like he's
dead now let's keep going
and yeah yeah yeah yeah
when does he one look he's getting a
haircut fine link definitely something I
need
Oh who do you think is driving do you
think it's Selena I hope so when you
ready come and get it no no uh-uh when
you think I'm good
well there you guys go that was me
playing Bieber rag doll felt good to get
all my anger out felt real good let me
know down in the comments what you want
me to play next and maybe I'll play it
I hope it's another game where I get to
kill somebody all right you guys I'll be
off my name of me I'm fighting with you
and I'll see you tomorrow bye night
portrait nightmare before not never
first yeah like I was dreaming and like
I heard this voice like
