they'll be
could be mine I'm miserable my mouth
haha oh my god but this is the third
time we are filming my part of the
challenge because the SD card keeps S&D
oh I feel so badly I've had him eat the
worst things ever
and each time gets worse and now this is
the third time so by this point I'm
gonna be eating an asshole haha a
pooping ass
yeah actually hich poop on my flips
there so put it in my mouth as you guys
already know and I already know because
I've already done five times this is
called a what's in my mouth challenge
the blindfold me and chef things in my
mouth and have to guess what they are
except for when I did it to him on his
channel
I bought random untouched they did not
disease-ridden where I saying I'm
disease-ridden I'm saying you and Sawyer
are two guys living with a dog which
means there's things that have been in
dog's mouth dogs blessed humbly your
butts and it's everywhere and you're
just grabbing random thing to shove it
in the mouth yeah till the game work I'm
down I me up here we go let's go to it
alright we'll start off with something
easy and something you probably love God
it's a food open up
I didn't hear zipper like some weird
weird lube that Sawyer has like a lube
stick you know take a bite oh but it was
a Liberty that's so many memories are
coming back God my childhood oh I was so
fat
Oh God you know one time I mastered
but ER shut the hell up I did I can't
believe it wasn't a vagina oh I'm so
vulnerable I hope nobody tries to rape
me it'd be so easy to do right now since
I have none of my sense oh my god on to
the next one on to the next one there we
go
this it's another food God sounds like
oh god what is this I'm scared I don't
want to do it no you haven't gonna do
this anymore
oh but I'm so tired oh but I'm just
kidding itself it's an object open up
yeah like it has to go in your mouth for
you to know what it is he's only my dad
but open wide now you sound like my dad
huh
for real ready you have to open up there
you go China kill me motherfucker
oh my god haha where's your fake tan ha
ha
ready no come on it's okay just put it
in your mouth right I'm just this but
yes you are a terrible influence that's
fine
get in there yeah not that don't you
okay wait first of all uh you deserve
that take this take this in your mouth
deep like giving that ball yeah you have
to open up first of all not first of all
once again everything I shoved in your
mouth was brand-new yeah this feels and
tastes like a douche bag
or some kind of butt cleaner yep and if
you wait wait just just you can go
forward
you fucking ass you know many farts are
in there probably yeah take a good I
mean you're trying to make me get a
disease like what are you gonna put in
my mouth next like guess what is it
might be sooner shit
yeah all right last one it's a tissue I
found in the cytosol yours trash can I
wonder what it is but it's really sticky
listen just accept it no good what the
hell is what oh my god I mean I don't
even know I had a gag reflex but that
how was that I was at a hair accessory
ha ha ha why do you guys have hair
accessories whose was that wasn't slutty
chromeless left over here left your
fucking hair better yeah
whose hair feathers back ha ha ha ha do
is kind of it I killed it
ha ha no it's just a regular old feather
that I found on the porch bird flu are
we done yeah we're done oh poor Shane
John first of all first of all nice real
no yeah that's it
what the fuck you have this what is this
for cosplay stuff I don't know fuck that
means I want any part of that does that
even mean like
you know puffy lipid oh what's that
cosplay oh my god Mason we're still down
huh
I saw it ah not impressed well guys
there you go I'm gonna be fucking sick
we have a bunch of you has its own
anything with me about today I just feel
used
yeah sorry not sorry I have so many
things in my mouth and none of them were
your dick you know and I could put the
whole thing in my mouth really good at
that I mean I don't know I haven't been
actually taking my mouth but like
popsicles oh my god all day been like
popsicle Hey
Oh Joe yeah okay one day well guys there
you go if you want to check out him
doing the challenge go to his channel
he'll I know what my it's so much harder
though like you gave me some really bad
objects
it was so hard question of the day what
the fuck shut up at Joey's mouth as
punishment for making me do this thing
five million times we're good leave me a
comment letting me know maybe I'll do it
alright you guys ok fine with us be
funny with you if you wanna check out
all of my showy videos there's a
playlist right here oh you guys I love
you
Hey ah water okay uh uh drinky drink
drink bitch you know what I think I
think you is the number one ho step on
that gasps bitch let's go
sounds good right not I call that one
drinky drink
