they'll be
could be my it's up its up its up its up
its up its up
I'm talking about me can't believe I
woke up cannot believe I'm up shocked
I'm look at all that trash you know it's
in there five all the plates from all
the food I had last night and all your
regrets
oh my regrets so we got the tree up it's
very exciting Christmas is officially
not here yet but we're protecting like
it is I got her a little Beatles
ornament I love it okay good I'm gonna
get you another moose we should orbital
ravier okay you didn't look that excited
yeah yeah we got better red nose on
that's here I'm with a little bit about
we go by my epic sunglasses on him
and we could um we could put it put
ornaments on this little reindeer hubs
or whatever those are
antlers I'm smart all right we're gonna
go Christmas shopping today and then
hopefully we'll find Hanukkah hopefully
we'll find something good remote find
something it's raining I have a DD
Tourette's and rats yeah yeah I'm
sitting passenger side of my bitches
ride yeah she's grown the streets ah
picking my fee oh she got some balls
uh-huh she's kidding
she got mines what I don't know I used
to be able to rap in my past life you're
like really into it I know we don't know
I'm so good okay ready
uh water okay uh uh drinky drink drink
bitch you know what I think I think you
is the number-one ho Stefan that gasps
bitch let's go sounds good right okay I
call that one drinky drink we're driving
around Christmas shopping were also
testing out cars because she needs a car
and I want her to get a Hummer I
wouldn't even be able to get into the
hammer it's so big see you just fart and
I can smell it but if we were in a
Hummer it'd be so big I'd be all the way
across the car being on head you thought
I think I kind of smell it but I'm not
really sure and then you'd be like no
be that far away from you thank you oh
that sounds great so we're gonna go try
some cars maybe I'll film some of it I'm
sure it'll be interesting and I'm sure
it'll be an awkward conversation if we
inch our saying now it's okay well we
need to think about it we need to decide
we need to go and then they'll be like
look I'm back I'm back oh my god I have
to do so you ready for that okay what's
up you guys I'm in a candy shop right
now I'm trying to find really weird
things to make challenges out of and I
think I found the next challenge the
fucking disgusting soda challenge
pumpkin pie flavored bacon flavored
chocolate flip new girl that sounds good
okay I'll get that one it's just for
research look what else I found over
here speaking of challenges I found a
very challenged poster Snooki has her
own candy I don't know about you but the
last thing I want to eat is then what's
it called question of the day which is
Snickers candy befalls I'm going to go
with Reese's peanut butter sluts or cock
rocks ooh that sounds like a word for
herpes perfect oh my god oh my god no
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get these
no I'm gonna pretend like they're just
chocolate-covered pretzel sticks she's
gonna throw he's gonna be amazing
hey guys okay so we're just outside of
the candy shop and I got my pumpkin pie
so what I'm very excited about I'm gonna
get diarrhea
I got a pop rocks I got some
chocolate-covered pretzels here anyways
I got what let's check cover pretzels
you needed them
oh no I'm gluten-free you can't what is
this look at the box it's nothing is it
is for real are you mad at me Oh fine
inside is a tiny button oh my God look
you can see the spine all right we're
gonna go now probably fight hey hey we
just got back from shopping and we got a
bunch of stuff you know things that are
important you know things that we need
you know toilet paper water laundry
detergent and it's something we really
need it chunk tattoos I cannot believe
these are a thing but I'm very happy
that they are right which one should I
try we have a smiley face we have a
soccer Oh God wait that's basketball I
love sports we have a big open valve oh
yeah yes yes yes do I even have to
explain eating pussy come on how does
this work stick out tongue place flat on
tongue hold for two seconds lift and it
should work all right let's do it
all right here we go
huh-huh-huh boot is good I think I'm
having an allergic reaction I'm not even
kidding
what the hell what's happening are these
infected needles
I knew I shouldn't got a tattoo shop in
a bathroom of creeps house oh wait this
is my house
all right let's go show Lisa I hope she
likes my new look are you ready for my
new look what I got a tongue - yeah -
wait that's kind of cool come get one
come to my tattoo parlor what do you
want I got a I got a happy face I got a
stone face
I got a basketball I got a puppy dog you
want that puppy we can put that puppy
neck Kitty together yeah now I've been
doing this for a while very experienced
don't move
yeah yeah I can throw yeah yours looks
look did you remind this D yeah but
that's how you do it this is gross
they put him together tastes nasty what
flavor is that fuck is yes it's the
future corny do you Owen yeah she loves
that she's kissing a dog all right
morning I'm gonna say goodbye to
everybody corny you gonna say goodbye 20
G Jovi yes yes yes oh my god it was
abuse ID as a teen of the night hope yes
I'm hang with us we have fun hang with
you I'm gonna go put all these tattoos
on random wet places of my body
Olivia and I will see you tomorrow bye
ha ha ha I need to grow up
oh I am I danced wait I mean what do you
want you want the head nah you want the
shoulder pop you want that my head's in
a box my head's in a box my head's in a
box
