they'll be
she could be mine I'm with stupid I'm
what smelly who's who
you're both oh oh you're just you know
you should be I'm with the coolest guy
in the world I'm so lucky and then mine
will just be I'm with stupid anyways hey
what city guys we were filming a music
video for Lisa's channel corneas very
excited she's going to be in it I'm very
excited to follow her mom and never
heard at all so I see that there's pizza
here is very exciting oh my god the fuck
where's the pizza you just got a box no
well now my life has no point because I
didn't want to get a shirt that also
said I'm your fatty I already had that
shirt burn it points yourself to thumbs
to this stop it I win I win
anyways corny yeah get on that bed no
Yuri like that Oh God look at this
little bash you owe a face a bitch huh
look at this little vag now look it's
low vest oh my god just oh why are you
being so mean to me today I need you
because you're always major mean what so
I win
well then fine I'm gonna be mean back
today's gonna be the meanest vlog ever
meanest vlog ever can't think of
anything mean to say cuz I love you
alright let's go take the biggest P
slash poop you've ever taken
come on do it do it people don't want to
see it they're into some weird shit yeah
yeah oh that was too short
oh well I guess I'll have to do it to
finish you guys off oh oh oh yeah oh
yeah don't look at me oh yeah oh my god
snowing in my apartment this is the set
for Lisa's video for her unconditionally
spoof Joffrey's making a cameo got a
little dandruff just like it's daddy
what does it say about me that I just
want to stick my entire face in that
bucket it says I should never try
cocaine because I will be getting it by
the bucketful
although do you think if I brought that
bucket
girl and they would let me feel it hmm
I shouldn't be a lot around buckets me
and Bieber have a lot in common
right now Lisa's sucking on my foot
you're loving it the heat it feels so
weird now get out corn ease into it oh
god 3 7 3 son well guys this is
happening oh you want to see what else
is happening this oh my gosh oh look at
that donkey look at that donkey what are
your thoughts um I do you think that you
look sexy I'm slightly cha-cha you like
the way my little fart just quivered out
of this dress even more in love with you
now than ever
Kourtney's terrified hey what's up you
guys so it is the end of the night I
just finished filming I just picked up
some food because while the
cross-dressing just really wears me out
Lisa's video is going to be a December
6th same day as my music video hers is a
little bit different mine has Santa
Claus and snow hers has me in a red
dress shitting on her face so you guys
are gonna love it question of the day
what are you thoughts on Katy Perry's
music video unconditionally I thought it
was kind of boring and confusing I was
very confused as to why she was in slow
motion why she turned into flowers and
why when that car hit her it didn't even
faze her like unless it was a shallow
house situation as she was actually huge
but we only saw that she was thin then
I'd understand it how'd you guys up you
have fun hang with me - hang with you
and I'll see you well hi
fuck you dumb bitch fine gaping pussy
how does she know what that means three
wet puss say that it can't be used
listen I can't say pussy what if that
was my name
