hey what's up you guys so today that'll
be fun if we did something a little bit
different so I'm going to be doing a
survey called the don't judge me survey
I can already tell you're judging me and
I might have found it on a website that
has a bunch of old myspace surveys on it
stop judging me all right let's get to
the stupid questions number one have you
ever tried stripping in front of your
mirror yeah stripping is a good word for
it it's usually like me in front of the
mirror and then I start taking my
clothes off and I start crying a bit
about my childhood and looking at my
body wishing it was different and then I
just think that one day I'm gonna get
out of here I'm gonna get out of this
place and I'm gonna succeed one day and
then a man shows a $1 bill in my vagina
that's about how it goes number two do
you care about the size of your boobs
actually yes I do a lot of people look
at me and think that I have like man
boobs but their pecs pecs are two lumps
of fat on a man's chest right yeah yeah
I totally effects number three who are
you thinking about right now
precious the answer is always precious
number four do you smell your armpits if
they stink I don't understand do you
mean do I smell them when they stink or
do I actually smell them to see if they
stink because in both circumstances I
end up dead so I usually just breathe
with my mouth when was the last time you
felt depressed what time was the ones
that gonna go no I'm just kidding what
time is it now what is the worst thing
that somebody could do to a person
remember back in the day on YouTube and
you would subscribe to somebody and
YouTube would force you to subscribe to
somebody you didn't want to like that
one time when you subscribe to Joey
Graceffa and you got me that's the worst
thing somebody can do to you
and I'm sorry what is your opinion on
teen sex I think it's my two top search
words on porn tube my third top word is
ouch my fourth one is sister don't ask
have you ever ate a booger probably when
I was a kid but in all honesty booger
the one thing that just grossed me to
fuck out I don't get grossed out a lot I
mean I eat the peanut butter sundae
while watching two girls one cop I'm
fine but the second somebody takes up
somebody takes a little motor out of
their nose starts rolling it around like
it's a little bead but they're getting
ready to put on a necklace and then they
start smashing it and in that final
moment when I flick it and then I'm
wondering where we're away cuz in my
damn look I'm gonna get up to go to the
bathroom and step in it and then it's
gonna be on my foot forever because I
don't put my feet oh uh oh and there's
hair in it there's always hair in it I'm
sorry I'm sorry we need to stop talking
about boogers I would literally rather
talk about shit well that's not a
surprise
when was the last time you smoked weed I
have never actually smoked meat ever I
know you're shocked so that means that
all of my video ideas come from a sober
place that's terrifying do you ever look
at girls boobs to determine their age I
stopped doing that when I moved to LA
because that would mean every girl would
be like 48 I mean just big gross droopy
Serge Reed scarred up titties even the
12 year olds I usually determine woman's
age another way I'm not going to explain
cuz I don't wanna get trouble but you
know how like when you cut a tree in
half and you see how many rings there
are it tells you how old someone is it
also works with people stop judging me
what are your views on anal sex I think
it's funny
what color is your dildo and does it
have a name I don't have a dildo but my
fist is flesh colored and I call it Bob
does size matter dear god I hope not
have you ever been tested for STDs no
and let me put it to you this way I've
never even had a doctor asked me about
sexually active that would be like
asking somebody in a wheelchair if they
teach salsa lessons mmm salsa ooh
chips Oh Mexican food oh my god oh stop
judging me unless but not least have you
ever faked an orgasm I don't know why I
would have to I guess to get out of
awkward situations hello welcome to
Yogurtland hi just this oh let me weigh
that okay oh wow oof never see me yogurt
this big before I mean you just really
went all out
Oh oh my god it's gonna be 45 dollars
and 50 cents that's the biggest yogurt
we've ever had everybody come in here
let's talk about how big this guy's
yogurt
is uh no everybody can stay I don't
really want to talk about em huh I just
want to go no no your have you sir you
have won a prize you are the biggest
yogurt eater of all time
can you speak the world record that's
gonna come in right now uh never mind
you can go oh yeah I've got a lot of
free yogurt
everything I say sounds gay all right
you guys there goes Camus Maya
don't judge me tag my question of the
day to you is let's see have you ever
walked in on your parents having sex
can't wait to read these comments all
right you guys I love you all hope you
have fun hang with me I funding with you
and I'll see you tomorrow
why my lead back folks and apparently
she has died and been reincarnated as a
man with a boon and a plan we clawed we
chained our hearts in vain we jump came
in
