hey what's up you guys welcome to the
show bro no no no I am oh god I've got
too much happening close it up
close it up hey guys I do not even need
to explain why I look like this I'm
probably don't at this point well I will
anyways I usually put a headband on
after they shower to keep my hair flat
so I don't have to dry it and all my
headbands are in the washing machine so
I'm losing this fabula and anyways I'm
making this little impromptu Saturday
blog because I just want to talk about
something that has come up so as you
guys know I started selling the epic
sunglasses yesterday and I'm really
excited a lot of you guys are kidding
them and tweeting me pictures and like
you know the receipt and whatever and
I'm excited but then I got a lot of
comments I wasn't expecting saying like
hello you know they're too expensive or
or you know you're so greedy why are you
selling them you should be giving them
away and I just kind of wanted to
explain where I'm coming from
because I feel like a lot of you guys
that Jake I don't understand where
you're coming from as most of you know I
grew up I mean girl like whore isn't
even the word I don't even know what
word to use I'm gonna go with like an
empty capri-sun like like there was no
room no room for nothing no room for fun
no extra sips of juice it was an empty
nothingness and on Christmas we didn't
even do gifts we just you know gave hugs
looks like surprise Cooper I wasn't
expecting a hug this year that was
grandma I wasn't expecting you to slip
me the tongue though that was a tree so
a lot of you guys are saying you know
I'm Shane we can't afford them you know
we can't afford anything and we're poor
work for listen I get it
when I was your age I couldn't afford
anything either
I would not be buying these I wouldn't
be playing anything I would be making
these out of construction paper and
being like that's cute right that's real
so I'm not expecting you to buy them if
you can't afford them that's not I'm not
trying to be a drug pusher if you get
these get these get these because if you
can't afford them
get them get groceries I mean I that's
what I was getting when I was a kid and
the other thing I want to bring up was
the price listen I told you guys on that
previous vlog I tried my hardest to get
the price as much low as I could but the
difference between you know a pair of
bees and a pair of $5 or $10 sunglasses
is that these aren't gonna break these
are like actually nice nice sunglasses I
went through literally like 20
prototypes before I finally found the
ones I liked and yeah these are no 29
bucks or something
I know it's that's more than five
dollars it's definitely not as expensive
as other sunglasses and don't even get
me started on one Direction's perfume
$69.99 I mean who do they think we are
um but yeah I I just wanted to kind of
put it out there that I do not want you
to feel obligated and I don't want you
to feel like angry at me for selling
things cuz I mean listen happen also I
like that I'm honest with you guys on
this Saturday blogs let's be honest I'm
not making that much off this ship if I
wanted to make a lot of money grow up
there's other ways I would be like Pepsi
you only think you only live once ding I
would do shit like that and get a lot of
money I don't do that
I mean I'm out I'm making out these I
would probably have to sell like a
million of these to make a lot of money
and listen that's not gonna happen and
I'm fine with that this is more um like
a dream come true for me and you know
and I'm excited about it so anyways just
want to clear the air because I
bargained by comments whatever and the
thing is I don't care about mean
comments I don't care about whatever but
what hurt me was when you guys said I
don't understand what it's like to be
poor I don't understand what it's like
to not be able to buy things and I and
that hurt me because I'm like first of
all like I do understand if you were a
fan you know my life you know I've been
through that what else we don't want
people to feel tonight if they can't
afford them because listen whether you
have these on or not I fucking love you
and and whether you have these on or not
you're still epic to me
and I still couldn't do what I do
without you I love you so that's it I'm
gonna go I love you guys so get by thing
with me if I hang with you and I like
Diesel's Saturday chats headband chats
robe chats
fresh out of the shower chat we can be
grossed out if I was like I didn't take
a shower my hair is just wet on that
note I'm gonna go epic Dawson calm if
you want the glasses if you don't want
the glasses then just go to my balls
calm and click on them and did a little
with them do what you want
I love you someone talk to me
ASL 18 ooh girl no I want to be involved
in this conversation we're joining this
party threesome hold your hand that's
that's a lie girl you better not listen
him
