ha hey what's up you guys oh my god my
profile picture come to life wow I look
so much older than I didn't do thousand
eight but just as creepy yes they're
finally here I've been talking about
them all week and they're finally out
wow I'm so excited I'm gonna wear them
all day and all night like a dish okay
so I'm gonna give you the details on
this really quick and then we're gonna
play the game
mieze which is hopefully more
entertaining that means okay so you can
get these at epic Dawson calm and type
in the offer code Black Friday and that
gets you five dollars off hey that's a
chill oh but that lasts all weekend and
then on Monday the offer code is epic
Monday and if you put that in you get
10% off I'm not good at math oh no no
$10 off oh girl that's too chalupas
that's a deal so that's it I'm not going
to be pimping these too much because I
don't want to look like a sellout but I
do want them to sell because if they
don't well I'm gonna be embarrassed and
all the people that made them are gonna
be like hey we have thousands of glasses
do we just all wear them at once to get
use out of them how embarrassing
alright so enough of that um let's get
to playing the game means of course
another game where I have to pretend to
be somebody and talk to strangers Oh
Internet you're so original rugged never
smooth oh my god that's me oh my god
this game was made for me blouses and
button downs girl this is getting scary
Hell's Kitchen CW wait I'm HAP I'm so
very confused I want to go to CW because
I feel like that's where I wanna have
people I Heart of Dixie what the fuck is
that beauty and the beat these shows are
not real are they America's Next Top
Model you want to be on top that's where
I'm going I want to tell bitches they
ugly oh there I am
oh I look like Ricky Martin why am I the
only one here Tyra I hear Tyra where is
she you must be a VIP oh oh look I'm
walking oh God Wow just like real life
ain't no one watching this show alright
what's like a popular mieze nation
that's terrifying that there's a
nation of people that do this public
hangouts yes I want to meet people who
are into the same things I'm into like
murder Selena Gomez yes please wait
there's nobody in there Oh says it right
here so many people talking at once
top-rated maybe there's nobody on this
website
all right I've got a baby bling because
there's two people in there don't have
clearance I'm assuming little Loco wanna
dance come check out my Superfly new
animations I don't trust you little Loco
see the only person in here uh I don't
want to be with little Loco all right
let's go to chill bill I feel like
that's where all the cool people are yes
nineteen people on crash shun turb brie
whatever aah
looks like this room is full I mean uh
I'm be honest guys game is not the jam
there's nobody here
see yes to Beach oh yes we're here we
have arrived egg i'm amita besties why
is that emo rabbit being covered in
candy canes and why did that man just
turn into a midget oh look they're
saying hi to me whoo I'm gonna say hi
I'm gonna cry who wants to have a twerk
off I feel like this bitch will that
hurts so much
wait what is happening with this poor
rabbit I feel like I need to save him
kill me now
Oh God Oh God I need to know mission
mission is to save this rabbit from
killing himself what's going on rabbit
it gets better boo oh my god he just
died oh my god it killed him oh my god
I'm pretend like I didn't see that let's
just pretend like that did just happen
let's walk over here because these two
are about to bug no don't change rooms I
want to fuck you guys no wait do you see
I want to talk how old are you girl
they're like boom boom boom boom where
your place at what's your address give
me your digits what's your social who is
this bitch who she wants to talk I'm
looking for a boyfriend someone talk to
me
ASL 1800 girl no I want to be involved
in this conversation we're joining this
party threesome hold your hand
that's a lie girl you better not listen
to him he's wearing a trench coat I know
what's under that lies Nicki Minaj here
whoo she's excited about the three cent
hey k you want to turn my white jacket
Brown the hell does that mean
I think I just asked her to poop on me
don't change rooms don't fucking leave
me can I touch them no don't leave don't
leave you have a room no she's gonna
leave with him no don't leave with him
he's gonna rape you I'll find a room no
don't trust him girl this is Chris
Hansen from Dateline and B see this
bitch is having a twerk competition with
herself and both parties are losing all
right Kesey get the fuck out of here
because I'm about to steal this bitch
now the Casey's gone sup what you doing
girl I like this shortest skirt you got
out you know if this was real life that
skirt would be right above a vagina
what she said I got a lot of shoulder
hair to dry them tears fuck this bitch I
don't need this I don't need you I
cannot follow him oh girl I was about to
leave I'm back no you can you're too
good for him girl you is smart you is
important
who the hell is walrus ninja
motherfucker you better get the fuck out
of my way how do I fool can I talk to
him
yeah send a PM yes he is not my friend
yes
ooh p.m. in this bitch you too good for
him
girl you are Queen sometimes you just
have to help people get their confidence
up oh shit he's back oh hell no oh it's
about to get all kinds of dramatic no G
see you up hard luck alright let's get
out of here that bitch is gonna ruin her
life with him a bad man all right I'm
getting outta here this is creepy so
there you guys go that was Pete blank
means one of the creepier games I've
seen I literally think it's just for
people who want F sex but do it in fake
bodies with
your names and bunny rabbits watching
anyways leave a comment letting me know
what game you want me to play next and I
just want to say once again thank you
guys so much I know technically you
didn't make these but because of you
guys and because you guys can watch me
for so long these got made very excited
dream come true and if you get some take
pictures of you wearing them and send to
me with on twitter and instagram with
hashtag XD epic maybe Shane Dawson epic
as the epic I'm not gonna names epic
Dawson that's better epic gothic and
I'll make a video of a bunch of you guys
wearing it it'll be fun
alright I love you guys opieop my name
with me I've been in with you and I will
see you tomorrow hi I just hit my face
very hard and I liked it what is this is
this like Miley don't you dare don't you
dare ever Miley No
