please say secret word to open Selena
Gomez getting ass-raped by the devil
access granted
hair what's up you guys yes I'm wearing
a beanie today which means I was too
lazy to wash my hair and then dried and
then straighten it so instead I packed
it all under this beanie similar to what
I do with my Spanx I'm kidding I don't
wear Spanx anymore
so I am sitting here over here my laptop
just trying to write some videos for you
fuckers waiting for my mom she's going
to come over and we're going to go to
lunch and probably talk about my
terrible life decisions talk about why I
don't have children yet and then I bring
up that she can't have children anymore
and she's barren inside and that usually
shuts her up and then usually at some
point we start twerking we have a weird
relationship we're in the car I love so
how does it feel to be my personal
driver today I feel honored okay are you
drunk
that's what I requested just a little
guide request drunken high and I want my
driver to I want quested amanda Bynes
but she's in mental facility right now
so I couldn't I'm as good as it's gonna
get okay well you're close to Lindsay
Lohan you both have red hair yes so what
are you doing have you been it's been a
while since I've seen you I know hi
everybody
oh hi she going to school studying like
crazy
have you heard speaking of well nothing
that we're talking about but you like do
you keep up with the Kardashians right
oh not so much okay you were the I
thought you were a kardashian fan I
thought you were they're not Bravo girl
I'm Bravo okay well I don't know if you
heard about this but the young
Kardashian I don't know her name so I'm
just gonna go with Kylie and slut girl
Kylie and Kendall I think well one of
those just turned 18 so she posted a
picture on Twitter of her boobs
oh no shocked no aren't you mad you're
not i'm you know i mean bull on like
opal nipple oh no no no no
no what is the mother doing what is she
doing I think you should raise oh no no
no I'd kick her butt no no no no oh you
know what what about like on my 18th
birthday when I posted that picture of
my balls on Twitter I remember that I
don't recall that shape oh because it
didn't happen because I'm not an idiot
like the Kardashians I don't know where
her mother is that's ridiculous
I know where she is I know where she's
going and it's hot she better bring an
air conditioning unit as hell is a humid
ridiculous ridiculous well that's our
thoughts on that did you get these for
me they're green you can buy some oh
okay no you ain't get a homey discount
baby begin the homie discount well maybe
you are I don't know probably some kind
of a discount I love you how do you feel
you feel epic oh I like the green okay
first of all they're yellow is this is
this like Miley don't you dare don't you
dare ever Miley no wouldn't be weird if
Miley saw these sunglasses at a store or
something you didn't know and just wore
them we can only dream we can only you
know the sad part is this look really
set up like I'm like mom put them on I'm
trying to sell them she literally just
grabbed them because she's trying to
steal my shit well speaking of stealing
shit or grabbing things or whatever my
mom got me a present
that she probably stole no yes tell him
where I was yeah we're we're a very cool
thrift store a very like very cool
that's how my mom used to explain when
we were poor she'd be like okay kids we
don't have money so we are going to go
to this really cool goodwill like it's
like a club but when you walk in there
as I don't punch a goodwill goodwill
like this is cute yeah same place same
place as she got me in a crazy cat lady
action figure which seems like it's more
suited for you no no but let me just let
me tell you honey first of all that
looks just like you in character I mean
thank you and I think and second of all
when you used to make videos of the
crazy cat lady and and that's how you
dressed it's like she had like a robe on
yeah I took it off in your classes
anyway I loved it creaky I loved it you
just remind me of you
oh look at we're all getting gifts I'm
getting crazy cat lady and you're well
you're not getting the sunglasses you
have to buy them so no that's yellow
it's green honey it's ha ha ha hold on
run away oh it's great
mr. green and any elbow honey that's
green oh maybe I'm color Biden it's it
kind of looks green in here outside it's
yellow all right so we just filmed some
videos this was our little set isn't it
beautiful
I mean classy hmm I mean I'm just moving
up in the
and then I keep getting packages for
some reason so my mom got excited like
every time the door guy walked the box
my mom's like Shane and his packages all
right guys that is the end of the day
I'm gonna go edit all these videos she's
gonna go I'd take care of the dogs take
care of the dogs and watch honey boo boo
yeah take care honey honey boo boo you
could adopt her Oh with the dogs oh she
could poop on the grass like a dog oh
can I see my my favorite Bravo
commercial moment Oh God okay I think
her name is Courtney and she's gonna
have a show and she says if your dreams
don't scare you then your dream isn't
big enough
my dreams are terrifying like I wake up
in a cold storage house though alone oh
no no like your dream what you want to
do if it doesn't scare you a little then
it's not big enough you know that's a
fair Abraham's motto no penises if it
doesn't scare you it's not big enough
Oh anyways hope you guys have funding it
does we have fun hanging with you and
I'll see you tomorrow and if you want
check out more videos of me my mom being
weird I'll put a playlist down there and
you can check them out so much weirdness
you're a chip off the old block she
that's I'm not just a bag of chips
off the crazy Street All Right see guys
later look at all these pictures on his
fridge and none of them
are of me where do you keep me in the
closet zing Ivete all the people in the
comments to it no but really like where
am I
