I went to the Apple store yesterday
looking for a MacBook Air and ingenious
dude when told me we didn't have any
there she would you like a Q&A prank
youtubers oh it stop it rude that was my
I'm so used to you moaning that I just
like I know I've been moaning for 30
seconds I mean 30 seconds before I even
turn the camera on look at you beautiful
do I help you I love that what are we
calling stop it we're not talking about
it you know what it is it's like um I
don't even know what it is I was trying
to think of a joke and I can't think of
one nobody's really beautiful though
fuck you saw something terrifying but
not that terrifying anyway Shana
so we're trying to figure out what we're
doing we want to prank call people
here's the thing I feel like all those
videos on YouTube of people prank
calling her fake cuz people don't answer
right especially when I would never
answer if anybody called ever even if
they didn't block their own number
I'd be like Shane's calling fuck off you
know it is good though I used a sound
board to prank call my mom and she did
answer that the Miss Cleo soundboard no
but that's a good one I bought the Miss
Cleo somewhere that's the only yeah only
a farewell it's the most expensive app
that I've ever bought it was like four
dollars you didn't buy artpop yes I
bought artpop I bought like three copies
you have time on the app oh yes I bought
you well that was free but yes which was
terrifying cuz I downloaded it ya know
the scariest shit and then after like
ten minutes of you watching this robot
it fucking nothing happens then you go
in and there's nothing go make gifs
first of all isn't a gift
no well Gaga says Jeff I mean she's
wrong no the creator just says it was
Jeff okay whatever anyway so artpop
everybody's asking me to review it me
and maybe I should wait with you art pub
and then we can review Avril Lavigne's
new CD so so titled Avril Lavigne I'm so
I love everything so much look who I am
Avril Lavigne all the way yeah wait does
she call her fans anything Lavigne e^x
that sounds like a meth and heroin at it
baby my love maniac I know I think she
let's start old questioning a boy
McMillon completely she answer she calls
our gay fans Avril a'queen are a Berlocq
weaves ever look we for the girl
question of the day
wait what do you call your fans my
people Tyler's Oaktree's know that I
don't call them anything if I ever
reference them I say my people okay what
am i yours uh sluts and idiots what you
just only have one his mom hey mom
question of the day
what's your Tyler call his fans I like
shit I like Tyler oak trees
that's the worst not anything to do with
anything tree fine then how about ever
look my everlue Queens that's gonna
cover that's taken uh uh your other
question is day does anybody know who
Diana DeGarmo is cuz we've been talking
about it for an hour and I'm obsessed
and nobody knows Rashmi oh my god what
does she call her fans Shane this is
bullying giant if you're watching this I
love you can you please come on podcast
come in the podcast ha oh my god well I
would ask her what Fantasia's teeth look
like a real life we do the people know
at home that the podcast we did is up or
the podcast is up this is probably gonna
go out like a lot well if it's up in the
future then the podcast will still be oh
and it is killing it
it's huge sure in the future ok getting
amazing jizz in a million listen oh my
god a million listen look at all these
pictures on his fridge and none of them
are of me where do you keep me in the
closet thing I feed all the people in
the comments to it no but really like
where am I like where like that's not me
he's your almonds grammar that's not me
that's food you shouldn't make the cut
but you find fucking pizza roasted you
know what though I understand wrong hey
what's up guys so I'm just leaving
Tyler's house and I'm reapplying my
chapstick because these babies got real
dry I don't even know what that means
it means he's dry it means together we
we had a lot of dryness that's sexy
right
anyways really quick before I go guys
I'm excited because I should have had
this prepared before I started filming
here
we go they're coming on Friday Friday
Friday ethic glasses on Friday and every
other day after that cuz they're on sale
forever I'll work on the song yes
finally after oh my god so long over a
year of working on these like a year and
a half
finally they're out on Friday and uh
last week or two weeks ago I asked you
guys to help me come up with the name
for the company and a lot of you guys
liked my name I came up with some going
with it was my first instinct so I'm
going to go with it my companies can be
called epic Dawson and it's going to be
starting with just these and then maybe
at some point you know shirts or condoms
are new ver wings I don't know but for
now it's just sunglasses so epic Dawson
comm is where it's going to be I don't
know if the website's up yet maybe maybe
not
yes no I don't know try it check it out
but November 29th Friday they're gonna
be out I don't know how much they are or
any information and I should have
prepared that but I'll let you know what
Friday so that's it guys help you up the
name with me I'm funny with you and I'm
gonna wear my sunglasses at night like a
douche bag an epic douche bag ooh that's
a better name for a company fuck it's
too late to change it
oh well alright see you guys
