whoa
yo you didn't say uno oh hey what's up
you guys I'm here with me with you the
sensation my mom we are going to be
doing the jenna Marbles photo booth
challenge oh now the challenge is
basically going on photobooth with each
other and making each other try to laugh
while drinking mass amounts of alcohol
so we're only going to do half the
challenge we're just gonna drink a bunch
of alcohol it's been a while shame on
kid we're gonna go to booth and try to
make each other laugh this should be
easy you make me laugh all the time and
that's just when we're drinking alcohol
it's like wait what yeah all right here
we go you ready for this
no no but okay Marty laughing all right
first one you think a beautiful orange
no I'm not a beautiful it's like two
horses like a love story ah
it brings back some memories
why because I can't say you have some
nasty things going on with horses
you look like a fashion designer girl
that else's now let me cute oh my god we
know I look like my dad war you better
move to work like a war oh it's to use
like every character in a Pixar movie
you'll thank the woman who works at uh
what was that Pixar movie where they
were all like superheroes yeah but you
read that wait this is me they're gonna
be tired oh yeah oh wow now that just
made him long she's not even make a joke
she's just amused by yourself yeah
you're only good side when you do that
baby
well I trying to turn this way you look
like you're at the fingers t-shirt
that's my face doesn't do nothing scary
but this
I would like a British youtuber yeah
wait don't tell me I look good cuz I
don't want to get my sick surgery oh
that's not cute
oh that looks like somebody that's a guy
you met on omegle oh my god wait you
know who we are
Oh Abby and Brittany hi my name is Abby
I'm Brandi this is me I don't know why
we needed this filter did you ask okay
you got the hunch on her back okay I'm
kidding girl we love you we like Oh Oh
would you twerking look like in this oh
that's Thole oh I don't know that's got
angry fish alone dude who is that
supposed to be oh my god it's so ugly
it's not look beautiful shame like this
is what I look like if I just sat at
home and ate chocolate you kind of look
like honey Boo Boo's mom Oh does that
make me honey boo boo here you come over
you get Google fide wait how come it
just makes your head I want to be my
whole body big oh you had football
player hi y'all's me honey boo boo give
me some of that Go Go you ma can I get
somebody go Nick gravy okay
connect it open your necklace and with
that gravy come hot potater what cuz
it's so real oh does everyone think
about it ma listen up Angie boo boo
I think about it I'm sad I just know I
can't eat and watch that shot but I
can't eat and watch that know who can
eat while they're making that so
everybody else what's in the middle wait
what are you trying to do China in the
middle of your face oh good how can you
look good oh that's scary Shane
it really is Abby and Brittany Oh take a
picture of that shape we're filming this
mama
hey I bet I can clearly make it real
vagina oh oh oh it was contrasting oh
wait look it's giving birth oh my god
this was a daughter Zoey why is it doing
on it you know what I throw up I have
vertigo I'm a purse yeah me something
calm there we go oh my god wait to see
she moving
Oh like with my oh my cheek I want to
get lick my back
lick my chin look at your notes Oh from
a cow I don't want to make out I look at
censored it little guys go that was us
around another photo booth I don't know
if we did the challenge right I I mean
literally we just did what every 12 year
old does when they get a match the first
time except we made more offensive jokes
and really probably her a being pretty
strong Oh Abbi Brittany I love you are
you maybe my eyes are messed up it kind
of looks like your head is so doing
weird stuff right reset this is your
head I think because I've been looking
at weird spelling I can't find a
boyfriend I my ass crooked
all right you guys let me up funding it
doesn't open anything if you want check
out more videos to be my mom doing
really weird shit out but the toy was
linked out there
dear Lord what a weird day hey guys
later Stephanie wants to know what do
you think about midnight memories being
leaked just sounds like a typical day at
my therapist's office
what is midnight memories oh it's one
Direction's new CD I talk about them in
my therapist office - I wanna murder
Harry and wear skin
