we almost got sold into sex slavery in
our uber like two nights ago why oh
that's right he kept saying he liked me
he was like this guy's funny weird you
get it you're like you get something for
this kid
this gets good it's like you could get
it you'd get some good money for a white
piece of like yeah maybe a shine on
their podcast
y'all stop off you poor ass little
children
y'all ready to see my whip Snapple
everyone now don't you think your shame
you'll need a ride you busy riding my
mama and that's true but I was like you
know what your mom's getting tired we'll
give a break so I went out to the car
shopping
I go to motherfuckers like it was Chucky
Cheese yeah now is going to know she got
the finger she did you get this heckler
that shit is crazy it drives it so I
mean so to drive myself I'm Irish Drive
myself crazy
no series we have a lot of inner demons
I'm work due to problems big machines
you get it for us and I say man that
sounds way too much like forever share
it I was fucking bills okay okay for
shame jr. so self-righteous Jack no I
did not because I have loyalty to a
suggestion that is the only jet that I
whatever oh no no no no what I got is
brainwashed him way more crazy and it's
going to blow all your bitch's mind I
gotta use 2015 G
you have to park bitch haha hey guys now
I'm just kidding I'm not an asshole
man I currently smell like one but who
doesn't during the summer you know what
I mean
people who shower oh yes I'm in my new
car I'm so excited
up first of all I'm just going to keep
it real I'm very sweaty it is literally
a hundred and twenty degrees at my house
right now but you know is like 350
degrees in the bedroom I don't know who
that is so first let me just start off
by saying yes I know where this car is
not bougie this car isn't even like
anybody's dream car except mine I have
wanted a green Jeep since I was a kid I
always thought they were so cool they
reminded me of Jurassic Park I wanted to
like go drive on mountains and like big
rocks that's a lie I literally just
wanted to go through like a Taco Bell
drive-thru and take a fucking roof off
and be like throw the chill away a bit
it's like that's my dream and also it
might be used and it might be a few
years old and I might have found what
looks like a birth stain in the backseat
but it's still my dream so let me tell
you exactly what happened because the
way it all went down was super random so
I was in Colorado with Ryan and visiting
his family and then one night I got
extremely drunk with Rylands mom here's
proof and while we were drunk I randomly
was like I want a Jeep
so we made up this plan like tomorrow
let's go look for Jeeps and then I'll
buy one and I'll Drive it home with
Ryland but all of that was like a drunk
idea like I never thought that that
would actually happen and then the next
morning I was still drunk because of how
much alcohol I had the night before so I
still had that idea so went to the Jeep
dealership and we looked around and I
saw this baby I literally took a picture
with her before she was even mine look
how happy this little pig is
now also just imagine the salesman
literally watched me take this picture
so confused because it was not my car
that would be like if you were in the
hospital and you hadn't had your kid yet
and then you saw like the baby ward and
you pick one up and you're like I want
to selfie with this one
Facebook's gonna love this like it's sad
anyways I ended up actually buying it
and it was cheaper than my last car
which was a Prius so this is not like an
upgrade like this isn't like YouTube
Monty this is like a reasonable car for
a working mother but me and my baby had
an adventure I took my baby to Target I
took my baby to del Taco I took my baby
to Subway no I'm just kidding I would
never fucking do that to my baby I took
her to see some nature we hated it I
took her to Vegas
we got real drunk we read about children
being killed while we listened to DES
Pacita
she had a place to hold some chips a
place to hold some dicks out I realized
the air freshener said Bayside Bayside I
caught my bass singing to me
the road trip was really fun then we got
back home and I was so excited to show
owner the car because I thought he'd
freak out because he'd be like oh my god
I can sit in the car and put my head out
the window
ya know he didn't give no fucks who know
whose car is that whose car that you're
a thing here car crash a new car he said
no he said this looks used brethren are
Turkish Laveau so then we decided to
take the roof off you know like rugged
as men ah then I got way too excited
about it I'm like you so much do flip it
you already have a boyfriend then I got
a very genuine moment of Cheeto feeling
like trash then we took this baby on the
road and you know went have to find some
fine ass bitches like real men yo where
are we going Wow now we just got yogurt
but don't worry we got some bitches
later did I say we got some bitches I
met we are somebody just then I got
caught feeling myself way too hard
so then the next day I showed my mom and
she had the same reaction as me Jurassic
Park bitch then my brother had to get
his own Jeep and upstage me I got one
too then we played with that fucking toy
car for like two hours because we're
fucking children putting it on top of
the neighbors stairs all the way up then
we started filming like a bunch of
slow-motion shots of that little toy car
and I'm not gonna lie shit was epic as
fuck
and then later at night I caught my mom
having a very genuine moment of concern
for robbing China they need to be
careful they'll take that child from
them to see what he's saying thinking
man this year I'm drying Oh and that she
hasn't seen the baby in X amount of time
does he have the baby and okay
I was like oh that's my baby
so that was my first week with my baby
but now I feel like it's time for me to
give you an actual tour cuz that's what
you came for
so here we go alright y'all welcome to
my car first I'm gonna start in the
front seat as you can see here I got my
steering wheel now this works really
well in the car cuz you know I got to go
from lane to Lane but in real life I
would never need that because you know
bitches would never swerve me no right
you have this little reminder you know
to take a break from life because you
know sometimes I hustle too hard and I
need to just stop and smell the money
now this right here with some high-tech
ass shit I got this from you I must the
creator of Tesla this technology is not
available here on planet Earth I
actually got this from the aliens no no
you're thinking Shane where do you put
your phone when you're driving you know
you got to Instagram live all the time
I'll show you bitch oh no no you think
it then how did you do that aliens bitch
now right over here we got this little
thing to block the haters and we got
these handles because you know my
driving keeps you constantly shook nah
for real though I'm a really bad driver
now over here we got this year I don't
really know what this does but it looks
like my dick now this area over here is
to grab onto when I fuck you which is
perfect cause you got this one right
here so you know you could just get one
hand here one hand here and there's even
one back there for your foot I like to
constantly workout even during sex yes
sex is pleasurable so are games now this
is the back seat for all my friends to
watch while I fuck that girl in the
front I like to have witnesses you know
just so everything is very clear also I
don't know what that is but it was here
what I bought it and that those might be
actual fingernail scratches that's
pretty disturbing now thanks here I got
my trunk and you know I got all the
crazy chute I got a yoga mat that's not
mine and I got a bunch of water I like
to throw it out the window what all the
thirsty bitches that watch me drive also
I just noticed that what the fuck is
that can you actually use this are they
actually saying you can use this as a
boat
killing it on land and in the water
laughter not leaves you got my
reflection wow that's crazy you know
when I was a little boy I used to wonder
what I look like when I grew up I wanted
to be smart successful I wanted to make
my mama proud I want to be the kind of
man that a little boy would want to look
up to you know and now here I am talking
about my car and my money and all the
holes I thought wow this isn't really
who I wanted to be maybe I should change
it maybe I should stop valuing things in
life the matter like family friends and
my dog nah fuck it brand deals today
guys go that was my new card tour I hope
you enjoyed it and I'm just really
excited I literally have wanted this car
since I was a kid so this is a huge deal
for me and I can't wait to take her on
adventures and take you guys with us hi
guys if you liked this video and you
want more weird random videos like this
give me a thumbs up so I know make sure
to subscribe my channel it's a
notification bell because I make new
videos every fucking day and if you want
to see my house tour or any of my weird
like tour videos I'll put a link to a
playlist at the top of description below
alright you little children I'll see you
tomorrow
Oh
Oh
