hey what's up you guys yes it is another
exciting edition a vast change
everything is more exciting with an echo
right just ask Kanye West that's why it
loves Kim Kardashian's vagina so much he
yells giver it echoes for eternity
anyway speaking of big vaginas let's do
some questions about me Savi wants to
know have you ever killed a person
before Oh Savi what a ridiculous
question I mean why would I answer that
on camera Lily wants to know who was
your first love ah that's a hard
question it's definitely a toss-up
between the bloomin onion and a
Crunchwrap supreme Stephanie wants to
know what do you think about midnight
memories being leaked just sounds like a
typical day at my therapist's office
what is midnight memories oh it's one
Direction's new CD I talk about them and
my therapist office - I wanna murder
Harry and wear skin Jade wants to know
have you ever tried to braid your chest
hair no Jade but challenge accepted
right how did I used to do this in grade
school
not that I braided hair in grade school
that's gay right now that I knew what a
French braid pull back was not like I
used to do my mom's hair before she went
on her internet dates nothing every year
I've asked Santa for a wig no none of
those things I was a boy right there we
go didn't work if it did work that would
been the gayest thing I did in the last
five minutes
quema wants to know where's the weirdest
place you've ever peed well when I was
younger I used to open up the bottom of
my Furby put my penis in and pee into it
mainly because I was trying to break it
cuz that thing is fucking evil but
partly because when I did it he'd go
nom-nom-nom-nom-nom
and I'm into some really weird shit
Carolyn wants to know if you ever met
one of your haters in person what would
you say
actually Carolyn I have met a lot of my
haters in person oh you're talking about
YouTube haters oh yeah no I'm talking
about real-life haters but I haven't met
some of those two in person
the funny thing is when you meet a
YouTube hater in person they're really
nice to you and they're kind of scared
and they're like can I get a picture
myrrh and then later they'll tweak the
picture and be like just met Shane he's
such an asshole so in all honesty
usually haters are your biggest fans but
they're embarrassed to say they're a fan
so they
like they hate you kind of like my
parents let's move on Abby wants to know
if you hate the word epic so much then
why is it written on your glasses and
all over your YouTube and Facebook pages
I get this question a lot and the answer
is I don't know now I know the answer um
you know back when I made the picture of
the epic glasses I was making it making
fun of the word epic because I hated it
so much and it kind of became my thing
and you know I'm not gonna throw away my
thing
I mean I'll cut it off I've already done
that but I'm not gonna throw it away so
I shall be epic until the day I die
Carla wants to know what's the weirdest
thing you've ever shoved in your mouth
kale I don't understand it
Jade wants to know what would you do if
Lisa ever cheated on you I'd be like you
go girl no seriously you go girl into
the other room because I'm about to hit
it next we have a weird relationship
Laura wants to know apples or pineapples
mmm that's complicated I mean they're
both way too healthy for me pineapples
have more plusses I mean spongebob lives
in one if you eat a bunch it makes your
semen taste sweet if you eat the
pineapple that spongebob lives in it
makes your penis go so I'm gonna pee
with pineapples Jaden wants to know
what's your opinion on Jennifer
Lawrence's new haircut I think it makes
her look even more like sandy from
Sponge Bob and I like that and last but
not least Ryan wants to know Shane if
you were gay for a day what would you do
I feel like I've answered this question
before annoyed that was the question are
you gay
because I definitely answered that one
before mom if I always gave for a day
hmm I would definitely go to gay bars
because in real life I don't really have
self-esteem or confidence no girls ever
hit on me I kind of look like a walrus
and that's mainly because I'm always
shoving things in my mouth women who go
Wars I don't have great people skills
but one time I walked by a gay bar and
literally every gay dude that was over
300 pounds was hooting and hollering at
me I guess that makes me a cub or a bear
or a chinchilla I don't fucking know it
makes me really fuckable to them and it
was a great feeling so I would probably
go to a gay bar definitely rip off my
clothes let them feel my mass amounts of
body hair then I go to the gym and
listen to Lady Gaga on full volume and
not care who's listening or watching me
because that's something I can't do now
I would drive around unroll my windows
and Blair wrecking ball not giving a
fuck and I'd probably have to finally
clean my butt
think I've ever done that Wow being gay
sounds great yeah okay I'll do it
I love this song and I don't care who
knows that so there you guys go those
are other questions for today if you
want to ask me any more questions leave
them down there in the comments or you
can tweet them or Facebook them to me
with hashtag asked shape and by the way
make sure to check out my brand new main
Channel video if you haven't yet it is a
spoof of Justin Bieber's new 3d movie
believe and mine involves lots of pee
so get ready for that aren't you guys
something up blending would be I have
fun dating with you and I will see you
tomorrow bye honey
you better watch out cuz I won't work I
love you girl I will post so many
Instagram thanks girl you don't even
know it did yo yo Johnny D's on the last
Ernest any confusion nothing ever
happens
