hey welcome to bomb Con where we talk
about everything that's growing up on
the Internet
aren't you guys so excited okay
time kidding you know what you guys
aren't quite used to me
and that's fine we can let bygones be
bygones put all of the hate behind us
also I inputted your usernames into a
search database I stole from the FBI and
I'll have all of your addresses so that
text Cheney didn't forwards wasn't lying
a girl with no soul and coming to murder
you one man one song one chance to
change the world through the music of
Bon Jovi at Boston Celtics game one man
takes the opportunity of a lifetime
never said it was a good life time to
dance and sing his heart out on the
jumbotron
I can't say I've ever been to a Bon Jovi
concert but based on this I can only
imagine what goes on there and I mean I
thought when direction fangirls are
crazy
more than 10 One Direction fans required
first aid after passing out with
excitement yep
everyone's just crazy hmm
speaking of One Direction fan girls I
knew you guys really want to see Shane
and I understand that this is his second
channel you come here to see him not
necessarily me I couldn't get a hold of
him on skype do did that whole
restraining order thing but I was able
to use my FBI skills
I mean Instagram to hack into his webcam
I've never seen I was like they're
making another Harry Potter movie I
thought Voldemort was dead but nope
turns out Miley Cyrus has bleached your
eyebrows yo when you're famous it can be
kind of fun it's really even know I
never discover
Miley Cyrus you jerks you took away the
one point of focus we had remaining on
your face aside from your tongue do you
realize what you've done to us we're
going to have to look at your tongue
just looking at your tongue can give
someone a second hand hi bill recently
tweeted something that really made me
question my life and my life choices if
a girl is drunk is it okay to have sex
with her reply yes or no - at dr. Phil
hashtag teens accused I mean how do you
even know a girl is drunk when you are
tripping balls on benadryl Nicki Minaj
has also tweeted some surprisingly deep
music lately
go ah gwaan like them put in work
pussy guar now me I got dead Oh No ah
seems like Nicki Minaj must have gone to
a Broadway show and seen the beginning
Lion King did you Baba
this week on YouTube I learned that
grace Helbig of Daily Grace has a very
unique ability she can reach into the
minds of old people through photographs
and read their socks doing it was doing
I was it doing am i doing how and why
I'm also here I for one am very
impressed I have a hard enough time
communicating with elders when I can
speak with them although that may have
to do with the duct tape I keep around
their mouths and the lists of their
grandchildren's names I have written in
blood or maybe I'm just not psychic oh
noes thank you all for watching this
week's episode of bomb.com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our explosive
internet shrapnel you enjoyed the video
please give it a thumbs up and head on
over to knock on flesh Alexa chisel
check out my latest video where I teach
you how to be a miner at a girl holiday
party so good and now to Shane for the
question of the day hey guys I was just
you know sometimes I just play around
because I have no friends anyways here's
the question of the day I thought it'd
be fun to ask what celebrity do you
think would look good with no eyebrows
I'm gonna go with anybody but my alright
you guys hope you have fun with this
week song comm and I will see you
tomorrow and I'm sorry or scarring your
life with this love you I
