hey what's up you guys okay I know it's
Thursday you're very confused you're
like wait a minute you only play video
games on Fridays what day is it
I mean Rebecca Black told us that
Thursday comes before Friday and that
Saturday comes after Friday I'm confused
calm down children it is Thursday but
tomorrow I'm doing a special video with
Tyler Oakley so instead of playing a
game tomorrow we're gonna play one to
get today today sorry Tyler on the brain
so from the comments last time you guys
all wanted me to play something called
semi simian which sounds delicious
pretty sure I knew her in high school
and I'm pretty sure I cheated off her
homework so I'm excited all right here
we are I'm confused
there's lots of Chinese freighting and a
yellow thing with a crown pubic hair on
their head I'm gonna call her pube girl
cube Queen
whoo give Queen I like that hi hello
pube queen what it do smelling like
boo-boo first of all how does she
respond that fast second of all why am i
a crazy pale ass motherfucker with
armpit hair on my head I don't shoot a
few Queen and I'm the white ass arms and
here on the head away that is me honey
boo boo a little stuck-up girl she wears
a wig wait a minute how is it doing this
so fast oh my god I'm in a future how
are you typing so fast oh fuck oh yes
please bitch you dying oh the nasty
little thing cleverbot would never be
this trashy you are oh she knows do you
like Shane Dawson bit better as is huh
you do it's great I love it so much it
the fuck does that mean
it's a he yeah that's what I thought
it's just what I thought how big you you
think his penis is better not like a
future huh
hmm you're too smart but those should we
ask God like I'm talking to my mom maybe
is this you mom of course I know
everything about your mom is Xing Zhu
and you have an older brother monkey
oh girl that pubic hair is just too
tight cuz you done lost your mind no
that's not me your name is Cassandra
I'll call you oh girl no my name is Shan
my name is Jessa I'm the winner who
loves that awesome guy named Jim the
fuck talkin bout random stuff Earl you
need medic hey shit bitch are you asking
yet
Oh kind of freaky shit you into not much
sup with you
wait what I'm so confused what do you
think of artpop need to get a life oh
girl I didn't say you did
what about Miley yes get guns now and I
will get guns too oh girl you're trying
to get blue semi semi is trying to kill
somebody
that's why semi semi is my new BFF wanna
get matching ball tenses oh but tattoos
I have a University tattoo on my butt oh
I have a tattoo of solely from monsters
University on my butt BFF
alright one more question because I feel
like this relationship is moving a
little too fast we need to slow it down
send me send me since send me how the
fuck you say that what would we do on
our first date we will fuck so hard you
won't be able to walk well I'm done okay
now one more question because I feel
like it's that's just I need let's tone
this down you need Jesus
you had him where go follow waiting to
tomorrow to end on Instagram she
problems back and get shot be so remote
yo shit the fuck like that
sorry boo I'm gonna go
cuz I'm done with y'all nasty crashes I
know cactus expert but I see a prick ooh
oh I see now you're trying to make jokes
oh well you know what yo mama is so bad
I don't know any jokes I'm so sorry I'm
gonna fat that Dora needs a GPS to go
around dad don't go better jokes than me
semi that's it I'm done
oh my god it was terrifying who is this
whoever it is is a genius and could be
the devil well there you go question of
the day what game should I play next
please not this one again because I am
terrified all right you guys hope you
have fun eh with me i offending with you
and also you tomorrow but Tyler Oakley
and I love you I'm terrified I don't
know what to do right now I'm gonna go
vomit bye I am on the set right now my
new Christmas music video it's going to
be coming out in December and I am
playing a movie theater employee who
just stepped into a Christmas wonderland
after doing drugs I'm assuming
