hey what's up you guys I am on the set
right now my new Christmas music video
it's going to be coming out in December
and I am playing a movie theater
employee who just stepped into a
Christmas wonderland after doing drugs
I'm assuming we have my gingerbread man
out there he is and then we have my
snowman oh wait up there he is
he's my twerking snowman oh yeah
twerking am snowballs yeah and then we
also we got my sexy mrs. Claus oh hey
you were just telling me about your
sexual desires well and I don't know how
to come out and say this to you but I do
a little bit of a crush on you oh wow
like how little they cannot or like that
hmm
that's exactly my size seriously oh my
god that's perfect
when we get finished here later what are
you doing I'm showing you my crotch your
crush ah honestly can that way I'm not a
cougar I'm really not
you're a tigress oh I like that Tigers
here how uncomfortable are you that Sam
is here both of us right she's in the
corner corner terrified that's the name
of our band not buying that CD I'm not
even illegally downloading on Syria hey
guys I'm playing a movie theater
attended today this is my popcorn
machine these are all my candies this is
my a let's be honest is an ass well an F
in da oh hey what and this is my weird
lady with snake boobs kind of theater is
this yeah a porn theater Oh perfect it
looks like Yugi Amish from the building
what happens when you work for me now
your your your fans which wouldn't know
it as Snoopy dances right no oh yeah it
is do do do do do okay oh God Snoopy
would have done it I can almost see your
pee-pee if you download my penis my
underwears called me undies calm and it
makes my junk look huge you're not
getting paid by their mighty keep
talking
I want ice mother underwear because like
my cook is is being coddled by God's
hand and he just gives you like 30 more
inches on your penis Wow well we're not
getting paid by them but if you hear
this what did they go Mia needs to send
Ryan some underwear I don't want any
because my penis is already 13 inches
big and you go we got fake snow some got
my mouth just holy what do you think all
these gang signs me I feel like that one
means good luck on your Christmas video
Jenna cannot wait thumbs up just filming
some prostitutes getting arrested yeah
just a normal day from me Lauren just
got here she's searching the craft
services looking for more food to eat Oh
what does that do is that homeless oh oh
is it kebabs falafels
you look like Gollum terrified you see
the prostitutes getting arrested Oh
friends exactly pretend like you didn't
order them but it what come to this food
of you eatin mmm
I already had much and then I just
thought there was a lot left and I just
hate wasting so a lot of it it's the
answer to the question how people get
fat for the holidays like it's not even
a holidays yet we're just pretending
like it's the holiday so we're just
gonna ignore the Reese's give me your
coat you a belt I'm fine I go to the gym
you're just gonna ignore it okay I just
wanted to know what we were doing I
allow myself to pieces of candy a day a
day yeah Wow
I mean I throw everything else up
somebody's just as you stand in front of
the appropriate dessert lab which is
what I call your stock we hey what's up
you guys
I'm home corny hi I'm pain medication
cuz she had her little herpes taken off
of her lip I know today seemed like it
was one day but it was actually two days
we were filming that music video for two
days and I'm finally back home whoa whoa
and filming the video was so much fun we
were working with Ben this guy who
directed all my other music videos the
vacation song in the last Christmas
video and he looks just like my father
if I had a father that's confusing maybe
he's a sperm donor maybe he is my father
whatever all I know is he has beautiful
hair and he's who I want to be when I
grow up wow this just got sad let's move
on yeah but I'm really excited the music
video comes out December 6 and it's
really different than last year's it's
it's a lot funnier but it's also the
message is different you know last year
was about having a shitty Christmas and
wishing that you could have a good one
and this is a little bit more
inspirational because it's like even if
you have a bad Christmas or if you have
a shitty life try to imagine your way
out of it try to get into a better
mental place that's what this video is
about so I'm excited and I love the song
I think it's way better than last year's
it's a lot more fun and you know and I'm
excited I think you guys are going to
like it and I'm nervous yeah so question
of the day what is your favorite thing
about the holidays mine ooh
eggnog ooh girl Oh
eggnog so thick it's so thick and juicy
and creamy there's little specks of
darkness in it the way it just slides
down my throat and fills my stomach with
one sip and then comes up to my throat
and makes me want to vomit if I drink
the whole Cup sorry I need a minute okay
yes eggnog is my favorite leave your
comments let me know I'm really tired so
I'm gonna go to bed goodnight oh wait I
should play you guys a snippet of the
song cuz you haven't heard it yet it's
give you guys a little sneak peak at
this time I mean you got a sneak peak of
the video why not going to pick up a
song alright alright so that's a little
part of the beginning let's go to the
fun part alright and here's just the
beginning of the course I'm nervous I'm
excited
this
Oh God I gave too much I gave you the
whole chorus I'm sorry I'm sorry I
couldn't help it
CS the song is called this Christmas
life and it'll be done - seven six all
right I'm gonna go corny wants me to
come play with her so I'm going to she
also just got done raping a squirrel
laughs guys know
