huh you guys wanted this the complete
works of shade yaa part 2 before we get
into the torture that is my life I just
want to let you guys know that there's a
brand new episode of my podcast out
right now with special guest Tyler
Oakley and we talked about One Direction
Lady gaga and him being gay and me being
questionable League a check that out
I'll put the links right down there now
on to the torture so a couple weeks ago
I made a video where I looked at my old
fat videos and cringed and you guys
couldn't get enough so here we go
there's more videos on here I think I
only show three less time and there's a
lot more where that came from
fat pun intended no okay let's do I
don't think I did this one society
trackers I believe this was a project
for history class which means it's going
to be racist society didn't care about
copyright back then they're very excited
it says immigration I think I read the
police yeah let's go oh god oh god I'm
already horrified is it bad that my hair
looks exactly the same
let's go
I guess the joke was that I was too fat
to run so I fell yeah I guess I just
kind of funny factory life this is gonna
be good what why do all my videos have
slapping women I think I was working
through some childhood problems alright
let's try and wrap I'm sure that's gonna
be great
look at those good graphics oh my god
TRL you guys don't know what this is
I'll explain later
first of all lettuces let me just
dissect this
so there is an undershirt to catch the
sweat and then a target shirt with Homer
Simpson on it and then a plaid button-up
shirt because two layers is an MS and I
kind of have the haircut of a st.
Bernard this is what you call virgin Oh
God so in class we had to do a music
video about two newspapers in the 1920s
or something of course I decided to do I
don't even know where to start I don't
know if I start with the chinchilla hat
with the five extra large sweatshirt I
got at Walmart or with the weird
ponytail I have because I guess that's
gangster I think this is me being like
and I'm done oh look at that bad robot
Oh
you know my friends laughing at me
laughing to the fat fuck falling down to
the chinchilla hat with a side pony
that's a fucked up shit somebody go ten
years into the past and send me to Jenny
Craig alright this one is called
makeover I believe this was my attempt
at making a reality show out of my
boring life it got cancelled after one
episode I was obsessed with this song
okay let me break down what's happening
right now so this was my friend Becky
who was kind of like my not girlfriend
but girlfriend because I think she
thought I was gay she was the Janice to
my fat guy whatever his name was and
this was my lesbian friend Kelly who had
never put on a dress before and had
never taken off her combat boots
so I think we were trying to give her
makeover oh my god my mom oh my god my
mom I can't hear anything and I don't
know what's going on but I'm assuming
we're buying food because I was obsessed
with oh my god we're taking a short
duration from Coach makeover finish it
for right now we're looking for my why
is talking pick up a whore you're scary
enough you don't need a horror movie
voice oh oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god so as payback forgiving her
shitty makeover they decided to
straighten my fat ass hair this is the
first time I had ever had my hair
straightened oh my god Rochelle dama oh
my god shave your head shave your head
now that's what started at all that
bitch straight my hair and created a
monster
you have heard a thing for this I think
that's enough torture for me for another
day but don't worry I have hundreds more
videos where that came from hundreds
more hours of pain it's a question of
the day would you be friends with fat
Shane and if you were what would your
nickname for him be like would it be
Kentucky Fried Shane taco fat Drake Bell
Shane has never been in a box let me
know down in the comments below hope you
guys have fun hang with me I had a
terrible time today and I will see you
tomorrow and remember to go check out
the podcast with Tyler Oakley I will put
the link down there it is soundcloud.com
slash Shane and friends and just let's
just cover that dear Lord
I need two hands I need my whole body
there we go
it's covered it never happened see you
guys later there's so many questions
that I haven't answered like how big is
my penis
oh no I answer that one how many things
gonna fit in my butt no way I answer
that one what are my thoughts on Miley
Cyrus no I don't think I've answered
that one oh wait I've answered that one
a million times
