I shade on Monday
hey what's up you guys I know what
you're thinking yes I'm a 25 year old
grown man and I'm never gonna grow up I
need therapy so I know some of you guys
were like so mad that I didn't do Nass
Shane last week because there's so many
questions that I haven't answered like
how big is my penis
oh no I answer that one how many things
gonna fit in my butt no wait I answer
that one what are my thoughts on Miley
Cyrus no I don't think I've answered
that one oh wait I've answered that one
a million times so yes obviously I've
answered every question known to man so
today I'm going to try to find the most
weird fucked-up insane questions that I
have not answered it's gonna be the
hardest thing I've ever done and I
listen to Britney Spears song perfume
from beginning to end oh that was hard
all right here we go mark wants to know
what is the type of anal beads you like
to use Oh mark anal beads are expensive
I just use my fists Zack wants to know
why is it that when I cry lasers come
out of my butt I don't know usually when
I'm crying it's because things are going
in my butt daddy issues Ally wants to
know what flavors your earwax I've never
tasted my earwax but let's give it a try
today's all about trying new things
maybe I'll do a video without a penis
joke now that's not going to happen oh
it's been a while
ooh smells horrible
tastes like my jizz tabatha wants to
know if your book have a tragic ending
what would the ending be isn't the
ending of Twilight Kristen Stewart ends
up with the guy yeah that's terrible
I wouldn't want that ending Isaac wants
to know have you forgotten shot with a
paintball gun no I'm actually terrified
of paintball guns I don't know why
anybody thinks it would be fun to run
around a cornfield and have your friends
shoot at you that's like saying hey guys
let's go swimming and stab each other
although that actually does sound kind
of fun Margo hall oh god Hank wants to
know what animal turns you on well let's
just say this isn't the first time I've
been inside of a dog before help me
David wants to know Shane why did you
stop making Sheneneh and friend episode
videos well David first of all I can
tell you're a big fan cuz it's not
called Sinead friends and they're not
video episodes
it's called Shane and Friends and I
didn't stop making that I just made one
thanks for watching Jackie wants to know
what do you think you'll be doing in 20
years
not this Hayley wants to know can you
recite a scene from Drake and Josh Oh
Hayley like you think I just know every
single word of every single episode and
I can just stop everything and start
reciting it yes I can hey Josh guess
what I got you Oh No did you poop in my
bed again because I just cleaned that up
brah no Josh I got you tickets to see
Oprah oh my god thanks brother no
problem brother hey where'd the tickets
go if I don't get to see Oprah then
nobody gets to see Oprah ah I'm a 25
year old man and last but not least Amy
wants to know Shane are you gonna quit
YouTube now that you're doing stuff
outside of YouTube here's the deal no
I'm never gonna quit YouTube I'm gonna
keep doing YouTube until you guys quit
me but assemble in the future I mean I'm
probably going to get busy and I might
not be able to do daily videos but I
still want to do weekly videos but until
then Here I am in a dog costume and I'm
not quitting yet so don't quit me okay
nothing else all I need is you and
drinking Josh I need them too so there
you guys go those are other questions
for today if you want to ask me more
shit leave me some comments down in the
comments
um and that's it I love you guys hope
you have fun hang with me I'm fighting
with you and I'll see you tomorrow I'm
gonna go take off this dog costume you
my desire to see other people's pain was
fulfilled good thing it happened before
my parents got home am i right
