however let's it be guys I look
beautiful
that's a lie no I don't so today I want
to talk to you guys really quick about
something I wasn't gonna make a video
today I mean god this is the second
video that up today I wasn't gonna make
a video because I didn't think I needed
to but now after reading some comments I
think I need to what am I talking about
you mean we're talking about us talking
about sex
now we're not oh god oh god no we're not
so a lot of the comments on today's
bomb.com episode or like you know oh we
hate this or why are you doing this or
we don't like this I'm gonna unsubscribe
because I didn't subscribe to see this
first of all I was thinking oh you know
I'm gonna keep doing my Monday through
Friday videos because you guys want
those and because they were they're fun
and because you know whatever so I put
bomb.com on on a Sunday because I'm like
you know what let's do it on Sundays
because Sunday's are it's like an extra
day if you don't like it then don't
watch it's just an extra video well
seems like that concept is a little too
confusing for people because some of the
comments are very angry saying like I
don't I'm gonna unsubscribe because I
don't want to see this
cuz I just want to see you put on a wig
which listen I totally understand mom no
I totally understand
but I don't understand because it's an
extra video don't watch it if you don't
like it obviously people like it because
the last bomb.com episode got like
50,000 thumbs up and like half a million
views and whatever so obviously there's
people that like it so I'm gonna keep
making it
it'll be on Sunday so if you don't like
it don't come on Sunday and go watch
easy as that but I wanted to explain a
little bit more of why I'm why I'm doing
it
you know I'm just gonna be totally real
and honest you I feel like I've been
real and honest with you for the last
seven years so I want to keep being real
and honest with you I've had a boob job
that is a lie I'm not being honest let's
keep it real guys in about ten years
when I'm 35 probably won't be doing
YouTube if I was doing YouTube it would
probably be creepy I don't think I
want to do that hopefully I'm just
directing at that point and and I was
you know sitting down thinking about it
I'm like what is gonna happen to my
youtube channel in ten years like what
is I don't want it to be nothing I want
people to still watch it but what are
they watching are they just watching my
old videos or am i making something new
so I started thinking I'm like you know
maybe in ten years I'll just be
directing the videos and they'll be
starring other people I'll have web
series starring young and up-and-coming
funny people and I'll have shows that
I'm not in but I'm directing and writing
and just thinking bigger
you know like turning my channel into
like a Comedy Central or an mtv or you
know something good though
so this bomb.com thing was kind of like
one of those you know let's test it out
I was like you know I have this idea for
this show I found this girl's fucking
amazing and she edits and writes and
directs does everything herself Mike
let's work together and come up with
this thing and you know what if it works
it works if it doesn't it doesn't I
think it works I think it's funny I like
it
and I put it up on my channel because
I'm like you know what I just want to
see what the reaction is and I'm gonna
be honest I'm a little I'm a little
upset and sad because a lot of the
comments are saying that they don't
think it's funny or they don't like it
and that's totally fine
but a lot of the comments are like shame
we don't want to see anything different
like this Shane we don't want this on
your channel Shane we subscribe to see
you putting on wigs Shane we subscribe
to see you doing challenges and it's
just scary because I'm like does that
mean that if I do anything different you
guys aren't going to support it
like let's be honest guys the show on
NBC if it gets made it's not gonna be
this it's gonna be a lot different it's
not gonna feel like this so does that
mean you're not gonna support it because
if you don't support it then that shit's
gonna get cancelled and that's gonna
suck you know if I direct a movie and
it's a little bit different are you guys
not gonna like it because it's a little
bit different it's it's just a little
hard because I don't want to get stuck
in a box you know like I want to want to
branch out so just wanna make an honest
on this video telling you guys why I'm
doing bob.com and who knows it might end
my
keep going whatever but either way it's
on Sundays so if you don't like it don't
watch and and you know eventually the
future I'm gonna have other stuff that
maybe you don't like that isn't gonna
have me in it and I'm just gonna be
trying it out and I'd appreciate your
support and just you know not being
assholes about it and not going to
Alexis's channel and calling your bitch
because you don't like like just stop
like my you guys are too cool for that
and you guys are not little fucking
bitches so please stop doing that
because it's just it makes you look like
other fan bases I'm not naming names but
it makes you look like that and we're
too cool for that are corny agrees so
question of the day I love you there's
no question just a statement and and I
hope you guys support me and I hope that
I keep making videos that you like and
if I don't make videos you that you
don't like then I hope that you come
back the next day and watch something
hopefully you like so I'm gonna go I
love you guys and I'm gonna go take a
shower that's also a lie thought I was
gonna be honest
