guys guess what we just in a box with
Christian Eliza Andrew outfit I love
this druid looks really sexy really
little belly
we talk about sex we talked about
dragging youtubers and we talked about
burping it was a lot of fun do you guys
enjoy it I had a great time check out
this hey what's up you guys yes welcome
back to another conspiracy theory video
now today's video we're going to be
talking about a lot of different types
of conspiracies some involving TV shows
the Illuminati and even whether or not
mermaids exist so let's start with TV
show now there's probably theories about
all of your favorite shows I mean we
talked about hidden symbols inside of
cartoons we talked about subliminal
messaging and kid shows and we've even
talked about the overall theory that TV
was made to distract us from what was
really going on but sometimes use your
theory that's so mind-blowing you
literally have to stop what you're doing
and just process it for like an hour and
that brings us to our first theory which
is about the show friends so obviously
friends is one of the most popular shows
of all time I've seen every single
episode literally 100 times and recently
everyone was talking about this theory
online and it went super violent now
what sparked this theory was this
picture check it out now as you can see
this is the DVD boxset of the fourth
season of friends do you notice anything
weird about it that's right when you
really look at it you notice that rachel
is the only one looking at the camera
while everyone else is asleep now
there's a lot of theories about why
she's the only one looking at the camera
some of them are that this entire show
was just a dream and the reason she's
looking at the camera is because the
whole show has been in front of her POV
and everyone else is just now obviously
that's dominant I don't believe that
looking into it and there's been some
very intense scary theories about brands
that I did not know exist and the
scariest one is that this entire world
of friends is all inside the feasts yes
Phoebe my favorite character mainly
because she's the greatest
I mean her mom killed herself she lived
on the street when she was a kid she
probably believed in conspiracy theories
I mean she was just as crazy as me so
the theory is that maybe Phoebe never
got her life together
maybe she stayed living on the streets
maybe she continued to do drugs
in an earlier episode she talked about
sleeping outside the coffee shop when
she was a kid well what if she stayed
there what if she had been living on the
streets outside of the coffee shop my
entire life and what if she laid there
scared inside of the Central Perk window
and created an entire world inside of
her head what if she thought five cool
interesting people sitting on a couch
and wish that she's a part of their crew
what if she saw them having
conversations in that coffee shop and
closed her eyes and put herself into
emelita because when you think about it
Phoebe never really fit with the rest of
the game she was the weird when she was
saying crazy things they were always
looking at her like she was on another
planet and what if she was what if she
was always outside daydreaming about
what it would be like to have well it is
so creepy to me because it makes sense
well this theory started to go viral and
the person who created it said this what
if the series ended with the friends
walking past TV on the street I'm
referring to her as the crazy lady who
always stares at us and then Phoebe
would open her eyes and look up at them
and imagine herself walking now the
co-creator of the show friends Marta
Kauffman heard about this rumor and she
did this that's the saddest thing I've
ever heard no I never heard that as a
terrible theory
that's insane now she did say was
fascinating that somebody came up with
this but she said it was not but I dare
you to go back to watching friends now
and try not to
now there's some theories about shows
that are too dark to even talk about I
mean a lot of you guys want me to talk
about 13 reasons why conspiracies and I
don't even want to like go there I mean
there is a really dark theory that that
show is created to put the idea of
suicide into young people's mind which
is so fucking dark and I definitely hope
that's not real and I definitely don't
believe that but that is a theory but
maybe at some point I'll do a whole
video devoted to that but it just dark
but moving away from the darker stuff
this next thing isn't even a theory it's
real and it's fucking blew my mind
now what if my favorite shows every year
is RuPaul's Drag Race so this shows
about a bunch of drag queens that are
competing against each other to win the
title and the grand finale is always
super ethnic and super big and it's
taken in front of a live audience but
then the moment happens where somebody
wins and it feels weird it almost
doesn't feel exciting and kind of feels
fake but nobody really cries nobody
screaming and excitement they're all
just kind of like smiling and then the
show's over well the reason why that
happens is because the ending is so at
the end of the finale in front of the
live audience they film three different
endings that's right they literally film
a fake win for all three drag queen now
the reason they do that is because they
don't want the people in the audience to
leak the information online so as a live
taping of the grand finale nobody wins
the drag queens find out if they won or
not the same time meet so they basically
take one of the winds and they edit it
in and that's the person in one so
here's a clip of the final three drag
queens of season seven watching the
moment that violet chachki America's
next drag superstar
I know fucking weird right like when you
watch the show and she wins and they put
the crown on her and she's all excited
but it's not real
and can you imagine how mentally and
emotionally fucked up edit like it has
to pretend to win well now that you know
that go back and watch the endings of
the finale it's so fucking weird like it
just feels really uncomfortable and like
awkward but it makes you think it that's
fake
what else is fake on TV literally
probably everything okay so that was a
fun Gary but we're going to move on to
something we're going to be talking
about the recent death of a rapper named
prodigy
now prodigies real name was Albert jumps
and he was a part of the rap duo mob he
died on June 20th of this year and the
reason for death was a little confusing
but I'll get to that first let's talk
about what prodigy was most passionate
about spreading the word I'd be
Illuminati I can 95 was the first time I
heard about Illuminati now he talked
about the Illuminati and pretty much
every interview he did and he would go
married is a group that was a formed
like in the 1700s something like that
1600s was do Nate Adam Weiss help he
started this group of people like
powerful rich people that basically
shape popular opinion and the way you
know the world is going to move forward
now we talked about the Illuminati in
the music industry a lot and the
theories are that the consonant genies
and Taylor Swift pretty much everybody
that's popular are assumed to be I mean
they not they even referenced in her
songs hey guys funny with that no not in
men now clearly she's referencing it as
a joke or is she just putting it out
there being like I'm not in it but
really she's coming but prodigy believes
she's not
I seriously doubt that he down with this
illegal people that brunch shit like
like four more days and fucking from
compare d-day
before now much money yeah it wasn't
real that's a powerful these people
although I'm saying I know it's pretty
crazy here and talking about these
things so open but I found tons of him
just openly talking about his thoughts
his fears and he knew so much basically
what we talked about right now is
Illuminati I'm saying and I'm gonna tell
you what it means to me the name of
loominatee means radially enlightened
ones you know something as my else
doesn't know mostly their agenda is
population control mind control you're
being manipulated we all be in
manipulating them saying this year
project was working on a musical called
the Illuminati ball one of his
co-workers said this the one thing
they're planning on doing was musical
about the Illuminati and how the
obsession with the Illuminati
infiltrated people's opinions of hip-hop
well while he was working on creating
the Illuminati ball prodigy no time now
this is where it gets a little confusing
now prodigy was sick for years he had
chronic sickle cell anemia and he had
been battling it for decades while he
was in the hospital getting treatment
for it and he died and most people
assume that he died because of the
illness but after the hot tub he came
out now once again this is a theory and
nothing has been completely confirmed
not gonna get sued but a very valuable
source claims that the autopsy will say
he died of accidental asphyxiation which
means that there was something lodged in
his windpipe that caused him to choke to
death now TMZ claims that she choked on
an egg but the family will not confirm
whatever now it's going to take several
months for the autopsy to happen and for
us to find out the truth but it is kind
of
Deary he literally was writing and
creating the Illuminati all and then he
dies in the hospital of choking on an
egg and this isn't the first time the
theorists have claimed that the
Illuminati has killed somebody for
talking too much I mean there's theories
that Tupac and Michael Jackson both were
killed because they knew too much and
they wanted it out now there's a video
out there that started going viral and
I'm not going to claim whether or not I
think it's real but it definitely is
this is a video of a man who claims to
have worked for the government and who
knows I'm showing my face and that will
reveal my name for my own protection
so something were to happen to me you
know it was not an accident
I know the whole tone of this video is
varied just watch my name is Robert
Connors and I have served with the
Department of Defense for over 20 years
in March of 1994 I was brought in as
director of communications for a project
called Operation Sedgwick
listen if he starts to go into detail
about why he targeted hip-hop its focus
and sole purpose was the control of the
African American population and urban
youth through music now listen as he
starts to get more specific and brings
an artist from the first degree murder
of the same parish crooks also known as
Tupac Shakur to the evidence of
influence of entities well beyond the
speck of government beyond this world
will be revealed in these tapes now he
also plays a portion of a phone call
that supposedly happened the night
before Michael Jackson now once again
this might be fake I'm not saying it's
real but either way Sperry
English he could be now we talked about
Michael Jackson's death before and the
fact that there's a lot of holes in the
story I mean even his own daughter Paris
who I personally know so I feel okay
talking about this even she has pride
she says there's way more this story
than anybody knows and that there's a
lot of different hands now I don't know
if she's referencing the Illuminati or
that but even if this video and that
phone call are real I don't think it's
too far from the truth and hopefully in
a few months when we find out how
prodigy actually died from the autopsy
we'll get some more truth okay now let's
talk about something I saw it in my
email that kind of blew my mind a viewer
named Chris Rodriguez sent me this and
it was a screenshot from the movie John
Tucker Must Die now this movie was in
2006 okay just remember now here is a
picture from the movie tell me if you
notice anything weird yeah the guy is
wearing cordless white iPhone headphones
in tears and this is in 2006 those did
not exist so how would he have cordless
headphone in 2006
I don't know now we've talked about this
a lot before I love photos like this
like there's a really old picture of
some guy in the back of like a silent
movie holding what looks like a cell
phone I mean there's tons of pictures
out there that have suggested that maybe
time travel exists but I never thought
I'd see in beyond Tucker Must Die
alright now this last theory we're going
to talk about sounds fun
but the more you think about it
here it is and that is the theory that
mermaids exist now mermaids have been a
pop culture forever I mean they've been
a TV shows and Disney movies but they've
been around for even longer than that I
mean there's literally cave drawings of
what look like mermaids now the theory
that they might exist really blew up
because of a documentary that came out
on an animal
now this documentary was called mermaids
the bodies found here's a clip from that
documentary
okay so obviously that is not real and
people for some reason thought it was
this was a mockumentary which means the
state documentary but it definitely made
people start thinking what if they do
exist and there's been tons of proof
throughout the years nothing like I mean
here's a picture that somebody took
where you can see what looks like a
mermaid on now that probably is fake but
still it looks pretty good
then you have this famous picture of a
man standing next to what looks like a
huge mermaids and it's creepy picture
that looks like the body of a mermaid
that washed up on shore I mean there's
even a video that people claim is a
bunch of mermaids swimming together
now the person who originally uploaded
that video called it dolphins swimming
so they didn't actually think it was
mermaids but honestly when I thought I
was like those are fucking mermaid I
mean the arms moving the fin now once
again all of that evidence might be fake
but let's talk about the facts and the
fact is that 70% of the earth is water
and we've literally only researched and
seeing five percent of it that's right
95 percent of the ocean in the world has
been unexplored so that means there's
probably so much that we don't know
about so many sea creatures that we
can't even comprehend
I mean imagine going so far under the
water
you're like in complete blackness no
human could breathe down there no
fucking fish to breathe down there the
only thing that could stay alive down
there is what we probably look like a
fucking monster and we'll never know
because we can't have that deep to find
it so the idea remains existing might
not be so crazy I mean there's been
plenty of conspiracy theories about the
ocean I mean people believe in the Loch
Ness monster people believe in La
Llorona and some people even believe
that there's an entire world under the
water where a bunch of underwater people
live well there's a youtuber named
Kendall Rae who made a whole video about
the theory of mirmix that I found very
interesting so she's a youtuber that
does a lot of conspiracy theory videos
similar to mine and she does a lot of
creepy videos so I thought I would
interview her about her thoughts whether
or not okay guys I am here with Kendall
Rae we are going to be talking about
summer be at army okay so I was watching
one of your videos and you're talking
about something called the aquatic ape
theory and you explain what that is it's
like in evolution a type of monkey or
some monkeys on one part of the globe
had an environment that was mainly
wanted because as you know over time the
earth changed a ton and the elements
could have been completely different
so it basically things that we have in
aquatic phase and that certain groups of
monkeys future humans had to adapt to
this way of life had to adapt for
survival I mean some make sense to me I
mean if you think about it
monkeys were raised I said in the
wilderness they had to like evolve to
that which is what we are doing
hunters and stuff sled if they were
raised in the water than they would over
time get scales and get fins and learn
how to stay underwater for a long time
so if there's still monkeys around and
they're microbeads
lemmings burrow Jesus I guess there
could be married yes well in your video
you also talked about famous people
through history that have mentioned
seeing mermaids or believing in mermaids
do you remember a few of those yeah
Christopher Columbus wrote about
mermaids in his journal and he wrote
about the mermaid I saw having like
green hair and just this beautiful woman
also I mean Shakespeare talked about
mermaids in his claim well John Smith
Pocahontas John Smith would yeah he said
that he saw mermaid so then do you
personally as a conspiracy theorists
believe that mermaid business ah no I
don't know I think it'd be really cool
to be honest it's probably one of the
ones I believe in the least but I need
some good evidence like the facts the
Perlas thing is huge thing because that
just makes us be able to streamline
better through water we clearly built
fort you look at dolphins and whales and
they have the same type of texture on
this and they don't like really fat like
humans in general or just have a ton of
fat from her enough you know to keep us
warm to help you slow and like with
babies when you throw them into a water
like newborn babies they stay swim like
right away really weird we sit like
newborn babies right out of the womb you
think about it they're in there in water
when they're in there mom thanks come
out and in some cultures they straight
just throw them in the water and hope
that they can plan and they do there's
like look at up their videos or babies
just forming inner happy oh my insert
footage here
good Josh okay and then the fact that we
have a spine that's flexible so we can
like doot we can create similar movement
that's why when you know when we do like
like the butterfly strips have that
theme
you know I mean you're just convincing
me more that they exist more than
wrinkly skin you know how when you're in
the water and your fingers like wrinkled
up like raisins they have actually done
Studies on that and found that it's
easier to pick something up under water
if your hands are like that so what
you're saying is if they do exist
mermaids are probably creepy ape looking
wrinkly old babies that only could be
100 percent well thank you for evidence
and convincingly even more that mermaids
exist okay well guys if you want to see
more of her conspiracy theory videos and
other creepy videos she does go to her
channel subscribe check it out send some
love kondal ray thank you for conspiring
with me absolutely at any time whatever
you guys go hopefully you enjoyed all
the conspiracy theories today if you
want me to do more conspiracy theory the
needles give me a thumbs up so I know
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and hit the
North detection Bell because I make new
videos and go over to Kendall's channel
subscribe and check out her latest video
where she talks about child killer and
if you want to see all my other
conspiracy videos I've done shit ton of
them I will put a link to a playlist
right up top of the description below
guys keep your eyes open and if I for
some reason die of a random death please
investigate because
hi
you
