taking pics for Instagram photoshopping
the shit out of me this ride uh we're
doing this again really I have to do
this uh you want me to pretend to like
them okay hey what's up you guys I'm so
excited to see you oh uh hey what's up
you guys uh I don't know about you but
I'm super over YouTube and I'm super
over going to house parties and having
sex with strange guys okay I'm just over
YouTube I'm still into the other one
speaking of which it probably explains
this weird herpes I just got on my lip
like cereal what the hell is that I hope
it's not contagious because I totally
gave it to every single guy that house
party then oops so I looked at some of
the comments in the video and you guys
wanted me to talk about how long I
didn't look at any of the comments I'm
just gonna talk about whatever the fuck
I want to talk about especially the
concept of black matter I mean are we
alone in the world are we really
sometimes I feel so alone in the world I
think I am black matter sometimes I wish
I could get sucked into a black hole
inside anyways let's talk more about
parties my favorite kind of parties are
sex toy parties if you losers don't know
what that is just ask your mom cuz she's
probably been to one that fucking whore
ah but I guess I'll explain it anyways
it's basically a party where you go and
like a bunch of people sell you sex toys
and you say which ones you want and then
you pick out the ones you like and then
try them out for an all your friends do
you guys want to see mine cuz I have
like a whole box of them probably more
than your fucking whore mom here they
are
I call it my box full of pleasure
treasures which one should I show you
first if you're in a bondage that's a
good one if you're into pretending to
have sex with dead things this is a good
one is that that I'll be making you
horny I bet it is you freak this one's
my favorite my goal is to fuck it till
it dies sometimes I want to die
sometimes I close my eyes and think
about what life would be like if I
wasn't even here then I get really
confused cuz I'm like I don't know what
would life be like if I wasn't here like
would it just be total blackness would I
be anywhere would I be in space would I
be in heaven I don't know where would be
and then I get super depressed about it
I don't know what my future holds
I'm scared anyways back to sex toys I
like that sex with this one because it's
like having sex with myself I also like
this amputated arm I'm into some weird
shit I don't know why this is here this
is Shane's waistband from his underwear
from the looks of this he's into some
really weird shit I think this is
Shane's too and I think it's about plug
anyways and that's all my sex toys let's
talk more about you I'm just
I didn't give a fuck about you let's
talk more about me even though I don't
really know who me is anymore
sometimes I wonder like it's me me or is
me you or it's me a dog or is me a human
I don't know what me is maybe one day
I'll figure that out until then I'll
just keep talking to a camera and
ignoring my problem vlogging is fun want
you to draw me like one of your french
girls Jack you're blushing
that was a Titanic reference and if you
didn't get it then you're fucking idiot
speaking of idiots let's talk about
Miley Cyrus I'm just kidding she's not
an idiot she's my fucking queen she
rolls around on the floor naked and gets
abused by your dad it's like she's me no
but seriously it's talked more about her
I just don't understand this whole
twerking thing I mean when did having a
seizure become a dance move I would try
to show you what I'm talking about but I
mean I'm just so comfortable like this
ah fine I'll show you uh so basically
this is what's working is so first you
squeeze your ass stop faffing in my ass
you nasty no I'm just kidding you could
totally zap to it and then you just do
this see what I'm doing just like that
isn't it sexy as hell so fucking hot I
mean just try to squeeze at a dump ah ah
ah oh my god it's so fucking hot
up here comes the hot shit here it comes
here it comes oh my god oh my god oh I'm
not going to show you my shit but I'm
just gonna tell you it's a lot Oh
oh it smells so good oh my god it smells
beautiful
Oh twerking it's just too much work it's
too much twerk Oh get it I'm making puns
oh my god I just want to die so there
you guys go those are my thoughts on sex
poison twerking hope you enjoyed it if
you have a cure for my herpes you let me
know down in the comments because it's
just not going away
also let me know what you want me to
talk about next week cuz I probably
won't read the comments and probably
won't talk about it ah excuse me see you
fat ugly whores later bye do you want to
see me take a shit on his head cuz we'll
do it I'm gonna take a shit on his head
she's gonna take a shit I'm gonna take a
jump out his head do you wanna see it
