hey what's up you guys Oh Lord I look
terrible nope that's worse
okay Oh No anybody got a plastic surgeon
available good lord
hi um so I wasn't going to make a video
but I'm feeling very emotional and you
know what fuck it I want to make a video
not because I want to brag or because
whatever I just kind of want to have
this to look back on when I'm an old
person playing with myself um so I don't
know if you guys have heard because I've
been tweeting about it and stuff but I
have as I told you guys have two big
announcements for this year and my first
announcement I finally got to talk about
today I'm a crying out of North so
excited um I sold my TV show to NBC like
NBC like I grow like friends like like
grow my friends my friends I mean listen
there's still a lot of steps
I know television is very confusing it's
still very confusing to me this has been
a long process
we've been pitching this thing for a
while and you know we still have to make
a pilot we still have that there's a lot
that has to be done so it's not like
you're going to turn on TV tomorrow and
I'm going to be corrected it might never
happen it might happen whatever all that
matters is I I sold a show to NBC so now
even if it doesn't happen I can still
say I'm not just that guy that puts on
wigs on the Internet I actually sold a
showed it to television this is and it's
all because of you guys and it's all
because you guys believed in me and you
know you guys have been watching and
supporting me and allowing me to make my
weird videos and and you know and one of
my first videos was me talking about
being fired from Jenny Craig and it was
one of the hardest things that has ever
happened to me and you know my mom got
fired my brother got fired all because
of the video I made and I went to a
serious depression over it and I really
decided to start doing YouTube after
that and I said you know what I'm going
to make YouTube my goal and my mission
and hopefully this could turn into
something they
and fuck Jenny Craig those assholes and
now seven years later maybe said yeah
think seven years later I just old TV
show based on my life working at Jenny
Craig it's like it's like it's full
circle you know and like those fuckin
assholes who fuckin through me and my
family out on the street and acted like
we were criminals because I was vlogging
at work which everybody does now I mean
viral videos go viral when people are at
work doing crazy things and the company
loves it and I guess I was just before
my time and and you know not only did me
and my mom my brother good fire but six
other people got fired and it was
horrible I didn't want this to turn to
an angry video star girl who um no more
hate I'm sorry I love you guys so much
and thank you for being there and if you
want to check out all the articles about
this I'll put them in the description
like all these websites and Hollywood
Reporter and all those people that have
no idea why we're talking about it so
it's exciting and and thank you to
youtube for making this possible
I turn to YouTube in one of the hardest
points of my life and it end and it it
created something that is unbelievable
and um I'd turn to you too
that was terrible okay I'm gonna go I
love you guys part two of my big
announcement is coming soon it's not
television related it's it's movie
related and um and I'm really excited
about that too so thank you guys I love
you I hope this doesn't look like a
bragging because I don't I don't care
I'm not a bragging person I have no ego
I hate myself I really don't I don't
like talking about myself but I wanted
to share this with you because you guys
have been such a part of my life and you
guys know I've been pitching a show for
seven years so woo it's over until the
show doesn't get picked up and I have to
pitch something else Wow we'll cross
that bridge in kitchen I love you guys
so much and I asked to videos in a day
sorry
overkill huh
