have a life or any friends can you put
on this wig and just pretend to be my
girlfriend look at all these slots oh oh
now it's time out the sunglasses okay
not you you know you're a whore
no that's better than a slut horse get
it done and I got a horse get pads let's
go for fray so we're here we just did a
photo shoot for which I earned until the
guys forever go for my plane new
sunglasses
epic glasses that I designed what like
eight years ago what computer play look
take them awhile you getting second
minute and we just we designed this we
just did a photo shoot for it over there
and they're gonna come out think of like
the end of November and I'm so excited
not a lot of looks terrible of them
Lauren so excited cuz she's getting free
shit right now yeah I like it a little
more how much more free stuff can I get
so what we're doing before ah I'm so
excited oh wow crashing crashing and
driving this is the stupidest decision
I've made in the last five minutes
so yes I'm so excited my epic glasses
are finally here I know I talked about
these a year ago I can't believe it's
been a year but they've gone through
lots of stages and they're finally at a
point that I'm ready to sell them you
can finally see through them which was a
problem early on and I could cry I'm so
excited it's like you know it's a big
deal I know this sounds stupid but I
photoshopped these glasses in 2008 you
know and I just like thought it would be
cool to have the word epic in it I
thought this would be cool whatever and
it became kind of my thing like it's
been my profile picture since 2008 to
finally have actual real glasses that I
can sell to you guys and other people
can wear them to take pictures it's just
cool because it's something I created
and I'm very excited it's like I had a
baby it's like I had a little epic baby
that you could put on your face which is
what I do with babies anyway so it's
perfect so I am on my way home and we
are going to film a video I think Joey's
coming over we're gonna do something me
Joe and Lisa hopefully every song maybe
will bring a baby in the mix whatever
happens happens and my question of the
day is because right now we're building
the website for the sunglasses which is
why we took pictures and stuff today but
I kind
want to start you know I want the
website to be cool and I want it to be
for more than just sunglasses eventually
I want to do shirts and I want to do
beanies and buy I want to design all of
them because I've never really designed
all I want to design it all by myself
kind of like how Lady gaga does it with
less face paint so it's trying to figure
out like what's a cool catchy name for
my brand
I was thinking epic Dawson it's not
cheesy I don't know I wanted to have
kind of have my name in it but also not
have my name in it cuz you know one day
if it's in Target one day or Walmart
let's be honest 99-cent store then I
should have like a company name so
question of the day what do you think it
should be leave me some fun ideas should
it be corney's corner that's terrible
right now I'm thinking epic Dawson so if
you have a better one let me know
alright I'm gonna put these back on and
ignore you guys cuz I'm like super cool
oh yeah that's the face of a cool guy
real cool
oh my God look is he huh oh my god here
are the hearings of my guys need to hear
you don't speak my language I thought we
always speak to each other like oh my
god here bitch dance bitch as I was that
you didn't hear we said right good good
cuz you would not like it I know he's
here we're gonna film some videos and
I'm gonna try to make that picture is
crooked sorry I just got distracted I
think your visions crooked no I do not
because that's crooked all of those are
crooked both of those are crooked good
excuse it's crooked oh that makes sense
uh the women look good crooked mm you
know it looks good crooked you just
crooked bent over right behind me that
was too far too far so how are you doing
craziness oh it's so crazy are you
did you just come back from the baseball
game yeah we won Oh oh my god good shot
you're so good with balls like your
daddy I'm your daddy now I feel like I'm
your daddy
okay guys where do I fit in your
yeah you're the housekeeper but she's
really bad at hanging pictures always
crooked I'm really gonna clean that
though hey job good job
we're gonna do this video and then after
that that's it and then I'm probably
gonna slap her in the face slap in the
face and lick my dog she wants a kiss on
the neck ah it was a trick it was a
trick well we just finished filming and
omegle challenge and let's just say it
got real weird we learned a lot about
you guys
number one none of you guys like to show
your face number two pedophiles like to
type in showy defined little kids number
three including us including you you're
one of the biggest pedophilia acts Tyler
knew first of all this could be used as
evidence in the future so you know watch
what we say like what in a courtroom one
day I'm sitting there with my tie and
I'm in like you know I'm like nervous
and then they showed this video clip and
then I go to jail forever chills don't
that bad you know what though honestly
you're right that is good though really
good so that video is coming out
tomorrow get ready for that oh yeah
tomorrow no mom well he's having a
seizure ha ha ha so now all that's left
for us to do is just touch each other
and dance
oh I'm just dancing the music in my head
you guys later I'll be up on it without
you
ooh they're mine
you can kiss them on your channel I
kissed them over here you don't fucking
touch them I won't
whatever oh okay that me that made me
like you a little bit more excited hey
welcome to bomb calm where we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet
