or Nick Jonas is nips
hey what's up you guys okay I'm very
excited today today is the first episode
of a series that I created and I really
want it to be a weekly thing on this
channel maybe even my main channel I
don't know but I wanted to test it out
and see what you guys thought
so I'm obsessed with shows like the soup
and tosh point-o and all those shows
where they kind of like show viral
videos or pictures and make fun of it
but I was surprised that they've never
done a show like that with a young
person hosting it so I found a girl who
was just as sick just as dirty and just
as fucked up in the head as I am she's
been on my channel before so you might
already know her but her name is Alexis
geeze all and she's fucking amazing so
without further ado here is the first
episode of the show I created bomb calm
with Alexis hosting I hope you guys like
it I will see you right afterward and
I'm excited hey hey welcome to bomb calm
where we talk about everything that's
blowing up on the Internet
a young girl named Cooper bites the
bullet and tries whipped cream for the
very first time
at first she enjoys it it makes her feel
good it makes Cooper feel alive but like
a lot of things that do the same it
takes a nasty turn she's a little
demon-possessed victim in training they
grow up so bad in April 2012
a 10 year old Scottish boy's father
released a video of his son where she
claims he has a very unique talent I
know I know
that's half of your facebook newsfeed
but listen the video has recently been
gaining traction on reddit because it's
different than most scum and he's our 10
year old and he has a unique talent of
talking backwards you don't get young
not you it just were today yeah okay
talking backwards I mean that's not
that's not that cool you know
like there's there's other cool things
that kids Oh God
BuzzFeed recently released a list of 13
of the hottest guys to ever take mug
shots every one of these guys home to
confuse the hell out of your gay dads I
mean do they congratulate you on getting
a stub or do they take away his fake
knife but did you see his jawline a
video was recently released of what is
supposedly Justin Bieber after a night
of expensive adult fun time since the
video features a shirtless Justin Bieber
which as a teen girl I don't feel it
would be healthy to couple that amount
of attractiveness with that amount of
douchiness we've made an original bomb
calm dramatic reenactment
wait you can turn this sideways oh my
god I also find it kind of funny that
people assume this is a prostitute after
all Justin Bieber's probably just open
his door and scream for a woman unless
he's not looking for someone underage
and to close out the show we have a
celebrity tweet from Kim Kardashian it
seems as though Kim accidentally
responded to a tweet meant for me or
Oprah thank you all for watching this
episode of bomb.com hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel be sure to head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis G's all for
more of me Alexis she's off that's my
name feel free to wear it out and until
next time so good
Wow so there you guys go that was the
first episode I'm really excited I think
it's funny and fun and cool and I don't
think anything's ever been done like
this before so leave me some comments
letting me know what you think do you
want this to be weekly do you not want
it at all if you want more episodes
please give me a thumbs up on this video
so I know and that's it you guys had fun
hang with me - hang with you and and I'm
excited you know I've always wanted my
channel to grow and become more than
just me talking to a camera I want to
eventually create something bigger and I
think this is the start of that so I'm
excited and I hope you guys are too I
love you and I will see you tomorrow I
see what happened was he was hanging out
with Samantha and he's like uh so he
walked away and said where the good
pussy at
