all alone
okay I'm about to call my mom and I'm
not to use something I haven't used
since middle school
dignity also a celebrity soundboard so
basically what this is is you probably
heard of this it's like a celebrity you
pick one and then they have a bunch of
little phrases so I'm picking dr. Phil
because I'm almost terrified of him all
right here we go watch me over because
I'm crazy just prank calling me what
else is new oh yeah are you nuts
Oh dr. Phil dr. Phil dr. feel you are
divorced right are you having sex do you
agree that you've been sexually active
have I been sexually active is that the
truth or a lot is them do you agree that
you spoke how about when this is over we
go do a little coke I want you to start
living as a gay woman I didn't make
allergy set do you torture small animals
no I have been for a long time a rotten
little bitch eat what you kill world if
you if you don't kill something you just
don't go eat what he killed like a
preacher that's not that fake who are
you tell me how you feel about it how I
feel how what unless until you can look
each other in the eye and say you know
what we've done everything we can
I totally at peace with this I don't
hate you since you fuck I don't have any
bad feelings or real in East emotional
business with you I can say go and be
well and I'm going to do the same thing
unless and until you can say that you're
not ready to get a divorce yeah creature
tell me what's attractive to you my
tortures all animal that's a load of
crap oh my god hey well thanks for your
call okay so do you have like a job okay
just say thank you for your call is all
you're a bitch thank you you can get
self-righteous til the cows come home
correcting myself I guess I don't care
about you quit being mad at me
thanks for your call I go fine oh good
times a pretty sure I just called my mom
a gay drug user who tortures animals and
who's just a little bitch so thanks dr.
Phil tell me if my bra stays though cuz
i've been burbank tell me if i have food
in my teeth
duh tell me if i have lipstick
if I have a booger pick it up tell me
and my makeup is fucked up to tell me
fed by Christie yeah I told me about one
hair out of place you on my head we got
tell me if I ever have a great day
