all alone
oh shit wait oh no oh no I'm stuck oh
now you're gonna bomb it I don't fuck
around it's not like Caesar
Lucy Caesar salad Oh gotcha hey what's
up you guys we're just two hot girls
burping yeah that's what we do all day
so I am here with Gigi gorgeous and I'm
so excited
me too I'm watching you for a long time
thank you for watching you forever too
I've been late oh wait you felt like
alien vs. predator you notice because I
just ate cuz now usually I have nothing
in there so it could just go woo today
we're gonna be doing the common white
girl tag I have no idea what this is but
I'm so flattered by the way that you
chose me for your common white girl tags
and the most common way or the whitest
girl I know we have opposite here I love
it though mine goes this way this is my
side though I just stop here is that
your side too I don't know I like I
can't stop me huh we can't stop can we
won't stop best video games but you know
what's so fucking gross now nah I'm
stockpiling number one favorite
Starbucks drink then will they change
but like right now probably the lemonade
with peach green tea lemonade with peach
light ice uh-huh number two how long
does it take you to get ready in the
morning like this morning an hour
Wow is that a lot I don't know why do
you say wow them
trying to figure out it takes me I feel
like you take an hour to get ready too
though sorry it's all but oh top useful
for you can uh like 30 minutes yeah I
think I could get ready in 30 minutes
but I don't want to get ready to 30
minutes whatever three how many selfies
do you take on a daily basis mmm
do you take selfies let me wipe myself
in once a day yeah I probably take like
maybe three a day or four but do you
take a bunch and then like go through
them and be like mmm I mean yeah I
ruined doggy that's a lot of selfies I
don't know I just started like music
okay where that I'm sorry I don't know
why I just started feels good though the
other day do you ever say lol or oMG in
real life never know I heard homeless
person say LMFAO the other day my mom
says oMG that's cute though for your mom
to say it's not gonna find a man she
keeps throwing me haha are you racist
what yeah no I'll be no public happy
nice super race but always races um why
it's not even a question how many tweets
do you have I don't know too many - my
name is did you spray like is what yeah
it's so fucking good no no no no tell me
if my breath stays though cuz I've been
burbank tell me if I ever have food in
my teeth
duh tell me if I have lipstick
tell me if I have a booger pick it up
tell me and my makeup is fucked up to
tell me if I'd buy Christie yeah I tell
me about one hair out of place you on my
head tell me if I ever had a gram dude
duh if that's even a thing it's a thing
shame isn't it
what do you spend most of your time
doing mastery Oh
Burbank why were you so just constant
that's a lot of masturbating well you
know you got straight more than you
sleaze stockpile always stockpiling I
just learned about this last night
what's called edging you don't do you
know what that is no if you master it
and then don't come like you get close
but you talk and it's on engine so that
makes sense they got close to the edge
guys you're gonna jump off but you don't
and then at the end of the day or
whenever you want you finally do it it's
supposed to be huge and explosive but
I'm too lazy to get to the bottom you
just save it up like don't do it for
three days or you don't have that
control because then I'm sure it'd be a
ton you saved it for three days
interesting did you already do it today
yeah okay start tomorrow okay start
tomorrow's a new day
and then snapchatted TV fine it I'm you
more than six seconds
oh god I'll just look a like pulses oh
you got it up who's your favorite
youtubers you you next questions so good
how often do your nails every two weeks
honey they look good mine or the
grossest most are you a fighter and I'm
a biter I'm Achuar and I'm the we should
go get you oh we should go get you a
manicure I'm just scared why cuz I don't
do well with pain it's not painful at
all it feels good no cuz I heard Lisa
said if I go they're gonna pull off the
suit Lisa my girlfriend oh hang out with
but they don't pull it that's not what
you're supposed to do they take little
like Clippers and go to quote like
they're like seasoned trained
professionals they're not gonna hurt you
are you a Shopaholic uh-huh I mean I've
had a lot of food
then you just gotta your car but it not
really I traded in it oh yes that's the
big one I didn't pay anything
oh you don't pay anything hmm you're an
exchanger a holic mmm
I'm definitely Shopaholic though it's
bad what's it like what's your story
Oh God makeup clothes shoes what are we
talking that all just went over my head
yeah I just have uh how well you get all
of that at Target you Kirk you look
disgusting
you could you could you could do all my
shows mmm ninety-nine cents per dollar
Emma have you ever been with my sister
of course I don't believe that smells
like what Tyra Banks used to be like I
love the money that's a bull lying no no
I have obviously everyone has it's just
a light thing full of waiting high
contact like this as far as Madison
Stewart listen I go there all the time
but the sad as far as when people are
like buying obviously expired
foods oh they sell food there I was just
candy no there's no bananas and money oh
wow well I guess like a banana for a
dollar could melt like a bunch I don't
want to come off as like stupid or
pretentious or whatever no but I got
weird that they sell food there yeah
thought it was just around the like
decor items and trinkets panties yeah
that too
how many times have you watched Mean
Girls a thousand million yeah do you
know the correct answer for this
question huh what the limit does not
exist
have you seen the movie new movie no oh
yeah he's gone okay I'm gonna get some
when cat or whatever Lindsay Lohan's
name is in it she answers the blast
question in the mathletes competition
it's like the limit does not exist and
then they're like all cheer and they
went so that's what you're supposed to
say to it because obviously it's one of
those movies that you can't watch enough
times so good hmm you don't think so I
feel like you loved that movie
I loved it
I'm good oh they got to watch it again
it makes me sad for Lindsay I feel like
it made brings back good memories I wait
for her it's like when you go to a
funeral and you watch the video that
person's life I'm like they were so
happy another dead she's pretty much
dead that Lindsay's gone I think yeah
rest in peace how do you usually style
your hair the same we do the same when
my hair gets long it does that word
flips on the bottom I hate that ho it
like sits on the nape of my neck it
looks good though how do you get yours
like that would mean it's like perfect
I'll teach you kidding next video I only
got the last one yeah oh my god that was
so quick do you always look presentable
no oh yeah that would be yes thank that
with the fucking yes oh my god guys
there we go we just did the common white
girl tag so common and lingo way to
comment sue come he's done in Canadian
I'm like so comment like head America
they go like about or are about where
are you at that was if you want to check
us out doing what are we gonna do on
your channel I'm an acting video it
should be fun
I don't know I've never really done
anything like it's gonna be it's gonna
be slightly pornographic I'm just
guessing pops and then props ah same
time props you're gonna channel check it
out it's gonna be awesome leave a thumbs
up leave a comment asking um what should
we should do next I think we should do
my hair or you're makeup or maybe they
should want my hair makeup
aren't you want me to do your hair
whatever you guys want we will do it
alright you guys help you out my name
with us we have a name with you and I
will see you over on her channel bye
corny is getting as far away from me as
possible
shouldn't dogs like run up to their
owner and be like oh my god I missed you
oh my god I've been waiting for you to
get home I mean she's just trying to get
into another room she's like why is this
door shut oh my god
