and hello Hedwig I haven't seen you in
so long
are you happy to see me hey guys
I don't feel good how do you feel yeah
me neither
that's a lie I am wearing pants I just
feel like I'm not wearing pants you know
what I mean
you're so emo right now why are you
cutting an onion
cuz you want to cry cuz we're emo oh
trying to get better because today's a
big day we are recording a podcast with
jennette mccurdy I'm gonna call her
cheese Kirti she's gonna hate it
she's my Carly obviously I me and her
had a Twitter fight back in 2008 I think
so it's going to get real dramatic grow
those me snap and it's gonna be we've
snatchin who she gonna punch me the face
I'm a punch on the boob it's gonna be
great also tonight I'm going to this
thing that I can't it's part of the big
announcement that I can't tell you guys
about yet but it's going to be fun and
I'm going to see a youtuber there who I
haven't seen ever and I've been watching
him for like six years
his name is my toe cold so that's going
to be exciting and then at some point
Lisa is going to shit on my face big day
by the way by the time you're watching
this the podcast is already out so if
you want to hear me in Jeanette get
crazy link down there it's SoundCloud
comm same brands ah hey what's up guys
so we just finished recording the
podcast and I forgot to film everything
because I was so excited but first of
all jennette mccurdy is my girl like
we're homegirls now like we is homies
like we got numbers like we don't you
know that we go out she taught me how to
make a vine video yeah I'm so excited
are you excited that I'm here yes
jennette mccurdy should be mm-hmm
she taught me how to do the skinny arms
skinny legs skinny waist and skinny face
she just taught me a lot about life and
wigs cuz she was wearing a wig and it
was crow but yeah that was our first
like TV star I think we've interviewed
right yeah our first TV star and I went
really well it she was really cool and
really down to earth and fucking awesome
and I'm really excited and we talked
about a lot of stuff like you got you
guys first of all she cussed which I was
excited about second of all she was
honest and open we talked about penises
and penis pumps we also talked about her
career and my penis pump but we only
talked about that for a minute because I
was kind of embarrassed I just want to
skim over it but now I'm on my way to go
to this secret meeting that I'm doing
and I'm gonna hang out with some
youtubers and then talk about penis pump
some more typical oh my god oh my god oh
my god you got if you've been if you
know me if you've known me for a while
this has been my favorite youtuber this
is my toe cold slash drew slash what's
your other name Oh be another bish of
running wild bear
I don't know I'm only in other videos I
don't do five-second skip ads I need 75%
revenue split oh you're talking about Oh
take this climb right now yeah okay
I will I have to mention subway every
minute okay and I only work with Viacom
advertisements gotcha
and you only wear your own merch yes is
that your merch this is my tow called
penguin tea you get it at teas calm
slash toes you know that thing is people
are gonna go to that they're not gonna
get it your hair's beautiful in real
life you look scared I'm really scared I
don't you keep doing it to me like say
something funny haha I know I've been
watching him for about forever and this
is the first time I've met you in person
this is a big deal for me big deal from
for us see you're not white see I just
told him he said oh you know we're both
white and I'm like no you're clearly a
different color than I didn't I didn't
just say that you have long fingers Wow
whoa
it's like superhero hand what's your
superpower Oh dick melting you did it I
know so we're about to go into this
secret meeting that I can't talk about
but let's just say it involves dick
melting right
mmm mr. dick melt prepare for action
that doesn't work what well it's
supposed to blur the focus so that we
look beautiful
mmm beautiful you know after a long bad
just like to come home a smoker fat as
blood oh I'm kidding
this is incense or drugs I have no idea
what this is whatever it is is sitting
right next to my Jesus candle where it
belongs hey what's it be guys so I am
back home corny is getting as far away
from me as possible
shouldn't dogs like run up to their
owner and be like oh my god I missed you
oh my god I've been waiting for you to
get home I mean she's just trying to get
into another room she's like why is this
door shut oh my god this is so awkward
now just stuck you're staring at you so
yeah today I'm sorry I couldn't really
talk about what today we were doing soon
I can talk about it soon so annoyed that
I can't tell you guys everything
um but yeah today was such a good day I
mean jennette mccurdy came on the
podcast she was so fucking cool and so
funny and so nice and so like just cool
I think I love her and then I got to
meet one of my favorite youtubers ever
and hang out with him that was amazing
you should definitely check out his
videos he is really crazy and really
funny he was very shy tonight on camera
cuz he has never vlog before but you
should check them out it's youtube.com
slash my toe cold don't know what that
means but I like it that's about it
question of the day
well we haven't done this in a while uh
who do you want on the podcast next I
mean I feel like we've upped the ante I
mean jennette mccurdy where do you go
from here right across Grove leave me a
comment let me know and yeah check out
the podcast link is down there did you
see the link down there oh my god well
not only was the link down there but
corny he was down there he Z all over
the phone you can't keep bitch the kind
of bear is she is it wasn't my pee I
swear it was yeah it was my pee all
right you guys hope you have fun hang
with me I had fun hanging with you and
you're covered in pee so I'm not going
to kiss you bye
Oh gross see you later I keep texting
her like she doesn't text me back and
then sometimes I text her a picture of a
screencap of her house on Google Maps
and then she'll text back oMG I'll text
back lol ha we have fun
