and if you listen closely it sounds like
sex shit oh my god holy shit here I come
ah yeah hey what's up you guys I'm gonna
keep it real I do not feel good like a
deep-fried Turkey Kelly Clarkson's house
on Thanksgiving night I am like me when
I see a little kid in the street fall
and eat shit I am dying and I don't know
what's wrong I think it's a disease I
get sick a lot nowadays all those
Craigslist hookups finally caught up to
me but I did not want to miss today's
video because I have so many important
questions to answer I mean you guys
always have the most important
thought-provoking really just mystifying
questions for me like Fung boy who asked
if you ate your butthole what do you
think it would taste like this is why I
wake up in the morning answer questions
like this well Fung boy I know you want
me to give a creative answer but it
would just taste like shit here shit
Jessica wants to know can we see your
dick piercing I do not have a dick
piercing and it's not because I'm
against it I'm just too afraid to get
one because you actually have to be hard
for them to do it
and I can't even get hard when my dog is
in the same room with me so can you
imagine me getting hard and a room full
of tattoo artists unless all their
tattoos said mom I have some problems
Parker wants to know what was your
nickname when you were fat I didn't
really have a nickname people just
didn't talk to me oh I know my nickname
was definitely Oh God oh sorry I didn't
know you were there excuse me yeah yeah
I got that one a lot Caitlin wants to
know what color or song title would you
have sex with I don't understand I guess
I'd have sex with burnt orange mainly
because I've actually had sex with a
burnt orange before let me explain now I
don't need to explain you get it Orange
cut a hole in it put in microwave for me
that feels like vagina let's move on and
I guess the song title out have sex with
would be rolling in the deep' that was
so easy so gross mary says describe
yourself in one word is vomit a word the
crew wants to know hey Shane how do you
write your
videos actually I am used this notebook
I've just been writing it today it's
also notebook that hookers and pimps use
because it has a thing carry it
everywhere you go you just beat bitches
over the head with it snort coke off it
and all I do is open it up take out a
pen and I do this thing called writing I
know I'm blowing your mind kids
sometimes I even make a mistake and I
can't delete it
although the plus side is I don't
accidentally send my dirty nasty sexual
email to my mother so it's pretty great
I know I actually do write in this these
Wow very old video ideas in here most of
which I did not use like this this is a
scene between Shane and Paris hey guys
let's play Candyland Oh me first then
Parrish shoves a bag of M&Ms into her
pussy finally before they melt
that's not how you play it isn't I think
I was molested now you know why I didn't
use that one Emily wants to know when
you were a fat lesbian
what were your boobs named well first of
all that was very offensive I did not
call them boobs I call them man breasts
and second of all I didn't have time to
name them I was too busy lifting them
and biting my nipples you think I'm
kidding I am not kidding
Mohammed wants to know what's the
hairiest part of your body let's have
you decide
take your pick give you a hint though
it's none of the above
it's the below JB fan wants to know what
made you want to do podcasts well JB fan
honestly I just like sitting down and
talking with people and not centering
myself and have them not censor
themselves and just have fun for like an
hour and just a heads up tomorrow my new
podcast with jennette mccurdy from
iCarly and Sam and Kat comes out girl
let's just say I am shocked she did not
hold back
she did not censor herself she cussed
she talked about penises it's insane and
it's my favorite podcast I've ever done
and also we're like best friends now
like we text each other and like I keep
texting her like she doesn't text me
back and then sometimes I text her a
picture of a screencap of her house on
Google Maps and then she'll text back
oMG I'll text back lol haha we have fun
Kathryn wants to know what do you really
think of one Direction's new song okay
here's what I really think I think it's
fine I don't think it's bad I think it's
better than the other ones and I think
it sounds just like that home home home
that's definitely not how that song goes
but I think you don't I mean right but
just wait because this Friday I'm going
to be posting a parody of it I'm not
gonna be making fun of one direction or
the song I'm making fun of myself
because instead of the story of my life
it's called I have no fun in life so get
ready for the heavy fan for me want to
know how do you not like Pretty Little
Liars well because I'm not a fat little
12 year old Skyy want to know if you
were pornstar what would your name be
Paine Clausen Liv Reese's girl wants to
know what's the most embarrassing thing
that ever happened to you in middle
school I don't know is the school nurse
asking me if I've gotten my first period
yet embarrassing is a black girl asking
me where I got my weave from
embarrassing is having somebody write my
yearbook too fat to be forgotten
embarrassing the answer to all those
questions is yes but not as embarrassing
as all the terrible shit that happened
to me in high school next question well
there you guys go
if you want to ask me more questions
leave them down there in the comments or
leave me some tweets and Facebook's with
hash tag ask Shane else if you want to
watch my other as Shane's I'll put a
link right there and you can watch them
and learn all about me and it'll make
you never want to be my friend alright
you guys I'll be out fine hang with me
I'm coming with you and I will see you
tomorrow
fight you're sick now Hey Oh
oh hell no who did dad
I'll kill ha who was that was that short
ass haired bitch it slapped me in the
face
