hey guys I got a Halloween joke what's
terrifying black and not allowed in my
house black cats you're racist Oh
Halloween hey what's up you guys yes it
is Friday which means it's not Halloween
anymore which means it's time for me to
take off this hideous mask it's not
coming off oh I'm just kidding I can't
take off my face and I can't take off my
fat suit either shit's getting real time
to play a game speaking of wishing you
could change yourself all of you guys
wanted me to play a game called IMVU
IMVU I envy you I just got it anyways
I'm playing a game where I guess I get
it become something I'm not so a man
must be an option all right here we go
wow she's a whore create your free a
Betar I mean I hope it's free people pay
for this if people pay for this then
they need to take off their stupid mask
well well there's a sign-up okay
let me take this slow whoa oooh marriage
okay we're going too fast
Oh Lindsay Lohan before she went crazy
Oh Amanda Bynes before you ain't crazy
me after I go crazy oh there's so much
to pick from I'm gonna go this one
because she looks like a black version
of me I've literally worn this outfit in
videos before oh okay a name um how
about black oh that's taken Shane that's
taken Dawson hey that's not taken so I
guess there isn't a black version of me
out there somewhere how depressing
okay we're in alright what should we do
black Shane Dawson start exploring
alright
customize your avatars look and your own
personal style mix and match outfit and
excel girl you need to stop
accessorizing those earrings look like
tampons whoo this one says naughty oh my
god I have breasts and abs it's
everything I've ever wanted
oh I like that that's a good girdle
keeps it all in whoo okay that's the
best of both world it's breast e and
it's girdle e let's try one more thing
and she's my mom
bye black top this
I'm gonna go with Noddy it just explains
how I'm feeling
boo bottoms what does this say something
on the ass how do I turn around like
this oh oh god no you looking at me now
say what no no no now here we go
oh look hey is that what my hair looks
like from behind god I need a haircut I
have a tattoo the hell does my tattoo
say I'm pretty sure it says sensation
and my butt says rice a racy I get it
now I'm a sensation and my butt likes to
race ooh
those aren't those are painted on how do
I turn her back around tired of looking
at she's having a seizure she's having
aphasia
women string dance huh that's my thing
except I do it with my lips I'm better
than you black Shane Dawson oh she's
matter I met I met were the same but
different she has an attitude oh my god
Amanda Bynes now ooh that's the one I am
gay ooh Halloween eyes oh that's
terrifying let's get it closer look oh
my god Oh No who is she looking into my
soul I need a better cover her eyes up
heads I can change her head what does it
even mean oh fuck
I should have backed up for that whoa
you look like a Food Network host what's
that one lady's name Giada dealer huh
huh hey everyone I'm gonna teach you how
to make pasta I have a lot of ideas in
my big fucking head I just farted yeah
I'm proud of it take a sniff uh-huh
never mind
whoo that's real bad here yeah no that
wasn't me that wasn't me use the camera
to take a new profile picture okay
Oh Oh God oh there we go let's do the
fat girl angle and right there we get
fire one two look at me
look at there we go oh my god can she
hear me oh she's so scary
snap oh we look beautiful huh Oh Oh
chatter fuck all this let's go to the
chat room no it's locked I don't want a
shot I want to go to the chat room I
want to talk to strangers oh I want
credits ok wait what's happening I'm
winning things without doing anything I
wish this was like light I was just what
life was like I am paying for this oh oh
we go in in the chat room going in a jab
room which one do we go in wild horses
sauna gay yes yes yes how do i what do i
do what do i do go oh my god I'm nervous
he'll thing like me please wait while
your chat room is loading take a
challenge
play a dazzling game of gem match II
this sounds terrible let's get at the
kids yet oh look it's loading arranging
furniture I'm gonna be breaking
furniture you don't observe oh god is
that me dying in the bathtub wait what's
happening
where's everybody oh they're over here
how do we go over there oh he said Santa
knows am i under the water but the hell
am I Oh people are disappearing I want
to go over there everybody's talking in
Spanish English anyone look at bunny
boobies in the shower Oh God
there's a rat in here y'all had just a
nasty ass shit how do I go to her in the
shower
Oh oh my god we're making out we're
having sex what did I just do
I don't know but I like it oh hi hey
girl hey girl we're getting along real
well we're fully clothed in the shower
which is confusing
Wow she's not much of a talker is she
all right no thanks I have to sorry wait
what booth does actions
high-five shake hands versus our fist to
fist that sounds like something I want
to do
somebody just moaned let's do a
high-five hey we just had five but then
I went back to the shower I'm such a
bitch okay I'm getting out of here I'm
comfortable quiet night this is
depressing let's go in here oh god what
is that oh my god oh my god this is
terrifying oh god oh god I don't know
what's happening to sub-step there's
cats stop no make it stop make it all
stop anyone wanna work I don't think
this is the twerking crowd I'm scared
okay I'm leaving bye people I hung out
with in high school probably ooh The
Nightmare Before Christmas alright this
will be the last chat room because I'm
starting to creep myself out oh my god a
sex dungeon
hey guys I'm scared
who is this stripper how do i what I
just do oh I can do this cool
oh god it was bad let's shake that
bitch's hand what's that girl I'm a kill
badass I got some a lesbian now what you
looking at how mmm that's what I thought
looking like Kim Kardashian when she was
nine months pregnant and shit where
Kanye yeah huh-huh that's what I thought
girl bitch I'm just in a fight oh here's
another bitch let's go high-five her and
then talk shit what's up Nicole don't
ignore me I see you looking at me I'll
cry you hmm
I'm just kidding I'm high lol oh look
I'm laughing
ha I my girl man nobody likes me I tried
everything huh Oh Oh No who did dad
I'll kill ha who was that was that short
ass haired bitch it slapped me in the
face oh who is this bitch huh
it was this bitch huh oh she got them
VIP actions yeah I ain't got there oh I
will punch her Graham over hunt you I'm
a punch you where she got where she got
oh here she is away that's not her but
you know I don't even care I won't punch
whoever I can boom ready ready I'm about
to punch you bitch I like to punch you
boom fuck ha ha down John look at me all
innocent I didn't do nothing
well there you guys go that was me
pissing off a lot of people in a weird
fucking chatroom nobody should be in let
me know down the comments what game you
want me to play next and maybe I'll do
it and maybe I'll piss off more people
aren't you guys I'll be FN hang with me
if anything with you went on so you
tomorrow yeah ah you like that mm-hmm
you're so disgusting
