now the holidays or didn't have a Justin
Bieber wig but they did have a Canadian
douche bag former child star future drug
addict soon to be dead ten years wigger
wig yep
that'll work all right so I'm gonna
righted right now and I just bought a
bunch of stuff for the for the what's in
my mouth challenge and Julia has not
found his stuff yet you're taking so
long can we go get like a food food
listen all you need is your hand and
I'll show you what to put in your mouth
oh my god no I'm talking about my
fingernails I want you to chew on them
hmm
I have my whole bag so don't you get
food or did you just get I got I got
both okay cuz I I feel like foods gonna
be so easy to tell yeah easy that's why
you gotta get objects but the one rule
is it can't kill us why on that note
haha stop looking at me like that it's
freaking er he's looking at you going
how are we gonna kill him haha and guess
what you're never gonna kill me cuz I'm
gonna be wherever you're gonna die his
dog's die fast
Oh dogs go to heaven shake that's a lie
some dogs go to hell and you were
barking at me when I walked in the door
oh he likes that mmm oh yeah you like
this this is make me uncomfortable
so we we're about to film a video and
I'm trying to get this dog to like me
and it's not working
why can't you like me I smell like food
you should like that oh maybe it is just
cuz I smell like food why is there a
song called banana pancakes
it's a crazy oh I'm sorry I'm not white
enough for that yeah
ah you like that mm-hmm
you're so disgusting I think he's gay
though cuz he's not going in the center
he's looking just one of us I'm gonna
get in there no get in there look he's
like nope come on inside inside what if
I make a butthole
uh yeah oh my god like a long that's on
you oh my god mmm they'll leave me alone
with this dog right five so I am just
finishing up my challenge with Joey and
I'm not gonna talk about it cuz I'm so
angry about it and then look what he
does look who he brings here just to
taunt me you know what's sad people
probably really think I hate you and
they would be right because I am mad
right now why is she doing here you're
trying to replace me is that why you put
so many things on my mouth you're trying
to kill me and I was like you have it
first of all you need to stop you got a
bunch of backlash because that last vlog
you were talking about how I vlog
and people were like Joey Shane
your vlogs are perfect just like this
just like this they can see me they're
fine it's made me uncomfortable so what
was your reaction to your name now being
a term for being shady bitch I just
thought it was funny and I had no idea
like what people were talking about it
woke up one day and it's just like oh my
god you have to see what Shane said
about you like all these tweets tumblr
post like even probably some emails when
I'm just like what happened so I like go
and watch the video and I laughed out
loud you know what it was I thought your
name just needed to be an adjective like
it's asking for it like cat rific like
that's an adjective
that's a good name that's a t-shirt
that's a t-shirt and I just thought you
know what not being a cat rific boom
catch phrase coined copyrighted okay I'm
sorry I'll give you like a little bit of
it but like when the shirts come out
like you can get like a little bit of it
like I still like my idea right I might
wear it if you make it yeah you know I
like it um but no guys I do not hate her
and she doesn't know maybe she hates me
I don't know but um but you know just
everything is cool guys I am gonna
murder her though because she's here and
it's me
Joey time um but besides that we're all
good you good mm-hmm good we're good you
good yeah wait a minute what am i doing
I'm supposed to have a fight with her
like a battle the whole point was I
wanted to have a beef with somebody we
just ruined it
maybe I'll have a beef with all right
I'm down for beef like a triple-layer
beef hmm now we can't agree on some
hands make it worse no I like chicken
this isn't gonna work
you're too nice and I'm too indecisive
to hate somebody let's just hate Joey
why you know what you did no no no I'm
done I don't know about you guys but
when I hear a song like that on the
radio that I have heard 500 million
times on the radio it makes me want to
throw my radio let's window
unless it's an old Avril Lavigne song
which I've heard 500 million times but I
don't love it speaking of love I am just
leaving Joey's house we filmed a few
videos one of them had me putting things
in my mouth and most likely catching a
disease I think I put a dildo in my
mouth at one point so I'm gonna get
herpes and then the second video we did
was some kind of a challenge between me
and cat rific where we try to see who
knew Joey better it was almost like
Hunger Games
you know like whichever one of us one
would take Joey and leave and the other
one would be murdered I mean those
weren't really the rules but that's how
I was playing so I'm not gonna say who
won but let's just say I'm not dead so
I'm gonna go home and go to sleep it's
been a long day of things in my mouth
getting herpes Hunger Games bitches
being camera fix to a question of the
day if you were in The Hunger Games
what would your weapon of choice be like
if you could bring any weapon mine will
probably be an iPhone because I could
film somebody doing something
embarrassing and be like girl if you
kill me if you try to kill me I will
upload this video of you picking yo
asshole picking that wedgie and I'm
gonna put up on YouTube and it's gonna
go viral and then nobody would ever kill
you ah blackmail how I love it all right
you guys hope you have fun hanging with
me I'm fine I do
and I'll show you tomorrow bar you have
herpes now you're welcome
I'm broken my heart is untamed you have
a lot of problems with that heart and it
doesn't help that the ad right next to
the lyrics is for our McDonald's it's
not good for your heart Harry if you
need to stay away from that
