hey what's up guys my name's Esther and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
pedestrian s wolf shirt man thanks dude
first off I just want to say thank you
so much the user Taylor is weird who
suggested this week's video if you want
to leave your own suggestion for one of
these videos you can leave them down in
the comments down below so that's it per
day both of us five we're talking about
these five creepiest kid shows you know
every once a while I think to myself how
did I end up so fucked up but then I
remember that shows like this existed
when I was a kid and I'm like oh right
it's a surprise I'm not more fucked up
that remind me number one on this list
ghostly 90s show the Teletubbies and if
you never seen this show Teletubbies
then count yourself lucky because it's
made out of 100% nightmare fuel yes
so Teletubbies was a show that ran from
1997 to 2001 on PBS and generally was
received pretty poorly one of the nicest
reviews of the show I seem saying holy
fuck this show sucks and did someone who
used to watch the Teletubbies without
Junger and constantly dance around the
house to the theme song and annoy my dad
I should have worn a condom why didn't
it show again makes me wonder why I ever
watched it at all because this shit is
fucking terrified like why is the son a
baby why do they live in the ground why
is there googly eyes on a fucking vacuum
why does one of them have a giant erect
boner on their head do I even want to
know what that one does the vacuum in
its spare time and especially terrifying
why is it Teletubbies themselves
apparently 7 feet tall what the and to
make the hellish nightmare that is me
Teletubbies even worse some sadistic
asshole remains in Teletubbies in 2016
and it's equally as fucking horrifying
any copy number 2 mr. meaty let me ask
you a question
what are your thoughts on tuffet your
answer was anything else as they should
all be Birds and chances are you're
probably fucking weird so mister reading
was a show made entirely out of weirdly
realistic puppets that could honestly
not be more creepy in several episodes
there were super creepy stories one of
them being about a tea form one where
the characters intentionally burned
their hands in fry oil here I'll show
you
whoa have a delicious and nutritious
crash yeah this is the crunchy parts of
my favorite and while the premise of the
show which was about two teams working
in a burger place at a mall wasn't all
that eerie it was more so about just how
creepy the puppets were than anything
else so the show aired from 2005 all the
way till 2009 with a total of just 21
episodes with a fairly decent rating at
around 3 out of 5 stars but most people
who watched it in agreement that it
should have been an Adult Swim show
rather than just a show on Nick kids
from around this time are probably still
having nightmares about this shit I
think for me the reason that it's always
been really scary is that you got to
think that there is someone operating
those puppets at all time and like who
the fuck just operates puppets do you
know anyone who just in their spare time
operates puppets
probably not because you're a normal
person I'm hoping it has normal friends
if you do know anyone who operates
puppets you should probably get the fuck
out of that friendship number 3 Courage
the Cowardly Dog doesn't wanted to show
I'm sure you've heard it before and it's
not you probably had a normal childhood
ability who did watch this show when
you're younger you're probably still
scarred from it to this day you're
probably wondering what could be so bad
about a show about a cute little dog oh
I don't know how about this or this
or this or this you will be visited by
three play each worst and tune the
second means not saying or this for this
entire fucking video obviously to stop
right there but what the fuck what the
fuck's idea was it to put this in a
children show like who reviewed this
episode of his life yeah totally let's
put that on the end kids don't need good
dreams or pizzas mental health despite
all the creepy shit that does that so
it's actually really great is definitely
worth watching for all said don't watch
this show but do watch it because it's
really good but at the same time don't
know it's really confused at number four
we nerville i don't you're diggin it
good wiener but now that we've
established that we're both four years
old let's talk about scary shit if he
didn't have the pleasure of growing up
in the 90s it was generally pretty
awesome we had wonderful fur V's fucking
awesome toy commercial a shitload of
Disney movies came out those ears and of
course this design on literally
everything you ate wasn't all bright and
happy though as proven from the 1993 to
1997 show interval which again showcased
the twisted and demented shit that
passed for children's entertainment bet
that aside from the show being again all
about live puppets the show was no
filming from a very uncomfortable studio
audience who didn't know whether to
laugh or cry at the terrifying shit to
show portrayed from a parent with a
man's wheelbase on it that looked like
an autistic big bird from Sesame Street
to the show's host bringing children
from the audience on set to be made into
live puppets and ever sitting to spray
slime all over them alright this is the
90s where every single Nick show what
spraying slime on people with the
funniest fucking thing they'd ever seen
in their life but I don't know without
thanking
because I did you see it yes they do
this every episode I know it's the best
thing I've ever seen and barley at
number five are you afraid of the dark
okay forget the other shows I mentioned
on this list and being creepy the next
one is downright 405 so we have ever
seen to show goosebumps this is
essentially the same thing but I always
just thought when I was a kid that this
was just way more scary but all the
things that I was most scared of in the
nineties it was this show and in the
thriller music video for Michael Jackson
my mom said I literally poop my pants
every single time it came on which may
be wondering if I watched it now if it
would have the same effect
oh well that didn't work there's
definitely no poop in my pants right now
how many I have to go find the long city
of Atlanta out of just one site so again
this show was on Nickelodeon and aired
from 1990 to 1996 with 91 episodes of
the course of its 7 season run the
purpose of the show was basically a
group of kids that told scary stories
around a campfire that doesn't sound all
that scary try watching this scene when
you're about 5 years old about a
terrifying pool monster that would suck
you in if you got too close to a pool or
this
or this or this and then make up what's
left stop God do you know I actually
didn't find Atlantis when I went just a
second ago so I'm gonna I'm gonna go and
it's definitely not because there's an
abundance of shit my pants right now let
it visit is episode of one to five
hopefully you guys aren't thoroughly
creeped out and if not have that nav
bitch I'm really sorry you're not a
bitch unless you don't check out my
channel youtube.com slash captain
dentist in which case you totes are
relative guys always make sure to leave
in the comments down below your
suggestions really next with the fun
five episodes and I'll check those out
that said I'll see you next time for
another one about five thanks for
watching and fair wind
