hey guys I got a Halloween joke what's
terrifying black and not allowed in my
house black cats you're racist Oh
Halloween guys guess what we are in a
soundstage right now which means it is
soundproof which means I can do whatever
I want to you answer her we're filming
Shayna friends right now that's my set
over there those are all my laborers and
this is my next victim so obviously as
you know this is Shane's new daughter
Alexis if you watched his parent
challenge but today she's my daughter
hi everybody I'm so excited to be here I
hear we have a lot of very special
surprises plan surprises I didn't I
don't know if you know this but it is
physically possible for a child to get
pregnant
it is surprise you didn't use that
toilet seat in the back right you were
in there if I was you might be pregnant
is that what that's all that stuff
that's what that was no no that was not
that was not cream cheese for the bagels
anyways we're very excited because Cindy
here knows Hannah Montana songs which
I've been singing in the car on the way
over here let's have a battle okay okay
ready I'll start and then you finish it
get ready this is the nice it's soul I
need ice cream you already fucked it up
it goes this is the live so hold on
sighs dream wait you forgot to do that
you gotta have your foot ready cuz of me
now lick a sledgehammer go lick
something just lick the entire room no
don't I'm kidding but do hey guess what
we're at my house you want to come
inside okay let's go inside oh isn't it
beautiful wait a minute where the hell
is everything I live in the blackness
why is the power tools everywhere those
should be in my bedroom
I'm kidding this is a set guys look look
this is the set for Shane and Friends
I'm gonna change friends sadly his only
friend and I'm in his head even more sad
so here's my fake house we got my fake
kitchen over there
I've got Shane spent all his money on us
didn't make idiot we got Lauren over
here she's my fake friend
I never liked you I do like that however
well thank you
Lauren was free today you cost it
nothing absolutely nothing your where
you don't get paid right
we got craft services I mean look at all
this stuff and guys without pumpkins we
got a we got I don't know I've seen
Mexican see these I'm sure they're great
we got the world's biggest bananas we
got chicken and we got my sex toys are
everywhere and we're going to keep
filming and I'm going to let you guys
know that this is going to be the best
video of all time
mainly because I'm the star but and I
mean you know you got Sheneneh you got
Ned Harrison sdz but who gives a fuck
about that right it's all about me
question of the day is it all about me
no real question of the day who's your
favorite character you better say be a
fucking idiot
hey Lauren you're looking fat yeah stay
away from those coming from you that's a
cub I know I'm eating nuts what are you
eating
besides everything I'm getting a nod I'm
really getting mouth look great I love
the biker outfit you're trying to steal
my collar you're like the man version of
me hey what's up you guys it's me every
styles and I'm here with my members in
one direction all right what's your
names cuz I don't fucking know when is
Niall
I'm Bradford bad boy sign what do you
not know what that is you guys know what
that is I don't already know I'm not 12
yeah what what you know hey guys I'm
Emily I'm Louie
no no I'm Lily haha and we kind of made
out we did you guys have to wait to see
it we're one direction I can't do Brazil
oh you don't wanna show us Larry is that
a thing oh that's a thing I made a video
about everything oh oh now you're trying
to get it on it we go let's do let's do
the hey guys were one direction no God
wait is that a thing oh yeah just do it
to do one too hey guys one direction and
we are a motivator video they like each
other they really do this yeah they go
hey guys wait one direction and today we
all three know even gayer than I thought
they were I mean I'm kidding what hmm
you like my this is
and I love the random chunk on the side
was made out of your this looks like is
that my hair throw away about that so
raven wig yeah i do it how was you
guys's experience it was i'm it was
really fun we each took this crotches we
made out and we disappeared and i don't
know when this video is going out but
it's going to be it well actually yeah
this week i think i don't know i've lost
all memory he drugged me sorry
ah and the shoot is over you guys are
probably going to already have seen the
shane and friends episode by then if you
haven't seen it this is what you're
missing me wearing a sex mask and me
making out with my dad it goes there
also another shane of friends because we
filmed to is going to go up probably in
november so look out for that that's
going to be one with us playing one
direction and yeah it's gonna be nuts
and that's a wrap and i'm not wearing
pants there's a lot going on right now
well let's be honest there's not that
much going on a little bit going on like
a little shrimp it going on anyways yeah
so that was a long couple days of
filming by the time you watch this vlog
you've already seen hopefully the shane
and friends episode which is up right
now and i hope it's good because i
haven't edited it yet but i have when
you're watching this but not right now
this is all very confusing
anyways i'm excited i hope you guys like
it one more thing before i go i want to
give a really big THANK YOU slash
shout-out to audible comm I'm sure you
know what that is because I talked about
out of my podcast and other youtubers
talk about it but they are the they're a
website that does audible books audible
audiobooks I guess audible makes more
sense whatever grow I don't read which
is perfect because they put books on mp3
and you can listen to them like you can
listen to the Kim Kardashian's story
narrated by her mother I'm not gonna
listen to that but you could imma listen
and fifty shades of gray although I wish
it was narrated by Raven Symone maybe
the sequel anyways I want to give them a
big shout out and a thank you because
they are actually going to be helping me
make my big epic Christmas music video
without them I would not be able to be
doing it at all because girl I don't
spend all my money on that Shane France
you just saw so please go support them
go to audible.com slash ask Shane and
you can get a free audiobook and an
extended 30-day trial and yeah please do
it because the more we support them the
more
to support me and the more that I can
make awesome fuckin crazy big videos and
not go broke it goes girl I can't be
making videos when I'm homeless maybe I
could probably more interesting than my
blogs are right now anyways yes please
go support them I'll put the link down
there and that's it you guys opieop
funny with me I have sign hang with you
and I really hope that you guys like
Shane of random nervous I hope it does
well if it does well then I'll make more
of them so if you want more Shane of
friends then go tell your friends to
watch that motherfucker
alright I love you guys bye Emily wants
to know when you were growing up what
other jobs did you want well besides
being Steve from Blue's Clues mainly
because he talked to random objects
around his house and nobody called him
crazy for it oh you're not crazy Shane
shut up wimp
