and hello Hedwig I haven't seen you in
so long
are you happy to see me hey what's up
you guys it's Friday and I thought today
would be fun to like you know call up
some friends go out see a movie maybe go
to boomers play some games maybe after
we go to a club hook up with a stranger
end up in her apartment wake up the next
morning with that hangover and a baby
and then I realized I have no friends so
then I decided to play a game with you
I'm kidding I love playing games with
you
so today the most requested game to play
was cleverbot I don't know what this is
but it sounds like a joke machine like
if I can't think of a funny joke
I just asked cleverbot and she helps me
Wow
I could really use a clever bot all my
jokes revolve around Amanda Bynes and
vaginas vaginas
they still make me laugh oh and really
quick announcement I'm sure you guys
already know this but brand new Shane
and Friends on my main channel right now
it has been two years more than two
years since my last Shane and Friends
and go check it out because first of all
it costed me a shitload of money because
because we had to build sets and we had
it it was expensive but it was worth it
and I'm very excited about so please go
check it out give it a thumbs up give it
a comment tell all your friends show it
some love suck its dick okay back to
cleverbot alright cleverbot calm let's
see what this is here we are
oh god this looks messy there's too much
happening on this page this is what my
old myspace Pikachu still look like
except right here would have been a
picture of like just my eye and then
over here would have been a picture of
like my arm with like a bracelet on
basically just pictures of not my body
how do we do this please note cleverbot
learns from real people things
it sees may seem inappropriate use your
discretion at your own risk parental
advice visitors never talk to a human
however convincing it looks I'm very
confused think about it think for me
thought so far okay so what is this
hello my name is Shane do I just press
Enter
oh god I did something nothing's
happening is something supposed to
happen your name is Edward it only works
right what no my name is Shane maybe
he's just confused irrelevant huh okay
girl let me just take off my earrings
because it's about to get crazy
what the fuck are you talking about
about bitch I will cut up hope so deep
you'll be able to shove a pop sickle
stick up in there let's see what you got
to say to that bitch let's see what
clever shit you got to say to that bitch
yes that's it oh she oh she get on my
damn nerves mm-hmm what else you got to
say about Owen who the fuck is all when
the hell is that is that a face what is
that that's a one-eyed girl with a
tongue ring you know what you think so
fancy because you got all these
emoticons I don't have let me show you
one I bet you know what that is bitch
bitch that's good it will feel real good
up in yo ass homie uh-huh uh-huh them's
fightin words why am i a ghetto person
right now oh that's right because I am
on the inside yes I know but then I will
not want to wake up yeah this just got
real weird we're done
do you know who Shane Dawson is see what
they say I bet he's gonna say years
Shane Dawson's real cute real cute okay
I see how it is then okay Jane Dawson is
the best person ever okay tickle my
tough bitch you're gonna get on that
tell me I'm gonna chop off yo head and
shove my fist in yo bloody ass neck
pushing see what you got to say that
back so you can want to tickle my tummy
after that okay just okay the ACMA was
sag
at a different language what jazz
Sabbath no uh-uh I don't understand
how's Nate I'm very confused alright one
last question and then we're going to
get out of here because I'm terrified
what are your thoughts on Miley Cyrus
I'm just curious
it's taking him a long time to tell me
his answer girl we agreed we both don't
know it's lovely
are you high no are you high hell ye oh
my god what if they call the cops on me
yeah hey ye do you not understand
English cleverbot Helen Keller oh oh oh
I'll see what you do it cuz I was about
to leave and now you try to keep you
here because you try to fight with me I
see what you're doing I see what you're
doing I'm fuckin around with you you
better watch yo damn back bitch ah oh no
she didn't oh no she did
oh no cuz she didn't know what to say to
that mm-hmm I'm coming back huh I said
you better watch yo damn back bitch
what do you gotta say to that time is
ticking cleverbot tell me again fuck you
that's right
two words I got two - yes please
this just got weird okay I think I just
made a girlfriend or a boyfriend or a
weird parent relationship when now right
I'm not ready for that
I still got a groom where what if it
just had my address I would scream okay
you first
okay I'm naked Oh God okay um what do
you want me to do
Wow this just took me back to a o L
chatrooms forgot to ask ASL
taking too long to answer this I'm
nervous this is gonna be a master
paragraph all right you know what I'm
that note I'm done I'm done there you
guys go that was me playing the
creepiest game I've ever played
is this a game how is this a game this
is the future I just played the future
and it was scary so question of the day
what game do you want me to play next
and also I have fun hang with you I hope
you have fun hanging with me and I'll
see you tomorrow and please go check out
my main channel video please please
please please
sad part is I've been practicing all
right I love you guys hey how you doing
hi I'm all right I'm good I'm get corny
stop watching me talk to myself this is
me time
