today I'm gonna get Cindy this year's
hottest costume so Justin fever but imma
show up your own girl perfect
you already halfway there art really
loud I don't think you heard that but I
smell that what's up you guys yes I'm
very very gassy right now and there's
somebody staring at me while I'm
vlogging and I think he can smell my
fart even though my windows are rolled
up even though he is outside named
inside I think my fart seeped through
the window let me look
okay wait he's gone I think he went to
kill himself perfect so right now I just
got to another youtubers apartment
strawberry or Meghan I guess it's a real
name I don't use real names these
YouTube names I still call hardly Epic
Meal Time every time I see him it's very
bizarre anyways I'm outside of
strawberries house and yeah we're going
to carve some pumpkins I guess I mean I
hope that's code for something now it's
probably pumpkins that crafty bitch and
then after that I'm gonna go home and I
think me and Lisa are gonna have a date
I think we're gonna go see Terry the
poster for the movie kind of looks like
an ad for unreliable pads
she's just covered in blood and not
happy about it but hopefully the movie
will be more interesting than periods on
that note let's go carve pumpkins knives
pumpkins big bowl --dog strawberry it's
gonna get real weird in here that's
these are knives like are we supposed to
be using knives um unless you want to
try and use this to open this up when
hey we're Mexican here in the Camarena
household and we just get a rig
everything you're Mexican yeah you're
not making Camarena just because your
name has a slight Mexican quality to it
my name is Shane Yao my real name I am
NOT Asian I mean I have Asian qualities
if you know what I'm saying but I'm not
Asian oh well I have a feeling I've been
adopted oh I am adopted
that makes sense I don't know but I
think I'm Mexican this will be the
Mexican challenge and then we have a two
guys of here just watching and filming
you know like watch what the hell are
you get what are what are you guys I'm a
boy
okay and he likes to know good milk goes
for the day okay I'm just getting I'm
filming today yeah so we're doing you
guys are beautiful you know
yeah you got a little Pokemon hanging
out of your pocket you know that how
should we hang in I don't know what that
means but I mean alright we're gonna
carve and I'll show you the aftermath
it's gonna be mine's gonna be a lot
better than yours I'm just I knew it
that's okay you can talk it up but we
all know who's gonna win by the way she
hangs out with chili a lot and I'm gonna
have to get rid of that so what killer
okay guys we did it it happened how do
you feel about this I feel pretty
confident I feel like like I was in it
to win it and it's kind of embarrassing
that showed up today
you know we're not gonna show our
pumpkins because it's gonna be up
tomorrow on her channel but let's just
say like look at the back of mine and
how perfect and beautiful it is and then
look at hers yours looks like it's I
don't even know what this is
like mid seizure like terrible hairpiece
crooked
it looks sad they'll just have to watch
and see what really happened Shane well
I'll give you a hint I won I don't who's
voting yours comment down below
well I think God should vote and I think
God would pick mine because I think God
has a heart God doesn't leave a friends
but he does like me better I don't know
I think God plays favorites have you
seen the world feel like there's never
mind never mind
I love God love God love God love Jesus
um no but yeah anyway so uh yeah we're
gonna clean up this dog just ate a lot
of pumpkin innards so it might die I am
sorry and and then yeah can I take my
pumpkin if you want to you can have it
no I'll just leave it here so you have
to stare at my victory all month long
close your eyes and touch this pumpkin
tell me what it feels like this will be
the pumpkin challenge making of
challenges again okay now I'm going to
try it you guys are going to be on in
this to get over here mine feels like
and I would know an old woman's lips
yeah lips not lips lips I've kissed them
now you touch it okay it's flour I'm
making cookies yep there's butter right
there butter flour okay I said a thing
not a memory that was the creepiest
thing I've ever you just relived your
childhood that was very bizarre get out
of here go away you're next
and please don't say a pokeymon or else
life
haha it reminds me of a pika jock touch
it was like the broken and Spock's
controller oh my girl maybe oh you're
not high if we are all on mass amounts
of medication okay great I have some my
car I'll give it you hey how you doing
hey I'm all right
I'm good I'm get corny stop watching me
talk to myself this is me time this is
me and me time not corny time anyways as
I was saying you know I'm just good you
know it's like lifting weights you know
just like getting ripped you know how
you doing I'm all right
you know just not lifting weights and
not getting ripped yeah neither am i
you're just watching shark tank and
eating lots of ice cream yeah pretty
much huh twinsies I really wish that
glass would've probably that have been
awesome
hey what city guys yes I'm back in my
apartment Courtney stop looking at me
talk to myself and I am uh getting ready
because me and Lise are gonna go out to
dinner I don't think we're gonna see a
movie we're both tired so we're just
gonna sit and watch each other eat which
is just as terrifying as Carrie and
probably just as much blood and corny
you're not coming God he's so sick of me
how are you sick of me look what I did
look what I did I drew you doesn't care
doesn't give one fuck I drew you like
one of my friends girls oh well maybe
Lisa will show me some love today yeah
probably not
this is an awkward Christine I don't
think I want a second one neither I'll
call my mom to Kiki I'll call your mom
to pick me up I'll call your grandma to
drop me off and I'll call your dad to
lift me up and I'll call your brother
fill me up oh that was - mm-hmm I want
hurt yeah it's going - this has been the
best date ever
oh my god really good one what is this a
rock fine she's eating chocolate rocks
the only rock she's gonna get ha ha ha
ha get it ha your magnum ear not married
we're not married Ewing in a rock huh
nobody that's cuz you gay so this has
been an eventful night I didn't film a
lot of it because I couldn't film a lot
of it because it was so crazy cuz we got
so crazy guys yeah he farted really bad
in the car yeah but my farts smell like
we still kind of smell it oh it's like
when you walk into a Jamba Juice that
just opened there's someone fern it no
it's like that smell of like healthy
hearts like wheatgrass and like like
changes no it's delicious
stop going for treats let me finish my
story oh oh I just pooed a little weight
ok now let's wait to smell it and then
you tell them what it smells like
how come you always vlog on date nights
and they always turn out like this this
is an interactive date night okay
now you should smell because I can and
it's make me want to throw up mm you
know what do you think it smells like
huge question of the day what do you
think it smells like I know you can't
smell from her face what do you think it
smells like
all right guys help me up on hang with
me - hang with you I'll see you tomorrow
by the way tomorrow
brand-new fucking Shane and Friends
first time in two years it's gonna be
awesome she's not in it thank God
because it's too stinky it's gonna be
stinky amazing okay guys I love you why
I'm sorry I'm sorry that was so weird
that was so rude that's so really
apologized to you guys not me bye
that was a move guys jealous you didn't
go to prom with me
