Oh laughs this is bumpin Obama while
Michelle watches never I wanna be myself
anymore
those are the guys yes you know I like
to start every day with a creepy song to
myself into my iPhone I'm crazy so I'm
excited today because I'm about to go
record a podcast with special guest
Caspar Lee and I went on Twitter and
asked you guys what you wanted me to ask
him and every single question was how
big is his penis so I'm gonna ask him
you're welcome
corny are you excited what do you want
to know I want to know how biggest penis
is because I bet it's like cash for the
ghost invisible earn no it's not
invisible I would know I've seen it so
another fun thing that's going on is I
just got the rough mix of my Christmas
song that isn't coming out till
Christmas and it's only October but I'm
excited I'm not going to give a sneak
peak yet because you know I want to wait
a little bit but I will give you the
title the title is this Christmas life
so get ready for that because that is
going to be coming out in two months so
don't get ready for it because it's a
while away I heard the song and it
sounds like shit it should be called
this shitty life oh my god that's what
your life should be called oh my god
this is so fun let's say good mornings
for your life this gay life this
embarrassing life this skip it fucking
piece of shit waste of time life I could
go on forever
okay corny I get it you hate me right I
get it oh don't feel bad I don't hate
you hate everyone
haha burn all right I'm gonna go dry off
my tears and head to the Caspar Lee
podcast let's go guys okay you guys we
just did it oh my god oh wait I'm gonna
roll over oh oh look at this look at
this oh yeah oh oh what was the Hat
oh that's gonna be cool no you're cool
you're cool that's oh my this is Casper
obviously as you guys know my number one
thing that I'm very excited about is
that you are 9 foot tall oh my god oh my
god it's like Jesus look at this guy's
I'm a tall fuck too but look at this
we like basically the same heights this
is amazing I found a youtuber taller
than me this is done from over
I have jeez is he taller than us no
you're the tallest youtuber I've ever
met besides Lauren Union but but her
she's old legs and you're all torso so
that's good
not in a good way so we just record the
podcast but much fun I really enjoyed I
call me to here to edit it a bit no it's
all unedited baby I mean sometimes I got
Tommy farted yeah well you know we're
not gonna edit he answered the question
you guys all wanted was just how big is
his penis and he answered it you kind of
gave it your observation but we're not
going to give it away if you want you
can check out the podcast I'll put the
link down there soundcloud.com slash
Shane and friends and you can hear how
big his penises you can literally hear
it I heard it when you walked in the
door it knocked against your knees it
was like you happy about this new room I
was like that that's a good rumor right
let's make a hashtag hashtag Casper get
in now that's that's gonna people are
gonna do know that's a tactic of every
good hashtag dick of Africa of South
Africa because I've learned those are
two different things
I mean I didn't know that something's a
lot about this holy nose Lion King but
like all my enemy he's joking guys he's
joking
I'm not joking I'm not I don't know why
did you actually don't know that though
and then they're gonna think it's okay
not to know that if Shane doesn't know
that I don't I've never read a book I'm
not here to be an inspiration custom
you're an inspiration I'm a role model
don't read guys probably shouldn't be an
inspiration let's just like start from
there anyways long story short we had an
awesome time and he's wearing boots
you're wearing shoes that I thought were
super cool when I was 12 and I think
you're bringing in the back look at
these they were called like Mountain
okay why were these is cuz all I own
right now what are those Tom's I don't
know who owned one other pair of Tom's
and I wore them a lot on tour and they
got smelly so after were these boring
yeah what are you touring dude like a
like a tour where we met our viewers
that sounds sexy let's do a tour where
we meet your viewers Oh tour over and
who over all right you guys we are gonna
see you in a second no we're not he's
leaving and I'm gonna go jerk off and
Laura's gonna watch bye all right guys
if you listen to the podcast and you
know I'm officially a truck owner
with a truck dead bodies I told you we
should like line it and then like make
it a poo whoo traveling jacuzzi now you
love it
no I was at the car place and I traded
my car for a truck and I don't know why
I'm not a truck person you know what's
gonna happen like this is gonna feel
disgusting shit and you're never clean
it this is what its gonna be no well yes
I'm Marti holy oh there's already shit
in there dude look what do you do what's
that I don't know about a truck Lauren I
don't know what question of the day what
what should her name be Lauren thinks
she looks like a horse
so I'm going with gallop er I hear it
take my keys Oh take a seat oh don't
worry you got leather interior all right
there's a sunroof and a rear-view camera
they're so mad you're so jealous
I'm so mad because you're you are
officially white trash I'm like as if I
wasn't before why like I don't even
understand like we're in somebody's mind
maybe like yeah this well because the
other alternative was a Hummer and I'm
not an asshole I'm like trash but I'm
not an asshole your other car was like a
month you know what it was cuz your last
car was like a mom soccer mom yeah soon
as you like now I need a soccer dad car
look good in it look at you look at this
trucker yeah oh my god maybe you should
take it do you want it you can have it
do you want it please take it I don't
want this I'm gonna call it the pussy
mobile well when you're in it I'll call
it the hairy pussy mobile okay hey would
it be guys
it is like 3:00 in the morning and I'm
wearing these because if I was watching
TV without these Lisa would chop off
bees so I'm keeping them on so yeah
that's been today's vlog I'm nothing
else to say what about you corny I'm
pretty sure that the stuffed animal that
looks like corny and I have no idea
where the real corn is I'm a great
father right you guys hope you have fun
hanging with me I've been hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow by the way
please check out the new podcast
soundcloud.com slushee
friends and there's a bunch of other
podcasts on there too with the numbers
of our second life and Daily Grace and a
bunch of other people so check that out
and we got some fun guests coming up I'm
excited
we liquid that day before I go I found
her she's alive thank God nothing you
want to say nothing nope okay then bye
oh oh okay I'm not inside a fairy brains
vagina whoo that was a weird nightmare
