here it is just when you find us ladies
Azusa that would be me
hey what's up you guys it's me Shane
just making a video for you what this
isn't a 3d then that just looks stupid I
told you I won in a 3d movie about my
life what do you mean I haven't had a
career long enough I've been on YouTube
for five years now are you kidding me
Justin Bieber's only had two CDs and he
has two 3d movies
what do you mean his life is more
interesting than mine you know maybe
buckets out feet in you know how many
black people ask me we win you know how
many times I took Selena Gomez
opportunity well but virginity cuz you
know the firm was taken but what about
3d movie you know what fuck you I'm
doing it right now
hey guys it's me Shane and the movie is
called believe that motherfucker hey
what's up you guys
yes welcome to my 3d movie that's not
actually 3d and not actually movie
because it's on YouTube and it's free so
let's call it a free D that's sounds
sexual anyways yes it's time for a Shane
and the reason I was talking about that
was because the first question was from
Katie and it said what do you think of
Justin Bieber Jade 3d movie you know
what I think about it Katie
I think it's really stupid how do you
have two 3d movies about your life and
you've only been alive for 19 years
that old lady from Titanic had been
around for a hundred years and you know
how many 3d movies she had about her
what what he trying to say maybe you're
better than Titanic is that what you're
trying to say mmm I don't believe it
although Bieber was in Titanic it'd
probably be a better movie Bieber I'm so
cold
hey girl don't let go baby don't let go
oh
swag what I said don't let go
oh-oh-oh
swear don't let go girl hold on girl I
know your legs is focusing girl it's
okay I'll blow them up with my tongue
girl I want your whole body girl with my
you know what I think I'm just gonna
jump in the water and kill myself now
bye yep okay you see that movie alright
let's get to the next one
Jonah wants to know what's a typical
morning for you well Jonah usually
starts like this
oh oh okay I'm not inside a Farrah
Abraham's vagina whoo that was a weird
nightmare Jennifer wants to know do you
want kids yes I do Jennifer I don't know
God wants me to have kids but I want
kids may need to put them in videos
because it's really hard to find a kid
on Craigslist who's willing to let you
poop in their mouth trust me I've tried
Sarah wants to know when did you stop
trick-or-treating serious story I was 12
years old and you know I was a 400 pound
whale and I was dressed up as a pirate
so I went up to the house and asked for
candy and the woman looked at me and my
mom and said oh what a cute couple
where's your children thought I was a
lesbian pirate and at that point in my
life I wanted to walk off the plank and
kill myself
next question Jasmine wants to know
what's your big announcement so as you
guys might know from my Twitter and my
Instagram and my facebook I have a well
two big announcements that I can't talk
about yet but soon and I'll give you a
hint
it is porn related and it involves blood
stuff so figure it out no but honestly I
can't wait to tell you
I'm really excited keep checking my
Twitter and Facebook and stuff because
that's probably where I'll talk about it
first Jenna wants to know what is your
favorite CD of all time
first of all Jen props to you for
knowing what a CD is and for kids who
don't know it's that round thing that
kind of looks like a piece of Bologna
with a hole in it and you put it in this
box called a CD player and it plays
music I know your heads exploded it's
fine let's move on
my favorite CD of all time oh god that's
a toss-up between three Alanis
Morissette's Jagged Little Pill Avril
Lavigne's Let Go and Green Day's
American Idiot I think I'm a LESBIAN
pirate Lauren wants to know would you
ever wax your balls clack we're asking
the important questions no I would never
I tried to shave my balls before but my
balls got scared when the razor went
toward it and they just went which makes
it really hard to shave and I feel like
waxing would just rip the ball sack off
I just stick to trimming can't believe I
just said that out loud
Logan says my butt is hungry what should
I do feed it Michelle says what's the
proudest moment of your life proudest
moment of my life
oh god probably when I was able to start
taking care of my family we were going
through really hard financial times and
I was able to pay to get us into a house
and that was pretty proud oh and the
other time when I had a fart that
sounded like a my hey girl I was pretty
proud of that Britney wants to know
what's your ringtone for Joey here I'll
give you a hint
and last but not least Carly wants to
know have you heard the new song Chinese
food and what do you think I have so
many emotions okay on one hand I love it
because it's really funny and oddly
enough the Asian girl that's on the
counter she was in one of my videos in
my sweat shop video a while ago anyways
sidenote name-dropping i love it cuz
it's funny on the other side i hate it
because people don't understand that
it's a joke and they're taking it
seriously and it's on the news and
they're like oh my god can you believe
they made this video and they think it's
good no they don't it's a joke that
usher from the Friday videos knows
exactly what he's doing
he's like oh I'll just make all these
stupid fucking videos and people think
they're real haha no they're not real
you idiots
anyways what I'm trying to say is I love
it I can't stop dancing to it
stop judging me all right you guys those
are other questions for today if you
want to ask me more questions leave some
comments down there or go to my Twitter
Facebook and Instagram and leave me a
question with hashtag a shade not a
stache a mask shade but if you want to
leave an ass chain I'm curious as to
what that is and by the way if you
haven't seen it yet brand new main
Channel video of me proposing to my
girlfriend so if you want to see that
check it out I'll put the links below
and I'm gonna go I love you guys will be
up on hang with me - I know with your
you my fingers are cookies 3d plus you
guys robbed my buds not as good at
sketching as I thought
