he wants me to ask you with your maybe
aim but nothing I got you in my vision
baby wanna make love to you
hey what's up you guys yes it is Friday
which means it's time to twerk dat ball
oh that's not what Friday means to you
oh then you're not just being mildly but
I am all the time
speaking of which Miley I'm sorry this
is my second video I've done about you
this week and it's not on purpose I'm
not trying to milk that Miley cow
although bangers it's delicious milk
thanks but you guys last week on my
gaming video every single comment was
please play Miley's twerk ball which
listen I like balls and I like twerking
so this is perfect for me oh yeah twerk
them balls yeah I think I just won the
game and I won life so this video is
over
bye kidding okay so now we're gonna play
Miley's twerk ball so let's start this
I'm terrified here we go oh gosh
there's so much happening on my screen
right now there's her with the tongue
out there's a really weird version of
her song playing is oh god help Miley
twerk that ball use the arrow keys to
move Miley and hit spacebar to twerk
okay I think I understand not that I
need directions on twerking I am the
master three two one I can see her
vagina okay oh shit I lost I already
lost okay I could try that again the way
I just have to keep the ball on my butt
right oh oh fuck okay and now I know
what I'm doing the ball isn't supposed
to go inside of her vagina that's where
I got it wrong perfect oh shit I can't
stop moving my ass okay Miley keep that
ass firm bitch I know it's hard I think
we're doing it I think we got it oh wait
I have to this isn't the porn in the
game what's the point of the game I have
to move it oh shit okay so I guess I got
to bounce the ball no wonder Leeanne
left you you're so demanding okay bounce
damn it this game would be a lot easier
if you just gave me a basketball and I
did in real life okay oh oh wait here we
go right on the butthole and farm yeah
oh oh oh oh oh it's seconds is how many
seconds okay I think I understand what
this is
now it only took me ten balls to the ass
that's what she said
this is very frustrating and who dammit
alright one more try no no dude fuck
your ass just piss me off
sorry I'm getting too into this I'm just
gonna write away fast
yes bounce yes bounce fuck this would be
a lot easier to use naked because her
vagina would just act like a catcher's
mitt and just and now yeah you know what
God is telling me to stop my phone is
breaking balls are not staying in her
butthole everything's wrong you know
what I'm gonna do this in real life just
to prove I can twerk ball okay I'm about
to try my own version of twerk ball Lisa
is here to assist me she's gonna be
putting that in my butt okay so think
you like it you just drop it on top of
my butt and then I guess my butt catches
it yeah that's not as good as catching
as I thought
are you guys there you go that was me
playing Miley's twerk ball and me also
playing real-life Shane twerk ball both
were embarrassing and I want to kill
myself question of the day what game
should I play next hopefully nothing
with balls in the ass alright you guys
opieop venegas me i fighting with you
and i will see you tomorrow also
brand-new video on my main channel and
it gets real weird it gets she gets
weird it gets weird it's a music video
you'll see I don't want to give anything
away but let's just say she leaves me
work it out yeah I love you bye twerk
for us oh here we go
yeah yeah tell her to show herself
stop it Shane
