hey sexy lady yes Shane's got a message
for your song I'm gonna sing it for you
hey guys I'm here with hi let me put my
eyes on it oh yeah she is bacon no I can
see I'm here with my mom we are about to
do a video that I am very excited about
because you guys have been wanting this
for a long time oh Lord
and no it's not a two-hour long video
with my mom twerking although a lot of
you guys didn't want that I think I've
hurt my back I think I hurt my stomach
and my emotional state
speaking of emotional state we are about
to get really emotional and by emotional
I mean terrified because we are about to
go on the website that you guys wanted
us to go on which is omegle calm have
you heard of those I know Omega is it's
kind of like do you know what
chatroulette is uh yeah no okay good
well this side is hopefully a little
more protected than that so what you do
is right here I guess you type in an
interest so we're going to type in what
are you interested I mean we'll type in
Shane Dawson but what are you interested
in don't type in man or men or single or
penis uh what dogs I mean you might get
something real weird if you dive in dogs
will start with Shane Dawson because you
it'll make us feel comfortable because
it'll be people that know us oh and then
we'll move on to dogs oh okay okay so I
just typed in Shane Dawson and says
don't get pervy they're talking to you
oh wait hey how's he doing he's having a
seizure why does he see us haha I think
he's having an orgasm
I wish I think he'd just finished crying
am I gonna
oh wait he's crying he's trying me as
you do during orgasm hi what's your name
Jonathan hi Jonathan
now my mom wants to see you twerk so
give it to her oh my god oh wow
alright no crying more twerking okay
okay if you have to take a selfie okay
what's a selfie he said he said that was
not good now what
okay that was kind of scary here's my
question he typed in Shane Dawson is his
interest what was he expecting a pop up
the boy we just saw oh wait is this
somebody oh hey
alright let's freaking out more twerking
stranger is only good stranger that's
kind of scary
she doesn't ah doesn't work next oh my
god all right we better get full on
naked work I want someone like Shana
that just gets it up there and torques
it are those boobs I don't know about
this one says we couldn't find anyone
with the same interest as you so we
found somebody that is random wait Spang
only stranger is typing or is the
stranger space I don't know that means a
stranger is that my mother you I just
say yes and where are you my mom's at oh
my god move this line where are you here
here
oh my god this is I'm never gonna let my
mom alone with this website yes Oh Oh is
Shane's mom where are you
mom's about to get a surprise oh no
don't say that
I'll wait there typing stranger is
typing holy F it's actually you okay yes
exclamation point don't to show their
face show yourself
hey also put on tea oh no Shane Lee no
you're gonna get me in trouble - no
stranger in science just pop up Shane
Lee I I won't turn my cam on okay move
on I don't have time for this why is she
on here sketch if she's not as yours
first of all that's what I'm always
saying on this Wes no I mean why would
you a new chat all right new they better
show themselves yeah there we go oh my
like her nail polish now show yourself
no no sweetheart what's your name what's
your name sweetie what's your name
this is making us look really
egotistical give me uncomfortable
let me do it okay here talk to her tell
her to calm down calm down yeah I love
you too can you twerk for us
I know twerking is insane oh I love you
- I love you - no shut up and twerk
maybe she can't hear us give it okay
okay twerk for us oh here we are honest
yeah tell her to show herself
stop it Shane Lee love you oh yeah they
love you so they can't Harrison some of
them can oh oh she's got her headphones
on oh she left right the funny thing is
her interest was Shane Dawson and she's
like now I'm not even interested okay
this is close
okay then let's go back cuz I think
we've seen enough Shane Dawson people
and I we're comfortable right like we
feel comfortable okay yes so now you
would you want dogs Jesus Jesus I like
that okay
I hope Jesus pops up is oh Jesus that'd
be awesome
don't they know that Jesus made this
website strangers time hi hi oh oh do
you know Jesus
yeah twerk for Oh My Jesus twerks oh
Jesus liked a party he did he did that's
scriptural I hurt my hip oh they're
probably like my age well then they
should not be on this website so max
what do you enter your interest in Nancy
Grace oh oh okay Nancy Grace pops up I'm
gonna lose it well Nancy Grace has a job
Oh life unlike me so oh my god
guilt work I don't tell you
can you twerk for us oh oh my god
they're adjusting oh my god this dogs my
dog Jesus pops out I'm done
oh wait is that jesus lizard ask him if
they know Jesus I think she said she
knows Jesus work me I'm going and they
know Jesus well thank you guys for
option showed up
it's Jesus Jesus is here well thank you
guys for showing my mom omegle and
working well she's not she's looking I
got it's getting oh my god love you
Jesus is looking well guys that happened
so that was your first experience with
Omega what are your thoughts I'm
exhausted
that's what my thoughts are always at oh
my gosh except everything like I'm tired
I know like you're winded your legs hurt
yeah she yeah are you guys question the
day what should we do next
hopefully not going on Magel again
because that was actually wasn't that
creepy we had fun
no that was fun actually better question
next time we go on Omega what should our
interest be yeah that's a good question
how about pussy yeah I'll be a bunny
with me happening with you are we have
funny with you and I'll see you tomorrow
also there was a playlist of all the
videos of me my mom made together out
put that down here
you can click it click it guys you feel
it yeah oh I felt it quick bye well
thank you that was interesting but in
all honesty some people aren't meant to
be stars and they're not meant to fly
above the earth like super stars like I
am Demi Lovato
