zombie apocalypse what the world's been
taking over by brainless so stupid
creature oh my god oh no
rise and shine and give God the glory
glory oh wow oh god what was that face
first of all the disease has a name it's
HIV and second of all you're welcome
thank you so we are here in the studio
about to record our podcasts which
hopefully you guys have already heard
because it came out like a week ago
because we're filming this ahead of time
oh my god back to the future back to
reality
we got six open chairs because I think
that's how many OTL members there are so
they're a boy band so their point man so
I am going to sit here and talk to you
every single one of them and I'm really
excited because I want to know first of
all what they do second of all do they
like vagina third of all who do they
want Laurens vagina
I'm not asking anybody anything before
the podcast it's gonna be a surprise
three of them like that we're good
because six is a lot of people alright
Lauren get ready here they come alright
guys they're here we actually just
recorded this podcast what's that oh by
the way the first thing Lauren said when
they walked in was are you guys over 18
but you two aren't I'm eighteen a week
alright get away from stop wearing those
sexy shorts now what was your guys's
favorite part like do you like this
experience wasn't so like Tyson you
can't say that don't say that
don't cut I like it did get uptight in a
minute because I said who's another vlog
channel that you guys watch and you all
went you all which
we don't talk about that so I'm gonna
assume it's us also Trevor was talking
about I was talking about his singing
and dancing which I was a fan of you in
expec you you remember that so now let's
redeem yourself I like I'm Demi Lovato
let me get some sharpies for my eyebrows
hi hi um so like what's your name
that's interesting Jenna so what are you
gonna be singing for us tonight okay
great good luck you got ten seconds
because of copyright Wow thank you that
was interesting but in all honesty some
people aren't meant to be stars and
they're not meant to fly above the earth
like super stars like I am Demi Lovato
so I'm sorry
no kidding Shane says yeah good job
Jimmy Lovato just say that a lot did she
say that to you was she on the show when
you were on the show did she say that
you were not meant to be a star she says
you are so cute adorable how guys they
know to you I know if you guys want
check out the podcast I'll put the link
down there they did amazing we talked
about some really weird I think I ruined
you guys I definitely ruined him he's
exhausted we talked about his
relationships we talked about his
dirtiness his biggest penis
right you guys I'm gonna go take a
shower I need it and I wanna like see I
can sing to Trevor would you let me
through to me mm sorry fuck you bitch
did somebody say Milky Way Oh to me I
love you we have a lot in common we both
have big eyebrows and eating disorders
high fat girlfriend so yes I am sitting
at home right now I did my hair for you
guys that's a lie I did it for corny she
still doesn't even care about me do you
like my hair
one day you'll speak and then I'll sell
you to the government for a lot of money
anyways the rest of the day I'm going to
do some editing I'm gonna film some more
vlogs do maybe a gaming video and also
get ready for this week because I had a
lot of stuff going on that I'm so
excited I can't really tell you guys
about yet okay well I already told you
have HIV so there you go but it's even
more exciting than that but I can't
really talk about it but I'll give you a
hint let's just say that soon very soon
I will finally be able to make something
bigger than YouTube with somebody else's
money that sounds sexual okay it's xtube
and it's corney's money no it's bigger
than that I'm really excited and it's
all because of you guys so I can't wait
to announce what that fucking thing is
but anyways question of the day I don't
know if I were to did one did I already
do one maybe I did I don't know question
of the day what is your favorite song to
sing in the car it's very random the
hell's wrong with me
my favorite song to sing in the car is
anything from the docena pussycat
soundtrack let's pretend like I didn't
just say that all right you guys I love
you hope you have fun hang with me up
having fun hang with you I can't talk
right now because my mouth is shutting
down all right I love you guys you did
this to me
I mean any song that talks about dancing
doing whatever you want doing drugs
calling yourself we constantly it's my
favorite
