I'm canceling our day what why I mean I
got a new outfit I got a haircut
I had minor plastic surgery to make me
have less gay face Oh shame those are
all things you needed anyways hey what's
up you guys
yes I'm wearing a sweatshirt with
nothing underneath
cuz I'm getting in my Milan mood
although mileages wouldn't wear anything
but I'm self-conscious so I wore
sweatshirt well this got uncomfortable
speaking of uncomfortable today I'm
going to be reviewing the album Bangerz
now I went on Twitter and I asked you
guys what you wanted me to make a video
about and literally every single one of
you said please review Miley's new out
I'm not going to lie I'm a little scared
there's a lot of songs there's a lot of
titles that sound like they were written
by black people and there's a lot of
feature ring and I'm not a fan of songs
that have lots of featuring especially
when their names are the future and
French Montana and Big Sean which is way
too close to my nickname from high
school but you know what because I love
you guys I'm gonna just get ready I
would embrace myself and I'm gonna get
ready to get banged erse alright so I'm
on iTunes right now and I'm going to
listen to a preview of each song and
give you my thoughts the first song is
called adore u which my lesion AB I
adore you too boo
okay now I'm sad let's skim that a
little bit maybe it picks up nope okay
I'm gonna give that song five out of ten
wrecking balls covered in my leaf pubes
the next song is we can't stop I mean do
I even have to listen to the preview I
might as well I mean any song that talks
about dancing doing whatever you want
doing drugs
calling yourself we constantly it's my
favorite I give that song ten out of ten
wrecking balls covered in leaves tears
the next song is called SMS bangers
featuring Britney Spears let's be honest
featuring Siri okay I was kidding but I
really think that Siri Siri was that
using on SMS bangers should I send your
message I need a name no no no the next
song is called four by four featuring
Nelly he's alive
that sounds a lot like the hoedown
throwdown my way down don't mess with me
Miley I know my hoedown drove down the
next song is my darlin once again
probably written for me featuring the
future so it's gonna be real dark and
sad we don't read that what ok future
sounds like Helen Keller in the past and
you brought her back to the future and
you showed her what auto-tune was not
running them dear Noctor yeah actually
I'd answer that
and now wrecking ball I mean I don't
have to play it but I'm going to anyways
song just gets me naked next time is
called love money party featuring big
fat Shawn that I think that song is
broken why was it happening so fast
I think she's Jamaican let's move on
hashtag get it right but if you look far
away it kind of looks like hashtag gee
chance or rat do I hope that's what it
is
I started choreographing oh that's a
good one next song is called Drive I'm
gonna guess how it goes all I want to do
is try I just want to drive home nah cuz
I I got my car and I got Betty in the
backseat daddy stop touching me
different than I expected I like to be
let's move on this next one is called Fu
Miley you can ready thumbs around me
table 30 wait I'm sorry I need a minute
she just yell shit at me so wet I'm
having a seizure but I kind of like the
seizure let's get going alright alright
I like that one that one is seizure
tastic and the next oh no this next one
is called do my thang with an a I don't
know how to feel about this skin this
one well the song before this was good
let's move on uh there's so many songs I
don't want to do all these okay we're
gonna go speed round this song is called
maybe you're right
wrong someone else I wish I was rooting
for my baby yep she's pregnant on my own
you're in all my dreams Miley you're not
on your own and the last one is hands in
the air featuring ludacris he's alive
ok I get it so I just listened to every
single song on the album and let's talk
about my thoughts first of all I just
want to say my only if you're watching
this but you're not I did just click
purchase and I just bought your album
because I do support you and you support
me without even trying whenever I make a
spoof of you it does well and people
like it so keep making music and I'm
gonna keep supporting number 2 let's
talk about my thoughts listen I actually
thought this was kind of interesting and
cool I think Miley's doing something
different and good for her I'm a little
disappointed with the Britney Spears
song because I don't it I don't it's
Helen Keller
I think the fu song is great I hope
that's us I hope she releases a video
for that and I hope she's having a
seizure during it and I hope I can spoof
it but it's actually a good song and my
last thought is just Miley please don't
rap let's just don't do that let's just
admit but we can't do and not do it
I can't Jazzercise guess what I'm not
going to Jazzercise class I stay home I
stay home and eat food I'm good at that
today guys question of the day what do
you think about Miley's new album and do
you have a favorite song on it let me
know down in the comments also give me a
thumbs up and favorite this video and if
you want to check out more of my music
review or other reviews of other songs
there's a playlist right on my nipples
you can just click on it click on the
nips and Miley good luck I hope this
album is huge and I hope you keep making
music until the day you die because when
you die I die and on the inside alright
you guys I love you and I will see you
tomorrow bye somebody got my phone we
can find this oh that's a good idea
cuz all I need is 6 seconds to kick your
fucking head off bitch
