oh you know what's timing me no oh no
hey you guys yes as you can tell by the
chalkboard behind me I can't draw and
it's also time for a chain so I have
been looking through all the comments on
my last last chain and I'm trying to
find all the questions that have nothing
to do with me being gay my penis or
hating me and I found enough I'm kidding
I found like two which either means you
guys already know everything about me or
you just want me gay and dead or in
other words you're just part of my
family all right let's get to the
questions Joshua wants to know hey Shane
what's your favorite theme park
does my childhood kill lots of emotional
roller coasters definitely a couple
water rides dad and I definitely ate too
much into upon a couple carnies but I've
never been molested by a man in a mouse
costume oh wait Mia no yeah it was my
life the happiest place on earth
if Earth exploded and didn't exist
anymore Bradley wants to know young man
if you gay man wanna fuck you talk about
pussy man well man I'm actually not gay
man I know sit down man you're shocked
man calm down man and I should say I
talk about pussy cuz I like it but in
all honesty it's kind of hilarious to me
yeah I'm gay that explains so much Mac
says your videos are cool but don't make
fun of Jesus I assume you're talking
about my Jesus High idea which you guys
seem to really love but I wasn't making
fun of Jesus I was calling Jesus the
next Disney star ooh
that is bad what I meant to say was the
next Nickelodeon star oh my god even
better I Jesus it's about a teenage boy
who has his own web show with his best
friend Sam but secretly Jesus his best
friend's Mary and they go in love the
wacky adventures and there's always a
ripped his shirt off and dances and
that's about all I know about iCarly
Stevie wants to know if you were able to
be any animal what would you be and why
I would probably be a giraffe not just
because I love their long necks their
beautiful bodies their purple tongues
that look like they just went down on
the telly tubby but I really like about
giraffes is that they are actually the
most dangerous animal alive the force of
their King could actually kick a person
in pass and if I was a draft let's just
say it would be keeping up with the
kardashians and a fucking giraffe
I'd be like oh hey Chloe head Kim hi
Courtney Oh hard rules come by later
closer I just wanna be petted Oh
cause somebody got my phone we can find
this oh that's a good idea
cuz all I need is six seconds to kick
your fucking head off bitch Oh on second
thought I think I'm gonna go beat my
feelings boy damn it
I can never kill the Kardashians even as
a giraffe Kayla wants to know what would
happen if Miley Cyrus died well first of
all that's really sad and I hope that
never happens and second of all I really
um at her funeral the priest puts his
hands on the ground puts his legs up on
her casket and twerk and I hope
everybody that walks by her open casket
instead of leaving her rose they just
lick her I hope her face is sewed up to
look like this ah I love funerals
I have a problem Leia wants to know hey
Shane do you watch the game of Thrones I
do not but it's also what I call when me
and Lisa bowl have to take a shit and
there's only one
toilet mouse and I always win and I even
create my own midget
it's just like a immigrants Oh once you
know who is your first celebrity crush
as much as I want to say Britney Spears
or Hilary Duff I'm pretty sure it was
Steve from Blue's Clues but then of
course after a lot of therapy I changed
it to Britney Spears because that's
healthier inna wants to know hey Shane
what's your talent I fart a lot
I can also work a lot these don't seem
like talents do they okay a real talent
is I can do string face now I'm just
gonna warn you this is fucking insane
and crazy and amazing so you're gonna
want to just maybe pause this video for
a minute and just get ready I really
wish Maya would have told us that before
the wrecking ball video anyways here we
go ready string face how did I do that I
don't know but I'm gonna do it again on
the other side oh my god what if I do it
on both sides wait a minute
is there any on the bottom yeah you know
just like Wayne just cut that oh I cut
it off cut it off oh wait maybe shit I
cut this one too oh shit it's done that
wasn't that impressive was it I could
fart oh yeah America's Got Talent
Aaron wants to know Shane what's your
favorite thing about Surrey probably the
fact that Surrey has some cute little
nicknames for me Shirley what's my name
you're Shane but since we're friends
yeah yeah you do
Kieran wants to know Shane what do you
think of the Jonas Brothers breaking up
I literally have no cares hope wants to
know hey Shane how many times have you
pooped yourself but we're getting to the
serious questions I have actually only
pooped myself maybe twice I've peed
myself a lot mainly because I enjoy the
feeling but pooping myself I'm not
really if they enough mainly cuz I have
a lot of butt hair and it just takes a
long time to get all that out it's the
equivalent of getting bubble gum stuck
in your hair except it's shit in my butt
so it's not the same don't you it what
was the question again
I shit my pants does that answer I don't
want to know if you could be any
youtuber other than yourself who would
it be
I'm gonna go Jenna Marbles she cusses a
lot she has a lot of dogs she never
leaves her part
then her videos are always out of focus
and choose a shitty iMovie music wait a
minute she's made if me and Jenna did
like a Freaky Friday life's pop nothing
would change well I guess I'd have boobs
and she'd have a penis
well he'd have my penis which she'd
probably mistake for vagina MF had boobs
before so it's nothing new for me Jenna
if you're watching this let's not swap
bodies that's boring we can swap fluids
that sounds so much sexier in my head
aren't you guys there you go those are
all the questions for today if you want
to ask me anything else leave me some
comments down at the crotch and maybe
I'll answer it next time also make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
favorite it and send it to all your
friends and make sure to check out my
new main channel video which is up right
now
all right you guys help you happening
with me I hang with you and I will see
you tomorrow lots of thinkers going on
hmm mm-hmm feel good oh no I'm sorry I'm
sorry I went too far I went too far I'm
just gonna go I love you bye crowd I'm
twerking I'm twerking come back with a
man twerk it fuck you guys hey this is
not looks shady as fuck you have any
weed
