god I am so fucking excited because
today I'm gonna do something that I've
wanted to do for a long time I am going
to know exactly what my animals are
thinking actually I don't want to know
that but I am going to be able to
communicate with them so I have this
thing where I feel like my animals
really fucking hate me and they are
secretly plotting my death whenever I
move out but sometimes I will not be
able to find my cat and dog in the house
and then I'll randomly open up a
darkness closet and they'll be in there
communicating and then they turn around
like okay accident killed Batman you eat
like Ali's head I know they want me dead
so I thought I would look on the app
store and see if there was any like cat
and dog translator app and guess what
general now are these at a bullshit and
just a waste of money
yes but there's a small chance at my
work so bitch I'm gonna take it the
perspective on my time I usually help
you can do that is by one come here come
on honey you know I have to do it about
the half from McDonald brightest Mel
good oh look who comes running over yes
that's why I eat an entire large fly
it's like he thinks I got it for him
it's like these I think some part of you
sucks waited okay so now that I got on
here with food it's time to make them
learn oh my god to me I was
home-schooled hold on I need your
different angle is it like this isn't
normal right like there's something
wrong like he's emotionally eating right
we are the same okay you know enough
eating time to talk today so this first
one is literally just called cat
translator first of all I call bullshit
on all of these I don't think it works I
don't understand they're all like emojis
this one just looks like the most
depressed cat in the world so let's get
you dry oh my god wait
give me it's working hold on okay let's
try the other way okay this one looks
excited it's working oh this is sad he
thinks he's gonna have friends and then
it's just a phone me this one's like
crying no fuck literally his friend is
getting murdered and he's walking away
it's like yeah bitch I don't see shit oh
yeah this one looks excited you know you
don't come back I'm excited to hang out
with you
your friend is dying mine don't act like
you don't know me
Oh shady bitch wait I love you there's
also a microphone this is not sponsored
by this just took two of my dollar
hello ha I love you Chino are you
telling me that cat translator app
doesn't work well we working oh
nevermind okay you know you have my
friend
yeah same all this is doing is scaring
my animal and I already know how to do
that I just say come give daddy a hug
let's go to a different house this one's
called human to cat it literally says
don't be mean
this address has to be funny for you and
your pet if your pets become distressed
or aggressive police say be fun and just
going to help my cat figure out how to
kill me you might like that if there's a
different cat this one's name is Mjolnir
which that's all you can come up with at
yummers and so cheesy I can't you right
now that's how I sound in my head like
when I say like in my head that's what I
hear
these are almost
what am i doing on time come on Tito
part of your list
this part is hidden kitty litter I will
go outside and get it by car you know
come on baby it's like he doesn't even
hear it okay come on come back I'm not
to talk to you baby okay so this one
supposedly is another one where I get to
record my voice and it translates in
caridy cheeto ah hi cheeto I love you
you're my favorite love you oh it's
analyzing it hey cheeto are you ready to
hear my secret message wait what I'm so
could it just go away
is this cheeto that we'd oh I think
you're supposed to record your cat's
noise okay well let's try that again if
you don't see something come on oh god
here we go oh yeah say something you
know I know you guys talk about me come
on talk about how you want to kill me
come on wow I know what I could do okay
who's ready to play Hunger Game come on
come on talk to each other come on
finally okay it's analyzing it what did
she go say I have an itch right on the
top of my head care to it this is not
real
if this is real it would say death to
the Queen are you serious right now
no no more food until you guys talk to
me god it's like an angry mother at
dinner no more food until you tell me
about your day how is school come on I'm
a friend I'm a cool mom I'm a hip all
right let's try another app attitude I'm
just going to hang out on the floor with
you this one and supposedly to help you
train her cat yeah that's not going to
work
here we go she's whistles I mean all
right let's try one
the first
and like an odd cheeto I know who don't
like the ad I know you do I've seen your
Instagram you brand deal clean a week
you blowing it
what nothing happening okay I'm gonna
press whistle oh no but I don't know how
to stop it
so now to stop it oh you love daddy in
pain you stop fucking suck try this one
ah nothing like the last one literally
doesn't give a fuck not fazed at all
talk to me
you know all I want you to do is tell me
how much you love me that's a lie I just
want you to tell me that you're not
secretly trying to kill me so I could
sleep alright this one is a dog whistle
oh no okay ooh no wait he's making a
small reaction oh no nevermind ignoring
me literally wishes I didn't live here
alright wait there's another one who
supposedly this one is not audible to
the human ear sometimes he looks at me
like like the same way a target employee
looks at me when I say AHA do you have a
medium come on we're supposed to be
having a conversation okay I'm going to
go back to the one where I record my own
message talk to me I mean I guess I
could just talk to the app hey kiddo how
you doing do you love me just like
talking to real Chino you're lucky
you're barking it was left or you think
a new owner look how excited they get
when somebody comes to the door you know
what they do when I come to the door go
to the other room I want to do I tried
everything I tried every single app
there is none of them were working when
we go back to the App Store wait hold on
I found something that might actually
work
okay so first is
cute but when flash it is not so
something else like one what Mike stop
giving me ad Riverdale you're cute but
why the fuck are you popping up on my
cat translator okay first time I take a
picture
come on cheeto nah you don't you don't I
had food ha ha perfect okay so picture
smile just record a message I love you
dad
you're my favorite and so grateful that
you adopted me / I just have to play
that alright I need to watch it I love
talking to my best Oh
second let's see what I say probably
gonna want to treat okay you know what
I'm just going to stay talking to people
or I gotta go that was me trying to talk
to my dad and it was scary
oh no I'm happy I can't talk to my top
because I feel like I can lie to myself
feel like oh my God look I was you love
me and when you try to get away because
he's afraid to love me too much because
what it like diamond to lose me you know
oh now he's talking and scratching
aren't you guys how the way are the
videos you want to see more videos
Indian cheeto I've been a lot of them
I've made him food hated it I'd give it
a toy he hated of how put a link to a
playlist or top description go I'll make
sure to give this video a thumbs up if
you want me and my animals to do more
videos they would love it that's a new
one
how'd you guys make sure to subscribe my
channel has been on stage about because
we make new videos every single day and
we will see you little cast tomorrow
Oh
