it's Sunday Monday hey what's up you
guys yes it is Sunday and I usually
don't do blogs on Sunday but I thought
what the fuck there's two of me let's do
this so I had some deleted scenes from
my main channel video this weekend and I
thought you know what I might as well
just put them up and they're pretty
funny I just took them out because my
video got really long but these are some
of my favorites deleted scenes from this
week's video and if you haven't seen my
new main channel video what are you
doing go watch it it's called school
dance from Hell which is every school
dance I've ever been to let's just get
the deleted scenes hey what kind of
chocolates do you like something
definitely creamy I like it to be just a
smooth going down as it is coming up
what Shane I have something serious to
tell you is it about your eating
disorder because I think you just told
me no and that's not a disorder since
when is eating mass amounts of junk food
while crying then trying it all up in a
Walmart doily a disorder since forever
Oh what now are you gonna tell me that
the thousands of voices in my head time
you can do more is that this order - yes
ha ha Oh Shane you're so funny
fuck this bitch tonight or I'm gonna do
it oh no problem you fine ass baby maker
damn what I wouldn't give to be those
two pads whoa yeah those are the deleted
scenes hopefully you enjoyed watching
those I was sad that I had to cut them
out of the video but hey you know what
here they are by the way I just want to
say thank you guys for thumbs inge up
thumbs it up is that a word sure why not
thumbs up and favoriting of my new main
channel video means a lot to me I
haven't done a video like that in a long
time and I was nervous that maybe you
guys didn't want me to do sketches
anymore because I've been doing so many
parodies and stuff but you guys really
liked it and that makes me feel happy
both of me because I have a lot more
sketches coming up I'm gonna be doing a
Shane and Friends which I've done in two
years really soon for Halloween and I'm
hoping that you guys like it so I love
you question of the day what was your
favorite part of my main channel video
this weekend and I will see you guys
tomorrow
goodbye from both of us that looks like
legs opening up and a little hairy
vagina oh whoa whoa you guys bye zombie
a packet what the world been taken over
by brainless soulless
stupid creature oh my god
Oh No here they come
