ah hey you don't look like your picture
what picture this one what the fuck hey
what's up you guys okay so I know
usually on Fridays I do gaming with
Shane but honestly I'm so busy today
like it's Friday I have so much going on
like I have so many friends like I have
so many parties to go to like I have so
many outfits to go through like what
should I wear out one of the classy but
I also want to look slutty and I also
want to look vulnerable and I also want
to look you know I mean it's like I have
a lot to do you know do my hair I have
to like put on my diamonds I have to
like call my limo and be like where that
buck are you I'm gonna fire you I'm
gonna ruin your life like I have to call
Amanda Bynes in her mental facility and
be like girl are you okay do you need me
to take over your Twitter because I can
do it I'd call everybody ugly I think
everybody's ugly because they aren't
prettier than everybody okay I have none
of that going on at all except I do
actually call amanda Bynes every day
just you know see how she's doing and
she's always terrible so I guess I might
as well just play a game since I have no
life you guys don't have a life either
perfect this is great so last week you
guys left me a billion comments telling
me to play a game called pop drop pick
which sounds like a disease that the
Fanta girls would get banka banka don't
you want that you might not want it
though because I actually have
poptropica I just found that for my
doctor yesterday don't you want that
mm-hmm all right let's play okay new
player Oh Oh God things are popping up
everywhere a mystery box oh we got to
pick a boy or a girl do you think this
is how God does it do you think when God
made me he was like
let's do the mystery box let's do a girl
how old are you um Oh God
how old am I on the inside I'm about six
Oh God
oh she's hideous why does she look like
a walking talking hemorrhoid oh look she
knows how to roll her eyes just like her
daddy
Oh let's change her name Oh God I didn't
mean to sound terrified I just wasn't
expecting her to change race spotted
star that's that's racist
oh she's white happy octopus what a
coincidence
that's my nickname got a lot of
tentacles let's change her hair cuz this
is looking very Miley at the VMAs Oh
Miley before the VMAs all right let's do
Miley in 50 years so make her gray how
do we stick her tongue out all right how
do we make her just butt naked there we
go oh my god this is her wrecking ball
outfit perfect
okay Miley let's go lick and hump
everything in poptropica virus hunter
island that was practically made for
Miley oh god what's happening I'm
walking here go back to where you came
from Oh dad fine whatever I'll just walk
this way how do I walk this way oh there
we go hey do you have any weed
hello I'm look for weed excuse me fine
I'll find weed somewhere else
whoo hey let's see if she has any weed
hash scuse me do you have any weed
there's always been such a quiet town
but lately I've been seeing a lot of new
people yeah interesting just any of them
have weed there's always been such a
quiet sale but lately has lots of new
people girl you got that good week cuz
you just keep repeating the same thing
over and over again where'd you get that
well bus stop somebody on the bus has
some weed for shower can I strip on this
pole yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
you guys like that you like my strip
moves yeah oh I think she's flying
why is she floating in the air huh oh my
god oh my god she can jump oh this is
the best day of my life hey Birds do you
have any weed Hey look at this nerdy kid
I bet he has weed something strange is
happening in this town but I have no
idea what yeah that's interesting
everything but you have any weed uh-oh
Dork Diaries hash scuse me slut you have
any weed come inside
you can grab a cool quiz and take a
prize Oh graze our weed in there let's
see hey be sure to explore the school
and learn all about me and my secret
crush Shh get the dork power to as
stairs ooh door power maybe that's code
for we what's this
why is Niki mask well super excited at
the beginning of book six I don't
fucking read is this next we excuse me
random Indian girl do you have weed did
Nikki tell you about the dark power
prize it's awesome yeah she did I think
that's weed rat where can I get some of
that
oh fuck you losers I'm leaving let's go
in the Town Hall that's what I call my
butt all click on a player to chat or
battle with battle oh my god she has an
axe what the hell is this Hunger Games
I'm gonna pick this guy because he looks
really high so maybe here's weed I'm
busy but you can still be my friend I
don't want to be your friend I'll be
this emo bitch with the axe hey wanna
battle do you want to play head to head
soup words ah the fuck is that
sure why not find as many words as you
can before the soup gets cold oh this is
a smart people game ah fuck this D ah
see
hey wait there's no K oh let's get out
of here do you fuckin nerds later let's
get out of this city oh let's go to the
back lot we can make a movie Oh
paparazzi really okay let me flash my
vagina wait a minute
you aren't famous hey what the fuck pop
it somebody travelling in a golden blimp
not be a star I am a star Hey look over
there isn't it a former child star Willy
vigil Ming going to Quinn tanks no I'm a
former child star we come back no look
I'm twerking I'm twerking come back and
look at me I'm twerking fuck you guys
hey this is not look shady as fuck give
any weed no don't run Elaine I'm not a
cop I swear I've got a great idea for
script imagine astronauts mix with
medieval knights and robots yeah you're
really fucking high right now so can you
share oh never mind
hey creepy old pedophile with the camera
do any weed lighting composition f-stops
photography is such a lost art yeah
great I really want to get high right
now so I'll suck your dick look look
I'll do this look I'll sit on it and
then I'll roll on it and then I'll hop
on it and then I'll sit boom boom ha ha
ha pretend your dick is right there boom
boom boom boom boom you know I'm saying
no oh fuck you then oooh a wax museum
oh they look hot as hell hey do you guys
have any weed chat battle or friend
let's chat with this bitch hey Evie
reproving a bone
code for do you have any weed oh fuck
she left all right let's get out of here
I'm never gonna find any weed this is so
sad
okay I just got hit by a car wait a
minute I didn't even feel it
maybe I'm high right now yay I'm high
all the time maybe if I jump off the
roof I won't die whee
oh man I'm still alive oh well guess
I'll go to a coffee shop okay this guy
doesn't have weed then there's not a god
I'm working on a killer original
screenplay the Xplode squad it's like
bomb BOTS meets a robot Bonners but in
outer space wow you have so much weed in
your system right now can you please
just a little bit give it to me oh is
that a weed cupcake I think I just put
it my button oh yeah woohoo oh I'm high
oh I'm high let's get out of here I'm
ready to go explore the town oh now that
I'm high where do I want to go you
Charlie the Chocolate Factory this is
perfect I have the munchies hey whoa you
have been doing a lot more than just
weed you need to get help kid woof how
do we get in how do we get in four
people have already found a gold ticket
but there's still one left
yeah I'm Miley Cyrus I don't really need
a gold ticket I just kind of go in daddy
hello somebody let me in
I'm Miley Cyrus I spent all my lunch
money on candy bars and I still didn't
win I don't know what that's like I
never had lunch money because I'm really
fucking rich
yeah mothers are is are you going in
some lucky kids will get to go in with
Wonka's chocolate factory tomorrow I
can't wait to see them in person
Wow you're fucking creepy bye Oh fine
I'll get a golden ticket hello creepy
black midget do you even go ticket slip
if you haven't got any money then scram
uh hello i'm maanna cyrus I literally
have money growing out of my butt right
now come on give me one I'll make it
worth your while
yeah oh you can have all this all you
have
I'll see what I did there oh yeah I
could do that Oh all day long with you
Oh fine never mind all right you guys
I'm getting tired of this game let's do
one more land
- iris needs a break she has been
twerking all over the world
day right where's the last place we
should go let's go to zomb arey island
maybe she'll finally get killed one can
dream oh shit the cops hot I'm not doing
anything hey what's a cop
I heard there's hundreds of zombies on
the other side of the tunnel but I don't
plan on finding out great as long as you
haven't heard that I have weed in my
pocket then we're fine bye oh hello
other cop you look pretty today I don't
have any weed no one's allowed through
that island is under quarantine due to
the zombie outbreak yeah perfect great
as long as you don't think I'd weed then
we're fine but longline I love them no
why wouldn't let me go into the zombies
perhaps I should get more information
before going in there when it's Miley
Cyrus ever wanted more information on
anything Oh
fine let's get more information hey
lesbian with the ugly head where should
I go my husband can get out before they
close the tunnels I hope he's okay yeah
he's probably dead bitch how do I get in
there oh never mind let's see what's
inside the cinema if I want to see a
movies about zombies I would just watch
the last song I was practically a
motionless and dead during that whole
movie anyways Hey look when my crabs how
did you get out of my pants darling it's
better down where it's wetter I know
why'd you leave my pants life is the
bubbles under the sea yeah having fart a
lot sorry about that
I'm getting the fuck out of here twerk
twerk twerk twerk twerk twerk twerk
twerk twerk twerk twerk twerk twerk
twerk twerk everybody Larry guys go that
was me playing poptropica with Miley
Cyrus I don't understand that game and I
don't know what just happened but
hopefully it was fun to watch let me
know down in the comments what game you
want me to play next also make sure to
check out my brand new video on my main
channel it's my first sketch that I've
done in months it's really fucking funny
and really crazy and I worked really
hard on it so it would mean the world to
me if you went over it gave it a thumbs
up and commented it and did all that fun
stuff and yeah I love you guys hope you
have fun hanging with me - hang with you
and we will show you next week and
tomorrow and probably every day for rest
my life let's talk twerk twerk twerk
what what I meant to say was
hey are you safe are you okay daddy
don't judge also are there any hot young
bitches in this party okay uh no I'm not
saying yes always where I am perfect
daddy's coming
