in this room man
no hey guys welcome to the creepiest
family portrait and ever complete with a
pig unit Pig hey you too Pig I thought
you were calling me the thing featuring
this pig and this little pig you're
another Pig you're perfect oh thanks dad
this got real creepy yeah real bad so as
you guys know this is Lisa my girlfriend
and this is Alexis hi y'all my
girlfriend no cuz that's illegal tell
everybody who you are hi my name is
Alexis juice all I am really short and I
make the jokes on YouTube that's not
what you really short and I make the
jokes on you to be is my mom after all
I'm gonna win so what we're doing is
because basically me and Lise are
obsessed with her and we want her to be
our child but we decided to cut that
content the challenge really where she
is going to ask each of us questions
about being good parent the other one is
going to put on earphones and a
blindfold so you don't know what the
answers are and then at the end she's
gonna pick who she wants to be the
parent what are we getting divorce do
something yeah
only one of us gets today the real pair
yeah I wish I could have done this
before I was born
anyway so Lisa since this is on my
channel I have to be blindfolded this
whole time the whole time great and I
have some beautiful sounds of Miley
Cyrus's new album Bangerz going on here
don't make me do
it's gonna make you a great parent get
ready for the bangers bangers bangers
bangers bangers bangers bangers fine
here's to work yes the answer is always
yes this is awkward
you're talking very loudly you're like
my mom would use on her cell phone we
can hear you so I feel like these these
are the most important questions I want
to know if I got to choose my parents so
first question I call you late at night
from a party you needed a ride home what
is the first question that you ask how
many hot young bitches are the party um
I mean hey daddy don't judge all right
that's good I was thinking are you safe
that works okay what I meant to say was
hey are you safe are you okay daddy
don't judge also are there any hot young
bitches in this party okay uh no I'm not
saying yes always where I am perfect
daddy's coming okay second question what
is considered an acceptable grade in
school an acceptable grade what would
make you love me
whoa this is a trick question because as
a daddy I would say fuck school yeah who
needs school anyways cuz people who go
to school don't end up doing anything I
didn't go to school we're on the
internet now hey high five you're
nailing this third question I don't know
my drivers for me yet will you let me
practice in our neighborhood well
technically the government shut down
right now so you don't need any permit
any license you can do anything you want
it's basically the purge yeah
that's exactly why I was at like a 20
daddy let's go kill people yes
okay follow-up question you let me do
that I crash the car what is my
punishment you know what your punishment
I'm gonna let you go to jail but here's
why you're going to be safe you're going
to be fine
but you're going to come out so famous
that you're going to be just a Quincy
Lohan that will just give you more you
know um inspiration for your novel but
you're going to write right after you
come out of prison
yeah we're just saying what style oh
it's
you guys this album is actually really
good no really there's a kind of it yeah
better this I think you you could come
out really famous like what's the first
thing you would do if you came out of
prison and you are the most famous
criminal world Wow well I would probably
immediately mount wrecking ball dude
perfect yeah this so cuz that's that's
where you go from him see I'm not the
kind of daddy that wants to molest so I
don't know I don't know if you could
turn out to be like Miley you could turn
out to be like no they've all been
molested I can't even think of a child
star maybe Raven yeah for the animated
ones haha combustible yeah she was
probably not molested she got her oh my
god this is you best day of my life okay
the new iPhone comes out and I
absolutely need one because my friend
Sarah has one so how do you handle this
we still won yeah because I'm showing
you valuable lessons like anything you
want in life you give me I mean you
can't wait for people to give you things
you don't take them with your hands
there's so many at the Apple store
they're just sitting there
go in and you go pow pow pow and then
everybody gets down and then you you cut
the charger these are attached your
charger in the App Store and then you
get out of there get the fuck out of
there real fast we would make a great
right now with over like a yes yeah
let's go kill people again if you laugh
about it then it's not serious
yep guys this is really fun I'm really
really good time good sons final
question okay for Shane's channel I've
been invited to a boy-girl sleepover can
I go and why either way well you're not
going to be doing much sleeping anyway
uh yes I'd say you can go but I mean I
don't think you're going to because
you're gonna have so much fun with me at
home you're gonna be like why am I going
to is good party when I can stay home
with dad and kill people yeah you know
like sometimes you have to you have to
grow up leave the nest like I'll go to
college someday
- what yeah you'll go to like a college
like online right so that you can stay
at home with Daddy you know I kind of
want to go like Virginia Tech was named
on the top 30 schools
wait and like you'll get a job like as
daddy's best friend ever
uh but a stripper with Daddy it's like a
tag team okay yeah I can just um you
know your legs are pretty long I can
work that well on that note
she has five more questions and
therefore Lisa so if you go to Lisa's
channel you'll be able to check those
out I'll be mindful did and hopefully
all we listening to bangers banging hers
is bangers anger is offending us and
then on her channel at the very end of
this she's going to pick which one of us
is going to be the parent ah follow me
hmm really a second want so but we'll
see really special it's not serious if
you laugh about
only question of the day make up any
question for me about being a parent and
I'll answer in a video later on what do
you want to know what should I do my
question would have been like how would
you explain the birds and the bees to me
okay why are they called the birds in
the bees that's my first question
because it's a hunter-gatherer and then
clearly she is did you guys see you
later
