it's been a zombie apocalypse what the
world been taken over by brainless
soulless stupid creature oh my god
oh no here they come
hey what's up
you wanna see my underwear you want to
see my sexy ass underwear that I wear
every day I know you just imagine in
like damn what Shane got under their
pants I bet it's something beautiful I
better some sexy as hell I bet it's
something that like you could just put
your hand through and like wear like a
little bangle like some kind of jewelry
something you could like just spin
around do cartwheels with on your hand
pubes flying everywhere
you could do some kind of a ribbon dance
with it I know you jealous
it's okay girl there's enough underwear
to go around for everybody literally
these are like will fucking huge I could
probably fit like 12 we all up in here I
mean seriously these are huge I have
issues hey what's up you guys yes I am
sharing in my underwear because I need
to clean out my closet and I have not
even started I'm looking for an outfit
today that is like a dad outfit because
I'm about to film a dad type video so
I'm trying to find something dad ish and
I don't know what that means I didn't
have a dad speaking of problems I talk
about a lot of them today on my podcast
I'm so excited gods brand new episode of
my podcast Shane and friends with o2 L
our second life you don't know their
YouTube channel and they think their boy
band and I talked to them and I got real
funny and real uncomfortable and real
real so if you want to check that out
it's on iTunes and SoundCloud I'll put
the links down there it's really funny
and by funny I mean uncomfortable
because it was me talking to about five
gay looking straight guys and me thank
you looking straight guy it got really
gay and looking straight all right let's
turn into dad hey what's up you guys I'm
just your average normal guy dressed in
a sweater vest I'm not a serial killer
what I'm not gonna stab you in your
sleep
what I'm not gonna drive around your
house in a minivan with drugs in my car
what
no I really haven't going to do all
those things yes I am dressed up like a
father today because I'm about to film
the video with my favorite youtuber of
all time Alexis geeze all if you don't
know who she is and you better recognize
and she's a really young girl and I'm a
really old man so it's going to get
weird we're doing a video where me and
Lisa are gonna compete to be her parent
and at the end of it she's going to pick
which one of us she wants a video is
going to be a I think on Thursday and
then after this Joey's coming over and
I'm going to be his parents but not real
parent like a weird sexual thing
but he's gonna call me daddy god this
just got weird okay here she is my maybe
soon to be child uh you just look like
me I do but younger yeah no just kidding
Shane yeah Shane and I are totes besties
he's my dad if you guys didn't know like
don't worry about you know the specifics
for the ages like it just kind of gloss
over that like you would a high school
biology course totally just pretend like
it didn't happen exactly that's how I
feel about it so yeah we're a family now
it kind of just happened on just now but
it's legit if you guys want to see this
video stay tuned it's gonna be up later
next week and you'll get to see who wins
who wins the chunk
I can't tell spoiler is Aki yeah because
it's hard to big appearances oh okay
okay it's okay just go cry okay okay
I'm gonna leave I'm gonna leave I don't
want her I don't want her anymore
I want my away speaking of children
Miley's dressed up is me when I was a
kid oh my god I just called corny my
weight no wonder she's running away
sorry corny I'm a terrible parent
okay guys guess who's here my girlfriend
Joey
Oh Anne Lisa hey so we're gonna film a
video I went on Twitter and I said what
should we do and of course everybody
said fuck including you
yeah what I really wanna what do you
wanna what corny could get involved that
she wants it you just have to watch but
no but we decided you know the tumblr
tag went pretty well like we uh we look
black there we go oh there it is
tumblr - your hair is beautiful it look
you it's you it looks kind of like like
God is going just blowing to the side by
the way like I need to get my hair cut
pretty soon at some point I'm going to
chop all my hair are you I don't know if
I could pull you off really no no you
seen those pictures where they like
combine our faces together can we do
that but I put my face on your butt and
then we combine our balls together we we
all right well we're gonna try to figure
out what kind of vlog to film hopefully
it involves my balls in your face
I mean what what what corny how about
corney's vagina on both of our faces
yeah oh he's so tired we just filmed
such a long video oh I'm so worn out
uh-uh-uh-uh now we just film the video
it's gonna be a bad tomorrow and it's a
weird one that was long ago just what
this oh this no what are you trying to
say
every angle is good this is how you work
you're like hey so like that's how I
hold my camera when you should do that
it's more flattering it's like first of
all I'm confident with myself that I
don't need to look like a skinny
eight-year-old I'm fine being down here
and be a real spa I'm privy like that
you know why because because people will
watch my videos because they love me for
me so if all my blog startup hey wassup
girl partner doing they were thumbs it
up it doesn't work for me damn it fuck
you um so we were just looking at his
new he had a brand new phone and he has
slow motion on it
jealous so he filled me dancing and then
put it in slow motion and I looked
beautiful I mean the angle was from here
let's look beautiful but my phone
doesn't have it so let's pretend like my
phone has it ready give me your best
slow motion dance I might do well I mean
it's a dance not seizure but ok I'll
take whatever that was oh yeah I know
that's good that's good that's good
yeah oh yeah oh that's now I'm
uncomfortable ok great
maybe I don't need a new phone I don't
think I need to see slow motion ever
again what was my son's pull-up mine you
delete it
are you fucking kidding me the second
you delete you could have kept that and
looked at it broken something happen
I'll do another one and all fine we'll
do another one and then I'll show you it
it's gonna be just not going to be
beautiful because it's the second time
around
ok ready all right I'm really out of
breath I just danced let's see if it
works
oh my god I'm a fucking angel oh my god
you need to keep that forever look at
those locks and by the way you're really
close to your face you're mean you know
what they're fine with this I'm gonna
end my blog like this alright guys I
love you is that is this too close for
you Joey give a problem with this
don't be rude and disrespectful alright
guys see you later maybe all to be over
y'all favor
question of the day am I too close
no really question of the day do you
like the way I vlog should I change it
because Joey thinks I should should I
start filming all my vlogs like this
this is not what I said so like all my
vlogging me like this now is that what
you want I mean ha ha that's what I want
I know let me know down in the comments
and also I hope you guys are having fun
hang with me because we have fun hanging
with you and we will see you we will see
you tomorrow here we're gonna do a weird
challenge and there's gonna challenge
yes it is I call everything not
everything's a challenge for me yeah
right you guys good bar my corny hey
Shane can you drop it like the Sun I
don't really understand that but I'm
gonna give it a try
