I'm canceling our day what why I mean I
got a new outfit I got a haircut
I had minor plastic surgery to make me
have less gay face Oh Shane those are
all things you needed anyways Shane on
Monday hey what's up you guys yes it is
time for another exciting edition of ask
Shane and I thought it'd be fun to find
a special guest on the show so ladies
and gentlemen my friend Joffrey a wicker
giraffe yep I need real friends but I am
real shame hey my cocaine finally
kicking in let's start with the
questions Katie wants to know hey Shane
when are you gonna do a normal sketch on
your main channel so yes I know I've
been doing a lot of spoofs and parodies
and stuff on my main channel because
it's fun to do but I do have this Friday
a brand new sketch it's fucking awesome
seven minutes long there's lots of wigs
lots of characters lots of black people
it's old school shade and you're gonna
love it and by old school Shane I mean
it still hasn't dealt with the tissues
yet and still living with its mom haha
I'm laughing cuz I'm uncomfortable Flint
wants to know do you watch any anime or
mangas if by anime you mean squid porn
then yes Sanchez wants to know how old
are you and what do you look for in a
girl I'm 25 and I look for her to be
blind deaf and really self-conscious now
in all reality I look for a sense of
humor and for her to be blind deaf and
really self-conscious
Jack wants to know Shane have you ever
considered having a sex change and I
wanna say yeah
I mean the thought of having a vagina
where you could like store things inside
of it sounded really cool to me and then
I remembered I have a butt so I can do
that too ladies car keys Miriam wants to
know how many times have you been asked
out well in all honesty never on the
internet I get outside all the
usually by children and then I say no
that's legal meet me on skype and nobody
will know about it but in real life
nobody's ever really came up and asked
me I'm date
sometimes lady the grocery store asked
me if I want help out on my car
yes rosemary the beautiful pregnant
teenage girl that works at the Ralph's
registered I do want help out to my car
maybe we can drive off into the sunset
together but we have to be home pretty
early because I have no kimitaka metal
spoiled what would you do if you found
out that rebecca black was actually
mexican blaze wants to know hey Shane
can you skateboard no blaze I can't do
anything athletic except for use the
shape way and that's only because I have
a lot of practice doing this which of
these is the most important thing in
life eh well be happiness see education
or D wisdom I'm gonna go with e watching
that so Raven all day on Netflix while
eating a bowl of cheese curls I also
enjoy pleasuring myself while watching
that's a raven mainly because every five
minutes she goes yeah nice tan it turns
me on Jojo wants to know hey Shane if
you had your own show on Disney Channel
what would it be about well Disney
Channel shows are always really
realistic you know like a girl who's a
psychic or a girl who's really a pop
star or a dog who has a blog that's a
show so mine will be about a guy who's
really Jesus but he has to pretend like
he's a normal teenager but don't invite
him to your pool party because you'll
fucking freak the shit out of people
when he starts walking on it and then at
the end of the season he gets crucified
it's the big cliffhanger and then right
before the episode ends he'll go oh
don't worry I'm coming back next season
spoiler alert I resurrect the theme song
is something like he's a teenager
but he's Jesus but don't tell anyone
because it's a secret his daddy's
guarding his mom is Mary now sleeping
having to go somewhere scary high school
high school
Jesus Jesus high high school I feel
turning water into wine and then at the
end he's crucified created by shame I
watch it but I just hope Jesus grows up
okay really hope he doesn't turn out to
be like Miley Cyrus nobody wants to see
a bloody Jesus - working on a cross
nobody Emily wants to know Shane what's
your signature dance move when you go to
the club hi I'm Elaine my name's Shane
nice to meet you you must not know me at
all do I look like I've ever been to a
club unless Supercuts Yogurtland and the
ball pit at Chuck E Cheese count as a
club although they can find some
sweet-ass pussy up in that ball but you
know what I'm saying
no you don't me neither but if I do ever
go to a club I guess my signature move
would probably be the Justin Bieber
which would basically be me surrounding
myself with big black people who are
stealing my money and then ignore my mom
and piss on everything in the club
swag Isabel wants to know if you had a
tattoo what would it be well I love my
mom very much so I would probably get
mom tattooed somewhere on my body I'd
probably get an M on each of my butt
cheeks think about it and last but not
least Christian wants to know is Shane
can you drop it like the Sun I don't
really understand that but I'm gonna
give it a try today you guys go those
are other questions for today's a shame
if you want to ask me anything else
leave some comments down there also give
this video a thumbs up and favorite it
and send it to your friends and tweet it
and don't forget to subscribe
that was my failed attempt at drawing a
subscribe button on my wall and now it
just looks like a bloody pad alright you
guys I love you out there fighting with
me i fighting with you and i'll see you
mom bye and look she's twerking ah shall
we teach working with uh yeah show me
what you working with ah from the front
to the back
ah from the sax that
