it's working helps me get my shit out
yeah maybe that's what Miley's doing
maybe she's just trying to shit hey
what's up you guys now I don't know
about you but I'm in one of those moods
where I just want to kill people you
know what I mean just like what are
those moods but instead of going out and
actually killing people because I'm too
lazy and I would never survive in jail
look of his haircut look of his shirt
raped I decided to play happy wheels
because hey might as well kill a bunch
of fake people I wonder if that's how
God feels on that creepy note let's
start playing blue an old man and he's
really close to death I want to kill him
let's browse levels all right what have
I not played yet the office that's a
good show this should be fun okay let's
see I remember how to do this forward
right okay going to work going to work
helping out a pencil and going to oh my
god that sounded like me hey at least my
kid is okay is he okay he's bleeding
pretty heavily come on kid come on my
kid work with me yeah there we go there
we go now he's okay
Oh No Oh see that's what happens when
you spend time with your father and this
is what happens when you don't
so either way not good all right let's
try who can in town it's what I call my
button goes down hands oh okay well
still got one leg okay never mind still
got both arms
come on can I come in come on come on Oh
this idiot deserves to die if Soul
Surfer could win a national surfing
contest with one arm why can't this
fucker get off a Segway with two arms
moving on gut buss extreme yeah yeah
we're gonna do that yeah or in other
words what it feels like after you go to
Hometown Buffet well you look like
before you go to Hometown Buffet and
what you look like Esther let's go with
the after all right so I guess we go
down here oh no oh god oh god he did oh
look she's eating bread out now okay uh
she's fat she can't get up let's try
this again huh nope
hey look she's twerking I shall we would
teach working with yes yummy would you
twerk
ah from the front of the back ah from
the sides that and we're back to the
same ah alright one more try Oh huh oh I
think I figured it out
come on come on oh oh I did not figure
it out I did not figure it out
Oh hurts working isn't a sexy anymore oh
but why am I still turned on let's get
out of here
it keeps happening something you also
hear in the bathroom Hometown Buffet
let's go with the kid I don't think he's
died enough today oh my god Oh Trix Trix
Trix Trix
oh the dad is still fine let's see how
long the dad will live he's like I'll
thank God I had a child it's breaking
all my fault
oh well good lasts forever
hey look his entrails are still going
and there it is well look the bike is
still going with a heart on it nope
darts flying and it's dead
all right great I like that one ooh DC
metro station there's nothing I love
more than a bus accident Oh perfect on
the kid again no don't die yet wait is
that us what clones hello oh excuse me
do you know the way to the bus oh
because you don't never mind
oh there it is huh perfect oh no wait
we're almost in it uh we're gonna not go
to Disneyland today to me
I'm sorry dad II tried goodbye Timmy Wow
it's just brought back so many childhood
memories alright let's play another one
and let's do happy Halloween maybe is
almost Halloween let's play with Santa
his gay elves oh ho ho happy Halloween
everybody
oh come on no you're oh come on hey fuck
up oh I can fly
Hey look at that it's magic oh oh well
the magic was fun for a second wow this
is like the human centipede at least
Santa's not in the front right alright
let's go to ghetto dunk I like both of
those words this is the
really racist and this family should not
be riding around in this neighborhood
hello
oh no we're just looking around oh hello
Kim what are you doing oh god oh god
what's happening
Oh woo hey pimp
can you sell us I'm sure some kinky
bastard would be into it no okay great
let's try that one more time because I
feel like I can get it alright we got
this we got this kid nope
hold on we're almost there hold on hold
on hold on ah why did we explode
we're bodies not bombs all right let's
play one more game I'm almost good with
my need to kill people fix almost I want
this one to be intense I want to kill
somebody a hundred and fifty eight times
wait I just saw concert I've always
wanted to see people die at a concert
who do I want to kill in the concert yep
this family single working mother hey
guys oh you're here for the concert me
too
yay oh oh oh everybody you fucking
killed everybody's getting killed
tonight person's arms floating in
mid-air oh yeah no I want to kill more I
think what I need to do is jump a little
bit higher what song do you think
they're all listening to I think they're
at a Rebecca Black concert 7 a.m. waking
up in the morning 10 and I gotta go
downstairs gotta eat cereal shit fuck
sitting in the front seat in the back
seat with she gonna say well all of them
get you killed so none of them ooh
each Friday Friday killing motherfuckers
on Friday everybody's lookin forward to
heaven and hell yeah right there guys go
that was dope there you there you are I
was looking over here this is just a
booger and a little scab that's gross
hey guys so that was me playing happy
wheels hopefully you had fun watching
cuz I had fun playing it hasn't stopped
yeah leave me a comment letting me know
what game you want me to play next and
I'll play them hope you have fun day
with me I hang with you and I will see
you tomorrow and also if you want to see
more of my gaming videos
made a playlist and I'll put the link
right there right under my beard yeah
click it you know you want to click it
it's right here check it oh you click my
beard oh you touched it
oh you have so many diseases now so many
hi I just got all dress and stuff cuz I
I'm just I have a date with the team I'm
just gonna I was gonna watch TV I don't
need you bitch
