is it creepy that Shane does a lot of
drag do you know what oh wait - II still
you know black shirt with nothing
underneath I got some really long hair
and some yellow as teeth and crotch
stains all over my pants that's the last
time I grind with the girl with pooping
up pants hey are there big eyes yes I'm
just you know writing songs I'm an
artist speaking of art I'm about to have
an art project done on my head I'm gonna
get a haircut and I know what you're
saying Shane you just got a haircut well
my hair grows very fast also I need to
get my hair cut a little bit shorter for
I told you guys last week or two weeks
ago about the TV show I'm pitching well
we're pitching it this week and I need
to have my hair a little bit shorter
they want me to look like a man not a 12
year old boy go figure
so they're probably gonna cut like that
much off not that much I'll still look
gay but I'm gonna be honest guys at the
beginning of next year if this show
actually happens I might have to cut all
my hair off not like Miley Cyrus more
like gay British youtuber and I'm kind
of a mixture of both so it should be
great and I'm a whole different person
okay so it's not that much shorter but
hey one step at a time okay one inch at
a time
Ethel's risa so now I'm on my way back
home me and Lisa are gonna have a date
night I don't know what we're gonna do
it's most likely going to be me and her
eating ice cream on the couch watching
American Idol reruns from 2002 Oh Kellie
Pickler and Kelly Clarkson had two
favorite Kelly's and I think we're going
to some restaurant that we've never been
to so hoping for diarrhea I'm like one
food poisoning away from my goal weight
just like one let's see what's on the
radio I need a new haircut song on the
same one just appear underneath it's all
the same a song about being gay goes
with my hair
even if I tried even if I got my whole
account still looking game ah try even
if I got a six-pack and a beard I'll
always look kinda gay because it's my
friends I just hooked a fish I can't
help it
same love date night date night it is
date night it is day night right yeah
I'm going out tonight so I'll see you
later
oh yeah yeah no that's who you going
with date night we don't really suppose
talk about those things
oh no no no yeah cool have fun uh I just
got all dress and stuff cuz I I'm just I
have a date with the team I'm just gonna
I was gonna watch TV I don't need you
bitch JK Z's we're going out on a date
night first we have to pick up our dog
from the doggie hotel because she's
fancier than us she's everything we're
not and then we're gonna go to a the
same restaurant we go to every fucking
night because it's a special night right
and then she's gonna leave me good times
look who just got out of the hotel how
many foods did you fuck tell me how many
be honest huh she's hiding you are
recording where you going you're going
to find more dudes I'll give you a hint
they're not in that minivan away from
her mommy that's how you got me I was in
a minivan sitting outside the school you
were dropping off your kids you found me
yeah I made up the whole backstory for
us just for date night oh you know how
it ends I kill you and wear your skin as
day night date night or in the dressing
room right now a story she just got the
hottest fart date still burned this is
right now we're trying to find it out I
can't even breathe which other can you
like throw up I need another smell maybe
your period blood needs something
anything is better than that fart no
puppy-dog face
dead you killed that puppy before
absolute return to find an outfit for me
hey what's up like it's like it's you
know it's like I'm growing up a little
bit but I'm also getting a little bit
gay or as I grow up Todd how I like you
I know so we're trying to find something
for this pitch meeting I was telling you
guys about
I just I need what's that that's a
thought that was a mole a tumor
seriously my throat hey so public about
it well you know what's funny they
probably think when you're doing
something dirty and we are dirtier than
they'd ever expect dirty poopy masty
yeah okay so we're at this ice cream
place where they make ice cream like
they're making meth and she's cooking in
a big hole and then they put this weird
stuff on it and then it may
she's like God which comes out of this
thing it's like a cold dip hold dick
that pisses cold piss it's like my day
all right here we go this is what making
drugs is like the we make drugs
they'd poop it's not look that does not
look good at all if this is what making
drugs is like let's not make thrush I
mean it looks like this it looks like
when horny gets into like our cheat day
pile of candy I'm like actually afraid
do it that's the same facing me after
our first kiss the texture is like
that's exactly what you set after our
first kids all right
I'm trying it
real sweet you know what it's better
than poop sub-zero I give you guys
rating a better than poop but not as
good as blood I have a message for you
all of you out there well would you do
if you saw was that home crying all
alone on the bedrooms no cuz he's hungry
and the only way to feed him is I could
sleep with on being a fun little bit of
money daddy's gone you smoking crack now
another write down ain't got a jack now
just a good time baby this is my whole
life oh no I could yeah I love it really
what would you do so myself
correct answer alright you guys it's the
end of the night and for the record she
has been pretty all night I fart once
and he gets you to sit on camera and he
farts all night is not true you know
what else isn't true that we're in a
relationship I don't know if you guys
saw this but on my last week's video
called the girlfriend challenge every
single comment including the top rated
comment thumbed up by herself you found
that up right the comment said obviously
Lisa is not Shane's girlfriend because
Shane is gay and obviously Shane is
paying Lisa to make videos with him I'm
still waiting on the jack
I have not paid her yet but let's set
the record straight we are best not yet
sisters
we're Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
yeah no we're actually together or not
maybe looking young like the door you
have the keys see this is relationship
shit guys unlock the door for me bitch
yeah yeah you do that you earn your keep
you earn your paycheck question of the
day who do you want to have a fake
relationship with my fake relationship
is with Joey Graceffa who's yours with
my other fake relationship is with her
I'm kidding we have a real relationship
and for people that says it's fake keep
saying it's fake because it makes us
look like the underdogs my dad
definitely think it's fake yeah my mom
hopes it's fake she hates you lies she
loves me anyways I'm gonna go fart I
love you guys help yet but hang with us
we were funding with you and even if our
relationship is fake just know that our
relationship me and you it's real I'm
comfortable around you oh I love you
guys bye hate to be fat pieces of shit
just kidding I'm over here you guys are
idiots
you really thought that was me oh my God
look at Kunming
fucking slut I would never although I am
showing you my pussy right now
