does this make me look like I like pussy
I've tried everything else
hey what to be fat pieces of shit just
kidding I'm over here you guys are
idiots you really thought that was me oh
my God look at Kuhn makeup fucking slut
I would never although I am showing you
my pussy right now but whatever it was
it a cut I am never hooking up with a
guy with braces again I was disgusting
hey what's up you whores I don't know
about you but I'm feeling like a corny
bug I feel really comfortable around you
guys now so like I'm just gonna lay down
like I'm not even gonna sit and do my
hair were 10 like I give a fuck cuz I
don't I might even poop so a lot of you
guys wanted me to talk about shipping I
wish I could get on the ship just sail
away from all the pain and troubles that
this life is causing me but I can't
because I'm stuck here and I can't do
anything without my owner but enough of
my problems let's talk about shipping so
let's start with hashtag shall we or
should I say hashtag kill me right
kidding I want to kill them to myself
I'm not an idiot so showy is made up of
Shane Dawson and Joey Graceffa Graceffa
sounds like a disease and Shane is a
disease so they're perfect how come
nobody's shipping me I should be shipped
with somebody that nobody wants to be
shipped with oh my god me and Kevin
Jonas they could call us corn Onis
anyways I'm gonna lick my pussy I'm done
with this conversation
oooh corn Nonna's what did you give me
just kidding I got that from her a lot
of you guys also wanted me to talk about
Miley Cyrus and I'm not going to cuz I
don't care bye bitches I'm just kidding
I'm still here I want to show you guys
my mom she's going out with Shane she's
such an idiot what's your name um Lisa I
can see your ass mom come on what are
you doing
why are you talking about me and
third-person like I'm not even here dude
my nails oh thank god I've been
wondering when you were gonna cut those
monsters
hey yours are pretty big too I bet
that's the big chains never heard before
thing what is that you Polish food made
there can I drink it no please no please
no it'll make me see things that aren't
here it'll make this life so much more
interesting than it is oh girl that's
why I drink wine can I drink that yes
great I want to be an alcoholic like you
move oh I can't wait to be an alcoholic
speaking of alcoholics let's talk about
Shane's daddy issues I'm kidding
seriously can we talk about that
I mean happened to be with him with all
this issues I mean a girl I don't even
know what I would do like I would kill
myself like I am so scared of it girl
that's why I drink wine oh fuck
yes let's get some wine girl I'm on
board I'm gonna leave you okay okay bye
see you later alcoholic okay I want to
show you my house this pretend like this
is MTV Cribs hurry up you're fat slow so
this is where I just peed and then I'm
licking it up because I'm classy as fuck
this is my luggage
one day I'll be able to get away from
this place one day I'll be able to get
all my problems behind me as I float
away on a plane but until then I'm here
all right guys the vlog is over I'm done
I'm about to hook up with this fat fuck
that's another thing Lisa says sing so
let me a comment letting me know like
what I should talk about next week I
probably won't read any of the comments
because I mean who the fuck reads
comments losers but you can leave them
cuz you're losers huh see you fat
fucking bitches later yeah yeah keep
doing that keep doing that never stop
doing that oh my god oh my god oh my god
I'm such a lesbian bye hey there was
another corny vlog cuz you guys wanted
more corny vlogs because corny blogs are
the best right she was terrified during
this plug she kept running away and
peeing everywhere why are you so afraid
you're afraid of the spotlight you're
afraid of the camera she's afraid of
what she might turn into me as you guys
I'll be offending with corny eyes she
had fun hang with you actually she
didn't choose me miserable oh my god oh
I look after I make videos dad I had you
guys who loved you see later look found
a boyfriend Oh
corny don't cheat on me corny look over
there oh no she's like oh my god - kiss
my face she's like open for business
