I'm part Baker and we're gonna make out
yeah well actually got to make out with
every guy you see Oh God okay hey what's
up you guys oh my god where am i where
am i where am i where am i this isn't
home okay it is home our little office
had a makeover
I got a chalkboard wall I mean let's be
honest it's just gonna be full of
penises in like a day I got a new desk
I got Joffrey we have a tree that's
gonna die we have this cool design on
the wall we have a piece of art that
says blow me and Courtney has her own
sex corner she's had so many men in
there this week you so yeah I'm
really excited I'm glad the room got a
makeover
maybe I'll get a makeover next we can
help Lisa's friends came over these two
girls their channel is called fabulous
on a budget which is very different from
my life which is gross on a budget
anyways they redid our whole room for
free and they made a little video about
it so I'll put the link somewhere you
can check it out speaking of fabulous
right now I'm getting ready because soy
or Hut minutes coming over and we're
gonna do a video which you guys have
probably already seen I got lights
I got a blender and I got a Jesus candle
you're not gonna want to see this let's
get you started there might be a body in
that trash can and we might have done it
that was a good one even with that face
what good you're still what up soy sauce
saucy soy chicken hmm
love Mexicans love Mexican food more but
can't eat it because you know hips don't
lie I'm straight through you
it goes in me and then out of me like a
slippin now you're just giving away all
my secrets sneaking your garbage so what
are we must to do with it we are playing
innuendo bingo so we're gonna be
blasting each other in the face with
water from our mouths this water yeah
yeah I got other liquids around my house
Oh five minutes later and I am
completely soaking wet
so is he you could tell by the nipples
now you everything made you wax
everything what I find the cure life I
need you to be around all the time so I
feel hilarious because you just laughed
at everything
look you're laughing at that you can't
what are you you're on something and I
want it I'm not sure oh my god well I'm
sure you guys have already seen the
video but you know
yikes it was it was an event you look
did you dye your hair from the bottom
now it's black so many things come out
of your mouth that are so close to being
racist so close it was just it was like
so close okay so that's it it's gonna go
and I am going to dry off and just clean
up you do with all this witness do you
know that wasn't racist but that made me
uncomfortable
boyfriend Corning don't cheat on me
corny music open for business
she's like my eyes are down there come
on what would you guys a ship name be
Koya Koya I knew her in high school or
it could be or storm sore knee I had one
of those in high school no it's like a
sore like what corn he's like listen
girl it wasn't mine alright you guys I
am in my car right now and I am on my
way to go to a podcast now my own
podcast it's a my friend podcast rhett
and Link and we are going to be talking
about all my childhood problems I'm sure
and hopefully not about Miley Cyrus I'm
done I'm over it I'm lying I want to
talk about her more so I took a shower
and it changed because I had Sawyer spit
all over me hashtag things Shane says
hashtag I hate my life
Lionel Richie hairless cat Abe Lincoln
where
my I don't know I don't either
let's get out of here what is that this
is the mythical male Boulder Shane this
is where our people send us things in
the mail we glue them on to this just
growing and men's on a lazy susan when
you get big enough we're gonna bring it
over to your place I have some wait a
minute is that what I think it is oh
never mind
I I had a 12 year old I had no a 15 year
old send us a cast of his penis and my
mom took it because she thought it was
hilarious
so it's on her mantel Oh what year old
18 so we are here we just did your
podcasts you have your little seance
table over here your biscuits we didn't
tell you oh yeah your biscuits I like
that when is it gonna be up this is not
going to be able right now it may be
three weeks
thanks all right we're gonna do a
website they can go to where the how do
they go what are they gonna do they're
gonna just have to go search your
biscuits we haven't figured any of this
out well really unless we get shane
dawson our podcasters know really
desecurity getting a little ahead you
were getting a little ahead of the game
I know just to have a little buffer but
it's I think I think our first episode
goes live on Saturday Saturday this
Saturday and unfortunately we have
guests that you've already seen on
Shane's podcast Daily Grace you know
what she says different stuff people I'm
sure she does what if she said the exact
same thing no because you guys i sat
over here and I said stuff I've never
said to anybody not even on my own
parent what is something that you said
to us like don't say what it is but yeah
just kind of tell them what they can
expect like what's up I have only told
us about
I might have revealed something really
really really big about my sexuality
that I've never revealed to anybody so
if you guys want to hear about it
we're gonna have to check out your
biscuits this is great your biscuit
seeker is the source all right guys so
follow all of us on Twitter I guess
we'll tell you what are your biscuits
and look I signed the table they have a
table and I signed it right next to
grace it's under your shade it's thanks
for letting me talk about my problems in
my day
oh no I'm giving everything away dump is
my sexuality um so up DeFranco what are
you right
I love tacos oh god no I I didn't mean
never grace just wrote her name so uh
there you guys go
this is
this that was that that's Elvis and
that's an American flag and we're gonna
go say bye thanks for letting us have
you that so romantic
thanks for letting me be halved corny I
am sorry bridge my brush be a bridge no
oh you just killed everybody in that
boat they are all dead
I'm terrible
