it's working helps me get my shit out
yeah maybe that's what Miley's doing
maybe she's just trying to shit Shane
Monday's hey what's up you guys yes
that's right I'm bringing back as Shane
ol Monday and I don't know why Tommy I
feel like every youtuber has like their
YouTube voice and their real voice but
if I made videos in my real voice you
would really not watch here let's try it
out
hey what's up you guys we're gonna do a
Shane today all right question number
one what's your favorite color blue
question number two see you guys already
clicked off you're already done your
stop masturbating you've left the room
some of your questioning is is real life
and some of you are wondering why I have
a chalkboard behind me it's new don't
worry I'm sure it'll be full of penises
soon because every stranger that walks
in here goes ah you know what I could
draw on there and I'll give you a hint
it's never a piece of art all right
let's get to the questions sherry wants
to know have you ever gotten a boner
during an embarrassing moment while
sharing every time I get a boner it's an
embarrassing moment so yes but to
elaborate on that answer I will say
pretty much every single day in middle
school and the most embarrassing part is
nobody noticed next question Sierra
wants to know if do you know how to do
the bridge if not give it a try okay so
my first thought is maybe it's some kind
of a hand game like here's the bridge
and here's under it it's a game but
knowing you guys it's probably some kind
of a sexual move that you want me to do
with Joey or Lisa or my dog and since
Lisa and Joey are not around right now
Cornie I am sorry number a bridge come
on Bay Bridge be a bridge No oh god oh
god oh you just killed everybody in that
boat they are all dead I'm terrible
hailey wants to know where is your
parents
hailey that's what I want to know
where's your parents where are all your
parents do they know you're watching
this Bradley wants to know are you a
bird Jen ve are GE n that's like a mix
between a virgin and a vegan so I guess
you don't have sex with meat so yes I'm
a virgin
Michael wants to know who the fuck is
Shane Dawson well Michael
just a guy who has a lot of problems
talks about them on the internet because
nobody in real life has time to here
goes through the day is just painting by
the numbers wondering if anything will
change anything will get better if
you'll just be doing the same thing over
and over again until this untimely death
or you can just say youtuber Lily wants
to know how did you get popular well
Lily I'm assuming you're talking about
YouTube popular because real-life
popular is not happening for me on my
real Facebook I have about three friends
and whenever I post something I get
about zero likes but on YouTube Facebook
I get a bunch of likes so it's sad but
if you're wondering how I got popular on
YouTube I guess having no shame wearing
wigs and having a lot of time on my
hands which is usually the answer for
how did you become a serial killer Sarah
wants to know why did you name your dog
unicorn because I wanted to ruin her
life next question
Margaret wants to know what is the worst
drug you've ever done little-known facts
I actually don't do drugs and I've never
done drugs I know you're shocked with
this I haven't showered in weeks look
and these open sores it's a shock and I
want to see I haven't ever really been
around drugs like once in a while you
know somebody will be like they lent
some coke and then I say who do you have
cooked zero because I'm trying to watch
it and then whenever people talk about
math I think they'll talk about math
with a list it's all very confusing so
no I have not done drugs and I don't
plan on doing drugs in the future
because if this is what I look like not
on drugs I can't even imagine what I'd
look like in drugs
Rihanna wants to know what advice would
you give somebody with an eating
disorder this got serious
well Rihanna first of all oh god were
you named after Brianna because that's
that's not good
second of all you know listen I have
dealt with body eating issues before as
you guys know I used to be 400 pounds
and now I'm not 400 pounds but every
time I look in the mirror I see a
400-pound man and sometimes I just want
to eat my paint away go into a corner
and smuggle bunch of muffins and cry
but I try to stop and I try to remember
hey life is very long and I can't live
like this every single day because I
mean I got about 70 years to go and I
don't know how many more mini-muffins I
can eat while crying so my main advice
would be just to get help I'm not the
person to help you I am NOT a doctor but
if I tell you take the clothes off and
let me feel around trust me I'm a doctor
well yeah I would just say I could help
it has a lot of websites and a lot of
people to talk to that are better at it
than I am
don't talk to my mom she'll just feed
you more right mom Indy wants to know
what are your thoughts on the Vampire
Diaries
I have none next question I've never
seen it I don't know a show about a
bunch of good-looking people that suck
each other's blood that sounds great
okay I'll watch it I'll let you know
what I think next week Jimmy wants to
know what's your favorite method of
masturbation no listen I've already
talked about this in many videos before
but um I originally wanted to be a
masturbation website creator and not a
youtuber because I have so many ideas
unlike the Bill Gates of touching
yourself why just use your hand and spit
when you can use a banana peel in the
microwave I have sex with a real person
who might get pregnant or kill you when
you can just use a power a bottle socks
aren't just for your feet anymore
they couldn't be for your dick these are
all slogans I was working with so yes
the answer the question is I have
problems Audrey wants to know what's
your favorite form of execution well I
find all the normal executions boring
like the legal injection or guillotine
or the hanging I'd rather be forced to
sit down and watch the last song on a
loop with my eyes glued open I feel like
my body would just shut down it would
die it would kill itself probably run
the third time Miley Cyrus does a
slow-motion turn to the camera I think I
would just explode Michael wants to know
if you could blow Justin Bieber how
would you do it that's easy
with an ak-47 oh you thought I'm in a
gun no that's what I call my mouth Ryan
wants to know what's your opinion on
what does the Fox say I think it's great
that every year we have to listen to a
stupid internet song over and over and
over again and then Ellen dances to it
then my
knows what it is because Ellen danced to
it and then it's on the news and then
they start playing it on the radio and
then there's billboards everywhere
saying what is a boxing what is the bus
C hashtag what is the fuck's sake and
then three months later everybody
forgets about it and we move on to
another terrible internet song so when
I'm trying to save sorry my ringtone
what does the Fox say let's do one more
question
Sierra wants to know Shane how much do
your videos cost to make that's an
interesting question I didn't think you
guys actually cared about that but only
in certain ways so yes YouTube is fun
for me and I enjoy it and I love making
you guys laugh making guys smile but it
is a job and it is a business and does
cost money I'll give you a quick
breakdown my music video spoofs like
Miley won and the Lady Gaga one those
could be like four thousand dollars to
make each and I know what you're
thinking oh my god that's so much money
how does that happen well you got to pay
the actors you got to pay the camera man
you got to get lunch for everybody you
got to buy the sets you gotta buy the
costumes you got to pay a makeup person
I mean it goes very fast for my normal
sketches probably like 2,000 bucks and
for my iPhone channel stuff like zero
but although I could be spending with
twenty thousand bucks a month on videos
and that's a lot of money and I'm
spending it all by myself so in about
ten years I'm going to be brewing but
I'm doing it because I love it and
because I love you guys and because I'm
trying to grow my business so what you
guys could do to help me out is tell all
your friends about my videos and tweet
them and Facebook them and just spread
the word like herpes y'all because the
more people that watch my videos the
more money I can spend on my videos and
the
I can make my videos and that was me
keeping it real see what I did there see
that yeah that was free that costed
nothing all right you guys those are
other questions for today leave me more
questions down in the comments and hope
you guys have fun hang with me because
I'm fun hang with you and also you
tomorrow also in the comments let me
know that you want me to do as Shane
every Monday should we do that is that a
thing I don't know and I got I love you
yeah giggle makes me know that is it -
that's it that is not a six unless
you're an upside down dyslexic
