how's you guys yeah today we're going to
be trying more Kardashian / Jenner
products now listen I know I've made fun
of the Kardashian / Jenner's a lot but
that stops today
just kidding I got Kardashian toilet
paper and I'm gonna wipe my ass yeah
Kardashian's toilet paper
I can't wait to these gold diggers to
dig around in my hole
wait there was a lot missing right I
thought there was like 12 of them
where's Caitlyn I mean maybe they
thought it would be transphobic to put a
trans person on toilet paper but to be
that champs Bobeck not that when her on
Caitlyn deserves to be eating my shade
just like the rest of the clan okay now
before we get to the toilet paper what
am i doing oh my god fucking a Kris
Jenner tampon bitch the bloodsucker
Queen oh my god orange juice with Chloe
on it bitch clunking fucking Courtney's
yeah no we don't Courtney okay first let
me transform into a member of the clan
shoot off the kardashian-jenner in three
two one
I heard shit eat and I'm hungry
yes welcome to the family my name is
Shane with a ke I don't know where the K
is but it's science
just like handle so little just say I
love this wig I thought that there's not
just one rat tail there - I love her we
can wear that she looks like an icon
when I wear I look like a dead president
I also love that they sent me a rainbow
one now I don't know if this is a member
of the crew dashians or not this looks
more like a member
Eugenia Cooney's clan like I don't know
what she calls them so I'm just going to
call them her and Nightmare Before
Christmas crib like they would love this
you know what let's give it dry oh oh
this might be better oh my god hold on
mmm
this made me look like a dead president
this just makes me look like a dead 2008
youtuber although my camera is not
focusing on my face
my camera's like sorry you're not human
the second I transitioned into a Jenner
Kardashian my camera was like garbage
you're not a birthday okay so first
let's try to the toilet paper now
obviously I'm not going to wipe my ass
on camera I like to make a lot of shit
content but I'm not trying to make my
shit content you know that they don't
stay we're going to clean up my dog shit
oh my god what are you sure how do I
look just like him oh my God look I was
over there drinking the pool he's so
thirsty jumping a Kardashian okay so
we're going to go clean up
Uno's poop with our Kardashian toilet
paper let me do yeah come on what what
to get a fresh turd let's get a Kourtney
and Khloe Take Miami just something real
shitty ooh watch out don't want to step
in a spin-off oh my god
all right Kardashians you have your work
cut out for ya all right here we go
oh okay this what it feels like to be on
the camera crew of their show okay let's
just really get in there oh yeah there
we go
let's just put their faces right in it
ah yeah oh wow you're touching it you
know your fear is literally on it what
are you doing I'm using the product
nobody picks up shit with toilet paper
you know what do you think he's like my
shit deserves better
alright where's the trash can yes do you
want to do the honors no all right well
my family some people hire employees to
pick up shit but I do with my bare hand
I'm very real you never go
why you trying to expose me oh my god
wait hold on no no sit you're too pure
for that family okay so next what are we
trying something called a Puccini for
this I guess is to cover your camel toe
now I guess technically for boys we call
the noose nestled or if your balls are
as big as mine would be called a petting
zoo
okay so I guess how it works is you
shove it in your underwear and it just
covers up all your mom's two bucks oh my
gosh all right well let's try it out I'm
not wearing underwear so I don't really
Nora oh my god just like a little uh a
little pouch I guess but like fills your
pussy I need this for my hat like my ass
is loose he just has a lot of bum it's
not loose because I fuck a lot god it's
real because my group is big let's move
on all right so I'm going to put this in
my crotch so this is what my crotch
normally looks like you can kind of see
you know just a little something and buy
a little something I need a big list so
let me just tuck okay fill it up all
right and looks like I have nothing
that's great for my confidence okay I
love the fact that the chair is
literally breaking under my feet ready
for the club and then you can just pull
it out at the other night and throw it
away just like the Kardashian Jenner's
do with their husbands all right the
next thing that pops up when I type in
Kardashian with these shoes now I'm
excited about these because I thought
the biggest size I have and I feel like
it might actually fit and it might make
me feel like a princess did I say
princess I meant David all right let's
just take them out of the Oh
oh my god I'm not gonna lie I don't know
much about fashion but bitch these are
really pretty when I become a beauty
guru ah no look at that it's Cinderella
story called
first of all she's pissed about part two
and three but second of all shoots our
shoes back all right hold on I'm going
to try put this on my foot thank you
fuck who my toes kind of look like a
Kardashian
they're all just reaching out for fame
one got loose it's Caitlyn she's leaving
no this is not going to work this is a
awful and I need to figure out something
for my feet because that's gross okay
because I'm never ever going to Sydney I
think I'm going to force ride with each
of these on and maybe a wig hey guess
what hey what can you put on these shoes
in this wig Thanks oh wow Wow no
hesitation
what is this it's because they have such
big brains because women I love a Cheeto
is just like watching this like it's
normal wow those are really good yours
now I've never seen Game of Thrones but
you look like somebody who should get
their head job okay you ready to take a
lock all right sexy music knack you are
too good whoa walk more welcome to their
yes swing around tilt bench oh my god
this is giving me like my mom flashbacks
single working mother real neck ooh yeah
give me like something oh yeah yeah whoo
yeah go conduct some business
oh my gosh hahaha oh wait I have one
more thing you need this is to cover up
your balls my ball
yeah just try it yeah yeah how's the
pill wait nothing get me I just know
where it's supposed to silica stuff this
would be like a butt plug actually ok
try it like some extra cushioning I
guess oh there's only one thing left to
do snack you ate they hate us
alright so next we're gonna play with
the cake aw creme name liquid lipstick
so this is Kim Kardashian like lipstick
that she did with Kylie and the flavors
are Kimberly Kim Kimmy and Kiki really
first of all how the fuck does she have
so many names why I've never had anybody
called me like actually as I have
everybody every time I talk okay let's
try this up I'm going to put all my
weight and I'm going to give this like a
real review time to swatch hey everyone
gross wedding white hair to hear and I'm
gonna be testing out the brand new k'kaw
by Kylie cussing
so first let's just open up football oh
they're all dripping just like my face
because I'm a sweaty mess it was just oh
this this one is skinny which is perfect
for me because I basically can you get
like okay let's just open whoo I don't
know why I smelled it that's a normal
day for a guru to do right with that
taste day mmm he's better than closure
okay listen
watch are you sure that any that word
and let's just watch beforehand the hair
you can actually let's watch this on our
fucking where will arm birthday that's
going to look beautiful that kind of
looks like a bloody ass which by the way
you ever have a bloody ass make sure to
grab one of these genies it'll just soak
that right up so let's just put a nice
thick layer on a mouse and that looks
really good I love the way that I got is
all over my fingers and all over my team
I mean with it I'm not going to lie do I
look like somebody who got kicked out of
Comic Con for jerking off in the
bathroom here maybe the sunglasses well
no now I look like somebody who gets
into fights in McDonald's parking lot I
look like somebody who yells at homeless
people like a homeless first place can I
have a dollar and then she's like get a
real fucking job I have one hashtag ad
and post go to work
oh no I love this I love my new lips I
love my new look and I can't wait to
take a shit in it and wipe it up with my
family okay so I also found these these
are kylie jenner nail polish I don't
know how I've never heard of this also a
second twins that's like the moment
where we are twins like one of us is
significantly uglier like one of us was
left in the womb too long and then I'm
like no we're clicking fraternal and
everybody's like oh but a reality like I
was just look gross
I got cut off anyway we just fucking
flavors make me angry first of all they
also with take whereas though I don't
work with K like k million and con
section and cost them bit it just looks
like this bitch can't spell ultimate is
made in the USA bitch where I don't
believe for one second that this shit
was made in America you know this shit
was made as a random factory in the
middle of the world and the people in
the factory were like this is why we
hate America okay so let's just do what
if I think underneath the shade
make with it hey all right so here's the
shade once again guru type okay so we
have this beautiful shade kind of looks
like on your Sprinkles Cupcakes and you
have one too many and they disturb okay
just say you in a corner because I feel
like that's so overdone lately but
that's you too corner bushes okay let's
just shake it out all right
ooh Vicky abortion oh that oh yeah right
let's just sit on her big fat bomb very
close
should I call this shade Christmas soul
okay I think I did a really good job
OOP hold on and just clean around the
edges with my sister right there we go I
don't know much about nail polish said
that looks like shit like that doesn't
even look like nail polish that looks
like I brought my cupcake in the trash
and I was searching to get it out I mean
honestly she wouldn't wear this but she
would she was go to the nail salon to be
life tie you have anything cheaper and
uglier
this was like a bitch I got kicked out a
bid contract fingering herself during a
Jake Paul pan okay time 1410 okay so
last but not least I totally forgot that
the Kardashian had happened so I thought
it'd be fun if we look through one all
right so I downloaded the Kylie app this
come from money
what for $2.99 a month you know you get
my secrets are taking the perfect
healthy let me go
a team of 18 people who face doing for
you my best snapchat of the week this I
can get that for free and I already know
they're going to be you provided by dog
by the way highly I'm sure because you
have ten dogs that they probably poop a
lot so you might want to pick out some
of this okay hold on there's a free app
this will cause Kylie trivia first
question when is highly born none of
these answers must eight six six so yes
what is her romantic nickname for Tyga
why would I know that
pee baby tiger or not any Tigers just
lazy I'm just going to say baby oh I'm
wrong are you telling me that Kylie's
Melwood T anymore
oh my god when the tedious pills about
the tea t-section alright let's do one
more here I come in here look if you get
this do you know everything about Pilate
are you still in with fucking I do
you're in lipstick I forgot I was
wearing it
how do you like it great sweetie in the
shade Kimmy in case you want to watch it
okay
she's rumored to have dated which one of
these stars Liam Payne Justin Bieber
Harry Styles or Jaden Smith I would have
to say probably Jaden Smith is the only
realistic option why because she never
dated Justin Bieber that would have been
huge and the One Direction thing no I
hate how much you know about this I
report on celebrity news already James
man oh my gosh you're right
you know you deserve what you get your
own shade of kid aww I'm giving you
Kimberly you should refresh it give
yourself a good coat it doesn't smell
good like the other Kylie one how does
it feel Vic okay Beth all right get the
fuck out of here I can't with you all
right nuthin's go that was me trying
Kardashian slash Jenner products oh if
you want to do more of these videos they
have a lot of product give me a thumbs
up photo also maybe I'll do a whole
video where I actually will purchase all
of their apps and do a full review of
the entire clan if you want that let me
know hopefully turn the channels the
notification those of the ladies really
opposed it and if you wanted to my last
Kardashian products video I'll put a
link at the top of scripture that are a
little Thai - Ian Jenner's I will see
you never
I don't hang out with trash bye
