does this make me look like I like pussy
I've tried everything else
hey what's up you guys yes it is Friday
and it's time for us to play a game do
you want to play a game no not that kind
of saw torture game the other kind of
torture or I try to figure out how to
play a game get frustrated and then go
kill myself yeah that kind of torture so
today you guys wanted me to play
Minecraft I have no idea what that is it
sounds like some really creepy lesbian
gothic show about witches and I'm into
it so let's start getting into this
minecraft god I wish I was a lesbian
witch alright so I am on the Minecraft
website and I'm going to play the demo
because I'm cheap no it's not working
they're gonna try to make me buy it
aren't they yes what I mean can't be
verified oh man oh oh now I have to fly
it
alright well let's see how much it is
okay it's 20 bucks a lot more than I
usually spend on the Friday night
watching TV and crying myself to sleep
all night is free alright let's buy this
fucker
okay I just downloaded it now let's play
select a world Oh God can I pick the
inside of Miley Cyrus's head good girl
that it's a whole nother planet let's
create a world oh I get a name I oh my
god I'm God I'm God pussy fart lips mmm
welcome the pussy fart lips hmm oh god
whatever what just happened oh oh this
is where press e to open your inventory
what is an inventory what does this mean
what Oh God oh oh this would make me
sick why is her penis sticking out in
front of my face and why is it slightly
to the right what happens when I click
oh god I just blew something up what is
this I'm blowing up weed why would I do
that how do i smoke it oh oh I'm jumping
and Jonathan Blow and jump and blow
let's go pick a flower no I didn't want
to do that how do I go forward oh oh my
god I'm flying Oh everybody how do I go
up there please let me up the arrows to
anything command maybe Oh God
what's the point of this shift there
instructions anywhere oh oh oh I figured
it out Oh God
oh yes okay with F Oh God wait what huh
I get to create myself oh my god that
looks like me are they watching me this
is fucking creepy that literally looks
like me it's our camera in here
don't know what this is he's even
looking around like what the fuck are
you doing okay you know what I'm good
I'm just gonna get away from here so
wait a is to walk left s is backwards D
is to the side and how do I go forward w
Oh like walk now I get it and jump and
jump
ooh this is fun a pig hey Pig oh no I
didn't mean to do that
Oh God oh he's mad oh he's mad no come
back I have no friends here well there's
more pigs hey Pig oh I'm sorry he'll
come back I think I just sat on it well
there it is
I heard that pigs have to use sunscreen
is that true Pig I'm just trying to be
your friend it's giving me so many
flashbacks high school except I was the
pig oh my god
I just forced me to kill myself great
okay I'll get a flower then what's over
here more weed
oh come on Pig let's get high come back
alright whatever fuck you can I swim
nope oh god oh god I'm dying oh my god
I'm dying I don't know how to get up
there we go okay oh I'm walking on water
I'm Jesus
I'm Christ wait a minute I see a friend
does enjoy yourself I play this game
it's cool blow him up oh my god mushroom
is that what those are mushrooms yep
everything about this game is very drug
centric you got mushrooms you got grass
and then you have a pig for you know
when I get the munchies I just heard a
cow I literally just heard a cow or am I
just really high I don't know okay there
has to be something else to do what is
over there is that them all oh god I
hope it's a mall mmm maybe they have a
target huh or an Ikea oh I could get
lost in there wait I see red things I
see big red things the sound of the
water sounds not like water ooh
little berries I came all this way from
that oh never mind I found the cows ah
hello mr. cow no no no no no leave I'm
just trying to pet you okay oh my I made
him crazy oh my god he's making all the
other ones mad come back oh I'm sorry no
here let me help you back up oh no God
no I'm just making things worse here
here come back oh there's the mall our
fucking talking
see you later cows I'm gonna go eat one
of you in the food court how do I run
this is little fuck is taking forever
wait I saw the mall where to go is this
it this is their mall this tear
I don't even see in urban outfitters or
coffee bean oh wait a minute
oh yeah hmm let's get down in the lair
hello oh god oh god this is turned into
slender hello oh god I think I'm dying
let's get out of here we okay I wouldn't
be honest this game is fucking boring
why do people play this and how do
people play this every day on their
gaming channels what's the point
I'll wait somebody's in the water is it
a friend what the hell is that hey hey
what are you
oh god oh god I pissed it off oh my god
what is that oh I bet it's friendly come
back I just want a friend fine never
mind
Oh God let's follow him to his secret
world oh wow it's just as boring as my
world all right guys I think I'm done I
think I'm done oh wait can I change
myself yet nope does this mean two
flowers a mushroom can I feed myself I
don't know what I'm doing I'm kinda
clicking on things nothing is happening
oh oh what'd I just do oh my god it just
sucked into my butt all right well on
that note I'm done well there you guys
go that was me playing Minecraft the
most boring game I've ever played and
also really calming you know just
walking around trying to make friends
everybody's ignoring me trying to eat
things but they keep running away from
me basically the life of Kirstie Alley
they should call it Kirstie Kraft
I play that all right you guys let me
know in the comments what game you want
me to play next and also I hope you have
fun hang with me because I had fun
hanging with you and I'll see you
tomorrow also brand new main channel
video go check it out it's special it is
a mixture of two things it's behind the
scenes for my Lady Gaga scoop and
bloopers from my Miley spoof and I put
them together and they created an ugly
baby
but an ugly baby that needs love so go
pet the baby give it a thumbs up and
favorite the baby and then you could
just drop the baby in the trash that's
right all right I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow
hi I am Justin is a psychic although he
did date Britney Spears for a long time
and the fact that he didn't see
something in those eyes makes me think
maybe he doesn't have that much power
