I'm Bart Baker and we're gonna make out
yeah well I did have to make out what
every guy who see shut up oh god okay
hey what's up you guys okay I know what
you're thinking for all of you that they
gotta settle out cuz I'm wearing my own
shirt I'm not wearing it because it's my
shirt I'm wearing it because it's the
biggest shirt a hat I'm feeling fat
today and it might be because I had a
bucket ice cream to talk about last
night but I got a diet coke
so that makes it okay right all right
let's get so fat my throat's closing up
alright let's get to it
today I want to be reviewing a song
Justin Timberlake's TKO I don't know
what that means
so let's look it up TKO feel like I
ordered that a pant Express before but I
don't know is it that chemical and baked
chips that makes your butt leak because
if so I'm very excited about this song
girl you better watch out both @tk Oh
cuz your butt's gonna be going Oh No
and then he puts on a hat and does it
dance move and there's a bunch of naked
girls dancing with their butts Lincoln
one can dream
oh okay TKO actually stands for a
technical knockout which is something
they use the term for when there is a
boxing match
oh so the song is about domestic abuse
even better so I'm gonna read through
the lyrics and we're gonna figure out
what this all means kill me with the
coup coochie-coochie-coo is this real
you heard him ladies if you have any
diseases on your ku coochie-coo run tour
Justin because he wants to catch them
and die baby everyday in training to get
the gold hit the golden one what are you
training for gymnastics is I trained for
that everyday when I was a child and all
I got was participation award and a
lifetime of embarrassment I was too fat
to tumble but you can't run from
yourself that's where it's difficult I
just can't run though it is difficult
girl I can see your eyes that there's
something inside that may do evil damn
Justin is a psychic although he did date
Britney Spears for a long time and the
fact that he didn't see something in
those eyes makes me think maybe he
doesn't have that much power my eyes are
empty where did you go cuz it just ain't
fair over here thinking about the shit
you say nowadays you kind of know where
everybody is like Justin you could have
just went on Facebook or Twitter or
Instagram and probably saw where she is
because I don't know about you but every
girl I follow on Twitter or Instagram
and Facebook talks about where they are
all fucking time at Chipotle
hashtag cheat day in the
dementia polite hashtag cheat day oh it
cuts right on my eye
yeah hurt I won't lie I feel like if
you're Justin Timberlake sometimes you
want to cut your eyes can you imagine
how many fat old horny soccer moms are
at his front rows of his concert taking
their shirts off they're in their bras
at him if I was Justin I would have the
bottom of my microphone be a fucking
night so I could just make it all the
way can't fight knocked down then I got
over you can't fight no more you knock
me out so now she's feeding him up a lot
of songs I've been reviewing lately
about abuse but they've all been really
fun to dance to you're not meeting them
but I got a baby like a red like a mow
can't fight no low and knocked me out
I mean seriously who's running around
beating up all these pop stars and why
isn't it me I don't understand it
tell me how you could be so low I don't
understand it either like when I see
people who can actually touch their toes
and put their nose to their knees I am
shocked
the lowest I can get is like I that's it
like that's as low as I can get ah
oh fuck oh God that's it been swinging
after the bell and after all the whistle
blows wait so now he's a soccer coach
this is all very confusing
oh girl that was a foul ball he tried to
go below the belt through my chest
how high are your pants damn it babe
this ain't the girl I used to know not
no mo TKO
I like when Justin Timberlake starts
white and then just turns black out of
nowhere it's a lot more fun than Bieber
who's just fuck I'm out for the count
yeah girl you knock me out it's just a
TKO you better watch out because I feel
like girls will believe anything you say
like when Justin Bieber's like ooh girl
I love you all his fans are like I love
you too Justin but Justin Timberlake
goes ooh baby you can knock me out
there's some consequences to that I
really hope there's no radio and Amanda
by the psych ward because she'll believe
it baby now I really know what we're
fighting for
I mean good because if I've if I've ever
been in a fight hopefully I know what
it's about all my fights in high school
were when I turn guys down on dates
because I would tell them sorry I'm not
gay and they would just think I was big
bitchy fat lying girl although sometimes
I was so lonely I thought about saying
yes I just want love this rematch sex is
amazing
what is remap sex is that like after sex
that like wasn't that great and then the
girl looks up and goes ooh can we have a
rematch maybe you could tag team in one
of your friends I mean fuck even your
dad anybody else but you oh yeah sure
rematch but nobody wins when somebody's
heart is slow
sounds like a tagline for a heart or
Medicine commercial because when I see
you move it's like you got something
inside that made you lethal whoo she
must have just went to Chipotle because
girl after I leave Chipotle I mean
there's some lethal weapons of mass
destruction
growing up in there hey yo what's up
baby oh hey Jessica Oh Oh God Oh
walk away Justin walk away just just
walk away you know what's going on oh
here comes if we go Examiners mmm songs
are always so sexy and then it just ends
with a bunch of knocked me out knocked
me out knocked me out you knocked me out
you knocked me out TKO I don't think
there's a rap in it though I'm very
surprised oh never mind I missed it
there is a rabbit girl see what you
doing see what you doing girl see what
you're doing girl girl girl girl you
knock me out hey girl hey girl you
knocked me out so I guess I'll rappers
have Tourette's now and OCD because they
just keep repeating things over or
nowhere and then this song is over
good job JT he talked about abuse you
talked about farts and you talked about
being a soccer coach literally my
childhood so that's a song I'm going to
give it 6 out of 10
lethal farts what do you give it let me
know in the comments also let me know
what song I should review mixed alright
you guys I'll be FN hang with me - hang
with you when I was - you tomorrow and
I've already said this but Shane and
friend shirts are on sale now and I will
take all the money and buy Chipotle with
it
that's a lie I actually I'm going to
start working with a charity soon so I'm
excited about that
maybe it'll be for kids who have lethal
farts inside of them or it'll be for
abused kids but probably not probably
for the fart kids all right you guys
Olivia bye you got a boner in math class
you think my first traumatic experience
in school was after puberty don't you
get donors like when you're like eight
No
