hey what's up you guys we're outside and
we're pissing off our neighbors
hey we're very loud and proud
so today we made up a challenge called
the boyfriend challenge and the
girlfriend challenge on my channel was
excited about it I've never heard that
much before never heard you excited
before I mean this relationship is a
bowler so on my channel it's going to be
the girlfriend challenge on her channel
is gonna be the boyfriend challenge so
what this is is I wrote down some
questions things that you should know
about me the things I should know about
you and as I was writing these down I
realized I didn't know any of them so
first question and this is for you what
was my first traumatic experience
um breaking a wicker chair cuz you were
too fat no but good way to bring that up
having your dad tell you you have a
small penis that never happened you're
just assuming I'll give you a hint
it was childhood and it was in school
you got a boner in math class you think
my first traumatic experience in school
was after puberty don't you get boners
like when you're like eight no I don't
know how P is this work obviously my
first traumatic experience is when I
peed and pooped my pants and
kindergarten on the first day Oh
terrible I know I mean there was a lot
of family abuse before that but I
blocked it out so that's the only one
ever miss your first public yes got it
what are my parents names Teresa and
dick face you're right I would have
taken fucktard and asshole
but dick face is good alright welcome
playing for me what was my nickname is a
child chubs
hello
mistake really no I was kidding hahaha i
bribe um Shanee close
chardee add an animal to that Jeannie
you almost hit Pig
I saw your mouth make Pig shady monkey
Shanee puppy member shaney cat
okay I give you another hand this animal
likes to poop on things Hubert
yes really my nickname was shiny bird
because I was try to fly and I would
just fall off the couch didn't hurt
myself
hey jelly I never believed and everybody
be like Oh a shiny birdie big sees a
bird he's not what is my favorite song
to sing in the shower my heart will go
on
nope something by Shane Dawson Oh
something by Kelly Clarkson I'll give
you a hint
don't look at me it's how the song
starts you don't know what I'm talking
about
yeah they do maybe you all should be in
a relationship with Shane okay I'll give
you another hand don't look at me
Oh
every day it's a wonderful and suddenly
it's a debris as you a beautiful no
matter what they say what was my first
car okay
I don't remember what your first car is
but I remember that you ran over a skunk
at some point and then your car smelled
like skunk for like a year and nobody
wanted to be your friend which is the
story I told myself like well maybe they
don't want to be my friend because my
skunk mobile when in reality it was me
what was the car it was like a MOSFET er
well my actual first car was a blazer
you know lesbians in their places that
dress gonna say you look fucking suits
what was my first pet's name something
Mickey ears in me know I'll give you a
hint and you have to guess the end okay
her name was Judy Judy hamster no fish
no Judy the rat I mean we had rats but
we didn't name them Judy was a cat no
Judy was um no what the fuck was judy
judy was a cocker spaniel a black cocker
spaniel with one eye hmm constantly wink
and judy was the Hawaii she was my
favorite animal because every time I
petted her she peed and I think was cuz
she was scared of me because I was a
huge monster Oh what is my first video
on YouTube well the first big video was
fred is dead what was my first actual
video it got taken down uh you probably
logged and you had really long hair and
you
went like this a lot lucky guess it was
called the four one one and it was my
introduction into YouTube and I said hey
what's up you guys my name is Shane and
like I'm just gonna vlog the first year
my my life after high school that was it
and then this happened if I could go
back in time slap myself it slapped you
too because then we wouldn't be in a
relationship and be okay for this I
because if I sake now and it's drama
issues and last question what was my
first impression of you
you thought I was pretty not good enough
what was like my first like personality
impression you thought I was a whore I
did that's so weird because when I was
like not yeah but you had like a like a
slutty essence about you really I mean
I'm kind of like no one's ever said it
so I kind of am into that well you were
like really blond and they had a lot of
makeup on you and you had like a halt
like a like a tight shirt on you were
sitting there and you kind of had like
bitch face a little bit and you were
crying no I said I was nervous and I was
like oh what's your name you're like
you're Cydia why I was like oh cool not
talking to this bitch and I walked away
okay for the record you told me that it
was like love at first sight I probably
told you that before an occasion where
I'm like I want to go to Taco Bell
you're like I'm never eating there and
I'm like remember the time I saw the
first sight and you're like okay let's
get a girl tubby burrito all right you
guys those are our questions do you
doesn't know me at all if you want to
see how well I know her go to her
channel which is gonna be worse I feel
well you have a lot of issues so I'm
sure we'll cover those all right you
guys I hope you have fun hang with us we
had fun hanging with you
question of the day well let's see what
is I was gonna say what was your
favorite TV shows a kid but let's do
what was your first traumatic experience
let's bring up some deep shit
next time we'll read them out loud fine
are you guys love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
fight in your mom is just the sweetest
page like her and my mom would be such
good friends if they met each other yeah
we should ship it oh oh
friendship it
