hey what's up you guys it's Jack from
Titanic okay it's just Shane but I'm
giving you lots of Jack hair rose
promise me you'll go on and have lots of
babies and you'll never let go
ooh Jack I'm not really into kids are
kind of annoying and I'm kind of into
like a free lifestyle and actually I'm
kind of wanting to let go so fuck how
Titanic Sherawat so I'm very excited cuz
I'm on my way right now to do a podcast
which is why I have not taken a shower
because there's no video involved if I
did podcasting full-time I would be a
full-time fat fuck
I'd never shower never shave never shit
shitting takes a lot of effort I would
just let it all build up and then one
day just pop like a balloon like a poo
loon Oh poo moon sounds so cute but it's
so not anyways I'm excited because my
guest today is gonna be Daily Grace who
I love who hopefully you guys know who
she is she's awesome and I'm gonna ask
her a lot of really in-depth personal
questions mostly about Miley Cyrus cuz
that's all I can think about right now
it's all I could talk about what's
happening with her who's ready to rock
oh god not you not you you're just ready
to talk you know what I love to say cock
out with your cock out I mean I could
tell you away I could tell you away are
you one time I got a blood clot in my
throat by the way your microphone is
beautiful my girl mmm no more singing
are you excited for Daily Grace what are
you gonna ask her I saw you were looking
on Twitter did you get some did at snip
star get some questions ill I did um so
they want somebody named YouTube life
once asked asked grace Helbig why how
she came up with her intros and then of
course actress asked snip star how she
gets her skin so glowing white YouTube
like glowing white see me YouTube like
let me tell you yeah how do you just can
say like super natural and supernatural
okay Leah it's cuz you wear a Snuggie
24/7 and you your skin never sees the
light of the day my husband hid my
Snuggie I can't find it anymore I'll
give you a hint he gave it to me and I
fucking burned it he is like a leopard
Snuggie Andy what I mean
he's embarrassing right let's get to the
Grayson here I need a woman around you
know I'm saying god I need like a real
woman
yeah pretty odd yeah we just in the back
I tried to do your theme song and it
didn't work out
it works wonderful this is Tuesday so
what's the Tuesday theme song comment in
your comments guys going to Canada in
Caledon for you
so today would be like this is podcast
to podcasting or podcasting Raelians but
grace yeah and my mom cuz we called her
yes and your mom is just the sweetest
Paige like her and my mom would be such
good friends if they met each other yeah
we should ship it no friendship it's
your mom's name is Theresa - right am I
allowed to say that yeah the Sheila I
never know the video she came to VidCon
for the first time this year what did my
my mom was so nervous that she had to go
to the hospital and she got diagnosed
with acid reflux because she was so
stressed out that like acids are up to
her face that did not happen to my mom
if they're both name is Tresa then the
ship would just be Theresa yeah yeah the
boring ship in mourning they can't be
shit or or well we can with our last
name so like doll big well my name is
McGinnis
so dog Ennis Mick Dawson Nick Dawson
Dawson sounds like a delicious sandwich
at McDonald but speaking of delicious
sandwiches and also the ships let's talk
about fan fiction for a second okay yeah
so we were talking about I have my Shoei
fanfic you have your heart big fan thing
yeah if you and Hannah Hart yeah
now what is the most disturbing one
you've ever read I don't read I can't
one I don't enjoy reading on any level
but I have a hard time reading them when
they're really really sincere uh but
there was one about yeah I got shot
somehow and Hannah held me in her arms
and I bled to death in her arms oh we
had to say goodbye and it made me cry oh
god it was too much for me to handle
these kids that's emotional like there
was no like sex in it oh there's lots of
ones with like really gratuitous I don't
the what about showy there's some
there's here's a thing when I was 12
yeah um I didn't even know what's like
semen was I I mean I kind of knew what
it was but I didn't my brother called it
a dick yogurt like that's my brother all
just taught me I'd have sex with a
blow-up kitty bull don't get me started
yeah what is it
me and my brother fanfictions we react
to them no but um yeah just show ease so
some some of the words are always
shocking to me like they'll say like I
don't want to say it but they'll say
just things about like one of them was
time I like cunnilingus and I'm like
first of all that doesn't happen with me
and Joey unless Joey has China which
maybe he does um but yeah just probably
the ones that there's medical ones where
it's like anus like when you say anus
it's de medical it makes me
uncomfortable yeah that kids are really
prolific yeah god bless them it's
beautiful well if you want to hear us
talk more about fan fiction and also
what else we talked about we talked
about some secrets from your past
secrets of my past that aren't so secret
if you've ever gone to my wikipedia be
true so don't go don't suck we also
talked about Miley Cyrus a little bit we
talked about Farrah Abraham yeah and if
you wanna check it out go to SoundCloud
calm slash a new friends or iTunes I'll
put the link down there and you can
check all this out do the face ii
annoying do the face once you do the
face like that yeah yeah okay okay again
do the face to face yeah good face ding
speaking of ships you know who I ship
lakorn e por Isha white looks head no I
am I'm saying you to leasing horny yeah
what would you think I meant when is it
look horn you think I know her girl nila
corny Yas it going to get in here girl
oh yeah I ship you in corny if they're
all corny devil eyes so corny and me it
would be like what would that be it
would be she saw corn and cheese corny
that's a disease did you just fart
I heard something did you fart corn
she's ready to be shipped he is a
shipper so guys question of the day who
do you want next on the podcast because
you know I'm running out of friends that
are willing to do favors so I need I
need some help and don't in one
direction they're not gonna be on it
corny honey you're not gonna be on a
corny because you can't talk and mom
can't be on it either because she's
gonna talk too much about daddy had
ruined all the secrets and say things
about me that I don't want her to say
like how in the morning first no stop
stop no all right you guys I'll be up an
egg with me at my name with you go to
Grace's channel check out her videos and
also check out my podcast on soundcloud
comm slash a friend and I'll put the
links down there in corny will be there
that's a lie she's not gonna be there
bye enough Michaels raisin go stop
