I can't stop licking
oh yeah you know what this means I'm a
grown man and I bought a children sure
to the store yes but it also means that
Fred aka Lucas is coming over to my
house today
I'm so excited i waxed I shaved I cut
things off and I'm wearing my Fred
uniform I hope it comes wearing a Shane
Dawson shirt and I hope you didn't shave
or wax or cut anything off and I can't
wait for me and him to make some
chocolate rain how many know what that
means
but I like it all right so I got my mom
all excited cuz I told her Lucas was
coming over but he's going on and then
he just came to me broke my heart why
cuz he's not coming off oh that's why uh
yeah I mean I have a mean monk I don't
think he'd be interested oh yeah you're
right well you know what I could just be
a mom and though can i still be a moment
that sounds even I bets that let's not
get into that since you're not gonna see
him what do you want me to tell him for
you Lucas I love you and when Shane got
here I said Shane I think that you fred
and joey graceffa should make a movie
together
it'll be ridiculous and my movie she
meant videotape and a videotape she
meant sex tape and my friend she meant
Lucas cuz you called him Friday oh it's
okay wattage ya keep on playin with
these pills
what are these dear Lord I told you I'm
on a lot of medicine any all right will
eat your graham crackers take your pills
and sorry sorry Lucas you'll always be
Fred to her yes look who it is
look who's waiting for Lucas back off
bitch she's mine so corny I just got
back from the bed I'm not supposed to
touch her back but they pumped her full
of like fluid so now she has like corny
wait turn over she's like a fake boob in
her back so weird horny come here show
me your boobs
shows your boobs look at it jiggles
little jiggly boobie oh no I don't think
you're supposed to lay on it for you no
no no no I don't want your boob to pop
we want to keep those babies nice and
firm oh my god it feels like a boob oh
poor baby
poor boobie baby I loved you just the
way you are you didn't have to get
blessing their dream you did it for
Lucas didn't you
you trying to feel my man hell yeah okay
god
I wore this here I force you I don't
know if you do right now look at that to
each other she forced us to wear both of
us sorry about it
what kind of saying I mean I'm wearing
this stuff's everywhere okay so on the
count of three you have to say who you
are and who your favorite insect members
go hi I'm Jenny Vale my new and my
favorite NZ member is Doug you another
name I felt so much pressure because I
don't know any of their names I'm Justin
Willman that I don't know where is Joey
Fatone NSYNC
yes he's my favorite is he I can't stand
it not know what I mean they're all kind
of fat at this point see them why the
way life on that good be anything like
went on too long like after five minutes
I was like can they can just think it
off the stage now this is going on to us
dude they're gonna happen with one
direction in the future like it's gonna
be Harry is gonna be like okay guys get
off the stage I hope not because I will
be found out at the front I think I
think Kevin Jonas will have the VMA
stage for 20 minutes yeah quick drop
that act on that no it's speaking of sad
pathetic washed-up people me and Lucas
are gonna make a video yeah we can have
a reunion like are there gonna be all
these new youtubers and then me and you
we're gonna pop up and dance in there in
like 20 years we're gonna try to go to
VidCon in there give you like yep we're
gonna be fat and sad it'll be cool I'll
have a facelift I'll be a fangirl Jenny
would owe us shangri-la speaking of
getting all up on her we're about to do
a video that i just made up called the
dating game so what we're gonna do is
she's gonna ask us questions about
dating and me and him are gonna answer
with a voice changer so she doesn't know
who it is
whoever you pick you up to marry forever
to marry I mean to get so Vegas in a
white truffle to get me a green card if
she needs a green card so will you marry
me oh this is perfect she came up with
this idea let's do it Reed cider corny
no you don't give a shit
great so yes they just left we did a
video where we use this and it got
so that video will be up next week the
video we did on their channel which was
a would you rather is up right now so
I'll put a link somewhere you can go
watch that and now we're about to finish
the night up by going and recording
Lisa's new song she's doing her own
wrecking ball parody about guys getting
kicked in the balls and guess is gonna
get kicked in the balls first hmm all
right we just got done recording her
spoof song she sounded beautiful we did
so much cocaine cuz you got to do a lot
of coke came to get my Lee's voice no
you guys told me it sounded like I was
eating a sandwich well yeah because your
mouth was like it when you were singing
so it was like you have mayonnaise in
there any allergies so now to wrap up
the fun festive night we're gonna go
into the store because Lisa said they
have grapes that taste like cotton candy
we're so fab holy fucking shit cotton
candy grapes health and somebody already
opened it
somebody was fat just like me oh my god
David samples okay I'm very excited I
mean I don't think a little cups were
necessary I mean literally they could
have just put a bunch of grapes but
anyways here I go first have to spit out
my lemon pie flavored gum because I'm a
fat ass all right here we go shut
my mouth is watering my mouth is
watering that's the best fucking thing
I've ever had in my life I want all of
it how do we mean care if there's a fly
on it I will eat that fly cuz I'm flying
as I cotton candy now if they only had
broccoli that tasted like chocolate
right am i my fat all right you guys it
is the end of the night we are on our
way home I am on my way to eat a bag
cotton candy grapes and I'm on the way
to smell your pits my poop's are gonna
smell
I mean cotton candy grapes I got pie
flavored gum I got chocolate flavored
water I got peach flavored chapstick I
mean I'm like a pregnant Lee I'm
pregnant not mine I'm keeping it and
it's not yours
it's Lucas's alright you guys this
pregnant bitch is gonna go to bed by the
way you already know this but my brand
new Miley Cyrus wrecking ball spoof is
up right now I will put the link down
there also her wrecking balls booth is
up right now to both of our you can get
two for the price of one so many balls
so many wrecking balls so much poop it's
about to happen
say yes later play favorite NSYNC is JT
just because look at him now it's pretty
epic like he's probably one of the few
Disney like stars that held it together
I'm saying yeah I mean I always held it
together yeah
