girl look at that body girl look at that
body girl look at that body she works
out talked about the dog by the way oh
definitely
so we are walking corny to take a shit
because we're gonna leave her in the
house all alone for the rest of the
night
Jimmy all alone snooping through our
things chewing up more pairs of my
underwear and peeing all over your
clothes she's basically doing what I do
yeah so we are gonna go hang out with
Kate and Pam and maybe Shana and maybe
Steve and it's gonna be a lot of fun
and we're bringing you guys along as
much as you don't want to come you're
coming when did we start doing this
again right now right taco neck come
suck suck on that call no I'm just
telling you suck in your Pope oh I was
saying oh did it sound like it's
something else oh I did I didn't mean it
I didn't mean that
yes the pun you did okay yes I did how
are you doing right have anything to say
to them no I motherfuckers yeah that's
not gonna calm you guys who wants to
start with that calm okay good that's
yours you're the one to sub1 wait whose
is it you have one song on it I just
wanna try I mean it's not gets much
right out like I just wondering like if
I close my eyes this way you kind of
look like Orlando Bloom so it's like
nothing it wasn't no no
you want it take it out take it out so
now on a hog they're gonna whose puck
would you suck on the rug
you are aware he's 58 years old right
he's not I was only 41 okay
damn what's his birthday what's his
address but social birthday is May 2nd
question of day who's your favorite
celebrities hopefully yours is the rock
I don't I hate everybody I like Michael
Jackson what the bunnies go on he ain't
here the Lord doesn't mean like I what I
guess those riders gone no he ain't here
he just died I just died I saw it on the
news
he's going all right oh you know what
his last words were him never suck on my
cock that's why he died heartbroken
are you excited couldn't be more
thrilled we're going to hear we're gonna
Walmart lease has never been a Walmart
have you never been a Walmart a whole
new world a brand new because you've
never been where you can get higher tone
Costello's and father blue buzz and
something that's a creepy little clown I
love Walmart sunglasses Hello Kitty bras
and huge panties it's all here what's
your favorite part so far
remember when we were in the car yeah I
love that part my favorite part is that
they have clothes to be a nurse in
Nursing clothes grandma's husband
don't fucking lie ham look look that's
ugly no you love one day right you love
mine what if it was I love sd sure no no
he's a cute I love them titties cheese
pop-tarts cheese pop-tarts cheese huge
farts huge parts and constipation and
diabetes come on you have to be loving
it so far I'm really time
we're gonna do a Walmart challenge so I
don't know what that means what do you
think that means um find the ugliest
tackiest thing you can find and you just
want the home now you look like Justin
Timberlake
we do like a move do a dance move no
wait as long
oh my god it's perfect come on please
I love the ties come with the shirts
here I'm gonna love this place now wait
guys ready for my cool transformation
nerd horrible long as I got my same time
we are you trying out for American Idol
as long as a guy my soon time huh Sami
you don't know shit there's two stories
three stories heaven worry I don't even
know this bitch oh my god Pam we found
your man oh yeah look it up
Oh what's your favorite part about so
cute what would you do to him right now
look that's you that's you right there
waiting for him oh look there's duct
tape perfect ready to go where's the
chloroform right oh yeah so like if the
rock was right here in the middle of
Walmart I'll probably pass the fuck out
or die
what do you why are you keeping up at a
Walmart Walmart beautiful Nucky let's
keep talking about our sexual fantasies
you're into Walmart being a sexual
fantasy yeah I need a cart so I can get
it on I love this bitch oh my god Pam
you're about to meet Mira Shane by Sabo
how you doing
like that you better watch out he's real
slick oh my god Mira Pam what does she
like
fires but girl mere Pam looks just as
fucked up as normal Pam so when you've
been doing Mira Shane man just staring
at y'all lazy nasty ass is doing nothing
on a Friday night mom
are you putting my dog toys in your
purse you were so ghetto as fuck you're
stealing her shit I take a pop off your
weed puffer what is that it looks like a
fucking dildo
get back here with that are you the
second I'm dildo no no Bell let me see
let me see
cuff on that dildo flavor that be
Applejack's
you are fucking dead I was fine
around my take me a puff for some Apple
Jacks cuz you know mother like it's like
to get Jack
look I just judge you Apple Jacks bitch
well I'm already hired suck on it yet
grow this Keith like the Apple Jacks
coming to bag like the cheap ones from
Target or Walmart coming that big-ass
bag nobody can eat all that
yeah I'm still want more I don't know if
I feel cool or feel gay by sucking on a
dildo but either away okay corny get
over here suck on his dildo take a look
up of it no it's not free she's clean
she's just been licking my back none of
what she want to try it
wait she's trying to eat it oh my god
she's high she's high she can't there's
nothing in this right it's just
flavoring yeah oh my god I'm so high
right now
oh my god I'm so high I probably would
fuck Pam
like that's not high I'm right now like
you know I mean that's literally a chunk
of okay okay it's back jack so we're
gonna end this night with some epic Meal
Time with us and a dog you've already
said that get a new catchphrase oh
that's a good one I don't feel like it
get that on the shirt I don't feel like
it okay so this Epic Meal Time we're
going to start with some popcorn
it's zebra flavored whatever the fuck
that means I don't know but it sounds
disgusting but I'm excited about it we
got some chips they're cheesy garlic
bread but how high were you when you
bought all this stuff you just felt like
it okay so put the chips on it and then
of course big grand finale some cool
hwhip you excited eat this
get her more hi Pam
all right ready I'm gonna make this for
you Pam yeah you do come on oh my god I
made a taco
I made a taco wait look how cool it is
you know you want to fuck that up okay
okay you wanna fuck he's like always me
girl that's not what you said last night
that was more like yogurt let's be
honest
ooh ooh that crunched on different
levels what's on that bad really
I made something good it's actually not
bad right I'm good
so that's it guys all right you guys
hope you have fun hang with us we have
been hanging with you and I will see you
tomorrow
Pam wall but she doesn't feel like it no
but is it is it like sexual no yeah what
do you think what does that mean
