remember when the house
okay I'm gonna be honest I don't know
that song the only reason I kind of know
it is because they played at Yogurtland
a lot and I feel real fancy when I'm
getting my free samples how do the guys
yes it is another daily vlog we're
hanging with Shane he does a bunch of
boring things I don't know why we watch
but we watch anyways cuz we hope
secretly Joey will pop up but he
probably won't cuz they're not hanging
out right now because Joey has better
things to do that guy is homeless he's
like it's probably more interesting than
mine as people are laughing at me cuz
I'm talking to myself well fuck you God
you can die in hell hey yes today I have
more meetings you know what's more
annoying than meetings nothing no I love
it
um you know it's listen I'm getting a
chance to meet all these people in
Hollywood and suck all their dicks and
any chance to suck a dick I'm there but
before I go to some of these meetings
I'm gonna go to my mom's house because
first of all she got a bunch of Shane
and friend shirts and I'm pretty sure
she paid for them even though I could
get them for free I'm sure so I'm gonna
make her do a fashion show and second of
all I want to play a game with my mom
somebody in the comments said hey you
should ask your mom what different
internet terms mean so I am gonna have
an internet lingo quiz with my mom and
I'm gonna give you a hint she's gonna
fail it hard what's up bitches nothing
much oh girl
bitch you wet why you so wet bitch oh
it's cuz you knew I was coming over you
got all wet shake yeah you don't know
what that means you dumb like Oh daddy
whoo speaking of your daddy oh my god my
mom is crazy
first of all who are we gonna give these
to we don't have friends we don't have
family for actually maybe she's planning
on wearing a different one every single
day just like Bieber you know he never
wears the same thing twice let's get her
to put one on my mom walks in it says oh
my god something that reminds me of you
food nobody look at it Emma news has
come out with candy corn why does that
remind me of you because you love candy
party I like food and look I'm Parkins
oh okay yeah yeah um but I mean this is
this is why I was fat what's not blaney
huh
I thought was me what right there is me
that was me all through high school
look I depressed I'm terrified I can't
help it I need
alright so speaking of depressed and
terrified why don't you try on one of my
Shayna friend shirts
oh do a fashion show punch punch punch
oh my god
what's it that hat oh that's I think
it's recording I know no that looks like
it's for you
very bad beautiful no real I think this
is oh my gosh I can wear this as a dress
that's mean definitely looks like you're
not wearing pants so you might get a
date oh those are beautiful
why is it so big I just said cuz it
reminded you of me
okay so really quick everybody wants you
to do a really quick quiz are you ready
you got your thinking hat on obviously
okay okay I'm gonna give you some
internet turns and you have to guess
what they mean
dirt dirt as in dirt it's dirty dirt
dirt dirt it sounds like a burp and I
don't know what sup sent thank you with
Burke here I'll give you a face and it's
what dirt is oh like are you kidding me
like if you went on mass comm and
somebody left a comment on your pictures
that dirt it would not be a cop man no
it makes sense
it means like stupid oh I'm oh I'm sorry
not you're not dirt you're your herp
derp that's how's it working okay and
last one will do is shipping oh I know
that cuz it when Joey chili that's sad
so what what does it mean I like you two
together but why because everyone likes
you together but what a shipping stand
for well I don't want to say that is it
is it like sexual no yeah what do you
think of what does that mean
like the word relationship and then you
take shit and as you wish those two
people were in a ship so you're shipping
now what did you think about no just
like you guys together like she saw
Shane and Lisa showing Shane Joey so
then what are you Oh Lauren let's see
how can we put Charlie Mitchell offense
ensue with Teresa oh you should wait
question of the day let me do the
question today okay okay
whoever can chef Teresa Charlie
chocolate Miley muffins and its new and
it's Shane's favorite it's a shirt
you'll be picking it yeah all right well
guys there you see your shipping
challenging chocolate something hallo
all right now I'm on my way to my
meeting and you're probably wondering
why I'm tilting like this it's because
I'm not wearing my lucky hat I mean
listen I love you guys so much and I
believe that you give me power and luck
and love and stupid hats so I'm wearing
all of that and I'm on my way
hopefully they think I'm Lady gaga and
hopefully not Ke$ha all right so we are
here at a different movie studio than we
were yesterday this time I'm gonna try
to get some real good action I'm gonna
try to find a celebrity I'm gonna try to
find a fast and furious car I'm probably
gonna get arrested that's going into
major Lauren she's in the car next to me
she's cleaning herself up trying to wipe
off all that man sweat what you gonna do
now Oh lipstick oh wow blazing big guns
I did a something better well perfect oh
now that she's given set size to the
mirror I hope she doesn't change her
tampon while we're watching that'll just
be operational making sure there's no
food in her teeth I hope she looks in
the mirror and goes you are worth it oh
she's texting somebody of it it's me all
right let's go get her
literally it was just picking my nose oh
no I know no we saw everything you just
I parked right there and we've been
watching you believe whole time yes I
saw you put on lipstick you fixed your
face gave yourself a ponytail
you know clins from far away if you
close your eyes and you like kind of rub
Vaseline on your eyeballs you kind of
look like JLo wait ready JLo I was her
for Halloween one time I got the most
insane spray tan it was amahzing close
fix later great can't wait um sorry you
ready too long very like Shane like
sweat like did like like let like vest
this was like Shane vest hair my hair
grows very fast and literally grows
overnight like literally this is like
when like Shane bring lots of best that
was like your hair you know your hair is
like when JLo was with Ben Affleck and
she had 100 bombs at the box office and
she wanted to kill herself you know what
she looks great let's go look at all
those star trailers one day never never
no no you know you know you'll have like
Will Smith has that like ten-story RV
huh it has like a gym a sex dungeon
I'll just have sex okay just a room just
for you to queef in with like extra foam
on the room getting yelled at you just
want to talk about queefs anymore so not
true your police are yelling all right
we're done for the day we're done we're
movie stars which is exciting so we just
had a meeting and they said here's a
billion dollars you're a movie star
so it's like I'm done like so fuck you
bud yeah we didn't get arrested this has
been a good day look her chewing on that
bone get that bone chew on that bone
corny
don't stop chewing on that bone whoo
whoo crack that bone
I want to chew on join me Stefan you
know what one day Joey Graceffa is gonna
die and then what are we going to talk
about what'd you do today
I edited all day long good for you
what'd you do today
interesting oh my god that's so
interesting what sorry he had a more
interesting David you did yeah he did he
saw me dance naked this morning I'm so
funny I literally I was gonna say he
watch me do you think you watch me run
around naked all day long oh wow
interesting yes it is the end of the day
I'm gonna eat dinner and then go to bed
cuz I gotta get up early tomorrow you're
gonna go chew on a bone
corn is gonna go chew on Joey and that
moose is gonna watch all of it and kill
himself so my mom already gave you the
question of the day so have fun with
that and also I've already said this a
million times but brand new episode of
the podcast is out now and if you want
to get a podcast shirt links are down
there or you could just win one by
answering my mom's question I love you
guys help you up my name with me I've
been hanging with you when I was for you
well bye you know that looks like it
looks like when you roll semen in your
hand and then it turns into mochi
you're disgusting because you're rolling
sooner and you know what that means it
looks like you're disgusting
