Hey
hey what's up you guys hey what's up you
guys whoa too much Shan Shan ception
odeon on the Dawson heads any guys yes
I'm sorry that I just forced you to see
two of me at once I know I'm a drunk
father felt anyways today is going to be
a fun day
and by fun I mean I'm telling myself
that because all I want to do is go back
to bed and never wake up I want to die
but I'll put on a smiling face and get
out the door and pretend like everything
is great no I'm just getting everything
is great the only thing that isn't great
is the fact that this eyeliner won't
come off my fucking eyes so now
everybody I meet today is going to think
that I wear makeup which they probably
already think anyways if they seen any
of my youtube videos they're going to be
shocked I'm not in a dress in a wig
anyways this week I thought it would be
fun if I did daily vlogs everyday and
when I say daily vlogs I mean actual
vlogs I saw some comments last week on
my blog saying hey Shane you should do
more like follow me around vlogs and
some of you new people who've only been
around for like maybe a year don't know
this but a year ago or two years ago I
did daily vlogs like this every single
day and I'm gonna be honest I stopped
doing it because it got a little
overwhelming and nobody wanted to hang
out with me because I was always like
hey guys look who I'm with I'm vlogging
ha ha ha
got a little annoying but hey let's do
it for a week why not so all week today
until Friday you're gonna be hanging
with me like by my side like we're
besties like I'm gonna look over to you
like girl what do you think about the
crazy right and you're not gonna answer
me because you're in a computer and I'm
in real life shit just got real
drivin vlogging drivin and vlogging and
crashing I'm kidding I'm still driving
and vlogging and probably gonna kill
somebody
the dog is pooping hey guys so I am in
the car right now and I am on my way to
go to a TV pitch now I know most of you
guys probably don't care but hey this is
a daily vlog so I want to tell you
what's going on so as you guys know I'm
still pitching my talk show which you
know still going well this shit takes
forever
I started pitching that thing like
almost a year ago and we're still doing
it but I came up with another TV show
idea kind of about my time working at
Jenny Craig like you know kind of a
sitcom about a guy working in a weight
loss center it's really funny and now
we're pitching that me and Lauren and
it's really exciting people really
liking it so today we're gonna go to the
Sony Pictures lot we're gonna see movie
stars
to me awards and lots of overpriced food
like churros and apples for five hundred
dollars I can't wait till I'm rich
enough to not care about that stuff but
until then I'll still buy my fruit from
the 99-cent store that's a lie
I don't buy my fruit from the Nightman
cent store it's where I buy my underwear
from hey what's up you guys
I'm on the Sony lot right now and I
don't think I'm supposed to be filming
so I'm going to try to be real to
screwed spider-man oh my god Queen
Latifah the talk show my dreams are
coming true my god they have a
Yogurtland here I really got my TV show
gets made here just so I can be here
every day and there's a Prius Hollywood
look who I found just walking out of
Yogurtland and you notice no yogurt cuz
I already eat it oh you already ate it
shoved it down your throat
and it pooped it out in the bathroom mmm
sounds delicious
what's your favorite flavor cake batter
Wow I was expecting a joke but you are
further real you really knew I mean you
want the answer the question yeah what's
your favorite topping okay I love the
cookie dough I also love the mochi that
like that like chewy stuff it was like I
don't know what it is like it's soaked I
know that looks like it looks like when
you roll semen in your hand and then it
turns it to mochi you're disgusting
because you're rolling seams in your
hand and you know what that means it
looks like you're disgusting by the way
that mannequin has your hair get just
letting it out oh yeah I love I love I
love Oreo - I just wish like let's be
here it's not a topping it's a cookie
look you're really into this I don't
think I've ever seen you passionate
about anything other than this wait let
me ask you uh tell me about religion
what yeah tell me about yogurt mochi and
there we go
this is huh look who's home look who's
home hmm
horny has been gone at a pet hotel for a
couple days aka my mom's house and we
just picked her up I mean I think on -
yeah yeah now she's been gone - it's
been really sad but I mean Kourtney's
been gone I've been in bed all alone I
don't have anybody watch TV with I have
nobody to lick my balls I know aren't
you excited corny song yes I ain't look
in those balls
poorni will
Cornie come here corny yeah you're on
say hi everybody
have you guys fuckin asshole fuck you
I'm walking away watch my ass ha yeah
so I got done with my first set of
meetings which meant really good and I'm
on my way to go to my second set but
before I go look at this beautiful box I
got in my appeal box look at this it's
covered of pictures of us and also
pictures of me and Joey cheesy this is
cool I know I wish that was inside oh my
god we could hang this up right over our
bed pick just hundreds of pictures of me
and Joey he loved that right yeah Joey
leichter that's too perfect all right
let's open up this bad boy so this is
from Brittany Clark oh I know her I fell
around slitter Brittany Clark you tweet
some dirty-ass tweets girl I don't know
how old you are but it better be 18 and
by your handwriting and the stickers you
use I'm guessing you're a lot younger
than that oh my gosh it's like I just
opened up my brain it's full of candy
and Hannah Montana memorabilia
we got Hannah Montana stickers we got a
One Direction charm bracelet every 25
year-old man needs one we got more fun
bits than I can count
we got a Taylor Swift whip hey look at
that it causes pain just like the real
Taylor Swift
we've hand sanitizer that's empty we
have broken crayons okay at this point
you're just sending me your trash no she
won me back she gave me a lots of Pixy
Stix oh she lost me again she gave me an
old broken electronic Yahtzee game this
isn't even from a trash this is from a
time machine that went back to 1985 and
brought me this my dead grandma has one
of these and she got it after she died
that's how old this game is she also got
me lots of tubes of lotions some of them
have used and duct tape but butterflies
on it I feel like this is a box full of
serial killers evidence we got a bunch
of things that little girls would have
then we have lotion that's half empty
duct tape and hand sanitizer that's
completely empty a little girl died this
is the person that did it so it makes
perfect sense why you gave it to me
all right you guys that is day one of my
five-day daily vlogs hopefully you had
fun hang with me I'm fine hang with you
by the way I forgot to give it a
shout-out last week on my blogs but
brand new podcast episode up is up right
now and is with Epic Meal Times Harley
it's pretty awesome and we talk about
food porn and we talk about a lot of
other reared shit real weird he talked
about one def sex with my mom and I
think she wants to have sex with him
back ID you guys question of the day
speaking of Hannah Montana stickers of a
time when things were much more sweet
and simple let's talk about Miley
Cyrus's new music video what were your
thoughts on wrecking ball my thoughts
were it was terrifying
which reminds me I'm on my website STR
me calm I found a picture that a fan
posted of me as Miley Cyrus on a
wrecking ball and it is beautiful so
there you go Miley if you ever need a
body double don't call this guy all
right you guys I'm gonna go I love you
and I will see you tomorrow one finger
kiss that's creepy whatever I'll put it
in you anyways oh my god you're thinking
of only fuck oh my god this guy's a
genius genie yes
