a wrong go wrong go wrong you guys used
to love me when I see crazy hey what's
up you guys first of all I just want to
address something I've been seing in the
comments lately well a couple things
firstly no I'm not a woman secondly no
I'm not a man
thirdly I don't know what I am but most
importantly a lot of you guys are saying
I'm copying pudy pie and Smosh and Toby
and all these other gamers on youtube
and because I'm playing the same games
as em first of all I'm sure all those
people are great and hilarious and
awesome and have huge penises and way
bigger than mine I don't watch gaming
videos so I don't know who's playing
what I'm just playing the games that you
guys are requesting I go to the comments
and whatever the most commented one is a
play and by play I mean I go to the
website I turn it on I make fun of it
and then I turn it off so technically
I'm not even a gamer even though these
videos make me look like a gay Murr I'm
not that being said let's get on to
today's gaming I'm going to be playing
akinator sounds like a stripper name for
a girl with metal legs so let's get to
play hello I am akinator to start game
click on play alright here we go
do I hope you has the voice of Robin
Williams think about a real or fictional
character I will try to guess who it is
oh I need a nickname oh my favorite part
pube weaves because I'm classy and I'm
gonna say I'm 227 and I'm definitely a
woman oh maximum age is a hundred ah
ageist
alright fine i'm 100 is your character
real okay so we got to think of a person
let's do youtubers oh I want to do Joey
but I feel like I've talked about Joey
way too much this week okay I will do
Jax gaps I met in the VidCon they're
twins
which means they're quadruple e more
attractive than me but your character
real I mean listen I'm gonna say yes but
sometimes I think twins are just an
illusion I just feel like it's a side
effect of my medication is your
character male yes as your character
ever been married I don't know I feel
like they could have been they're the
kind of guys that look really young but
they could be old like they're either 13
or 45 I'm gonna go with no though are
they singer I don't know but I hope so
because twins harmonizing would be
beautiful do they come from the internet
they come from heaven but that's not an
option so obviously the Internet is your
character linked with videogames I don't
think so but they always playing games
with maja do they live in America no
they don't
they are British and that is one of the
only things I know about them are they
British yes oh my god he's reading them
I like are they a racoon what sound like
a British slang word it sounds racist
I'm gonna say no are they associated
with the color white this also sounds
racist I'm gonna say no what would yes
be what does that even mean are they
associated with public radio who's no
what do they like peanut butter this is
very confusing I don't I don't know I'm
going to say I don't know do they have a
twin brother yes is your character a
second-in-command listen nobody's
second-in-command okay if they were both
here they would be driving both of them
is your character the main character of
the work in which he appears yes
is your character known for hating
things I don't think so they're always
smiling sure up to this video don't hate
mary has your character ever been
engaged no I don't think so
is your character the eldest of the
group no does your character have a twin
brother yes oh my god here we go here we
go oh my god that's one of their names
oh that's huh that's him was he black
and white like he's dead oh look at him
just one button I'm done just enough for
me to get going
Oh perfect my little hand is already on
its nipple akinator knows I was fun I
was easy alright let's see something a
little bit harder let's do the overly
attached girlfriend is your character
female yes has your character really
existed I hope so
does your character personally know you
well yeah she knows me but he wouldn't
know that would he or would he he is a
genie is your character blonde no but I
feel like if you told her you like
blonde hair she died right away does she
come from the internet yes she does your
character in a relationship I think so I
think she's murdered all her previous
boyfriends so we'll go with new is she
older than 18 she's another one I don't
know she could be 13 she could be 65 is
she important no but that would be
amazing never have a boner again does
she live in California I don't know
is your character white yes she is she
leaked with video games no does she's a
lifesaver I mean if you told her you
wanted to I'm sure she will
may the force be with you is your
character a singer kind of she makes
funny songs is she linked to the beauty
business no but I really hope she starts
doing Beauty tutorials because that
would be terrifying everyone today I'm
going to show you how to get this look
all you need is 12 xanax a boy who
doesn't call you back an equipment
already is your character an internet
meme yes
is your character lab chr√©tien no -
that's sad does your character I have a
freaky smile oh my god he knows is your
character known for her facial
expression
yes is your character a queen I mean
she's my queen but no I don't think so
oh my god you're thinking of only
oh my god this guy's a genius genius
well there you go that was me playing
the akinator youtuber edition I had a
lot of fun I'm completely hard now and
I'm ready to go play with myself so
question of the day what game should I
play next also make sure to check it out
brand new Lady Gaga spoof is up right
now it's super funny and super awesome
it's one of my favorites poops I've ever
done it looks really good it looks like
it cost a lot of money to make and it
did and I'm broke so please go watch all
right you guys hope you have fun day
with me I'm funny with you when I was
are you mom bye just close your eyes and
think about mom's next question oh my
god oh god gross you're so appropriate
