guys like me my Bloods dirty I have a
lot of dirty jokes in my head right now
but I'm gonna save them because we are
gonna play dirty would you rather Oh
first of all it's Britney bitch snitch
what's that mean
it's the same thing with cleaner Oh
we'll just get ready his niche huh
because it's dirty would you rather is
going to be really dirty
now Britney is known for being a very
clean youtuber I've been her friend for
oh good too long now forever
and she doesn't cause she doesn't talk
about anything dirty so I thought why
not do this sexual would you rather game
I've already done this before
but I'm sure this will be even better I
feel a little nervous who'll do it
that's doing okay our first question
would you rather make one porn per week
or work a full-time job
oh I think I'd rather work a full-time
job hmm boys are I don't know I mean
we're technically porn stars anyways
maybe you we're selling our bodies I'm
selling my love no no my body and your
hair it a lot of hair on my body would
you rather have your boyfriend punch you
in the back of the head and yell Ramy
when he comes sorry I wrote that or
would you rather have him come in one
minute
before those are normal - mm-hmm my
pleasure being yelling wammy
a lot of hair no that's scary
okay how about punching you and like the
rib cage look I know you're into that
yeah as long the tendons
if joking is joking joking never be a
mother
oh honey
now free boy there's gonna be the shit
out of you make sure it's in places I
can't see this is this this is all
hypothetical this isn't real life this
is the YouTube life which is different
yes one don't you rather eat out your
mom's butt hole or be shot in the
genitals with a BB gun bang just shoot
me in the places well it is hidden you
can't tell us I'm pasty white but I am
another me my mom's potable
she has IBS which Arisa a washing which
is a problem because I'm sure her butt's
never that clean but I feel like that
would give us a whole new level of
relationship right no just close your
eyes and think about 89 mom's next
question
oh my god oh god gross your son
appropriate but in you would you rather
have your testicles chewed off by a
squirrel or have your eyeballs decked
out by a bird I don't have testes so
eyeballs
ah proof okay no I imagine you eyeballs
if I had balls I'd want my eyeballs
doctor really yeah all right so you guys
really touched your balls you'd want
your eyeballs pickle yeah maybe maybe
you'd rather not see and be able to
scratch your balls no I'm not them gone
yeah I want them gone to you I'm not
even talking about the challenge oh snap
would you rather swim in a pool full of
period blood or a pool full of sperm us
they're both great options when you like
it so you shouldn't just burn you should
swim in the period book okay so you're
deciding for me I miss being a good
friend I don't have to decide first I
want to swim in the blood good idea
you know I've always wanted to swim in a
big thing of pudding okay
just like it's just like pudding would
you rather have a hooker pubis Bugis
stomach was calm you or have a hooker
fart an ass load or village how does it
happen like my laying down or does she
like projectile fart
just like bend over sorry I think you're
too much not to it um yeah because fart
would only be sperm and maybe a little
poop drops but vomit would be bomb there
would be hookers eat a lot of Chipotle
and there would be like just beans and
how do you know this well I should let
me go to Chipotle you see like 10
huggers in mine right no how do you know
some of the hookers I know well I know
folk this one's great
last one perfect for the finale and I
want you guys to answer - this is the
question of the day would you rather
lose your virginity to honey Boo Boo's
mom or a dog this question is really sad
for honey Boo Boo's mom what is illegal
and one is having sex with the dog I'm
not sanitary
it's another species now my question is
are you having sex with honey Boo Boo's
mom's vagina or her neck
because you can do both so wrong you
could go 5 inches in and you're good and
what works gets an area you poke a hole
in there and it's easy for her to
breathe good on you doctor I'd rather do
any boobs mom I actually have I would
say honey Boo Boo's
I have a weird I like sausage too much
and our stuff them too much to put them
in that position I just have more of a
fad medicine idea dr. fish
okay see what you like you like the junk
I mean listen I kissed horny started
licking my back I wouldn't get grounded
in bed but honey Boo Boo's mom start
looking you kick her out no you keep her
all day I would shove that big gray pit
filled head real hard down well guys
that's been the would you rather with
Shayne and Brett crap you already
another question fucking answer it yeah
alright if you guys want to see me in a
chicken suit on omegle but bringing in
to check out her channel I'm not kidding
that's what we did no really I happened
hot chicks on a bagel with dicks no and
if you want to see me and birdie to do
more would you rather z-- some of them
are clean but I'm gonna make them dirty
then go to her Channel and subscribe and
check it out leave a comment saying fart
come out you guys ok fine a windows
nothing with you and I will see you
tomorrow bye I can't reach I can't reach
fuck come in it this next piece is my
thermometer now I know a lot of people
are thinking that's not fashionable
that's a jewelry this piece has been in
me way more than any of my piercings of
enemies though it's jewelry
