there's a lot of stories yeah a lot of
rappers penises have been in my mouth
yeah which one give us brushable
what about the ball just the ball always
a ball okay good
hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now for most of
you the Internet is a lot you can watch
videos on YouTube you can see what your
friends are doing on Twitter you can
post pictures on Instagram maybe once in
a while you can go to the weird side of
YouTube and see some crazy videos but
underneath all of that deep deep deep
into the Internet is something called
the dark web now the dark web is very
real it's not a conspiracy it's not a
legend it's a very very real place where
some of the darkest parts of humanity
are exposed now before we talk about
some of the scariest things that are on
the dark web let's explain where it is
so the Internet has three layers let's
think of it like an iceberg the top
layer is the clear web now the clear web
is something that we're all familiar
that's where the googles and the Twitter
and the Facebook's are but the clear web
only makes up 4% of the Internet that's
right this much of the Internet is what
we really know and then there's a lot
more underneath so the next layer right
under the clear web is the Deep Web now
the Deep Web isn't that scary it's just
stuff that most common people don't know
how to find or don't care about mostly
data encrypted services and other stuff
like that now if we're going to continue
with the iceberg analogy the dark web
would be the very very bottom of the ice
underneath a mile of pitch-black cold
water at the bottom of that iceberg mass
in fact there's an estimated 4 billion
pages now the dark web is something
that's almost impossible to find you can
do a Google search and go through a
million pages and never find it in many
ways we're looking at a parallel
universe we're looking at an alternative
internet a place where people
communicate secretly and security away
from the prying eyes of government now
you can just trying to access the dark
limit
and if you do it you could get on the
radar of the FBI it's a secret world
used by criminals to buy and sell drugs
gun sex just about anything you can
imagine now even some incredibly skilled
hackers stay away from the time mainly
because some of the things you could
find on it are so incredibly terrifying
also most of the things I'm just
clarifying they're illegal
here is just a list of a few things that
you could find you can buy social
security numbers you can buy stolen
credit card information you can buy
weapons and guns you can buy drugs you
can buy an incredibly illegal torn you
can organise terrorist attacks you can
buy snuff films which are videos of real
people die you can even buy death that's
right on the dark web you can hire a
hitman to kill the amount of the legal
shit you can I on the dark web it's
crazy
okay so I found this one it is called I
think it's like fake ID and Passport
yeah fake passport ID sale so fake
German passports all kinds of stuff like
this our passports are produced with
high quality and have no difference from
the original documents now now you're
thinking Sheamus doesn't make sense
how's the government I'll shut this down
well that's maybe because it's so
incredibly difficult to find in 2011 a
man named Ross willing started an online
black market called silk Wilk and the
things you could find on the Silk Road
bring ten the government says hundreds
of thousands of users like this man used
the impossible to trace website which
sells drugs weapons forged documents and
even hitmen it's called the Silk Road
now eventually Ross was investigated it
was put in prison for life for creating
a silver now one of the main reasons he
was put in prison was because on the
Silk Road you could hire assassins and
goodbye the browsers website says poor
was originally developed for the US Navy
in an effort to keep government
communications out of the public eye now
police say human traffickers are using
browsers like it to hide okay now
about some of the scariest stories from
the top now on the deep web there's a
lot of different communities of people
who are into interesting things and one
of those things is cannibalism that's
right there was even a place called the
cannibal cafe we're cannibals from all
over the world we discuss how to find
victims how to prepare them and in some
cases by in trade body parts for them
geez in fact a convicted murderer and
cannibal names are menus use this
community to find another man named Bern
brands now Armin and burned agreed to
meet each other and they agreed also to
eat burns penis I let's just keep going
Armin killed her and then 844 pounds of
him and the body is to be eaten it has
to be dead that's clear and mr. Brandes
put his penis on the table and mr. MELAS
cut the penis this is nice he also then
put him in the freezer
captain there for 10 months while he
slowly ate him and he videotaped the
entire thing now obviously this video is
not online anywhere but it was shown in
court and some of the jury members
afterward had a good therapy oh that
one's just paid all right this next
story is unfortunately a very common
this is from a reddit user name I am
Chuck I once came across the website
advertising a hit the services cost
increasingly more based on the type of
target I don't remember the exact amount
but the order went something like this
from least to greatest civilians police
politicians and change yeah and there's
tons of
you can hire and hiring them is just as
dangerous as committing murder ourselves
I mean that's one of the main reasons
the guy who created Silk Road was going
now this next part is very intense
there's an entire community on the dark
web who likes Human Torch there's a
place called the human experiment now
some of the things they talked about
doing on this site are as follows
injecting bleach into pregnant with
starvation sterilization and exposure to
radiation now that's not crazy enough
there's something that a man named Peter
Sully did that will terrify you
now Peter did really awful things to
young women and videotaped it and posted
it on the dark web even sexually
assaulted tortured and murdered a girl
while people watched online Peter Scully
was on the run for four years considered
Australia's most evil predator he was
the mastermind behind a worldwide
pedophile ring which he ran from a
remote corner of the Philippines now
Peter was put away in prison and this
isn't the first time or the last time
it's definite this is happening people
being hurt or tortured as a form of
entertainment it's very real now listen
I am incredibly intrigued by this
obviously I make video about it but I am
going to warn you please do not visit
the drug lab I'm not going to I mean me
this guy even I stay leave I mean
there's plenty of terrifying creepy
insane shit on the clean in the amount
of videos I've seen of just I'm not
going to go there I mean just the front
page at lightly clone is fucking nuts so
to think about stuff that's you scarier
than that my brain can't process it so
once again please don't go there this
video is made to talk about it not to
get you to build it plus there's plenty
of creepy shit on my channel for you to
watch lady you don't have to let's go
hopefully to a discreet video if you
want another one or if you want me to
dive a little bit deeper into one of the
creepy areas of
Jack Webb and you thumbs up sign them
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel hit the notification cell below
because I'm making videos every day
and if you want to do some of my other
videos where I got put the scariest
websites on the Internet I'll put a link
to a playlist trying to top description
all right you guys have fun on the
Internet
