Shayne's in the closet laugh it up
you done laughing you done making jokes
you done assuming I'm gay good then
let's move on and get to my jewelry haul
this is my Flamengo necklace um
basically I wear it whenever I go out
just to show people that I have a long
neck and I'm not fucking around
don't we talk me shit anywhere near me
because I will hear you cuz girl my neck
is so long I could get in your face and
hear you this next piece is my
thermometer now I know a lot of people
are thinking that's not fashionable
that's not jewelry this piece has been
in me way more than any of my piercings
have been in me so it's jewelry speaking
of things inside of me this is a hand I
bought it to Swami I just found out
yesterday that it's meant for rings I
found out the hard way it wasn't meant
for other things I have but stitches
this is my dream rock I close my eyes
and wish for a dream let's try it out
hmm nope still making YouTube videos
it did happen hey was anything guys yes
I'm in my closet and all that stuff was
Lisa's except for the butt thermometer
that was mine and somebody left me a
comment saying hey Shane you should do a
closet tour so then I replied to the
comment said I'm not miss glamor star
rotc poo
I'm just mr. poo but why not try it out
so first we have my brand new Shanae is
my homegirls shirt on sale now it's
Shane Dawson John Spencer calm only
$15.99 to get your own Shane Dawson is
my homegirl shirt you're a sellout next
we have a dinosaur costume for my dog
you're a fucking weirdo so my closet is
kind of a mess you can't really tell but
down here there are about five yours
full of underwear mainly because I don't
like to throw my underwear away I feel
like it's like Sisterhood of the
Traveling Pants every stain in every
hole has a story and they all begin with
a trip to Chipotle so let's start with
my shirts this is a v-neck I should not
wear these this is my Justin Bieber
shirt and I'm not gonna lie I wear this
every night Tibet I bought it as a joke
and that was three years ago and I'm
still wearing it flying pug this is my
anchorman shirt I've never seen the
movie but I bought the shirt because it
was on sale and I'm cheap yep I'm that
guy
this is a shirt that my brother got me
for my birthday last year this is
hashtag team paddy bitch if you don't
know what patty is she is the woman from
Laer Matchmaker one of my favorite shows
of all time and I like pugs you put my
two favorite things together put it on
the shirt and I look crazy you remove my
wallet and last but not least this is a
shirt that my mom got me for my birthday
that says bitch better have my honey I
have no idea what this means but the
fact that my mom thought of me when she
saw it is amazing so now we have my
flannel drawer um every lesbian has to
have one it's basically just a
collection of the same shirt in
different colors like blue yellow
lighter blue brighter blue red all the
colors mixed together
a unicorn horn not sure why that's in
there then we go to the most fun part of
my closet my underwear drawer which I
call Shia LaBeouf cuz it's full of halls
seriously this is underwear this is not
a luchador mask my name is Senor shit
because I have seen your shit
seriously I've seen a lot of it it's
still in your butt and there is no
protection from your pants to get a
pothole and it goes right to my mouth I
bought these at Target five for four or
five years ago and I love them so much
and I just can't get rid of them and I
know what you're thinking I probably
have another pair that don't have holes
in them you know something to really
wear you'd be wrong
I have two and then in that drawer I
also have my swim shirt because I have
body issues if I could swim in cargo
pants I would and then of course every
closet needs a neck pillow feel like
everybody has this in their closet I
mean where else do they put it and don't
forget about my Fall Out Boy hat
remember in the early 2000s when this
was cool remember in the late 2000s when
I was cool yeah me neither
and then in the very bottom of my closet
I have my swim shoes because not only do
I have body issues
I have feet issues my toenails are so
fat and now let's tackle the top that's
a Lucas said I have my blazer section as
every good lesbian has I got a blue
blazer
I got a gray blazer I got a black blazer
and then I have three more blue blazers
that all look the same but I keep buying
new Blazers because I think they hide my
muffin top when in reality none of them
do you know what hides my muffin top
working out and eating right now fucking
I'll spy another blazer and that's it
those are my clothes and that's my air
conditioning so it came in right at the
perfect time cuz I'm out of shape and
I'm already sweating
alright I'm gonna go I hope you guys
have fun hang with me I'm finding with
you and I will see you tomorrow also I
know I keep talking about this but I'm
going to talk about it again I just want
to thank you guys so much for liking the
podcast
and listening to it downloading it it's
a huge success and I'm very excited and
I also want to know who else you want on
the show so far with Adam Lucas
Cruikshank hey Fred Tara Reid Lohan
theny Joey Graceffa Harley from Epic
Meal Time but let me know who else won't
all right you guys I'm gonna go and I'll
see you in the closet bye what does what
dares like affect me whether they
