number one what would you wear clothes
like this that's going to be a problem
for me um we need to give you like a
makeover something like a little more
gangster and a little less gay Inkster
hey what's up you guys I'm here with
Joey ah that's just known for a while oh
yeah you love it don't you
a minute give me them oh that's how you
play with my vagina leave me alone okay
so today we're gonna play a game of
truth or dare the first dear was he
Shane wear makeup so I am hmm maybe that
was our the dare the people can't even
tell you they can tell I'm listening all
the cops would be like why she wearing
makeup so I'm just addressing it this is
another skin reaction something happened
and I wanted to look pretty for you
maybe just get a better color and that
way people won't know I'm using Lisa she
goes on the Sun I don't know I should
have just used white
oh yeah you know what else I can use
play oh it's perfect color
hmm my ass see all right the truth today
so I went on this random website and
it's going to give us truths and dares
and we're gonna do a part one here and
then part two on his channel and I'm
guessing at some point we're gonna have
sex so stay tuned alright let's have you
go first
truth or dare good girl the truth house
will start off easy deeper harder truth
have you ever skinny-dipped yes really
yeah where else
ah when who why when who why what we're
we're gonna tell you back sorry um but
it was a story it was in a jacuzzi ooh
scandalous with who your mom my mom
likes to skinny-dip with me - I gave
funny story I was in st. John's when I
was on like probably in third grade and
my pants are
anything in the jacuzzi and I didn't
know it was really awkward now were they
skinny dipping or were they making more
Joey
haha cuz that's a whole lotta level I
don't know
well on that note I learned all I needed
to know from that yes oh my turn I'm
gonna with a dare because I'm cool sit
on the lap of the person next to you
look you would have thought I made that
one up oh thank god
perfect oh gosh oh my goodness gracious
Yanni yes fetch Oh No Oh ooooh I feel
something you know Oh oh my god ha ha oh
that's just your keys yeah how'd that
feel
I don't think you're a lot lighter than
I expected another fat joke haha okay
truth or dare okay all right here we go
sing a sexual song to the person sitting
next to you huh sexual I'm not the thing
about just okay then forget sexual just
seeing something romantic
oh yeah baby that dad don't you uh-huh
uh-huh give it to me baby
sexual it's my middle name you like that
don't you how's it go Mantic I decided
to go to sexual are you gonna go with
something like a boob and get you all
day looking at those green eyes looking
at those little bangs this is my hair
sorry expensing do you feel encounter
boom so hard I'm a man
what oh this isn't gonna work alright
I'm gonna go with the truth do you have
a secret tab actually I do
I can sing with my mouth closed can you
mm-hmm give me any song Britney Spears
to me baby one more time not happen with
the gay rumors but okay
yeah really I don't like that is it with
my mouth is closed I sound more like
freeze all right shoot the day I don't
continue on after that that is a really
so let's just say I'll be singing the
song Wynnum Cupid dare actually do truth
because I'm slow job okay truth have you
ever deliberately watched someone while
they were changing or showering
please don't say your parents again this
is gay I want to say it no because I am
too paranoid that the person would like
look so no you should it's great I look
all the time okay I'll do I'll do it
dear because I just did it truth what
therefore all fits those snorts in there
isn't another fan job my machine so
funny
oh then give you a blowjob I'm not
singing oh my god enough to the float
challenge on my rap a little bit I'll
imitate a cat and ask for food from the
player haha I don't like this what
there's like effective
whether they know how long does this
last something like an hour I think
that's a bad day okay I'll be there
imitate your first kiss how do you give
it to the first kids pretentious or he
or whoever your mom probably one of your
parents is really weird really weird
background as you take mom's here god
you saw her naked there were bubbles in
the jacuzzi okay good that's it
first kiss what I was I'm done did you
like make you look like an alien to me
I'm a doctor mom how weird I have issues
- okay - the Dare shirt
what's a craziest pick-up line you've
ever heard I heard somebody I don't know
where was but I heard this they said
here at Wolverine act already yo what's
up girl you ain't here a pot of Fame
yeah yeah how about us Slytherin that
didn't work no get our money get a
little uh abracadabra open up the rectum
obviously they didn't work last one
truth or dare well I have to end it on a
dare yay lick the other players neck oh
my gosh okay let me fix my hair this is
it deadly amoeba thunder do I get 2% off
vampire yes yes you can
oh my god I'm so nervous I'm like the
Mexican girlfriend and power berries
alright here we go let's do that oh my
god oh yeah
Chucky but is that supposed to mean it
means for the bean all right you guys
those are all the truth Adair's on my
face
no good if you want to see more to the
dearest go to his channel because
they're gonna be even creepier over
there and that question of the day what
should show we do next
yes let us man I want to lick his neck I
bet it tastes like Sawyer Sawyer I just
feel like you guys spoon for nice it's
more for we spork ideas up Eponine with
us are your funding with you and if you
want to see more showy videos I made a
playlist I will put the link you did how
do you do in a little the show playlist
cool you can play with us aren't you
guys I love you see you later bye the
worst part is Joey's on his way over and
we're gonna do a collab and I can't look
like this
I already feel ugly sitting next to him
and now you thought this on my face this
is like the view
I'm Joy Behar and he's Elisabeth
Hasselbeck
