we just skating hoes I feel like I just
sat on the sword I'm so wet well guys
it's finally happened I've become
allergic to myself I gave myself herpes
I don't know what this stuff is but I
was totally fine then I got the shower
then I came out looking like a pizza and
not a delicious pizza a five dollar
Little Caesars Pizza that gives you
diarrhea the next day but you still go
back the next day after that and get a
whole pizza and eat it cuz you have
emotional problems uh-huh
no but seriously what is this guys I'm
like freaking out is this a disease the
worst part is Joey's on his way over and
we're going to do a collab and I can't
look like this
I already feel ugly sitting next to him
and now you felt this on my face this is
like the view
I'm Joy Behar he's Elisabeth Hasselbeck
so I think what I have to do is I have
to ask Lisa to put makeup on me to cover
this up it's going to take our
relationship to a whole nother really
weird level all right guys this is
happening I'm getting a makeover
why ages for ever what color thought
this is just for me I'm afraid to like
put too much on you because your face is
too much is never too much trying to
look good for Joey be happen I'm trying
to look good for Humanity corny are you
excited for my makeover you're terrified
me too looking good
and a woman hmm can't even see my
disease mmm I look Lindsay Lohan orange
no good be good
Oompa Loompa with bad skin it's so mean
a cutable of it yeah can't wait for Joey
to see me it's gonna hate me he's not
gonna be in love with me anymore what am
I gonna do
I've nothing to go back to damn straight
you don't who is short-shorts to do to
do - he wears short shorts yeah um I
mean they are a little hairy
I mean listen I'm not gonna lie you're
definitely hairier than I thought you
would be but in a good way it is like a
new look I actually never really wear
shorts but it is about like 95
degrees outside today that is true it's
definitely 95,000 degrees in there you
know Sam oh oh
Erina Oh Courtney's on fire
she heard hot crotch and she's like okay
but yeah and I know you
is this like it's like it's like a
natural look yeah natural okay all right
well good for you
ah go natural and she's open for
business
oh she's ready she's like on natural -
I'm ready I'm ready for it
mmm look at those hairy legs yeah that
was too close to the puppy pajamas haha
sorry so we are gonna do it look like we
have no idea what we're gonna do maybe
truth or dare maybe we'll wax his leg
maybe I'll ask him why he has a bottle
of shampoo - on my couch that is my
balls bottle that looks like it's not
even know what that looks like a butt
plug or something what is that no it
looks like a cool glass of water
no wait how much was that wait two
dollars that's such a lie that was like
$15.99 maybe some rich water anyways
we're gonna film something and then I'm
uh that's it and then he and then he's
gonna lick my makeup off probably
beautiful blame it on a mouse okay I'm
out of jokes all right I'm done being
funny today I'm covered in a rash tired
sweaty today has not been my day
actually was pretty fun Joey is always a
blast right to the face so question the
day what should I name this weird herpes
bump be creative maybe even combine it
with this herpes bump you could ship it
there's about 500 ships on my face right
now so just call me the ocean all right
you guys I love you hope you have fun
egged me I'm fine hang with you by the
way this is gonna be a really fun week
we got me and Joyce collab a little
extra Sheneneh and Joey action going on
got another collab with Brittani Louise
Taylor it's going to be a fun week so
make sure to subscribe I promise if you
subscribe my face will get better I'm
lying
alright you guys I love you bye penguin
name well let's think he's fat he's bald
let's go with Cee Lo Green
