number one what would you wear clothes
like this that's going to be a problem
for me um we need to give you like a
makeover something like a little more
gangster and a little less gay in
Sturgis
hey what's up you guys oh my god I'm so
excited
look what I found here my baby daddy
yeah she's oh she's sleeping he's
sleeping he's sleeping at a kid's penis
you know we should do with that just
throw that in the fire uh-huh perfect
it's that easy kids kind of you can
either use condoms or you could just
throw your babies in the fire hashtag
parenting um so we just did a video how
do you think it went
I mean I think it got really real at the
end but you taught me a lot about being
gangster and I shot a gun let me just
tell you it was really hard making you
gangster like I wasn't sure you were
gonna be able to do it but you did and
I'm proud of you I know I still get the
ball sometimes comes out monkey wow you
know what I should do actually what BRB
I'm gonna get a present for you all
right he doesn't know this yet but I'm
gonna rape him I'm kidding um he already
knows I'm gonna do that I tweeted at him
I have a little present for him he
doesn't know about it yet
okay Howie look what I got it's Barbies
of me and you yeah that's you I don't
have blonde hair that's completely you
just a second let me look
yeah nothing there it's you uh-huh so I
thought what we could do is we could
like reenact like a scene of our love
together okay okay so I'll take me okay
okay so like let's pretend like nobody's
watching okay yo Sheneneh would a girl
oh hey what's your name yeah you know my
name is Joey mmm I do know your name I
wish it wasn't Joey though I wish it was
something more gangster Joey to me kind
of feels like uh I don't know like a
woman or like just something like
nothing a woman I'm a man you wanna see
yeah that's a man's penis um that kind
of looked like nothing uh well you
clearly are a bitch ass skank ass ho who
don't know not in I mean this is getting
really personal yeah it is calling me a
bitch ass niggas how
yeah really yep you were calling me a
nasty bitch dirty slut yeah a mistake
and you're nasty gross God's mistake a
sink mistake Steve uses dig y'all keep
you take these Barbies get him away it's
about to get real up in here
yeah whoa oh girl you did Pilates just
now what was that like a whispering
horse call this one the the trike the
treadmill with the ball praying mantis
ooh I like that
when I could just get down there and
pray to oh that got weird
um yeah so it's been a fun day and you
know in the video we were talking about
our dance moves and we didn't really
show them off so I'd like to see like
what's your signature dance miss
signature yeah like if we were in the
club right now
aka KFC um what would you do how would
you get my attention
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my god oh my god
this is happening oh my oh my god too
much attention too much attention oh my
god that was amazing
yeah no yeah mine will be a little more
here well firstly for that a good mother
ha ha ha ha ha I would have my baby baby
dolls court and it'd be some like this
that's my jam my peanut butter enchants
don't get in between me and my man
that's my jam that's my jam Oh guess you
solve it nobody done boom strike a pose
so there you go guys that's Mina Joey's
little day together you know we had
babies we had Barbies we had babies and
now we're done which is the question of
the day be if you are a mother would you
treat your child like that better
question who is your least favorite
mother
I'm gonna go with mine no I'm kidding
how about if me and Joey were actually
to have a baby
what would the baby's name
that's a good question by the way with
their ship named Chanel Chanel Chanel we
Jenaya Jenaya actually almost was my
name Joe a way so way cuz that's kind of
like when somebody says girl did you
hear what happened yesterday it was
crazy and then you go instead of like no
way you go Joe a way no I don't think
that works cuz there's like a W man
there's no W in there working anyways
yeah alright you guys hope you have fun
day with me Oh Joey I don't know what
that voice was I need it just I'm gonna
take my way boss oh my god huh it's my
wig cap it's also a condom for a whale
oh well it's beautiful
umm yes me enjoy I just film some videos
it was very fun this is not a good look
for me there we go that's better that's
at less creepy right and we will see you
guys tomorrow
maybe the old double beard forever glue
what else should we talk about sometimes
I have bad thoughts I think about
killing other people I think about all
the dark parts of the world that I want
to go to and travel and learn by
witchcraft
