hey what's up you whores it's a bunch of
comments on Shane's video being like oMG
corny should totally have her own blogs
and I was like no shot
I'm the shit take a web so like I feel
like you guys should like know more
about like me well first of all I'm a
Sagittarius and let me just tell you I
am such a vegetarian and clingy and
moody and totally depressed but like
depressed in a fun way like not to press
like annoying like depressed like oh my
god let's just lay around a lot some
Netflix all day although once in a while
I think about killing myself but then I
see Shane naked and I'm like Oh gross
I'm totally better than that anyways I
should probably talk to you bout like my
favorite TV shows
I'm totally one of those people that
doesn't watch TV like I read poetry and
I'm like listen to music and I like do
things that are creative and I go for
walks and Parks itself like I don't even
own a TV like that's not like not even
mine like I don't even know who's that I
don't even know why that's on like sweet
genius like what is that like I would
never want that look trash I mean a show
about a bunch of people that are
fighting over food I mean that's just
like a day in the life of this house I'm
so bored vlogging is boring anyways
let's talk about other things that are
fun like me ignoring you
just kidding such a bitch okay let's
talk about Jelena like we have to like
first of all what is she doing with him
like uh-oh
like pina buckets that is so gross I
mean he should just pee on the floor
like I do I'm so fuckin classy what else
is going on well I saw one direction
this board like first of all they're not
even friends but they're like acting
like friends like yawn board it was
basically like high school like I was
friends with all my friends but I like
wasn't friends with all my friends like
I didn't really know my friends like I
was like frenemies with my friends you
know any name sorry of crabs
another reason Selena shouldn't be with
Justin are we done yet I'm bored I'm
literally falling asleep sitting up
let's talk about youtubers and I watch
any girl for any good talk um what else
should we talk about sometimes I have
bad thoughts I think about killing other
people I think about all the dark parts
of the world that I want to go to and
travel and learn by witchcraft
sometimes that question if there's a god
sometimes I think I am God and like
that's about it huh it's like let me
know in the comments like what you want
me to talk about like what should I talk
about next I hope you hated hang with me
I hate it hang with you I'm falling
asleep and I'm over it bye hey was it
you guys yes
that was Courtney's first vlog she did
very good she acted like she cared she
asked a question and she burped on
camera she's just like her daddy
no I'm today today's been kind of a lazy
day I've just been editing and stuff so
I didn't really have much to show you um
and you know corny has just been begging
to be in a vlog my vlogs are so much
funnier than yours your fat piece of
shit
corny I'm just kidding oMG WTF how come
your test she's even better at using
hashtags than I am
bitch all right you guys I'm gonna go
have fun hang with us we have fun
hanging with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
Kourt are you excited about seeing them
tomorrow I'm excited about licking my
vagina tomorrow dammit
one more thing she can do that I can't
I'll see you guys later
mayonnaise horseradish and clam juice
baby you shouldn't have you're just
cooking me up the beautiful most
beautiful meal I've ever had and then
some toothpaste for afterwards you know
we don't want to have dirty mouth
