do you want to play a game what's that
you want to go outside and be a normal
dog never you're stuck with me forever
and we never leave the comfort of our
cow which I've turned you into a cat hey
that's something eyes yes it is Friday
which means it's time to play a game and
speaking of cute little bitches we're
gonna be playing a game called pom pom
gets Wi-Fi all I know is when you guys
left in the comments I kept thinking you
said porn get Wi-Fi and I was like uh I
already have Wi-Fi and I'm already
watching for one 24/7 so check but no I
misread it Tom gets Wi-Fi supposably is
a game and I guess we're gonna play it
right cording sometimes I think you're
deaf am i right you're gonna need dog
therapy a lot of it okay let's play Oh
it's like Christmas or really disturbing
slow porn either way
it's snowing in here new game what is
happening why am i inside of paris
hilton's house why is there a big vagina
on the floor oh god the sun is shining
the birds are singing it looks like the
perfect day oh I'm already bored how's a
fart to spend on the Internet
that's right bomb hello you my homie
girl now what should I check first ooh
where do we start
oh we got your match.com guy x2 the cow
we can see if those underwear we found
at the One Direction concert sold on
eBay yet so many options first world
problems Facebook fed dick AG detail or
tongue fur let's do say Slough cuz girl
most of the people on my facebook is
dogs anyways
I'm kidding no I'm not all the people I
went to high school with look like dogs
now God stop posting pictures of your
fucking food and showing off how much
you're having fun without Nate no one
wants to see your ugly duck face either
IFC I fucked Chloe hey looks like my top
Pomeranians s book group has some new
members are you fucking kidding me
these are all humans showing off their
dogs plus some weird girl pretending to
be a dog on the Internet are you
seriously telling me that I am the only
legit pom-pom dodge on this website
forget this I don't want to live on this
planet anymore flies into the Sun what
is this is just a game or is this just a
joke because whatever it is loving it
next up is
- Tong fo wow this fan art is amazed the
less this drawing the artist is 14 why
this so talented this is impossible
leaps into an active volcano it's like
they took my life and animated it I hope
at some point she cries and watches
Cupcake Wars alone red dig question mark
question mark question mark my problem
Jesus Grey's the myth Parkers are doing
an maa
this is tur error of a crack now my
chance to ask them all my burning
questions oh all my comments will
probably be buried though lies down oh
my god pom-pom wake up your house is on
fire
finally I need to check oh my god Master
wake up you have to get out of here come
on this way what the fuck
mom are you still in there we have to go
masters already waiting outside I swear
to dog if you don't shut up I'm gonna
put another wall down you a all right
shit a bomb listen open your jaw I run
for it go away
no I'm not leaving without you hurry the
ceiling here looks like it's about to
collapse
Oh finally that dumb shit shut the fuck
up it's just me or is it like a hella
hot in here
our owners is rid of the air
conditioning hey honor error fungus me
and I'm dead huh
this is so much better now I can finally
finish my daily rounds and Jagjit ale
huh there's no Wi-Fi just kill me now
what did I ever do to deserve this I'm
crying now it's not the time to be
wallowing in self-pity I gotta get up
and do something about this
yeah inspired now what this is it Oh oh
my god I can move aah
Jesus where are you who's that
hmm we could play girl palm Pippi had
I'm glad you didn't get hurt in the fire
do you know where you are
I was waiting outside your room when oh
you excuse you I am hurt I doubt not
none huh now help me look for Wi-Fi what
but isn't it more important that we
figure out how to get home first we can
worry about the Wi-Fi later what the
fuck did you just fucking say to me all
bitch you're fucking dead cut out well
what's this palm you're kind of scaring
me oh I can fight them now okay less
telly yo mama joke yellow is so fat that
her shadow weighs a hundred bombs
burn you're hurting me it's taunt no one
will ever want to go out with you boom
double burn I'm such a bitch let's do
another yo mama joke yo mama's so ugly
when she went to the haunted house she
came up with a Java bag I said fine
there's no need to get violent no one
will ever want to go out with you I
already said that but it doesn't matter
because I'm fucking winning yo mama's
teeth so yellow I can't believe it's not
butter trouble burn boo fighting is bad
you're so ugly the Hello Kitty said
goodbye to you that one was kind of
stupid ya didn't deserve anything okay
are we almost done with this can I just
leave another yo mama joke yo mama's so
fat when she went to the beach all the
whales came up and saying we are family
I mean really that's what one good Lord
o kzv for now I'm here my manservant I
can talk to you whenever I want to just
by facing you and pressing the
Ziqi so I've changed your name to
Sebastian what the hell why my Sebastian
I don't know is it's like a cute name
you're not cute so it's ironic now let's
go find Jesus oh my god the avatar Tree
of Life let's see if we could talk to
dead people
Kesha's career are you there who another
friend
oh I don't wanna hang out with that
person next let me get the fuck out of
here
oh god you look homeless Oh tired the
fuck out of here what is this a rock
thing there's some text Carbon to it it
says Park
yo what's dangerous today you can't go
in there alright whatever bitch do you
mind moving aside a little we're trying
to cross that bridge now came to we've
been in his mouth on up a long time and
it's simply terrible for last our
players I'm gonna be honest you guys I'm
over this I don't understand is this a
game this is a story uh I guess we'll
talk to this fucker hi hi hi welcome to
doggy heaven Thanks wait what doggy
heaven that means you got it your dad ah
if this is heaven where is the wife I'm
in heaven shouldn't there be like ultras
super crazy Wi-Fi or Wi-Fi what's that
oh my fucking god is that a new
technology I've been up here in heaven
for a while now so if that's the case
then I wouldn't know anything about it
sorry
you better be sorry it's just what she's
doing how do I jump off the cloud and
kill myself alright you guys I'm done
I'm done fine it's really fucking weird
game is not even a game this is just a
story why did you guys want me to do
this all I learned is what I've known
forever dogs internal monologues sound
like assholes wait a minute so that
means corny what the fuck do you I I was
just coming over to see if you wanted to
hang out oh yeah I would but I'm like
super busy no I'm actually doing like a
lot right now like I was just thinking
about like how much I poop today and I
like thought about maybe going over and
drinking some more that water and then I
was like numb like bored and like tired
so not just farting like taking a nap oh
so tired you actually know what maybe
I'll check vine I'm like obsessed with
line right now it's crazy how people
could be like way more interesting in
six seconds and you've ever been in your
entire fucking life burn well there you
have it my dog's a bitch but I love her
stop fucking touching me disgusting
today guys go hopefully had fun hang
with me I'm fine hang with you leave me
some comments letting me know what game
you want me to play next and maybe I
will all right you guys I'm gonna go and
I'll see you tomorrow bye the Harry
Potter jelly bean challenge I'm scared
well I'm not gonna give away what this
really is so I'm just gonna tell you you
might borrow get the bucket
