hey what's up you guys yes I'm here with
mama little mama thank you for singing
with her lip gloss is cool her lip
glosses Popat whoo that's a little
moment song oh I thought you actually
were compensating me so today I thought
it would be fun if we did a challenge
and this challenge is going to be the
Harry Potter jelly bean challenge I'm
scared
well I'm not gonna give away what this
really is so I'm just gonna tell you you
might borrow it get the bucket okay so
what we're going to do is we're going to
eat a jelly bean we're going to try to
get the same one and then we have to
guess what flavor it is and then after
we made our guesses we're gonna look on
the back and see if we're right get
ready
so let's both get how about this free
with great Cheers
Oh fine for that I think that's what
weed tastes like no I don't know I don't
I don't eat wheat I'm just saying I feel
like if I did that's what it would taste
like son honestly I don't know it's like
I feel like someone pushed my head in
the grass okay so you're going with
grass yeah I'm going with wheat Oh
grassy other ways that we this is kind
of hide play all right so it was it was
grass for you you have a disgusting
mouth let's go for which one so for
these brown purple ones oh boy that's
really scares me son
Cheers
hello T sick period blood once again I
don't know what that tastes like I'm
just saying is it blood I kissa blood is
there a blood one alright let's see it
was strawberry jam why did we think it
was love
guess what vampires let's go for the
treaty white alright fucking anything
white be bad that's extremely racist but
no okay I'm nervous now boom oh there's
an aftertaste oh it's not always what it
seems white isn't always right
oh I think it's white people you think
they're good but inside they're not
started out good and then it just got
nasty it's like one of my dates
it was coconut hahaha we are not like
this is not going well we do not very
good at this let's do this pink with
white specks right down the hatch
nope yeah dick oh no no you know what
that is that that's cough syrup cough
syrup yeah no that's that's like cough
syrup
cuz it's none my mouth like it's like
medicine it was barf Oh Shane Oh
any real bar I didn't taste one ounce of
Chipotle though I don't know it's like
going to the dentist he barfs in your
mouth
alright let's do this yellow one with
red spots
looks like bloody earwax Oh
Oh oh my god I can't change it
I can't even go there Oh oh it smells
was that barf I don't know what that was
huh I I couldn't even chew it long
enough find out
Oh would maybe it is your wax see if
it's your wet I couldn't keep it in my
mouth oh oh it was barf there's barf and
vomit oh that was definitely a worst
bark than the first one yeah all right
let's go with oh this light yellow one
with sprinkles and you're guessing
they're not sprinkles
whoo look how the Sun is hitting me oh
my oh oh you've cooked this before this
is this has been one of your meals back
and we're really poor it's like meatloaf
Hamburger Helper
is it amber Gerber mine tasted like
cheese I'm oh she's pretty bad memory
not good one all right it was moldy
cheese that's what we ate that's what we
that's what the government gave us
oh yeah the gross smell my cup a shake
that's not it is this really common oh
yeah does mine not as bad as mine
Oh change because some of my spits in
here you know it's full of vomit we
don't have to do this anymore
let's do two more let's do two black
ones that can't be bad right once you go
black you never go back
ha ha ha I'm scared this is what poison
tastes like I can't it smells it's
making my mouth I smell it through my
mouth I'm nervous I'm like Helen Keller
I have weird senses right now I kinda
nervous I'm gonna get sick it's like oil
or something out of the gutter like I'm
nervous all right so what's your final
guess oh I don't know she what's alien
guttering
I can name my five celebrity all the
Kardashians
that's all I can say it oh I think I
feel dizzy
haha it was skunk spray Oh zing all
right for the grand finale
let's do three at once Shane honey
you're gonna put me over the edge okay
I'll do this one this one and this one
so yours is a grey a light white and a
green I'm gonna do it pink and it green
and a blue ready cha cha cha cha cha cha
rubber boy
it's like closing time and Souplantation
too much happening Oh No thank reason
Poirot oh no no I don't know I don't
know uh oh what's the word Lulu one of
mine was toothpaste Oh needed that I
don't know what's the worst thing on the
Box sign because I'm sure I had it all
right yours was ha ha ha it was when you
had rotten eggs Oh a booger oh and a
centipede
Oh Oh
toothpaste bubble gum and cinnamon no I
had toothpaste green apple yeah
cherry oh please I win ha ha hi guys
there go that was our Harry Potter bean
challenge question of the day what's the
grossest flavor jelly bean you can think
of I'm gonna go with the Kardashians
yeah I know oh all right you guys hope
you have fun hanging with us we're
running with you and by the way if you
haven't yet downloaded it my new podcast
with special guest Lucas Cruikshank is
up right now we talked about one
direction we talked about Lady Gaga
Perez Hilton we talked about everything
to me labatto's nude pics so if you want
to hear all that I'll put the link down
there and that's it and also your nude
pics Oh
it's you guys see you later night turn
there's a big old world up that's right
starting the day off with a stupid
useless sex joke
she's not amused
