damn there's a big old one up that's
right starting the day off with a stupid
useless sex joke she's not amused
hey guys so I'm excited because today
I'm on my way to go record a podcast
with special guest Lucas Cruikshank most
of you might know him from the Fred
movies and some of you might know him as
being super gay that's right he
officially came out of the closet and it
was all over the news for some reason I
knew he was gay the second I had sex
with him I mean what I met subscribed to
him subscribe haha that's it
so yes I'm very excited to interview him
I just want to give you guys a little
behind-the-scenes of how I do this so
nothing on the podcast is scripted like
I don't sit here and like write jokes or
anything but I do write down little
things I want to talk about so this is
my podcast notebook it was the whole
video here we win this is my podcast
holla video so this is my new book I
have a sticker on it of my favorite
podcast check her out she's awesome and
then on the inside I have all my notes
so um today I'm gonna be talking about
Lady Gaga's new song Katy Perry's new
song all the press Hilton drama One
Direction kids killing themselves Demi
Lovato's nude pictures and Farrah
Abraham time so that's all I wrote down
I didn't write down any like jokes or
anything I just kind of oh this is what
I'm going to talk about and then I wrote
down all my questions to Lucas I don't
wanna give anything away but I'm gonna
give you a hint and then under that is
this section called Lucas Cruikshank and
I have all the questions I'm going to
ask him and also I got a bunch of
questions from you guys on Twitter one
of which was from a guy named Macy
and he says what's your favorite boner
you've ever tasted can't wait for that
answer
alright you guys let's go see Lucas I'm
gonna bring him a gift Waner
okay guys it's happening it's happening
right now here he is Lauren look at that
man are you out and I'm probably and
look a little it looks like I'm not
right here beautiful eggs Oh girls
spread um uh did you ever think you
would be in my coq10 I knew it would
happen one day finally made it
Oh what did you like we
such a long history we do like I've
known you forever I've known you yeah
since I saw the video where you did the
fried food I've known I did a video call
fred is dead
fred is dead I didn't really call fred
is dead and it was a lovingly making fun
of him video and it was my biggest video
what did you really think when you saw
it never met little brother showed it to
me and I was like laughing I saw my
little brother laughing and like you
know you're laughing like somebody's
making fun of me it's funny and I was
like it's funny I accepted it really you
never were mad at me never hated no
never I always thought you were funny
I've been like I've been subscribed
subscribe to you since that day and you
know I made a video this this is old
school YouTube so a lot of you guys
weren't born yet but sadly that's true
but I made a video called unsubscribing
fred and there was a big thing where
everybody I remember like everyone on
YouTube is like planning this huge thing
they're all gonna unsubscribe to me on
this day and so then I made a video
being like if you unsubscribe from Fred
you're fucking sheep you're followers
you're bitch fucking asshole I was
sticking up for you it's a guy I think I
lost like 10,000 that's like nothing
like no you have like a billion learn
how many subscribers have you lost
you're like a big deal
it's so embarrassing when you tweet
something and like you got it
automatically after you tweet it you get
him followed by like 20 people like
maybe I should leave that tree no you
never delete that so we just did the
podcast we talked about our lives or
personal lives we talked about all this
craziness with him being gay we talked
about the craziness with me being gay
and on Moore being gay and everybody
being gay and the podcast is up right
now so if you want to listen to it you
should but also we were just talking
about vine I am intimidated by mine it's
a thing it's too much pressure it's a
lot of pressure because everybody and
everybody makes funny vines and people
who you wouldn't expect to be funny or
funny on vine and it makes me nervous
cuz I'm not that funny on bond like I
always get the time you know like you
can always hear me saying like go like I
always get it wrong well let's try today
we're gonna try to make the periphery
gonna make a perfect vine so what's your
fine my mind is just Lucas Creek Shane -
Shane Dawson so Lauren do you have a
vine okay well then fuck you so go to
our vines and see it cuz it's gonna be
awesome all right Lauren you just sit
there and and show those legs okay so we
just finished the podcast and now I'm
going to record my Lady Gaga's spoof
which I'm very excited about somebody
left their hoop earrings here so I'm
just letting you know I'm gonna
introduce you to the people who are
helping me there completely dark and you
can't even see them so perfect there we
go okay so I'm a kind of three have to
say who you are how you know me and who
your favorite insuk members go uh I'm
Jesse I work at the studio that changes
the podcast at probably Nick Carter
okay that's Factory actually oh shit
just I offended me sorry
I mean JT whatever I'm team Joey Fatone
okay your turn Christine same thing the
studio and I don't know you're such a
what you are such a liar remembers names
I don't know oh I was gonna say because
I mean you to be like you know their
songs no I don't know their song please
please please that's us sing bye-bye
bye-bye go yeah there we go there we go
anyway so we're about the perk or the
song very excited here help me record
the Selena Gomez film you made me sound
like a woman I tried and succeeded fuck
is that supposed to be I'm leaving take
your hoop earrings and go guys I'm
recording my Lady Gaga's spoof right now
Taylor Swift has touched this microphone
it's why there's cum all over it I go
wrong go wrong go wrong you guys used to
love me when I acted crazy remember when
had a seizure covered in menstrual blood
wasn't that fun so fun so fun okay we
just finished recording it's not done
yet
it needs a lot of auto-tune a little bit
so we're just gonna give you guys a
taste so no wrong go wrong go wrong you
guys you still love me when I acted
crazy
wasn't that fun so fun so far I've done
and done
so get ready guys that music video is
coming out I don't know when what do you
think of this experience hilarious it's
new and interesting and I love it
is this better than working with a real
Lady gaga yes think you've never work
with Lady Gaga but you've worked with me
that's the nice thing hey guys I'm in
the car right now leaving the studio it
was a lot of fun today you probably saw
on Twitter the other day that I tweeted
that my health is not doing too good
so I just want to explain what's going
on here so I'm not dying just so you
know Joey didn't give me AIDS that was a
rumor that was going around it's not
true we use protection
but I do have a very weird virus so
basically what happened was I got a
virus in my throat and then it moved to
my ear and I have really really bad ears
anyways so it moved to my ear and
attacked it so I can't hear out of this
ear at all and now it's it's I'm on a
lot of medication trying to make my ear
better which is affecting my brain so I
know I sound like I'm like funny and I'm
still Shane but it's really really hard
for me like it's hard to think and it's
really hard for me to come up with ideas
because my brain is just not working so
tomorrow morning I'm actually going to
the hospital to get a little bit of
surgery not a big deal they just need to
fix my ear and and you know I'm probably
going to be out for a couple days after
that but but yeah anything I mean I just
need to get better and I need to start
just making videos again I mean I'm
making daily vlogs but I need start
making main channel videos again because
that's what I love to do so the Lady
Gaga video is going to go up probably
next week or something and I'm sorry
that I missed a main Channel video and I
might miss another one this week I don't
know in all honesty it's just hard every
time I sit down to write one my brain
just doesn't work and I literally cannot
focus but thank you so much for
everybody on Twitter that has said you
know that they're praying for me and
they're wishing me good well and all
that stuff and it really has made me
feel better because I'm gonna be honest
it's been very very depressing I haven't
left the house in like a month today was
my first day out so yeah I love you guys
so much your support means everything to
me you're like my family and I fucking
love you and um okay I found hang with
me I find hang with you question of the
day what is your favorite Lady Gaga song
my favorite is probably still pokerface
alright you guys we'll see you later
we can be pickled Danny out your banana
oh baby you're okay mmm crunching
