hey what's up you guys so today we're
going to talk about something pretty
disturbing even more disturbing than the
fact that I'm not wearing pants right
now
last week on Twitter I went to look at
the trending topics you know just to see
what movies are coming out but songs are
popular if Amanda Bynes is dead yet and
I saw rest in peace Larry shippers so of
course I instantly thought it was some
kind of a child star so I looked it up I
was like was it the little brother from
listen wire now is it a former American
Idol contestant is it Justin Bieber's
manager because let's be honest if he
died maybe Justin Bieber's career would
have a chance how does this manage
you're not stepping in and saying hey
Justin ping in buckets is a bad idea
sorry I'm off topic okay Larry shippers
so I looked it up and guess what guys it
is not a person it is a group of people
I'm going to read you the definition
right now that I found Larry shippers is
it termed referring to fans of the boy
band One Direction who wish for and hope
for a same-sex relationship between
Harry Styles and Luis Tong I don't know
how to say that there's a lot of letters
in that name it says like a mathematical
equation Harry
+ Lewis equals Larry so I do carry the
Zayn and then divide by Niall I was
never good at math so then of course I
was like Western peace Larry shippers
what does that mean does that mean Larry
is not being shipped any more and then I
came to the very very disturbing
realization that Larry shippers had
killed themselves and then I kept
reading and I found this last week on
BBC a documentary called crazy about one
direction aired and it was about
obsessed fans the documentary cause
multiple Larry shippers to commit
suicide I have to say though right under
this it says that there's no actual
evidence that anybody died and that it's
all rumors on Twitter first of all I
fucking hope this is a rumor because
that is just the saddest thing I've ever
heard second of all okay we need to back
this up first I want to analyze this
shipping thing now I made a video about
this before but I'm gonna say it again
shipping is a joke right like that's
right
and I thought shipping was a joke when
you guys are like hashtag showing it's
joke right
you know me and Joey are actually going
to fuck I have a girlfriend and Joey has
eyes so it's not gonna happen and then
the other day I go on Twitter and I put
hashtag she's Ain because I thought you
know me and saying that's a funny ship
name and all you guys were like oh it's
not possible anymore Shane he's engaged
as if it was everything first of all I'm
not gay
second all if I was I'd go get hairy
third of all when am I ever ever in this
galaxy going to be in a room with Zayn
and tell him hey let's have sex
I'll tell you what never and you know
when all of you guys are going to be in
a room with one direction and they're
gonna take their pants off and have sex
with you probably never because a they
would go to jail because most of you
probably under 18 be they have like 100
million security guards around them at
all times and see they probably all have
girlfriends maybe some of them are lying
and being like no it's not really saying
go their line they all have girlfriends
are you kidding me with that much money
now but posting it anyways sorry I had
to break that down guys shipping is fun
but let's remember it's fun because it's
a joke me and Joey me and Tyler me and
my mom whatever shifts you guys have in
your head just remember it's funny I'm
not fucking my mom again okay now moving
on back to the documentary about one
directing fans so I watched a clip of
the documentary and listen I'm going to
be honest this whole new generation of
kids who are obsessed with things is
very strange to me and very different
than when I grew up I mainly it's
because of the internet when I was 12 or
13 I liked things but I only liked them
with my friends and I didn't really have
friends so I liked him with like my one
friend come on but I didn't have the
internet so I didn't know that like
everybody else in the world like that
same thing so nowadays if you like one
direction you want Twitter and all these
kids have like one direction is their
profile picture in one direction in
their name and all their hashtags are
chip chip weary ship different so this
idea of like a community of people that
are obsessed with something has only
been happening in the last like five
years and that's scary to me because I
think it makes kids not realize that the
real world is very different from
Internet world and in that documentary a
lot of those kids really did think that
they were going to marry one of the One
Direction guys guys that
here to be a girl I'm your reality slap
slap I love you so much you guys
as people I'm probably not going to meet
all of you guys in my lifetime maybe
some of you but not all of you because
that would be impossible and One
Direction loves you I'm sure that they
are very grateful for your support and
they're not going to be able to meet all
of you guys either but they are not ever
going to marry you I am NOT going to
marry you because I have a girlfriend
and also you're very young but then also
you have to put yourself in their shoes
so think about okay if you weren't a fan
and if you were actually in a band and
there was a girl that was like would you
marry that Oh me not cuz think about it
if you were at school one day girls and
a guy ran up to you and he's like I
wanna have your babies I would have your
kids to us you know what you do you
probably pepper spray that motherfucker
and run away and that's just a reality
of it and that's totally fine as long as
you remember that that's reality so when
I found out that some of these kids
supposedly kill themselves it terrifies
me because that makes me think oh my god
like kids nowadays have no idea what
reality is and maybe YouTube and Twitter
and all these things are contributing to
that and that's sad so I want to start a
mini movement right now I already ate a
big movement five minutes ago poop joke
and my baby movement is to remember that
we need to stay sane and I want all of
you guys out there all you Larry
shippers and Shoei shippers and one
Directioners and rebecca black kids and
whatever else you guys are I want you to
remember that this is all fun and you
can be a fan of something but please do
not kill yourself or please do not go
insane because if your life is all about
obsessing with something then what's
going to happen when that thing goes
away because let's be honest guys at
some point one Direction's not going to
be together anymore look at in sync look
at Backstreet Boys actually they're
still together
that's sad but the realization is they
might not be together at some point and
what are you gonna do so you have to
live for yourself so that's my message
of the day I love you guys so much
hopefully you learned something today
and had fun hanging with me I hang with
you and question of the day what are
your thoughts about this whole Larry
shippers thing are you a fan girl are
you a shipper and or do you disagree
with me do you think that
normal Shan Shan area because that's
normal and just know guys that there's a
lot more to life than the computer so go
outside I'm gonna try I haven't been
outside I'm like five weeks all right
you guys I love you bye
how do I throw his head in the stove
where's that option can I drown myself
in the sink wash hands with evil soap
yes yes yes
