hey what's up you guys it is Friday you
know what that means I'm gonna be on
omegle all night long and my interest is
balls yes and it also means it's time to
play a game hey what's better than
living your own life how about creating
a fake person in living theirs that's
right guys today I'm gonna be playing
The Sims 3
I've never played The Sims 1 or 2 but
I'm guessing they're all creepy so let's
do this alright what should we do first
can I blow up the world create sin
ok sounds right entering a create a
household wait a minute am I gonna be
building a house I got time for that Oh
perfect I'm a lesbian in a miniskirt
they know me so well
first name bitch tits last name on yo
face gender obviously it's a male hey
bitch tits
let's make him really old oh god how
depressing still has my haircut oh
that's what I'm gonna be like when I'm
old this game just got real skin tone
ooh oh god I can make him blue like
avatars perfect alright let's make him
huge that's as big as it gets
Oh since you're so sweet and muscular
nothing happened
what do you trying to say saying said he
can't be fat and muscular cuz you're
right ok time for that hair ok should he
have the shame should he have the Joey
should he have the Anthony from Smosh
should he have the mean like 5 years
let's go with a mohawk something subtle
red looking good bitch tips huh she's
beautiful
alright now let's get with the looks I
don't really know what features to give
him because he's not a black person I
mean he's black but no black people are
at that black he's more alien or demon
oh he's like the guy from insidious ok
perfect
we'll go with that there we go that's
creepy yeah make his eyes are red you
know what
let's give him a beauty mark alright
demon can't see it freckles nope see
those either let's slap some makeup on
this devil I want something subtle like
a smokey eye
maybe bright
nope that doesn't job no that doesn't
show up well this isn't working okay you
know what let's change the skin color
I'm sure everybody's gonna think I'm
racist in your ways for picking blood
when in all honesty I'm the opposite of
races for picking black in my fake world
the first person I created was a black
person
all right let's switch it up blue yellow
whoo that's me after like five minutes
in the Sun there we go that's better
oh there's those beauty marks let's make
them emo yeah so miserable why are you
smiling
daddy likes you with lipstick mmm give
the phone huh oh my god they're face
tattoos this is a tough decision they
all look like Lady Gaga's rejected album
covers unicorn shit all right what about
clothes whoa oh yes this what is that is
that a six-pack did you draw that on
he's shaped like a pickle how do we go
bottomless sir cheat code for that oh oh
yeah those are the ones accessories okay
he definitely needs some Justin Bieber
earrings women is that a bruise did he
get choked to bitch tits is into some
weird shit
I definitely think bitch tits is illegal
oh there's music this changes everything
bitch tits bitch kid's gonna make a
bitch tits some people play this game a
lot and that's really depressing all
right how do we go to town I don't get
the fuck out here oh we've had a trait
okay
I'm gonna make him really fucking angry
and also really fucking evil but I want
him to have a good sense of humor so
that when he kills people he makes jokes
about it he's also a total fucking loser
and a kleptomaniac wow this is like
match.com for really fucked up people
it's like match.com all right here we go
oh god that's like a Twilight poster
from hell
Jacob 30 years later choose a place to
live feel like he's homeless so let's go
with shotgun style perfect purchase do I
relate to buy this 16 dollars I was
sixteen thousand dollars he's gonna have
to kill a lot of people and steal their
money to make this work
all right bitch tits is home boy tell
him where to go okay I got it yes go
there this is a very confusing all right
let's go inside whoo there's a little
boy perfect okay how do I kill him ask
to hang out no chat only online a
stoolie
you know invited inside it's on a crappy
and I don't you fucking leave are you
kidding me I will murder you come back
ah he was dead the whole time where's
all the cars why is this so dead here
have brunch waffles what's he mad about
waffles are awesome get the fuck in the
house need the waffles I made you bitch
tits is not listening to me and I will
ruin her life cell phone does it follow
my god throw a party yes party how do I
say right now we're going to invite that
little boy Javeed stranger child not for
much longer
dress code swimwear I can get arrested
for this right
who there's a no bitch tits on your face
decided to be the social butterfly and
just plain the party he won't soon
forget the fun that's sure to come now
bitch this is gonna come real hi he
doesn't know how to open a door bitch
tits I have to do everything for you
alright let's start preparing a meal
really is this is this the game this is
honestly the most boring thing I've ever
done this is more boring than my real
life how do I throw his head in the
stove where's that option can I drown
myself in the sink wash hands with evil
soul yes yes yes wash your hands mm-hmm
here we go why aren't his hands on fire
Oh what the fuck was that it just made
him depressed alright let's go somewhere
else on board do I really have to wait
for him to walk all that way what's he
waiting for
Oh a taxi he's smart and lazy as fuck oh
my god I think we just hit a child
alright bitch tits let's break it into
this house I found a friend greet rudely
asked to go inside
yes wait no come back oh fuck it let's
just steal his car bitch shit you're so
boring this sucks how do I kill
everybody and ruin the world so wait a
minute I think I'm going inside I really
hope this Chris Hansen from Dateline NBC
ain't worried yes oh shit
yes romantic
that's just flirt Oh homophobe Azera I
can change you option let's give a
pick-up line maybe he just needs bitch
this isn't giving up then we come back
on the comeback let's compliment your
appearance he is turning me down okay
time to murder this motherfucker
evil declare Gus a nemesis but since
salt that's right bitch just just walk
away play hard to get out see he's
already walking toward him baby I'm
sorry for what I said to you I changed
my mind
let's get in that house and have a big
green triangles bang together oh he's
trying to tell me as a girlfriend how do
I tell him I don't give a shit and I
will murder her see he's like come back
see we play hard to get bitch shit to
knows he's planning on setting the house
on fire or taking a dump are we gonna
watch that it'll be the most interesting
thing that's happened today people wear
it out I can tell it's big though
you know watch his hands bitch tits
dirty freak he's went to sleep you know
what I've talked a lot of shit about
bitch hits today he's kind of a gangster
he goes into motherfuckas houses take
shits and sleeps on my couch well guys
I'm over this bitch tips you know what I
learned today my life is really boring
but not as boring as bitch tits life and
that is the most boring game I've ever
played so please don't make me play that
again all right you guys I'm gonna go
hope you have fun playing with me I've
fun playing with you why did I say that
that is gross whatever you know what I
mean and I will see you guys tomorrow
leave me some comments letting me know
we want me to play next and also leave
me some comments if you know like cheat
codes cuz I really want to murder bitch
tits alright you guys I love you bye I
am in Joey's waxing salon
welcome to Joey's waxing : I wasn't
convinced welcome to Joey's waxing salon
are you ready oh yeah
