ready the hotel but the shining was
based on ears Jamie you've been waiting
your whole life are you ready I'm so
ready oh my god is that it
oh my god oh my god wait what is that
little room next to it oh my god it's so
cold in here
okay my whole heart feels like it's done
okay can I just say something yeah and
you're gonna think I'm being dramatic
but you know cameras my camera has been
fine focusing this whole day the second
we gone to this hotel
it stops fucking focusing every second
literally just stopped again and she
said another one of the ghosts his name
is Eddie he messes electronics a lot and
he had a good time as great so
technically they say that when ghosts
are around electronic start to fail or
mess up why are you opening the window
oh my god we turn the light off let me
turn on the night vision you just go
right for a change
do you think there's Orbison you well
wait I'm actually wait wait I need to go
with you I'm scared
Oh what she to me she checked over back
we're fine people have died in here
look it's not focusing it literally
won't focus that is so nice okay
honestly we got a brand new camera for
this and it's been doing amazing what is
it
no you're getting scary I mean this
hotel room by itself is scary it's not
focusing anything wait wait did you say
that your camera is not focusing
focusing on the iPhone camera doesn't
focus that camera focus okay so a
skeptic what do you say about Donald
well maybe you're I'm sorry I'm trying
the flashlight
oh my god I'm sorry I don't know I don't
know it was really loud though I don't
know it was probably outside I don't
know well oh my god it's good to fuck
out of me just a closet have you been
taking pictures
I've been taking videos so you can watch
them why would you do that mom is broken
just take any pictures
if you okay we let's turn her the lights
off and she's gonna take some pictures
with flash super gonna see anything
that wasn't you okay let's review them
yeah
oh my god we oh my god oh my god what is
that
I'm gonna pass oh wait
we'll turn the flash - that wasn't you
wait what do you guys like so if you
watch in the very beginning in the
bottom corner did you see that the lock
motor at the very beginning right it was
a purple one - that is dire that's
fucking weird that I'm a king of Pez oh
wait guys come here anyone's wondering
what the temperature 800 that's weird
I'm not gonna lie that's weird mom get
in here
how would that doesn't happen to people
well then I'm it's not focusing on that
I gotta focus on it this room does not
like this camera I hate you guys
but the blank ones like it didn't just
like knock because the blank ones are
black
well this is the room that has the maid
in it who like cleans up and pulled your
clothes
yeah let's just like make a mess alright
miss Wilson cleans it up hey are these
the keys for the other room yeah let's
go up 4:18 this feels hot okay I know
you're gonna think I'm being dramatic
but does your heart feel like it's
racing a little bit wait are we on the
fourth floor right now
oh yeah this is the floor especially
here kids laughing
firstly the stains on the ground that
you can't see in the light but you can
see it with the new vision stuff oh my
god see when you see on top of us why
would they do that yeah okay oh my god
did you get shocked yes so intensely oh
I hate this wrong wait look up 4:18 the
presence of children have been reported
laughing and playing just outside the
doors of the room even Stephen King
himself had a brush with the spirit of a
little boy in the room he reported
hearing what seemed like a boy calling
out for his nanny okay so I'm gonna
record some audio
is there somebody in this room
should we listen to
is there somebody in this room you
didn't hear that I go back a little bit
look a little laugh there is like ya
little children's laugh that is weird I
just heard a kid laughing buddy in this
room is there somebody in this room is
there somebody in this room
come on the into that again then and see
I heard it the first time yeah but even
if it's not on here he could have still
been responding to this that's true all
right here's the grand stairway
well yeah I take some pictures in here
for sure
definitely does not feel great okay
here's the concert hall we should go to
flashlights that's right she
communicates with plaster maybe tried to
decorate for Christmas but it is scary
and then there's Lucy the homeless girl
she's on that communicates with
flashlights
wait it's going more out of focus and
it's ever been
why are all these chairs so scary
okay so I think we should go back to our
room and see if mrs. Wilson folded our
stuff and then after that let's see
doing those food you're in my life I'm
not hungry
all right let's see if anything's been
messed with it everybody okay underwear
still on the bed restaurants okay Oh
deep room service
what should we do we what is it we were
literally just talking about room
service what is this this would be the
cheese plate while you do something
followed by the champagne house
complimentary so you guys don't have to
pay for any of this why he was being
nice to us thank you wait I really
didn't pay for this wait that's weird
right I was literally just talking to
room service and then they showed us a
furnished room service in here because
that he died six years ago
what if they're just trying to poison us
fucking pop some champagne that's our
last night on earth
I'm supposed to be at work on birthday
call him dead
alright guys sorry I'm filming on my
phone because this was unexpected we
went to a restaurant down the street
it's called uncle Pat's and we're
talking to Pat the guy who owns a place
about how we were ghosts hunting and
he's like oh that's kind of funny
because there's actually a ghost in our
back room kinda thought he was
bullshitting I'm like oh maybe he's
kidding
no he said that the previous owner in
1970-something hung himself in that back
room and then he's like you can go back
there if you want so we come back here
he lets us come back and then Morgan
pulls out her snapchat that's where he
hung himself Shane Shane Shane come on
desperation she literally is right there
it is so cool
it literally feels like I'm having
trouble breathing are you serious
underneath there which makes sense
because he was hey that's what the other
girl said okay sorry another side note
we're coming back from dinner we're in
the hotel and I'm like uh let me just
take a couple pictures around the place
so in this picture of Ryland nothing on
the carpet right nothing near him and
then in this one you can see in the
corner I'll zoom into it I mean that
looks like an orb I mean yeah it's
clearly not photos and it's here and
it's like not on the ground here either
which is where I was standing
alright it's gonna be a weird night okay
so we're back in our room after dinner
and we're gonna set up all of the
nighttime Ghost activity oh my god if
something moves in front of this laser
in the middle of the night I'm gonna
have a fucking break down if something
passes that the light turns on it shit
yeah okay well here's what I think we
should do
technically ghost time is around 3:00
a.m. so maybe what we should do is set
an alarm and it will wake up and see
what's going on at ghost time all right
just a guy a boyfriend and his sister
all right see you guys at 3:00
okay so it's 2:00 in the morning
hey it's a nightmare and my heart is
beating so hard that I thought I was
gonna fucking die this room is so loud
that it literally feels like being in a
nightmare like the wind is moving in the
whole room shit I thought it's literally
a thousand degrees in here like we're on
fire
oh my oh oh fuck here was me
let's get on foot it's definitely
fucking with so much okay so like an
hour until it's three
hopefully we're not dead
good how have you been sleeping in here
I honestly feel fine
please are you serious there's someone
walking back and forth for Mike I mean
yes it's loud but I don't feel like it's
an evil spirit okay we thought it would
be a good time check out the musical
oh my god Oh case is fucking scared oh
my god
see if there's any orbs aren't you
you're about to kill your mom why is
your closet light on wait did you really
not leave it on sir have you heard
anything nothing
no it's been incredibly peaceful and
nice it's comfy in here
all right it's the next morning that is
that was by far the worst sleep I've
ever had in my entire life it was so
loud all night my heart was racing all
night it sounded like somebody was
running around the room for eight hours
I would get really hot and really cold
really hot again and it was just awful
their beds comfy I'm not sure so here's
the thing we didn't see any ghosts but
we did have a lot of really crazy
experiences and things that I can't
explain I mean first of all when we got
to the room all of our cameras were out
of focus it's not focusing on that I got
it focus on and this camera has never
had a problem with that this room does
not like this camera also all of
Morgan's pictures had weird objects
behind her and the 666 temperature how
do you explain that that was coincidence
or weird numbers then of course the
polaroid not developing then there was
an orbit of snapchat with Ryland then
there was orbs all over island when we
would take pictures of your hotel then
of course it sounds of little kids
laughing when we
her room other than of course just for a
little extra fun we saw a snapchat
filter over a face where somebody hung
themselves so I'd say that we didn't
have like a crazy visual encounter we
didn't see somebody run around the room
we were dragged by but I do genuinely
feel like the best hotels haunted I feel
like this room especially is haunted and
I never ever want to come back the vibes
are genuinely creepy
well maybe the ghosts will follow Morgan
home and hang out with Angie in her room
all right let's get the hell out of here
so we're back you're Alan's house and we
leave to go to LA in the morning and I'm
kind of sad about it even though the
Stanley Hotel thing was supposed to be
scary and you know like a haunted
experience it actually ended up being
more of a bonding experience I had loved
his family and I hung out with them a
lot of times before this this time felt
so much different so we might not have
seen ghosts might not have got possessed
by we got a lot closer
that's really fuckin cool and to Rylands
family if you're watching us thank you
for accepting me and letting me into
your home and letting me be a part of
your family oh and also Ryan's sister
Morgan has a channel and you should
check it out she definitely is one of my
favorite people and I'm just really
excited that we've got us applause all
right you guys good luck sleeping
tonight hopefully that ghosts are what I
think it goes followed me home
