guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Jeffrey fucking star hi I'm Chuck
from quaking I can't do that I can't do
only one I can't do it
really you what God did you want to hear
the podcast where we talked about life
drama drugs balls sex cock check it out
how did you guys today we're gonna be
doing more life hacks and these ones are
going to get fucking weird and I know
you're thinking Shane how could it get
even weirder than it's already gotten
Andres a bitch I have a hot glue gun so
not only is it going to get weird it's
going to leave a scar now the original
idea was to superglue a fitted spinner
to my forehead mainly because having sex
with me will give you a lot of anxiety
so you need something spin but instead
of doing that I decided to take it one
step further and superglue it to my
actual phone so here I have a fizzy
spinner that has a little baseball in
the middle because nothing gives me more
anxiety than sports
I'll grab my champagne colored iPhone
and my broken a screen because sometimes
when I get anxiety and I don't have my
fidget spinner I feel my fucking phone
at the wall feels good don't better when
I throw it from his head there's nobody
around I do what I do okay so this is
been heating up I don't know how to use
those but I guess you just like please
it you should try it on something first
alright I'm gonna try it on this shot
glass just to see if it comes out Oh
whew that means it's working right ooh
that smells good that smells like a
burning body
you're probably wondering how I know
that or you're not all right so let's
take our phone and page it figure out
Morgan instead I think right here would
be good oh my god hair hi free weeks ago
called they want their trends back okay
so oh I guess I'll just put some glue on
my phone why am I so dumb I don't think
my mom drank when she was pregnant but
she definitely might have fallen down
some stairs oh fuck okay there's glue
everywhere Oh too hot
take her to fidget oh my god and then I
guess we just press for a while Orlin oh
oh wait
Oh bitch she got drink this is actually
perfect because whenever I get a phone
call from anybody I get anxiety because
why are you calling me just Ted let me
just answer it say jet can buy answer it
I mean decline it and then fidget okay
but I think is suck huh
you are wait hold on hello oh of course
mom we didn't have a family get-together
in my house now all planet no that's
gonna be great
cool Oh everybody coming all the nephews
okay yes all the family members would
still think of me as a big fat 12 year
old okay alright see you next Sunday if
I'm still alive ah this is everything I
love this ah yeah I get it you know I
didn't get finished finished before but
bitch I didn't it only took me ruining
my sound ooh what else should be
superglue since I had a key to that what
would happen if it's difficult I feel
like what would happen would P come up
my mouth would it come on bud guys if
you want to sing a super glue on my
whole big give me a thumbs up okay so
this next second very excited about
because you've all seen that one where
you like put a fork in an Oreo and you
use it to dip in your milk yeah bitch
I'm about to ruin her okay so here we
have our box of Oreos and we also have a
shish kabob I think that's what it's
called I don't know but the plan is we
are going to take three Oreos and put
that all in our mouth now we're going to
do that later with all ah we are going
to take them and put them one by one
oh my god oh I am going to come and my
dick hole is closed so it's going to
come out my eye oh my god oh let's do
one more
oh fuck oh sorry did that turn you on
nope you're fidgeting okay okay so we
have our glasses now and our beautiful
stick up or your hoop fuck that looks
like everything okay here we go
oh oh my god oh we're drilling okay oh
my
sorry I'm just so excited this is giving
me anxiety
okay so we are going to try and put this
all in our mouths of the same size here
we go first let me just take off that
cat hair
alright here we go oh my god oh yeah
this is the one I 100 smoothly we look
at that College goodness I go oh it's
okay it's a spell on my naked legs did I
just take snort that was like next-level
bit fucking babies so this last one in
my head that was so sexy but when I
walked it back I'm probably not going to
put in a video game I know second but
that was everything you guys have to do
this at home or don't or just I don't
know be a healthy normal person and
don't eat your feelings or D like me get
a whole box of Oreos and fidget Oh No
well these diet food alright because
it's next time involved McDonald's
french fries they might be happy let's
just hold them up alright and it also
involves my car so this is the fun air
freshener tax basically you put fries
into your air conditioning vent and you
get fried air now that sounds good to
you you're my people if that sounds sad
to you you're my heretic all right let's
go to it okay we're in my car
let me give you a quick tour so down
here I have a bunch of trash over here I
had more trash
oh don't worry this trash over there too
in case you thought that was it nope
don't know whose water that is I don't
drink that but I don't know whose water
that is but that candy bars mine also
I've literally only keep bottles in my
car because I pee in them life at but
you can shit in them you need a Gatorade
bottle for that wide mouth okay so
here's my air conditioning vent ignore
that that's also traffic oh and did I
tell you I have actual bags of trash but
I also have a suit don't really
understand that also what I have a lamp
when you find out I'm homeless when you
find out I live here okay so I think I'm
going to use this event oh my god hold
on oh holy crap I forgot that I was
getting a haircut my friend doesn't here
say hi
hey what's on your shirt astronauts just
me falling from all my hopes and dreams
okay so I'm about to do a live pack but
since you're here let's get your
reaction because I feel like you enjoyed
it
hop in the car ignore the trash so I
know have you ever seen somebody to have
more trash in their life finding a hard
one to answer right okay so here's the
hawk the hack is have you ever been in
your car just like driving around
thinking about crashing to a wall at all
but you're like you know what make my
life better
now let McDonald's fries yeah I feel
like I've been there Park
we've all been there okay here's the
plan we're going to take some fries and
shove them in our air vent oh and they
can stay there forever like I don't
think they go bad yeah I think so
so let's do it here in our communal area
so I think let's get like the long lens
I'm thinking like you're yeah wait is
this bad what it's like what if it goes
in forever and it there forever sense
isn't your life I was afraid of sex for
the first time
oh this is cute I love our little date
night the best time oh this is great oh
come on oops I lost my okay oh I love
that long one
that's really like coming through way it
turn it up
I love that it's like a game to what
your mouth all right can we smile lately
feel it really get in there
so you're coming through oh my god
yeah yeah this is what it would be like
I was willing longer everything was
smelling I mean like you're driving and
then you're like no way
yes get it commit really works out this
has been great
we're gonna cut my hair and then
footages our dance
those fries are really old I like weed
because I was going to film this a week
now and I was like I'll be good who
enjoy your diary oh this is a fun life
never have to do it your friend
basically we are going to create an epic
bubble machine we're going to take a
diet coke bottle because I'm on a diet
oh yeah guy starts now and we are just
going to cut the bottom off then you're
going to cover the bottom with this song
now I'm using a really gross dirty stuff
yes that's a lot of hair so now that you
have that covered you're going to fill
up a little tablet bubble
I got a miracle bubble here we go all
over my layers uh so now that we have uh
we're going to get this a really let it
soak now supposedly if you blow it's
going to come out like crazy oh my god
sorry I was not expecting that
hold on wow it's making foam oh my god
this is ready like that this is all I'm
going to do wow I look like that big
elephant thing in that movie wasn't
Winnie the Pooh I don't remember a
cripple upper pissed
oh I love it oh my god I could fill my
house with it that would be the first
time I ever felt Queen let me grab
something getting a trashcan so I could
really go in yeah okay here we go okay
it's burning not be done like it's not
really doing that much yeah I think it's
done but it was fonder five seconds what
people say when they have sex with me I
know they do the business so the
six-pack involves a place that I rarely
go a place that I avoid at all cost a
place right to make out with the wall to
pretend like it was Steve from Zeus's
that's right we're going to the shower
so basically this pact is if you run
here this nerd you can use why
why okay welcome to my shower should you
a shower door suffers we have a really
old growth toothbrush and I've never
cleaned and a bunch of weird gross shit
on the glass
oh my head and shoulders because I
Sandra a dog toothbrush tonight donkeys
and a fucking trash can because it's me
and just like 500 roll of the toilet
here I think nothing proof that's
tonight okay so I have my seven of a and
I actually posted this my friend he was
cutting my hair earlier said that this
actually will made my hair smell like an
omelet but also conditioning okay so the
real question is how do I do it like do
I break it open and then pour it on or
registrate up felt like a little bit oh
my god want me to IHOP like you got to
get me some girls oh wow
you know what I'm going to try to make
them in our key moment let me get to
Harvey music life it can be so confusing
sorry I like it a good effort and the
wrong people
egg-cellent the trouble so much you see
a reflection in the mirror of life than
you say and then sometimes two people
come together anything they will
tomorrow
totally but it's been scrubber but one
of them on a beach I didn't mean for
having a deep but now my husband all
right let's do one final one elimination
is keeps full coverage that was my
future shut again no this is an analogy
for my life just came to grab it is
okay here we go hey Dad a fire that's
too much
okay I'm gonna mop the floor yeah okay
follow the noise even they asked them
are girls like this I'm out here some of
you nine years old
alright let's wash this out and see how
beautiful my hair's ah sorry I tend to
get scared cleaning myself it's just a
thorn to me here we are top row alright
alright now that brings out all the eggs
my hair feel the same now if you don't
wanna honestly this actually feels a
little bit under ill kind of smooth and
hair that smells like a champ waiting to
get into 99-cent store all of your laws
are good book shout out to the 50 women
Cyrus this is enough but also I ran on
as the website will pull you do this
that you can't have a water too hot
because the eggs will scramble this
sound has to be all right you ain't left
time to make
so I'm going to put my hottest setting
okay all right imagine things like
business without Patrick then you look
like the waiters like your honor will be
right out okay
here we go would hot isn't traveling I
think oh my god
intriguing on the floor when Rachael Ray
has an actual wrinkle participant oh my
god I look so much better like this I'm
going to shoot my videos like this all
the time now
thanks who is she you don't know we
can't bear it we can still tell she's a
virgin
I'm going to keep it real I'm hating
right now that might have been might be
all right so speaking of cleaning myself
this last hack it's very exciting so you
guys know last time I put a bunch of
glow sticks to my jacuzzi and it was
like kind of cool but also like a bitch
to clean up also my pool man was like
throw a party and I was letting you can
say that so I thought it might be a good
idea if we turn my back into a rave
so I once again have a bunch of glow
sticks and I was also think of adding a
bunch of bubble let's bathe okay so here
and have all the glow sticks so now I
just have to get them out quick and I'm
not parting with my quad wow oh my god I
look like a gay demon six six day
okay so now I'm going to turn on the
bath also me little-known facts I
usually turn on the bath
when I'm pooping so that he doesn't hear
it does it work
thank God also I have an entire bottle
of bubble formula so let's see if it
works
oh my god I can't wait Chito you kind of
blended with the floor especially that
area over there where there's pee stains
no no honey no no no no we don't watch
ourselves in this house
no we lay in our own shit okay so this
has been on for literally 30 minutes and
not any more clothes terrific really
oh my god
boom so we're just gonna have like hot
tub okay so here's all the glow sticks
and the nice long rotator which isn't
mine or Rylan
so that's not let's just dump these in
here renovate and then let me just move
them around okay and let's do the big
reveal
you want to come through the big reveal
all right ready yeah that was not
kidding all right ready 1 2 3 all right
pretty cool some why is it green I
thought it would be like rainbow
literally what the fuck huh whoo you
know what the bubble oh fuck the bubble
fucked it up oh no oh no made some cute
but who would use it me bunch of fucking
dead
sounds good to me getting it in I'm
ready for my bun to get me all right I'm
gonna get in oh wow this feel great Wow
party I played inside okay so now that
leaf is covering up the plug I don't
know if you get looked up but it's
slightly more fun this is toxic yeah
sizzle alert party no it is my youtuber
Barbuda life you look at cons like
digital piracy way why that goes over
all the life hacks for today I feel very
clean and if you want me to wear like
videos please give me a thumbs up on
I'll be sure to subscribe my channel hit
the notification bell because I make the
videos a parade I just want to tell my
other life hack videos I've made a pool
floatie out of chips I lit a lot of
things on fire
I will be the link to a playlist red cup
description boobs are actually live
hackers I will see you
