which one's a pug right we're both ugly
we're both sad
we both do everything our owners tell us
- damn right she's supposed to be my
bitch and now I'm hers that's right
bitch hey what's up you guys so today I
thought it'd be fun if we did a little
ask shade and I'm guessing other
questions in the comments right now er
why is there a puppet behind you
goo goo fuckin crazy no I'm kidding I'm
not crazy stop looking at me like that
so I decided to go on Facebook and see
what you guys wanted to know Shane what
the hell are you doing with your life oh
that's not Facebook that's just a text
from my mom all right let's read some
real questions Chris wants to know have
I ever been in a threesome I mean really
Chris I said real questions now things
that are fucking impossible that's like
asking hey Shane can you fly can you do
magic
can you stop crying yourself to sleep
the answer to all those questions is no
this motherfucker is sad Alexis wants to
know what's something that always makes
you feel better food I mean I know I
should say something like creativity
reading no it's food and a lot of it
Olli wants to know sorry
I don't meet a lot of your name like
your name is plate Li can't wait to meet
your brother and sister greasy and
crispy Haley wants to know do you like
to be spanked well Haley considering I
was heavily abused as a child yes it
hurts so good
Jeremiah wants to know what's a weirdest
dream you remember having I'm not lying
I actually had a dream last week that I
took a shit on Joey Graceffa chest and
then I texted him and said hey I had a
dream about you and he was like what was
it I dream that I took a shit on your
chest
Joey hello are you there huh he'll text
me back
Holly wants to know have you ever sex
did anybody I've actually not sexted and
usually all the text that me and Lisa
send to each other like can you take the
dog out to take a shit can you empty the
dishwasher if you ever cheat on me with
Joey I'll cut your balls off you know
normal couple things let's try one right
now let's text my mom
okay I'm using my phone to film this so
I will use my iPad and I will just
direct message her that's right my mom
has a twitter and if you follow her
you'll know where I get my crazy from
okay let's take up
sure just send her my ass she seen that
before
alright okay and let's click send all
right it's sent I'll tell you what a
response is at the end of this video
autumn wants to know how are you feeling
I'm gonna be honest I am very not
feeling wait what
I'm on a lot of drugs I still have a
virus and I'm forcing myself to make
these videos this week I am not feeling
well the virus in my ear has not gone
away it and I'm going to see a
specialist today and I don't know what
it is
buthe inna wants to know have you always
been a little bitch no that was huge
Vanessa wants to know would you rather
eat spaghetti full of worms or a hot dog
that has a dick in it I don't know hot
dogs in general are just gross to me I
bit into a hot dog in third grade and
there was a vein in it now that I think
about it maybe that wasn't a hot dog I
need therapy kai says put your foot
behind your head yeah screw you Kai for
reminding me how unflexible I am you
also remind me how out of shape I am cuz
I'm very out of breath right now Annie
wants to know would you brofist pudy pie
what's bro fisting I know what fisting
is it's bro fisting like putting the
fist in the butt and going shit bro
cuz if so I would double bro fist oh
Emily asked who is your favorite
contestant on Big Brother I'm not gonna
spend too much time on this because I
know a lot of you guys probably don't
watch Big Brother I'm just thinking
about it gets me heated hey lady you and
knowing his fuck Aaron I vote to evict
yo eyebrows and it's a double eviction
bitch Alyssa you better put that big old
lips away Amanda MacRay I hope y'all
shit shanks and Andy if you're gonna be
the gay funny one be funny and that's
all my thoughts on big brother and I
love you Julie Chen and the last
question is from Marissa and she asked
which one direction member would you
have sex with oh that's hard that's like
picking between T and Tamara I love them
both so much okay I really don't know
any of their names but I know there's a
rumor going on that uh the Harry and the
other one who's skinny and white doesn't
really narrow down who has gay face that
doesn't narrow down whatever there's
room that they're together in real life
so I'm gonna go with the black when Zayn
mainly because our chip name would be
hashtag chisaem which is fucking awesome
and those are all my questions hope you
guys learned something creepy about me I
learned something creepy about myself
and if you want you can ask us more
questions leave some comments down below
and I will see you guys tomorrow
hope EFM hang with me I'm funny with you
oh boo Boop forgot we got to call my mom
and see if she got my sex
alright switching a webcam alright call
them up you like it did it make you
hungry it reminded you to get coconuts
furry Oh
well don't throw it because you're not
on camera so I want to wait for that I
love you oh I'm gonna send her a picture
my dick next all right you got to see
later
I want you feel about to be like is that
a muffin is that a ziplock baggie full
of cottage cheese I want you to think
it's anything but what it actually is
which is my gross body
