hey what's up you guys I know what
you're thinking how could this video get
any gayer than the last three videos
that you've put up on this channel this
week Shane well this is how I'm sick and
you know how I got sick from making out
with Joey it's the gays week ever yeah
yeah
so yes I'm sick right now laying on my
couch I can't move I can't think all I
can do is sit here for hours
watching Cupcake Wars and food Wars and
food court Wars and deep-fried wars
pretty much the only Wars I care about
you could tell me hey Shane there's a
war going on right outside there's
people dying there's explosions
everybody saying it's the end of the
world and I'd be like there's not
cupcakes though then I'm not interested
I have a problem that we already knew
that
so I decided today instead of not
posting a video I would just ramble with
you guys
let's just chalk chat talk check what
I'm on drugs first thing I want to talk
about is my hair now as you can see
right now it looks like spaghetti it
also kind of looks like Robert Pattinson
and Kristen Stewart and happy from a 7th
heaven all mixed together which is not a
good look and I'm trying to figure out
what to do with it I know I joke about
this a lot on Twitter and stuff but I
really think I'm going to cut my hair
soon I think I'm going to cut it I don't
know how sure I don't know what I want
to do the question of the day is how
short should I cut it should I fucking
shave my head which is what I really
want to do should I get a mohawk should
I get a fauxhawk
should I get corn rolls let me know
because I have no fucking idea this is
my vagina
I know what we could do hey I'm a genius
let's do a Netflix haul hey everyone
this is Shana spaghetti head vagina
finger and I'm doing my Netflix haul so
as you guys knew I have been watching
Netflix for two days because I got
herpes through a gay kiss with Joey
Graceffa so let's see what I've been
watching burger land a show about a fat
guy who goes around and eats burgers or
as I like to call it the first fourteen
years of my life
true life I'm a gay drag queen or as I
like to call it my current life Degrassi
a show about a bunch of twelve year old
kids in Canada getting herpes committing
suicide and once in a while getting
cancer I don't have a joke for that one
that show is a joke in itself Project
Runway
I'm gay big brother I'm lonely chopped I
only rented this because I thought it
was a show about sex changes it is not
so I did not watch it sister wives a
show about a gay dude who has a bunch of
fat gross wives and he acts like he
can't handle it all because they're all
so beautiful spoiler alert they're not
beautiful and you're gay homie
MasterChef I don't know what that shows
about because the whole time I'm just
staring at Gordon Ramsay's pants which
are way too tight I could literally draw
his penis through memory Undercover Boss
one of the worst shows ever hey y'all my
name is Shaniqua and i am your boss I
mean I am just a normal employee today
why are you wearing a wig and why do you
have a fake accent and why do you have a
fake tooth and why are you acting weird
I don't know what you're talking about
but you're not allowed to talk to me
like that because I am your boss I mean
I'm an employee I'm just like you are we
on Undercover Boss I don't know what
you're talking about
let go the worst show ever and I want to
be on it Bates Motel a show about a mom
and son who are way way way too close
once again the story of my life orphan
black the best show ever made it's about
a woman who has nine clones of herself
and they're all crazy and one of them's
a lesbian one of them's British and one
of them's Canadian one of them has red
and I just gave away the entire show
sorry
and last but not least Abby and Brittany
the show about the two headed teenage
girl who's just trying to be normal
did I mention she has two heads just E
and normal I'm kidding I love that bitch
that bitches those bitches so that's my
Netflix haul video oh I hope you enjoyed
hanging with me guys I didn't really
enjoy hanging with you I would much
rather have been asleep I'm kidding it's
the drugs talking
and all that note I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow and also with my brand
new Selena Gomez spoof so it's gonna be
a fun day and I'm sorry that I'm sick
today and that this was a boring video I
promise tomorrow is going to be a lot
more exciting and last but not least
never kiss Joey Graceffa this is what
happens to you all right I love you guys
touch later BAM the transformation that
is happening right in front of me is
insanely racist
