whoa I just filmed that yesterday and
you're already watching it right now
which means I have not slept yet stop
looking at me
I think corney's possessed the house is
not haunted
it's your dog that's haunted don't turn
yes we found this video yesterday and I
stayed up all my editing it and I'm so
excited to show you guys this Friday I'm
freaking out it's super funny it's super
crazy and there's a lot of making out
with a lot of different people it's
gonna be fucking weird
speaking of making out with people oh
god this is like Joey Graceffa week
because right now I'm on my way to
Joey's house to a film a little collab a
dab dab I'm not sure what we're gonna do
yet but I assume it's gonna be really
fucking gay and make Lisa question her
relationship with me let's go to Joey's
oh my god I thought it was swallow haha
you're so hard for me to swallow
just kidding it's easy and then I spit
it yeah I'm kidding I love you like I
swallow keep it down so we are on our
way to CVS right now cuz we are get it
was fuck I mean I was like oh let's do a
collab video and he's like oh let's do
the boyfriend does my makeup challenge
I'm like great and he's like let's go to
CVS I mean who are you what do you mean
why are we going to like not oh my god
haha I'm like dirty or they're gonna
dirty my face with a CVS lewd mockery do
you wanna go to the class here places I
mean I'm a classy bitch and you're
treating me like a whore like oh let's
go to the place that says slash pharmacy
oh we might as well go to Kmart it's
right there or do you want to go to
dross Drive Ross Dress for Less and get
me some panties I think God we're gonna
get some makeup we're also planning out
guys I don't wanna give it away but
we're playing at a pretty epic video
coming up in the next few
it's gonna be it's gonna be big real big
this is kind of showy wheat it really is
we need a hashtag show a week I mean we
got yesterday's vlog we got today's vlog
we got the music video who knows what's
gonna happen tomorrow
Joey probably won't be in it but I'll be
talking about him I'm sure hey no
tomorrow's the collab oh my god wet Wow
my show he's trippin
your phone has done so my phone is
officially the most broken phone ever I
mean you know how that happened from
slamming my phone on the ground cuz show
he doesn't text me back hey guys were in
the makeup section along with Ellen
DeGeneres and a raccoon that really
shows she's a lesbian cuz she's like I
don't know what makeup is I don't know
how to do that's gonna get her can I get
a raccoon it makes me feel like I'm home
yeah I need an animal I mean some butch
just like about the fact that you're
making fun of the fact that CBS is cheap
this stuff is not cheap okay this is
probably gonna cost like $100 really I
didn't even look at Rice's like so rich
having a little bit of process I just
saw a raccoon and I said I want it all
I'm gonna say let's check out tomorrow's
videos guys as offensive no I'm just
glad right now it looks like a normal
skin tone oh somebody of a different
race Oh like a you'll see tomorrow it's
just some Jess well I'm gonna go clean
my face off god you're the worst give me
those makeup wipes
I'm gonna go smear this all over your
clothes no oh you sounded really scared
is because I'm black are you scared of
me because I'm black
I don't believe it I don't you guys it's
the end of the day we just finished
filming this makeup video I'm tired I'm
worn out little baby JJ is just all
sleep a little Joey Joey is a little
baby giraffe oh no wait kangaroo no
Joey's a little kangaroo right that's
what you are you're my little my little
giraffe my king why don't you get a good
news they're very different all right
guys I'm so out of it all the fumes from
the makeup I know seriously call the
dark foundation hahaha
listen heat you're racist I feel so bad
for that please don't hate me everyone I
didn't mean to are you sick I am going
through puberty
finally when will I go through it my
father so I go well guys on that no
click him fearful
loves it I just choked on my own balls
um I forgot to say at the beginning of
the video the new podcast guys with Joey
Graceffa and Lohan theny live from
VidCon it is now up on iTunes and
SoundCloud so I will put the links down
there SoundCloud calm and friends yes I
should know that um and it's really
fucking funny and you know Joey just
brings the flavor
lohanthony brings the twerking and
Lauren brings the old so check it out
give me five star rating if you want if
you don't want to then choke on your
balls
oh yeah alright you guys hope you have
fun Anthony - hang with you and also you
tomorrow you're the podcast or I'll see
you on the podcast or I'll hear you what
will I do talk to them I'll talk to you
about castor so smart willed rap king
Kip fuck little kangaroo we're about to
make out what about you make up Salinas
little dude yeah hell yeah
