tell Matt it's my birthday when I party
like that get used to that annoying
voice cuz you're gonna be hearing a lot
of it today I hope you guys yes today
I'm going to be filming my spoof of
Selena Gomez's song a birthday it's
gonna be a crazy day we're gonna have
Joey Graceffa playing Justin Bieber
we're gonna have Shana playing Raven
Symone we're gonna have Lisa playing
Lizzie McGuire we're gonna have me
playing I mean every woman ever Selena
Lindsey Harper a whole bunch of them
it's gonna be awesome and the spoof is
gonna go up this Friday on my main
channel youtube.com slash a dozen to
visit I don't know why I said all right
but uh so I'm very excited I'm gonna go
put on a wig and put on a thong typical
Monday man you had come got nah I look
like Michael checks you when you read
gum again Oh who's on my bad oh my god
it's Justin Bieber not yet not yet all
you need to do to be Bieber is a white
tank top black pants and okay how the
hell this is bigger than my body well
okay so I got big underwear guys well
first of all your crotch that's perfect
I mean it's a good size for like my
bulge but like yeah yeah you're
basically calling me fat no I'm
basically calling you bulgy Oh
so the underwear had to be big because I
want him to pull them up so we can see
them because you know Justin always
loves it is a diaper well Justin's a big
old baby so it's fine he actually has a
song called baby baby baby baby oh so
he's gonna become Justin and then we're
gonna like make out and stuff did you
know that we're gonna fuck basically I'm
gonna be on top Oh Selena oh yeah take
it Justin no you're actually really
scary
hottest couple ever snap oh my god it's
Justin Bieber
yeah he had all his tattoos laser
removed
oh my god why don't we do have two
because in this scenario Justin you make
good decisions oh really which is like
still with me haha
I cannot like he cheated on me tonight
yeah you cheated on Selena with some
whore probably with Taylor slut oh did I
just talk what's your favorite part of
being Justin Bieber I don't know I just
feel like I'm him I love the earrings
yeah yo yo wow you were Justin Bieber
you were just a beaver up until that
moment look who's joining us so excited
to see you time
the weirdest thing is when I came in I
like didn't even think twice or flinch I
thought I was like a Craigslist actor or
something no I just assumed there it's
my boyfriend again dressed in drag
Oh hmm oh man we're about to make out Oh
what about your breakup Selena's little
diva yeah hell yeah Justin's not that
deep okay
yeah yeah grab your balls and squeeze
them really hard are you ready to make
out are you excited I'm so excited we've
been waiting for this moment
you know sometimes some dreams from that
first time that we kiss and I'm like
what's gonna happen again
I think you read bring it to the next
level yeah drag yeah all right if you
guys want to see the kiss you got to
wait for the video I'm not gonna give
you a it I'll give you a hint it's gonna
make you throw up
Oh
and let the lady
Hey
I think we got it
I think we got it my god you guys it's
Lizzie McGuire Miley Cyrus and that's so
raven all in one place
Miley how was it humping that's Oh Raven
did you see the future yeah let's just
say I came I need a tower let's just say
you saw your future together I did we
can marry - Thank You United States of
America hey how'd you get those beads so
your you played young totally sketch
until he sketches video yeah how does
that go
it was really fun the point of the video
is that you took your pants off and a
girl laughed at you for having a small
piece it does the story of my life and
not your life hopefully you don't have
to it's fine how old are you 14 anyways
girls only follow you okay house behind
fr1 away back away hey guys guess who's
here it's Lindsay Lohan from my board
game video what's your real name
stage I say dragon whatever and one
thing that I learned about her on that
video shoot that got me really excited
how not that excited what how are you
almost 18 it almost got me really
excited I'm six months away from really
really being excited she raps yeah all
right so give me just like 10 second
freestyle okay Oh freestyle
oh sure do something really turn the
negative is what does what it is what is
it looking for a better way to get about
a better set of being on the air and
Chiquita Wow
I don't know what you just said but I am
really almost really excited about it
what are you gonna be doing today um
dancing so I've heard
Selena Gomez parody I see Selena written
everywhere
lots of repeating you see Selena right
it looks wonderful
haha okay without the guys it's me
Harper from Wizards of Waverly Place and
look it's my best friend Lauren
oh my god you're almost as ugly as I am
but your legs don't like obviously I do
not have legs oh no you job let's see
your legs I do they're a little bit
hairier I do it just a little bit just a
little bit hairier God speaking of hairy
no I'm just kidding you're not giving up
my dog fell you know how that feels
you make all the men's dogs fall Wow hey
what's up you guys
yes I'm a man again kind of so today was
a very long day so many wigs so little
time but it's really fun I haven't done
a video like this in a long time I
haven't done a video where I've played
like ten characters wigs dresses
everything in a while so I'm excited I
hope you guys like it and it's gonna be
fucking insane I can't wait so question
of the day since we're spoofing Selena
Gomez's song birthday tell me if it was
your birthday today what would you want
what you wish I would want to unicorn
like a real-life unicorn or giraffe or
to have enough money where I could buy
the Kardashian and keep them as pets and
then make them sleeping on shit
alright you guys hope you have fun hang
with me - hang with you and I will see
you tomorrow bye oops
forward oh no no no but there we go woo
okay
oh oh oh this is a lot more graphic than
last time I played
