hey what's up you guys look are you
laughing it's hanging out that wouldn't
be no keep talking
thanks and nervous look how ready is oh
my god now you're talking about it oh my
god this is bullying you are hot you are
moist can you not Oh throw up okay
anyway hi well I'm here with this sick
fuck hi Skyler what's wrong with you a
lot so we are here and we are going to
fly a fun little game of merry fuck
kills very hmm we have this Cup this is
yours
this is my cup what is this usually used
for red wine mama's got a drink
smell my drunk mama's drunk right is
that why you so red help yes we are
gonna play a game merry fuck else how
this can work is uh well we each put a
whole bunch of fucking people and then
we're gonna just pull some out and play
the game go right you want to take two
guys holding out one more three people
first one is Cher's Twitter account cuz
it's really good it not not surprisingly
the red ones were written by him okay
well obviously the blue ones were by him
the black one in one direction yeah the
black boy what's his aim he's not black
he has a black thing okay pussy burns
Jonas Brothers okay now if you guys
don't remember Jonas Brothers were bad
okay so who are you fucking
I would fuck marry fuck kill I would
marry the Jonas Brothers I feel like
they would be very good to me like a
sister wives mm-hmm I would fuck Cher
yeah you would think of how fucking Type
O written that
be do you not follow her on Twitter I
know I look okay that literally is the
most iconic Twitter account of our time
oh look at beep like that oh you're
killing the black one from one direction
yeah no that sounds racist but do we
really need him yeah what does he do I
would fuck the black one for one
direction I wouldn't marry share because
she's perfect and flawless and then
Jonas Brothers I would maintain their
death every day till they're already
dead to me it's what I'm saying so you
just like watch over their graves yeah
no no get up I like stay the fuck down
you stay down there with Hannah Montana
three more
it's our fingers that's Shane's mom a
couple more Khloe Kardashian truly I
don't know which one that one is the
black one rejoin Fatone okay speaking of
my mom it feels like my mom
wrote all of these why share joy Fatone
we're this Nancy Grace unzip I am your
mom haha what was you with your mom slay
slay Bradford all night long
I'm fucker grinder her I turned her
around I wouldn't know was me joy Fatone
oh I would marry him I mean okay so
you're getting rid of Chloe wait which
truly which one is calling like can I
google her you really don't I don't I
really don't know okay I'll give you an
example like spongebob you know Patrick
throw up pubic hair on Patrick oh she's
the cute one what
I would hear.i heaven fuck I would kill
Joey Fatone I would marry your mom and I
would fuck Chloe cuz Chloe's the hot one
look hot you went from cute to ha
different standards for different people
wait will you're gay yeah she's got a
great personality so she's a cute man
she was yeah she's great
your words not mine all right stop right
Smosh the girl who ate her tampon and
Julie Chen I'm Mary Julie Chen clearly
fuck Smosh clearly and then the girl who
ate her tampon you should have her under
your podcast I'm good I guess I did the
same thing I would marry Smosh though
and fuck Julie yeah
not fuck Philip shit bad girls underage
for sure I just don't like the taste of
blood know my stuff and I like to kiss
on the mouth
passionately I don't just fuck Tyler oh
okay ready the gay from one direction
I'm not that narrows it it does not
Kasia with a dollar sign for you or
Queen Latifah Queen laqueefa I would
fuck the gay one cuz I think we would
actually enjoy it in Mary Kesha and kill
Queen Latifah I don't I'm not really in
the lesbians I know what I look like
Ellen DeGeneres realness but okay yeah
kid once great what this is the most
normal answer you would ever put down
Ariana
Taylor Swift who are these people the
black chick from vampire dies there we
go but I've always said Ariana is the
one girl I go straight for I like her so
fuck her I would marry the black chick
interglacial Ali marry Ariana no no I
would fuck Taylor stuff because then you
would get a song written above you and
then that's kind of like your claim to
fame
I'd kill Taylor Swift's cuz that's a
claim to fame that is I would I guess
fuck the black chick on when she is
happy we've stopped saying slay potato
Wow Demi Lovato okay it's potato potato
Lovato Joey Graceffa amanda Bynes
okay Lamanna Bynes kill Amanda Bynes out
of her misery it's like when you see a
dog with one eye
I would fuck Joey marry Jamie
killing me Emmy tail slamming Slayer
Miley Cyrus 2008 door okay
in Miley Cyrus 2013 um I like 2013 Miley
I would kill 2008 why do you like her
are you kidding we have the same hair
she twerks and everything's perfect and
I would fuck Sawyer I hate to be
shocking you would fuck Sawyer
well yeah that's not a shot I actually
like 2013 Miley - oh my god I think
people are dealing her a lot of shit
right now but I think she's a genius I
think she's working the media exactly
how she wants to we all know about her
she's in our fuck marry kill twice twice
I would marry a 2013 my lead I would uh
fuck Sawyer and kill 2008 my league
she's already dead she's already done to
us
and the last one that we didn't pick was
iCarly what would you ever seen icarly I
know it was before my time right after
my time there's not my time Miranda
cross five it's fucking genius
well guys that is today's video yeah
you're so uncomfortable no I'm not a
steady this is not uncomfortable are you
uncomfortable
no well guys on that no comment of the
day what would you do with Joey Graceffa
would you marry him fuck him
we're still a good all right you guys
help you up my name with us we're
fighting with you and I was a you
tomorrow's the show I am a hundred
sunshine I gotta go I've got it that's
it bye what are you doing look at you
filming baby food look at that hair hey
mama girl look at that body
