Omega your friends are boring strangers
are better but I was always told not to
talk to strangers but I was never told
not to chat with them online let's go to
a male
do
about you fun
I don't know why I'm really crying right
now I'm not emotional maybe I'm allergic
to sexy music hey guys um I'm my car
right now bawling literally I don't know
why I'm crying I kind of think I'm
having an allergic reaction to something
lovely I don't die but if I do die you
know you can sing at my funeral I'm
kidding I want you to sing the Lizzie
McGuire theme song and then throw big
green balls everywhere so yes today is a
fun day because I am on my way to Tyler
Oakley's house and we are going to film
some collabs and then after that we're
gonna go to Lisa's friend's house who I
love and they just got a puppy and we're
gonna play with it I'm gonna put my
paint hands on it and I'm gonna blood it
and I'm gonna make them really
uncomfortable and then I'm gonna pet it
way too hard and I might kill it I'm
also gonna do all those things to Tyler
Oakley so let's go look at those ladies
what are you doing look at you film a
baby food look at that hair hey mama
girl look at that body oh baby can you
explain something to me what is gray
hair the new like I don't know what it
would be the new email' here um I don't
know but I look damn good no I like it
do you know the reason what what he
likes it really no I like it the reason
I bring it up is because the guy on
catfish has gray hair and yeah the the
host and I never think about it I'm like
he looks good and then Lisa was like he
has gray hair and I'm like except no
anytime I'm on about and I see an old
woman I'm like she's trying to Jack my
swag but it's just for natural look I'm
like oh I'm checking hers um it's got
like a little lavender in it so I think
lavender is in isn't that well that
Osbourne definitely is kind of my
grandma's hair thank you before she died
rest in peace the look I'm going for you
know how much I love to fuck like that I
don't know I was gonna say I want to
look more ready oh wait you just said I
said something too far no I definitely
did no I like the hair like the gray I
might try it you should do it I think
it'd be a look for you
alright so today we're gonna film a
little video we don't really know what
we're doing yet Shane came over three
hours ago we were supposed to film and
then we just started talking about big
brother
and which I know you guys don't watch
but
I'm telling you you guys need to start
watching because me and Shane are so
into it I'm so addicted and we really
want Julie Chen you know I don't care
about me I want her to follow you on
twitter so everybody everybody go out to
eat
oh wait what's your Twitter Angela job
everybody to eat ad Julie Chen and then
say you have to follow your biggest fan
at Tyler Oakley and maybe she will know
it's okay if she doesn't I don't think
she checks it robots don't check Twitter
then why does it matter just follow me
whoever's running it that's a lot I
think that it's my claim to fame if it
happens alright guys we're gonna film
this video I'm gonna get that white hair
in my face god bless and then we're
gonna hopefully get Julie Chen to follow
us high five
BAM that's so true
hey hey I try I'm tired okay no honey
you look so cute I'm so tired I'm so
hungry I'm so worn out from all the
stuff me and Tyler did so we were
supposed to go hang out with Lisa's
friends puppy but you hung out with them
instead and left me but that's true
oh well but you know what I do have this
puppy right here look at this puppy look
at that puppy how do you only come in
here when you're blogging because I
don't want to have this conversation
again pretend like you love me alright
corny we'll leave since obviously mom
doesn't want us around
hi maybe she'd love me if I was a
British youtuber nice huh what no I love
you you're British whoa oh yeah so it
hikes
wait that's not British sister I was
like very cockney very is that or litter
is that sexy for you is that do you like
that will you thumbs up with my video
alright my British accent isn't a sexy
British youtubers but you know what
corny does not have a British actor
makers according to the top oh my god
British accent because I'm a little cute
puppy does make me want to make out with
her oh you serve Sarah you say guys that
was my day question of the day you watch
British youtubers and who's your face
Ritt and who should I make a video with
I want to have a British penis in my
butt right
alright you guys hope you have fun hang
with me I'm funding with you and I will
see you tomorrow bye hey guys look we're
podcasting right now we draw these
people oh it's all for you it's all for
you finally now that long Anthony is
going to teach my mom how did work
