crappy nose of your board abort all
right guys I'm on my way to VidCon right
now with a very special guest she's
shitting her pants
how many vicodin are you on right now no
I Shane Lee it's not vicodin what is it
an anti-anxiety I'm not a pharmacist I
don't know it's all drugs to me am i
nothing this is her first VidCon she's
very nervous she's very excited I think
it's gonna go terribly can't wait Oh
guys I literally just pooped
the flash is like oh my god this is so
much flash this is crazy but I cannot
even believe it I am with Shane Dawson
right now and I am with at Mohamad which
by the way we need to talk about the
fact that your tweet to Lindsey Lohan
was her last tweet before she went to
jail or what this I cannot believe it
and she tweeted my Instagram picture
wishing her happy birthday a day are you
gonna see her I have to I'm gonna visit
her in rehab yeah can I give you some
advice don't hey cuz I don't want you to
turn it like she's my information though
I have to turn out like her I have to
she's everything I inspired it to be so
you would aspire to be just you know
what I'm not gonna say because I don't
want you to hate me let's keep the love
keep the love all right we're in
backstage we're about to do the podcast
my mom is here she's terrified it's
lauren simonetti why you did this to her
little fellas over there
i disguised the reminder for the podcast
my mouth is clearly bigger never mind
never mind she went she went lohanthony
is over there waiting I mean this is
very exciting I just met all these
British youtubers they were all chiseled
and tight small where they go they're
over there just being all chiseled and
they were like hey you live in LA and
I'm like yeah why and they're like and I
was like all right let's go the Queen
has arrived I was like ooh this
Christiaan we got I'm shaking I was here
but I had a fan you that's what happens
my boys drink too much water water
all right we're walking Joey's vlogging
look Anthony is looking is beautiful
gentle I'm a wreck Lauren is the best
you guys are what they're vlogging now
hey guys look we're podcasting right now
we draw these people oh it's all for you
it's all for you
I don't know why Anthony is going to
teach my mom how to twerk
how it was gonna happen okay I was over
to her first basic
oh so I'm not I'm nothing like you're
gonna take a look you're gonna take a
shit and so uncomfortable right now my
life is weird are you guys we just
finished the podcast I mean it went very
well
oh my god Joey there he's still here
he's go you go hoo-wee m-my mom
shouldn't learn how to twerk she was so
nervous she almost cried again it was
like Terry was there all over again um
so yeah so that went well now we're
gonna go do a meet and greet so I'm
charming a motorboat a lot of underage
bitches sure Laurens gonna get a lot of
pain so many peen um I also got a
stuffed animal of a sperm from a 12 year
old thing by the way that is a stuffed
animal spurge I know you should get it I
really should why didn't she give it to
me you haven't seen sperm in so long you
say yes now we're gonna go to the mean
Creek and I'm excited huh guys I found
them I found them and I hunted and
they're here I'm touching the real I'm
touching actually really real we're not
holy um oh my god it touched his face
he's sweaty like me have you guys loving
VidCon we're good it's really good like
a billion people which to go last night
I was signing things in my sleep because
I'd be saying so many things little
weirdest thing you signed oh yeah
I signed someone's forehead yeah every
flag guy asked me to sign his butt that
was WOW pretty hot that was on that note
see you guys soon I've been trying to
stalk you for like five hours as well so
when you saw that I was like will you
sign my butt yep chansu then I'll do
that turn the camera off done okay I
didn't film it miss the moment but my
mom met ethany from Smosh is she almost
passed out
I gave him big hugs did you touch his
face a little bit I touched his hair ooh
jealous Lauren is meeting her first fan
I just paid him thinking $30 to do that
I love you Lauren I don't guys I'm gonna
sign a boob I'm signing a boob I'm
signing a boob elder elder you 17 I'm
signing a boob with clothes over it
ready it's ashamed of French shirt guys
I'm so excited okay
first boob of the day right on the nip
all right you guys the end of the night
we just did I'm lying it is totally
daytime outside but I'm done girl
I'm tired all tired mama needs a nap so
today was awesome we did our podcast
which went very well good job Lauren he
did nothing and then we and then we did
the signing which was awesome it we got
the coolest thing ever this guy ISA look
what he made it's corny it's Sheneneh
corny corny a sinead corn I mean that's
a coolest thing I've ever seen it's
really good
thank you thank you ISA and that's it
question of the day guys if you were
coming to VidCon what youtuber would you
want to meet besides me and besides
Lauren you're better you were so famous
today all right you guys hope you have
fun aim with me - hang with you and I
will see you tomorrow and if you want to
get the podcast oh it's not out yet when
will this one be out the 13th of August
you can give this podcast so I love you
guys I see you tomorrow bye MA and I'm
not that bad I know your panties are on
the ground calm down girl
