howdy guys yes welcome back to the weird
side of the Internet and today we're
going to be talking about
Suri's now if you don't know what a
Ferdie is basically it's a person who
wears an animal suit and they take on a
persona and some people like that sex in
the suit some people don't me personally
like that the first thing I would do by
how the furry on the internet and Kiro
the wolf and his youtube channel and
we're going to go in hey I got a
business that was a lot like I thought
Joey Graceffa opening with a lot that
was like Joey with a big animal head
this is kinda like a life update videos
co-authors happening early to me so I'm
on whatever he's on oh okay
communication you say new awesome people
had this to be honest does he shit in
them like remember the baby diaper girl
like she probably shat in her diaper
so this he likes shit outside like a
wolf I know his neighbors just like how
that hero ball tore his neighbor like
shit on my mom oh I are you listen
second thing I didn't subscribe thank
you guys so much
teachers are so much more than that guys
please go to heroes channel subscribe
can we get care of to 100k I think we
can Carol and we get you to 100k can i
fuck you with that and I really love it
haha did he just come I don't care
probably wonder why
so I'd again today and it's a little
amazing has a lot of Turner and I think
I sent a bottle in for something anyway
I want that on top of me I want to lay
there and I want him to attack me I am -
whip - and Rodell with his teeth I might
be afraid
ah dad brothers really cool I said I
wanted to director all these guys into
sponsor Carol how are you getting more
brand deals than
that's how he views himself good one
that one is making me feel some type of
way
and that way is scared I don't know like
he's cute
are you fuck you up he is the head
switches it's up like I don't talk that
like not first like people in general
like when I'm at Walmart somebody walk
by and they're like I'm like you stay in
your lane honey and I'll stay in my lane
well it's this way he doesn't smell my
finger to her see I told you I did not
trust him
am I gonna cry right now because I might
alter that kid with camera the badges me
I feel bad for judging him look at him
oh I mean they are watching the
handicapped parking spots but I want to
see them suck so bad like I know furries
are all about fucking but like I want to
see it why was that one my cat that's my
nightmare like I wake up one morning and
cheeto is seven feet tall
okay here is my plan I want to talk to
Hiro because a lot of questions but also
I was genuinely interested in this whole
world and I know a lot of you guys are
probably judging this I mean it is weird
but I feel like maybe once we know more
about it then maybe we'll understand it
more
also in might be in love with him
alright so without further ado let's go
talk to history oh my god
hi I'm are you doing this is a dream
come true oh my god you look like a real
animal thank you very much okay how did
you come up with your first sona which
is what it's called it yes I always been
a really big fan of wolves I know I look
like a fox everyone says it looks like a
fox plays actually uh so like you are a
fan of something and then like you took
it too far but that's okay so
over-the-top so do you wear that like
all the time or when do you wear if you
were to work no I I'm a fried drug slash
dishwasher so I don't want to get this
dirty at all
I mean you wear it when I'm either home
alone and I feel bored I'm like hey give
my first knew or I'm out in the city
I love seeing people's reactions while I
wear it into like the town or the city
and it's just really fun to do wait so
you go to work
you're just a normal person do the
people you work with know that you're
occurring well now I kind of keep it on
the low down well that's my next
question so you know there's a big myth
or stereotype I guess of furries which
is that it's a solely sexual thing and a
lot of us say it's not right it's not
honestly
the age variation in furries I can go
anywhere from a person who's been 12
years old to like 60 years old there's a
huge range of ages in here so most of
the furry fandom is not a fetish there
is a sexual side to it but it's not that
large right look let's do it for like a
hobby or lifestyle way well we'll get to
the having the lifestyle in a second but
I want to get the cassette like you have
like a special pouch that you could like
open up or how does it work well
monocaine guru okay so you're talking
about more suits which those are suits
specifically designed for sex like this
is the first thing we doesn't have any
extra zippers or like stuff to put your
junk to come out so more suits have a
zipper in the front and the back so you
can successfully do the sex Wow so you
don't consider yourself a like furry
fucker I don't know the word for it
mercy dirt I know I don't so for me the
reason that I understand furries because
a lot of people don't get them I
understand it because number one a
chance to completely cover my body yes
number two a chance to completely turn
into a different person and nobody knows
who I am and I can just like be as weird
as I want yes number three fucking
somebody else wearing a costume is
everything so I get it I feel like I am
Oh perfect it's really fun I just love
to become a different character like you
can be anyone who you want and this
character represents you and it's just
so much fun just to become someone else
yeah they're like dating apps for
furries like a tinder for furries yeah
there is um I can't think of any right
now but there are a few rocker
I love with yes when you put your hands
in so cute okay yeah oh my god yeah
hello we can you shake your head do you
have okay wait do you have like special
little things you do like little legs
because I seem like different bird
is where they have like their go-to move
what are your move I like to dabble on
that's my one thing give me that fucking
death look now oh my god I love it so
much so fun oh wait do you look into the
club like this like I'm not for a club
like a club club I went to one once and
amount of people that grow up my butt
was amazing and I loved it oh my god yes
you okay listen well I don't know wait
this is the total personal question and
I can take it out if you want but I
think I saw one video that has gained
the title but I don't know if that was a
joke or not or do you talk about that
yeah it's fine I am really gay really
gay okay great because I was going to
say like I feel like that is like a dick
slash man pussy magnet like urine at
first you everybody like what's under
the first moon even I was kind of
tempted like I purposely didn't look at
videos of what you look like if I'm like
no I don't want to fuck the illusion up
like you have so many people skating on
you when you're in that suit yeah it
does happen a lot it was normal people I
guess when I went to the club especially
like sometimes in the city a random
person would like touch my butt I'm like
okay how you doing
have you ever had anybody because people
are very judgmental which is why I've
started doing this series because I kind
of want to like open up people's minds
to stuff have you found anybody in your
home life that's been judgmental or like
didn't want to hang out with you anymore
didn't talk to you anymore yeah there
were a few people I would consider them
acquaintances like in high school when
they found out that completely like
disown me start spreading rumors about
me
and it was a really a fun time so I just
blocked them on my life and just kept
positive so what made you want to become
a furring the first place how old were
you like what kind of made you want to
turn into this okay so that's the fun
one uh one day I was just scrolling
online I loved werewolves out into the
whole werewolf thing you know grrrrrr
and stuff but um I was looking for a
werewolf all paper for my computer and
he's like fursuit showed up I'm like oh
my god and I clicked on it as my
wallpaper for like a week and then my
friend pointed out like
like furry furry holy crap so I looked
it up and I got dragged right into it
when you put on the first shoes do you
feel like more confident you feel kind
of like you can do more things and you
can't as a normal person
I do actually it makes you feel like
another person the way you act when you
talk you can basically say anything I
just love it so much you get a lot of
happiness from it I know it sounds weird
but before ours is closing guy barely
talked to anyone and now I'm like a
social butterfly I can walk up to anyone
like in the world like hey I like to
face how you doing or something like
that
so I really changed my life like
personally and professionally so instead
of like being shy of clients like shying
away for them I'm like hey let me make a
video for you or something that like
maybe oddly emotional inside that was
weird I'm sorry that's so sweet
I love that so much because I totally
like I get it like if I was a kid you
know I was younger and I didn't I didn't
talk until I was like 14 like I just was
not confident and talked if I would have
had something where I could like put on
another persona and like be confident
cuz I did that later in life when I
started wearing wigs and dresses and
playing characters and I felt so
confident so I just want that so much
okay so big moat so you're okay
revealing your identity taking off your
head you're okay yeah but the only thing
is I asked like don't reveal like my
last name you can call me Josh if you
want but last names our opener name is
Josh I did not know that all right oh my
god okay guys are you ready we're about
to reveal the identity I'm excited I'm
going to be very sweaty so don't judge
my face women on 20 I'm gonna and here
we go there you hi yeah this is my human
face it's so weird to see wow that was
like a moment like Disney where I would
make you like take off his head you're
like like that's crazy there's a person
under that Wow and it's so scary to see
the head just dead next to you I'm sorry
I'm yeah this is that Wow well thank you
I mean this is exciting I was like
very nervous about this because I've
never talked to a furry and I've always
wanted to this is a big moment thank you
welcome I think the final thing we
should do is I think you should help me
come up with my first no no so I'm a
beginner so like I don't have that much
to work with this is all I have I don't
know my name yet but I know I'm sassy so
like what kind of a name would you give
this for summer I don't know it looks
like a Frank I get it it really does
look like a face so like would I be
invited into a furry convention just
like well the thing is you don't have to
have a fur suit to go to a furry
convention actually most furries don't
even have fur suits they mostly have
like a tail or ears you don't really
have to have anything to go to a very
convention so like just this head and my
hairy body and I'd be good yeah well
there you guys go
whoo you enjoyed that interview that was
incredibly mind opening to me and also
oddly emotional I just loved the idea of
transforming into something else and I'm
incompetent fuckin loved it and
hopefully just opened up some of your
minds if you were afraid of it or
thought it was weird I mean I'm sure
there are weird people in the furry
community like yours in every community
but for the most part I get it I think
it's really sweet so guys go check out
serial openess link red-top description
below subscribe you cam showing some
love and if you want me to go to
Pittsburgh and become a furry with kiiro
give me a thumbs up I wanna also leave
some comments down below let me know
what we recited the interactions next I
was thinking of going to the growing
sides if you don't know what bronies are
bitch you ain't ready
aren't you guys hopefully enjoyed this
video make sure to subscribe and in the
notification battle because I make new
videos basically as you wanted to my
last weird side of YouTube video where I
talk to an adult baby I'll put a link
right jump is ridiculous alright well
first I will see you tomorrow
