looking at Jim Austin my own hair are
you a my homie
what about corny stop judging me stop
judging me I know you're just really
fucking jealous of my cool headbands
it's gold it's sparkly it's really old
so it's worn out it's the cache of
headbands I'm kidding
it's the Gaga double kidding don't want
to piss off the Goggin aiders Daka
Soares what our Lady Gaga's fans names
the Gaga rolled on whatever they are I
fucking love them sorry
wearing a headband turns me into a very
gay person didn't God already do that
any Gaga let's talk about today I know
some of you guys are probably like why
isn't there a gaming video well because
technically I made one um it was the
omegle chat but it was so funny I was
like you know what I'm gonna put this on
my main channel because maybe I could
start doing more like explore the
internet videos on my main channel so
I'll put up a gaming video next week on
this channel but today I thought it
would be fun if we just did an
old-school follow me around vlog I feel
like I've done that many of those and
they're really fun so let's do it
except corney's not coming Cornie fillet
corn is just gonna lay around eat all
day and cry she's the Kelly Clarkson of
dogs I'm kidding I love Kelly Clarkson
and all the clark inators clark Barker's
read Clark's what is every fan have to
have a fucking name alright so I just
got out of the salon I mean the
barbershop you know cuz we're men
okay was the salon and I might have been
in black salon and I might have got my
hurr did so yes I got a haircut
um which you know you can't really tell
because I never cut that much off and
now I have to go get an outfit for
tomorrow because tomorrow is VidCon and
I am so nervous
we're gonna be doing the podcast live I
I'm gonna be a sweaty mess so if you're
at VidCon right now and you want to come
see the podcast
once again I've already said this
million times that is going to be in a
ballroom ABC and it is me Joker's have a
Lohan theny and Lauren and a special
guest so come on and it's a two o'clock
on Saturday and I'll be naked that's a
lie so yes I got to go get an outfit
right now and then after that I'm gonna
be going back to my house because we're
filming that Selena Gomez spoof and I
need to figure out what we're gonna do I
know one thing though I'm gonna be
playing a lot of girls and not like in a
pimp way I'm not like you know playing
girls like girl you blame I'm playing
that game no I'm literally playing women
with wigs and boobs thongs
it's gonna be sexy all right
found Method con alpha T sorry song
break so I'm thinking striped shirt
because you know I'm gay but not a
blazer to cover my love and jeans shoes
that I've stepped in dogshit in and hair
from 2008 look who decided to break in
my house sit in my sex chair it's quite
a wide section no it's all about myself
I just spread out race you to see a lot
of room so mom is this yours why do you
have a Smosh magazine okay it came in
the mail for using aka my mom went to
the store with sunglasses on bought it
and then read the whole thing in the car
on the way home um so guys I guess Smosh
does a magazine why don't we have a
magazine I do not read and what would we
what would we put in there well we put
pictures of me and you back to back
thank you for being a friend and oh my
god and the creepiest cardboard cutouts
ever oh my god I know what I want to do
with this oh my god you guys Smosh is in
my house why does he talk like that okay
this is the creepiest thing I've ever
seen I can't see right I love that I'm
like working and all this and you just
come with me you're like just give me a
second okay - probably mom your hair
actually matches his oh maybe you should
grow it oh look how excited she is
dinner at home look at her I'm so
excited I'm so excited I'm so excited
no pee don't pee hands up and touch the
sky what have you been doing all day
corny whoops okay alright I'll make it
up to you kidding nice day so yes it is
been a very interesting day
technically the day is not over yet but
it is for me I'm gonna go in the office
and I'm going to be working like crazy
on the Selena Gomez spoof I have to
finish a song I have to finish pretty
much everything I have to break but
Justin Bieber then I have to make up
with Justin Bieber that I had to break
up with him again
there's so much to do alright you guys
opieop and hang with me I'm coming with
you
I was are you tomorrow also brand-new
video on my main channel where I go on
omegle for the first time so you might
want to check that out and also if your
VidCon check me out at my podcast
tomorrow at 2 all right let the guys buy
we just record the podcast how do you
think it went it went amazing Shane
you're great and your mom they touched
my heart so much
