Omega your friends are boring strangers
are better but I was always told not to
talk to strangers but I was never told
not to chat with them online let's go to
a mail you guys I'm freaking the fuck
out right now I have taken five Diaries
this morning and that's one more than
usual so today we are recording the
podcast which hopefully you guys have
already heard oh there's Lauren walking
up I don't know if you can see her look
how miserable she is look how excited I
am
yin yang so today we are interviewing
Tara Reed girl don't get me started I'm
fangirling Tara Reed is from Justin
Pussycats when my favorite movies of all
time American Pie one two and three and
I think they made like 10 of them she's
a smoker's voice she hates Lindsay Lohan
she's my best friend this is the first
like TV slash movie celebrity that we've
had on the podcast everybody up until
now has been like Internet people which
is fun but I'm really nervous because I
don't know how to treat a movie person
all I want to do is smell her extensions
and motorboat her can I do that I did it
with Rebecca Black also big announcement
which is why I'm also really excited
we're going to be doing a live video
chats with Joey Graceffa Lohan theny
Lauren and a special guest and that is
going to be on Saturday August 3rd 2nd I
don't know this Saturday and it's gonna
be in the ballroom a B and C I think
whatever when you get to VidCon if
you're going to VidCon just look it up
and it'll be there I think it's gonna be
from 2:00 to 3:00 and it's gonna be so
much fun I'm so excited I just shit
again I just shit really hard oh no I
came I came all right guys we just
recorded the podcast and it was so much
fun and oh my god she's here let me turn
on the flash just saying you look
completely black right now which is a
good look for you the blonde yeah it's
like Beyonce there we go now she's white
not that it's wrong to be black we're
just saying maybe a little weird if you
were just a little bit she is here we
just record the podcast how do you think
it went it went amazing and Shane you're
great and your mom like touched my heart
so much she's honestly the most
incredible sweetest lady I've ever met
in my life if you guys haven't listened
to the podcast yet you really should
because my mom I'm not gonna give it
away but my mom gets real emotional
while talking to tear wrong and you got
real and I'm so uncomfortable you don't
do well with the mannequin no no even
know what tears feel like
oh great I looked over to it like Tara's
crying I'm tearing up and you're just
like I don't know waiting for someone to
make a joke nobody I had to make a joke
and play your video laughing it all okay
you know anyway the job is what she's
saving because we have hearts yeah we
care so yes if you want to listen to
podcast I'll put the links down there
and I'm so excited
high five yeah they went so well you
knocked it out I know I was like she's
not really gonna show up
why'd she say yes oh here I had a great
time you have a great show and your fans
are great and I would come back any time
oh my god rush every week kidding if you
guys ever wanted to know different
positions for pooping you should check
out this book kama Putra and this is my
favorite the doggy style I would just
like to thank Brittany for giving me
this on my birthday now what part of
this made you think of me cuz like every
blog you talk about gluings I thought it
was like shade that's true
and she got me a candle this is happy
fucking birthday cuz she knows how much
I love to fuck or how much I love fuck
that sounds how much I love the word
fuckers but that's fucking in what you
said you know I didn't know you'd suc
didn't know was it brilliant listen fuck
she said she said do you want a fucking
slip that's what I heard
so thank you for my wonderful birthday
presents why do you think I left fuck so
much because of you I don't know I think
you came out of the womb and yeah word I
think I came out of the womb and my mom
said Bailey and then you learned it and
then the doctor went fuck and you said
yeah so what are you up to I haven't
seen Brittany in so long just busy
I saw your Miley's food
you like to use my swimming pool for her
Miley I said you should have been there
oh you were making out with a dog a doll
I made out with that doll there was
tongue there's lots of tongue how did it
feel to be Miley girl okay that mm what
do I say about it I'm flabbergasted
Miley's elaborately I don't even know
that means it means confused dumbfounded
yeah so that's Miley yeah why
Miley boy hey question the day what do
you think it feels like to be Miley
Cyrus I'm gonna say great but she is
rich I'm gonna say it feels a lot like
this do you want to reenact some of
these can we do that one no way I want
to do this the wedding night oh my god
and you did not leave that oh she has
diarrhea
so it was just uh it'd be like she had a
big wet tail alright so I'm back home
mom who is still crying oh please
so my mom got emotional listening to
Terry I think it's because well you
explained it's just saying that you and
I would go to the movies just to take
away our pain you were probably 12 or 13
when we went and saw josie and the
pussycats and it was such a big deal for
us and it was how we would escape from
our shitty life because I was always
worried and worried about you kids and
how we were going to pay the bills and
buy food and all that stuff and if God
would have said to me don't worry
Theresa because one day Shane is going
to be sitting next to Terry doing his
own show and you're gonna get to talk to
her I wouldn't have believed it
don't get emotional well too late but I
think what this proves to me is that
when you were telling me that story
earlier and the reason I want to tell
you guys was because I know a lot of the
comments are like oh you know Shane your
videos take me away from my problems
takes me away from my pain my shitty
life whatever like guys I felt the same
way when I was your age like I we had
shared your life real shitty and movies
took me away there wasn't YouTube back
then and now it's cool that there is a
YouTube I mean I was gonna ask you about
Justin Bieber but we were talking today
on the podcast about what advice we
could give him to your mom what advice
would you give Justin Bieber who seems
to be going crazy right now that the
only thing that matters is your is your
family and your friends in Selena and
all these people that surround you it's
not lasting and I think he's just
surrounding them
for people that really are taking
advantage of the situation and one day
he's going to realize that the most
important thing that he had uses mom his
family the friends Selena Selena no but
the point is fine for some people it's
too late for them when they look back
well then I think what you need to do is
find Justin Bieber in Detroit Dada can
just cry with him well on that note I
hope you guys had fun crying with us
we had fun crying with you I love you
all Bubba's and I love you too and I
will see you tomorrow
hello and check out the podcast if you
want more crime and more more funny
conversations with Tara Reid and more of
me talking about things I shouldn't be
talking about to children check it out I
love the guy spike we're just showing
you guys right now Americans Canadians
can get along come on guys
your people are disgusting your people
well you guys put gravy on everything we
slid on price true let's start the game
all right okay first one would you
rather
