like it's a schedule book with a wolf on
it you can write down all your non-date
thing here you fucking virgin fun hey
guys I'm here with my youtube friend
Matt and we are doing the who's hair
your challenge we both lost slash one I
think I got you are you kidding oh yeah
you got me there but I got you I got you
here mine should like a heart kind of
we're the same it goes there yes I was a
Degrassi reference because he's Canadian
I'm very excited about this I know no
Canadians know bold is me um I'm their
Justin Beaver Drake Carly with Johnson
Drake there's that Drake Drake he's
black I'm planning to dragon but on that
no janae we're gonna we're gonna be
doing would you rather which is
basically we're going to read a bunch of
these gross would you rather x' and
hopefully agree on all of them since
we're the same we're just showing guys
right now americans canadians could get
along among us your people are
disgusting your people well you guys
cook gravy on everything we slid on
price true let's start the game all
right okay first one would you rather go
down on your grandpa or have your
grandma go down on you well my grandma's
dead so i would pick that one because
I'm really into weird dead shit I've
never had to suck a dick so I'm not
gonna starve it up go grandma but you
could start on an old man because it's
basically a vagina wrinkly so much so
much skin yeah it's pretty like this I'm
picturing it I'll see it now alright the
next one would you rather poop out
400,000 gallons of mayonnaise or one
ninja star oh this is easy mayonnaise is
that's like dumb I think pooping is like
the greatest feeling like hands down you
know what I like I like that he's gonna
open to the bathroom I know he's getting
I totally have this in my bathroom as
well
what's your poop telling you let's see
what a big wet whoo means I'm look at
that's how we poop holding hands I think
some of your called poo for you and soft
sir there we go it's what's called like
the image the doctor says that still is
liquid consistency can be varying huh
this is complicated
just tell me why it feels good it feels
good cuz you're really fucking gay
mine might have just made it up would
you rather drink a cup of your mom's
period blood or a cup of your dad's herb
well considering my mom hasn't had her
period in a while and my dad probably
has a cane which is why such an asshole
I'm gonna go with my grandma squirt well
my mom also hasn't done that thing in a
while I shouldn't okay no bleeding think
of you talk word too much a cup that's a
lot do you have to drink it from the
hose or do you get to like but also it
is it what's that like look I got
Canadian stuff like a pump yeah get out
every Canadian stick is like Yogurtland
sounds delicious
oh this one's too close to hook would
you rather eat a pubic hair sandwich or
a vomit milkshake I'm gonna go with
vomit no Ganga's vomit is just food yeah
it'd be the same was like blending gross
food together and just bringing it yeah
I'm Jeff done the pubes are just I mean
I'm probably you know
language we know someone don't call her
that
next question would you rather have sex
with is some Halldor or Lucas Hale I
don't know who these people are
all right well let's just go off looks
I'm gonna go with Ian because he's he
doesn't look like a 12 year old boy oh
really that's why I was gonna go with
Lucas teal comic secondly page a little
bit yeah a little bit broad shoulders
his neck is like but there's no like his
neck just goes up and then it's head he
does kind of look like a green finger
yeah I've had a couple fingers on my
butt before I'll shovel Lucas up there
too all right and last one oh this is a
good one
would you rather rape your crush and
know you won't get caught oh yeah or
never beyond that sense again what kind
of question is that okay okay okay so if
you're raping your crush and you're not
gonna get caught is that mean she's
sleeping or it is she actually secretly
consenting well I think she I think
you're one of those men in black things
but for rape oh I had one of those
I even everybody I mean with with that I
mean holy crap the possibilities are
endless but I feel bad afterward like oh
man I could have just asked yourself if
I had that good I know the answer
everybody's supposed to say is not be
able to have sex again because that's
like the stand-up quality answer yeah
but that's bullshit okay wait there's
results let's see people voted let's see
what they voted for oh oh oh
77 percent said
crush good job this is Amir all the guys
we had fun today
a question of the day would you rather
rape or not have sex again
leave your answers down a comment also
if you want to check out me and him
doing a really weird disgusting
challenge what we're calling it I don't
know American vs. Kim yeah what we'll
call that somebody's getting food shoved
in their face and it's not gonna be sexy
at all and maybe the bottom face as well
does your butt time hey I love Canada
I've been trying to figure the whole
time it's not coming out I took a piss
go check out his video okay I mean with
us we assign a review and I'll see you
tomorrow bye that was good was that
ah I'm just better than mine I got
practice today I'm wearing the gayest
shirt I own because I'm gonna be
reviewing one Direction's best song ever
I'm just kidding they're not gay I'm
pretty gay for listening to other music
and having their posters on my wall
