because I couldn't stop trying to shave
my mom upper lip when she would drop me
off at school and blow me a kiss it
looks like a hairy vagina with its
underwear off hey what's up you guys
me or Shane what are you doing I'm
taking over your life mm-hmm wait a
minute
you're saying you're gonna make all my
YouTube videos go to the gym for me and
take cornea walks
I guess that technically would be taking
over your life perfect you can have it
move away no I changed my mind your life
sounds terrible
no oh I'm kidding I have to live my
terrible life nobody else can live it
for me yay hey what's up you guys so
today is gonna be fun
I have a friend coming in from out of
town he lives in Canada is you two name
is Matt G 124 I don't really know what
the 124 stands for maybe how many times
me and him everyone oh I don't even know
what this is brushed teeth together
eight popsicles had a stroke while
coughing yeah whatever it is we had fun
so he's coming over we're gonna hang out
make a video whatever happens happens
you're not I'm saying Joey you might
want to click off this video or stay on
it if you want to get your heart broken
french fries in a microwave pie gravy
Canadian what are you Mexican yeah I was
talking about corny not you okay we are
doing some weird fucking videos today
with my youtuber friend who some of you
probably already know but if you don't
account of three what's your name how do
you know me and who's your favorite
NSYNC member go Matt you probably know
me from the internet or Canada and my
favorite member of NSYNC is the music
that was a member it was a big part of
that band yeah yeah and the tight pants
the ojung the pants the pants mmm take a
moment to think about that I'm gonna
leave you just think about that I
the bathroom all right your turn alright
my name is Steve you probably know it's
more on key knees on the internet and so
yeah favorite instinct remember anything
that's obvious and say just not really
is that no that means you don't know
Joey Fatone JP right there's that's not
even in worried wait JP isn't even know
what well JP is not what does JP me
didn't you profit tips at one point and
Joey Fatone is the best just say George
joy Fatone Mario me really cool me too
awesome how we wait you really people
because when I met you I was like I know
you why do I know you with me I know you
and then I figured out so what was the
video call dated it was like call me
maybe on chatroulette where I just
dressed up in a bikini and s around the
people on chatroulette
I watch it like a million pages half
naked I was wearing bikini bottoms give
me your best move best it was probably
just like contributing bikini I'm
wearing even how I see it
so that's just like generation it does I
got to keep readjusting but you should
get like tape this is like fucking tape
Wow do you want to back out how many
views to Beckett like 30 million no 1b
oh wow I danced in a bikini it would get
negative 30 good all right you guys this
is the moment we've all been waiting for
made him wear one of my shirts to really
claim him as my bitch and I'll be
shoving this beautiful pie that's
already been played with they said sex
feels like pie right cold and cheap well
if it's we're all getting the finger in
Lisa come stick your vagina in this
let's see if it feels the same long we
didn't we didn't cross swords on the
inside okay
oh that's true all right we're gonna do
this I don't want to give it away you
got to check out the video later but I'm
gonna get real dirty and real sexy
you missed his nipple that was fun no no
no oh oh yeah I'm at so late so wait
till tomorrow alright guys and get real
weird up in here all right so um well
maybe four or five years ago I found out
I had this like this talent some of the
talents more of a for MIDI hmm I think
like a really wide nostril and I can
just like look
huh I mean I love shoving these in my
nose but not like that far oh oh no I
don't look awfully like oh I don't think
I can
there's things just go in alright let's
see how far we can do it see I do a
thing called nose fucking which you guys
know about it's where I shove things my
nose till it itches and I sneeze like
okay you're going oh wait where's it
going then back your throat pretty much
ooh where did you learn this all
somebody viewed on the Internet you know
this is as far as I could get that's not
that far you went all the way in I can't
know you but my nose is so loose it's
like I know you're such a nose whore
it's a tense fair share of things just
going in and out
ona's there you go you're a bigger nose
whore than I am hey what kind of said
yeah it's cold in Canada you don't know
you don't get your thing frozen off so
what's going there do a double
penetration
oh no it tickles so much that's as far
as it goes in an Ellen oh yeah oh my god
this just got carried in my joy yourself
of videos oh my god oh I feel I feel
like I smell so many more things now
don't try that at home and if you do
film it and send it to me so I can watch
so I'm jealous are you what not only did
I have a new boyfriend today I had two
new boyfriends
they're cute I'll do it really I have
just given up hope at least if they're
very cute a nice and Canadian especially
you then without alright let's do this
five creepy relationships
I'm cutie nasal your deal picture up
you're the only man I want wait what
out of my face yeah well guys that was
my day
I'm trying to show them how lovey-dovey
we are they think we hate each other
love you you're my everything say yes it
has been a fun day full of craziness
fighting loving and pies in the face so
question of the day what youtubers
should I make a video with next I've
been doing a lot of collabs lately and
I'm having fun I think it's really cool
to make videos with people and like do
weird stuff so let me a comment let me
know who do you want me to collab with
and hopefully everybody says corny just
kidding you're useless you don't have a
YouTube channel you're nothing all right
you guys hope you have fun day with me
at funny with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
hi what is happening oh my god are they
doing it he's on his back like this and
she's just hovering over him smiling I
don't like this game I'm uncomfortable
