like it's a schedule book with a wolf on
it you can write down all your non-date
thing here you fucking virgin
hey what's up you guys it is Friday
which means it is time for me to stay
home all alone and play a game instead
of going our friends sing a movie in
doing something fun not that this isn't
fun it's not it's actually depressing
where did I go wrong in life oh yeah
everywhere alright let's get started you
guys wanted me to play sissy's magical
ponycorn adventure game which sounds
cute and it sounds like it's gonna be
fun and childish and magical in reality
and probably we start playing it and
then a creepy demon's gonna pop out or
Japanese girls gonna shit into a cup and
make me eat it because you guys don't
like to watch me play fun games you like
to watch me get fucking tortured just
like all the adults in my life that I
grew up with all right let's get playing
all right here we go Oh everything's in
crayon
there's rainbows everywhere there's a
crackhead who's really upset because
this crack pipe flew away there's
literally some kind of human centipede
this is gonna be a good game it's a
creepiest thing I've ever seen no I'm
not coming with you I fall into that
trap before no you can't that's what
they tell you they just want you to get
in their van
there is no rainbows there is no
rainbows what do i click I'm not
clicking on her I ain't going to jail
not what I'm clicking on him hell no
what's her alien x' on the walls is he
why is she happy about it he's sick
bitch don't give him a jar oh my god
it's one man one jar you don't know
where those jars have been I know where
they've been cuz I've seen one man one
jar what do i do do i touch the jars
I wish that was an empty jar for holding
pony corns that's an empty jar for
holding the inside of his body is this
gross supposed to be five or special
because she's very tall for a
five-year-old and she's smiling pretty
hard which makes me think she's special
all these rainbows look like sluts and
bright colored pants bending over I want
to go into all of them
that's a centipede that's a human
centipede I don't have to do with this
sorry twenty cord scared me now what I
can't get him out he's just stuck in
there what is happening oh my god are
they doing it he's on his back like this
and she's just hovering over him smiling
I don't like this game I'm uncomfortable
let clean the teeth out of her cage
well where's the key then bitch God
maybe it's inside of him she's sitting
on his face oh my god oh she just shoved
in her apples get out of here
let's try this one great a huge booger
or a true yeah I don't want to deal with
this my mom told me never to get
involved in other people's domestic
disputes I'm just gonna let them hash it
out by themselves
oh hell no I'm getting out of here I'm
not gonna be a part of this I'm not
gonna let this little girl get squirted
by old men's lemon juice get stuck in a
cage with Queen Latifah flip over a huge
booger this is sad
I don't like this game how does it end
if I just end it I've been in every
creepy room what does this thing mean I
guess goodbye peace out Girl Scout oh
now I get it
some parents force their child to draw
pictures and make a creepy story okay I
need to understand this what is this
donations donations for what is this
girl trapped in a box and you're gonna
let her out when she gets like ten
thousand dollars on Kickstarter buy it
on iTunes guys I'm uncomfortable I feel
really weird about this I don't
understand why is this man forcing his
daughter to make a game and draw
pictures and I don't like it I don't
understand if the girl was like dying or
something and like it was donations to
get her saved I don't think it is I
think it's just this guy's like hey I
want money unless all the money's going
to her college fund that I'm okay with
it okay let's not all right guys so I
just played sissy's magical you know
pony corn whatever question of the day
what should I play next second part of
that question how do you feel about this
game I am disturbed
should I be disturbed is it cute am I
missing the cute factor oh wait okay I
just found a link it says read the story
behind the game maybe this will make me
not disturbed anymore
okay okay anything it says that he is
putting the money toward her college do
I believe that no dude do I hope it's
true yes so um if you're watching this
man who owns daughter who made game
please give the money to college and
please save all these Pony corns I'm so
confused why they're all in cages all
right you guys hope you have fun hang
with me I'm funny with you and I won't
see you tomorrow bye I mean Courtney's
about to vomit coin is in a serious
depression right now I would rather
Khloe Kardashian a talk show fuck I
would rather Amanda Bynes have a talk
show
