so yes it's me Shayna Mac star Barbie
blonde bitch hungry 69 shut up chance
Jenner I'm sitting here right now
because I fucking love torture I love
watching train wrecks I love watching
people die that's why I watch the final
destination movies and this is better
than any final destination movie I've
ever fucking seen it's horrifying
it makes me sick it's funny for all the
wrong reasons so let me break this down
I don't know if you guys know this but
kris kardashian mother of whatever those
things are I guess they're people Kim
Khloe Kourtney kitty
Katie cock cock-sucking bitch with a k'
corny just kidding you were mine
she's a talk show why I don't fucking
know because she's famous for nothing
anyways it's called Kris and instead of
dotting the eyes with a dot she dotted
it with a heart because she doesn't have
one and the show starts with her walking
out on this set which is literally a
fucking mansion you know like most
talk-show sets are like small and
intimate there's like an audience just a
few people
whatever this is literally it looks like
a fucking mansion there's like servants
and Butler's and all these fake people
that work there standing around like Oh
miss Kardashian is anything you need one
she walks out into this like big
beautiful $10,000 chair sits down and
goes do you all love my set it looks
just like my mansion
crickets cuz nobody's laughing nobody's
smiling people are confused why are you
being like this bitch because guess what
nobody watching the show is sitting in a
mansion they are sitting in their
underwear like me with a dog on their
lap and a shitty apartment anyway she
goes on to tell us stories about her
occasion and how my favorite quote of
the show have you guys ever like needed
a vacation after your vacation because
you use so much on your vacation and the
audience is like no this bitch has a
nerve to say y'all it is so hard you
know like be rich like going to the
Bahamas like jet skiing and jumping out
of airplanes and and petting almost
extinct stingrays like it is just so
hard sometimes you need a break oh I'm
sorry Chris nobody knows what that's
like except for you
and like one population of the world
which is probably who's watching this
show 1% of the world because everybody
else is watching Wendy Williams because
that bitch is real and the other thing
that pisses me off listen I'm not like a
TV critic but I'm a human being so I
noticed this shit she's not even talking
to the audience she's talking to the
camera the whole time it's like okay
when you're watching a talk show ever
usually the talk show host is like hey
everybody how are you doing great great
hello people at home instead Chris is
just like hello everybody in the
audience how are you doing great great
anyways like literally makes no effort
to engage with anybody there she's doing
it now you could see her she's just
looking at me I don't want you to look
at me I want you to look at the people
in that room you bitch
I mean this fish need to go back to talk
show 101 she needs to take a class she
needs to take a class from Ellen and
Wendy Williams and even Jeff Probst who
can't host his way out of a toilet but
he's better than you oh now she's
Hawking skinny cow products and she's
like ooh doesn't this skinny cow bar
look delicious don't you want to try
this candy that I don't eat because it's
affordable and you can find it at
Ralph's
and I've never stepped in a fucking
Ralph's because I get groceries straight
from India and beautiful places I
sometimes I fly my plane to Jamaica to
get coconuts I'm sorry I need to calm
down guys I don't know why I hate the
car - it's so much actually yes I do
they're horrible people and I don't
understand why they have fans and I'm
gonna get comments like Shane I love the
Kardashians they're great I'm a car - a
fan I'm Kim's little car rash Ian's I
don't get it why are you fans of them
question the day do you like the
Kardashians and why and if you don't
like the Kardashians all you have to say
is nope and I will thumbs that shit up
so fucking hard and listen yes I might
be bitter the fact that I don't have a
TV show yet and I'm still pitching one
and it's taking forever and this woman
who is not even a human being
she is a shell of a person full of money
and the devil and she has a talk show
where she's supposed to be talking about
being normal and her normal consists of
talking about all her jewelry and the
millions and billions of dollars her set
costs I mean Courtney's about to vomit
coin he's in a serious depression right
now I would rather Khloe Kardashian have
a talk show fuck I would rather amanda
Bynes have a talk show I feel like I
have more in common with her than I do
with this bitch anyways I'm gonna go
guys
that was my random rant for the day um I
love you guys so much and hopefully one
day if I get a talk show or
any kind of TV show the Kardashians
watch it and make a vlog about how much
they hate it one can dream all right you
guys help you up fine hang with me I'd
funding with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
who the chocolate bunny
