hey what's up you guys we're wearing
headbands and we got puppies behind us
which means we're creepy
so speaking of creepy today is going to
be extra creepy so get your creepy hats
on and your creepy pants or don't wear
pants
that's creepy to put on some pants long
so today we're gonna do that dance
challenge now I made up this challenge
myself for you I know I'm excited this
is the first challenge I haven't stolen
from Joey Graceffa or a Joe Christmas
exactly so basically what I did is I
went on Twitter and I said hey guys give
me random words or celebrity names or
phrases and we're going to try to make a
dance move out of each of them oh no I
can only imagine what you got most of
them will not be used because it wasn't
really dancing it was a lot of other
stuff and out of about 20,000 words
there's about ten appropriate ones way
to go guys so get ready guys it's time
for the yes
challenge the first one is the bicycle
the keyboard
ha
jenna Marbles
Thank You Tube
the prison cell
ooh the chocolate bunny
oh god no the spire
the Beyonce
the amanda bynes blocks me on twitter
dance
the moist that's not really a dance
that's just me being really sweaty
because we're on shape the sharknado the
fangirls nope not gonna be that one I
don't want to piss mom
and last but definitely not least my
favorite the showy
so their guys go that was our dance
challenge feel free to do it if you want
embarrass yourself if you want to check
on me and Lisa do the singing challenge
where we take these same words and try
to make something about them check out
the channel also leave me a comment
letting me know what challenge you want
us to do next speaking to dance
challenges and speaking of Babel say if
you're a great dancer not as great as us
you're the best and you get into an
Pepsi's dance for a chance contests
basically you go and you watch this
Beyonce ad and you try to replicate her
moves in your own dance video you submit
it and you could win a trip to New York
to make a superfan video with Beyonce's
choreographer and you're gonna meet
Beyonce and see your concert so check it
out there's gonna be eight winners well
six cuz you know we uh we got the moves
papi miss Carter would you rather be
miss Carter miss Dawson miss Clark
dammit all right you guys I'm gonna go
hope you hang with us we're with
you and I will see you come by Hey
we're dancin we're saying goodbye
dancing that's what we do we date
one time my jump rope was so bad I went
to the doctors and they said it was
basically a third-degree burn not
because there is fire involved but
because my thighs were rubbing at a fire
pace
