today I'm wearing camouflage cuz that's
exactly what I did in sixth grade blend
it into the background hey what's up you
guys yes it is time again for school box
school bugs going back to school school
ah good luck I hate doing this please
God kill me right now school blood
reliving your childhood is something
that you should never ever ever do
especially if you're Britney Spears his
kid Thanks uh on that note let's go to
sixth grade so sixth grade is the first
year of middle school and I was very
excited because the name of my middle
school was to seal be to meal which is
the name of a big famous director which
is a huge step up for my last school
which was Helen Keller the name of a
huge deaf person so so far I'm winning
another fun fact it also has the biggest
percentage of special ed students so
basically I fit right in
I was really nervous about going to
middle school because I felt like I
needed to figure out who I was was I a
jock was I in ered was I a cheerleader
was IA lesbian because I sure look like
one so during the summer I tried to find
my style and I found it
it included really really slick back
gelled hair that was so hard to get tell
knock-knock jokes on it
Hawaiian shirts that I would button up
all the way to the top like a cello and
huge sketcher shoes not the cool ones
with the wheels on it unfortunately I
could not wear those because I exceeded
the weight limit so I was looking real
horrible
luckily the day before school started my
brother took me aside and gave me a pep
talk on how to be a pimp spoiler alert
it didn't work so in the first day my
mom dropped me off I was really nervous
she gave me a big kiss a big hug and a
huge lunch and as I was walking up to
the front gate I saw a girl with no
eyelashes no eyebrows really pale skin
and some kind of a twitch and of course
right away I was like you Animas make a
peg we must both get our asses kicked
we're both big freaks be my friend well
Bubba get married one day cuz nobody
else wants us it was love at first sight
and by love I mean I was not attracted
to her in the slightest but she looked
like she had a terrible home life so I
felt like we had a lot in common
the me and her walk around the school
and just kind of checked it out the one
thing I realized about middle school was
that it was huge and there was a lot of
walking involved which I was not
prepared for because when I was a fat
kid I knew that lots of walking meant
lots of baby powder down to my thighs
gotta keep it soft
lots of rubbing so for
after I went home that first day my legs
were like fucking raw because of all
that chub around literally every night
after school my mom would have to take
my pants off and like rub me down with
rash cream one time I jump rope was so
bad I went to the doctors and they said
it was basically a third-degree burn not
because there was fire involved but
because my thighs were rubbing at a fire
pace but hey if I was a boy scout I
could light marshmallows down there I
bet there's a patch for that anyways my
first class of the year was English and
I'm not going to give the teacher's name
away because she's already had a
terrible life and that terrible life
started on the first day of school in my
class first off I'm not making this up
you guys I promise I have people in my
life that can tell you this is true
everything I tell you is gonna sound
crazy and fake but think about it this
way look I fucked up this guy is he's
been through a lot and it's not fake
it's all real anyways the first day
class my English teacher tells us hey
guys welcome to middle school this is
gonna be a great year to me like so much
fine
ring ring ring just a second guys I'm
gonna get that it might be the principal
hello mrs. Furth what is he what he died
what and he died too they died together
motherfucker I don't think it's the
principal why does God hate me water god
guide my she sounds just like my mom
then she started screaming at the top of
her lungs jumped on her desk and
screamed fuck everybody and she ran out
of the room then the principal came in
to explain to us what happened hey y'all
my name is principal blank
hello brand-new students sorry that you
had to witness that basically what had
happened was you a teacher just got some
devastating news regarding her father's
death and her brother's death after
watching her father die I guess it just
freaked him out and he died so her life
is really terrible right now so she is
actually going crazy and doing donuts in
the parking lot waiting to kill herself
does anybody want to talk to a counselor
about this school box good luck coming
back to school I'm not making this up
guys okay I might be making it that my
principal talk like a hood rat but she
was black which I love but I'm not
making up the fact that my teacher went
mentally insane and to this day I don't
know if she's
and I feel terrible for her so if you're
out there and you're watching this I'm
sorry and you did this to me so then
after a few more classes that weren't as
exciting as that I went to lunch and
that is where my eyebrow free friend
showed me her group of friends which
consisted of a girl who had Bell's palsy
a boy who could throw up on command and
thought that was a fun trick and a big
fat black girl who was mute these are my
people speaking of my people at some
point in the year I decided to join a
group called best buddies now I don't
know if you know what this is so I'm
gonna explain it as politically correct
as I came it was a program to adopt a
handicapped person and pretend to be
friends with them and get extra credit
for it and I'm actually really fucking
loved it I joined it
I had my handicapped friend his name was
Carlos he was 8 foot 5 great basketball
player usually he was throwing cats
instead of basketballs but whatever I
mean him actually became pretty good
friends we went to the movies I got a
dose crowd it was great and actually
found a new passion in my life which was
helping other people I know you're
shocked I'm not a terrible person so I
was actually in that Club for all three
years of middle school I became like the
president of it I fought for special ed
students rights I helped organize dances
just for them which by the way there was
a deaf girl in the special ed class
named Mary girl could dance and I asked
her well I asked her I was like girl I
need a is that good and the teacher told
me that she dances good because she
feels the vibrations
I felt bad so at this point I was making
friends I was getting good grades I was
doing good deeds I decided to do
something for myself so I went to Weight
Watchers now back in the day Weight
Watchers was not for everybody it was
mainly for 45 year old women considering
I looked like a 45 year old woman I got
right it on a serious note though um
dieting was very very hard for me I did
it pretty much every year of my life up
until about five years ago I mean I'm
still doing it now but I'm not you know
counting points or anything but dieting
as a kid was really really embarrassing
and hard and I had like my Weight
Watchers point tracker thing at school
with me and I would always try to hide
it and I'd be like oh it's just a ruler
and then kids would be like they waste
their fiber written on it um because
you're bitch so it was a hard experience
although there was a plus I got along
very very well with my teachers because
we would both count points together I
would tell them about new snack foods I
found there were only hundred calories
and I was actually losing some weight I
think I lost like 20 pounds and then it
happened I got asked out on a date by a
girl who wasn't blind although I'm
pretty
she was a lesbian I didn't care I was
excited so she took me to my first dance
ever
and I'm saying she took me because she
was very strong and she probably
literally could have carried me you know
in movies when big people walk through
hallways it's like boom boom everybody's
grabbing onto the shit this happened
with her and it was not a movie this
bitch was bigger than me if I she was a
Meerut Oh
being a badges like me too we went to
the dance together we had fun we had
lots of snacks we danced at one point it
got romantic and she slid her hands
behind me as we danced slowly she
grabbed me and said ooh nice ass then I
had to tell her that's my back and then
she went though so that relationship
didn't go anywhere and then around the
end of the year we had to read an essay
in English class and it was what do you
want to be when you grow up
now I had already known I wanted to
direct movies and I was such a quiet kid
that I was kind of embarrassed to say
that but I said fuck it in the essay I
said I want to be a director I want to
make people laugh and I want to be an
actor and little did I know we had to
read those essays in front of the whole
class
so I got my big sweaty fat ass up in
front of the class I started to read my
essay and when I got to the part where I
said I want to make people laugh and
entertain them the entire class got
quiet they were not entertained and this
stupid fucking asshole in the front row
was like mega sloth and of course I
didn't know what to say the only jokes
that were going through my head were all
incredibly racist because I was raised
by an incredibly racist man so I was
like uh what do you call a black now how
many Mexicans can you fit in a known a
gay guy an Asian and a rabbi walk into
it oh god no that's terrible and then I
remember that special moment I shared at
the school dance with my big fat lesbian
girlfriend so I told the whole class hey
guys I got some action over the weekend
so I told everybody the story where she
grabbed my back fat but it was my ass
and everybody rubbed it in laughter
including the teacher who thought it was
the funniest thing in the whole world
and that's when I realized I didn't just
want to make people laugh I wanted to
make them laugh at me that's a terrible
lesson school dog school dogs coming
back to school
aren't you guys that is my sixth grade
experience question of the day what was
your sixth grade experience did you like
it did you hate it did your teacher go
crazy and try to kill herself leave me
some comments down there let me know
also if you want to see my experience of
kindergarten 1st 2nd 3rd 4th or 5th
grade
I'll put the playlist right here you can
watch all those videos and laugh at me
have said all right you guys I'm gonna
go I love you I hope you have fun hang
with me - hang with you and I'll see you
tomorrow I yeah what's up everybody we
rollin in the Escalade ha ha ha we got
driver why you gotta bitches in the
backseat once again mommy races
