happy birthday to me happy pop a happy
birthday
corny like it's not your birthday it's
my birthday yeah
don't look away wish me a happy birthday
well fuck you on your birthday you're
getting my shit and I'm gonna wrap it up
and I'm gonna put in your dog bowl and
you're probably gonna love it because
your dog and dogs eat shit damn it I
didn't plan this out right
hey that's it guys yes it is my birthday
I am 25 don't get me started I'm already
having a quarter life crisis I started
doing YouTube when I was like 18 or
something and now I'm 25 and I'm still
doing YouTube I still have long gay hair
I started wearing v-necks so I'm
changing a little bit but besides that
I'm the same guy no that tasted like a
man oh that sounded gay anyways yes I am
older now and not any wiser a little bit
grosser but I'm excited about the next
year of my life I feel like this year
has been awesome we did a lot of stuff
we started the fucking podcast which is
awesome I'm still pitching the talk show
which might happen so who knows I got a
website that crashed which by the way I
don't know it might be working now it
might not be working we're still trying
to fix it what can I say
you guys crashed my website and I didn't
even have to say there was Joey news on
it wedding so this morning Lisa made me
a sign and she made me cookies and she
did a bunch of cool stuff for me and
then she had to go to her friend's
wedding so tonight I'm gonna hang out
with Steve and Shauna and my mom Jerrod
and Kate and not you okay you and we're
probably just gonna go do something
stupid so come along guys I'm actually
not leaving for like a half hour so stay
here okay so I'm here I just got to my
mom's house she decorated the family's
here you're included in that cave
your family your adopted black child oh
speaking of black children Jared got me
this card wrong people on it you know
while you're eating watermelon I'm
let's not have a Paula Deen moment okay
and you wanted me to read his card out
loud
yo happy biz earth biz a my ninja let's
get in debt caddy cruise the strip and
pick up some hood rats give them a quick
20 and make them asses belly flop in the
poop and then you're out ha ha I could
be sent to my love right dark wait a
minute there's a shooting going on in my
house and you're not involved
stereotypes ain't right Shane what's
funny I didn't even laugh at that shitty
joke on my mom which means she is racist
no today my mom was like Shaunie you
should do gaming videos and shiny goes
why and then my mother's cuz you could
be like Black Thursday cuz i'm blair i
do not i said that barbie should be
black but you did say with a little bit
of a hood accent okay i'm lying a lot
mama - you know I love you or as a
person who's just on boy haha that sound
like Barbie yeah what's up everybody we
rollin in the Escalade hahaha we got the
driver by here with so nature jar we got
we got the bitches in the backseat once
again mom a racist didn't get so I got a
free rental car and they ran out of the
car I want admit instead they gave me a
big rapper's Escalade hey what the hell
hard as you want
well I'm going to Santa Barbara this
weekend so I wanted like a little like
you know top down like hair in the air
go to the beach woman I wanted pink and
steady to me bitch this is awesome but
not for the bees your first choice this
will be your first job solutely this is
incredible you have the only black
person his group without is gonna speak
it was his book and it's gone and she's
right about being the only black person
cuz whenever I go to her it has to
autofocus wait my camera literally was
popping that pussy are you talking while
you bitch not to everyone uh since
working out this is time to work it out
alright we're gonna try to get mom some
action Jared unroll her window hi mom
show the man what you working with you
cute little earring in the top come on
look what she's working with guys a
little go with a lollipop it's looking
yeah look at all the bitches in my house
I'm not talking about y'all or Donalda
goody unless it's all animals that's a
fucked up shit you know what I love to
do I really love farting and I have to
but I'm holding it I've been holding it
in all night
but what this is is me trying to force
Shana to do a challenge video because
she says that she hates challenge videos
and she thinks they're stupid and I
disagree no I did not set the concepts I
think you're stupid I hate them the
context was how supposed to shove out I
can't get my face which would be
hilarious
make arguably I will I was away that
your hair and your headband matches the
cake gotcha Shana eat a hot dog
challenge I mean damn y'all we scraping
the bottom of the barrel invest I listen
I'm gonna do a challenge and then you
have to do a challenge on your channel
fine
yes yes okay okay ready my challenge is
gonna be the dot what do we call it
doggy style blindfolded something we
called it doggy style I'm gonna close my
eyes one of the dogs gonna make out with
me then I have to get the two divas I
choose a dog you are going to guess
which doggy and then after that we'll
figure out what your challenges okay
guys this is the blind holding doggies
challenge where's the blindfold
it's the hostage ha ha ha sorry I went
real sexy it's gonna be super sexy wait
what dog was it I think it was Miley
that's tough you know idly tasted my
balls all right time for your challenge
uh it ain't gonna be that what'd I say
your challenge is we're gonna blindfold
you and then one of us is gonna kiss you
oh the blindfolded kissing challenge is
okay
all right ready all right here wear my
pajama bottoms these are not worn yet
correct oh wait no what are we doing to
check out the blindfolded juicing job
sure all right you guys question of the
day what dog do you want to make out
with as you guys know PFN hang with me
I'm funny with you and I will see you
tomorrow and everybody say goodbye hey I
can't wait to see you make out with one
of us ha ha you're gonna really enjoy
you guys later nothing's happening
you're fine girl calm down calm down
girl what happened oh no she did not
girl is that one's chatting with girl
you a much cuter and your profile pic
