hey what's up you guys it's Friday which
means we'd ice cream in bed til your
friends text you and they never do yes
it also means we're gonna play video
games and buy video games I mean really
shitty fucking computer video games that
look like crap sound like crap and/or
crap you know much about blame crap so
let's get started today's crap is called
Slendy Tubby's and i'm guessing it's a
mixture of Teletubbies and Slenderman so
it's something creepy and something
child molester II combined so it's me
before we start playing stick around to
the end of this video because I have a
big announcement I'm really excited
about it and I'm gonna make you watch me
play this game before I say it just to
torture you alright here we go
Slendy Tubby's oh my god it's like what
ringtone sound like an hel single player
oh my god one of them killed themselves
that's gonna be me by the end of this
game scary scary or scariest let's go
with just scary psych collect all 10
Teletubby custards that's unsexual
oh my floating oh here we go
okay come here little tub tubs right oh
my god that didn't scare me that was
just a fake tree haha alright if I was a
big creepy stuffed animal made to
terrify children and make them question
their sexualities where would I be
probably in my bedroom
come on this game is just as boring as
Slenderman hold on there's a chat
feature show chat oh my god a chat room
okay what do I say look nervous
ASL oh my god what if he doesn't write
back can I send nude pics
who am I talking to him I can be talking
to a Teletubby do you think I'll get in
the action I'm not walking am i stuck oh
my god what happened what's going on it
took us my chats open there we go look
at my little legs leg Lee lady legs this
is fun I don't know why people think
this is scary what are we looking for
again wait there's some Teletubby goo on
this tree I think there was a Teletubby
orgy nearby I'm getting closer come on
trying to climb the rock come every
character I get in these games are so
fucking lazy it's like they know me oh
my god wait what is that
what is
what's happening what's happening oh my
god wait no no I just want to talk let
me help you okay stop screaming
nothing's happening you're fine
girl calm down calm down girl what
happened oh no she did not
girl is that ones chatting with girl you
a much cuter and your profile pic
weapons with multiplayer who competitive
hell yeah I'll be competitive I don't
give a fuck collect all 10 telly tubby
custard I mean I'm never going to do
that connect as victim what does that
mean host as victim connect his victim
sure fuck it why not
can't see anything the helpless victim
has joined the game wait is that me
alright let's try to chat again dick pic
I mean I'm just gonna dry girl who knows
don't be greedy don't be greedy tubby
little tubby he's playing hard to get
alright I'll get to that later alright
there's no difference between this and
what I already played oh oh I found
something player has collected 1 out of
10 coq10 oh I'm hungry but I ain't that
hungry wait a minute there's a chat room
on the side oh fuck the game ok let's
jet whoo what should my name be hey baby
what's cracking boo it didn't work
logging through Twitter oh no I don't
want anybody that's following to know
I'm playing this piece-of-shit game
that's like social suicide I guess I
don't really care of people on Facebook
now I'm playing it let's do it alright I
just made an account
my name is sexy bitch and I don't know
how to get back to the game so let's
just check Oh somebody's already hitting
on me slime Panda what's up you slimy
motha fucka nobody's talking to me this
is embarrassing let's change chat rooms
alright here we go what should I say I'm
into everything
winky face I think I just made a hundred
gamer boys heads explode oh my god I'm
catfishing right now and it's delicious
damn it nobody's talking to me I
literally just said I'm into everything
you could do anything to me oh fuck it
I'm done with this
alright you guys I try to play slender
Tubby's it was boring just like
Slenderman I tried to chat in chat room
and get some action and nobody wanted it
basically the chat room was just like
real life now it's time for my big
announcement okay speaking of chat rooms
and speaking of talking to creepy s
people today I am launching my brand new
website slash fan forum slash don't put
porn there because I'll get arrested
place it's called SD army calm and let
me show you what it does okay here it is
umm okay I'm excited so I wanted to make
a place where you guys could
go and hang out with each other and talk
and be creative and do weird shit just
kind of a place to go after my videos
and be friends with each other so here's
the forum basically you know there's
news and all that boring stuff but here
you could talk about my videos you could
talk about TVs and movies you talk about
crazy shit you can answer my question of
the day I'll be coming in to in here
every day asking a question some
inspiration if you want to talk about
losing weight or you know surviving some
crazy horrible life you could talk about
that here and in my favorite section
which is be creative this is where you
could put all your fanfiction your
creepy shall we fanfiction can't wait to
read that shit here is a musician's
corner you can put in like if you've
written songs or you could put YouTube
videos if you singing you could put all
of that stuff in here this is are you
the next J Dawson which basically means
are you a useless nobody if you are here
you are because if you are this is the
place for you know if you like making
videos and you think that you could be
like the next youtuber then you could
post your videos in here talk about what
you like to do I'll be watching
hopefully all of those and then at the
bottom is teen trouble this is something
I really wanted on the website which is
if you're having problems or if you're
suicidal if you're cutter if you're
dealing with depression first of all
seek actual help but if you just want a
place to talk to other people who are
dealing with the same stuff I put this
section in here so you can talk to each
other give each other hope and
inspiration and I'll be in there to
chiming in giving little words of wisdom
so that's all the form stuff here is
members you can sign in with Twitter or
Facebook you can create an account if
you want and give them your email you
don't have to but that's an option if
you want then here is the gallery this
is what I'm really excited about so I'm
going to be putting pictures in here
that are not putting on Twitter or
Instagram or Facebook it's just like
special pictures just for the SD army I
want to put that in here you guys could
post pictures of you wearing my merch as
you dressed up as characters but fan art
in here you could put pictures of you
and your pets I'm going to be making
videos hopefully once a week and then
here is downloads there's not that much
in here right now well obviously it says
there's nothing in here right now but
there will be like wallpapers and like
pictures you can download and nudes okay
no nudes you can just Photoshop that if
you want so there you go that's my
website it's really fucking simple right
now I just want to make a simple one
just to get it out there hopefully I'll
be adding a bunch of cool shit later and
I kind of want to make this like a
community I feel like YouTube used to be
a community
it's kind of not anymore and maybe this
forum could bring that back you guys
could talk to each other and hang out
and do more than just bitch at each
other on Twitter you can bitch at each
other here but also hopefully make
relationships and friendships and it
would be really cool
also if you submit pictures in that
gallery I'm going to be using those
pictures and videos and I'm going to be
like making like slideshows of all my
favorite fan pictures so make sure to
use that that would be really cool I'll
do some contests who knows it's gonna be
crazy so there you guys go that is my
big announcement I'm really excited
check out SD army calm that's it I hope
you guys enjoyed hang with me I enjoyed
hang with you let me know in the comment
section what game you want me to play
next hopefully it's just as creepy as
today's and hopefully there'll be a chat
room where people actually want to talk
about fucking is it too much to ask
alright you guys I love you I'm gonna go
over to SD army hopefully you will too
see you later bye get at me ha ha ha
