hey what's up guys yes welcome back to
another creepy video now when you go to
sleep at night you turn off the lights
and you lay down your head do you ever
look over to see the closet is still
open and when you see that the closets
open does your imagination start to run
wild do you ever think maybe there's a
monster inside waiting for you to fall
asleep so they can attack are you ever
afraid to look over because you think
there might be two glowing red eyes and
darkness well that's what today's video
is all about my guarantor and play the
clock the fire is lit and it's almost
Drew's birthday it's on the paper thing
what are you most excited about about
turning 22 I'm excited that I'm going to
be a different person every way I don't
know I mean the lot songs about turning
22 month alerts left it's just so once
why did you update your payment birthday
that's very important okay so tonight
we're going to be playing something
called the closet game have you guys
ever played the closet game no but no
I've got two closets my apartment so I
know about clothing so basically what
we're going to be doing is we're going
to be going into the haunted room and I
can tell you something okay so at
nighttime I have to close my closet
doors I've done since I was a little kid
I think if they're open even this much
that like people from other dimensions
can get through so every single night
they have to be sealed sure after you
saw monsters me no not ever but I'm
afraid it's so like I do think that
closets are really really scary and as
an adult ask man I still make sure
they're closed well then this is the
perfect game for you because we're going
to be summoning a demon in my haunted
closet in my haunted room great let's do
it wait where you going
no way you have to stay up because we're
going to be summoning a demon in that
closet
great cheers oh we tell them about the
demon that we heard the other night you
know tell them happened know we're
upstairs sleeping and we're we ran
downstairs because it sounded like CHEO
was fighting something in that room yeah
and then we came down sir we didn't see
anything five minutes later it happened
again it was actually kind of terrifying
and then the other did Mario karts
removed
I can't you guys need to stop fucking
bringing humans into the South okay
what could nine only one more demon just
once okay are you guys ready to hear the
rules of the game yes I'm not much for
rules but I'll listen okay it says
warning the closet game is very
dangerous summoning a demon could result
in you becoming possessed or being
dragged into eternal darkness we
recommend that you do not play this game
okay
I'm with it eternal darkness like I you
guys are here or is it like I come out
and it's felt like a hundred years
you're Charles forever dirt I know I'm
just confused like where would I go like
Narnia I've never seen that movie but I
can hey there would not be good to be
stuck in that movie if ever there's like
Haskell test bball our members Tilda
Swinton seized by switch yeah there's it
yeah James McAvoy plays I have to have
personal board
okay first we need a book of matches and
a room with a closet did you bring
matches type of matches I have a really
hot friend like a lot of dating app
feels like a book of matches
oh god ah where did you get those
matches from why do you have a book of
mattresses I don't remember I've had him
in my car for a long time and I'm
actually glad to take them out because
it's really hot right now it's
summertime and I keep on thinking about
this is how much is work but I keep on
thinking they're gonna light in my
collar and blow it that actually does
happen does it really I don't know but I
do know that sometimes if you wear like
a sweater that's like fluffy and then
you touch it and then you get gas you
explode look it up I used to be able to
light matches on my teeth try it it's
not going to work it has to be a hard
match it's just stupid oh you know kind
of miss the business I'm not you know I
was just a mattress someone in your
family died from that sweater thing had
to talk about it like whoa did you know
over there that would be crazy I
remember every time my mom would be
Cassidy like she's gonna blow up every
time my mom left the house I'd be like
she's dead okay Garrett come on keep
sorry I'm just I tried it's not working
this bad way though
yeah I've seen anyone will try it I'm
scared just do it
right on fire you're gonna die Shane
what are you hoping for that your cue
sketch on fire but that's all that could
happen no it's not working you know oh
wait you closing like I'm scared I just
want it I got I got it maybe light it on
your arm my arm why would my other guys
what are we doing
wait wait wait wait wait let me try my
wrist because I have a nice scar here so
maybe because it's different than
regular spin right if that worked
you're a witch do you think I'll get ad
taken down like we try on your pants
that's what I'm doing look I'm trying
oh no I'm asking is are sometimes gonna
get change the video so it looks like
I'm instigating guy not even here oh
well that was fun we're closed again
right all right let's go to the closet
room and read some of these rules are
you still trying to like that on my
other question - well I don't we have
why doesn't the matchbook have a thing -
like can you talk about that now it does
so why are we using that we were just
being invent oh we were just being dumb
and wasting time all right you want to
go in first
I don't like this I thought you meant up
in your room by the way I didn't tell
you I was talking to Rylan earlier in
the video about this did I tell you
about the demon in that room situation
no please tell me well I'm not going to
bore them because I already told them
but yeah the other night cheeto was
going crazy in that room like sounding
like he's being attacked you told me
that the demon literally moves those
ones on Mario yes across the room so
that's not great
so let's going to rip chain how can we
do this in your room where there's only
slightly less violins asleep oh good
right I don't wanna wake them up with
math get to debt send someone here yeah
it's dark
wait did you trick me I always think
you're going to be like turn into a
prankster blogger
we like you might want to situation now
go ahead feel tonight okay with me a
pretty mobile closet it's Alex's present
no matter what they're not for me and I
know it's what she is this was bring
Experian I don't know I don't know what
that is like it was yours
yeah oh my god forgot about why I did
what I I put it on his present for his
birthday yeah I walked in my room and
his ass was out and he was just checking
his phone cuz he's trying to fart if you
can get mad now he'll be fine
wait I just want to wonder like I don't
want this to be disrespectful but what
might it wait like as it's coming ahead
like like his butt slit oh wow that's
awesome
I love that look at that that's really
peaceful actually beautiful the glitch
okay so what are the rules okay take the
both matches and go to your bedroom
bitch bedroom such a drama all the
lights in the room the room must be in
complete darkness if there is a light in
the college but make sure it's all don't
shame you in what is still behind me
open the door open the closet door step
inside and close the door behind you
stuck for standing the darkness for
approximately two nets facing the closet
door Steph I take one match hold it in
front of you and say showing the light
or leave me in darkness
step 6 listen very carefully if you
begin hearing faint whispering like to
match immediately if you don't hear
anything and the match does not ignite
on its own then don't turn around even
if you do not like to match fast enough
after hearing the faint whispers you
will feel something grab you from behind
and dragging you in Christ
you're so stupid you'll still don't
think Rab you from behind and drag you
into eternal darkness
step 7 keep the match list do not blow
it out if it accidentally goes out
immediately light another match except
it holding the lit match in front of you
open the closet door slowly and step
outside do not turn around close the
closet or because you do not look inside
the closet from now on you must make
sure you always have to lie
when you look inside the closet if you
leave your closet open during the night
with the lights off you will see the
demon watching you with two red eyes
that glow up nurses I'm not bullshitting
you do you ever when I told you like
about the demon in my closet or and how
I think that he'll come out yeah so he
if I leave the lights off Mike if the
lights are on it's safe I can leave the
closet doors open but it's like if the
lights are often has to be closed No
okay well that's real okay okay so
you're going first right yeah I guess so
I'm going to set up the camera over here
this way we'll be able to see you and
also the demon okay so basically if you
hear whispering to like the match and if
it goes out you light it again and then
you walk out if you don't hear anything
then I think you're fine you have to
light it and then you just wait a few
seconds to me I think the thing I'm
entering an actual fear of mine that
I've been maintaining for 20-something
years this is insane that's not let's
live my nightmare
show me the life would leave me in
darkness
you yeah I hated it look
did you know anything yeah I think it
was an actual fear of mine and I can
hear whispers I don't know if it was my
mind creating them or if it was actual
whispers but if something actually comes
across on the camera I'm going to lose
my shit were you whispering at all
no you weren't drew real you guys make
sure 100% nothing was on screen all
right my turn oh this is scary get it oh
okay alright whatever ghost is in my
house if you want to say something to me
now is your chance
what do I say again okay show me the
light or leave me in darkness boo boo
fuck
so I didn't hear whispering I just just
felt like what seems like a breath on my
neck
yeah it's not good oh I don't want to
scare drew the demon said where's drew
daughter of the demon descendant in wait
you heard whispering I felt like a
breath on my neck but it could have just
been some well there's no vents in here
okay and the doors were closed and the
a/c is not on whisper okay all right
yeah pretty quick sir
wait I have an idea I'll do it together
okay all right one final time so we're
all in here oh god what's carried your
pocket uh okay we go away I'm scared
okay let's wrap away on the contrary all
together get one to show me the light or
leave me a darkness just left a little
sound it's not lighting here wait
I wish hearing loss a little sign I
heard a lot of weird little creepy
sounds like it could be rats God so I
just felt a breath on my neck you heard
a little whispering drew phone nothing
well out of things like stuff but wait
what do you mean spiderweb energy like
but it could have been some of the light
weight you were singing but we won well
I always see some color from the air
sometimes life you know energy ever
since I started talking to you about I
know oh my god that's so cool I don't I
mean definitely was creepy you guys try
it at home if you want to sketch it out
yourself but um I don't know I feel like
the next step for that room is to like
full-on demolish it
let's light it to the ground no I feel
like we need to like go full force on
that room I think we need to bring in
like Ouija board
psychics Ghost Hunters have a sacrifice
like really like that room out become
professional yeah well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoy like a creepy video
guys do you feel safe I'm thinking about
- sleep tonight a little bit and if
they'll show up later but I wouldn't
think I did they wouldn't do that okay
all right yeah I feel safe especially
custer's birthday that's a good energy I
feel like has birthday energy Ward's off
the spirits guys if you want to play
this game please do and post a video of
the you playing closeted game also give
us a thumbs up if you want to play more
creepy games or portal more haunted
locations I have a game I wanna play
with you guys next time
I'm not going to give it away but it is
going to change a little I want to what
spin the bottle we're going to just like
all to make sure to go over to Garrett
and Drew's channels they both have brand
new videos up right now go take a lap
subscribe and yeah okay hope you guys
had fun get creepy with us we have ugly
agree with you I see you in the closet
hey guys so just an update it is hours
later and I came downstairs to grab
something from the bathroom and I looked
in the room and all of the closet doors
are open all of them and these ones
never open like their shift locking them
and those are even open so uh wish me
luck
