is around in the
when I came on so
my hair's looking natural row it look
natural row bag night baby hey guys
yes I'm rocking the penis haircut today
because you know what I'm ready for a
change and you know I'm ready to stop
straightening my hair that's a lie I'm
ready to stop straightening my hair for
a day because I'm lazy as fuck and I'm
ready to give this a try question of the
day
what should my next haircut be should I
shave my head should I do this good I
cut it really short
should I get extensions should I look
like amanda Bynes you're just as crazy
as a man if I shut Emir Shane speaking
of crazy Joey is on his way over we're
gonna film a collab video I think this
is gonna be the fuch challenge balls in
my mouth challenge is for some reason
I'm cleaning the house infrared you're
getting it ready you could just you the
loop out you did don't be mean to me all
the comments say that we're gonna break
it's true guys hashtag we're breaking up
hashtag she says no longer there's Pete
all over the floor you should probably
get that anyways
hashtag buy shisha house check I love
you hashtag you're an angel has check I
just farted over there can you smell it
yeah corny guess what I can see your
vagina guess what else I guess your
boobs guess what else I like it creepy I
know well I get creepy with everybody
which reminds me did I mention Joey's
coming over you love hashtag Joey
look corny no corny stop saving these
lips for somebody else well yeah
corny saving is let's do somethin else
uh hey before Joey comes over guys I
forgot to tell you guys a brand new
episode of the podcast is up right now I
am me and Lauren interviewed this girl
named acacia acacia Brinley and she's
like popular Instagram and I was like oh
cool talk to her about Instagram stuff
then I tweeted that us interviewing her
and you guys freaked out oh my god I
hate her and oh my god she's crazy oh my
god she posted new pics so much shit
that I did not know so let's just say
guys this podcast is probably the most
controversial episode I've ever done so
you might want to check it out I might
be talking to a fifteen-year-old about
nude pics if you're the police don't
check it out so I'll put the link down
there it's on soundcloud and itunes for
free so go download it and give it a
thumbs up in it and a fucking five star
and Kourtney will lick your pussy so
proud of you fucking creeper I'm proud
of you too
you just fart on me oh my god he's
looking through my computer history he's
going to see I feel like God I don't
know what you're talking about
those are nigga pictures Alicia and I
mean that I might have photoshopped your
head onto oh how weird if I like how to
bag with his face on it I put it over
you oh so we're here we're gonna film
some kind of fucking stupid video I
don't know what is it called I think
we're doing the tumblr tag we're gonna
go through a tumblr called hi god I
already have some good ones
so the tumblr tag so basically we're
gonna go on tumblr and he's going to
show me some really creepy shit like
that and then there's another challenge
we're talking about called a sex
position challenge yeah the later
challenge accepted so what is that
challenge I think we're just gonna do
like totally naked there needs to be a
theme we're kind of matching a little
bit oh my god
we could go shopping we could get yogurt
for you just tasted my balls and you
don't even know your knee - hashtag
journ√©e oh my god oh it's really does
and she loves that she can't control
herself damn it Joey every one of my
life loves you hahaha
even my mom she loves oh my gosh tag
Jane Jane's mom alright so now we are
sitting on the couch doing something
that I've never heard of which is called
face tuning which basically Joey takes a
picture of us right and makes me look
beautiful like a beautiful asian girl I
guess other youtubers are using this on
Instagram to make themselves look pretty
and I am NOT I am NOT opposed to that I
am all for that get rid of this and this
and this make these white just make me
look like you show them what you're
doing oh my god yeah you need like a
skinnier nose hey don't with my nose
thing like being a plastic surgeon
office I'm making your eyes bigger let's
pull up those lips so pretty right this
is really disturbing and I put hashtag
no filter yeah going to don't worry oh
my oh god you like
smiley face like a : d what hello :
capital D I thought you were the
Internet
well we'll do a quick before and after
after he's done and just see how pretty
we got all right time for the big reveal
at 4:00 and you know what no we look
good no we don't look at her eyes
they're so pretty
hey it was before good like ill boring
yes super-boeing
gross yeah sexy time to post an
Instagram hashtag no filter
well guys at the end of our day it
consisted of me and joy making creepy
sexual drugs to each other and then
sitting on the couch for hours looking
at Instagram and making us look prettier
so question of the day today to do a
question today you do it for a video we
sound drunk
hahahaha this is my father you quitting
no this is just for my personal videos
okay question of the day guys if you
were drunk who would you want first
smear jelly first for what first first
first first to play pattycake if if by
patty cake you mean slapping your legs
together instead of your hands oh and
also I already said this earlier but
guys please check out the podcast
interview with Akai Shia is up right now
and by the way I'm going to be doing a
live podcast at VidCon and I might just
have a special guest there might be able
to see Shoei in person
oh god we're gonna be a letdown bring
that face tuner so yes if you're going
to VidCon uh I think we're doing it on a
Saturday or whatever I don't know I'll
tell you guys I do I love you - hang
with us we have funding with you and
we'll see you tomorrow
hey ah dammit being your favorite bra
dumbass what is it if you all be ever in
your favor
goodbye you're supposed to catch a boy
I'm supposed to get the fucking black
shit see how he talks to me I know the
cameras off visit now he talks to me
haha don't you guys see later I don't
remember you roofie me oh yeah that's
right i roofied you and in Shauna came
in she ate my head Matty do this it's
making me uncomfortable and I've done a
lot of dumb
