haha hey what's up guys I'm excited
because I'm on my way to go do a cameo
in my friend Bart's video he's doing a
spoof of Miley Cyrus as we can't stop he
was in my spoof he played Billy Ray
Cyrus and if you haven't seen my Miley
Cyrus spoof yet then what the fuck is
wrong with you anyways I'm playing
Amanda Bynes in his and I can't wait to
get my cheeks pierced and get my brain
removed also Sean is gonna be there I
think she's gonna be twerking and Joey
Graceffa is gonna be there alright and
he's gonna be playing Miley Cyrus's
boyfriend so it's gonna be a sexy black
gay hot time and that's just cuz I'm
going guys I just got to the video shoot
and guess who I found Joey Graceffa
that's not I just like if you took his
hair threw it on the couch I showed in
Argentinean I'll skip the motherfucker
you saw his hand you were that girl that
would make him use a beautiful man Joey
Graceffa I know we've met but you are a
beautiful fucking man and I want to be
on top of you sexually one day what
would you do to him if he was right here
I probably would start my stroke in him
gently from the lower parts I wouldn't
start at the top because the top is so
pretty I don't feel like you should
touch it oh the bottom I haven't seen so
I'm assuming it's not as pretty so it's
hairy I don't know if I liked it here
he's hairy like me people don't know
that he waxes his chest but I've seen
some stomachs and pube action yeah well
then I think I'll just look at his
pretty face
alright oh my god how much I want to be
that brush just want to spray all of her
chills
I'd make him open his mouth I was just
in the bathtub playing with this
massager I don't just plan Oh
do you like my makeup I did notice for
you I know you like jenna Marbles so I
wanted to we hate to see you go but I
love to watch you walk away yeah yeah
yeah hey guys you're fucking ugly but
you're not you actually called me ugly
on Twitter you fucking whore I did know
that then you wrote back and said you're
crazy and then I wrote back thanks for
having my back girl because you're a
fucking bipolar Twitter or fake you're
gorgeous
Thanks the Obamas though are fucking
black and lows I tweeted that I'm not
making that up I actually do that they
are hi anything else yeah uh yeah so who
are you
Miley Cyrus but I'm actually a my I
really kept my mom gave me when I popped
out Bart my name's Bart Baker and I play
trannies a lot so deal with it he
doesn't oh my god this is the jenna
Marbles be like it's just 400 pounds Hey
oh no he he makes videos like I do check
him out check me out yeah I'm gonna baby
oh by the time this goes up you're gonna
have already seen both of our videos
yeah if you haven't you haven't there's
a lot of it or one yeah a lot of x-rated
shit
hey that's Amanda Bynes yours are all
fat and ugly and gross and not as famous
as me you also don't have as many herpes
gonorrhea STDs or cum in your thought
you also probably have good parents and
no magical mess except for you Miley
alright show me how to work this bear oh
let me work yeah I get my stuff teddy
bear and I twerk it oh this is just too
far that's a child I went missing Roger
whit were both actually was eating me
out and then he was going up my body and
then I'm like stop that man and he just
kept going I had that's like she's know
what happened what happened I don't
remember you goofy me oh yeah that's
right i roofied you and then Shawna came
in she ate my head that dude dude it's
making me uncomfortable
and I've done a lot of uncomfortable
things oh my god
Joey's drinking he's drunk that's an
alcohol oh my god I don't even know you
anymore if you think it's really drunk
he'll think I'm actually amanda Bynes
and fuck me I might have to give him
something extra
oh hey hey that's my sister
I usually hate black people and I think
they're ugly but not her I like her
OOP insulin heh I don't even know where
they are
oh really attached emo boyfriend feel
like you guys are very used to me
wearing makeup I don't think there's
anything I could do or put on my face
that would surprise you guys not even
Joey's balls at this point which by the
way next week me and Joey the bald
challenge coming soon I'm kidding
but maybe not so yes I'm just getting
back from that music video shoot which
was insane I thought mine was insane
that was more insane so check out Bart's
music video I'll put the link down there
also check out my Miley Cyrus music
video if you haven't seen it yet but you
fucking have it I will fucking kill you
but if you haven't seen it yet check it
out a question of the day what music
video should have spoof next what's
something that you guys are really
liking right now please don't say Selena
Gomez come & get it
Selena I get it I mean I don't want it
but I get it stop asked me to come for
it
alright you guys hope you have fun hang
with us I'm funny wait us sorry I'm
still my Amanda Bynes mindset I hope you
had fun hanging with all of us because
we all did not have fun hanging with you
you're fucking ugly and gross by looking
believe I touched you I'm just kidding I
love you and bite through something at a
picture of Bill Clinton and then said
I'm a WoW I'm a WoW kid
