and they only hang come on it cuz I
again I'm free later on ready tweeze
Shane explains Shane explains
sure you don't splurge fangirls
there should be like a really cool
graphic right here with like an
explosion but it's Saturday so I'm lazy
so it's just my empty nasty and all
these warts on my neck you're welcome
hey guys so today is Shane explains and
if you don't know what that is then let
me explain it to you give it anyways um
every Saturday and by every Saturday I
mean like once a month because I'm lazy
I want to do a video that's unedited
where I just sit here and talk to you
guys and I explain something that I'm
learning about right now I'm learning
about a term that you might know as
fangirl Urban Dictionary says that thin
girls are and I quote a rabid breed of
human female who is obsessed with either
a fictional character or an actor um
fangirls I have been experiencing not
myself because I don't really think I
have fangirls I think I have old men who
find me womanly and maybe some young
girls who should not be watching me who
found my videos because they thought I
was Justin Bieber in the thumbnail and
then they clicked on it never like oh my
god that's not just me but besides that
I feel like my audience is pretty normal
but if you take a Justin Bieber and you
look at his audience there is a lot of
urban dictionary put it rabid human
female beings who they put are between
the ages of 10 and 20 let's go with 5
and 12 that's probably more realistic so
I was on Twitter the other day and I saw
that Justin Bieber peed in a mop bucket
and then threw something at a picture of
Bill Clinton and then said i'ma wow I'm
a wild kid oh wow sorry that wasn't luck
enough yo I'm a wild kid ha Justin
Bieber
um and it got me thinking about what his
fans were gonna react like how were they
gonna react to this so I go to Twitter
and I type in Justin Bieber piss a lot
of stuff came up lots of good stuff but
a lot of other stuff came up and
fangirls were saying things like oh this
was six months ago guys Justin Bieber
has changed he is a different person now
this is so long ago haters be hating
haters hate hate hate six months is
nothing
motherfucker six months fuck it what is
it today July six months ago I had just
released my Christmas music video
how much has changed since then nothing
oh I mean has anything your life changed
no me neither
great I have eye makeup on right now
that was a mistake don't ask why I have
that that's the only thing that's
changed I have these which keep getting
bigger so fangirls not only are obsessed
with somebody but they are delusional
when it comes to like their Idol needing
help now if you like Justin Bieber
that's fine he's a he's a good singer
he's a good dancer he's a good lesbian I
don't know he's great
so I like him too that's great but when
somebody you like starts doing crazy
fucking shit how do you ignore that if I
listen let's be honest if I was pissing
and random people's stuff and throwing
hamburgers or Barack Obama you would
probably start a hashtag let's say Shane
Twitter FIBA thing right I hope so I
hope you'd have my back and be like damn
Shane you need help if I started
tweeting everybody that they were ugly
like amanda Bynes
hopefully my audience in my fans would
be like hey Shane let's kidnap you and
save you and take you to a psych ward
Justin Bieber's fans are totally doing
the opposite of that they are almost
there ignoring the fact that he needs
some help and they are making it worse
because they're all tweeting him being
like you're perfect Justin just the way
you are baby you're the best for the
best when in reality I think he means
somebody to tell him otherwise and I
think he needs a good friend or a good
mom or somebody to be like hey beats hey
baby baby let's chill maybe you
shouldn't drink
Morse's or tonight maybe you should stop
you know like throwing your piss at
objects and let's just like stay in and
watch a movie need some munchies like
maybe that's what he needs
so I think fangirls if you're watching
this but you're probably not but if you
are remember that you are not just a fan
but you are an enabler and if you want
to stop doing that
then why don't you tweet Justin hey I
love you I want your babies I want to
marry you
PS you know chill take a break maybe
like take a week off like go to church
or Quiznos do something normal because I
think a celebrity like Justin Bieber is
so used to things that aren't normal
that they kind of forget what normal is
so that's me explaining fangirls and I
don't know if I explain fangirls or
Justin Beiber whatever I explain there
you go hopefully you understood it and
hopefully you can help me with these so
question of the day what do you want me
to explain next or another question what
do you think about fangirls are you one
what are you obsessed with are you
obsessed with One Direction Bieber and
all these people are you obsessed with
youtubers and also if you are do you
agree with me do you think that you
should maybe like try to help your idol
instead of enable them let me know I
love you guys say murder hope you like
the Miley Cyrus spoof because it was a
lot fun to make and I hope you liked it
yeah I'm gonna go but well with what's
this like a little wrestler oh I like
that you're into some kinky shit Oh
