like dancing with leg training getting
slapped with and overhead I like making
out with hey what's up you guys yes it
is Friday which means it is game day but
I decided to switch it up a little bit
today and why not play a game with my
girlfriend my mom so have you ever
played games before never
only when you had me do something
recently and you were better at it than
I was
so let's see if she's better at another
game called can yo pet have you heard of
his eyes sure that is a no my mom is not
12 years old she is not an Asian girl
now if it said housewives of something
I'd be all over it yes well that's
definitely a game and they're all losing
and you're losing just by watching
alright so here we go me and my mom
playing can yo pet okay sister Oh start
so like maybe push and I push start yeah
oh so you give it a name it is that
thing it's a testicle what would you
name a testicle haha well it's just
gonna have to be Bob that you're gonna
name it haven't seen one in a while all
right so this is Bob okay so this is Bob
okay so down here you can use start at
the bow and then you move over and you
do little things with Bob oh so now I
pick out and pick a bow for Bob yeah do
you want Bob to be a girl what boy and
see what this is oh I gave him green
hair all right all right I like that I
know you have to do eyes Bobby oh oh
eyes no it's just hair again oh oh okay
so right now he looks a little bit
stoned yeah yeah so what do you want to
do it up let's let's dilate his eyes now
he looks really solid yeah yeah I like
that that looks like you after one of
your pills
haha well what's what's this like a
little wrestler oh I like that you're
into some kinky shit I like that
all right next enter it yes oh he's
smart now he's smart gay and creepy
he's me okay now next one I'm ready to
move on yes Bob oh all right okay wait
wait okay so hold down on it and then
throw it to him you know how like when
we when I was a kid and you fed me too
much that's what you're gonna do to Bob
that was grandma not me all right so I
Drive wait till oh come on and give it
to ya see look there he is emotional
emotional emotional yay I really like me
okay now now am I gonna shave them
Sanjay you gotta keep giving him food
until until these people or hey hurry up
odd Wow being a mother is hard I do not
have patience for this come on Bob let's
get that sucker to the table okay Oh are
you ready to watch him yes he just gotta
make sure it gets on him
Oh Oh once it was his eyes doing he's
really enjoying it
his what he's washed now no yes take it
anymore watched Oh make sure it yeah
okay come over here Barry oh hello
so now he's all wet now he's gonna work
out
sit the F over to him okay and bounced
it and just keep doing that
I guess balls on his head you good at
that okay oh now he's ready to ride a
bike
nope he's not ready to ride by oh oh oh
I just kill them oh my god and he's in
pieces she that's disgusting I feel like
I'm in Hell now what's again look what
you did oh look what you did look what
your mothering skills did you killed Bob
this is gonna give me nightmares
why did you do that this is Tara this is
ugly but listen to the song
well there you go you killed Bob okay
like he's in a can
oh Lord I'm gonna have to do more get it
can your pet Oh
oh that's terrible oh my goodness today
guys go that was my mom learning how to
can her pet depress well so we're all
the kids playing so it's fine
oh your favorite part uh giving him a
getting him an outfit what was your
least favorite part well when he got
sawed up
it was awful you weren't really you
really weren't expecting honey I don't
know this done of course I wasn't we
thought I just gonna let you have a good
old time I thought he was ready to ride
his bike now no well that that made me
kind of like sick to my stomach what
question of the day guys not only what
game should I play next week but what
else should I show my mom what other
games should she play and I just have a
lot more fun I think in Grand Theft Auto
ooh that's where you get a beat up
strippers oh I'm there alright you guys
hope you have fun hang with us we have
fun hang with you and I'll see you NAT
Amaro oh by the way brand-new video on
my main channel right now it's a Miley
Cyrus spoof of I can't we can't stop and
it's fucking crazy and you're gonna like
it yeah I'm ready
there's gonna be no dancing you guys
later so one day I came to school with a
bright orange ugly obviously a woman's
shirt there's a big fat cartoon duck on
it putting its arms like this coin you
quite Mia
