kids time for bed shut up bitch
I wanted to force you want to be
emancipated yeah we got paper plates a
bowl full of cotton and a big spoon you
know what that means we're getting
naughty I was gonna say Paula Deen is
here pick pick pick
yes we're gonna do the cotton ball
challenge you guys wanted to do this and
I don't know like it's fucking stupid
and we're fucking stupid so it's a good
pairing perfect so basically what the
challenge is if you haven't seen it much
other stupid fucking people do this
stupid fucking challenge it is where you
a stupid fucking plate on your head and
you take a stupid fucking spoon and you
put the do fuck its food in a big bowl
to fuck on and then you try to put God
on your fucking head you too fucking
stupid oh by the way I frets say you're
fucking stupid blindfold this alright so
grab the blindfold wait we're gonna up
the ante though okay like we have to
have a winner or loser situation
okay the loser has to try anal okay I'll
try something else the loser I got okay
the loser has to dress up in the winners
clothes and you a sexy dancer oh my god
okay deal
I mean if I lose I still win because I
got some sexy moves and if I win I
really actually lose because I have to
watch you dance my clothes alright 50
shades of shame hold me tight
oh no I don't like nose play I love it
you bros say butt and get smelly poop
okay let's do this where's the cotton
balls the game is it oh let's pretend
like we're fucking blind
you're pretty where's the ball okay I've
heard about that
here's your balls okay five scoops is
easy I don't know why people are like
this is a big deal
Oh as a la it was yeah I see you dancing
a my ninja turtle shared my whole you
know stinky - no alright number three
oh yeah oh shit I can feel why don't we
like this already
wait I'm just gonna pretend like I'm at
cold stone I'm gonna get all that
goodness ah scoop C scoop see I felt
that it's not fair I get a do-over and
boom now I get account it really good
you took them L know I really yes you
did yes you find good I didn't I was
like yeah I do
rewind because I went like that and then
you said I felt that and that's it and
the rest were on the floor side victim I
put in there for real legit we wanted if
you need to I have way more than this no
you did it yes I did it did it yes I do
no you didn't count it you can rewind
the tape 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
well it's really 24 she's lying
oh my god okay my turn can't wait to see
how to do I'm going on you're terrible
handling also I'm sure film is ER yeah I
have no experience I've only dealt with
teeny tiny microscopic one's kind of and
asked you to do this to me
ears you're gonna do something
inappropriate I'm not gonna do anything
I don't know what you're talking about
you're cheating already a gay guy and I
don't trust you in the slightest you're
you're done you're doing about no you
don't have to have the plate balancing
on your head then sync up challenge guys
are you impressed I feel like that was
none I'm not gonna tell you but I am
gonna tell you that you're gonna love
wearing my olya
I left a big stain in there for ya don't
touch it I don't feel good about that
Scoob I've never said that in a burn my
life oh shit just hold it
alright three more I feel like I was
nothing I don't have any on their door
you're cheating you're doing something
mean to me I'm not doing anything two
more on the bench in high school I think
you got a lot of all experience nice all
right last one
all right let's see one two three four
five six seven - run - uh if you haven't
watched everyone else's videos they do
it with that last round
chain one Lisa zero wrote you I already
want doing it well we're doing a turbo
Speedman okay cuz I'm over it if you
lose this one we have to bolt dance see
how she's already playing it out all
right round two turbo speed hand me my
balls okay spoon plate wow this is
something the fattest doctor in the
world
spoon playing now I'm ready okay one
there's nothing new is that Sam you're
just going to the back there's nothing
in here
what are you talking about are all the
balls in there yes all of them all of
them you're lying
no not I'm gonna lift up my flap you
just put him in there how would I
possibly do cuz you're a magician one
two three four five
yay yay yay well you just have to get
more than one and that's gonna be very
hard for you so I'm not worried you know
to be honest everyone wants to see you
in my clothes dancing
well everybody doesn't get what
everybody wants yeah that's what I
wanted
here's your spoon I wasn't good
lightning round to lightning fast three
fast all right last one and look at what
you got ha ha zero
you know what the lesson is Cheers never
prosper kids I she didn't I still us
what do you cheat with I just fall on
the cotton balls come here what pictures
all the cotton balls out of yours out of
my love us out of your bowl that's why
you're like there's gonna copy all that
cheese and there's still lots so lessons
kids don't cheat in school because you
look gonna lose hardcore and you have to
crossdress and dance round to check out
her cross-dressing and dancing like a
bitch cuz she love me go to her channel
because it's gonna be up there and also
every Wednesday on her channel she does
stairs
most of them involve hurt working on my
face while I'm trying to sleep are you
guys hope you have fun hang with us we
have fun hang with you Oh before I go
Friday is my Miley Cyrus spoof get ready
you're not in thank God
there's a lot of balls in it oh so
that's gonna be fun I love you guys so
much I will see you tomorrow see back on
lisa's channel i what this is what I
needed this I don't know what this does
at least it's not used nevermind this
one is used
