guys is my manager guys we're at a Doug
beach
I didn't mean because you're a dog I
came out wrong but we are at a dog beach
and you can clearly see my nipples it's
a great day corny corny look when a dog
beach you can poop anywhere you want
nobody's gonna pick it up they're just
gonna go like this dog I do yeah so we
through corny in the water and she loved
it and we got to get it on film because
it's one of the cutest and saddest
things ever corny don't you love / hate
the beach can't decide if she loves it
or hate it
well she loved it and then a pit bull
with a muzzle came up to her and started
checking her out she did not love it I
don't love it because everybody's Tanner
and weren't shaping me and not wearing
shirts corny come on show everybody how
much you love the beach quinny-quinn
great let's go break microphone hey that
kids wearing full clothes like me maybe
he has body issues corny god she hates
this fine I'll just take you guys in the
beach with me look at that big weave
rocket get fifty five dollars for that
in the hood okay alright we're gonna do
this I'm going to throw you in the water
just like my mom did to me when I was a
baby it really fucked me up just kidding
my dad did that yay
hey goodbye all she cares about is
getting a new weave just like her daddy
found yourself a weave grow that Indian
hair see how that looks on your head oh
oh girl I'm no Jew it's cheap stay away
from it but you know what it's all
natural All Right see you later
fuck my life hey yo yo what's up baby Oh
yo can I give you fennekin can I get
y'all number can I get it can I get your
number
what's your number what's your name
what's it what's another heaven what's
it about eggs angels like when I angel
comes down to earth and I say hey my
number what's your number
mmm yo baby what's up what's wrong I'm a
girl I see you so baby
bitch roll over let me see them titties
yeah come on you see that bus you see it
see them taters oh damn look at interior
this is real is that real damn me get a
couple make up a field hmm yeah she make
a sex tape girl where's the dog beach
I'm allowed to be creepy really that's
what justifies me if you're always you
feel violated girl or do you just want
some out yeah you want some help Oh a
Kardashian is in the water
I repeat Cole a Kardashian is in the
water oh my god looking out the jug
corny this is like an orgy
whoo all right we just rushed back from
the restaurant to the hotel because we
have the perfect view of the fireworks
and we only had two minutes to get here
but I did have time to strip down again
to this fancy robe you know me I'm such
a doula
what are you excited your first
fireworks he's gonna panic I'm panicking
I just threw up a little bit in my mouth
I haven't run that fast in a long time
all right core needs but start are you
excited you're gonna shit all over my
lap great she wanted to kill herself she
woulda done that a long time ago when we
first got her
that's not good if the fireworks haven't
even started yet
well the fireworks haven't started yet
and there's already firetruck which
means somebody just died
which means no fireworks all right I
think it's starting or we're getting
attacked by aliens yeah 40 cents scared
at all lack of plastic oh shit this is
what it was like every day when daddy's
in the ghetto morning I thought you were
more than that I think it's a grand
finale I think America just came all
right my little monsters fireworks are
over
why do you Lady Gaga glasses he was gay
right
yeah perfect so guys that was our fourth
of July weekend we did a lot of eating
we did a lot of sleeping and we did a
lot of farting you did a lot of pooping
all right you guys question today what
did you guys do in fourth of July let me
and Corney know because we're really
interested Courtney wants to know if you
got scared and pooped because fireworks
scared you and then licked your pussy
all right you guys hope you have fun
hang with us we're funding with you and
I don't know here tomorrow mic and just
grab it yeah just push it on his face
you don't want to see this dude grab the
hammer got it ah
