guys is my manager pain games with Lisa
and corny
today we're playing the game that you
guys heavily requested which is almost
like you better fucking play this never
read comments and that voice before I
miss the real shit I miss the old shade
that's how it sounds
so a lot of you guys requested us to
play surgeon simulator so that is what
I'm going to play and it looks really
bloody and gross and you were about to
start eating ice cream change my mind
I was about to start eating spaghetti
and I'm still gonna need it because I
have a problem that's high a weird tone
to it I'm just getting you ready cuz
it's gonna get really us believe it okay
fuck to begin oh oh I wish I had one of
these in real life you don't have the
same you're useless
oh my god this is like in China how like
people do surgeries on Chinese kids from
all the way across G we're actually
doing that what's the perform project
operations heart transplant
sounds easy I think I need a heart
transplant
that's good just heart train black ah
using my computer hand and opening up
case man I think is better to have a
heart transplant what do I do
oh you gotta get all the tools well I'm
running out of time hammer do with all
that junk I watched a lot no I don't
know what time it is
Oh God how do you grab something look
there we go you're a little bit surgeon
hey man can you wake up and grab me that
bad ever really good look at my hair
went dead let's take this mask out so I
can talk to this man excuse me I could
just do this with my hand knock knock oh
here's all the good stuff here we go oh
you're terrible
Ivan you try see oh my god oh this isn't
even surgeon simulator this is like
learn how to use your fucking hands
tickle tickle
all right let me get I got this Oh No
somehow my hand went right through its
manzou my hand stuck I need help
restart because in real life you can
totally fuck up in a surgery and just
start over again I can just grab it yeah
just push it on his face you don't want
to see this dude grab the hammer got it
ah local got a motherfucking hammer
oh no oh did I just kill you I got this
just gonna get this drill thing got it I
just get it right in his boobs oh that's
his neck okay sorry I can't get it out
okay okay I got my guys oh shit I'm
doing it very least I'm doing it you
know mr. Brady's
yeah how else are we gonna get it
doctors are like magic I think I won
right no this is blood levels going down
let me see it I'll move on
oh wait so Zoe I'm sorry oh god I
thought I had it
there's my new worry it's hard I take
the old run out and put the new one in
wait it's over I'm thirsty I want some
orange juice instead I got his heart you
can't put a hurt on top of the heart why
not that's wrong man - oh you're a
terrible surgeon
let's do a different surgery maybe I'm
better at sex changes yeah kidney
transplant you're not ready yet you to
do wait I want to close the shit just
want to fuck up my desk
fuck the man I really wouldn't need the
other ones just ferociously mess you
baby that's really all right listen you
look at the heart and so creepy Shh
I just want to feel his face take your
mask off stay a while I won't seriously
here looks like oh I got his head I
gotta buy the head reimagined I am being
gentle got it
what I'm gonna try this thing you know
how they have like wonder children
brushes you think they have one
direction scalpels oh this thing got it
yay not careful fine and being careful
got away from me no no
when you get in trying oh this thing
right
oh I'll catch it hey I got it ah shit
wait I can fix things up the floor right
fucking over this what are these buttons
do here it sounds so easy the new Europe
I'm not saying it easy I don't
understand I need something over I'm
going to dance / oh look you're flipping
him off as you're killing you
how do I hit wait wait no okay wait I
got ya like this right down and up and
down up and down
scootch it across howdy hey like that
dude wake up and help me I don't want to
use my hands dude he shouldn't have
inches for the first case you wouldn't
have to get oh wait I just learned how
to wave my hand around whoa traffic I
think the game was like listen you must
be hot and because he was so bad oh did
I accidentally get myself with a shot
alright guys he's dead this game was fun
this is the worst game I've ever played
in my life I don't know why you guys
wanted me to play this I mean I say that
every single week I feel like this could
be fun if we knew how to play it'd be
fun if we can literally put our hand in
and just do it
so that was our failed attempt at
playing surgeon simulator 2013 I died I
wanted to kill myself question of the
day what should we play next please
nothing like this again something fun
there's game on like one of the old
school game stations that was a Mary Kay
nationalism game and you go to the mall
and you buy things so you should
probably suggest that or there was also
a powderpuff game no I would rather kill
myself with a hammer and scissors and a
needle and opposed to this is call
Trisha what do you like the scissors
alright you guys will be funny with me I
playing with you I'll see you tomorrow
bye I'm not wearing pants I'm not
wearing pants you can't tell and I'm
doing the no-pants dance I'm not okay
