he suddenly came into my mouth and I
swallowed it all I'm not wearing pants
I'm not wearing pants you can't tell and
I'm doing the no-pants dance I'm not
with my pants I'm not wearing pants you
can tell they're not doing the no-pants
unless you hear my balls slapping then
you can tell hey what's up you guys yes
I'm not wearing pants I just woke up
four Beatles are staring at my balls and
a little birdie told me how small my
penis looks that's smaller than not you
so today I'm gonna be filming a few
blogs I decided to do a 99-cent store
haul I see a lot of makeup gurus doing
haul videos this is what I got it lush
this is what I got at Target this is the
$18,000 digital watch I got with my
daddy's credit card which he said was
only used for emergencies and it's an
emergency because I can't tell time well
I decided to do my own haul and go to a
store that I go to all the time which is
the 99-cent store and I want to prove to
you guys that you can get everything not
everything great but everything and then
after I found that video I'm going to do
a collab with Daily Grace is one of my
favorite youtubers ever I'm so excited
we don't really know what we're gonna do
yet but we do know it's not gonna be as
creepy as what me and Joey did I'm sorry
about that so I guess you could say
today is a real you to be day wow I need
friends maybe an elevator guys it's
going down it's so exciting I'm taking
you guys on the most exciting day of
your life now we're in the car shit's
getting crazy does it make you excited
when I get excited or is it obvious that
I'm not really doing that much today and
I'm trying to act like I'm excited even
though I'm kind of depressed because
it's really hot outside there's no
seventh heaven on Netflix my dog just
died read all over the bedroom floor and
I'm not wearing underwear because I ran
out cuz it's laundry day and now my
balls are chafing but I'm so excited
I got a cart I ain't fucking around oh
my god they have guns and knives in the
same location it's like they know me so
well
and a bin of babies okay now yeah that's
that story and now it's getting scary
all right
I just fucking raided 99 cent store I
got like ten bags of things my receipt
has like a billion things on it go go 20
bucks
no wonder Tyra Banks shops here cheap
bitch I love it now I'm not gonna show
you everything I got you're gonna have
to wait for my haul video but I will
show you this this is gonna hurt and
most likely scar and send me to the
hospital
Thanks damn you guys a store look what I
got at the 99-cent store
does it come with this leotard is that
goodbye a girl I think is a guy it's me
and you after we put on these if there's
a light its gonna squish it all out wow
look hungry alright my turn
whoa oh look a skinnier look those corny
got some comments on Instagram saying
she was bad it was just the angle yeah
alright let's put her in this I can't
film in girdled at the same time girdle
before an active okay and has tagged no
filter hashtag throwbackthursday see
when you were a knee I'm just kidding we
love you is just really getting to her
ugly oh my god Amanda cord boys
ah alright I'm taking a break Daily
Grace is coming over in like five
minutes I'm just resting up because I
know she's gonna get crazy and though
she likes the alcohol
she likes the gay boys and I don't drink
and I'm not gay but I have alcoholism in
my family and I look talk acting what
gay so I'm hoping I'm a match Courtney's
resting Cornie can't wait to get here
and just piss all over her so as I said
today's about youtubers its YouTube day
speaking of youtubers I wanted to tell
you guys really quickly about a video
that I did where I played the Nyan Cat
nyan cat
basically I played that fucking pop-tart
thing and I was rapping and this isn't
making any sense
check it out I'll put a link somewhere
it's basically like epic rap battle
cartoon thing it's on an amine channel
and I am rapping as a cat and it's
really funny and corny loves it that's
what you love me bitches always hatin
hey guys I am here with Daily Grace
isn't the resemblance is uncanny
shocker yes we are here because we just
filmed um just some collab madness and
we also watched before we start filming
a bunch of videos of bad youtubers and
laughed yeah for example not even
youtubers more like Farrah Abraham has a
YouTube channel and you might want to
check it out because it is the worst
piece of shit we have ever watched all
her videos end like this or eat you guys
thank you so much for watching
before you go x1 let you know that I'm
in blackness and it's done and that is
her video I'm inspired yeah I think we
should all make shitty videos yeah oh
yeah Marty doing a freeze-frame
alright you guys that is it for today I
hope you have fun unless we have any
other Alan's ever question of the day oh
I know how do you want me to end the
video tomorrow what do you want me to do
I want to see her jump and freeze frame
yay
I'll freeze it later no I want like if
we were Jack and Rose on the Titanic
first of all I'd have the door give me
in the water and then I would say to you
like never let go
