we looked at each other
I've never never experienced something
like that Lisa it's a good day when
Lambchop gets raped a really good day
hey guys so I'm excited because today we
are doing another episode of the podcast
and we have a very special guest
Kingsley or it's Kingsley bitch which is
his youtube name and he is a guy who
makes fun of every celebrity and talks
about twerking and talks about
everything that I enjoy talking about so
it's gonna be fun
also once again thank you guys so much
for listening to the podcast and
downloading and giving you five stars on
iTunes I can't even explain how grateful
I am and excited and so is my mom don't
believe me just watch mom what do you
think are you like because I pulled a
muscle in my leg there's a plate of
boogers oh okay anyways so what do you
think of the podcast oh my gosh I sat
with my oatmeal and my orange juice this
morning and listened to it and it was
amazing what was your favorite part
okay my favorite part my favorite part
your favorite part isn't when you're in
it no so if you guys don't know this if
you ever heard the podcast every episode
my mom calls in and she asks the last
question of the day so I'm not gonna
tell you who's on the show today but
you're gonna have to have a really good
question and you're not gonna I'll give
you a hint
okay it might be a black person and it's
not Shauna so it's not the only black
person you know all right we'll have fun
I send that me and eating burgers like
morning all right you guys we are in the
studio right now we are about to start
recording JoJo's behind me she's very
excited she got her hands up Maya
couldn't care less you got a leg up and
I am here with Kingsley Biggs
oh my god I'm so excited Lauren Kingsley
bitches you know when I call you Lauren
bitch I'm just calling you a bitch but
that's like a love term with me done
right
like if we were Jack and Rose on the
Titanic first of all I'd have the door
you be in the water and then I would say
to you like never let go bitch and then
you'd like into the water so we're gonna
start recording and then afterward we're
gonna see how it went and hopefully it
didn't go terrible she's gonna fuck it
up and we did it we fit we did the our
podcast with Kingsley and it went really
well and my mom called and she asked
questions and then I made him really
uncomfortable by talking about putting
things at my butt you were very good you
were very surprised as to what I was
telling you hey this is boiler spoilers
doing like how did you not get it all
off I don't know it was really dark I
was like a kid I was drinking too much
scissor rub which we forgot to talk
about too because I want to know I mean
not just because you're black fit but
you do know what scissor is right well
what is it it's like cough syrup
yeah it's cough syrup that they mix with
drink right I've never done it I found
thick wait you know the syrup is no well
your weddings coming up and I'm gonna
get you a big old bottle this is right
so what do you think how do you think it
went do you think I went good yes out of
blah you did really well that's great it
was great to finally meet you
it wasn't great to finally meet her
she's cooler than you I'm just gonna go
overdose on Caesar date night date night
date night date night date night
J night night even though it's late oh
yeah right uh hey guys it's date night
that's the why is your call making weird
noises oh it's not it's such a like why
don't you say that
why is your car yelling I was not on my
phone I was clearly talking to you and
looking at you and conversing with you
and being a good guy you know aren't you
cracked and broken and full of joy
yourself in naked pictures and texts so
yes it was date night we talked about a
lot of things um not as many things as
we talked about on the podcast today oh
boy you missed out you guys question of
the day what do you think we should do
on our next date night yeah come up with
something awesome and romantic and nice
yeah and then I won't do that one and
I'll just partner face I sent you a
screen cap of a Twitter comment that
someone sent me and it was like a three
tweet rants and it was like Lisa I can
see in her eyes that you wish she was
more mature but hang in there one day he
really oh my mom is so sweet know I'll
always be like this alright you guys
I'll be happening with us we if I hang
with you and I meant we like me as in me
and all my personalities you're not
involved I don't care if you had fun we
have fun and if you want to hear the
podcast you can download for free the
link is in the crotch it's on iTunes and
SoundCloud and all that shit and I
really hope you guys enjoy it I feel
like they're getting better and better
just like You Tube see what I did there
interpretation we should sell these on
eBay when we're done they're so good or
not
