Saturday Saturday hey what's up you guys
um so yes it's Saturday and I never well
not never never say never
that was my beaver I guess I've had to
be blacker to do that yeah bitch
um today I decided to be something I
don't do very often which is just me
talking to you guys about a topic no
editing no sound effects on my fart but
it's totally real I promise
real and hot and it doesn't smell that
bad
but I do like the in scent of my own
feces so today I decide to talk about
shipping now for those of you who don't
know which is my mom and that's about it
shipping means I'm looking to stuff on
urban dictionary to endorse a romantic
relationship now yesterday I put up the
video of me and Joey having sex I mean
we didn't really have sex we I mean I
stuck my hand up his butt
that was about it I'm a classy lady he
was out for a third this is shipping we
did a ship video where we reacted
fanfiction because you guys have been
wanting that because you've been
shipping us now this got me thinking
about what the ship is besides the
Titanic which is my favorite movie are
you guys keep shipping me with guys I
don't get it so I was thinking about it
I'm like I don't remember when I was a
kid even thinking about wanting somebody
to be with somebody like when I was a
kid I mean I liked TV I liked movies I
like music but I never liked them too
fuck so that make sounds like I was
never like through my god I really hope
that Melissa Joan Hart from Sabrina the
Teenage Witch fucks Corey from Boy Meets
World like I never thought that way or
like ooh I hope Corey from Boy Meets
World fucks his best friend shock well I
didn't think that way is that be sexy
but I never really thought about that
even more so when I was a kid which
wasn't that long ago
I'm old it was a while ago I don't
remember ever hearing girls in my class
you like
oh my god I really want to see two guys
fuck like I just really want to see it
like I don't and not that it's a bad
thing to see that but it's definitely
different like nowadays all these
twelve-year-old girls well you guys and
there's other people out there too but
for the most part there's a lot of tall
girl girls watching this you guys want
to see two guys or two male youtubers or
even to one direction members fuck why
you're not gay why do you want to see
two guys fuck I don't understand or like
why do you want to see two straight guys
fuck like the second I call Joey gay you
guys get mad but the second I'm like I'm
gonna fuck Joey
you guys are like fuck I like it I don't
quite understand so question of the day
um number one why do you want to see two
guys fuck number two what two
celebrities are youtubers besides me and
Joey do you ship because I'm curious
what the other ships are because I'm
talking about back on track so that is
my vlog of the day talking about ships
PS thank you guys so much for
subscribing for watching my vlogs
they've been doing well this month and
I've been putting a lot of work into
them and I feel like they're funny and I
feel like they're creepy so I'm
succeeding at bad side note oh yes
speaking of YouTube and shipping if you
want to ship me with an Asian youtuber
which would make sense because we both
have you you get it then check me out I
am on the why I shit fuck listen this
sounds like I'm reading it off a
pamphlet cuz I am no um I am on this
show called internet icon which is Ryan
Higa 's you know Big Show it's basically
like American Idol for youtubers and was
really fun I got to be a judge it was
like me and Jenna Marbles was a judge
Smosh was a judge really cool um and I
basically made kids crap so if you want
to see bad I will put a link right here
you can watch the whole series and it
was really fun so that's all I have to
say today I love you see you guys on
Monday
and keep ship it keep the ship sailing
don't hit an iceberg unless you want to
go down
