when you put the balls inside when I'm
like doing a like going and doing a show
I wear a bunch of pantyhose very tight
and it sort of all of the presses
everything it just sort of compresses
everything so that it's not a
distracting mound god I cannot express
to you the feelings I'm hurting I'm
literally about the fucking world I have
here in original Game Boy yes welcome
back to another edition of shade bodies
bunch of shit and he couldn't afford
when he was a kid
now some of you might not even know what
a Game Boy is this game boy right here
was made in 1989 bitch I was one all the
cool kids has it so I did when I was a
kid I didn't really play with games
unless you call get a new childhood a
game because I would and the main reason
is my family couldn't afford them so my
mom was like oh five that's great but I
have always had one what's here freaking
out okay
I am not seeing this yeah I had a friend
open it and play with it to make sure it
works it does but this is my first time
seeing it and I let me change the P okay
here we go
oh my god okay one two three
huh oh my fucking Josh oh my god oh so
pretty that boxing is everything and oh
my god Animaniacs oh this is too much I
mean this box is literally the coolest
thing ever
oh my god oh my god hold on um let's
book the Game Boy bitch I'm just here
for the past what is the business
besides everything is a band fanny pack
alone this just turned into a haul bitch
oh he'll get it always fit me
Boop okay I can get used to that
when gaming me more than breathing okay
now I'm taking it off but it it cute
what's inside of it a little little
pouches you're putting usual Gameboy
putting your little game game away on
the go ditch see this is why technology
used to be so much better that old
MacBook we played was how to handle it
first this one Game Boy Color it apart
bitch and you know what VCRs would be
just a fancy wallet toilet seat let's
open this up oh my god here it is here
we go
oh my god this is so weird I haven't
seen one of these literally since I was
like six and here because the rich kid
in my class had one and I was like I
can't believe you I will eat you and
then we'll take your Gameboy I mean I
don't fit to your gameboy game pack oh
my god oh okay let's turn it on oops
what's that that noise that noise just
took me back not as far back is not
fitting into that first to me but they
both go do that
oh wait okay I think we need to put a
game in here let's put the puppet side
do what else is in this box
oh my god can you get patient be the
little book look at her little book need
help with installation where people
really let done back then they were like
what I don't understand let's do it Oh
little seal of approval it shows you
want to put in the batteries not for the
young people who don't know batteries
are put in things and it makes em where
not everything can be charged oh my god
what is dead oh she's getting me March
what is this poster for what is this
metroid that looks like a cheap-ass Iron
Man
oh and then I has all the other games on
the back okay I also got a bunch of game
tomorrow look at it so excited oh my God
look at the fucking grass
on the back be peanut that crazy I let's
open it I don't even remember how these
like actual gain if you look cute
alright fucking open it me okay where
does injections in it okay oh my god oh
my god okay boo this comes in something
too we get it we don't want Metroid
Nintendo
give me your poster of Princess Peach
and Mario we can bite out of it alright
let's put this inside of the Gameboy
game keyboard so you just slide it in
the back and then you try this on oh my
let me give you a better angle oh my god
wait what's on the side huh fuck who did
I break it
no wait oh that changes like the
contrast I guess interesting oh look at
him jumping oh ok so we have a B little
arrows ok ok yes bitch let's fuck this
up where's the volume turn I they do
start oh my god I'm gonna die I'm
literally gonna die wait oh my god there
I am oh my god oh yes thanks giving us
room bitch oh fuck oh fuck no I suck
Oh got a coin how do it oh fuck me choke
underworld who's getting all the coin
this is so cute i legit I'm gonna play
with this like I'm not even kidding
wait fuck oh fuck oh fuck wait I wanted
to kill me I want to see what it looks
like when I die somebody kill me oh I
came back to life bitch reincarnation
studio oh my god it never ends kill me
oooh that's sad
what if that's how real life was just
game over
alright let's see what else is in this
box was this a battery pack
wait what okay what is this for game
light OH
I know all the gamers out there like you
don't know the game I did but I didn't
have one you know I have when I was a
kid
bugs you know what I did - um okay I
don't know how it works that you put it
oh wait and I guess you just oh oh my
god we it's for one like it's dark and
your parents are like all decide they
just go into your room and you just turn
on that little line oh my god wait let's
try to stop this room okay I'm in the
closet right now very similar to where I
was when I was kid I have a line here we
go oh my god okay I had to switch to my
iPhone because I was having trouble
focusing but oh my god so fucking cool
oh my god your parents thinking you're
asleep bitch they don't know shit and
then they come in and find out in bitch
game over oh my god okay what should we
play next enemy yeah okay sorry edits
which the filming on my phone now
because my camera when it is like not
focusing on the tiny ass little gay boy
screen I'm trying to open up this
Animaniacs why is this so hard
Shane this is 29 years old do not put
your fucking mouth on it this is like
half the game opening up this shit
reminds me that one game I used to play
opening up my mom's panty drawer putting
them on who got it in what do you mean
video game okay me though we're cartoon
characters Oh bitch the plot is
ticketing walk Oh even though we are an
animated character that doesn't someone
reading this okay let's get to the game
maybe this is why I never played an
interactive audio-visual entertainment
software medium damn Wikipedia breaking
it down as well okay really
get to it oh my god okay
oh really I didn't know I bought our
book okay we get it we want to meet me
okay okay that you know where you want
to meet girl what do you think we should
do okay
know who the fuck that word you go oh my
god come on oh my god the water tower
this is so fucking cool wait how do I
fight oh my god am i crying oh this is
dark
I'm not going to literally jump off the
water tower because I've seen a video on
lively places and it does not end well
well you survived children that doesn't
usually happen where am I now
okay it's really hard to play this
one-handed okay alright okay next game
okay this next one is Wheel of Fortune
okay let me figure if I could open this
right oh my god
it literally says push why am I so dumb
don't answer that
okay wheel of fortune my grandma's
favorite show my least favorite show
because it involves spelling oh my god
look at the production value hold on
this one looks complicated this book
okay uh one player okay
player one let's just put in second aaaa
done okay okay Shane it's not
touchscreen
am i that dumb no wonder I never played
with game too dumb for okay I'm pressing
start that somebody else's builder okay
hello oh okay here we go same wait what
spin whoo oh my god oh so cute
400 okay what saying hmm oh my gosh me
when I have a gaming channel hey guys
we're gonna be playing a 1989 game a
wheel of fortune
everybody clicks off I think okay I'm
going to say the letter D
who is she yes walk the careless jerk
after them that's probably what that is
okay D so something that ends with D I'm
gonna solve it I think it is did I get
it wait what I want to know what it is
I'm done with the game oh my God look at
this old ass boxes Tetris oh my god
then we also have some sports games we
have football which I'm not going to
play you choose realistic offensive and
tough defensive strategy B Island no
venues and then over here we have tennis
another sports game I'm not going to
play also why does he look like a hot
dog
oh it's all so adorable alright hold on
it is time to pack up my purse and go
okay so for my Sunday out with my
gameboy
first I'm gonna pack my boy oh my little
baby and then I got some games so I
think I'm going to go with Super Mario
obviously look they gave a little seat
belt and then we're also going to throw
Animaniacs in case I get bored and I
want to read and I'm going to throw in
another game I have solid here because
I'm 80 and then we're just going to put
in this a Metroid poster so I can throw
it away I'm going to put in my light
Hawk doing my hair it's go to bed again
sneak under my covers it's dark play my
gameboy buy this one I was a kid might
see this would be a lot less worn out
and then here we go it's just well I'm
going to put it on because I'll need
that triggering moment again okay I'm
just going to put it around my neck and
make the party oh my god you see me well
a mountain with my gay blockers in your
life he's old I'm probably gonna get a
head lice from this strap because it's
really all there's actual Dookie on this
purse from 29 years ago and I just
remember tender
go ahead I came in right now from the
same person who do it on whoo yeah we
went dr. Boyer guys go hopefully you
enjoy watching me unbox and play with an
original fucking game boy I really enjoy
doing these videos I hope you guys too
it's want me to do more please give me a
thumbs up going you know what I kind of
want to do next
have you guys ever heard of Mall madness
it was this game from a long time ago
when I was a kid I never had it but it's
like a board game with a fucking ball
inside of this bitch I'll leave these
more comments down below letting me know
what I should drink all the measurements
establishing hits a notification bills
if I make new videos every closing days
and if you wanna see my last video like
this where I opened up the really old
Apple laptop and I'm so excited I cry
I'll put a link to the top inscription
look alright you guys I will see you
gamers
later keep gaming I just such scoop
Oh
