he suddenly came into my mouth and I
swallowed it all Oh game anymore
Wow hey what's up you guys so last week
I don't know if you remember this but I
almost killed myself live on YouTube why
you may ask because you guys wanted me
to play a game called unfair Mario and I
gotta tell you it was one of the worst
days of my whole fucking life and then I
went to my comments and you guys said
you think this is fun
you should play a game called cat Mario
well if it was anything like unfair
Mario see you guys in Hell Boosh
alright I'm gonna play this game just
because you guys want me to but I swear
to God if it makes me really angry like
last time I'm not gonna kill myself I'm
gonna go to your house and I'm gonna
kill you but before I do that let's play
some cat Mario all right everything is
in Japanese so I'm already confused what
do i click there's so many things do i
click donkey or alien or man raping baby
how about woman upside down twerking hey
I was right alright level one oh I'm a
little cat that's cute jump oh oh this
is fun
alright I hope it's a mushroom let's get
high huh I was right nom nom nom nom
what the fuck it's a lesson on drugs
mushrooms can kill you but they're fun
alright let's try this again ah shit not
gonna get angry I'm not gonna get angry
I mean have fun this is fun it's a cat
it's Japanese what's height alright and
jump in jump I'm gonna ignore that up
I'm gonna ignore the sea lion that just
popped out of that green penis and jump
high I'm good at this shit no no no whoa
whoa whoa shame everything is fine we
just played cat Mario jump and jump and
Shum hmm I'm just gonna take my time
that's the key that's the fucking key
stop reminding me how many times I died
okay jump OH if you jump on them they
die well I didn't know that oh shit I
knew it was coming alright jump oh oh
watch out for the seal I know you're
coming
there you are okay so I'm gonna jump
over you and I'm gonna watch out for
this seal I'm just gonna slowly walk
over to the edge and then jump uh oh I
get it
it tricked me this is another one of
those fucking game
I tries to piss me off thanks guys I
think what's going on is you guys like
to see me get angry yeah I don't even
know what that noise was but it hurt I'm
done I'm done I'm done
why am I doing this why am i doing this
to myself YouTube is supposed to be fun
it's supposed to be exciting it's not
supposed to make me want to kill
somebody
relax Judas for oh haha oh shit oh shit
and kill you
I'm sure okay alright
stupid fucking little pieces of shit
fuckers okay jump over the seal jump on
him fuck you fuck you fuck you jump over
this thing haha fuck you bitch and then
oh you fuck you piece of shit okay one
more time just one more time because I
don't like you guys seeing me get angry
I swear if I get angry I turn to the big
gay Hulk
come on come on yeah you know what my
mom never ever ever gets angry ever I
want her to play this and I want to see
if she gets angry because if she gets
angry I'm not gonna feel bad about how
angry I got all right let's go get my
mom oh my gosh and I've never played a
game with a computer well this should be
good how do you like where's the handles
all right use these so this is forward
back and then that's jump Oh Lord
Oh Oh jump jump oh did I do good
it's already better than me great and oh
did he go somewhere he died
oh okay Chuck ah I don't understand did
I jump big jump oh did I do it mm-hmm
okay
how do you get him way up there here
I'll just keep jumping and picture oh
okay how do you jump higher oh I did
pretty good so are you are you not
feeling angry no it's fun but come on
we're dealing with someone this is fun
you're not angry you don't know
something oh it's it's kind of good it's
it like enter it stimulates my mind
no it just I know he's gonna come back
right right he's just gonna keep coming
back here got got him oh how many times
did you have to die to get mad I got mad
I've never done this so it's kind of fun
I don't know not proving my point my
point is as him as frustrating yet my
mom was having the best fucking time of
her life like she was at a Cyndi Lauper
concert she was high on X oh fuck that
game fuck that game I don't care if you
entertained my mom I don't care if
everybody loves you but me better kind
of want to try to play you one more time
no no I don't know I don't know it well
there you guys go that was me trying to
play cat Mario and then my mom coming in
and being better than me it's been a
very embarrassing day all right you guys
leave me some comments let me know what
you want me to play next and please give
me something that won't make me angry
you won't like me when I'm angry
or you do like me when I'm angry and
that's why you keep giving me these
games all right you guys he'll be fun
hang with me - hang with you and I will
see you tomorrow bye a party y'all
you're gonna need the whole weekend to
recover from it it's gonna be hashtagged
and cray
how's things Shoei
