we looked at each other that was the
best sex I've ever had I've never seen
I've never experienced something like
that Lisa all right you guys I got my
hair straightened I took a shower I
clipped up my pubes I got my dog here
waiting by the door we are waiting for
Julie Basava he's on his way right now
we're gonna film a video which is why I
have a camera some lights some Lube a
moose head
that's going up him we're gonna film
some kind of a crazy-ass video that I'm
excited about and he's never been here
before I gotta give him the tour I'll be
like here's my apartment and he has a
bedroom you know oh there's my
girlfriend in there just ignore that
bitch pretend like she's invisible right
she's ready you're right whoa well I
just lost she's gonna do it herself is
it that's gonna become a gyp it's gonna
be she's ready and then oh here I go
perfect well what are we doing today oh
my gosh are we following people I don't
know let's okay let's not tell them what
we're doing okay but let's give an
example like okay for example we're
gonna have sex but not right it's pretty
much going to be everything anyone's
ever wanted us to do and puffy did you
hear her say that she doesn't she
doesn't she doesn't talk Joey she
doesn't the dogs dogs calm don't speak
no they do yeah to you yeah okay right
so guess who's here just the third wheel
just I was gonna say that the beers
gonna be here I'm sorry oh this is so
awkward can we treat it like Hunger
Games we kill you oh no that's fine okay
so are do you wanna be involved
you could you could like put it in your
hand and I don't want to give away what
we're doing I'm gonna go back to the
room okay sure look whose light in the
fireplace and then just set it up for
you guys have a romantic afternoon those
happen hi
room ah it's gonna be so romantic
Vladek and turn on some music I'll know
we'd never let the fireplace do all the
time she's ever wanted to yeah I wanted
to be romantic I've never wanted it to
be romantic before why is it romantic
corny yeah what are you gonna have to
dance and one mom and one made corny
don't judge me for the things I just did
don't stop judging I see your judgement
I'm covered in lotion in the bed is too
that that definitely is covered on
lotion
Lisa's covered in emotional scars that
will never heal so the video we just
filmed is going to be up on Saturday
yeah we decided we're gonna make it a
weekend video because it is a party
y'all you're gonna need the whole
weekend to recover from it it's gonna be
hashtagged and cray
how's things showy fray it's gonna be
hashtag showy porn basically basically
I've never done anything like that so
yay I'm your favorite Abraham I'm
breaking you into the porn world so
we're gonna go in some dinner because
you know we really need to replenish our
bodies yeah that was exhausting love you
Lisa
haha the end of the night and the lights
are in the bedroom I don't even know how
to explain this Wow
so yes I hope you guys had fun hang with
us cuz we had fun hanging with you I
just got done editing some of the video
of me and Joey I think I'm gonna put
this one on the main channel it's really
fucking funny so yes it is coming to you
not Saturday but tomorrow on my main
channel check it out
it's definitely gonna be disturbing and
sexy and it might change your whole life
for the worst all right I love you guys
bye okay
