mom what are you doing get it I'm
playing with my rubber chicken it's not
that hard to get hey what's up you guys
yes it is one of those days again days
where I feel like laying on the couch
watching 7-7 on Netflix and doing
nothing but instead I got up straight my
hair put on a stupid shirt decided to
make a video and in this video I decided
to answer all your guys's random
questions you're gonna learn a lot about
me things you didn't want to know and
you'll never be able to look at me the
same way again I'm kidding
Polly wants to know Shane what do you
eat for breakfast well Holly I ate a
protein Jake how did I make protein
shake dirty I can make anything dirty
here let me try to make something else
dirty well Holly I eat sausage no that's
too easy well Holly I eat Special K
nothing dirty starts with the letter K
but you know it ends with K milk you
missed it Leslie wants to know do you
want kids do I want kids yes well I have
kids I don't know does the world really
need more of this question bruce jenner
and kris kardashian should have asked
Dominic wants to know hey Shane have you
ever been to the UK you know what other
word ends in UK duck your nest if Brian
wants to know what about Miley Cyrus do
you love and what do you hate I love
everything and I hate nothing oh wait
sorry it's not opposite day I hate
everything and I love nothing no that's
not true I kind of love Miley Cyrus I
think she's crazy
I think she's weird and I think she's a
white-trash girl
so basically me and her are twinsies
Kyle wants to know what would you do if
you saw your dad well honestly um I
don't know I don't want to see him I'm
not mad at him I just don't want to see
him it's like the way I feel about the
Twilight movies like yes I know it's
horrible I don't need to see it to
validate the fact that I know it's
horrible
I just want to ignore it pretend like it
never even happened in this case I'm
Bella and my dad is that creepy black
dude with dreads wow that would have
made a lot better of a movie Paul wants
to know Shane are you gonna be doing
your podcast forever honestly yes I
think I'm gonna be doing my podcast
longer than I'm gonna be doing YouTube
because this haircut and this background
is gonna get real creepy in five years
been doing a podcast you can kind of do
it forever it doesn't matter how old you
are but don't worry I won't be quitting
YouTube anytime soon unless I win the
lottery and peace
Connor wants to know if the world was
ending tomorrow what would you do on
your last day I know the obvious answer
is spend all my time with my family my
relatives my animals remember all the
good times but in all honesty
go to a Mexican restaurant and eat you
like the RO because when it comes down
to it I care about food more than I do
about people eating disorder Ian wants
to know what's your favorite food how
long you got Ian my favorite food is
actually not technically a food I mean
it's a food but it's not something you
would order I'm obsessed with dip ranch
honey mustard sour cream ketchup vaca
moly nacho cheese barbecue sauce any
kind of dip I will eat it and I don't
even need anything to put it on like
I'll get something to put it on just so
I don't look crazy hi can I get a salad
yeah can I get ranch on this side with
some barbecue sauce and nacho cheese and
sour cream some guacamole it's an
avocado sauce you want all of that just
for your lettuce no the lettuce is just
an illusion it's really sad and people
make fun of me for it
I literally turn into Mary Poppins when
I go out to dinner a spoonful of a
spoonful of a spoonful of a spoon and
then I turn the little jar once again
eating disorder Anna wants to know
shayna are you ever gonna have another
meetup in New York I think it'd be fun I
don't know do you guys want me to come
to New York actually no what question of
the day where do you want me to come and
don't be nasty nasty Bella wants to know
are you and Lisa gonna get married soon
amber wants to know what inspired you to
start making videos well I had no
friends and I thought instead of making
friends the normal way I would just pay
people to be in front of a camera and
put on wigs and that didn't work
so I did it now I have no friends and a
lot of wigs and dips Connor wants to
know hey Shane will you twerk on camera
right now you want me to interrupt my
video and do something as demeaning as
twerking okay twerking is a workout it's
a torque I'm bunny Brooklyn wants to
know besides Joey Graceffa
who else you have a man crush on
probably my dad issues my man crush is
probably jenna Marbles I know what
you're thinking Shane she's a woman yes
but she talks walks at Fox like a man
and I want to choke on their marbles and
the last question come from Charlie and
that is what is your biggest fear I feel
like I might have answered this before
but I'm gonna insert it again and all
joking aside I think my biggest fear is
not accomplishing what I really want to
accomplish in life now I've accomplished
a lot and I'm very proud of my
self and I feel like I've done a lot of
good but I really want to make movies
one day and I really want to have a
career that lasts a long time on YouTube
careers don't last that long I don't if
you've noticed but a lot of youtubers
come and go and come and go I've been
lucky enough to stay around for a while
but you never know
I just want to be making people laugh
and cry and be entertained for the rest
of my life and I'm hoping I get to do
that whether that means movies or a
podcast or whatever hopefully you guys
will still be watching listening doing
other things and hopefully at some point
in my life I'm gonna meet every single
one of you just not while you're doing
this I'm talking to you dad ha ha ha ha
alright you guys I love you so much I'll
be a fun hang with me - hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow bye
maybe it's a baby killer all right
spread um if we could only go back in
time
