come on what are you doing hey what's up
you guys yes it is Friday again which
means it is time to play with my plastic
iguana who has a huge crazy vagina mouth
so I had a pretty good time how about
you yeah
cool so I was thinking maybe you know we
could like watch dinner together maybe
see a movie maybe get an apartment or
wrenches together you know whatever no
don't leave me what it's not my fault
I'm clingy well I guess since I'm all
alone again I might as well play a game
so last week all the comments were Shane
play unfair Mario I mean actually most
of the comments were Shane you suck at
slender you suck you the worst gamer
ever I fucking hate you and that was
just for my mom bitch but today we're
gonna play unfair Mario now I don't know
what this game is I'm obsessed with
Mario Brothers and I'm really good at it
so I bet I'll be good at this game so
let's get right into it I like the music
uh-uh-uh this is the original dubstep
okay start the challenge level one can't
wait to be a dog soon use the arrows
keys to move around I got this pass
underneath these blocks okay what the
fuck okay so basically I'm not gonna
listen to anything these people are
saying I'm gonna treat them just like my
family and ignore the shit out of them
then then okay I clearly tried to
fucking jump and it's not letting me
jump so I'm not gonna get frustrated no
good I'm not gonna get mad I'm just
going to try it again and I'm gonna do
it I go backwards
maybe if I build momentum what no not
not I can not not not not gonna be mad
not gonna get mad just gonna do it again
okay now I'm not going to go back that
far I'm just gonna go back to this
little smiley face hide in a weed I'll
get high first Oh
okay Mario just smoked a huge blunt and
he's ready to go the fuck I'm pressing
jump this game is not fair
oh now I get it is it just gonna keep
killing me is that what this game is is
that it is it am I just gonna keep dying
how many times am I supposed to play
this is the whole point of the game to
see me play like see how long I can play
should I have given up already do people
who keep playing just look stupid let's
try it again there we go okay I can jump
huh I'm gonna kill this zebra I'm gonna
kill this big cardboard zebra no I'm
sorry nevermind stay back there stay
away from me I'm not safe right now you
know what maybe this is what Chris Brown
was doing in the car before he beat the
shit out of Rihanna so let's not blame
Chris for what he did he should have
said that my press conference
hey Yelp it wasn't my fault I was
playing unfair Mario in the passenger
seat and you know I tried to jump but
motherfucker wouldn't let me and then he
beat the shit out of Rihanna which I
kind of want to do too alright one more
time just one that's it okay I can jump
okay keep jumping maybe if I just keep
jumping yep
haha down Anna honey ah fuck you all
right now I'm gonna jump on these nope
oh fuck that was my fault that was my
fault that was not Mario's fault that I
got this I'm gonna do it again this is
easy oh oh fuck yeah up get up yeah now
that's some bullshit you know what I'm
not gonna let this game anger me take a
sip of water I'm gonna calm down I'm
gonna do it one more time
yep yep fuck yeah yep no fuck I got
cocky I got cocky
I sat there for too long and I was
enjoying the moment okay yep yep yep and
keep running and no not gonna go under
it cuz that's a death trap no I'm not
gonna use that okay all right I'm right
I just needed to get my anger out throw
some plastic iguanas around the room and
I'm ready to go
checkpoint that's good okay jump and
jump and fuck and fuck one more time
another checkpoint it's fine I can do
this no I might stop I think I'm
stop one more time and then I'll stop
two more times in middle stop jump job
Chuck one more time and that's it that's
it that's it just once once maybe if I
just keep jumping fuck and you okay
that's it finally finally I am NOT I'm
serious it is one more time that is it
I'm gonna inch my way
slow and steady baby jump no I'm done
I'm done I'm done fuck you fuck you fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck you stop
playing the music stop
so that was unfair Mario I would like to
thank you guys for telling me to play
that I would also like to say fuck you
guys fuck you hard fuck you hard with
something big and plastic and hard fuck
you with a big zebra cardboard cut-out
you fuck you want to see me play
something else leave me some ideas in
the comment section I'm gonna go kill
myself bye Oh before I go new main
channel video up I hope you guys like it
it's a crazy one and also thank you guys
so much for enjoying the podcast you
guys made it number one again this week
with Joey Graceffa it was so much fun
I'll put the link down there if you
haven't heard it yet and I am gonna go I
love you guys
hope you had fun hang with me playing
with me I had no hope you had fun
hanging with me I had fun playing with
you that's worse good puck it's corny
that was your day
my name is piccata boring I just licked
my vagina all day
