I'm kind of late can you drive me to
school hey guess what guys I'm here with
the biggest One Direction fan in the
world what up girl
wow that sounded just like the biggest
One Direction fan in the world girl
listen you try to get that her Stiles
I'm a Killa bitch kill me I'm like oh my
gosh it's now two bitch no street life
one ud1
one diggity you know all their names get
out of my house no I'm here with sorry
look how scared the dogs are they're
like no I'm your Sawyer and we are
filming a little collab video where
we're putting things on our heads and
then we have to say what it is that
doesn't make any sense does it you'll
find out I'll put it up later um so
we're filming and he sweated to death so
I said you have any shirts I could
borrow and I'm like sure here is this 12
year old girl One Direction shirt it's
really nice break through nipple
beautiful that's my next album all right
so we're gonna film this and then after
that Kate's coming over we're gonna go
get something to eat see a movie and he
has to wear that shirt the whole time
it's gonna be fun oh my god here's my
mom with the brand-new Us Weekly my mom
comes in she's like she's like so here's
what's going on with Amanda - Amanda
Bynes had sex with Miley Cyrus's
ex-fiance that's right guys they're not
together anymore
okay so Miley and Liam are in the same
house but they're like not together
right so I personally think that he is
like afraid to move so it's like you and
the dogs because she might turn into
like Jodi arias I mean she might and so
Amanda is obsessed with Liam but she
also is obsessed with Miley oh my god
what are they gonna do I maybe they
should just all move in together I would
watch that I really would be like you
and the dogs you do like Liam though and
the dogs would be like Miley and Amanda
just pissing everywhere yeah there you
guys go the lowdown for the week from my
mom that's right you're welcome what
thank you what well look indoors all
their senses and
well you like of all things look at that
little thank you little nugget that way
off heart attack that little diabetic
come on a plane delicious
so for deep fried sugary penises and in
the middle is a big wad of sugar comes
the cream that's it whipped cream
wet creme I don't want it
we're in the place I got it from I don't
want to like you don't want to say what
it's a time you don't want to be honest
with them yes you're safe there you know
what they know what it tastes like
Oh whoo get that little secret stick on
your side all for you guys yeah but
you're welcome give me a tip I'll think
I'm a bad person
all right so we just left the candy
store it's been if that it's night of my
life and we got a box of edible condoms
are you excited about 13-hundred oh my
god there's so many here wait ready guys
ready for this shit Oh condoms you
thought they did it's like a church
wafer with some like notes delicious the
lartius it's weird right it's like sour
cardboard I'm excited about it
I've tasted real comments before turn
they're better than the church cracker
with little Jesus nerds and watch out
the cops couple shut us down he didn't
see us eating condoms question of the
day if you had an edible condom what
would you want it filled with this one
is filled with those would you want it
filled with pokemon cards oh god oh god
oh god okay don't know what do you want
filled with guys I'm gonna say money I'm
gonna say anything is very welcome
sweet sweet saliva doesn't say chocolate
you have a lot of saliva girl I'm just
guessing out on them hey what's up you
guys it's corny how was your day my name
is picanha boring I just licked my
vagina all day and then at some point I
pooped and then I pooped again and then
I tried to eat it and then I lick my
vagina and there's some poop on it so
that was fun and then I give Shane a big
kiss afterwards so now he has my poop
and my vagina on his mouth I'm such a
gross disgusting fuck
but you guys love me Oh same goes for me
I'm a gross disgusting fuck you guys
love me well except for all the people
that hate me and there's a lot of those
so yes it is the end of the night I mean
corny are on our way to go to bed you
are so boring vlogs you don't do
anything why don't you dance come on
dance dance you look so sad all the time
you're like the Sarah McLachlan
commercial in the arms of an angel Oh
vagina again anyways yes it is the end
of the night we're gonna go to bed I
already did a question today so I guess
I'll just say goodbye how sad I wish you
guys could come with me it's gonna be a
nasty sweaty poopy vagina bed tonight
alright you guys hope you have fun
hanging with us we're funding with you
and I will see you tomorrow Oh also I'm
sorry that there is no main Channel
video last week but there's gonna be a
brand new one this Friday and it's gonna
be awesome and I hope that you guys love
it and I hope corny Cheers a fuck up
oh you're so sad you're like a Pixar dog
it's like a dog who lost their whole
family in a big hot-air balloon accident
in the dam who's that black girl in my
house who is that who is that
