you guys know what time it is it's I'm
going to the podcast
it's fo another podcast time for Joey
look at you you look like Miley Cyrus on
that microphone do I really a little bit
you gotta have Miley here can you twerk
like Miley no come on try oh my god
twerk off between Lauren and Joey you
want me to show you going on a wall no
the way my lease works she just she
grabs something like you could just like
grab this drawer and as she pumps up her
butt we'll do it a minute first I want
to say that we just recorded the new
podcast episode chain of friends with
Joey that's right and how did it go it
went really good
you're really funny I am really soon see
we talked about some serious shit we
talked about funny stuff it got deep we
talked about like funny stuff but we
also talked about his childhood and a
lot of really interesting things
so yes the podcast is up right now I
will put the link down there you can
listen to it make sure to go to iTunes
and subscribe and go to SoundCloud or
whatever the fuck and listen to it and
leave nice comments for Joey and maybe
Joey will get his own podcast I've never
even thought about this is actually my
first podcast I've ever been really had
to go that was good you taught my
podcast virginity I I shoved my finger
in your in your podcast and it got all
over my finger and there's blood
everywhere so yes we'll talk more about
the podcast later now it's time to twerk
the lauren you're gonna go first come on
you grabbed fine I'll show you this is
how you twerk oh yeah I don't think I
don't know what that is oh god oh god
this is getting worse No none of this is
known about it okay no no you're not
wearing underwear like popped oh that's
working well then you try it
hey no you need to go over there and
grab those like at working desk yes I
got it at IKEA oh god oh god oh top stop
joy stop her
Joey good go take over go to work over
yeah yeah twerk it twerk it uh-huh
market Turkey oh hey God oh my God he's
so out toward us because ass has a mind
of its own question of the day what
youtuber do you think can't work the
best work it's definitely not us maybe
he glozell maybe Shauna
maybe jenna Marbles is she drunk I don't
know you gotta look like a right now
breathing with it
mark I may have cleavage I mean really I
don't mean there's not really any there
but I was like thank you oh my god - is
Joey here nope he's in my car and he's
in my head he's always in my head yes
I'm listening to the podcast right now
how weird I just did it now I'm
listening to it I need to get friends so
really quick before I go you guys I just
want to say thank you so much the
podcast you guys made it number one on
iTunes you guys are really liking it and
I'm so excited I can't explain how
excited I am because this podcast is
just me it's just me being me there's no
well there's characters and there's a
lot of dirty jokes but it's still me and
it's unedited and it's one hour long
it's just really fun to be able to talk
to you guys for like an hour so give me
a thumbs up if you want me to keep going
if you want me to keep doing it I would
love to do the podcast forever I mean I
would love to do it until I'm old and
dead who knows it might become my next
like career like maybe youtuber then
podcaster then porn at some point aren't
you guys I love you so much I will see
you tomorrow okay I fighting with me I'm
fighting with you and make sure to
download the podcast link is down there
check it out tell your friends that's
all I can think of Oh an Amanda Bynes
blocked me on Twitter so Amanda unblock
me I want you to come on the podcast
girl that would be a mess whoa all right
I'll see you later ah think worse I know
Ashley I'm just said there's nothing
else to say oh I'm so sick ha ha ha
