hey one of you guys I'm here with Sawyer
Hartnell oh that sounds like English
thing hug buzz yeah what you got a heart
because you're Sawyer heart heart man
man kid Oh end of the video so we are
playing a game today it's gonna be a fun
game what are you doing oh just looking
at everybody out there hide nerd hey so
we are here with a dog which was not
planned but you're enjoying that on your
balls ah yes I am so we're playing a
game called celebrity head challenge
celebrity head show and kind of I don't
know so basically we're gonna take turns
putting celebrity names on our head and
then the other person has to get us to
guess what it is
yes so here is half of the pile and
let's start ready come on boom chocolate
Chris Brown don't fuck with me let's do
this I make a youtube video what the
head
we apologize in advance for anything we
might have been making YouTube video is
resides outside sites no almost I use
joke after joke to back up other jokes
and it all wraps up with one big joke
that started with the first line my dad
I'm clever I'm a lot more clever than
Shane Dawson nobody okay just have to go
back to the stereotypical whip oh sorry
does oh yeah you get it
uh-huh why did you just say black people
and hugs black hugs nigahiga
well this is easy Oh God um where do I
start
I want Drake to murder my vagina ha I
pierced my cheeks I shaved my head oh
it's Amanda boy yeah boys all right now
my dad made this song joey graceffa no
and now i'm just cut all my hair off
yeah rock around now I used to be two
people on the TV I'm a bad person almost
I don't give a fuck
my mom yes but no I don't give a fuck
about the Disney Channel I don't give up
Rick it's my look almost I don't know
the whole time I just really want to
thought I really want to hear you bust
out and I can't be tamed you never did
it I don't know next oh um okay for
tenure me is this joke ha ha ha ha ha
you should be next
um I talk like this and I'm in rehab
this is Khloe Kardashian in rehab I look
kind of like Clark right as you move
quicker Isaac I hit by a fucking truck
move and it's squished all the fat out
of room who they sell leggings at
t.j.maxx with my face on
oh it's Alda you also smoke like 25
setae I made a perfumer for some reason
room but you're gonna smell like Britney
Spears no oh Jessica sips think worse I
know Ashley I'm just sad
there's nothing else to say huh I'm so
sick ha ha ha oh my god it's my ass look
fat girl that's real that's all real
right
hi guy Taylor Swift Kanye nicki manaj
calle I got a bush going yo Kanye when
you have sex with me tonight how about
you don't
hey wait so they have sex with Kanye so
it's yeah man
mm-hmm with a fat ass dragged herself no
almost one sister who's small and I got
one sister whose beautiful house no
almost it's a full house of Evil's I
look like one of the members from that
house Kardashians which one give you a
hint to imagine Ray J's right here oh
god baby pretty central your song you
know it is it's Kim Kardashian
boo oh I don't know who that bitch is
it's on your boobs I got one a Justin
Bieber
no it's one direction yeah I was gonna
break understand
you wanna come you sing a song and I
don't listen to what's pretend like that
didn't happen
I got a single tear under that one oh
yeah somebody with a disease I hadn't
shaved my head and started hitting
people yet Chris Brown no almost I was
still relevant I didn't have to break
cars for people to notice me break cars
like him with umbrella canes oh pretty
Spears yeah in 2006 yeah yeah yeah oh my
god how could you have pooped on the
floor I don't poop on the floor
well I pooped on the floor the only
reason place my poop is me poop and
farts one is strikingly handsome er than
you the other one me TN Tamara if you're
just a shit if quick ratio is just sit
on your nuts it would do this to them it
would blank them ruin them oh yeah but
in a different phrasing shut up sorry
for you spinning you didn't get this
goodie they sound angry
big boss I don't know Oh smart Oh why
don't you just say threesome I would
have got mad all right last one
mmm-hmm oh my god so like my dog was
like sucking my dick and me shamed
Wasson called me it was like I'm gonna
fucking kill you right and I was like I
should get drunk beforehand right my dad
oh I thought that said mr. Dawson well
guys there you go we don't know anything
if you want to watch us do this again
but more racist check out the one on his
channel that's about it I'm sorry for
anybody I offended in this video
question of the day if I had Justin
Bieber on my head what would you guys
tell me to make me guess this leave them
down to come alright you guys I love you
opieop ending with us be funny you know
see you tomorrow bye you just died bye
oh yeah
oh yeah okay creepy music on a little
creek tab probably the music they play
in Britney Spears is sex dungeon
also the noises you probably hear in
great experience of sex dungeon
