hashtag you're kind of cute
hashtag I'm not a monkey but I'll swing
that way hey what's up you guys yes it
is Friday and that means it's time for
me to play with myself and you and yes I
meant that the creepiest way possible
because today we're playing slender now
this was probably the most commented
game that you guys wanted me to play and
I've already kind of played this game
before but I only played like 10 seconds
of it and then my mom scared the shit
outta me so I'm going to try to now play
the game for real and I'm scared not
because of the game but because I had to
download the game from this really shady
website I'm pretty sure I got a virus so
if in the middle of the game a big pair
of boobs and big dick pops up that's why
because I have neither of those alright
let's start then okay creepy music I'm a
little creeped out probably the music
they play in Britney Spears a sex
dungeon also the noises you probably
hear in Britney Spears a sex dungeon a
romantic with my mommy to peanuts so
loud slender the eight pages collect all
eight pages okay okay how do I get this
woo-hoo-hoo is scary it is offense
oh-oh I'm figuring it out okay so I
guess I just walked into trees butch it
up oh okay I'm stuck alright um there we
go
learning how to walk is this really a
game nothing else gonna happen
okay offense maybe we could kick it
right I mean there has to be some sort
of action in this game nope why the fuck
you guys want me to play this game for
the creepy owl sound effects is there
like a hint as to where the pages are
why are all the trees covered in cum
Slenderman do bed this is so boring
something about a fake
computer-generated forest that looks
like a Pixar movie does not scare me
I mean Pixar movies do scary sometimes
like that one about the family lets
superheroes I mean first of all if I had
powers I would not tell my parents about
it because I would use them against my
parents second of all if my dad could
like have x-ray vision I would never
ever masturbate ever speaking of
masturbating I might do that right now
because I need to do something else to
occupy me because it's so fucking boring
oh this guy is pretty
let's make a wish upon a star I wish
this game would be over now it didn't
come through oh I hear a dog barking
come and kill me please end this Oh what
is this this is new some big red thing
is that what I'm supposed to find nope
can I run like and I go faster than this
like how fat is my person oh I'm glad
he's having fun just strolling along
okay your scary music so I think that
means I'm about to die so let's just
wait please come and get me is that him
possessed liner ma'am
where is it come get me hello come on
you can have me this is the easiest rape
ever I want it who we're about to go
inside the big dirty vagina oh fuck come
on oh all right back it up one more time
and oh it's probably oh girl you've been
doing them kegels
I never mind this is the laziest game
I've ever played I am sitting here
pretending to take a hike isn't there
like a time limit on this haven't I
exceeded it yet Oh finally
I mean good fucking job Shane it took
you 35 minutes but you found wait did I
find something thought I found something
is that the paper right what the fuck
did I just get eaten by that penis head
is a game over I'm dead finally Oh
my camera agrees well guys there you go
that was me trying to play slender I'm
sorry I didn't give you the reaction you
probably wanted which was lots of
screaming and crying and being like
what's going on I do not think this game
is scary this no it's the opposite this
game is American Idol predictable boring
and I really really wanted to be over
now question of the day what game do you
want me to play next hopefully it's
nothing as boring is this alright you
guys I love you hope you have a night
with me because happening with you I
will see you later bye
that was my slender depression I know it
was bad
let me try to get boring boy boring hey
that's pretty good
all right you guys I'm right she says
right and that bitch can't even speak
she said it with her eyes she said a
manager stop with him eyes
