dear Miss amanda bynes girl you need to
stop you need to stop you need to s
t.o.p stop right she says right and that
bitch can't even speak she said it with
her eyes she said a manager stop look at
them eyes commander stop please bring in
the dancing lobsters somebody I mean
it's getting to a point where it's not
even sad anymore it's not even like I'm
crying being like oh my god save she's
the man like it's getting to a point
where somebody practice bitch in the
head with the fucking book that she's
never read I don't even want anybody to
save her anymore I want somebody to shut
her the fuck up she's going on Twitter
and she's being very very mean to
celebrities and celebrities that why are
you being mean to like what's the point
of being mean to Miley Cyrus oh wait
I've done that okay well what's the
point of being mean to Drake but at
least when I make fun of Miley Cyrus
it's a joke and it's a spoof and it's
all in good fun I'm not just going on
Twitter being like girl you ugly that's
not even funny
I mean she's tweeting pictures of Miley
Cyrus without makeup looking like this I
mean that's kind of funny I gotta admit
I laughed a little bit but still it's
just mean actually I do kind of know
what's going on i think amanda Bynes is
suffering with schizophrenia like
hardcore and i'm not even joking
um i have people in my family who
schizophrenia i've dealt with it and i
know what it looks like and what it
tweets like and girl if they tweets like
a schizo and looks like a schizo girl
that's a schizo in a big blonde crazy
wig so i don't even know what to do
right now part of me wants to like fly
to new york and type and crazy into my
GPS and see if amanda pops up and then
go to her and put a bag over her head
and knock her ass out and then drag her
to dr. drew and just be like they'll fix
it but then the other part of me is like
you know what fuck this bitch she's
being so mean and she's being so rude to
people on twitter and she's being so
rude to people in real life she took a
fans phone and like threw it or
something like it makes me not want to
help her but then I watched Sydney white
the other night on that place the girl
that movie made me cry a little bit it
was funny it was crude I liked it I'm so
conflicted corny couldn't care less
totally asleep so question of the day
how are you feeling about amanda Bynes
what should we do what do you want to do
do you want to save her do you want to
just keep following her on Twitter do
you want her to self explode I mean
somebody needs to be real with her she's
tweeting things like hey y'all I'll see
you on tour when I'm a big rap star
there's not gonna be a tour Amanda you
are not gonna be a rap star you might be
wrapped up and like a straitjacket and
you might get a tour of the mental
facility but that's about it so I'm very
conflicted right now and I need help I
need you guys to cry with me I need you
guys to hold my hand I need you to stop
tweeting amanda Bynes things like I love
you girl you're the queen you're my
princess because she doesn't know that
you're joking
she thinks you're being serious she's
like oh look at all these people that
love me they think I'm hilarious no they
don't Amanda we're laughing at you we're
not laughing with you America the world
is not laughing with you the last time
the world laughed with you was in eza
right now bitch we laughing at you
so in closing Amanda if you're watching
this would you probably not please just
pick up the phone and call literally
call anybody and be like I need to be
checked out for schizophrenia and
bipolar disorder and every other problem
that is possible because you can get
help and if any of you guys out there
are feeling the same way that Amanda's
feeling and your family like your mind
isn't out of control and you need help
please get help reach out don't just sit
in your room and tweet crazy things and
shave half your head and get cheek
piercings as fun as that sounds get some
help and if any of you guys are feeling
like Amanda and you're feeling crazy
please I'm here tweet me and say hey
Shane I think I need help
but seriously guys mental illness is
very serious and I've dealt with it
firsthand and it's just not funny
anymore Amanda and it's really really
sad and we need to figure out how to
save you so I hope you guys had fun with
me today at fun hang with you sorry this
was kind of a random video I'm just
getting over my food poisoning so I'm
feeling a little bit better and I will
see you guys tomorrow and Amanda I hope
I don't see your tweets tomorrow take a
break girl and if you call me ugly I'm
gonna get this bitch on you this bitch
don't fuck around
all right you guys let me fight hey kids
I got me a big smile and some training
