hashtag you're kind of cute
hashtag I'm not a monkey but I'll swing
that way
Tuesday ask Shane okay I don't know
magic and I don't know sign language but
you know what I do know is that I'm not
wearing pants right now
and I have a laptop on my crotch and it
feels good oh so yes today I'm going to
be taking your guys's questions and
giving you answers that make no sense
let's start Kristen wants to know hey
Shane when are you doing your 4 million
subscriber video yes I told you guys
last week that I was going to do a video
when I hit 4 million subscribers and I
was going to do a bunch of dares and
challenges that you guys wanted me to it
is coming I promise me and Joey Graceffa
have already talked about what we're
gonna do and it's gonna be really
disturbing I'll give you a hint there's
gonna be a lot of screaming and a lot of
hair it's basically like a pudding pie
video but Gayle Sierra wants to know hey
Shane how did the podcast episode go did
you get a billion subscribers no I did
not get a billion subscribers but it
went very well you guys made it the
number one podcast on iTunes you got
into like number one on soundcloud and
it's doing very well so thank you guys
so much if you want to check it out you
haven't heard of yet I'll put all the
links down there I'm gonna do it
probably every other week every other
Thursday and the next episode is with
Joey Graceffa Shelley wants to know how
do you wipe your ass well Shelley I'm
glad we're talking about the important
questions
who cares about politics poverty and war
let's talk about how I get rid of my
dingleberries in my asshole
which by the way I don't there's a lot
in there when I rub my asshole it kind
of feels like I have corn rows corn rows
with beads on them really tea and Tamara
hair so how are white my ass is not good
enough as I've been told by many people
who have smelt my ass
I usually just wad up some toilet paper
and then go in between my legs and then
kind of just feel around scoop it all
out kind of like I work with cold stones
ask anybody if they want samples usually
Kourtney takes a bite and then I throw
the toilet flushing hope that answered
your question you sick fuck Susan wants
to know have you ever shaved your legs
no Bree asks hey Shane can you do a
screamo cover of come and get it Bree
come on I'm not going to do that that is
so lame hey where'd you run go get it
no I'm not gone no no no no I don't know
I know what you
we read her Jason wants to know hey
Shane are you ashamed of being yourself
yeah
Jillian wants to know hey Shane what do
you do in your spare time when you're
not on camera this except there's no
camera here I'm just doing screamo
covers at the wall oh wow that one was
emotional no it says is it true that you
fucked a cat no I have two cats Amy
wants to know was Joey Graceffa a good
kisser he kind of felt like an old woman
like an old woman with kind of a scruffy
beard and a lot of chapstick and I
fucking loved it
Sara wants to know what's a day in the
life of Shane Dawson well Sara I'll
reenact it for you ah noon all right
time to brush my teeth
and Who am I kidding I'm not trying to
impress anybody today shower and Netflix
shower and Netflix Netflix everything is
not what it seems cuz you can't get what
you wanted in your wildest dreams you
got it I told you I can't come today I'm
working everything is not what it seems
doodoo doodoo doodoo ha ha I love Harper
and that's about it oh I forgot one
thing
and I know a the shit out of my dog ah
like that verb Shelby wants to know
what's the difference between a Canadian
and 42 monkeys
well 42 monkeys aren't freaks you drink
milk out of a bag I'm kidding I love the
Canadians but seriously get a jug Olivia
wants to know Shane what do you do to
physically impact the world around you
and the people that look up to you
admirably this yikes maybe I should do
something else like a burp in my dog's
mouth again Ethan wants to know hey
Shane can you lick your nipples yep Pope
wants to know hey Shane do you act the
same way in real life as you do in your
videos no I'm a lot more normal in real
life I'm a lot more quiet and reserved
and calm and not creepy I only shave my
hair for videos so if you see me out in
public and I have straight hair it's
because I just did some kind of a born
by the way if you see me out in public
stop telling your parents oh look it's
that creepy guy on the internet that I
watch that gets me arrested Alyssa says
describe your testicles in three words
oh my god Bailey wants to know hey Shane
how come I never see any of your friends
in your vlogs anymore why are you so
lonely well Bailey thank you for
depressing me listen I'm gonna be honest
um I have gone through a lot of changes
I don't know what that was but I've gone
through a lot of changes this year you
know sometimes friendships don't last
and sometimes they change and sometimes
they go through rough patches
I don't really lost any friends this
year but I definitely have had some
friendships that went through rough
patches and luckily everything is kind
of getting back together I'm not going
to get into specifics cuz who cares I'm
slowly uh rekindling my friendships with
people that I love and I think it's
gonna go well until I ruin it because I
ruin everything
haha Katie wants to know did you ever
watch Teletubbies when you were a kid no
even though I wasn't gay enough for that
and now for the most asked question of
all fucking time well no that's are you
gay I've already answered that a million
times maybe the other question is from
Michael and from everybody else on my
page and it says have you had sex three
years ago I would have answered that and
I would have been 100% open with you and
told you every single thing about my
life as I turned probably 23 a year ago
I kind of made a thing with myself
saying you know what I'm not going to be
that open about everything because it
isn't just me it's Lisa and it's
everybody in my life because it isn't
just me anymore if I answer a question
like that
I'm also answering it for Lisa or for
whoever I'm in a relationship with which
after Lisa sees a video of me licking my
nipple will probably not be Lisa anymore
so I'm not going to be answering that
question because in all honesty I really
shouldn't be talking about stuff like
that and so I'm not going to be
answering that question so please stop
asking me that question you can ask me
about my hairy nasty poopy butthole all
day long but let's just not ask about
sex makes me uncomfortable and my mom
watches my videos and she's already
uncomfortable because she had me and
really quick before I go I just want to
say once again that I love you guys and
I am very very excited that my suicide
video but a few days ago hopefully
helped you guys and I got a lot of good
comments and a lot of people saying that
they checked out the websites that I
linked and that they talked to their
friends about how they were feeling and
I just want you guys to know that I'm
here for you and yes I'm here to make
stupid funny videos and I'm here to make
out Joey Graceffa and shave my balls
whatever you want to see but I'm also
here to be your friend and to hopefully
help you and I'm glad that I could do
that so I'm gonna go I love you opieop
on anyone really I finally do and I
to you tomorrow say bye corny I think I
lost my dog corny I should probably go
find her
alright let me guess what are the rules
in your house yeah sweetheart we broke
up
