guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Alaska Thunder fuck oh my god we
never do the high you never did a past
that simulation
okay because I got the fog as we talked
about drag race we talk shit we spill
tea we talked about just as vagina we
did a lot go check it out how did you
enjoy it
I loved uh okay cuz I got glad to cop
such a difference
hey hey what's up you guys yes welcome
back to another conspiracy theory video
now today's video we are going to cover
a lot of topics we're going to be
talking about pop culture we're going to
be talking about aliens and we're going
to be talking about the hidden truth
behind beauty and I'm even going to talk
to one of the biggest makeup gurus on
YouTube making tutorials but first we're
going to talk about an email that I got
and it is so I got an email from a girl
named Lauren and it started like this
dear Shane I need your help recently I
have strong feelings of not being
completely alone like there's a presence
attached to most of the activities at
night here's just a few examples doors
unlock and open by themselves shadows
over my bed like they're watching
pressure on my neck and my chest like
someone is straightening things move
around to different places as well as
the constant feeling of not being alone
but that's not everything last week
something happened in the sky now
attached to this email she also sent the
video okay Shane hi I'm Lauren I need
your help please help me now listen I
get a lot of emails and a lot of video
messages of people that say they need
help her that they're experiencing some
kind of paranormal activity but there
was something about this won't really
stop she just seems very genuinely
terrified and the last few weeks have
been no stars and sky North gets
astrologically impossible that there is
not one star one star so for me seeing
those stars in the sky and one night
vultures and 12 swipe in the back door
and I look outside and there 100 stop
200 the stars and sky and the route
flashing an airplane flies over and a
few moments later there's this white
light and it's one of the stars and it's
flashing like a disco ball it's it's
lighting up now within the 21 stars but
it's for lashing
that's flashing like a disco ball that
is it's not normal it's not an airplane
it's not a satellite
oh I'm cooling them stuff I don't think
a star there is the big white light like
this and then making a circle like that
like five other stars and as it moved it
holds the shape of a circle victim
ruinous innocent
they were like inadvertent lever and as
it's going crazy in flashing they were
stuck together they don't move well then
she send me a video of what she was
talking about I can't explain it so
first she shows the plane flying over it
with a breaking point it looks pretty
normal but then after the plane leads
the stars start to flash in an insane
way and it really does mimic a perfect
circle
I know I literally can't explain I've
never seen a star go never well then one
of the creepiest things she showed with
a screen shot one of the stars and it
had a hole in it
yeah a hole right in the middle of the
star what does that even leave this is
where her story could steam it in her
email she told me that she's getting
phone calls non-stop from this random
number the number was +10 to 2 when she
did a Google search of that number a
person did not but instead what did pop
up was a book about stars yeah she
searched that number and on google
popped up an entire book about stars
even the description of the book says
this catalog contains data of the
magnitudes of more than 100,000 stars in
the galaxy I mean first she feels like
she's not alone then she sees all these
crazy flashing lights then she gets
phone calls from this random number she
googled it and it turns out it's a
catalog of stars I mean it's all a lot I
don't know why I'm seeing it who I am
getting phone calls
oh I'm showing this book so why is she
getting so many things why did you feel
like she's not alone I should know phone
calls from this number our aliens trying
to contact her is she the one like a she
the one that's going to show us the
truth I don't know all I know is I got a
lot of emails like this this one what
and Lauren I'm going to be reaching out
to you sooner because I want to hear
more about this very scary story okay so
this next theory involves snapchat in a
new update that is fucked now we've
talked about the creepy theories on
snapchat before many people believe that
the cute little puppy filters and
different faiths filters on snapchat are
actually for the government so they can
recognize our face and put a simply
database well this next up they took
that theory whole social media site
snapchat is introducing a site that has
a lot of people excited but others are
worried about the new app called snap
Matt yeah Matt mass snapchat now has the
capability to know exactly where you are
at every moment of the day
you also can look
imagine see where your friends are see
where random people in the world are I
mean between the facial-recognition that
you're getting from the face filters and
now the GPS situation I mean they know
everything now when this was announced
people lost their shit and it wasn't
just conspiracy theorists there was a
lot of people saying I don't want
snapchat knowing my exact location I
mean if you go to the video that's
announcing snap maps on YouTube not only
is it mostly thumbs down but also the
comments have been to see now besides
the whole government watching everything
we do Theory somebody said something in
an article that really freaked me out
cuz I think this new snapchat update is
off an invitation for stalkers
kidnappers burglars and relationship
trust issues
yeah fucking creepy I don't even think
of the fact that some child molester
could find your child just by pinching
on them or the fact that a stalker knows
exactly when you're out of town because
they can see you on a roof all of it is
just too fucking scary for me I mean
what's next fucking fingerprint filter I
wouldn't be stressed okay now this next
theory is waste and fucking blew my mind
this is the theory that birth marks are
actually scars from how you die in a
past
okay so here's one of the stories that
started blowing up and it is crazy so
there's this old woman in Thailand who
is dying and I wish was to be
reincarnated as you don't eat away well
the woman's daughter dipped her finger
in white paint and then put it on the
back of her mom's neck well the old
woman died and not that long after that
the daughter had a son and guess what
was on the back of the sons that is so
crazy to me well here's very good to
increase when the boy became old enough
to talk he started thinking that certain
things were his that were the old woman
and he started having memories of his
old life and this isn't the first time
this has happened
there was a doctor named dr. Ian Stevens
he investigated 210
and what very similar to this I mean one
of the craziest stories which is way too
much to get into involved a three year
old boy remembered getting murdered he
says he remembered gain murdered with an
axe what a little boy told him where his
former body was buried and when they
went to dig it up this would be about a
body and an axe and this is a crazy
story
the skeleton had an axe mark on its
forehead exactly where the little boy
had a birthmark smell this one freaks me
out a lot mainly because I have a huge
birthmark on my ass and I have dreams
about being shot in - I know
insert joke here but I really delighted
dreams of running away from somebody and
then somebody taking out a gun and
shooting me in the ass so we've got a
memory from the past life that how I was
murdered and I have an aspirin mark I
don't know it's all very very scary to
me so let me know down the comments
gyah birthmarks and demon memories past
life reverse proof let's move on alright
so now what are we talking about some
beauty conspiracy theories so first I'm
going to go over them and then we're
going to talk to nikkietutorials
and see what she thinks so the first
theory is that Kylie Jenner is actually
selling makeup that isn't hers so Kylie
has had a lot of scandals when people
think she feels the right and he just
recently Kylie started selling
camouflage clothing and then a company
named plugged NYC came forward and said
you stole that from us I mean they even
had email records showing that Kylie's
people asked for sample clothing from
them they were like Kylie such a big fan
send us more camo clothes she loves it
and then not that long after wear it
Kylie's like here's my camo clothes well
here's the theory about her makeup so
nikkietutorials is actually the one that
got this conspiracy theory really big
she tweeted and then
we deleted let's say you want to kick
but not send the money pay close
attention to color pops clueless deeper
and lit go so basically what Nikki was
insinuating was that kylie might have
just slapped her name on some old makeup
that hadn't sold yet so the idea is that
color pop has to make up in there like
fuck we need to get rid of this
let's just go Kylie name on and resell
it as a new lineup now Kylie has denied
this color pop has denied this we're
going to find out from Nikki what she
thinks
okay guys I'm here with making tutorials
and I have some questions for you about
the conspiracy ready yeah okay okay
donar okay this first one does involve
you
oh my oh give it that one I did you made
a conspiracy kind of happen involved in
Kylie cosmetics so with your tweet that
you did you pretty much insinuated at
all in Kylie's makeup is basically old
unsold makeup from another company that
they repackaged oh so I'm like shit I
know when I first heard of that party
was doing that there were talks that it
was genuinely colour-pop we did it cuz
she callaghan internet post was like the
creators of color pop in the lab wait
what yes people will look upwards
you insert pictures here curious to me
well so many completely we're talking
about it but I guess I had a little bit
of a bigger influence that said it so
then I said it and then it's got a lot
of come so you think it's real you think
that I thought it was real but I now
know for a fact that's not it Chris come
for you know smaller great bring up my
Chris I love us so much mama Kirk no I
know for a fact that it's not color pop
I know that I know the lab where they
make it no no I swear God well maybe
some Reds
but sometimes do is do roll istic in
this lab do eyeshadow in this lab so
maybe that's what they're doing but I
know that some of it is not all colors
so you don't think as you're right
I think that Kylie probably slapped her
name on something because there was a
bunch left in there like let's see if it
fell and it sold really well so the best
day to start making it themselves well
maybe they started like that just to
lift up the water and then they're
really whole we crept this is really
successful and then they went to another
that could hurt you know her quality has
improved a lot right where you are
analyzing yeah so much right now okay
now this next theory something that I
never thought about now I cannot stop
this is the theory that chapstick
companies a tiny microscopic pieces of
glass in their formula so that when you
apply it it gives you microscopic cuts
and that makes you have to keep
reapplying it and rebuy now to me this
one makes sense I mean they want you to
keep buying their product so why not
keep making your lips chapped the let's
see limit okay so this next conspiracy
is about chapstick I don't know if
you've heard about this one but the
theory is that chapstick companies put
very tiny microscopic pieces of sharded
glass inside of the chapstick so that it
works momentarily but it also cuts up
your lips so you have to buy oh my god
yeah so you don't know about this one no
I never went to put Testament much again
I mean I uh I believe on because
whenever I face my lips get one more
chest because when you go in full day
without a girl who can find them as soon
as you put it on its health and
fiberglass I think if that's what it's
called fiberglass on one side of walls
insulation is very soft to touch but
when later you see a bunch of little
cuts in your favorite because this class
online no you ruined my very first
written this last beauty conspiracy
theory is pretty obvious one and one
that is not a shock to you and that is
when a company says that they are soul
about of something they're lying
they only say they're sold out to build
up hype and excitement really fast so
here's the last one that I feel like
this also involves youtubers because
I've seen this a lot on like Instagram
is up so the theory is that whenever a
company says that they're out of a
product like oh we're soul drive home
ago were sold out
sometimes there
because then I'll get to go to China but
that's true yeah cuz I've seen that with
youtubers and their makeup companies in
there but I got so many rights do you
know what's up not because I had a
collaboration might actually just sell
out you know just put it out there but I
know that a lot of brands have a quality
of fifty thousand but in order to keep
it going they'll stop it at five and we
let them you know we set out and then
you create another buzz another height
and then you come attic and then it's
like did you it all the time interesting
well guys my book is sold out so it's on
the bags are all sold out thank you for
clarifying and giving us your opinions
on something spear these guys if you
want to see me do her makeup over to her
channel subscribe and check it out
conspiracy theory I'm a makeup artist
the hope of the gospel a dress code
those are all the conspiracy theories
today make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want me to do more
conspiracy theories and also make sure
to go over to Nikki's channel subscribe
and check up here we did I did her
makeup I gave her an Illuminati themed
makeup transformation also make sure to
subscribe my channel is a notification
though because I make videos any day
also if you want to see other conspiracy
theory videos I've done I didn't want
about copy I've done one about YouTube
I've done a lot I'll put a link to a
playlist right top the description below
how'd you guys leave everything you see
I whatever you decide is give like a
okay oh that one yeah that one okay okay
oh fuck yeah okay let me light it up yes
that's great now even more like I
brought like a blue
you
