hey what's up you guys first of all yes
I know my hair looks like a helmet right
now and I kind of look like a lego man
and all the comments are probably going
to be talking about that which is sad
because this video is about suicide so
let's stay on topic shall we yes today's
video is going to be a little bit more
serious than my usual as you most of you
probably know Paris Jackson Michael
Jackson's daughter attempted to end her
life a few days ago and um it really
struck a chord in me for a few reasons
one is because any time a child tries to
kill themselves is the most
heartbreaking thing in the whole world
I've made a lot of videos about it and
number two I know her I mean we don't
were not like we don't like kick it like
we're not challenged he's like 14 I'd be
weird but you know she's tweeted my
videos I've tweeted her we've had little
Twitter conversations she cut her hair
to look just like mine not saying she
did but she did and and she's been
really sweet and friendly to me and we
were supposed to do a video together a
while ago and it didn't happen because I
think my stuff might be a little bit too
raunchy not a shock anyways when I heard
about the news it broke my fucking heart
I was devastated because first of all
it's Michael Jackson's kid she's been
through enough you know and second of
all there was so much media coverage
about it saying things like she was just
doing it for attention and she didn't
really want to kill herself it was only
because she wanted to be more famous and
I mean things that are just like how
could you say that like I make fun of
celebrities all the time I could never
ever make fun of a celebrity who's
trying to kill them so not me anyways
back to the point point is I feel like
I'm making these videos way too often I
feel like I've made a suicide video like
every year and it's not good and I just
want to once again explain to you guys
why it's not a good idea why why
attempting to kill yourself is the worst
idea you know as most of you know I had
a very rough childhood horrible and as
many times as I thought to myself maybe
I should end it
I didn't because I knew that you know
what it sucks right now
but I'm going to make it fucking better
in 10 years when I'm 24 it's going to be
awesome and that didn't happen so maybe
in another 10 years on 34 it will be
awesome
but you've got to keep looking ahead and
you can't focus on the past because
that's the main problem and that's one
reason why a lot of people try to kill
themselves that's one reason I used to
struggle with those thoughts is because
you focus on the past and you don't move
forward you know if I just sat in or
focused on the past all day I would be
emotionally eating myself into the
ground and I would never be making
videos I would just be crying and then
you guys wouldn't be laughing I mean you
might be laughing at me but you wouldn't
be laughing sorry I'm strained I'm
nervous I don't like talking about
suicide but I need to because I know a
lot of you guys leave me comments
especially when this Paris thing
happened a lot and I tweeted about a lot
of you guys tweeted me and said well I
think about killing myself how come you
don't care about me I tried to kill
myself how come you don't care and
that's not true I do care but sadly
there's way too many kids out there or
trying to kill themselves for me to give
personal attention to each and every one
of you which is why I'm making this
video so if you're watching this and
you're thinking about killing yourself
and you're thinking that life wow this
is getting deep why do I do this okay
all right let's get deep if you're
watching this you're thinking about
killing yourself and you think that the
world would be a better place without
you and you think that your parents and
your friends and anybody your dog
fucking turtle you think those people
are going to be better without you you
are wrong somebody is going to miss you
and somebody is going to be really
fucking mad at you if you do I'm going
to be fucking at you and I'll be fucking
kill you I mean I might know you on
Twitter I might know your Twitter
picture or your creepy hashtags that you
send me and you call yourselves Dawson
horse which is weird but I'm going to
I'm going to fucking cry about it and
that's fucked up so what I want from you
guys if you're feeling these these
things these terrible things
and I totally understand if you are
because being a kid sucks please find
something that makes you happy
find a creative outlet it might be
YouTube make videos draw color paint
walk your dog because you know what your
dog needs you my dog means me and I'm
completely ignoring her right now so I
should probably do something about that
but you need to put that energy into
something else Paris if you're watching
this which I kind of hope you're not
because I hope you're just resting but
if you're watching this you have so much
talent I know you do
I thought you know it you use that don't
kill yourself fuck that shit because we
need you we need to see what you're
going to do next we want to see it and
that goes for everybody watching this I
want to see what you guys are going to
do next and fucking better not be
killing yourself
so also I'm leaving in the description
some links to suicide prevention
hotlines and websites and places to get
tips and places to talk to other teens
I'm going to look up all about shit I'm
going to put it all in the description
for you guys to look at and and we got
to stop this guys I can't make another
suicide video I've made so many and it's
getting really depressing and I'm crying
all the time and it's sad and I don't
know how you're feeling like I've had
friends that have been suicidal and I've
talked to them and you know I understand
how hard life is I get it
and she's not worth it and I know me
saying that might not make you feel
better but but it makes me feel a little
bit better than at least I said
something because I could not live with
myself if I didn't tell you every day
how much I love you so I'm gonna go I
love you guys and I better see you
tomorrow
