hey what's up you guys yes it is Friday
which means is another plane with shade
oh that's a that's a terrible time let's
not use that I like gaming with shame
that's less disturbing almost as
disturbing as the fact that I have a
zebra next to me now you're used to that
okay so this game that I'm gonna play is
from your comments last time and a lot
of you guys wanted me to play can your
pet which is not proper English and I
thought you guys were all just
misspelling things but I know that's
actually what it's called so let's
fucking do this it's a bird and there is
a bunch of random crap around it it's
like an episode of Hoarders let's get
started Teta name who kind of out of pet
names i have about 10 pets already let's
go with fuck fuck calm yeah like that
fuck fuck calm it's asian birdy oh hell
fuck calm now what what I did good first
things oh I could give it what is that
ooh girl actually know what that's kind
of cute actually wait where's my haircut
there it is oh wait no no there oh never
mind
okay that's not it eyes alright let's
make them stone yeah fuck fuck come come
smoke too much weed woo let's make a
little schoolgirl
fuck fuck come come crossdress what is
that seda puke he'll poop on his
forehead I mean I know his name is fuck
fuck come but that's just gross - pubes
on his nose
a cluster of pubes on his chin that a
stab wound herpes all right we'll go
with herpes all right now what is this
wait what
what'd I do now I want to do fuck fuck
come come what are you doing there we go
okay what is this Oh
come come you ate the whole bag oh it's
gonna have some rough shits another one
oh god he's an emotional eater just like
his daddy you just keep eating them oh
come come okay I'm over it next what can
I do now oh I see okay I have to fill
that up with food yeah okay now I get a
sprain with the dildo is it that was it
oh this game sucks I don't want to do
chores oh my god
how many times you have to do this oh I
see yeah okay there we go
why isn't he getting clean come on fuck
no just get wet
finally dirty bitch what is this oh
that's it I think I want me to play this
a bike wait oh my god
but I did everything right is that him
I just died well at least the ending
song is catchy can your pet now I get it
what a waste of time well guys question
of the day how much do you think a can
of fuck fuck come costs I'm gonna say
ten minutes of my life I can never give
back all right you guys that was a me
playing can yo pet got any other games
you want me to play leave them in the
comments let's do this every Friday and
let's come up with a better title than
playing with Shane if you have any ideas
leave in the comment to also maybe next
time I should play with Joey what do you
guys think maybe I could can his pet
that's disgusting
and delicious love you guys fight
alright guys we just did it we just did
it yeah let me rephrase that we just
recorded we just recorded
