because of you kiss Joey hey guys yes
that is my song my thank you saw him
because we hit 400 subscribers and that
is because you guys you told your
friends you tweeted about my videos you
went on Facebook and you liked my page
and you told your friends to like my
page and listen nowadays especially on
YouTube word of mouth is everything and
you guys are spreading the word and I
wish I could put you all in my mouth so
yes I'm gonna read all those comments on
that last video and it makes some kind
of a dare / Thank You / fucking Joey
Graceffa 4 million subscriber video so
that I'll probably be up next week
because today I am on my way and we were
filming the Taylor Swift spoof it's a
spoof of the song 22 and I'll give you a
hint it's called 82 and there's gonna be
a lot of old men there so get ready
alright guys were here Lauren is so she
play on the iPod her job is the most
important of the day this could not
happen and we love we have the guys over
there oh no I think they know and we
have we have Emma over
super-young so return later Nicole I'm
ruining everybody's innocence
we totally sketch interactive new
haircut wearing a shirt I'm in a
whorehouse without the bitches you know
we try to give me your party I'll go
tonight for them Oh what see it sounded
super way the owner of the party just
like that you know because you know
there's been a mangle its cup right now
standing here with I made that with that
guy you guys remember that now on camera
Taylor how's it going yeah a song about
me yeah well I fucked you laughs I'll
have to play yeah it's about your hair
yeah like what do you say
perfectly straight into the side you're
not gonna talk about like my small penis
or like my huge balls but I think
everybody knows that ratio well look
who's here oh my god you can't see me
there we go now you see yes chocolate
sisters how you doing you saw something
today I'll give you a hint one of the
older men spread open his legs on the
couch she might have seen a sec of beans
she might have seen a little like a ham
which reminds me I'm starving can I get
some of that recipe you can have it oh
thank you well that was violent crazy
are you seeing things you've never seen
hello man is the end of the day and I'm
tired as hell or filming tomorrow - so
this is a long couple days but I'm
really excited the Taylor Swift spoof
called 82 comes out Friday and it's
gonna be insane and crazy and hopefully
you guys throw up with laughter and
throw up because you're a little bit
disturbed and disgusted so question of
the day what Taylor Swift song can you
not stand actually don't hate her songs
I kind of like them I think they're
cheesy and fun
I'd say the one that I like the least is
probably that Romeo take me somewhere we
can be alone just cuz it's boring but
let me know in the comments and I will
see you guys tomorrow
it's about to get really fucking hipster
up in here in 3 2 1
