what you do you ignore me what a try to
get it and get me around jump instead I
guess I can hey guys
yes that is a snippet I'm out of breath
that is a snippet of my new song that
I'm working on I'm really excited about
it
I've been working on this one for a
while it's someone that I did with the
my hair looks terrible right now I'm
sorry
whoa the song that I did with the
producing people called the matrix who
did like all the Avril Lavigne stuff
Luke maybe I'll be ever Lavine whoo
everyone um well how about lean in 2002
that'd be nice
okay that's the point point is I got
very excited when I woke up this morning
at noon and I saw that I'm really close
to four million subscribers I can't
believe this this is in corny music here
so okay okay
I'll let you intimate I just I just want
to brag and thank God and everybody else
okay four million subscribers you guys
this is insane
I've know a lot of you guys are like
Shane four million like you know that's
not that much on YouTube anymore
it's listen it's not as much as a lot of
other youtubers but for me it means a
lot because I mean I've been doing this
for a long time and I put so much energy
and working with these videos and I do
it by myself and I really really want to
keep going and knowing that you guys are
still around and knowing that you're
telling your friends and there's more
subscribers every day really gives me
the motivation to keep going so I just
want to say I love you and I'm so
thankful that being said I think we're
like 10,000 subscribers away from 4
million so here's what I want to do
let's make this the formula weekend
y'all
that sounds really creepy it's like a
fair Abraham video or Millie weekend
know what I mean is um if we can get to
4 million subscribers this weekend by
you guys telling your friends and
tweeting about it and facebooking about
it and telling people check out my new
video whatever you wanted
let's do something really fun to
celebrate whether that means me posting
a 25 minute video at me enjoy making
help Oh an hour video let me enjoy
making out um whether that means you
watching me get my chest waxed maybe by
gently whatever you want leave some
comments letting me know what you want
my 4,000,000 like dare / celebration
video to be because I want to make more
and I'm excited and done and it's all
because of you guys and I love you so
much so thank you for watching and thank
you for subscribing and thank you for
telling your friends and I love you and
also if you tweet about me to your
friends like hey guys check out my
friend Shane Dawson's videos I love him
and you should watch and I see those
tweets because you put action Dawson I
will follow you instantly like a creepy
stalker coin where'd you go horny she
literally went to sleep she's very bored
okay so that's all I want to talk about
today I'm going to go I love you guys so
much
Taylor Swift video is coming out next
week right now there's a new video on my
main channel I hope you watched it I
hope you liked it and um I'm going to go
I love you that's the ugliest face
you've ever made shade
