oh geez Christina what the fuck a bit of
a bitch hey what's up you guys so today
I'm going to do something a little bit
different I'm going to play a video game
and film myself playing it while you
just watch what you guys want me to do
this
fuck it let's try it out okay um this
game is called happy wheels and I really
hope it's a car game and I hope I get a
pic Lindsay Lohan because I want to fuck
some shit up whoa that's a sexy woman
okay so I guess we just pressed play I
don't know
I'm obviously really good at gaming
Fatman xscape
sounds like my childhood let's play it
oh god what is happening is that a boat
is that precious what do I do
forward oh god everybody's having a
seizure wait Who am I oh I'm Han a limb
on a Segway oh whoa whoa okay black man
is reappearing and appearing I don't
understand what's happening oh my god
some final destination shit oh I'm
running over her body
Oh God oh oh okay wait I get it up is
for Oakes our girl up is forward left is
crunching a bone right is crunching a
motherfuckers brain and down is does
nothing I don't know I don't jump
Oh spacebar
oh sorry girl oh okay okay okay here we
go here we go yeah oh girl sorry I broke
Ben neck I broke that neck okay do I
okay so there's fat people up there so
do I help them escape I didn't do that
oh now I got it okay
OOP sorry black eye oh oh oh god oh my
god is a showable family you know what
though that's why I guys should never
try the splits doesn't work oh my god my
arms
well not in the perfect position now
what I'm doing the worm well this has
been fun I don't know what to do I guess
I'll break dance ah yeah uh uh ah all
right let's pick something else this is
really depressing how do I go back oh no
I don't want to do this again oh it
tells you right here what to do
Oh video gaming is harder than I thought
it was going to be alright let's try
something else
Pokemon training Renaissance uh if
that's anything like the Renaissance
Fair No thank you all unless I can kill
everybody let's try it it is the
Renaissance Fair okay um I'll have fun
today
all right get out of my way big booby
bitches cuz I'm coming from ya okay
never mind
I just broke my legs oh my god now the
big fat Renaissance women are gonna come
and eat me must get out oh let's try
wipeout I love that show oh my god at
the chance to be a big fat black man on
a lawn mower this is my dream I'm
starting to understand gaming now I
really am alright
let's go precious oh shit oh god oh god
I've got another up oh god no no no no I
don't think I like this game this game
is making me do bad things
can you still jump I'm sorry impressive
I tried all right let's try Pokemon
training because I know Joey Graceffa
loves Pokemon and I want to understand
why perfect I'll be a family with kids
this is gonna go well all right we're
going in the Pokemon gym oh there's
Pikachu Oh God
okay sorry dad oh my god oh my god oh my
god where did this kid go I'm sure she's
fine
oh I think that fell on her oh I just
heard her body
well thanks Pikachu yep asshole all
right let's try one more game I'm gonna
redeem myself I promise let's do car
thief where's Amanda Bynes there she is
in 20 years where am i oh ho fat lady
holidays oh shit oh don't lose your soul
oh no wow whoa oh no oh this is not
gonna be good
Oh your gum oh not as much blood as I
thought there's gonna be you know what
let's play one more and I'm gonna go
into this one wanting to kill everything
fuck winning who wants to win let's all
die the hotel every hotel I've ever
slept in I smell like a dead person so
I'm guessing this one is going to be no
different
well this is stupid what am I supposed
to do
I'm gonna kill you motherfucker yeah
well crunch on your face bitch come on
let me crunch in your face come on yeah
yeah yeah oh and oh I couldn't even see
me crunching her face it's not as fun oh
here we go
oh no no no no no go back go back oh
fuck
I'll kill you later bitch oh I don't
want to kill a black guy again I want to
kill this kid yeah I mean what can I
kill them no no what see what happens
when I want to kill somebody I end up
killing myself
can this bitch isn't even helping me
what would you do if you're in an
elevator and the guy with you was on a
Segway and both of his legs broke off
you would at least take a picture well I
can still do this just cuz I have a
disability doesn't mean I can't jump on
a Segway I'm like Lance Armstrong up in
this motherfucker oh this is gonna end
really bad oh ah and this motherfucker
is just listening to his music he don't
give a shit there's a guy bleeding to
death right under you dude hey lifeguard
you want to take a look to your left you
might want to clean that up and why is
there a kid in the pool with all of his
clothes on who was at me well I guess
that's it guys that was me trying to
play this game called happy wheels I
still don't understand it all it is is
people dying and legs breaking off and
fat people getting beat the fuck up and
I can't wait to play it again so leave
me a comment do you want me to play
another game what do you want me to play
let me know I don't know anything about
games and trying to figure it out so
hope you had fun hanging with me I'm
finding with you and I'll show you
tomorrow oh by the way brand new main
Channel video motherfuckas and it's
really funny and I hope you like it and
go check it out and go like it and
favorite it and send it to all your
friends or I'll come and find you and
I'll jump on you in my Segway and I'll
probably end up killing myself instead
of you because I don't really know how
to use a Segway oh well see you guys
later bye so now we're gonna go a drive
around more get high and shoot up a
liquor store
