Oh
well this is awkward hey Khloe
Kardashian oh that's a possum yeah you
want a second haha catch it I can't see
if I can do oh I just did the
motherfucking Apple pay up motherfucker
hey guys yes we're high no we're not
yeah she is a little bit Wow fuck woohoo
I'm paranoid cuz I'm high so we just
went to my brother's work it's Memorial
Day so we're just driving around doing
nothing because you know we have friends
my brother works at this place that
sells electronic cigarettes and I have
never seen one before and this is what
it looks like it looks like a science
project it also looks like heroin and
basically all that's in this one is not
it's literally just like cookie
flavoring and that's it yeah there's no
nicotine
there's no don't do nicotine we best
trashy we classy we just breathe in
cookie juice so this is literally like
breathing in flavor where it's candy
yeah
so we're having fun we got a bunch of
random flavors and we're just gonna get
high all day by the way they're not
supposed to make you um dizzy or
anything but I'm gay and I don't know
what blowing an air up into that head
and there's nothing else up there that's
true so now we're gonna go a drive
around more get high and shoot up a
liquor store that's what sex looks like
yeah that's what sex what the horror
looks like yeah what do you even mean
mom mom mom
mom
boom
Missy are you what's in your mouth what
oh you're holding oh my god I don't know
it wasn't running today
no I think something just blew up is
everything okay I read in Lisa go oh my
god this is like Cloverfield everything
good sounded like an explorer well you
know what it is it's all the men
clicking at the like button on your new
match.com page tell mom explain to
everybody I signed you up actually it's
not much I can't but I signed you up on
a dating website yeah so how is it going
good I've gotten a few weeks okay I've
sent out two weeks
I don't know this is looking good I
helped her with her profile so her
tagline is a slippery when wet talking
and her likes are everything stop it
Shane you are so bad
question of the day guys if you were on
a dating website what would the first
thing under your like section be mine
would be food my mom's is Jesus well
food in Jesus name dogs
yeah and dogs I'm so what would your
kisses be I think me and Lisa are gonna
go swimming right now so guess what
you're not going to see that because
we're both very very very self-conscious
about our bodies but I'll show you me in
a shirt jumping in a pool if you want
living it it
I mean - the shirt hey around your
whining oh man for the record I'm not
wearing moving neither am I
my mom is staging a photo shoot right
now for her dating profile she wants to
show she wants to show how much she
loved darling Oh Lord
mom's gonna get so much dick with his
pic corny why you don't want corny in
the picture not your red this is not
going well is this supposed to look
stage jorts is supposed to look like
naturals
well guys it's the end of the day and it
has been an interesting day I got high I
got my mom's penis and I got in the
swimming pool in Asscher in choice
mm-hmm I hope you have fun hang with me
get that funny with you and I'm sure
your tomorrow bye
don't touch it don't break it don't
break it air kiss okay and he also gave
me a huge bag of warheads and on the bag
it says do the challenge motherfucker
