say hello to my pokemons what the fuck
oh hey we weren't doing anything
inappropriate no he dropped a yeah I
gotta take it up with my mouth got it
hey guys yes it is hashtag Shoei that's
right we're back look how good we look
together look at my shirt matches yours
Wow we've even plan that no we didn't
you know who planned that he'll god did
not I highly doubt that but okay God's
priorities have been messed up like he
totally forgot about Amanda Bynes
remembered us so yes today is a video
called are you gay challenge now listen
a lot of our comments okay all of our ,
90% are hey are you kidding but you get
your you get you gay um so we decided
instead of making a video saying if
we're gay or not why don't we just
answer a bunch of your guys's questions
from Twitter that are some pretty gay
questions and then at the end we'll
tally up all the answers and we'll see
if or finally see if we're gay right
because I guess we don't know we don't
because you know we're grownups this is
so we still Donna this is gonna get very
person oh gosh
do you like to use the back entrance or
the front I'm just talking I'm talk
about houses
don't go dirty I mean today we went in
the back entrance like I did the front
entrance is a lot easier well listen
it's socially more acceptable the back
entrance like you have to be ready for
some criticism I mean I'm talking about
my house yeah me too yeah me right it
was hard though to get into his back
entrance today because it was really
like it was hitting the key and kinda
like jiggle it and we almost like a
1-point how to kick it him I did
actually have to kick it in but luckily
I got my whole body inside I know I was
very proud of you
Thanks welcome what are your thoughts on
dick piercings I personally would never
get one because that seems painful but
what kind of dick piercing is it is it
like the one where they go right through
it or is it kind of just like a little
like clip-on
haha like it's just like dangling like
it's just like like a little flap of
skin and then it's like or is it all oh
oh like when you pee it comes out like
ten different areas that's like say no
no I wouldn't get one either my main
issue for duck anyone isn't that it's
gay it's that you have to get hard and
then the tattoo artist who is probably
gonna be very hard to get hard to is
grabbing it that's the hardest part
that's the worst part of it like one
girl like like unzips his pants he goes
oh bleep leg ha ha ha ha
this is crude how many carats is that
yeah or how many what flavour chapstick
do you use pomegranate it's really good
it's actually I'm gonna just end the
video right we have the other
pomegranate yes that's like the
fruitiest fruit in the fruit world
pomegranates my favorite fruit
so did I get my favorite chapstick is
birthday cake because I can't eat
birthday cake because I have fat girls
metabolism so I have to put it on my
face do you have that girl's metabolism
I don't but I eat like I do because I
need to be fit yep how thirsty is your
butt right now
one ha ha ha I got a scale of 1 to 10
like how third leg is your butt thirsty
I don't think I fully understand the
question that's a point for straight my
butt is always just dry mouth
well my butt I always want some like a
bowl okay have you ever had anything
waxed yes what I get my chest boxed
really yeah why because I like a smooch
that made me very angry that is like an
Ursula variable I was like not sexual at
all oh that's like my Helen Keller what
she discovered or something ago at the
Helen Keller burbs hahahaha what search
words do you use when you go on youporn
I don't use that site Oh use x2
pornhub redtube point I'm dating all of
them I actually never really heard of
those I've heard of youporn but what do
you use horn is a sin and no one should
ever look at it and that's the story I'm
going with look at it but you would do
it right oh hell yeah
perfect me too have you ever dressed up
like a girl yes what that's disgusting
that's horrible yeah you're one to talk
oh yeah see but I don't dress up like
girls I think I should be rephrased -
how many days a week do trussed up like
a girl because I think that changes it a
lot how in this week do you dress like a
girl
well Joey uh pretty much every day but I
don't dress up like a girl I dress up
like a manly girl there's a difference
to me you're like a manly girl really
because I would have sex with you oh I
mean I would have to like yes are awake
on so did we just uh I mean I'm like who
knows if I get hold on at the end of the
video I think we're totally gonna think
this is like our coming out video oh no
will be much more naked man yeah okay
final question are you ready yep when
you're in a club what's your signature
dance move I actually really hate clubs
fine then when you're home alone I
really like rachet I like to shake my
hips like I'm really good at shaking my
hips well show us
ladies come my favorite food right oh
there's your answer
I like to smell dick oh no just yell
dick
okay so we've answered all the questions
we showed all the dance moves actually
it's not all the questions oh that's
right ten more questions are on Joey's
Channel with us right so when you go
over there you're gonna find out once
and for all are you gay this is a big
moment
I feel like Oprah Oprah Gail hahaha hi
guys OPI funny with us we're funny with
you and I will see you in two seconds
when you go to Joey's video peace out
y'all something's going on can smell
your gross if I feel like we're in a
basement there's a light there's a
camera you're holding that let's just
get to filming
