Oh
well this is awkward oh my god you guys
so I'm just like walking down this
random parking lot hoping to get raped
just like wearing my favorite shirt oh
yeah you're the happiest rapist I've
ever run into
I get that a walk my god like like when
I saw rape on like CSI like it's never
like that fun and you made a fire I like
it to be a good experience when I'm in
therapy talking about it you want the
therapist to be like girl now sounds
like a good ass time why are you here oh
yeah this is bad hashtag JK y'all
hashtag rape is not actually know you
have a saying about rape what is the
same my saying would be like don't
believe the hype like a snob I bet it's
fun I'm kidding I'm kidding
rape is terrible rape is so bad y'all
anyways well now that you guys hate us
cuz we're making fun of rape
we're gonna make a video together this
is very exciting I'm really excited I
know so we're gonna make a video
answering answering questions and I'm
not gonna give it away but this is gonna
be this is gonna be interesting video
it's gonna be yeah it's gonna be good so
we're about to go get some well we don't
to go to the grocery store right we
don't think it much a crap for you to
put on my face this is just we need to
get questions guys I knew it Joey's a
vampire that's blood what kind of blood
do you think it is do you think it's
period blood I knew it was a freak look
at that big sex toy that freaky
motherfucker let's see we subscribe to
do you think you subscribe to me oh my
god you subscribe to me there I am do
you think you ever watches my videos
like naked sitting on the ball drinking
blood my dreams are coming true but
seriously why do you have a cup of blood
oh my god that is a juice it made me
feel so sick that is not that's blood
made my P pink the juice did not do that
the things that you do on the weekend
that trust me one time my pee was neon
blue how'd you get that from all the
neon blue people that I had sex with
earlier oh I think when that happen oh
the worst are you ready grab that Johnny
much rowdy Oh Lord grab that and oh oh
yeah yeah just like that yeah
oh this is taking me a comfortable I
feel like your uncle I feel like we're
in a basement there's a light there's a
camera you're holding that let's just
get to filming well guys we just filmed
the video they went really well yeah now
I'm not I'm just going to give you a
hint as to what this is it'll probably
be up tomorrow and I'm going to give you
a hint the video tomorrow may or may not
be called are you gay that's beautiful
my face doesn't do that it's perfect has
I've been a very nice man look how
perfect we are together
haha we're so hot so like uh you know I
do have some let's have some questions
right now just why not
it's a Joey what's your favorite thing
about me that took way too long um you
have you have the nice um nice facial
hair I just shaved today ah the nice
clean shaven piece today well you have a
nice penis cover that is my penis cage
when it gets real out of control asti I
put that on it oh it doesn't even it's
too floppy for me it's because um you
know you a touch me again okay I'm ready
all right you guys hope you had fun
hanging with us today we have fun
hanging with you and we will see you in
this very interesting video tomorrow mmm
question of the day do you have a penis
cage he's dirty okay listen you guys
think Oh Shane you're perverting Joey Oh
Shane ever since Joyce are hanging out
with you he's getting dirty it's your
fault he's been like this Oh ever since
I whenever I hang out with you like this
or comes on to me and it's like I'm
possessed by the dirty dead ho gaes up I
mean Joey for help please that's the
inner Joey coming out try to ask for
help
well I won't after that I don't know if
I want to be in Joey oh wait what I
don't want to meet the energy OE oh Lord
I love you
ok question of the day on a scale of one
to ten how dirty do you think Joey is in
real life I'm gonna give you a hint it's
a hundred and ten I'm actually negative
turning member I'm possessed
oh that's right excuses all right guys I
love you hope you have fun in with us
wait nothing with you I was are you
tomorrow bye don't you be kissing on
them day my you could kiss Ariana you
could kiss on y'all stay mine hahahahaha
later peppers it's me Shane and I want
to give this rose
not to you
