they call me Pikachu because I'm too
cuddly and cuz I'd like to see my whole
family cuz they invaded my personal
space hey guys I just want to see how
long you'd watch that for all the people
that are still watching the creepiest
fuck haha so today I'm filming a main
Channel video which is why I have lights
everywhere and makeup on my face not
enough makeup to cover up that herby
work I'm a slut so today I thought would
be fun if I didn't ask Shane I don't
know why I held up a computer for this
so today I thought I would go on
Facebook and say hey guys what do you
want to know most of you guys said when
are you coming out of the closet listen
my closet is big spacious roomy and
there's a couch up in here so I am just
Jalen you see Mariah Carey cribs that's
what my closet look like there's like a
bathtub in it I could go on sweater I
could just do my nails I got a bunch of
other YouTube friends up in here girl we
having a party no I'm just kidding I'm
all alone in here first question lacy
wants to know hey Shane what's the
hardest thing you've ever done in your
life the end of a plunger that was rough
Mariska wants to know why do famous
people always die in such crazy ways I
don't think celebrities dying in crazy
ways I mean they either overdose on
drugs they get into a plane crash they
kill themselves I mean it's not like
they're dying in like final destination
ways I mean it's not like Brittany
Murphy was like running in the park and
she's like dude pigeons and then a big
fucking glass fell on her Kiki wants to
know hey Shane how many youtubers have
you kissed okay well there was Lisa and
there was Shauna and there was Joey and
I am a slut Joe wants to know what do
you think about your life well Joe
there's a life-size cutout of a zipper
behind me
oh and pillows that look like sushi and
a cupcake wedding Sofia wants to know
when did I get my first period
well Sofia I don't mean to confuse you
but I'm not a woman I'm a womanly man
but that's totally different blood does
not come out of my vagina it comes out
of my ass sometimes but that's a whole
nother problem but guys do go through
kind of a period it's more of a period
of depression and confusion once you
start to grow hair everywhere and
girls think her disgusting I won't
through that when I was about ten and it
lasted till I died no but seriously I
was very hairy when I was 10 my balls
look like the fucking lead singer of
LMFAO and there was no party rocking in
the house tonight like at all
the only person invited to this party
was me and even I did not want to be
there and girl the party smelled like
cheese the whole place might like cheese
the next question this is getting
depressing Brooke wants to know when did
you know you were in love with Miley
Cyrus well Miley me have one of those
notebook relationships it's tragic it's
sad she's probably gonna die before I do
and she still doesn't quite know I exist
but my love for her is still strong so
Miley get over here come to the cheese
party Katie wants to know hey Shane how
do you stay so positive all the time
well Katie you know I just sit back and
think about my life and think about the
fact that I'm 24 and I'm still on
YouTube and I'm still making videos and
wearing wigs and doing crazy things for
people on the internet who I've never
fucking met and then I remember the fact
that I bought ten dogs because I was
trying to fill a void in my heart and I
was like maybe if I get more dogs
that'll make me a happier person and
then unless hundred fifty pounds cuz I
thought well maybe if I lose a bunch of
weight than people like me who find me
people would set me for me and I won't
have to put on a show and act like a
holter person that I really am and all
of that just makes me really really
fucking positive good luck Katie I'm
just kidding I love my life did I
mention I have a cardboard cutout of a
zebra buy me Winnie
Shanna wants to know what's your
favorite type of egg I don't know what
that means so I'm just gonna go with
yours Annabelle has why do people think
you're gay I don't know I'm so manly OOP
that would taste delight come Nadia says
what was your first reaction when
YouTube said hey we want to make you
famous well Nadia that it's not how win
it all it went more like hey we never
ever want anybody to find your videos
because you're fucking crazy and we
don't want people to think this is what
YouTube is for the first like two years
I was on YouTube YouTube did not want
anybody to know I was on YouTube you had
to fucking search like my name all my
character names my fucking address you
had to put in everything to find one of
my videos and then like two years into
it YouTube was like okay we'll let
people see him and then that lasted a
year and now you have to type in my
fucking ball size but you know what it's
fine because I don't make youtube videos
to be famous or to be super popular or
any of that
I make them because I honestly have no
fucking life
well these questions are really just
taken in there Peter says play fetch
with your dogs
well Peter that sounds like physical
activity and you know what I say to that
Sarah wants me to do a reaction to the
Hunger Games trailer all right let me
look this up okay I am watching The
Hunger Games - Catching Fire which grow
if you don't wear a condom that's what's
gonna happen okay here we go I see a
bunch of people now I see a woman who
has a huge bowl of cheetos on her head I
see a lot of black people there wasn't
that many black people in the first one
I might actually see this one I'm pretty
sure I saw an old black man get the two
in the pink one in the stink hand
gesture I'm definitely gonna see this
now don't you shot somebody in the head
okay now I see Lady Gaga walking with
Kim Kardashian and Ryan Seacrest and I
see a girl with a very complicated ass
hair braid where was this new Hunger
Games film is this The Hunger Games or
the ghetto Games
oh he just punched her in the face this
is the ghetto Games and you got a whip
what are you gonna have a whip okay
my reaction this is the black Games
you got people being shot you got girls
game punching their head you have
complicated us hair braids you have old
black men doing them sewing why the hell
is Sheneneh not in this movie anyways I
can't wait to go see it I'm gonna give
that movie trailer a ten out of ten
Shanina a gross so question the day have
you seen the Hunger Games - trailer what
did you think are you surprised that
there's so many black people in it and
does that excite you like it excites me
all right you guys I'm gonna go I hope
you have fun with me - hang with you and
also there might not be a new main
channel video this Friday my computer
broke I just got it back today they said
it was fixed turned it on that shit was
still broke so I had to return it and
now I don't get it back for another five
days so I'm filming a video for Friday
but I have nothing to fucking edited on
I don't know what you guys are thinking
girl you got your laptop I can't it out
my laptop cuz I don't have final cut on
my laptop I don't have my music and my
sound effects Oh pinky youtubers though
are but just trust me there will be a
new main channel video next Friday it's
gonna be a good one and then we're gonna
do a Taylor Swift spoof just good videos
are coming up fucking promise all right
you guys I love you hope you have fun
day with me here tomorrow bye
yeah my first stunt on this channel one
two three
