holy shit whoa I am here which every
star I'm nervous
hi I'm nervous so I was like okay what
are we going to do and then I saw a lot
of comments from people when we posted a
picture together being like fuck you
you're both awful I hate you we both
have a lot of heat a lot when I typed in
to YouTube
I hate jeffree star 875 pages pasta
I hate chain Dawson about 800 like we're
not
what's your trigger though I have one
yes well I think that there's just so
much out there that people misconstrue
or try to focus on and lately girl it's
been a little crazy right my trigger is
like that arms Walter with mine
like I'm here I'm a guest in your home
okay let's dragon you first shine
fucking Dawson probably one of the most
annoying quit that you would ever
fucking say always one I love it all so
that could be my dad we look very
quickly and it could be my father as
well
he is an attention-seeking little hole
he said little know if the cookies like
small not her arm fatigue be subtle he
said obnoxious looking motherfucker
that's we're at me that's not there I
could go on history do you are out of a
fucking slut I've got offensive to
stroke Victor you can't say that someone
across one of his many I cross fucking
videos the other day I mean he is right
that thumbnail it was not a little to
take it on a stripper pole and it was
probably me in my mom like eating a
burger right it had him and add Lady
gaga
and I had legs over in the title in the
description in the category how do they
have people he's such a big Lady Gaga
saying he's like hey why she's so big
fuckin monster claws are out now can
picture showed Olson on the net
Lady Gaga just behind me shoulder break
because obviously all the attention has
to be on same motherfucking Dalton
oh now she's an untiring fish
aha I'm gonna sock on down there you go
go vote me fuck don't go don't go don't
listen do you can drag us for days do
not drag our God or try any wolf survive
it doesn't give a shit about his pants
he doesn't care about anybody young
peasant on so I love that he thinks I
care about myself got the nicest thing
Evans Melissa thank you okay oh yeah
here I have no clue how long I've been
waiting to make this video he's been
waiting yes who knows see she it oh my
god also I agree because like I didn't
know what you all you either
extraterrestrial God thank you what's
your pronoun um you ha ha ha
because Jeffrey star is to watch the
whack job that nobody knows about
because he's an idiot ugly bastard he'll
true my dad is dead so he did know that
he did his research right now I'm going
to cover his music music yeah you don't
really talk about this on your channel
no metal music career me we're talking
almost 8 9 years of touring the world of
doing music and I think a lot of the
makeup community just doesn't know about
it
I had a music career too okay we all
talked about it but I think we should
both show each other like one snippet of
our were song okay I'm down hold the
fuck up talk about boom boom pow without
Jeffrey fucking star
listen that picture I got you so good
we're on a biscuit yeah you were for
Obama though that's good I loved him
look at that eyeliner I mean my track
relays your tracks were there I think we
both can admit that those deserve hate
okay guys the jeffree star
I should have Howard sucks but she's
wearing the seven of the colors on her
eyes oh it is so unbundle I'm wearing it
right now and to blend as much I had to
use three different brushes and get
carpal tunnel syndrome getting it look
presentable that a tall girl that's give
my ride the fate of it all
I love her it was great they're kinda I
kind of want her to be the next
spokesperson for my brand she keeps it
real
but this palette but overdraw not what I
expected there even if I could spell
mine because people are hating it they
don't like it sell mine she's like I
gotta give this shit I gotta give this
in a way I like it what's funny is like
she's saying whatever she's saying about
it which is totally fine but it looks
really pigmented actually on her eyes
that girl you did a really good job yeah
I disagree I think she looks beautiful
oh oh very much since I started this
channel everyone has asked me the same
question
oh are you gonna kill somebody are you
guys with next that's a question why do
I beat Shane Dawson so much why do I
have this personal grudge I'm so scared
well it's finally New Year's Day and
that's promised I was like
a resolution you can stick to Happy New
Year can be honest and like Hollett yeah
no I'm not mad at this I'm like I wanted
to scope of me final round before I go
on hiatus for a couple months that means
using the murders oh my god take your R
for me gay jokes he was refusing huh how
often he called someone easy as a fag or
a gay ho mah gay ho mah say which word
under but you get the idea
damn your home old fag first of all okay
I have a question about the word fag
what is the barometer of like who can
say the word fag I mean everyone see in
like the gay community or out like that
word is kind of like people joke around
about those things all the time I don't
know well I was called yeah I was called
the fact all through my whole life yeah
in fifth grade does the first time I
heard that word and people de started
saying dag and Gaylord literally in
elementary school but I wore little you
know knee-high socks and is on my knees
and I don't you know anything
yeah I wore normal clothes that people
just said I had a fag pace okay so you
do that is with Manny anyway well
somebody made a video showing that all
he does is repeat you correct this is
the line ding this this is blinding a
lot of tough times right a lot of like
maybe a sister Rose actually yeah it's
Rose this is amazing oh the baby
okay let's use vigil are you living I'm
living it's here the French and Weiner
what is gonna make me a miner that's a
girl is like like I got the hot dog like
you that makes it alright let's do one
more for you this video is just called a
few reasons to hate Jeffery okay I was
in my own video yeah that was my old
title we get this from your channel when
you spray-painted your dog's nose be
video I did I beta it's a vegan animal
friendly hair dye and your animal has to
be white this non-toxic right
hold it down bitch that's my girl
that's all haters though you spit on
them out I mean look at that - fuck
Dredd look at Molly girl don't try to
now that I have my lesbian Orange County
haircut I think everybody go for it I'm
offended meet you big girl new
background search dog yes I love you any
other girly right I'll get it it's why
my reaction I still remember this okay
I'm thinking I'm not going to be
anywhere in life fiction when you get
wait much did you know I read it I'm
like you didn't get fuck did you girl
okay ha nine years old now you probably
all know this blogger Shane Dawson we
thank you you know on the edge of being
a boy or a girl we all know well all we
need you to do is send in commenting do
you think Shane Dawson boy or girl
to me I personally think you do I get
out here so young to be saying this shit
waiting
oh whatever I think that's fun I mean
I'm not trying to hear anything but
Shane Dawson you're okay you're fun
what I'm not sure if you're a boy or
girl
this is every conversation I've had with
my family members see you guys bye moves
back for another blogging video do you
think you did like an update right guys
I read the comment I figure it out what
gender he is Bob listen hate videos are
incredible I love it I've never actually
watched that many of them and now this
is my new hobby yes I think I know what
I'm doing every Sunday thanks guys go to
Jeffrey's channel subscribe and watch me
get my makeup done hopefully I mean I
look like shit right now but he's going
to make about the transform yes shame
car is coming soon guys maybe it does
not you want to see more videos also
subscribe my channel it's a notification
but all that shit I really
so weird I am a clerk or a long-lost
sister that are finally reconnecting
after I got kidnapped in second grade
glad to be back by God so shine Dolson
fuck you
Oh
