so this week I got my cheek Spurs I took
five different Instagram pictures of my
shit and I try to kill myself on Twitter
twice
hi Jared about his life oh okay go
astray by his life I didn't realize were
logging this this is that's how she
really treats me bitch so we are on our
way to what the hell are we going -
we're going to the opening night of a
YouTube comedy week so they ironically
invited us they thought he was Epic Meal
Time and they thought I was a Lucas
Cruikshank they think I was I thought
you were they thought you were jenna
Marbles after she like went crazy and
dyed her hair black okay so we're on our
way it's very exciting there's gonna be
celebrities here there's gonna be us
they were like do you want green room
tickets or like actual tickets I'm like
I don't know we went both and they're
like well you can only have one so I
picked the greener one because they told
us that's they said they're all the cool
kids are hanging out as in celebs yeah
so Sarah Silverman's gonna be there I
mean yeah but people are gonna think
you're Sarah so what if the greenroom is
just like a super eco-friendly room and
it's just hipsters yeah oh no I'm kind
of with a Sarah Silverman definitely
won't be there oh they're all gonna be
juicing they're all gonna be farting
slime squirting can't wait oh my god
y'all we're in Cougar Town Jared you're
such a cougar actually Lauren you're
more the Cougar oh my god you kind of
look like Courtney Cox and Cougar Town
you have a lot of work done so did I
collection we're right here
what go Ricky J well we just got to the
dressing room and Lauren has already
found the fat toad farm Lauren and Jared
have completely ripped open the gift bag
nightmare I mean they look I'm ANSYS oh
this must be what it's like with Paris
Hilton like at the Tonight Show
like she's just like food there's beef
jerky - we saw Seth Rogen and Skrillex
so Seth Rogen coming out of the porta
potty oh I smell - shit smoky grilled
teriyaki for Oh
No Zuckerberg though oh god you didn't
see that oh god why don't we go put the
bow-wow
button go break in there say you're the
stripper and they'll be like hi my name
is Shane Dawson and I've been making
videos on YouTube since 2006 and a lots
changed since then Beca no six the only
form of comedy on YouTube was a toddler
playfully nibbling it on his brother's
finger and a big fat black woman falling
on a coffee table and breaking her ass
and now we've moved on to bigger and
better things like a different big fat
black woman choking on cinnamon til she
almost dies and a bunch of tween agers
shoving condoms up their nose trying to
snip them into their nasal cavities and
then pull them out of their mouths
that's a real thing I've done it it
works
everybody YouTube has evolved and I
think it deserves a slow clap come on
everybody too fast too fast so
tweenagers take those condoms out of
your nose in your mouth you're gonna
need them cuz here is three loco
paparazzi paparazzi oh shit oh shit is
that Jarrod get on my blood I gotta fart
right now
damn I'll make it a brown carpet oh
really so Jerry got mistaken for a Seth
Rogen epic no time to throw fuck yeah
anybody with a beard basically basically
look out for Mythbusters that's always a
question of the day who does Jared look
like I'm gonna go the government
Buster's so we've been trying to get a
picture of Seth Rogen all day and I'm
nervous I'm too nervous yeah he seemed
like a pretty cool guy I mean listen
like I feel like I have a little clout I
could be like hey I just performed like
I'm not just a creepy fan see my thing
is I'm just gonna look to people and
tell me hey man and one things I look
like you or just kind of pull like we
know each other hey man have you been
better duh just do that to everybody
because it's hard to be rude to someone
who feels like maybe they know you
okay well Skrillex's room is raining
stars so how about you go up to Skrillex
and say hey people say I look like you a
bro oh I don't know if you get it the
same with me because people know who I
am but it was a look like you will try
it out so we're here at the after party
Jarrod found the food
vegan you're not vegan well maybe I
found a really good food Lauren put all
of the gift bag food her first literally
I'm stashing like all this chocolate oh
no there's like um peanut a shoe
situation were so good speaking of
peanut cashew situation I just met the
fucking host of Cupcake Wars
here's a picture yep and I was too
scared to go come so Jared was like oh
my god
my brother loves you can you take a
picture and the Cupcake Wars guy went
okay and we uncomfortably hugged and
then I told him I'd see him on Instagram
it was very awkward
he said my fiancee love you and so is my
brother perfect all right guys the show
is over the after-party just started and
we're going home we're leaving we're
tired question of the day already asked
you who does Jared look like I said
Jared looks like the guy from
Mythbusters Jared thinks he looks like
Seth Rogen who do you think Jared looks
like I don't know somebody I'm Revenge
of the Nerds or something like that with
the glasses
so like that fuck no be like that cool
guy from grounded for life that's real
fucked up all I heard is nerd but guess
what
it's a nerds world yeah if you answer
the question that in the comments and
like this video and favorite it you
could win like whatever the fuck this is
I signed it I don't know what this is
it's a fucking something it's a neck
thing you can wear that at school and
get beat up and I'll pee on it see y'all
later - help me up are you doing I'll
see you on my god
I think I'll go for a walk outside holy
fuck
