they call me Pikachu because I'm too
cuddly and cuz I'd like to see my whole
family cuz they invaded my personal
space I think I'll go for a walk outside
holy fuck so guess what guys my car got
broken into and I know I shouldn't laugh
about this because it's not funny but
because I'm such a cheap fuck I don't
have anything worth stealing so they
broke into my car and rummage through my
protein bars literally ate one and left
the wrapper and they took one of my chap
sticks and that's all they got they left
my big YouTube award in the back because
even they were too fucking lazy to take
it out of my car looks like me and them
up something in common I mean I don't
know what to do do I call the cops do I
just stand here do I take Instagram pics
I blame Lindsay Lohan definitely
shouldn't done that Oh what are you guys
doing in my freezer I was just about to
put in my dessert all right freeze up
good for me yeah yeah get back there
with that ice cream oh yeah yeah no fine
I'll eat you melted hey guys I'm just
drowning my feelings with food as you
can see it's full of ice cream and it
should be full of little puppies but
this one's just too hard to get I'll eat
you later anyways yes I am drowning my
feelings right now can't believe I got
carjacked
well not carjack that's when somebody
actually steals the car the people who
did it to me we're like oh girl this car
is nasty there is boogers everywhere all
there is is a bunch of weight watcher
protein bars let's just break the window
and get the fuck out of here thanks guys
I'd rather you've stolen the car that
way I feel like at least I have a pimp
ride so I had to go to the dealership
now they're working on my car and now
I'm driving this shitty ass fucking
rental car it smells like weed there's
no radio and there's cum stains
everywhere so it's pretty much just like
my last car so now I'm waiting for Lisa
to get home so she could hold me in her
arms while I cry like a little girl
cradle me said I could call raped I hope
he was cute
no I don't know maybe speaking of
feeling raped
I felt raped today I have a smell in the
bathroom was that fixed so Lisa came in
this morning and I just remembered after
I woke up I remembered that she was like
hey I know you're sleeping but I clogged
the toilet and I can't unclog it so can
you do it later I love you bye so then I
woke up and I went to go pee and I saw
the plunger and I'm like now I remember
so I told her I'm not going to do it so
you do it come on it's your poopy get in
that bathroom listen if it's too hard
I'll do it I'll get from this angle so
we don't see anyone so I don't know how
clogged toilets work but oh but all this
shit like fucking so I'm afraid right
it's a work woman take off that jacket
somebody broke in my car and you broke
your bowels we both have brakes today Oh
God I shouldn't have looked
why did I look the worst part of it is
that's probably not just your poop
that's probably like our poop from the
last five weeks but all right guys
question of the day what did you eat
yesterday ok I'm gonna go help her all
right you guys I love you I hope you're
fucking with us at funny with you and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
oh okay that was it salvage it she just
stopped doing it like a tea bag
