hey guys guess why I'm afraid you should
be because it's another ask Shane and
his mom know like two girls one
watermelon no I'm not gonna have to
watch anything right you just made that
one up let's make it so I looked through
some of the comments from the last one
and I went on Twitter and asked you guys
what you wanted me to ask my mom and you
guys are just as sick as you were last
week what does your mom think about the
Farrah Abraham Teen Mom backdoor sex
tape okay I haven't seen it nor am I
gonna watch it oh she's gonna regret it
because she has a little girl I mean
listen I saw and she could fit her
little girl inside of her that vagina is
so why that's cruel
she put her whole arm in there can you
put your whole arm in there sweetheart
exactly and she's had you kids a licen
wants to know if you know what the cup
song is I saw your vlog where you were
singing and you were pounding on a cup
that is the cup song oh you think you
could do the cup song
I can't even chew gum and walk at the
same time and you want me to sing and do
cups
I definitely got my brains from this one
you could just slap on your ear your
cups when Oh God when I got ya miss me
when I'm gone your turn what am I going
somewhere am i goin something bigger sad
that my boobs are louder than hers Jason
wants to know if you think amanda bynes
has an STD well if she keeps sitting on
a sink and kind of showing herself in
videos she's kind of opening the door
for some seat people she needs to be
careful cuz she'll let crazy people into
her life and into her that - you've had
a crazy person in you son we all know
the answer to that that's how this was
made
Oh Austin wants to know what's your
happiest memory that involves a donkey
Shrek
remember when you said something about
french toast in that movie we go ahead
french toast that tweet totally went
right above her head
Allison wants to know if you know what a
show he is oh wait a minute
is it Shane enjoy shall we yeah already
oh
are you team Zoe or team shisha oh of
course I'm team she suck she's lying
she's team what is your name and Joey's
together we have Teresa and Joey's Holly
hahahaha team Tolly that team would be a
lot of hair color and a lot of teeth a
lot of teeth you got that right
Raquel wants to know what do you think
about one direction be honest when I was
young it was like The Partridge Family
monkeys they just remind me of a group
that a company puts together shushing
they're fake they're not fake they can
sing are you saying that they're not
best friends I just think they were put
together to make people a lot of money
are you saying they are not gonna last
forever do you know who the monkeys are
no well there you go
do you know any other names Harry
because you made me go buy a Harry
Quetta yeah creepy she'd probably look
walking into a store being like I need a
real life cardboard cutout Harry you
sent me to a sec shot to get a blow-up
doll how hard was that for me you knew
exactly where it was hmm next question
Caroline says call me maybe what I don't
normally call yourself
I'm een she looks good she's half-naked
in her profile picture Claudia wants to
know if you've ever seen the video of
the girl eating her own bloody tampon
okay see I knew it was gonna get to this
no way how do you have you not seen it
you made that video ha ha ha no I did
not I don't want to watch that I'll
throw up
wait let me find it is it even real
worse it's real everything in the
Internet is real I ready okay I see the
red thing
how is she must be like drunk cuz nobody
would do that sober she's staring at it
oh okay that was it that was it she just
sucked on it like a teabag Oh what is
wrong with kids today what is wrong with
you see I love that next to it is Jesus
Christ is Lord see she needs to click on
that box well she already took that
something out of that box but oh so
Marissa wants to know what was your
first sexual experience be graphic for
heavens
sakes I waited for the man I was gonna
marry yeah I was only 17 where the hell
what I graduated in June and got married
in July back then kids just got married
like right out of high school but the
question wasn't when the question was
what what I'm that's come on you get
married you have a honeymoon what am I
gonna say right now yeah honeymoon
you guys are broke where'd you guys go
McDonald's parking lot closing and talk
about sex and chalupas honey don't kids
nowadays have like normal questions like
what's your favorite color
yeah sure like this one from Robert how
would you torture Selena Gomez's vagina
you had the chickens what has happen to
kids but really how would you my brain
can't even go there you could shove a
Justin Bieber Barbie doll in it and if I
start even thinking looks like let's go
back to the Jesus Christ box
Alexandra wants me to ask you the
meaning of different slang words ratchet
yeah you're nasty that's pretty good
ding newb when you're like a newbie how
do you know these I do phat why you
might not want to know it I don't know
what that means what do you think it
means it sounds like something flappy
and I don't want a fast Yolo here I'll
put in a sentence
girl you're ratchet and when I'm
standing next to your bedroom all I hear
is fat fat fat but you know what yellow
all right so I'm gonna guess what FAFSA
so it's cool no it's the opposite of
cool it's really really annoying and I
hate when people say it all right I'm
gonna show you your next word and you
have to guess what it means close your
eyes okay what do you think this word
means I'm gonna kill you Shh
I just shut her a big picture the girl
eating at a fire I hate things like that
because my brain keeps thinking about it
it's gross the last one is for Mackenzie
and it's hey Theresa what is the meaning
of the word fuck do you know the origin
of that word I don't remember what it
stands for you know f stands for a word
you and it was when they used to put
their heads in these things they were
being punished no this is a true story
like into Farrah Abraham's vagina but
shit you're mine just like I think about
then this word this phrase would be in
front of them they were being punished
they were being fucked
and yeah they abbreviated it it's true I
don't even know what you just said I was
taught that in school
well they taught you wrong if they would
have taught you'd a real version of the
word then you probably wouldn't have
made me that's would have been a good
thing for everybody so there you guys go
those are other questions today leave me
some more questions down in the comments
what do you want to ask my mom she's
willing to answer any questions
oh I try just don't ask what the origin
of a word is cuz you'll leave very
confused ok guys hope you have fun aim
with us we'll be offending with you and
we will see you tomorrow Sigma good bye
you're not even looking at them you're
looking yourself how were it so much at
them are they in that hole now you're
just getting great dirty see you guys
later
what is this piano book have sexual
positions fit as a fiddle and ready to
go huh that's me okay
