so this week I got my cheese pills I
took five different Instagram pictures
of my shirt and I try to kill myself on
Twitter twice what you did Lindsey hey
guys Tilda I'm here outside of Shane's
house I'm gonna do a little
investigating you know just look around
what is that I mean I know what that is
but why is it out here and not all over
the bedroom walls
I guess him and his boyfriend couldn't
wait to get inside all right let's go in
Oh oh god I need Purell okay
I'm wearing shorts today guys isn't this
exciting I haven't shaved my legs in 36
years though ignore those oh look at you
will whoa how you doing you oh my god a
huge cheer whoo whoo oh no I'm letting
it get out don't get hit by a car
actually you know what if you do I'll
blame it on Jane Oh Dan take a shit in
the neighbor's lawn yeah I take a big
one what's your name you big old beast
oh if I had a jar of peanut butter right
now oh you'd be in for it go away little
chewer well you can do anything actually
know what I could shove you in my ass
and then you could work out you know
what this is just getting disturbing I'm
just gonna walk away
Oh his boyfriend got him flowers how
sweet where's the note oh how rude Ryan
Seacrest's never leaves a note Oh a
piano why does this piano book have
sexual positions fit as a fiddle and
ready to go huh that's me okay let's be
honest that's me I'm lazy
oh she's standing with a priest then we
have two men and their sister wives ooh
then somebody went to go see Ellen live
that's exciting
oh wow when a collection of the
shittiest movies ever made Brendan
Fraser how do I not have this oh because
it's Brendan Fraser I mean two of the
worst movies ever made weapons
everywhere this house is just full of
ways to kill yourself why Shane still
live oh look at the puppets
you know before I started drug-dealing I
wanted to be a puppeteer watch how good
I am it's like you wouldn't even know my
hand was in it hey I'm a puppet look at
me how you doing I'm doing good how are
you doing I'm okay what's your favorite
color I don't know what's your favorite
color I don't know I like purple I like
purple to fish you do
yeah really yeah it's great I love
purple I love swimming - you like
swimming oh I love swimming wait who's
talking
see you look at that magic
a poster a Taylor Swift how beautiful
die you stupid bitch I'm just kidding
it's me guys surprise I am at my house
right now
and I'm just trying to get ideas to make
a video I want to do a pop culture video
with Sheneneh and Shana and I want to
just talk about everything that's going
on right now in the world and because
all I do is lay around my house all day
with my dogs I don't know what's going
on in the world shut up
so leave me a comment telling me what's
going on is there a new movie coming out
you want to see is there a new song
coming out that you like is there a new
celebrity breakup or make up like what's
something that's going on right now that
you want you Nene to talk about oh my
favorite
you want me to ruin cashews for you guys
dog toenails you'll never be able to
look at them the same unless you're mean
and you're fat you don't give a fuck mmm
all right so you guys mom look like yes
baby carrots
