so this week I got my cheese pills I
took five different Instagram pictures
of my shit and I try to kill myself on
Twitter twice what do they Lindsay girl
my life is so glamorous I am throwing
the trash away right now that was
glamorous Here I am outside I can smell
all the Bo of the homeless people that's
me I can't find my car
maybe a rich person stole my car how
glamorous oh there it is let's there
blood on it that's not glamorous
hey that's heavy sexy mother fucka I
don't know why so angry when I said that
is I'm not angry I'm happy I love that
you're sexy sometimes it's intimidating
today's gonna be a crazy boring day
which is what Kesha's documentary series
on MTV should've been called because
nothing fucking happens but anyways
today I'm just doing some chores doing
some random things around the house and
picking up Lisa from the airport because
she was just giving back from London so
right now we have to go get some new bed
sheets because corny got blood and poop
all over them glamorous oh my god yo oh
my god oh my god y'all thought this day
couldn't get any more exciting but it
did because we went to Whole Foods this
plug is getting crazy y'all we got some
flowers we got some water we got some
sushi and we got a bunch of almond
butter packets because I'm too much of a
fat-ass to keep a jar of almond butter
in my house so I have to portion them
out with packets this is what going on
Weight Watchers at 5 years old does to
you 5 points I didn't even have to look
at it I already know what about you
corny what did you get so far today
besides pee everywhere let me show you
guys what she did last night
come follow us see what terrible things
you did so here's our bed and here is
our sheets there is this everywhere and
that is not from me ok that might be for
me but that is not from me what is that
is it poop is it blood what are you
doing yeah owned up to it do it more
perfect great so I don't know what's
wrong with her I think her that's
leaking just like her daddy
how sad so I got some new sheets so now
Lisa will never even know that coiny
slept in the bed with me Courtney
excited moms come home soon
pretend like you care she might watch
this literally just yawned sorry Lisa
look who's back Courtney Oh Anne was it
what happened it was
I'll have an English accent now get rid
of that also YouTube sent me the biggest
award ever so I've never actually heard
that before
actually I'm gonna take what you just
said and loop it so big it's so big so
big it's I guess because when you pass a
million subscribers you get a big thing
and I got three of them cuz of my three
channels hashtag youtuber problems I
know this is awesome thank you you too
I'm gonna look like an asshole hanging
it up but fuck it let's hang all three
of them up perfect you just see yourself
taking a shit into the big gold play
button I'm just gonna stare at it all
day glamorous so yes I am very proud of
this I mean it's big and it's kind of
cheesy and stuff that means a lot
because it means that I am doing
something good with my life
even though family members or society
may think that YouTube is stupid it is
stupid but you can get big old shit like
this so thank you YouTube and thank you
to you guys really quick I just wanted
to talk about this anyway so I might as
well bring it up now since we're talking
about You Tube I mentioned on Twitter
that I was really thankful for you guys
telling your friends about my videos and
I am because here's the thing guys I'm
just gonna be kind of honest with you
right now because I feel like for home
girls it is very very hard right now on
YouTube to find an audience YouTube has
changed its website a lot in the last
three years there's no way to get my
stuff out there besides word-of-mouth
it's very old-school Hollywood it's like
you know as youtubers nowadays we kind
of either have to collaborate with each
other or we have to go on Twitter and
basically say hey go tell your friends
about my videos because there's no way
besides you know buying a fucking
billboard to get people to know hey this
guy on the internet named Shane makes
crazy videos you should check him out
there's no way to do that three years
ago when you went to the home page on
YouTube there was a bunch of youtubers
everywhere you could find new people and
it was really exciting and now that's
gone and it's depressing and it sucks
and this plaque kind of reminds me of
the good old days but it also reminds me
that YouTube is changing but who knows
maybe it's for the better because now
it's not about being all over the front
page to get views it's about having good
videos that make people tell their
friends that's what you guys are for I'm
so blessed and I'm so grateful for you
guys for telling your friends and not
just about my videos tell your friends
about people that you watch go to your
friends
hey I love Xin Dawson you should watch
his videos I love joy Graceffa I love
Smosh I love jenna Marbles tell your
friends about YouTube because we do want
YouTube to take over right we want
people to think YouTube isn't just some
stupid thing where there's cats and fat
people falling on tables we want people
to take it seriously and the only way to
do that is to make more and more people
watch it I just want you guys to know
that I truly appreciate when you tell
your friends about my videos I'm
starting a website right now that's
gonna be for you guys there's gonna be
forums there's gonna be chat rooms
there's gonna be naked pictures there's
gonna be everything cuz I want to make a
community that Shane Dawson army the
Shane Dawson whorehouse whatever you
want to call us the freaks basically I'm
excited about what the future holds I
feel like something really cool is
coming guys you're probably wondering
what I keep looking at and at least has
this really cheesy book on her desk
called everything's gonna be okay I look
at that book once in a while I'm like
you know what cheese yes book you're
right everything is gonna be okay
question the day who is your favorite
youtuber to watch besides me who do you
tell your friends about besides me cuz
you better be telling your friends about
me let me know down in the comments who
knows maybe I'll see you a youtuber down
in the comments and I've never heard of
and I'll check them out I like their
videos and I'll make videos with them
who knows
we're community y'all all right you guys
I'm gonna go I love so much I will see
you tomorrow actually every single day
forever that sounds creepy
glamorous and she had the lesbian cargo
pants and she had eye boogers covered in
eye mascara that was my girl
