he can't shit faggot ha bullseye
I still got it oh hey guys just doing a
little cleanup on my dog you sicko she
needed her ball shape too here let me
get your ass but you got to get me next
teamwork hey what's up you guys yes it
is that time again the time recording
represents your country come on do it do
it do it they I want you to do it come
on just do it yo quiero Taco Bell yay
now go away I'm done with you you're
dirty Mexican whore
so yes I'm in the bathroom I'm working a
bit and I'm holding a knife it's that
time again
mail time oh my god you guys are fucking
creepy as fuck yeah okay that's a lie
last week you guys weren't that creepy I
just got a bunch of candy and a nerf gun
because you guys think I'm a big fat
lesbian but today I'm hoping that you
bring the creepy up a notch and the
first one is from Tyler ooh this is
exciting
he's from canva and you know only creepy
things come from there avril lavigne
creepy people who put maple syrup on
everything not creepy fucking smart it
looks like some slab of meat it's cold
and squishy please be something dead
please be something dead oh it's not
creepy at all it's a snow globe and
inside the picture he drew of me holding
a penis is it bad that that doesn't cook
me up also the fact that he's probably
under 10 years old I need your penis I'm
ruining children no I'm up let's just
bling Canada okay this one is from Jay
yack now I'm very excited because that
sounds Japanese and we all know fucking
creepy they are if you're Japanese I
love you and I also love the fact that
you invented squid porn bukkake and
shoving an eel in somebody's ass oh my
god it's not just peeps it's topped
beeps I'm gonna sleep with these every
single night Lisa get the fuck out of
the bed you know what this is also
perfect for it you know and sometimes
you're at the beach you were in a speedo
and use a little something extra tada
oh hey ladies looking at my big old junk
you probably think I'm caught black but
no
I'm part cakes and girls don't feel
alone you use these two what do you mean
did I have work done I don't know what
you're talking about
thanks peeps thank you so much I love
him I just kissed ball here alright this
one is from Brett Babcock
he has cock in his name so high hopes
everything about stabbing someone just
like what would it feel like no just me
okay
okay there's some stuff in here I cannot
show you okay I'll show you but I have
to cover it with something well if you
can't guess what this is
then you should be watching my videos
because you don't have a sick mind
thanks Brett you know where I'm going to
put this and he also got me this clearly
taken out of the trash bin vomited on
necklace that says I'm the bitch you
know why he's right
I am the bitch alright this one is from
Emily and there's already a bunch of
stabs in the box so the mailman has
already tried to kill this so that's a
good sign well lastly guys you guys have
sent me a bunch of useless crap that you
don't want and you guys delivered all
right let's start with the useless
crappy jewelry there's a bracelet with
teeth a bracelet with M&Ms and a broken
bracelet oh wait never mind this is a
pencil that makes it even crappy right
oh you guys make me happy oh my god and
you turned a Bratz doll into a Shea
doesn't oh I don't know they make Brad
Bowie dolls oh this is actually a Girl
doll you literally turned it into a
lesbian and the scariest part I
literally have this shirt I also have
these really really hairy arms that you
drew on thanks for noticing asshole okay
I know what you guys want me to do fine
hello Barbie and this is creepy in so
many ways I mean it's actually kind of
amazing let's see if it really looks
like me huh there's nothing there
twinsies
so yes there you guys go another P o box
mail done and I'm still alive I'm sorry
some question of the day if you could
have your own doll of any youtuber who
would it be mine will be Joker sefa cuz
I'm I could just give enjoy yourself a
doll and the Shane Dawson doll oh all
right you guys I'm gonna go if you want
to send me any random crap
please don't spend money just send me
crap my Pio Box address is right here
and I will see you guys tomorrow
mom you can finally have one direction
in your mouth oh sure you have got to
stop saying something
