you made the last 20 years of my life a
living fuckin hell
Wow Thanks I was just explained to my
mom how crazy amanda bynes been getting
because I showed her a video of Amanda
Bynes running on a treadmill like a
crackhead and my mom goes she's cute
okay so there's a video called amanda
Bynes sucking on a sour patch listening
music getting ready for tonight the best
title at Fir just second on a sour patch
am is that it looks like my favorite
part yeah what happened what happened to
her it just got really serious so now I
want to reenact this video because we
got some sour patches are you ready for
this I can't suck on that stuff sorry
then you're not a man to buy alright so
you gotta hold the camera ghetto style
like this the way that my mom holds her
camera she's taking video cuz she
doesn't know if she's doing okay
everybody get a sour patch I can't do
all right think good a nut
Amanda sucks on nuts too all right all
right it's good salty hmm what do we do
it what are we doing your best Amanda
buy your second on that and then my eyes
looking kind of creepy with like you do
when you're dancing you know like when
you're like let me get ready I don't
know what the heck I'm doing Matt that
well you got to open one eye like one
eyes like I'm awake and the other eyes
like
now get real like sexy later yeah yeah
okay so now I'm gonna show my mom some
pictures of Amanda Bynes and this one's
my favorite
half the head shaved tits out suck em in
the stomach that is not her that's her
honey that does are you sure that's her
honey when did she get boobies
if a man is watching this what do you
want to say she needs to go to church
with me in the morning like that yeah
that's okay if that's how she wants to
dress she just needs to go to church
with Mama
we love Amanda Amanda please I mean her
tweets are good though love isn't real
if it's not forever
don't you laugh that's deep
all right mom last picture if you've
ever wanted to see Mandarin oh whoa whoa
you like know how to have a chocolate if
everyone to see megabytes nipples there
you go oh that's probably do it was hurt
is she like touching hers ha ha ha it
does look like that doesn't it she seems
happy about
she's squinting question of the day um
if my mom and amanda bynes were best
friends what should they do I'm gonna
say go clubbing what would you do oh
yeah I would not be on the sink touching
my alright guys opieop anyone does your
phone with you no I am here I'm game I'm
getting driven around I join us ha ha so
far she's driving me
