he can't shit faggot ha
bullseye I still got it wait a minute
this is human shit chewy receptors in my
heart is buzzing my mouth wait what wait
wait wait wait I'm sorry wait wait I was
just singing the lyrics
that's what pink sang the Pink's lyrics
not mine so I am here I'm getting I'm
getting drew driven around I join us ha
ha so far she's driving me so we are on
our way to the store right now cuz we're
doing a challenge and that little boy is
touching his penis sorry that was very
uncomfortable friend the women was down
like the debtor he definitely heard
which is good he should hear me because
his boys touching his penis in the
middle drug we're gonna go buy a bunch
of things as we're doing a challenge
which I might be putting this up after
you guys already see the challenge but
we're blindfolding him and we're gonna
shove his hand in places that he doesn't
know where and then used to guess where
they are I'm not gonna tell Lise about
this she's Mayberry piss so guess what
Joe egressive his hands were today oh
gosh we're gonna go to the store and
we're gonna split up so you guys are
gonna be with me I'm gonna show you what
we're gonna shove his hands in and then
we're gonna get back to his house and
get naked and don't wait oh my god I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm just singing the
lyrics girl look at that body she works
out what's blocking - ok look at those
arms
god I just want him wrapped around my
neck you know I'm saying just choke me
till I pass out ok guys so I got my
basket so the whole point of the
challenge is that his eyes are closed so
he doesn't know what he's touching so
obviously I got a full fucking fish with
lips and eyes teeth I'm gonna have him
chef as little fingers in there he's
gonna scream like a little bitch and
then I got sauerkraut because I thought
he would think it was like intestines
then I got cat food cuz I know how much
he loves chopped up liver and just
should go with the fishy theme that's
earth beings and the last thing I got is
the big finale vagina cleaner
he's never seen this in his life and I
was
shows hand in it very excited oh you're
in for it you're in for it well you have
no idea
oh no no no I have this grand finale
that's the fucking it's the kicker I'm
so scared cuz I've really good one too
and I don't want to be the thing now one
of mine is a little dangerous
what ha ha ha you didn't give me rules
ok and we need Oh give me rules girl
goes off that off the Hanzel girl goes
crazy and I was like give me something
that could hurt him hmm
and then the next thing got the kind of
like I know just the thing oh it's gonna
get good Joey has a sword in his room
the big sword right on the bed it's like
he knew I was coming so explain the
sword there's not a sword it is a
trident why sure I tried n trident what
does that mean well you were aware I am
Finnick from Hunger Games I don't know
what that means
you're like you're finicky eater when
you're hungry well no it is a person's
name I don't know I have no idea what
that is and what is that big fat fuck oh
I forgot
you forgot what his new he's on your bed
you just let strangers into your bed
I mean God you gave me like a 20
question interview before you let me in
your bed I had to write an essay if I do
an entire SATs good I did I had a
scantron it was a whole process and this
fact you may even know his name and he's
dripping well that was fun wasn't it
fish I was so much fun Joey felt so good
I'm gonna shove his finger into my
eyeball I knew he was into weird crap I
didn't know he was into that right it's
okay you're gonna be fine go clean up
go clean your fishy fingers up that we
just finished and we gave each other the
same stuff which is crazy because I was
going to get him bass alene that he gave
me Vaseline and then we both gave each
other a fish we both gave each other cat
food but I was the only one that gave
vagina cream yes I just think outside of
the box
you know because sadi is so sad so sad
how dare you I really thought I was
going to die no it's funny is we have
the same brain because we both got the
fish yeah
food and I almost got Lube like you did
but then I didn't because I'm like
that's too obvious I mean we're just I
should've got no vessel between I almost
got tampons but that would have been
super easy mmm
does it feel like you know how to use
those did Joey Chris have it just throw
a vagina joke at me because I liked it
all right you guys question today what
is the weirdest thing you've ever
touched no no don't answer that don't
answer that
because I know there's gonna be a lot of
people laying my dad's balls and then we
don't want to talk about that that's too
dark hope you had fun hang with us we
have fun hang with you I don't know if
he did actually I had the worst time of
my life
what are these challengers that we
always do I always regret them after I
know I can't wait for the next time
what's the next we're gonna be the
scissor challenge yeah I'm gonna shove
at it okay okay all right kidding
kidding kidding
see you guys later hi you you could see
it through the whole thing hmm
that's hot I don't like dealings is it
anything I don't know oh god I think I
just went inside ha ha
