whatever I'm going and if you ever want
to see me drunk naked touching myself
covered about Obama then you'll need
Joey I told you I have sex with you on
camera I don't say that stop listen I
came here to do a challenge video and I
know a challenge is not having sex with
you because every time we get together
it's a challenge not to you but come on
oh hey oh yeah I actually hit the record
button oops
hey guys yes it is hashtag show we here
as our ship name yeah so I should be
okay like that sounds like a fat joke I
consider myself more like an antique
yeah fuck yeah I mean listen this ship
wants to go down you know it oh oh yes
so hashtag show is here and we are going
to do the blindfolded challenge now this
challenge is something there's an
elephant no that's just Clell
Oh perfect so the blindfold challenge is
one of us applying folded and the other
one is shoving our hands into things and
we have to guess what we're touching
right and you're gonna be blindfolded
for this yes I am my hands gonna go
where no other hand has gone before
that's a lie there's been a lot of hands
in here and on this right now you
calling me a slut I don't know okay so
black fooled me
okay let's do that 50 shades of grey
style okay okay yeah onto the challenge
there pubes on this wait where are you
going
where am I what's going on I can't see
anything I'm scared and it smells like
Abercrombie in here huh my jelly I'm
waiting don't if I shove my hand to a
midget ass alright this is the firt
doing is I don't know I don't know I
don't know I don't know I guess this is
the first one okay hey go ahead
I'm scared figure any minute I don't
want to do this up I don't trust you can
you bring him Oh what is this there's an
eyeball so that it bonds it sounds like
sex
hahaha and so my finger it's not my
finger it's a my finger what are you
taste it okay can I smell it is a
partner goes oh it smells fishy
hahaha because
I don't want to be right but is this a
food for another animal are you kidding
what is this
yeah you got it that's so gross putting
it in my mouth that's not the game
okay ready here it is you're gonna live
oh my god oh no I feel like somebody's
long fingernails
okay okay okay wait man oh my god what
is this oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
he's heavy it hurt it feels like uh this
hurt me your butt like I just formed
penis make it thicker near the okay okay
Oh
like about coats yeah you do okay it's
here a really long fingernail or a good
animal thing it is an animal thing a
crab leg yes you got it good John
fuck out of my hand no just me Mr
Krabs's I know you're a fucking shit I
know you're a weird crazy Japanese yet
I'm sure that's like Japanese foreplay
okay let's write each other down animal
pieces ha ha oh we're good I don't know
into that you okay that's the next day
open it up okay ready
I don't I'm scared are you gonna shove
it in my mouth again you asshole you
only don't know okay G give your hand up
huh oh my god oh my oh my god what the
hell is it
you just came in your head what is this
like a cow dick ha ha ha Kotick this
literally feels like my penis how did
you get a penis at Vaughn's and even
Wiggles like it it just stops
that feels like a pee hole
but it happens at the end of this ha ha
ha what is this doesn't smell like a
penis is it is this some kind of well uh
oh my god it's freaking everywhere okay
that's why you should never let me hold
him in this it's a sausage right two
more ago I'm not comfortable this is
supposed to be about trust
is he gonna buy me what is this okay uh
we're gonna need this later
oh you got that way too fast I know
because I almost got it for you oh but
then I figured you'd probably get one we
don't need two jars
I got amazing it's a love is it this is
a bessa lean yep yeah you got a book you
know why I know what that is why because
I used to shove my fingers in my mom's
all the time you have like all of them
right so far
I gave highly doubt you're gonna be able
to get what this is this is the ultimate
finale okay ready no you're gonna bow
okay huh wait what is this put your hand
out flat good no oh my god what is this
oh my god this is this at all oh my god
this is a fucking tongue
where did you I went to Vaughn did you
go to Ethiopia
hahahaha hell did you get all these
things Jilla this is a tongue oh my god
I don't know I'm scared I'm scared what
am I gonna finish doing it no I don't
want to scare I don't like doing I don't
know oh god I think I just went inside
of it hahaha you feeling you just hold
it in your hands you're gonna frickin
play the game I'm in it literally in it
oh my god I'm inside oh my god there's a
bone a bone just hit me it's official
look I don't know whose name is Nemo I'm
gonna throw up I'm gonna throw up in
your face what is wrong why are you
obsessed with fish hahaha some weird
give a righteous shoot oh man you want
the kiss hey have you seen my dad you're
just fucking wait I'm gonna shove your
face in the Sun oh here I'll show you
what you just touch it okay listen
listen Nemo
well that was fun we're not leveraging
first of all I'm just gonna say this
scarf looks beautiful hahaha second of
all that was supposed to be me putting
my hands in it and you were shoving my
face of things but not you were trying
to hurt me I have a scrap I have a
scratch now because he shoved my hand
inside of a bone ha ha ha at least like
give me a hug or like give me something
give me love picked oh thanks well guys
that was the blindfold challenge if you
want to see me shoving his hand in
terrible things check it out at the end
of this video on his channel there'll be
links everywhere oh also I put up a new
short film how did you get I'm good
I'm just really you're gonna fall again
you know me cheers I break oh yes you
can check out my brand new video my main
channels up right now it's short film
it's crazy and offensive and awesome and
he's not in it mm-hm
get outta here sorry go I know this is
your bedroom to go by and I'm way out of
frame yet alright you guys see on his
channel pipe now let me guide your
fingers I don't want you to get hurt oh
really no I don't know angel wants me to
talk about Kim Kardashian No
