oh it's random now from Yugoslavia wants
pictures of my fuzzy gotta go yep this
is what 2013 looks like hey what's up
you guys welcome to the Friday video and
it's a special video because you all saw
my mom's vagina today that an
embarrassed face or an excited face a
little both perfect so if you already
saw my main channel video today it was a
very interesting one mom was very
excited about it well uh little nervous
actually
when's the last time you could say about
a million twelve-year-old sorry vagina
it's been a while two months ago yeah so
yes if you haven't already seen my main
channel video today check it out I'll
put the link somewhere but I thought
it'd be fun if me my mom did a little
Q&A with you guys so I went on Twitter
and I said hey send me questions for me
and my mom and you guys sent a million
questions that said how when did you
know Shane was gay so we're gonna skip
those and move right on to the more
disturbing once it gets more disturbing
than that paulina wants to know hey
Shane's mom are you actually like
Shane's mom's character I used to be a
little so if you guys don't know my mom
character my channel she's a raging
alcoholic she talks like this you drunk
she shows her kids she kills people for
a living
she's pretty insane maybe at one time I
was a little bit like around the time
that you had me Shane's superfan wants
to know hey Teresa have you ever had
really bad butt sex gosh I cannot answer
these questions alright we'll go with a
less disturbing mega Marie says hey
Teresa have you ever tried to lick your
own vagina before I have not Wow let's
go back to the butt question Caitlin
wants to know hey Shane's mom who's your
favorite youtuber beside Shane the guy
that does Kelly shoes is that too old
maybe they don't really know who that is
but it's one of my favorite youtubers
lean kind o whose youtuber you don't
like I don't watch that much to have
someone that I like don't like okay I'm
gonna name names and you tell me who you
think they are
nigga Higa he's Chinese right hmm like I
think I know that raywilliamjohnson he's
a little haha right yeah my mom doesn't
even watch you do what she does that
jenna Marbles she's sexy yeah hey where
are you girl my mom's trying to hook up
kidrauhl wants to know who's a better
twerker you
or your mom oh you're really good she I
know I mean I am sorry I I can do that
little sad thing
Electra wants to know what's the most
embarrassing moment you guys have ever
had together I already said this in the
draw my life video but every time you my
mom would go out in public when I was a
fat kid people thought we were lesbians
so ray wants to know which one of your
animals is your favorite I love them all
in different ways but me I'm begging
Miley coz Miley's the fattest one and
everybody makes fun of her because she's
fat so it reminds you of me when I was a
kid oh no is that really what it is what
what what I'm a big fat dog Seth wants
to know what's the dirtiest thing you've
ever made your mom do the sad thing is
there's too many to even name I hate you
with the dildo I forced you to show a
picture of your vagina
I forced you to have sex with Horten I
think I've hoarse Shawna to twerk on
your face anything else
Tegel wants to know hey Theresa have you
ever heard of a blue waffle let's look
it up no she no oh that's disgusting
is that like it an eel what is that
thing it's a black girl's vagina it's
blue for diseases
yeah yeah it's sick right haha the
vagina is sick it's just coughing it's
sick oh it's dead vaginas kenta sam
wants to know hey guys do you watch Abby
and Brittany I watched it as a joke
because it's so stupid and it's these
two girls and they never talk about the
fact that they're fucking have two heads
they're like we're normal we're just
normal I'm on Twitter and she's not on
Twitter Allen Facebook we're totally
different you're fucking stuck together
talk about it it just really touches me
when I watch them I can't explain it
she loves that crap she loves shows that
are called like the man whose leg blew
off or the Abbi Brittany the girl with
two heads or the woman with no legs and
Fife Aegina is like that's really
interesting to her for some reason I
know because it's like they're
overcomers you know what else is an
overcomer a blue waffle Kayla wants to
know hey Shane's mom have you ever seen
the bottle video no I have not and what
are you gonna show me now PS is not
called the bottle video Kayla it's
called one man one jar Shane if it's a
man trying to squeeze his penis in a
bottle I cannot watch them don't look
okay I see a guy like Ben over okay I
can't watch it just all at once I'm oh
oh it's it is bada
okay ready no no I saw that no well
that's not a good part Oh
oh oh oh my gosh look oh my god I'm
scared oh oh my gosh so much blood oh
honey I can't watch this
you watch shows on TV every fucking
night with Nancy Grace Lord hey y'all
here's a woman who was murdered by her
husband and he made a necklace out of
her vagina
y'all know shame shame now the other
Nancy Grace does not show broken bottles
in men's butts that are hemorrhaging all
over the floor well I would watch if she
did Oh make that go away all right one
more question
guess T's wants to know what does your
mom think of Joey Graceffa oh he's
beautiful he's mine how would it make
you feel if I told you that that man in
the video with the bottle of his ass was
drugged or seven no he would never do
something like that I met him he would
never do something like my life would
shatter find earth it was okay I was
lying
it was ray william johnson I don't even
want to picture that all right guys
those are all the questions leave me
some comments giving me and my mom more
questions maybe we'll do another one of
these what was your favorite part of
this Oh was it the blue waffle who is
this man with the broken glass in his
butt all right you guys hope you had fun
hang with us we have fun hang with you
and I'll see you tomorrow also check out
the main channel video go check it out
now now now now now and leave a comment
saying hashtag shames mom's vagina what
was that face by a dildo that plugs into
the wall oh my god this is genius huh
