hastily guys yes first of all I'm just
going to keep it super real I'm a bad
fucking mood right now number one it is
5,000 degrees as you can see by the
Select dripping off my big date which
answers the scientific question we've
all been waiting for Tim big sweat bish
the answer is yes right number two
they're doing something construction or
greatness for my house and they just
started right how do I set everything up
so you will probably hear a really
annoying humming in the background and
it's like grumble the humming is a
construction the grumble is myself I
just did a frozen pizza from a year ago
which it's not delivery is diarrhea but
anyways yes we are back here in my
little kitchen making little food for my
big apple cast so of course we got the
little kitchen it is all ready to go
we got the angle and bench the gurus are
still quaking and I have a trash can you
know just in case that the thing is all
fucked up and I got start over again and
I also have an empty monster in case you
couldn't tell
okay so I thought today we would do
dessert because a lot of family kind of
depressed at lunch and dinner so that
was come for dessert I don't want to
just do something obvious you know like
a little cupcake or little ice cream
cone Finch I'm making a rainbow layered
cake this is complicated it's going to
get me for rust rated but it's fun
because honestly like like this okay so
what we're going to do is we are going
to take this different stuff and fill
them all with pancake batter so we're
going to drop them all over the dance
floor because we can't control a fucking
monster energy I also have six nine just
two kids I can't take the heat
I know these are going to be used to
stir up our food coloring which I have
all the colors of the window okay so
let's just pour out a little bit in each
now I feel like this will work for our
cake because my plan is to make a little
pancake and then I sound like their cake
so technically we're cheating ultimates
5,000 degrees bitch so I'm not using an
oven
okay so let's add a little drops into
each
red orange yellow green blue and purple
right makes woo this is actually really
pretty look look at it this is what I
imagine my blood to be you know just
color pinking better
oops Argus I literally needed to grab a
paper towel because I'm sweating so bad
my air conditioners broken I would stand
in front of my French but just too
tempting and I don't want to run out of
food I'm just fucking ready for summer
to be over what was that you just
started okay great all right now let's
mix up orange Lulu that's pretty simple
what I'm not gonna lie I'm very proud of
myself when it comes to making a little
food like I see you like I found my
calling a bitch look at that yellow look
at her the Sun called Vicki shocked if
the Sun was just oh we don't know just
letting you know okay this is purple ooh
now that I'm actually looking at this it
just looks like I've murdered all the
Teletubbies and I'm like playing with
Aaron inside oh my god the Sun oh my god
whoo sorry that is soaked okay now the
green and lastly the blue um
these look good oh I deserve a stupid a
coke if I suppose I hope I mean a scoop
of icing what it I'm working hard oh my
god look how beautiful it is also isn't
it weird to think about like the little
Pillsbury man is on the container and
the frosting is called fluff and then
when you get it out it kind of looks
like the inside of the Pillsbury man
like are we eating him and as we are
then why is the zoo should maybe like
rock or maybe he's excited to die keep
sucking me okay so now we have all of
our pancake batter is ready we are going
to put them on the stove and make little
foam thank you side of them and we're
going to hope that I don't burn them all
the way that I have burnt my face and
I'm going to stack them and ice them if
I
have any left okay first of all we
talked about this cute a little sass a
little bit I gotta borrow my tiny food I
am way too excited okay all right so now
it is time start making color pancakes
I'm going to start with purple oh my god
oh my god this is gonna be actually good
oh it feels so good to succeed at
something after failing at everything
else let's do a little blue was that one
more let's just do a little green oh my
god fucking Disneyland called bitch they
want their headshot back I think it's
going to work oh my god alright let's
try to flip one I'm so scared I don't
want to look it up wine jo3
mmm oh my god that's not just the
monster screaming bitch it's the pig I
am so excited oh my god why am i glitter
Stan oh oh stop stop okay oh shit oh
fuck now we got we got it we got it okay
minor mishap okay all right you know
what for my first try this is not bad me
after I lost my virginity me after five
seconds of something hey at least I
didn't kill ya alright I think this one
thought this was done okay I mean once
you make a whole bunch more of these and
then I will see you guys in a day okay
so I just cooked up all of my rainbow
cake cakes and they all came out pretty
good except for her but like that's okay
she's unique she's special she's a dark
within a turn away so now what we have
to do is cut them into the right shape
so I have here the top of a jelly
container which by the way squeezable
jelly is fucking gross almost as
grossest goobers but I'm not going to
drag goobers I don't have time today
okay
so we're going to take this and cut out
our pink okay nope oh ah ooh a little
twisty twisty a nerdy nummies watch back
yeah
that's almost perfect unlike this child
who uh
crap out in the family photos okay yeah
and then you have your perfect fat
person Bengal until you realize you're
too fat it doesn't fit okay so I'll cut
out the orange perfect this kind of must
be a 15 in Edward Scissorhands we're
like we find out that he's made out of
food which is crazy because that was how
I was born
and when I saw it I thought this is dude
but Edward stopped coming for my life
story okay I have them all cut out and I
already did kind of like a pre stacking
of one of them which doesn't look too
bad I mean that might actually work
is this how it rainbow looks so hold on
let me google okay red orange yellow you
have no brain is there blue purple i'ma
lose another color in there but bitch
that's extra okay so now that I kind of
know what it's supposed to look like
it's time to ice so I'm going to use the
little table Oh cute so I'm going to use
this and we're going to start with a red
oh my gosh okay so I'm going to take
some icing and then I'm just going to oh
my god Oh cute oh my god I can't I can't
fucking do this
oh okay okay that's way too much okay so
now it is time for orange oh my god oh
why do I love this so much this is weird
Oh cute hanging out temper yellow oh my
god I mean can we just
I'm gonna die this is like something you
see like if you went to like a little
bakery in Japan where like everybody's
way cuter and way skinnier the knees I
ain't green and then wait what's next
box closes and last but not least purple
I mean this is definitely taller than I
was expecting the case to be but I mean
I think my cat can handle it I caught my
cat one day with my entire I phone in
his mouth so oh my god
ah kick leg gonna die I'm gonna die
bitch is Barbie's birthday man
hurricane our wife you fuck on this case
by the way Barbie's a blogger now we
talk about them
Barbie did a video about I think suicide
and I'm gonna keep it real big help me
out I woke up this morning feeling a
little blue no real reason that I can
think of just blue Barbie being
depressing and sad is my grand back off
bitch okay I need to change the angle of
this because you need to really see the
cutest all right so now I'm just going
to ice the size rule nervous what I
wanna go but which I put this in the
freezer should I like let it harden or
something oh no okay I'm figuring it out
I'm doing it see does that look good
oh no it's tilted oh fuck
why is it tilting alright this is hard
it's like falling apart
oh no you know Barbie is laughing at me
she's like 10 can make that better eat
great oh okay let me just shift
everything around because you guys oh
okay if you walked into a bakery and
somebody was just icing the cake like
this yeah I'll be ready in just a second
let me just really make it Brady
alright I think I'm going to put this in
the freezer and let it like sit before I
continue all right Barry okay okay so I
just took this one out of the freezer
and she's so fucked up
while that was in the freezer I also
made a backup one that I did on top of a
cup and I used a different kind of icing
but I ran out of green so there's no
green bitch I am tired but whatever now
it's time to sprinkle so I feel like the
sprinkles will cover all the flaws that
should be cleared slogan okay so first
let's do the fucked up cake I mean I
just want to throw sprinkles all over
this bitch oh this is actually kind of
working like I kinda don't see where my
fingers have been wetting on icing okay
you know what it's not bad I mean like
what I pay for it no would I eat it in
one bite and an aspirin
they're one big yeah all right that's
one now let's decorate the other one so
I'm just going to kind of like really
coat her up there are sprinkles all over
the floor thank God I have a vacuum on
my face oh that's not that bad okay
let's cut into these because that's the
moment bitch that's what we have all
been waiting for
I want to see a layer layer layer layer
oh my god I'm so scared oh my god oh my
god oh my god come on come on oh my god
please work please work please work I
work so hard on this please please
please work please work please work
please work please work please Jesus
please God please all the gods look at
that I am freaking out oh my god it's so
pretty nice look you look here I am so
happy my cat's not gonna give a fuck all
right I'm gonna move over here because I
want to get a really good angle at this
cut she is lopsided okay please work
please work cut in here oh god this is
not working okay there's not gonna work
up wait wait wait she might depress oh
she got a surprise huh oh my love you
know ignore that oh my god
that actually is really pretty too I am
so excited oh my god that is so fucking
cute ah also this is what my kitchen
looks like a midnight
except I be sitting there and that would
be gone alright cheeto dessert is served
cheeto
come on Oh daddy made you a full cake so
over come on oh my god oh my god oh I'm
so proud oh wait no yeah just like daddy
would just right off the floor yes bitch
full right here we okay come on Queen
looks like let's be civil okay these are
manners let's eat the entire cake off
the table oh okay come on Oh oh my god
this is so cute I can't deal with this
oh my god you love it happy birthday
don't worry there's no chocolate in
there I know that chocolate killed Cass
did
that before oh my god those teeth are
fucking terrifying oh my god
yeah come on get in there come on Oh
here do you want me to light a candle so
you can make a wish or that animal abuse
I don't know all right I'm gonna take
this away because I don't want you to
actually get sick okay but that's me
what does go home you enjoy the video of
me making a tiny cake for my cat because
I don't have a life if you want me to
make more tiny food for my cat give me a
thumbs up so I know also leave some
comments down below what I should make I
was thinking of making like a full-on
tiny Taco Bell meal how to do it mainly
because I'm just gonna eat all of it
before it even gets them again also make
sure to subscribe our channel right now
below hit the notification bells and I
make new videos every fucking day and
you can want to see my last tiny food
video I made my cat a stack of pancakes
I'll put a link to the top in
description below alright you little
tiny cakes I will see you tomorrow
