saw a guy riding a scooter wearing a
neck brace celebrity tweet
just locked you got to make sure it's
unlocked
that way the intruders can just walk
right in you don't want them to have to
struggle then they're tired by the time
they rape you and what's the fun in that
hey guys it's me Parris I'm walking
around Shane's apartment just looking oh
my god what the fuck about is that Madea
hallelujah oh my god a puppy why are you
wearing a diaper that Shane do this to
you because the last time I hung out
with Shane I had to wear a diaper
afterward too he gets really fist happy
oh my god the world isn't it crazy that
everybody everywhere has seen what the
inside of my vagina looks like on my sex
tape wow that makes me wanna cry ooh
Jesus
me and him are kind of fighting right
now like I don't understand why he left
the Kardashians happen but that's fine
Jesus we'll talk about it later
oh it's Shane and his beard when do you
think he'll shave her off is that the
world's biggest Blount hmm let's take a
hit I don't feel anything oh look at all
the dancing hippopotamuses ha ha ha a
bunch of double-ended dildos wrapped
around a big wire what is this my house
oh it reminds me of my dad dad are we
done yet
oh I'm over it Oh finally can I go play
outside now so much food oh look at all
these containers if I had these at my
house I probably put my weed in here put
my weed in here definitely put my weed
in here and then put my Bible in here
you know so I could use the pages as
rolling paper Wow lots of underwear oh
my god a big hole in the crotch wow look
at all the flannel 1 2 3 oh my god I can
only count to 4 this is too much last
but not least the bathroom or as I call
it the kitchen I do my eating over here
I do my not eating over here then I do
my crying over here in the mirror and
then I light a candle set the mood and
then I pet the birdy hi sweet birdy
do you think I look fat today a dildo
that plugs into the wall oh my god
this is genius
huh oh my god this could turn my vagina
into a puppet hey Paris are you doing
we should go boom Oh once in a while my
vagina throws up that's normal right
speaking of puppets hey I'm a seal
please save me
Shane does so many things to me please
get me out of here I'll do anything
suck a dick so hot just get me out of
here oh uh oh my god he's you what do we
do I don't know see you wait what am i
doing I don't care about you I need to
get out of here why should I hide the
closet no that's the first place you'll
go get it no sack a joke no this is way
too obvious I'm always in here under the
bed okay
I don't think he sees us
pooh-bah all right what's up you guys
yes surprise it's not actually Paris
Hilton it's me guys oh I know I just
really doing a stupid vlog today I'm
still at home sick so hopefully I'll be
fine by tomorrow cuz we're filming a big
video and yes I'm aware my Paris Hilton
voice sounded a lot different today um
number one because I'm sick but number
two because I haven't done that voice in
a long time I'm trying to remember
question of the day which pairs voice to
you my best number one you're fat and
ugly and gross number two you're fat and
ugly and gross or number three you're
fat and ugly and gross this is my life
why are you guys watching this corny
anyway tell them about your diaper nope
neither do i cuz it's very embarrassing
all right you guys I'm gonna go
hopefully you had fun watching you be
stupid today and I had fun watching you
be stupid today I'm just assuming you're
being stupid and there's a dead body in
my washing machine I gotta go take care
of that
my don't mean that's what I've been like
this for the last day and by this I mean
