if it's wrong to have my dressing for
breakfast then I don't wanna be right
celebrity tweet
fuck you well hey what's up you guys I
know you thought it was gonna be a dog
talking to you but it's not it's me
crazy so I'm making this video because I
am really annoyed right now and I need
to vent who I'm holding back cuz I am so
fucking frustrated and I'm frustrated
because I love you guys
I love you so much and I'm not just
saying that to make money I'm not just
saying that because I want you to buy a
shirt I'm not saying that for you to buy
my song I'm saying that because I
genuinely mean I love you guys I make
videos because I love to make videos and
because they're fun for me because I
know that you guys are going to get joy
yet number oh we need to talk about
something and we need to be honest with
each other I'm gonna tell you the truth
and you're going to get real mad and
you're going to say Shane unsubscribe
Shane I hate you Shane
fuck you but you need to listen to this
because this is going to help you for
the rest of your life every song that's
coming out right now from a boy pop star
or a boy pop group is about the same
thing girl I know your friends thank you
ugly but I think you pretty and I'm not
fuck you one day if you buy my song
hashtag I love you they don't love you
they don't fucking think you're pretty
they don't fucking want to fuck you
they're never ever ever going to go on a
date with you because they're fucking
billionaire pop stars and their fucking
supermodels in the backbone dirty gross
bus that Avril Lavigne is probably
thrown up in that actually sounds like a
great life maybe I'll try to be a pop
star oh wait no but seriously it's
getting to the point where I go on
Twitter and I see you guys being like oh
my god listen to this song my favorite
song can I click on it and the song
starts out the same way alright whenever
you're a fan girl I know you think that
you of me but I don't girl I know you
think that you fed but you're not
because you're perfect girl you know yet
but fake to me
that's not even a real song I just made
it up but guess what if I sold that to
fucking One Direction they'd be like
that's amazing perfect what's making now
the reason I'm upset right now is
because emblem3 from x-factor who I
thought was pretty good just came out
with a song and their whole thing was
they're like oh yeah we're you know
we're like sublime we're like you guys
don't know who that is
we're not really pop stars we're kind of
like rock pop reggae like whatever songs
and I was like oh okay so when I heard
that they have new song oh
kind of a summer song no you know what
it is it's a song literally okay
literally these are the fucking lyrics
get ready for the shit you're ready to
have your fucking mind blown bitch Chloe
I know your sister turns everyone on but
you're the one that I want if only you
can believe in yourself the way that I
believe in you I do if only you can see
all the beautiful things that I see in
you it's true are you fucking kidding me
and all these kids on Twitter right now
are like oh my god clearly it's the best
song ever oh my god I love it some know
all they want is your fucking money and
listen I get it you're gonna say Shane
you made a song both fuck-ups is not
just taking money from people who think
they're fucked up no fuck-ups was a song
saying I'm a fuckup guess what I'm a
fuckup and yeah if you're a fuckup -
guess what well fucking fuck-ups I'm not
giving you false hope and being like Oh
guys guess what you're a fuckup I'm
gonna fuck you you fuck up because that
would be creepy that would be disgusting
I'm 24
you're 12 that guy in emblem3 looks like
the fucking Hulk you want him to fuck
you I mean I wanted to fuck me
but I'm 24 so they assigned with you
know Simon Cowell's people I think
probably they literally are becoming one
direction because let's let's take a
stroll back in time to one Direction's
first huge hit where the song literally
starts out with you're insecure don't
know what for you're turning heads when
you walk through the door everyone else
in the room sees it everyone but you can
we go back to the emblem3 song where it
literally says if you could only believe
in yourself the way that I knew if you
only saw the things that were beautiful
guy see it's the same song every pop
star comes out with the same song and
let me also give you another piece of
fucking proof Jesse McCartney tried to
be a big pop star didn't really work out
I actually liked his second album his
first album his first single start with
beautiful soul and the chorus is I don't
want another pretty face I don't want
just anyone to hold I want you I want
your beautiful soul the music industry
is all about taking money from people
who feel bad about themselves and it's
really sad and it's really disgusting
and it makes me
being angry and it's all geared towards
children and these pop stars could be
making songs that were like hey you
might feel not great you might feel not
attractive you might feel like you're
not the best but I think you're great
and I think you could succeed in the
world but instead these songs are like
hey but I still want to date you like
every song isn't even about feeling like
a better person it's about wanting to
get fucked so I'm starting right now a
petition against all of these fucking
bullshit songs and I know you guys are
mad at me and I know you're like oh my
god Cheney One Direction I put them on
my tits they're tattooed on my body
I even think One Direction agrees with
me I think if One Direction saw this
video they'd be like yeah pretty much
yeah
because it's ridiculous and it makes me
angry and these poor girls that are
hearing this music are falling for and
they're giving all their money so
question of the day what's the song out
there that is similar to this because
there's so many and I think would be
really funny to see the comments because
I mean just going through my head I mean
I mean there's you know it's a good we
know it's a good example Selena Gomez
who says now that song was about like
you know you don't feel beautiful but
who says you're not beautiful that's a
good message and I know it's kind of on
the vein of what makes you beautiful but
she's not being like you know what
you're beautiful do you want a scissor
that's not what she's doing she's saying
you're beautiful you're a great person
you can do something you could be a
fucking doctor or something so anyways
that's my rant I just wanted to express
that to you guys so you know not to fall
for this shit because so many songs are
going to be coming out this summer that
are all like this and please don't give
in don't waste your fucking money even
if it's catchy because it's not fair
it's not fair to yourself and it's
making these stupid fucking songs even
more popular and then all these fucking
kids believe this shit and just know
that I think you're beautiful I don't
know what you look like physically so I
can't say that you're physically
beautiful or not and I'd also go to jail
for that but I think you're inside
you're beautiful and I'm half
that you're in my life and I'm happy to
be a part of your life and I'm not
trying to steal your money
and yes I make money on YouTube and yes
I sell shirts and yes I sell music I
have never once lied to you I've been
like girl if you buy my shirt or we
don't date girl I'm gonna fuck you so
hard girl if you have that shanedawsontv
girl I've never done that I'm never
going to do that this makes me sick
makes me angry I'm sorry I love you guys
so much
you're beautiful to me let's fuck what
is it smell like smells like your butt
I'm trying to fart so bad I
