saw a guy riding a scooter wearing a
neck brace celebrity tweet
birds in the sky you know how I feel Sun
in the sky you know how I am
but Rifton embark on he knows how I feel
it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new mousse it IV
you're a standing ovation fuck you hey
guys
yes I'm feeling good I know I'm not
looking very good right now but I'm
feeling good I'm also excited about life
right now career-wise I'm getting a
little stressed and I'm kind of
panicking because like as I talk to you
talk oh my god I turned English ah as
I've talked to you guys before I'm just
gonna do the whole rest of the vlog like
that anyways as I talked to you guys
before about and about my telly show in
two weeks we're gonna start pitching it
start start start we're gonna that's not
even an accent that was like Helen
Keller we're gonna start pitching it
water water
no we're gonna start pitching it and and
I'm nervous I'm really excited because I
want to make sure that it's the right
tally show and I want to make sure that
it's everything that you guys moved I'm
gonna stop talking like that I'm excited
about life right now I'm very stressed
so we are pitching the show in a couple
weeks and I want to make sure it's
perfect and then there's also trying to
figure out how to do SD hi but yeah I'm
getting a little overwhelmed and and
it's funny because my daily vlogs have
kind of turned into a thing that's
keeping me going because I'm gonna not
gonna lie like in the beginning daily
vlogs were kind of like stressful and
like oh fuck I got to film everything
and now it's like a way for me to just
get away from all the stress and just
hang out with you guys because I feel
like you guys are I don't know like my
friends Courtney's asleep she doesn't
care anyways so yes I'm happy I'm happy
to have you guys in my life I'm happy to
have Lauren in my life I'm happy to have
Lisa and everybody who supports me and
I'm also happy to be drinking more water
as you guys noticed my pee was very
clear in the Dare video and that's
because I've been drinking like ten
gallons of water a day because you know
I went through a little bit of a
depression and I gained a little bit of
weight and I lost it thank God all I had
to do is not eat huh no I did it very
helpfully I haven't worn this shirt in
like a year so I'm very excited Lisa's
not gonna be excited she hates a shirt
fuck her so today I'm gonna have a lunch
meeting with totally sketch we're gonna
talk about doing some kind of a big
awesome video and then I think me and
Lisa are gonna have a date and I'm gonna
film the whole thing because I'm creepy
nice so I'm here with totally sketch
we're about to see scary movie 5 because
we want to want to see the worst movie
of all time and we wanted to get rid of
$12 fast real fast as you guys know what
scary movie 5 just came out well I think
we're all on the same page but
amazing right so we're gonna do this
movie and then afterward we're gonna
tell you how terrible was but Tisdale's
gonna be great
well guys we just saw that here's the
deal we just felt raped
I feel raped by the tis that was the
absolute saying the worst movie ever
doesn't even let me put it this way
I actually saw an app propria comedy the
ShamWow guys movie this might be worse I
just I don't get it I don't because I
actually really like all the other scary
movies like we were talking about this
like even the fourth one the third one
like yeah they were stupid but they're
funny this is really Oh buddy laughs you
could actually laugh at those like this
one I don't even know what they're and
I'm so sad because I actually love David
Zucker Pat proft ooh like they don't
care about those people
I love the ticket airplane like they did
like old school like they started this
like slammer unless they invented a sand
horse fucking shit all right guys that's
it we're done
I'm gonna kill myself now we're done you
better watch out girl I'm looking around
because I'm the FBI female body
instructor no because they wear it from
behind question of the day what's your
favorite app because I'm I think I'm
asking you again I want to make an app
and I want it to be really fun and crazy
and I want it to be something that you
guys actually I want to do an app where
like you make your own like well I had
this other idea for an app but she
thinks it's bad but basically it's
Pinterest but for porn so like if you
see something on your phone you're like
oh I could totally jerk off to that
later you click on it and it goes to
your yeah I wonder I don't like that
idea I think you should be called spank
bank
because it's like you know that's what
you call it when you so it's perfect
it's better than poor interest why'd you
pay for that I love you guys we're gonna
go
tomorrow's gonna be an interesting vlog
I promise I'm just letting you know this
vlog has been pretty terrible nobody's
like got naked nobody's made out we're
trying to get another spank bank
no leave your tongue out they need
they're not done yet leave your fucking
tongue out smells like I'm trying to
fart so bad
hi guys my name is reoffending with you
by hey shut up nigga
