I'm sorry I'm ah fuck it
yeah Kearney so excited about the new
dual-core knees like the statue girl you
know the girl it can chat with you yeah
like when you win D word like she stomps
out like a little slutty dress yeah
she's a hot girl so I was watching Tyler
Oakley who's an awesome youtuber and he
made up this family oh please say you're
playing yes definitely thought I was
Joey Graceffa they have the same voice
you just think all I do is watch Joey
Graceffa it's jad I know so basically
what he did was he made a bunch of fake
categories for like if there was a
YouTube Awards so you know prettiest
funniest craziest whatever and then we
both write down what we think and then
at the end we're gonna tell you the
winners it's like the OTP it's like the
YouTube OTP but this is even better
because we're going to offend more
people yeah that's what we do so we're
gonna do half on my channel and 1/2 on
her channel there's 12 Awards so we'll
do 6 years 6 step get it okay and you
guys play too so when we write this down
you guys think in your head most likely
to make you piss yourself from laughing
now is this like intentional laughing or
I don't think it doesn't matter there
are a lot of people on YouTube I watch
because they're not funny our first date
cuz it's due to number two best couple
I'm me is there a competition Luke and
Ingrid obviously almost was tell you
what about me
most likely to end up in jail Shana
she's black you're not supposed to say
I'll do it now Best Dressed honey right
here I really noticed this Shane Dawson
hide listen you can't make fun of me
from wearing mo my own merch Toby Turner
was Tobuscus shirt every fucking day he
does but you know what's more
embarrassing what the shirt I'm wearing
I was in embarrassing that's so that's
so lame yeah so PS guys a shameless plug
shameless plug shameless plug these
shirts are now in my shirt store Shane
Dawson hi
which basically means that there's a
high school full of people who make
jokes and wear wigs do you want to join
biggest collab for which basically means
somebody who is always trying to be in
other people's videos biggest flirt not
you you're a terrible flirt it's not
true oh my god I had to ask you out well
yeah but that's because I'm hard to get
all right so we have the answers and I
hope you guys have your answers let's
see if we all get the same most likely
to make you piss yourself from laughing
I said Miranda sings she's so fun pretty
good that's pretty good I put what the
buck um I think every time I watch one
of his videos I laugh no matter what it
is even if he's just sitting in his room
talking to his dogs typically you'd pick
someone that's just like you so I love
him so buck if you're watching this I
love you and Miranda if your watches
watchin best couple well clearly it's
Ingram Luke but since that's the obvious
choice
I felt fall in love with a new couple
Yeti for this I thought I should share
with you okay I really think the best
new couple on YouTube is Joey Graceffa
and you our relationship is so touristy
oh my god everyone has been tweeting me
and being like how do you feel
threatened by joey graceffa well okay
here's a deal he came over and he kissed
him and he soft like you're soft but
he's like baby bye he's God's finger
soft
he smells amazing his hair is perfect
skin is flawless girl he had like a
little tailored little outfit on he had
like his little shoes he his dick was
kind of like hanging out you kind of see
it bulging on its pants he's everything
that I wanted and everything I want for
you thank you
I learned a new term by the way that I
didn't know what it meant but when
people ship something yeah it means they
want it to be in a relationship so
people are oh I didn't know I just
thought I was like I was like no no
people are shipping me and Joey so I'm
just letting know that me and Joey
you're being shipped
I mean people used to say that they
should the ship sank like they're done
Titanic like they're moving on me and
Joey are totally the new Titanic I'm
rose I'm naked I'm posing Joey's drawing
me he's crying
it's uncomfortable I'm gonna find me
someone that
a girl that everyone's gonna ship us
together it's not a sexual most likely
to end up in jail I said old okay I feel
like she is a sneaky bitch she can back
bend her way into some trouble and her
accent throws people off and just
innocent looking but I feel like she can
like fucking kicks Matz I feel like
she's like a undercover murderer yeah
like a serial killer yeah she's actually
not even from Russia all an act
yeah I put Lucas Cruikshank because I
feel like he's getting famous very
quickly and he like at some point he's
going to have a meltdown like you know
adjustment be remote down he's gonna go
cray Oh drag you're just like really
serious and dark like you could be the
next level yeah he could be the next
Lucille oh my god could you imagine us
as a YouTube community we need all
Lindsay Lohan he's gonna be fine he's
amazing but Olga can you imagine him in
jail I'd rape them I'd ship it
best-dressed all right well I'm giving a
shout-out to my girls a fab life on
YouTube because they are the best
dressed girls on the internet not true
no it's true not true because the best
dressed girl on the Internet is Rebecca
Black now I don't know if you're aware
of this I'm Rebecca Black as B Tigges
told biddies I have ever seen on a
fourteen-year-old
yeah we're now best underdressed I'm not
done under the I'm not done she dresses
them well because you don't know how
huge they are because she covers them
nicely but once she starts dancing and
once it's Friday Friday and they're
jiggling and the sparklies are just
sparkling all right you know what I guys
say at least this went from gay to
perverted I'm proud of you for talking
about boobs biggest collab whore I think
we should say on the count of three one
two three we love you dude Jason Horton
uh if you guys found out what you should
he's been in a million of my videos and
he's in everybody's videos what am i
video really he's an actor he's also a
youtuber but he is amazing he always
plays a doctor or a teacher or a father
any old guy pirate because he's like the
oldest on the internet even though he's
not old I thought you were the oldest on
your net what's 24th not old he's 35 and
the final one is God biggest flirt
said your mom cuz she's like sexy and
like people come over here videos and
she charms him and she feeds them and
she gives them coffee and tea I feel
like that's not flirting that's
encouraging bad eating habits no she's a
smart woman she's secretly flirting with
them well I put Megan conscious now
because don't notices she's youtuber
she's a singer she was on Ellen oh and I
follow her on Facebook or Twitter one of
those things and every fucking picture
is literally hurt it's either her tits
her ass her vag a her lip and she's like
bite me like they're all like sexual and
every time Lisa walks in the room I'm
looking at one like oh my god I can't
believe maybe it was just tweeted
picture predict
Slover the jönköping of joy Graceffa
this is a liver job you wish me a
Saturday I did my job
I'd want her to fuck me so hard and sing
while she's fucking me yeah she's got a
pretty voice she does so make it tone
just if you're watching this keep
tweeting those pictures girl because
that's fucking little Shane is getting
something out of it all right so that is
the first six the second six will be on
her channel so you can go check that out
without a link somewhere and question of
the day who you guys can answer these
two in the comments but let's make up a
new category how about best pet on
YouTube because we're gonna go with
unicorn obviously who are you gonna go
with alright you guys I'll see you
tomorrow yeah but those were mine and
you and we will see you on part two of
this video see you there bye what did I
just say don't eat anything that was
sent to you because it could be poisoned
