yeah I'm sorry I'm so if you fuck up all
the time let's see ah fuck it
oh it's a one-take fuck what dick bug
with the dog with the dog and I think
here and Sean is wet but we're not gonna
talk about why we ain't gonna talk about
issue because you're still mad at me so
we just finished filming my video for
tomorrow for Saturday why I better go
home and edited I know
so I pink hair you'll find out why and
Sean is white you'll find out why
there's a bunch of random food objects
you won't find out why cuz yeah we
didn't have a film in that part um there
is some oh I forgot to show you guys
this I got um from Spreadshirt the
company that makes my merchandise they
made some cool little uh this is a fuck
up shirt they made its new there's this
shirt with me hugging a bunch of sad to
prep weight they're happy okay a bunch
of happy kids with black eyes no no the
happy cuz I'm hugging them right right
boom and in one of these baseball shirts
this is Shane Dawson hi although Shane
Dawson yes because she has a black guy
I'm sorry I didn't some diva missive for
me V Gore that's what happens we know
right mom she just got real you see this
you got zero uh
no so all that's available on this shirt
store if you don't want to buy it don't
buy it
I'm not gonna buy it keeps in a wrinkled
girl I'll give it away though a question
of the day which one do you like the
best and I'll pick one of you and send
it to you do you like the one where you
have a black guy do you like SD high or
do you like this backup one uh and also
mom had a lot happen to her today we're
not gonna talk about it but this video
going up tomorrow it's based I'll tell
you what it is it's a dare video it's
dare the Dawson I haven't done one of
these in like four years
and last time I did I end up licking my
grandma's foot and her toenail scrape
the inside of my mouth so so on
Erlik you'll lick the other girl foot
what ya'll when we first met Shane Dare
and when we were on set
Shane dared the sweet girl - she's a
hoot he's a who don't have the arms and
his arm and he made this girl take out
our foot that was dirty and black as my
skin and his underwear
mmm slow motion I wasn't saying it
reminded me of my dead grandma by the
way guys I had a conversation with a
medium and she and now I have a new I
have a new catch phrase but I'll get
into that in a minute
she basically told me what my grandma
wanted to tell me and it was really
really cool and it was listen I know
that a lot of you guys part not believe
in that shit I honestly didn't either
but she described my grandma and
everything to like it was insane like my
mom could attest to that
it was insane right pretty crazy pretty
quick right but basically my grandma was
trying to tell me something and she
finally told me and it was that I need
to quit YouTube so bye it was that I
need to slow down and stop working so
much because I'm gonna end up dying
because I'm killing stressing my body
out and I'm dying my hair pink this is
this is the start of like a Amanda Bynes
breakdown which by the way what is going
on with her
I looked up interviews of her from a
long time ago and she was normal
what happened when I liked about her oh
wait that was her show yeah and now
she's not she's oh that's just crazy she
a fucker like yeah
scared you another is she locked herself
in the bathroom a doll the cupcake shops
yeah she did that uh and she's going to
Baja Fresh and get burritos when she's
high she did that too I know it said uh
no but my catch phrase is because my
medium told me you know make some
changes in my life do this do that do
this so now every time I do something
that might be kind of like oh my god why
did you do that I'll be like girl my
medium told me
I was allowed to eat that come on medium
told me that this was a good idea nom
hit me you touhina he need to punch you
in face girl it's okay and then like if
I like hit somebody with my car be like
oh my medium told me that I can hit
somebody with my car and it would be
fine cuz I'm just like I'm just like
making the world like a better place by
I'm trying to make him slow down before
you got really hurt that's true
oh and really quick before we go um this
crazy woman came up to our door and she
was like telling me I heard her and she
was like can I come in can I use the
phone can I come in and my mom was like
um um um terrified at this point for
some reason I'm not gonna tell you why
but I did have Nutella all over my face
so I popped out in the doorframe and I
went runner-up and she ran away cuz you
know what my media told me
it's her up to ten on my face I do jump
out and scare strangers know here's a
picture of me with Nutella check it out
scared
there you go did you just run away from
the computer I bet you did
all right you guys that's it I hope you
had fun hang with us for this third
three minutes that we hung out it's kind
of depressing we didn't hang out all day
we did we did we did we yeah but yeah
obviously yeah that's what you we I hang
out a day I don't know I didn't want to
film today because I don't want to like
you to see all the surprise although
I'll show you really quickly um so I
don't know if I told you guys this
already sorry bye guys um I don't if I
told you guys this already but um so my
mom moved upstairs so she's not living
whoa
they can follow me everywhere oh no my
mom moved upstairs so now this bedroom
downstairs was empty so I had my set
designer this really awesome guy come
and he turned this into a bedroom set so
now instead of just a blue wall with a
bookcase it's gonna be like this
kick-ass fucking crazy-looking bedroom
with the zebra cut out a fucking zebra
cut out how cool is that
anyways I'm gonna go you guys I love you
so much I'm very excited about this I'm
also very excited about the fact that
pokey Pikachu is wearing sunglasses and
carrying a big bag of money I always
knew he was a gangster bye no no no
