yeah I'm sorry I'm yeah so if you fuck
up all the time let's all sing ah fuck
it
hey what's up you guys I'm so excited
right now because I have Joshua that's
right and he is the king of challenges
and I am the queen of failures so this
is the perfect duo basically we've
already done half of this on his channel
right put a link somewhere um and you
can see it me and him doing the first
half this challenge were let's just say
his breath now smells like Shauna's
vagina oh my god because no ha ha ha I
mean oh yeah so basically with the
Tengen challenges is you take 12 cans 6
or gross and 6 are normal uh or gross
joy because he's scared of everything
and you put numbers on them from 1 to 12
then you put numbers inside it a hat
because you have and then we each pick
one by one we pick one out and then we
have to eat a spoonful of whatever
number we got if you want to see the
disgusting shit that we ate check out
this video it's gonna get more
disgusting because we threw in dog food
mm-hmm and with your luck you're gonna
get it so no please don't please don't
you have like 10 dogs you deserve to get
it you like make out with them scream
you know the dogs can just like crack it
open and hang out yeah okay so am I
going first yes you are and I hope you
freakin get to come on get it please do
one oh no oh it's so gonna be a jiff
eric is a gift
it's gift yes so give me a gift because
they could just take the can output
something else joy is going about is
yeah get it in there open it up that's
another job
I think we broke it it's very in hell to
be something nasty all right let's see
it is uh-oh what is it
it's beets is it pizza cranberry juice
oh it's cranberry sauce and love is it
oh yeah
oh no cranberry sauce is sure they're so
gross it's like Thanksgiving my hmm
Oh lather that all over my body and
throw me in a turkey but that's
delicious you go I'm just gonna keep
eating this all right okay good I got a
three hey stumpy bad please don't be bad
Shh
is that one thick too it's very big haha
oh my god oh oh how did you get on
Amazing Grace
oh my gosh still on it you could worst
luck ever
what is that chunks of fingers I think
it's the chili beans or something that
looks like bloody poop that's what your
poops can look like oh alright diggin
I'm gonna puke a movie from Bozeman in
this I hate beans so that's the thing
yeah you gotta get a lot of that on
there looks like let me it really does
that's like one time my mom had a poop
problem we had a we had to take sarnoff
way to take poop samples into the doctor
and there's blood and then that's what
it look like oh my god just for telling
your doctor example this oh you're on it
wait okay
this is gross oh let's all give him
support you guys send out a virtual hug
okay that doesn't work it doesn't know
oh oh oh oh God are you really throwing
up oh wait no no throw this way
Oh Oh I tried I tried I tore I dry it
that's really my crusty this is beans
though here hey P pick a spoonful of
mine my disgusting cranberry sauce I
feel bad for you honestly
good you should we've gotten literally
every bad one he's got doing good I
think I'll be okay it's milk yeah baby
needs milk uh-huh come on tail please
please please please please you're gonna
get - hello good I bet this is the bees
yeah we put those back no we didn't we
didn't don't think Oh God squirting
everywhere
oh yeah the fucking beat it is yeah you
know what I would take a good old beat
over dog food and like listen pickle get
it all eat that be Oh smell you know
like am i sir give me a beat what give
me a beat bo let's go boop boop boo boo
boo boo boo boo you me the holy of a
ball get in there what it tastes like
ha ha ha ha ha ha oh my god is you're
not drunk I know why do ages in our bar
up I get your google hair okay oh it's
so healthy like it has a consistency of
like a testicle but that's what I did
like remember one time I bit one of your
testicles yeah yeah pickled it first up
to sink
oh oh oh there's only three laughing why
not that is - okay look is it you can't
look to your yellow is it too
no this is hey you know what can I help
it this one can I do the honors
what the hell listen you know what
though you you picked this one you said
you wanted turkey and bacon I'm just
giving you what you wanted
I mean dog food oh oh no wonder there
wasn't a picture of it on the cam you
ready for this oh this is what it would
look like if I you I was constipated and
I just like open got my butt cheeks ha
ha ha ha
my butt are you fucking kidding me
that's not fair there's nothing fair
about this it's funny they like to me
so it's good I don't wanna oh just that
you know what boy at least try get like
a heaping just like a big ol leg like
ice cream like pretend it's yogurt ok
yogurt well yeah with like dog food
topping oh my gosh mm-hmm hey you know
what is if I would have picked it out oh
man God was like doing ha ha ha can do
it okay here you go anything right oh
yeah thank you baby did it yeah yeah are
you gonna swallow it if you swallow it
you'd be my hero everybody watching
wants you to swallow it do it do it he a
hero B I did it oh my god I don't even
taste it all oh my god hey I can tell
she's how did he do that it's actually
not that bad I want to try it you should
I mean real dog food it's not as bad as
some of the things we've done it hasn't
outdoor taste of like human skin uh what
it is cuz dogs don't can't taste that
well so I think it's not so it's like
there's no seasoning it just okay that
wasn't at that no wasn't I mean I
wouldn't eat the whole candidate no you
know what it kind of tastes like Lisa's
veg
arian food like when she makes nachos
and she's like honey I just made nachos
up here how many scoops do you want ha
2 cans left o ye cat food 9 okay alright
look it's something to get this taste
out that's it like pudding
wait is there only two good ones left
what is that Oh God Oh God
oh it's just peaches that's my future
this is right it's not peaches I don't
know what that's that's not that's
clearly not be just it's white
oh it's pears hello oh your hairs I
guess I get whatever seven is so open up
my pineapple oh yeah yeah you know what
though you deserve it Thank You Val OTT
of terrible things today I might use the
whole campus you enjoy that I will
while he's enjoying that pineapple I
just want to tell you guys that this has
been a terrible day a day of disgusting
food how is it terrible for you you had
a freaking awesome day it's what you had
you know what I changed my mind
today has been a great day I gotta watch
this guy eat the worst things in the
whole world and then throw up into a
pocket mmm-hmm and then I gotta eat a
bunch of fruit which I've had from the
well that's nice wow that's great
alright you guys go check out part 1 of
this video on his channel but the link
somewhere and then um also question of
the day should be what is the grossest
thing that you want me to eat then I'll
eat it for you you will yeah Wow so are
you oh okay arent you guys I hope you -
hang with us we had fun hanging with you
well I did he not too much he kind of
threw up with you I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I can't reach okay I'm not gonna lie
I've never blocked in public like this
your father now everyone are you staring
