yeah I'm sorry I'm so if you fuck up all
the time let's all sing ah fuck it
here to view guys I'm just walking to
the store all alone I have no friends I
know buddy oh my god I have a friend I
have a friend that's where I dine its
friends oh my god you just did that you
did the Miley finger thing and
everything but my way I finally have a
friend who understands my obsession with
Miley Cyrus love you well Miley does so
we are on our way to Rios because we're
gonna do some challenge videos today
we're gonna do a tin can challenge okay
I'm not gonna lie I've never blocked in
public like this you probably know
everybody's staring at me you're good
just keep going we got this is just
Arizona we have to get into the zone you
don't see anything all you see is the
camera party no I see everybody I see
her I see everything
oh my god yeah I'm shaking that was
really scary but you got me through it
that was like a vlog vent intervention
Wow
I'm so proud of him we forgot to get a
basket though yeah so we need to go back
can you do it I got a buck back yeah so
we're gonna be doing the can chow oh
sorry sorry okay I'm sorry
right over we're gonna be doing those
can challenge I'm trying not to look
like I'm vlogging okay so yes we're
doing the tinge can challenge basically
what the challenges is we're gonna take
like six cans and it's a little low oh
this is nice now flattering so so low
we're gonna do their whole again it's
like six cans and take the labels off
and then we're gonna eat them and we're
gonna throw up on each other and then
eat it again it's like two yeah two
girls one cup haha this is gonna be
interesting
oh my god I finally have somebody in the
car with me it's not just a dog it's a
sexy cat right now speaking of animals
um so the way we're gonna make this tin
can challenge go through the fucking
roof is we are putting one can of dog
food in there he's so excited about it
you better freaking get it girls I'm
gonna be able to set here's the thing
what okay so we had to pick out things
we didn't like and things we did like
because that's the challenge you pick
out random like whatever and the things
that he didn't like I was like oh
that that's fine and there's a normal
things he doesn't like like tomatoes or
beans
alright kidding me this fuck I love
beans so good so dog food is probably
the only one in there that I'm gonna get
well and beats really oh my gosh I'm
lying
it's totally lying it'll be interesting
I'm definitely your throw up
we've already talked about this we're
throwing up on each other mm-hm let's do
it in the car okay throw open the car
challenge guess what Lauren I got you
lunch and you say I never I never do
anything for you emaciated wrong no that
blankets hiding everything moodily um so
are you excited about this challenge
what do you thinks gonna happen I think
you're gonna definitely be eating dog
food probably yep I think I just got us
going to be involved a lot of things are
happen but like you didn't dog food will
happen okay perfect so basically you're
cooking yeah so yeah yeah dawn dawn dawn
dawn this was not a good idea
are you kidding me can I just tell you
guys that this was I haven't laughed
this hard in a long time because I don't
to give it away but let's just say that
Joey has the worst luck in the world and
all these disgusting cans might have
gone in mm look at that poop on the tape
that's a happen
hey you boob can you throw up look in
the pocket over it it's so good like
your breath
I can't imagine I'm not close enough to
you but your breath is probably so
disgusting
can you breathing you're handling dinner
no it's just no like mine smells like
nothing that we're here smell like I'm
not even going to try
you know how you actually take you know
how you test your breath oh I learned
this in school because my teacher told
me I had bad breath um you lick your
hand oh and then you wave it around air
it out and then smell it really yeah try
it
waving around like just don't care I got
hanguk you just came by with my hand
we're gonna help with my hand and it's
not I don't smell anything
you have perfect breath after that
why are you perfect screw you this isn't
fair I'm sorry
well that was fine guys question of the
day what do you think Joe is brett Smith
yeah uh question of the day she what's
another challenge video because I we
were trying to find challenge videos and
we got very confused there was the
condom challenge that cotton ball
challenge sounded racist
well everybody just wanted us to have
sex on camera that's not really
challenge yeah that's just fun so it was
really any other challenges leave us
some comments let us know who knows we
might do this again and he might die
afterward after this um good luck try a
clock with you again no fine alright you
guys hope you have funding it does - a
we had fun Angra view and we'll see you
well I will see you I will see you -
yeah cuz I watch your videos every
single day I'll see you tomorrow
hey what's up you guys remember that one
time you saw that movie about that girl
that got fucked by a bunch of trees and
killed all her friends
yeah me too it just happened
