where you know we're really good we
actually looked up every black Peter and
I take in black theater and then for
area code I put because honestly like I
like seeing a movie with okay I honestly
do like seeing movies thank you
recaps constant me and my mom every
weekend used to go to the movie theaters
in the ghetto to see scary movies cuz I
just love if I'm black you know that I
just love the feeling of the blacks by
the way we invited Shauna and she's like
so we are gonna go see the movie and I
can't film any of it cuz I will get
arrested actually we're two black Peter
I'll just have my phone down here and
you'll just hear about your black Oh
we're gonna see me and I'll see you guys
soon anyway thanks all right we're in
the movie theater and they have a small
that tells you the future so
sarcastaball junk is covered by its main
want to keep pointing it out and saying
okay so I'm gonna ask the question and
let's see what happens is my life ever
gonna get better and am I ever gonna
find happiness me the answer is they
can't even decide your chairs
wow that's exactly what God says and my
mom and everybody in my life am I did
honey I can answer that
mm-hmm forget about it doesn't it
doesn't make sense cuz like sometimes
when I hooked up with strangers and
they're like wait you're a guy I'm not
getting that I'm like
for the night you know what I mean oh
god that's her miss over you is let's
just call it I'm hard as log job real
noodley and short right and disgusting
person
so look what I just found guys so it's
not hey what's up you guys remember that
one time you saw that movie about that
girl that got fucked by a bunch of trees
and killed all her friends
yeah me too it just happened so if you
guys don't know what Evil Dead is it's
uh well it's a movie I think and I am
very confused as to what I just watched
corny remember when you fucked that tree
and tried to kill me oh my god okay okay
I was a joke it was a joke a joke are
you possessed by the devil
so yes we just saw the Evil Dead and I
don't know if I liked it I'm very
surprised I thought I was gonna really
like it it was just really gross and it
wasn't that funny and it wasn't scary at
all
it was gross did you guys see it I
already do a question of the day if I
didn't do a question of the day
did you see it and did you like it also
what's your favorite scary movie because
that was definitely not mine
I'd say at the moment my favorite scary
movie is probably still scream but yeah
I don't know it hasn't been anything
that's come out that's better than that
corny is just not interested what are
you eating
I think it's a dream all right you guys
I'm gonna go before I go I thought it'll
be fun
lisa is sick so I got her a bunch of
shitty magazines and I've been really
into reading horoscopes lately because
they're stupid so let's read one okay so
I'm a cancer no one's working harder
than you this week girl that is so true
you thrive when you're creating order
out of your chaos and people in power
are sure to take notice to your efforts
girl that sounds good
that sounds like I'm gonna get myself a
talk show girl I like this one Graham oh
I'm gonna rip this put on my fridge look
at this big old bitch every day and cry
cuz I like that horoscope you guys what
does that mean does that mean I'm gonna
make it does that mean I'm gonna
actually get a TV show or am I just
gonna get fucked by a tree either way
I'll block it
alright you guys I hope you had fun hang
with me - hang with you when I'll see
you because the Evil Dead is gonna get
you just took a pimp I just wanna say
bullshit went out getting factored fuck
up
