in Canada under $10 is coin under $5
coins so then yeah at a strip club
are you throwing coins at no I don't I
never been to a strip club but I would I
would guess so you give fives at least
you know we do we value our workers in
Canada
ah bed tired
nighttime pillow dreams hey what did the
guys yes welcome back to another creepy
video now about a month ago I made a
video about the simulation theory now
just to sum that up basically it's a
theory that the entire world as we know
it is really just a simulation and we
talked about all the evidence to prove
that that in fact might be true and also
in that video I mentioned how creepy
would it be if you saw a ditch like what
if you were standing outside something
weird happened to the sky like a - or
you look in the mirror and your face
just why I looked it up and it turns out
there have been some spotted glitches in
the matrix and they aren't pretty now
obviously some of them are not that
creepy some of them are just kind of
funny
I mean sometimes we'll be two people
walking on the street wearing the exact
same thing looking exactly the same
sometimes we'll be people on a bus that
looks identical to each other sometimes
they'll be two of the exact same animal
looking in the exact same location and
sometimes there's just a shit ton of
people with the same exact fucking
haircut
so obviously those are not glitches
those are just coincidences but these
next few candles are very different okay
so this first video is of a family
driving on the freeway and they look up
and they see a plane and it does not
seem to be moving
I know literally it's just fucking
hovering there which is not possible so
maybe it's just glitch now I'm not going
to tell you what happens in this next
one it's just fucking crazy
yes literally comes out of nowhere watch
it again how is that possible I didn't
see him falling out of a car I didn't
see him walking across the street he
just appeared out of nowhere which is
exactly what would happen in a Matrix
movie when neo pops into the universe so
maybe that guy just popped into our
simulation and this next one is very
confusing and I was trying to find if
these were real or not but this one is
just so rad
what you chose you to be not one not one
oh yeah another just out of nowhere got
a bike now there's not only video
footage of people that are claiming to
see glitches there's also some really
intense stories now if you go on reddit
there's a glitches in the matrix section
and it is filled with some of the creepy
stories you've ever read here's just one
that that really freaked me out when I
was a teenager I had two really intense
dreams in one night the first was about
a friend calling me to say she had
broken up with her boyfriend I said if
you mind the seals don't cry over the
folder the second dream I found one of
my friends bodies floating dead in a
bathtub I didn't think anything of it
until I loved online that evening and
one of my friends told me that her
boyfriend broke up I asked if I could
call her she said no not long after that
my phone rang and a different friend
called me this was the friend who I saw
floating dead in the bathtub in my dream
I was completely freaked out at this
point but I just talked to her normally
she was just talking about school and
stuff then I heard a splash in the
background I asked her are you in the
tub and when she said yes my heart
dropped I asked her what did you do she
didn't answer me right away and then
after a long pause she told me that she
had taken an entire bottle of pills and
took it with mushrooms and vodka she had
gotten scared
waiting for it to kick in so she called
me because she wanted to hear somebody's
voice I hung up they called 9-1-1 by the
time they got to her house she was
unconscious in the bath
but she was alive today she's a mom with
a beautiful little girl and she's oh ooh
that one's crazy because stuff like that
happens all the time people will have
dreams with premonitions or visions of
something that's going to happen and
then it does so are all premonitions
just glitches in the matrix well then I
found this video online of a guy talking
about a game that you can play or
supposedly you can see a glitch in the
mirror this is something that anybody
can do y'all you'll need a mirror and
that's it it is you in a mirror and a
room that has some lighting alright so
I'm going to take you guys with me to my
mirror in the bathroom and I'm going to
try to see I can see okay so first I
have to just look at myself in the
mirror
stare at like in between your eyes and
you're going to make your eyes go just
slightly blurry so that in between your
eyes looks clear but the rest of your
face looks slightly out of focus that's
what you want to do okay so I'm focusing
in the middle of my forehead whoa that's
weird
I just went away oh my nose has gone oh
this is so weird I haven't done this
since I was a kid okay once you have
that stare in the mirror or you're
looking between your eyes generate
emotion I'm happy or mad just generate a
good a negative or a positive emotion
and watch your face more okay so I'm
going to think of something that makes
me mad
that way wait let me do that again
that was fucking weird okay something
that makes me mad okay I don't know how
to explain that but right when I got mad
my eye foot weapon and spread super far
apart and then when I got mad a second
time my eyes like I'm like fell down and
my whole chain with God which thought do
that pause this video go you're here
fine do that okay so this next thing is
kind of similar to the glitch in the
matrix thing but also very real now I'm
sure most of you guys have heard of the
word now an aura is an atmosphere or a
quality that surrounds a person thing or
place you know people say like oh your
aura is so inviting
it basically means your energy now as we
know energy is all around us every
single thing in the world has empty but
what if there was a way that you could
see your well there is so what you'll be
doing is taking one of your hands and
holding it out and about arm's length
I'm looking at mine and it's in front of
a white wall what I'd like you to do is
focus in between two of the fingers and
instead you can actually focus first on
one finger and then fix the focal
distance of your eye
just in between okay so I'm looking and
everything's going on okay and when you
focus in between there you start to see
between blanks because if you blink
you're gonna need to start all over
again
okay I'm trying not to blink it's very
hard oh oh my god whoa just from the
period of time that you're just gazing
with a soft relaxed focus you'll be able
to see the energy around the finger tips
this is crazy I feel like I've seen this
before and I just didn't know that that
was like an aura but it's pretty strong
so mine is like as a
shirt blue mixed with and green now
hopefully you saw yours so now let me
explain to you what the color means all
right so I'm looking at all the colors
on your phone so mine is green which
means that you are powerful and
intelligent but mom is also blue which
means that I'm loving nurturing and
supportive and I have a big heart and a
lot of emotions and I'm also a good
helper oh okay my good what if it was
like bigness
so I'm going to read through the other
colors to see what your Awan might be so
rag means that your sensual and you kind
of put the body first you have a lot of
self-confidence and you just suck in
love life orange means that you're a
thrill seeker and you're a daredevil and
you like to do crazy a shit magenta
means that you're unique and different
you don't really fit in with everybody
else
yellow is energetic and fun and childish
and you just love to live every second
like it's your last
and one of the other popular colors is
violet which means that you are a
performer and you love to teach and you
love to help people and you love the
planet and you're very much into the
environment and how to sex so here's a
great deep art you can also look at
somebody else and see their science has
proven that subtle energies affect us
whether we want to believe in it or not
energy is everywhere good energy bad
energy and if you can tune in to energy
and see it like the aura then you can
affect how this energy impacts you in
your life okay so here's what I'm going
to do I'm going to sit in front of a
white wall and I'm just going to sit
there and you can try to see what you
want to do is ask them a span about 10
feet away what you want to do is you
want to stare at the nose and then with
the relaxed gaze use your peripheral
vision so what you'll first see around
their head and shoulders is basically a
transparent fog but it's just going to
be barely just an inch to maybe half an
inch just off the shoulders and around
their head once you catch it
you just want to keep your gaze relaxed
don't get excited and stare right at it
and it's probably going to disappear
okay so once you catch it just quietly
observe it just watch it and just notice
it it's like you're just studying it and
as you begin to study it that's when the
or is going to start to grow brighter
and to come more into focus
I'm sorry I had to it was too easy
this is t my aura did you see it if not
I don't know it might not work like on
camera but do it to your friends
the last your mom came onto your aura
don't do that you know what I'm gonna do
it to Drew and Garret they're coming
over tonight I'm going to see their
auras
okay believe it though I'm just going to
look at you and so is the audience and
where I try to see your aura okay so
just look straight forward don't make
any movement look at this yourself
good thank you doctor okay I got yours
Wow yes this is weird
okay so Garrett yours was a mixture of
green and blue but it was more green
I'm Joey mission green blue cone green
means that you're powerful and
intelligent it also means that you're
very bright you have good ideas and you
don't like dealing with all the steps of
getting an idea made you just want to do
it oh okay you're ready yes you said
what color did you want to be purple oh
well yours was violet which is basically
purple you better now this one's really
cool ready this one is only for a select
amount of people it's for inspirational
visionaries leaders performers and
people that help and want to save the
planet
damn that you bitch welcome to me okay
so since we've been talking about auras
and premonitions and all that stuff
there's another part of the movie the
matrix that really fascinated me and
that was the woman who could see the
future so I thought what have we tested
our abilities together to see how
psychic we are okay I found a couple
like telepathy tests online so here's
the first one Olivia's clavata video and
we must be to choose one of the symbols
the assembled here along the bottom and
operability is we've just below the lens
of the camera we have got one of those
symbols and we're going to be focusing
on Tiberium as people have been trying
to introduce mold effect and there's a
say about and how that connects into sin
so we're going to be projecting the
image directing towards use area and
you're trying to keep foolish see kids
come to cross your bottom and if you
happen to be drawn towards a particular
one and then cool without and thus able
to be renouncer all right Mary jeez man
choose yours really look at them and
choose the one that you think they're
inches okay do you have your choice I
picked the stomach I almost take the
cross and then I was like nah stuff
right here iam the image that we were
actually focusing on which actually me
star ah oh my god am i a psychic did you
guys get the stars leave me comments I'm
very very curious okay there's one more
want to try this is like a similar test
that involves clients here I have a
penny or a dime and a nickel now all I
want you to do is pick a point that
draws you into just one is spirit it
I got do you have yours I'll give you
another second okay I think going nah
okay so the corners for the journey into
what the time because I did right I'm
not my you guys are probably thinking of
faking this and I watched them before I
did not watch them before it can Isaac
leach
don't answer that well did you guys get
it did you get the diamond this is crazy
Wow okay all right moving on now
remember in the beginning of the video
when I said a few words to you do you
remember when I said the word sleep a
lot of you were going to say yes you
remember that I didn't say it I know you
probably think I'm lying but no I did
not say the word sleep bed tired
nighttime pillow dreams now some of you
might have got the weirdest feeling
right now when I said I didn't say sleep
because your brain is like no he did say
and that feeling that you got is a very
similar feeling to day shopping now some
of you guys might not have felt it and
might have been like no you did say
sleep some of you did
so this is the deja vu simulation test
so basically I gave you a bunch of words
that all had to do with sleeping but I
didn't say the word sleep but for some
of you your brain remembers we say
asleep because all the words had to do
with it and then when you found out I
didn't say it you were like now this
works a lot better if it's like hours
later for example you're hanging out
your friends up save for words that all
have to do with something and then ask
them the same question I asked you hours
later like at the very end of the night
that will probably look better so for
example eating so say to your friend
chew swallow food
and then later on say hey do you
remember when I said the word eating and
they'll say yeah and then you'll say
gosh good job
later you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
this video I know this was different I
wanted to try something a little more
interactive with you I mean you got to
see your aura you guys see my aura you
hopefully found out whether or not you
are psychic
and hopefully you realized even more so
that we're all just part of one big
simulation all right you guys if you
want me to do more videos like this more
like paranormal tests give me a thumbs
up so I know also make sure to subscribe
my channel right down below if the
notifications Oh going to use everyday
and if you want to see all their
paranormal creepy videos or my
simulation Theory video I'll put a link
to a playlist or the top and description
below all right you guys good luck out
there
geek glitches bye
