oh hey didn't see you bear that's a lie
I saw you I always see you that's one of
my pet peeves is when people or
youtubers make videos where they start
the video off with is this thing on
there or hey oh oh god you know this
thing was on of course that thing is on
you know that thing is on because you
turn it on you sat down you fixed your
hair you made sure your shirt look good
you did the skinny arm you found your
angle and then you went is this very
frustrating I also get frustrated by
people who laugh a lot at their own
jokes oh wait I do that too um so hey
what's up you guys
those are my pet views don't know I told
you those what are we talking about oh
that's right you tube so today I want to
make a video on here because I feel like
I haven't talked to you guys in a while
I mean I've talked to you but I'm more
done like a cup song and then I did like
let's braid my hair and then I did like
a lude I wanted something more words
just me and you having a conversation
and doing this which I feel like I'm
gently just stroking your breasts how
does that feel no mumps good good good
looking healthy so first thing I want to
talk about is my new video today I hope
you guys liked it figuratively and
literally
I wanted let me tell you what it was
basically so I made that video if you
haven't seen I'm talking about my video
called what a vagina sees which will be
very soon retitled because it's gonna
get flat for sure but I made that video
for my iPhone channel
then after I watched it back I was like
you know what I want something on my
main channel that is me talking to you
guys I don't have anything like that
I do sketches I do you know even when
I'm talking to you guys it's like a
Shane character it's like hey guys have
you ever felt like this like it's not
it's not me I mean it's me but I wrote
it so I wanted something like that I
don't do feel word you party anymore and
I don't do a mass Shane that much
anymore so I wanted something where I'm
literally reading your guys's comments
and talking to you guys and calling you
crazy and I wanted it on my main channel
because I feel like that's important I
don't want to lose connection with you
guys so first question do you like it
second question I want you to be called
because in the video I was like oh let's
call this series you guys are sick fucks
what should it really be call it because
that's offensive so leave your comment
let me know she's we call it comment
time it's terrible let's not do that
also I think it'd be fun to do different
locations like especially with that
weird camera lines like we could go to
the beach we could go to an amusement
park we could go to a trash can we can
go to a whorehouse those are all code
words for bedroom you know I'm saying
amusement park whorehouse trash anyways
so that was the first question oh wait
no I don't have any more questions that
was what I want to talk about but I also
want to talk about you two again
so a little update SD high seems to be
happening soon who knows we I think we
found somebody to do it with I think so
basically what that means is we found
somebody who's willing to put money into
it and make it a real show rather than
just like a YouTube video it's still
probably gonna go on YouTube but it's
gonna feel like a TV show so I'm very
excited about that that's like the dream
come true and that's it I think this
year is gonna be fun y'all I hope hope
you guys like fuck up
sounds good song I mean that sounds
terrible for me to be like I look good
song but I'm proud of that song it's
what am I talking about you know what
I'm so excited about I haven't talked to
him about it I'm here if you go to
iTunes and you go to the music section
like the front page I am on the front
page under new singles I'm right next to
Jonas Brothers pom poms dream come true
no it's amazing I can't believe it so
and I'm also right next to 98 degrees
yep that's it that's an interesting mix
all right you guys I love you so much
I'm gonna go check out my new meet my
new main Channel video if you haven't
and go leave some crazy comments on
there a bunch of crazy ones actually you
know what because you guys are different
from my main channel audience you guys
are kind of like my hardcore
motherfuckers whereas my main channel is
more like you know people who are like
oh yeah change buddy I'll watch it and
then moving on you guys are like my fam
my family so you go over to that video
and leave a comment and say hashtag fuck
hack hashtag well what's like it's
something that we know we only know
about hash tag mmm mirror Shane fuck you
mere Shane yeah yeah yeah hashtag fuck
you Mary Shane Mary Shane has been an
asshole lately he's been a dick and I
can't stop staring at him because he's
so disgusting
um so yeah they don't know it's you guys
I'll try to read you guys's comments
more you know I'm saying all right you
guys I love you so much
oh this is bigger stupid house
