yeah I'm sorry I'm yeah so if you fuck
up all the time let's all sing ah fuck
it
alright you guys it is officially 12
p.m. 12 a.m. I don't fucking know I'm so
excited right now the fuck up song came
out and we're celebrating the only way
we know how
shion a turnaround yeah her boobs were
so big she literally fucked up the fuck
up shirt yes did I do this yes you did
this I was trying to pair myself I don't
know why it's peeling oh I think my
breath my purse is here stretching the
brownie yes I miss my underwear you know
I'm sorry cuz it's like change but it's
like height so we're here at Chuck E
Cheese we're very excited my cousin
Lucy's here Pam Cate
they're over there Pam looks like a
five-year-old
on drugs and we're excited Jarrett's
coming and we're gonna play like we're
five and Kate's gonna steal perfect car
I here comes your big deal whoa ten
tickets s big now you could have 50
tickets if somebody woulda never
man this bitch keep me pressing buttons
I can't bam-bam-bam-bam definition and I
want did one good thing say well look
through the chuck-e-cheese dragged in
yeah
the sucker for free heated pizza I have
you heard the rumor about chucky cheese
yeah hey just for this way I can't wait
to eat what they can you finish so
basically the rumor is that chucky
cheese if you leave pizza on your plate
or on your table they take that pizza
and they give it to the next people like
they create a pizza out of other
people's pizzas so that's why we're
going to turn cheese sometimes there's
pieces that don't fit like we'll see
your pizza it's going to look like that
listen for this way one of you watching
right now I could be about to eat the
pizza that you didn't want look at the
pizza why are some of them Burton some
of them are some pieces are burnt some
aren't some have pepperonis and some
have hair huh and that's because they're
all and now here's the proof now
somebody explain to me why bad half of
the pizza is not cut up but this half is
and why that one is extra small and how
that half of pepperoni doesn't match
that half of pepperoni Jerry with
electric Sepulveda
it's gone to work because otherwise it's
peacefully gone to waste that's true
it's you know what this is like
charities you're eating some sad
families leftovers how many of you got
greedy between two forty eight wow you
can get a king crown you big ol queen
and I know you don't know you're not
ain't got like 1/3 enough that's you
know $50.00 worth and you can't even
afford a $5 blow-up crown jewel right
it's a 200 pound right there
well guys all the games are turned off
you know what that means we were here
till closing like some really lame
motherfuckers it's okay for you you're
still a kid I mean you can get
everything at Chuck E Cheese guys a
cheesy dildo that was called that's
what's gonna be after you're done with
it sounds so nasty
Shawna what did you get my game was
rigged and so I just jet Lucy for her
cotton candy perfect which is fucked up
you know I just realize we didn't do a
question or wait into a theme today how
about the theme is what are different
ways to fuck up that's a question of the
day I'm gonna say eating too much and
then throwing up what are you gonna say
I'm gonna say jacking a 13 year old
little girl for her candy getting a
cheesy dildo at a pizza place per minute
we're children
damn populate that shit ain't right and
he was walking around waving as she
sanitized it girl Purell in your pussy
girl that's gonna stain
guys look what my mom did she got a fuck
up yeah did you write that yourself Wow
say it you said the F word oh my heart
just melted all right well we're gonna
deign to this cake and then I haven't
told you this yet but we have to have a
twerking contest I don't know what that
is
all right so we're going to the source
right now this from Miley Cyrus is how
you twerk into one over Julia
is it any job dying
I just want to know what it is are you
gonna twerk it for me that means yes
she's walking over to twerk wait you
need like a really stupid onesie mom
alright so Lucy you're gonna start so to
get over there and twerk yes you can
Thomas the engine don't you watch him
you're a kid he says everybody can twerk
that's what he says right ma ma ha Oh JA
yeah
ah cricket whop it ah this is so
embarrassing for everybody involved okay
Kate your turn
okay what's she hiding now mom come do
it
Oh God see you do that right mom come on
you're already in a stupid onesie let's
do it well I mean I can do this go over
there go over there by the doorway yeah
and then she has dogs all over her
vagina yeah oh my god oh your side man
oh my god oh my God look my god you to
god this God now it's my turn
how am I gonna live up to that I did
come out in there
you
because hold the burrito in my stomach
all right guys it's hand of the night
wheat worked we ate a fuck cupcake we
went to Chuck E Cheese and embarrassed
ourselves and we're holding dogs and
this oh my god we're all we're hopeful
so many dogs all right you guys hope you
had fun hanging with us we had fun hang
with you and I really hope you liked the
new music video and I hope you like the
song and I hope you got it on iTunes and
I hope you're playing it for all your
friends and hope you're twerking to it
ooh make video responses if you twerking
to my song that'd be amazing especially
you come on just do it
all you old men all the old men want you
want it you guys I love you hey why
don't you come out of that computer and
do it then bitch
