oh no it's that time again Karl ugly
corny time she's so excited she just
tried to jump out the window and kill
herself oh my god she's barking at a
homeless person
oh my god oh my god he's looking at me
oh my god he knows I'm vlogging he's
laughing
you think he's subscribed why don't you
like my post so yes this is another car
blog because I didn't film anything
today listen I know this is getting very
old you want to see my crazy exciting
fun weird life guess what it's boring
although today was really exciting
because I was working with nigga of
course I didn't film any of it it's
always awkward vlogging around other
people I know that sounds weird
especially with like nigga Higa cuz I
don't want him to be like oh you're only
vlogging because I'm here and you want
you know me and your video and that's
not even how it is I want him inside me
I've always wanted to Nick inside me so
I didn't vlog um but it was fun he has
this web series called internet icon
it's kind of like American Idol but
looking for youtubers but anyways I am
really excited because it is only 24
more hours until my fuck up music
greater grows up and I don't know what
target across the burner probably cuz
I'm just so ready to give birth to this
video I'm so ready to shit it out I'm so
ready to open up my big legs and let it
just slide right out of mine and vagina
and then YouTube aka the doctor will
take all the blood off clean it up
slap its ass and give it to you and then
hopefully you don't give it up for
adoption and you guessed it I am sitting
in the parking lot waiting again to get
my fix so while we're waiting let's play
a game you look very excited about this
game let's play two truths and one lie
so basically how this works is I'm going
to tell you guys three things two were
true and one is a lie and you have to
guess which one I'm lying about number
one me and corny totally fuck okay
obviously that one was a lie he's not
lying I peed my pants slash peed the bed
until I was 12 I know every single song
by Avril Lavigne word-for-word ever
written ever and I have metal somewhere
inside of my head so there you go those
are my three things so you have to guess
which one's true and which two are a
weight no that's not works to true
swimming okay which one is a lie
alright you guys I'm so excited about
tomorrow I know today's vlog was kind of
boring but um hopefully you forgive me
because tomorrow is going to be my last
day ever you are obsessed with that
homeless person
stop looking at him he's a person just
like us
a person who eats cat shit
and it's last thing about it okay he's
more just like you all right you guys I
love you I will see you tomorrow oh my
god I'm so excited I really really
really really hope you guys like the
video tomorrow and I hope that you
relate to it and it's very different
from anything I've ever done and and I
hope that you get something out of it I
also hope that homeless guy stops waving
at me okay I'll wait back oh my god oh
my god oh my god he's walking over here
okay hi did you trick is called monkey
dog oh that's a big piece with that
delicious cauliflower oh you're gonna so
much boobies yeah I have to do this
she's not interested just like her mommy
just like America I'm sorry guys I
wanted to end on a trick because me and
corny did this earlier today I stood
over by by right here and then she got
really excited to see me she jumped on
my leg crawled up and went up my tire
she doesn't like vagina either she's a
asexual dog and she climbed up on me it
was amazing
now she's never gonna do it again that
noise went right through my fucking ears
never do that again
