hey what's up you guys so on one of my
recent videos why my dog hates me I
asked you guys what you did that weekend
so I'm going to read some of your guys's
comments which are probably gonna be
things like I went to the movies I hung
out with my friends your fat gay that
last one isn't really what you did that
weekend but you felt the need to tell me
that so fuck you Jonas Brother fan 69 if
that is your real name which would be
weird if it was then gut said I did a
shit how weird me and manga have like
the same schedule and then he also said
no offense but you're one of my favorite
youtubers ever I don't know why I'd be
offended by that unless your favorite
movies ever are all the Madea movies and
your favorite music ever is Ke$ha then
you must have terrible taste which is
why you like me
I'm offended Raven said I celebrated my
birthday no he's a hot just kidding
Raven I care I don't think your family
does though Suzy wants to know what
mixes corny well Suzy
let's look oh yeah she's definitely half
black and a little Asian just like her
daddy
Katy says I went thrift shopping
seriously it was sad
Katy don't be embarrassed I used to go
thrift shopping all the time
my grandma would never buy anything if
there wasn't a poop stain on it she said
every stain tells a story the pants she
got me for Christmas one year told me
the story of how the guy who used to
have the pants had explosive diarrhea so
don't be ashamed thrift shopping is fun
especially if you're in the need for
FUBU shirts Gateway computers and
ringworm I got all three Cass breast is
this guy gay and then Katy replied no he
has a girlfriend
am i gay totally well at least I don't
fuck dogs she's gagged you dammit
Caitlyn said oh my god I got food
poisoning fuckers - yeah Katie me you
and every person that's ever eaten in
Fuddruckers
ever we could start a club let's all
wear it some jeans and go eat a
Fuddruckers shit all over each other and
selling at the first door my grandmother
I am what's it to you said did Shane get
fatter fuck you I didn't get fat yeah
well he's gonna bleed on my vagina yeah
but you bleed i but cuz you're gay she's
good sandra said it looks like you're
wearing eyeliner well Sandra is your
cage you know what well Sandra I
actually have very long beautiful
eyelashes which is you know God's Way of
playing a trick on me he gave me a lot
of women Lee features including breasts
no penis beautiful eyelashes cuz you're
fat gay yeah you know you know what he
also gave me a terrible girlfriend who
is so mean yeah mini Masters said in
shame and lisas still dating no venom
said I really want to punch you in the
face well why don't you come out of that
computer and do is that bitch Wow wizard
Chris said you made my ears bleed in the
beginning of this video why don't you
stop letting your dad fuck you in the
ears Chris bitch Sierra said Shane
Dawson is so obsessed with black people
it's adorable do you think that's what
they said about Hitler like Hitler is so
obsessed with Jews it's adorable that
didn't turn out well but there's a
difference between me and Hitler like I
would never kill black people well I
would probably kill them but the reason
is because I want to kill them and then
gut them and then use their skin to wear
it and then put it on have a black
people suit so I could walk around going
been a dream of mine I just want to be
black believer girls said in all caps I
want your eyes alright then believer get
your ass over here I'll give them to you
they're fake Jaime Murphy said let's
talk about food Jamie get the fuck out
of my brain I have been thinking about
food all day um well my whole life today
I got a text message from my friend Kay
and she said guess what they're making
macaroons the size of cheeseburgers Oh
Shane find the willpower not to go and
buy a million of those in stuff your
face with them you're fat gay found it
lonely Fox said I got piss drunk missed
my bus home had to crash at my friend's
place then slept till noon the next day
it was glorious yeah
lonely Fox I don't think that's what
happened I don't think you got piss
drunk
thank you pissed your bed I don't think
you missed your bus home I think you
were just at home I don't think even
left home and I don't think you crashed
your friend's house unless that means
you let your dog lay in bed with you and
I don't think you slept till noon I
think you woke up at 9:00 a.m. to watch
the view because you never miss it am I
right lonely Fox you can't lie
motherfucker hey Jensen said is it just
me or does Shane get diarrhea every time
he eats it is not just you I actually
had diarrhea like two minutes ago and a
scariest part was it was lying green
like I went to wipe and then I looked at
it I'm like oh my god that's lime green
and then I started daydreaming about how
much I really want to get slimed to the
Kids Choice Awards and then that turned
into the whole thing of like how much it
would be cool if it me and Lucas
Cruikshank god slime together at the
Teen Choice Awards oh my god my grandma
was right poop does tell the story I
bought your crazy dead bitch and the
last one is going to be from KB man and
he says what happened to you Shane
where's your awesome videos you've
completely changed and for some reason I
just don't like you anymore
his profile picture is also this
something tells me cave a man doesn't
like anybody anymore so there you guys
go an exciting day of reading your
guys's hate-filled mean angry
prepubescent suicidal comments man oh
it's just pop me up oh I just realized
we didn't do a topic of the day okay
well yeah we did the topic of the day's
comments that was not creative at all
okay the topic of the day is being fat
and gay right it's a topic of every day
here let's change the topic to breakups
if only that was the topic of the day so
question of the day is relating to
comments how about leave the craziest
comment you can like something really
weird I don't care what it is fucking
weird and then I'll do another one of
these videos and I'll read all your
weird comments all right you guys hope
you had fun hanging with me I'm funny
with you and I will see you tomorrow and
also fuck up the music video comes out
in two and a half days are you guys
loving my pretty sure I came out of my
mom's vagina in an adult size medium
which is probably one of the reasons my
mom gets sit on a butternut squash and
be fine
