hey what's up you guys uh so I thought
it'll be fun to do something a little
bit different today so we are going to
do the childhood tag or the 90s tag or
whatever the fuck tag for you guys it
would be like the 2000s tag which is
terrifying the fact that I got my first
pube before you guys were even born is
just frightening although I did get my
first pube it like six months so I guess
I'm not that old all right let's start
what was your favorite Disney Channel
original movie my favorite movie was
probably luck of the Irish which was
about a boy who was turning into a
leprechaun and I really connected to
that movie because at that age probably
about ten I was getting really really
hairy and then I said I'm moving I'm
like oh maybe I'm a leprechaun so then
when kids at school will be making fun
of me being like you'll saw Hannah you
saw Hattie okay I don't know what exit
that was let me make it more realistic
damn man you heard his fault yes most of
my classmates were black and I'm black
on the inside I just didn't know it yet
I hadn't gone through black puberty yet
back to puberty so I was getting really
really hairy so I really related to that
movie although he was a good swimmer in
that movie and I wasn't a good swimmer
I actually have pictures to prove it so
when I knew I was doing a child to tag I
went through a box of old pictures that
my mom has called trash um and I found a
bunch of really good ones corny calm
down I know you're excited to see my
really depressing childhood but contain
yourself dog and show everybody your
asshole
just like your daddy so here's a picture
of me you know just scooping I got a
full-on outfit a shirt pants I'm
probably wearing shoes I wasn't too
comfortable with my body you're not
surprised
neither am i speaking of pools I found a
whole bunch of pool pictures and then I
remembered why I have all these so we
didn't really take many vacations when
it well we didn't take any vacations
when I was a kid my dad didn't like
vacationing and after he left we just
didn't have any money to go so one time
we went to this is really depressing we
had never been to like hotel or anything
so we found a motel which at the time we
didn't know was just full of drug
addicts and prostitutes we considered it
a nice little getaway most people
consider it a hide away from the police
anyway so we found this little motel and
we were so excited and we started taking
we took pictures of the pool I posed
next to the pool I got my leg up and
everything and my mom my mom posed next
to the lifeguard not on duty poster and
we pretty much took pictures around the
entire motel and oh god now I'm getting
sad
it's so funny I remember everything
about this because we were so excited
like we we thought this was like the
biggest thing in the world we're like
we're sleeping in somebody else's bed I
know that sounds really weird but we
were so excited about it
Wow never gonna forget this who is your
favorite music artist well oddly by my
close you can tell that I was a fan of
anything gay that's me with the glasses
no teeth and a xxx pink and brown shirt
I was really into Michael Jackson I was
also really into the sister-act album
told you black on the inside and I was
also really into just like anything on
this station called star 98.7 which is
basically like 90s rock I thought I was
really cool for listening to it like you
remember that song like a sec soon my
chair pulls alhazen like that song
basically any song where you can't
understand the words because everybody's
singing sounds like they just had a
stroke The Strokes that's how they got
their name favorite Nickelodeon show
Blue's Clues
but only because I heard a rumor that he
killed himself so every time I watch it
I'd be like wow no wonder he killed
himself it was a fun show I really liked
eating hot dogs while watching just read
him side note favorite candy whoo I
loved Ravens revenge now this is
something you guys don't know about
probably unless you're my age but Ravens
revenge came in test tubes there's
something naughty about that and they
were sour and it was just like powder
and you would kind of like just put your
tongue on the test tube and just kind of
yeah and then like get the sourness that
just this whole thing this is gonna be a
jiff that was my favorite candy and then
one time my grandma was like what is
that so we got the test tube emptied it
out and put salt and pepper in it we're
like here grandma try it we thought
she'd be like oh oh instead she was like
oh oh this would be delicious on my pot
roast no grandma
you salty bitch favorite McDonald's
Happy Meal
toy I didn't really go to McDonald's
when I was a kid I was more of a Taco
Bell kind of guy and I like to go to
talk about a lot obviously and Taco Bell
didn't really have toys but they did
have cinnamon twists and those were
fucking amazing
obviously favorite book um I didn't read
I did skim through Matilda and I just
remember being like this is boring let's
watch the movie favorite clothing store
well as you can see I had a very
distinct style I was very into colors I
was also very into feeding people and
looking really creepy about it I was
very into loud crazy hats and old man
sunglasses and I was very into green
socks and orange shoes and I know what
you're thinking you're looking at these
pictures being like holy shit Shane you
looked really really gay when you were
kid but you gotta remember these were
the 90s like I was a fucking pimp okay
that's a lie my brother was a pimp look
at that flannel but as I got older that
style wasn't really in fashion anymore
so of course I moved on to the big red
sweatshirt and then I got a haircut
that was never in style unless you're a
penis I mean the fact that me my grandma
twins is very depressing lastly what was
your favorite thing to do after school I
did get into karate for a little while
you can tell here that I don't fuck
around you can also tell that I have a
yellow belt which is basically I mean
they give you that just for coming but
hey I learned how to kick some ass I
definitely use that skill in middle
school
Dennis say kick some ass no I meant I
learned how to get my ass kicked that's
what I learned and that's about it let
me see is there any other pictures that
I haven't completely embarrassed myself
with well there's this one I'll block
her face this was one of my best friends
um and then that was me and those are my
breasts for those of you who didn't
believe that I had breasts guess what I
did and they're bigger than yours bitch
so that was my nineties childhood sad
depressing dog screaming tag so question
of the day is let's just take one of
these what was your favorite old school
candy was it dumb dumbs was the sour
belt is it something that's still around
today as you guys Opie had fun hanging
with me I had fun hang with you and I
will see you tomorrow okay I was gonna
dance to this song
and I've never heard before this sucks
