yeah to try to can so me I'm depressed
you know people say all the time I miss
the old chain I miss the old chain you
know that Miss I miss Fruitopia I miss
go-gurt
I miss Butterfinger babies how these
things are gone y'all they're gone you
know Taco Bell used to make a burger I
think you didn't cuz that she's gone it
was called the Bell beaver which also
sounds like something I would call Drake
Bell's penis I had to play the french
fries yesterday all I wanted to do was
squeeze some purple ketchup on it but
guess what I can't because purple and
green and blue and mystery color ketchup
is gone did you know that Wendy's used
to have an all-you-can-eat mexican bar I
don't miss that you know what I do miss
I miss that bubble gum that looked like
band-aids I could really use one right
now cuz it's bitches tearing up my
fingers hey guys my whole point is I I
miss a lot of things in the past and I
have been laying here depressed thinking
about it I know that sounds really
stupid but I have because life is so
fucking short and like I know I'm
talking about Taco Bell and bubble gum
and I have a really long pube in my
mouth which has nothing to do with that
but there's - okay but I really really
miss a lot of that shit and I think I
missed my childhood and I looked on the
internet there's like a lot of message
boards like people are like bring back a
bell beefer nobody wants to bail be for
back that's like saying bring back the
Hamburglar know that mother fuck was
creepy I think people just miss a time
in their life and they want to go back
to it I remember when I was a kid
I would look at all the other kids in
school and I'd be like oh my god
they all have Lunchables and Fruitopia
and go-gurt and I didn't have any of
that because I couldn't afford that
stuff so I had like canned refried beans
and a 99-cent store version of a squeeze
it which was more like a puppet and they
were always mystery color because they
just had gone bad and the 99-cent store
was like
think this is supposed to be great
strawberry but this sheet is brown you
know what just call it a mystery kids
will have fun but there I did have fun
with that all night on the toilet house
remember the TV shows from back then I
know it's weird as I talk about this
stuff on Twitter but like nobody knows
what I'm talking about cuz all you guys
crazily most of you guys weren't even
born I used to watch like Clarissa
explains at all legends of the Hidden
Temple and I used to miss those so much
and then I actually went back last night
and I looked at some of those episodes
and they're fucking terrible so that's
even more convincing to me that it's not
the things I'm missing it's the time
period that I'm missing like I really
wish I could go back and relive my
childhood because I was so depressed and
I think if I had a different outlook on
life maybe I'd have fun with it
so the question of the day is what is
one thing from your childhood that you
miss and I know a lot of you guys might
be in in your childhood right now
so what's one thing from your baby that
you miss in the l√∂we piece of advice if
you are in your childhood right now have
fun have fun even if your home life is
sucks like have fun even if everything
around you is terrible and your parents
are terrible and you're abused and you
have a horrible haircut
have fun because when you get to be my
age you're going to look back and be
like you know what I wish I would have
had a little more fun with that because
there's always fun to be had even in
terrible situations anyways I'm gonna go
I'm sorry I didn't vlog today I was
working all day and just I wasn't
thinking about it I'm sorry I'm trying
to get better at vlogging I took like a
little time off and then now I can't get
back into it but I'm gonna try I love
you guys hope you had fun hang with me I
had fun hanging with you and I will see
you tomorrow and I already missed you
but I don't really miss you I just
missed that time period you know I mean
that doesn't make any sense I missed you
she had a lot of Febreze in that
bathroom thank God because I blew that
shit up
