hey what's up you guys I'm doing a walk
that I'd read more than anything in my
whole life the walk to get my hair cut
sometimes I hope that a bus hits me so I
don't make it but then I remember how
much of a lesbian I look like and how I
just went to the store to get water and
the lady said see you later ma'am I
think I need this I don't want to get it
too much shorter but I need it short
enough to where I can't put it in
pigtails is that what I should tell the
salon lady that's a good first
impression right and here's the haircut
reveal oh yeah yeah yeah no longer a
lipstick lesbian now I'm a butch one so
the hair come went great I actually knew
the stylist it was a girl named Megan
you probably know her - she played the
mermaid in my cassius poof she was
amazing she had a cute dog she had a lot
of Febreze in that bathroom thank God
because I blew that shit up and she took
like five minutes I want to marry that
mermaid bitch so now I'm here at Macy's
and I'm doing what I also hate doing
clothes shopping I have to find a pair
of pants that matched this
well this suit that I have on the ground
obviously I'm not going to take care my
clothes me and Lise have a wedding to go
to this weekend so I have to get all you
know I'll end up it needs to be
something that hides my love handles and
something I can really dance in oh my
god I am Ellen oh and then everybody had
fun today
I know January show I here is the suit
um I don't love it as much as I did when
I was in the store I feel like it makes
me look like I have huge coke-bottle
legs cuz like I don't think my legs are
like that but then the jacket makes it
look like that so now I might take it
back I don't know what to do unless I
just want to embrace my Kelly Clarkson
looking legs so now I'm going to go to
the gym come back home and write a video
and play with my dog just eat your pussy
hey wait I'm Ellen that's my job okay we
can both do it
abdomen okay guys we're at a restaurant
right yeah
I want to be fat again I want to be fat
right now you want in on this done we're
getting gas and because of that burger I
have gas and so do you know I don't
actually have gas for the first time in
your whole life here farty I mean just
in general like you're just a farty
person no I'm not he is a liar you're a
liar person anyways it is the end of the
night I'm tired if we're gonna go to bed
question of the day what is your
favorite burger topic I can't stop
thinking about the burger mine is any
kind of mayonnaise II sauce what's yours
um I don't need burgers but if it if I
did it would be like any grilled onions
party um just kidding
well you're not farty yours you're here
what's the opposite of party pretty
creative are you guys okay - hang with
us weird funding with you when I'll see
you tomorrow miles can be very exciting
guys get ready so here's my analysis of
that video um I just watched a five year
old girl almost kill herself I don't
know how to feel about this I did laugh
a lot
