how come corny never wanted to do it
with me we'd be so good together corny
we'd be like j.lo and ja rule we'd be
like Taylor Swift and nobody we'd make
beautiful music corny don't deny it
you just want to make a beautiful poop
on the seat don't you don't do it
although then I could poop and we'd be
pooping together and technically that's
a duet that's a poopit
oh god okay no really don't do it don't
do it hey what's up you guys yes I am in
my car right now huh
there's people there's people there's
people that means I gotta be louder - so
we are here um waiting in the parking
lot of a restaurant because I'm picking
up my dinner today has been not
interesting I mean it's very interesting
to me but not interesting to you not
interesting enough to film which is
pretty much like every other day but I
still do it so today I was filming
something all day for something I'm
excited about as you guys already know
I'm pitching a talk-show so today I was
filming the pitch video there's two gay
guys waving at me right now or they're
waving at corny or they're waving at
both of us for summer that was corny
agreeing um she's always down you freak
anyways uh what a pitch video is is
basically me sitting in front of a
camera being like hey this is what the
show is you should buy it it's hilarious
you're gonna love it it's all a lie the
show's gonna be terrible it's not gonna
be hilarious it's gonna be awkward
it's gonna be me sitting staring at a
celebrity going do you like food I like
food let's talk about food want to talk
about food what can I say I'm obsessed
with what people eat I'll watch the
whole two hours show yesterday called
deep-fried paradise naked so I film that
all day and now I have to go home and
edit it all night so I thought it'd be
fun to just film me and corny in the car
waiting for food this is not fun is it
corny let's play a car game okay uh
punch buggy it's no fun when you like it
catfish ankle you told me you were 28
year old supermodel I'm so glad you lied
oh I love you corny we have five more
minutes until the food is ready what do
you wanna talk about I want to talk
about how much I hate you corny I said
five minutes not 10 hours whoo I know we
can talk about um last night I'll tell
you what I did last night I went out and
saw I'm gonna be with my mom and my
friend cave late at night and I was just
in the mood to hang out with 250 crazy
loud black people but I wasn't in the
mood to Bowl so we decided to go to the
movies and see the call this was a movie
starring a poodle that was sitting on
top of Halle Berry's head and also the
little girl from Little Miss Sunshine
who grew some turner's it was so awkward
to see that good thing that theater was
dark you know what I'm saying and the
movie was about a girl who got shoved in
a trunk and then she was calling 9-1-1
and then Halle Berry was like what you
want and then she's like I'm in a trunk
and then how it goes ooh girl that ain't
good and then the little girl goes oh
what do I do what I do and then Ali goes
girl let me ask my poodle yes she don't
know either it was two hours of
amazingness and by the end of it I
really wanted to become a strong black
woman I liked it I don't really like
many movies but I liked it it was a lot
of fighting a lot of Halle Berry crying
it was filmed in the mall right next to
my house so now every time I go to that
mall I think of rape and child abduction
like I didn't before read I thought the
ending was kind of lame I liked it up
until like the last two minutes the last
two minutes kind of felt like a I don't
want to give it away but it kind of
turned into a whole different movie but
I thought it was fun and then after that
went to dinner and I got chicken and
then I got diarrhea the worst part of it
is even after I get massive diarrhea
from contaminated food at a restaurant
they still tip very nicely when in
reality I surprised just take that
receipt and whites and diarrhea and slap
it on the table but then it's gonna be
awkward and the next time I go back in
there because you know I'm gonna go back
in there cause Gras love diarrhea I'm
about three food poisonings away from my
goal wit brownie point if you know what
movie that's from and then we went home
and my mom showed me all the candy she
bought earlier and I said hey mom
remember that time I told you I was on a
crazy diet where I can't eat anything
and then she's like yeah peep that's
sweet tooth bitch and now I'm here
sitting in a car and my food is ready
and corny is ready to kill herself
corny guess what you're not getting food
you're getting nothing except another do
wax screams engine and let my dog out
and scream all right you guys sorry for
this boring car vlog today I promise
tomorrow will be more exciting
I might not be but you know I come back
anyways question of the day um what did
you do this last weekend did you see any
movies did you go out to dinner did you
get food poisoning alright see guys hope
you have fun hanging with me I had fun
hanging with you oh and before I go um
this kind of feels like a product
placement video so I just want to say no
I did not get paid by the poodle on
Hallie bear's head to talk about that
movie I also did not get paid from the
restaurant I was talking about they gave
me food poisoning which by the way was
Fuddruckers you should stay away I call
it but fuckers because that's what they
should did I don't you guys love you
fight if you don't know what the dub
dance is it's that dance that for some
reason girls think it's sexy where they
look like their dogs trying to take a
shit
