hey what's up you guys okay I'm very
excited because Katy Perry just came out
with a new song what that's not gonna
Perry but it sounds like crap that's
Taylor Swift girl what happened okay I'm
lying I haven't actually heard the song
yet but I did see two seconds of the
music video on mute right and I saw a
bunch of underage girls wearing big
floppy hats and heart sunglasses doing
the dump dance if you don't know what
the dump dance is it's that dance that
for some reason girls think it's sexy
where they look like their dogs trying
to take a shit oh yeah is that sexy oh
that is not sexy I mean it kind of is
when I do it that's cuz I really have to
take it down I can't wait as I was
saying I have not heard the song yet so
I decided it would be fun if I looked at
the lyrics and just trying to figure out
what this song was really about I've
seen people like glozell what the bug a
lot of their youtubers doing this and I
was like you know what I'm gonna steal
that idea just like Taylor Swift has
stolen everything from Avril Lavigne's
life Oh Taylor don't even think I didn't
see nobody's home that's right bitch I
know my Apple trivia which is said I
need to learn more things all right
let's get right into this it feels like
a perfect night to dress up like
hipsters I think what she means by that
is she's gonna go out and find a hipster
guy and then murder him and take his
skin off and weary Oh mister okay so my
Taylor impression has kind of turned
into my Miley impression but you know
what Taylor's turning into Miley so fuck
it it's also the perfect night for
breakfast at midnight yeah I'm sure you
get really hungry just squatting in the
bushes for 12 hours outside of
somebody's house at night you need a
little pick-me-up
think smart Taylor bring a protein bar
when you're stalking that way when he
sees you with those binoculars and the
bushes and calls the cops you can run
away real fast to fall in love with
strangers uh yeah this song is not
helping the crazy rumors Taylor we're
happy free confused and lonely at the
same time that about sums it up it's
miserable and magical oh yeah okay I
don't know about you but I'm feeling 22
what does that mean
22 does it feel any different than
or 23 or 50 shouldn't be 21 I mean 21 is
when you get a certain drinking maybe
she's drunk or maybe 22 is the age you
have to be to rent a car that way she
could rent a car take the license plate
off nobody knows it's her and then
shovel Eric's boyfriends in the drug and
drive off a cliff or maybe 22 is the
year that you accept Satan into your
heart either way whatever age it is
makes you want to do the dog dance
everything will be alright if you keep
me next to you that's a threat like I
picture her like holding a screwdriver
to his fucking head everything will be
alright if you keep me next to you if
you don't keep me next to you I'm gonna
screw this in your fucking brain to me
it sounds like she's saying that while
she has scissors by his balls everything
will be fine if you keep me next to you
huh
you don't know about me but I bet you
want to know everything will be alright
if we just keep dancing like we're 22
she's dancing and holding scissors to
his balls she's a talented bitch it
seems like one of those nights this
place is too crowded too many cool kids
that why don't you get rid of them
Taylor nobody's gonna miss him anyways
it seems like one of those nights we
ditch the whole scene and end up
dreaming instead of sleeping
translation let's get out of here I have
chloroform feels like one of those
nights we won't be sleeping no but he
will you'll just be watching huh was
that a snore laugh either way never
leave me you look like bad news I got a
have you and then she just says 22 22 22
22 yeah yeah yeah uh uh whoa whoa whoa
and other things I Ryan would poo
all in all I'm going to give this song
10 out of 10 chopped off fingers for
creepiness and eight out of ten busted
ear lobes for terribleness okay that's a
lie I actually listened to the song
first let's play a clip
I'm gonna give this song a 10 out of 10
I'm busted ear lobes for terribleness
yep it's terrible so question of the day
what song do you want me to look at the
lyrics and review next leave me some
comments down the Grouch um and before I
go I just want to say I'm just kidding
all of this is a joke Taylor listen
here's the deal
I love making fun of Taylor she's toast
the new Miley but I'm sure she's a good
person her music is fine she's a great
writer
well she's a writer and she's very
successful and good for her this is all
good fun so have fun Taylor bean cray
and I'm actually curious to see what she
does in her next album because now this
is very pop so it's like what's she
gonna do next
dubstep tonight I'm watching uuuu yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
oh yeah she's gonna be the queen of
dubstep aren't you guys hope you have
fun hang with me I'd fun hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow also uh sure
fuck up this is a shirt I'm wearing in
my new music video coming in a couple
weeks and I'm excited uh do you guys
think these are cool if you do I might
sell them but I have to know or else cuz
any time to make them if you don't think
are cool tell me and I won't sell them
I'll just wear this one even though I
don't really need a shirt to tell people
that I am a fuckup they can just have
eyes I love you guys I'm gonna go dance
like I'm 20 yeah I could use some of
Taylor's attitude hi hello you grow
you're dumb you don't back down
