hey what's up you guys so as you guys
know the last couple days we've been
filming the music video and I'm fucking
tired so instead of vlogging and doing
crazy shit for you guys to laugh at
today I decided to laugh at you guys
while you do crazy shit so I tweeted hey
guys what video should I watch a viral
video and you guys all told me to watch
the girl who burnt off her hair
I mean spoiler alert we know how this is
going to go it's gonna be bald so let's
watch this together if you haven't seen
this video well neither bye
so cherry pop here we go okay
first of all bitch that's how I start my
videos started with something else and
second of all this is two minutes so I
will be skimming all right let's start
skimming if we see a fireball will stop
nope just curly okay alright alright I
think this is probably where it happens
let me guess oh god oh god girl that's
too long
oh girl oh oh you know bitch you don't
know ahhh
bitch you got Shakira sideburns now oh
my god um she is uh yeah you don't you
dumb oh you dumb girl now listen I'm
being mean on the inside I feel bad for
her that's a lie no I don't although I
have had a similar experience to this um
first of all that was not that shocking
I was expecting a fireball I was
expecting a girl crying in pain I was
expecting a tampon to be even so that
viral video not very good to me um
second of all I've actually experienced
something similar to this so to the girl
who
made an ass out of herself in front of
everybody what's her name
let's see she's calling me hello you
grow your dumb you don't back down just
kidding um that was actually Lisa
calling me and I just declined anyways
um no I've actually had a similar
experience to this so my heart goes out
to you poor girl who burned her hair off
I was getting ready for work one day and
as you can tell my hair is not the well
it's not the cleanest it's definitely
the greasiest
and I was straightening my hair and I
felt like a pocket right here that was
really really wet and I was like oh
maybe it's maybe a shower no no I didn't
shower oh it's probably sweat
well technically sweat isn't water so I
can straighten it right uh-huh
and then I went for and literally was
like biggest puff of smoke burnt my
scalp a big chunk of my hair started to
fall out not all of it but a big chunk
of it I looked in the mirror and I had
like red fucking crazy gash scar I
probably still have a scar here um and I
literally had to have a nice pat on the
head all day at work which was very
embarrassing especially considering I
worked at Jenny Craig which is just as
embarrassing as having an ice pack on my
face so that was terrible um so question
of the day uh how dumb is that bitch
right now I feel bad for her what's her
name Tori Tori you're not done I mean
you look done although you know here's
the thing I don't understand about these
videos like these people film themselves
doing something really stupid and then
they upload it but then like I'm in the
bottom it's like look like go you can't
really read it go on Twitter and tweet
this video to One Direction what do you
want them to think girl like you're a
make-a-wish kid like your hair just fell
off like you have some weird disease or
something and you want to meet that like
I don't really understand like what is
Harry Styles gonna do he's gonna be like
good
okay let's watch Oh Oh poor girl she put
her hair up bring around foot no he's
gonna be like you John bitch what do you
want girl question of the day what viral
video should i watch next because here's
the thing guys I don't watch viral
videos I don't I mean I I know about
them a little bit I don't really watch
them I know Daily Grace does reaction
videos which are amazing and I know a
lot of Shawna has done reaction videos
I've never really done any because I
don't keep up with it so let me know
what should I be watching um that's it I
love you guys I'm sorry did it was kind
of boring I swear better daily vlogs
coming soon and I love you and I will
see you
tarah bye clap da booty clap that booty
clap that booty booty clap that booty
