guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Steph's and yadi and Iceland Paul
it was amazing we talked about sleep
paralysis nightmares
Degrassi weird we talked about a lot of
stuff we talked about getting drunk
which we're currently doing she's my
favorite youtuber we talked about
Degrassi my favorite TV show and we
talked about drew my favorite human and
check it out some clever console shading
friends be happy guys yes I know what
you're thinking Shane you have more
summer hacks like how could you have
more the last ones you did we're so
fucking revolutionary so I have some
more hacks today some I found online but
most I created when I was a poor kid
growing up with no air conditioning and
this first one is a fucking game changer
I haven't done this in a while so I'm
hoping it still works but basically you
take a fan you know the one that you
keep next to your bed because you're a
fucking woolly mammoth and you have to
have like seven fans on your fat face at
all times yeah that can't been you take
what we all had in our freezer when we
were kids a gallon of ice cream a full
gallon of ice cream with the handle that
way you feel less fat when you walk
around with it cuz you could just
pretend like it's a purse what's in my
bag um a lot of emotional eating
material okay so here's what we're gonna
do basically you set up the ice cream
behind the fan that was loud did you
hear that so then you just have the fan
in frontof now fans suck up air from the
back just like some people can suck up
air through their butts and then push it
back out bitch that's a talent I can't
do that but I can't suck up some
Chipotle down my throat and that will
push it out the back okay so here we go
let's just put her back here on Oh oh my
god not only is it like cold air of a
bitch it smells like a Baskin Robbins no
bitch that's cold stones I would say
that's Yogurtland but too many of her
flavors are tart and I don't fuck with
that all right I'm gonna see if this
actually does work by pointing it away
yeah yeah of course
now it's just hot air and this oh it's
closed and then you could just sit here
crack this shit open just start eating
it while you frame yourself off this is
actually a really good idea so you
should do this if you do not have air
conditioning your fucking welcome I was
gonna leave that off oh oh that feels
sorry I'm David I know you've already
heard me complain about it but my house
is so damn hot ball turn her off because
I know she's annoying but uh she can
stay I'm sorry I just gotta open this up
I have not had this kind of ice cream in
a week oh my god the original galaxy
bitch oh just a second it was dripping
now this next one isn't really a summer
hack but involves a pool floaties so I
feel like that's close enough
this is more of a homeless hack ooh
sorry I just realized that's an entire
video I know we are going to take a
pizza Bologna and we're gonna put it in
the back of our car and use it as a
fucking mattress now I'm just gonna keep
it real I always give money to homeless
people when I walk by but everybody saw
a homeless person on top of a pizza
floaty bitch not only is he hitting my
money he's giving my company he's met
his new best friend uh he would hate me
okay oh there's only one candy wrapper
that's good so basically I'm going to
put this Pizza floaty into my car and
make it a bed box all right here we go
I'm gonna shove it in like this so that
my head can be here that actually might
be comfortable already nothing better
than relaxing in a 200-degree club on a
big floaty this is actually this is like
a good date idea right
well could you sleep in there though
like if you are homeless well if you
didn't have a home but you got a car I
could fuck in here I could fuck in here
and it would be like airbags everywhere
you know for safety I fuck hard boy
fucker yeah
no this is great I love it like you
can't slip over a little ah are you good
like lay on your back like that but
that's like a good picture
you're like an Instagram model right now
am i if I was in a team magazine like
this would be the cover Oh
oh my god do you want a piece of Shane I
will cook in my car okay so speaking of
Pizza our next hack is genius
no I saw a bunch of goo bitches making
like ice chests out of floaties and like
it was like a floating ice chest in
their pool and they were like getting
their Lacroix waters and their fucking
sugar-free Gatorade bitch nobody cares
how about you make my pizza flow so
basically I got this large pizza oh
sorry I just forgot I was filming a
video um she's everything so what we're
gonna do is create Oh actually just a
second
oh yes Oh bath and Bodyworks just died
okay so we are going to take these bull
floaties cut them up and then shove them
on the sides of the pizza box and then
it's gonna flow in the water I know what
you're thinking Shane you're a genius a
vision I know let's cut this one here
and then you're gonna cut down the
center kind of like you're gutting
somebody's stomach oh they're dead
okay so now you're going to open it like
that ooh that is satisfying and then we
were just once you actually don't know
what we're gonna do we're just gonna
tape it so I'm just gonna cut three more
pieces like that
okay this is why I'm not invited to pool
parties everybody runs okay so I'm just
gonna take these and taped into the box
and then bitch we're gonna go outside
okay here is my contraption hopefully
it'll float and then we can just open it
up and a bitch how proud are you that's
crazy
all right here we go oh my god
pool party starts now
yeah okay I'm gonna get in eat this
don't worry Pizza I'm coming let me just
get a little peace you know what this is
good cuz it's like a workout because I'm
like doggy paddling right now so I'm
like burning calories I'm tired
this is actually not a good idea because
not only is this proving hot out of
shape I am I'm also wearing a shirt in
the water because I feel fat
so like eating pizza while I'm doing
that it's getting really depressing
also I need ranch okay I have a floaty
so this is easier now everything if you
fucking put this in the kitchen put some
branch in it and then I can have a
portable Ranch machine something about
this is really different since I think
if you did it with friends and be fine
hey guys wanna join well yo Pete the
party's over party okay this next one
I'm really excited about I don't know if
it's done yet but this is like a poor
person's popsicle like when I was a poor
kid I would just drink ranchmen bottle
but I guess during the summertime we
shouldn't step up our game so I've got
popsicle makers and then I put ain't
gummy bears and sprite and I'm hoping
that it worked okay I just looked and
they are not ready at all so I'm gonna
give you guys an update later okay this
next one I'm really excited about
because have you ever been having a pool
party
no I don't really do that but if I was
to have a pool party it would be
annoying having to like be wet in the
pool and have to go in the kitchen to
get some alcohol like that's too much so
I thought of the idea what if we take
some pool floaties stick them up a
fucking window tape a bunch together so
it's long and then pour our fireball
down it bitch pool floaties shots okay I
have the window open now I'm just once
you click these two fun noodles that
I've taped together right down there
then I'm gonna
or me a drink all right you ready to
party oh yeah looks like a bad porn but
with the storyline my favorite hmm I
love when he looks in the dick okay so
I'm gonna lay down there you're gonna
got the fireball and just start pouring
okay oh my god when my dick falls out of
my pants just kidding I wish um okay
that does not reach the pool so I think
I'm just gonna like set up a cute little
beach moment right here where you know
the dog shits perfect yay
okay here we go oh my god
all right okay I'm scared why I'm scared
whoo this has given me a lot of
flashbacks I said a shot oh I need more
than that
I mean I'm drunk all right I think it's
not for you to try it
why don't worry I'll give you something
low-calorie what do you want I mean oh I
don't have to drink good lot wait wait
protection also you can eat it out and
it tastes like tequila Oh what are we
doing there's still some left over from
when you did too much that's too milk I
feel like that's a really gross surprise
all right let's get drunk
you know he poured my almond milk on me
fuck
that is so fucking gross when we turn
into a prank channel alright this next
one is um another lazy person hack so if
you're in the pool and you don't want to
get out and get something to drink and
the pool floaties don't reach your mouth
but what if you turned your dog into a
portable cup holder I know what you're
thinking Shane is that abuse I don't
know okay so we have the floaties with
the soda in it we tied it around him and
I'm gonna get the pool and he's gonna
bring me my soda okay ready hey hey
sooner that was way easier than going
inside now can you go give me some ranch
thanks okay this is the last thing and
I'm gonna film this later tonight
because it's still bright outside but I
saw a picture where somebody put a bunch
of glow sticks in their pool at night
and it was bitch but I call fake I feel
like it's not gonna happen but I still
bought like five bajillion glow sticks
bitch cuz I have hope alright let's go
make this pool party lit I will go drown
myself okay so I have all these glow
sticks here I don't really remember how
to do it you just do just crack it does
that do anything oh wait wait I see it
just 500 more together just like crack a
hole shit oh fuck yeah pretend it's my
dick break it off oh my god the bag is
near okay I think I'm gonna put it in my
jacuzzi because you're like that'll be
the most lit okay
ready oh my god oh that's amazing okay
here we go one two three I mean I mean
if we were in it it'd be awesome I mean
it kind of just looks like a Jacuzzi
with mental it's kind of cool if you
were having a party that would be
everything that's gonna be so annoying
to clean up
fuck it's very cool I don't even know no
no it's cool I like this you know what
no I love this okay actually that's kind
of everything Wow
okay never mind I love it this is
everything I'm an artist
well let my guys go hopefully you
enjoyed my continuation of my summer
hacks videos if you want more email it
up so I know also make sure to subscribe
to my channel right now below and hit
the notification bella fizz bitch I make
new videos every day and if you want to
see my last summer hack video or any of
my other hack videos I've done like a
thousand I'll put a link to a playlist
right on top in description are actually
a little sweaty fuck so we'll see you
tomorrow update these are fucking
bullshit that's my popsicle happy summer
