why are we up at 7:00 in the morning why
are we up at 7:00 anointing why cuz
they're making a video and she's so
excited about it
thrilled yes it's early corney's awake
she's very excited we're filming my
original song fuck up we're filming the
music video today I'm very excited it's
gonna be very interesting because we're
trying to film it all in one take which
basically means that there's no editing
and it's just like we do the whole music
video in one camera shot which is either
gonna be really really awesome or
terrible and boring so I'm excited what
I know isn't that great you know what
else is awesome
butt cracks crack kills ha ha ha ha go
throw away that piss we're excited we
hope you guys we are here at the music
video shoot look at all these people
look at all this makeup look at all this
lesbian wig Hey
you look like a real awesome lesbian
neck tattoo hmm and I brought Shawna the
gift so she wanted to try one of my
juices did you guys yeah you did you
look wait I don't want to edge Lee girl
girl look at this look at how big this
chin looks that's that's cuz there's
weight missing can I try this taste
I left you some now this one is called
the green meanie I called it getting
raped in the mouth by Shrek that's a new
day Shrek is you oh it does not smell
good to taste x-ray room I'm like yeah
yeah it smells like poo my trusty nut oh
I do not want in shit say it they want
everybody at home it's like try it try
it try it
and it's burning it's right it's ginger
burning oh it burns the fat off your
body yeah it's that bad track no it's
not is disgust chugging no it's fucking
gross yes this is not a product you
later do it she's gonna love it lesbians
are tough what let's go scissor so this
is the support group for all the
fuck-ups for this music video what did
you do wrong you ate the ground
how much of it much
oh wow that's a lot what did you do
besides wear a dress oh yeah I'm gonna
have it a skirt I wanted to be a boy
scout but turns out I was very
depressing but I get it what about you
well I walked in to sign up tomato
sprout that they thought I was a boy so
that's kind of depressing this you know
thought I was a boy that's my life story
basically we got Shawn over here laying
down on her tips he says we're
comfortable by it
wait why my bad okay I just want to show
a live news whippin out we are filming
everything mother Mary we are filming
everything and it's going really well
guys I'm excited clap that booty clap
that booty clap that booty booty clap
devoted we're done free free of my lust
buddy
real at work tomorrow okay we just
finished a music video it was so fun I
think it's actually gonna be awesome I
need you to be one of the better ones
because it's it's very different guys I
think it's gonna be awesome I'm very
excited about it shames only like really
sweaty like in the really N so it's fine
I'm only really sweaty yeah but what
else am I oh really skimming skimming
really like so like so skinny that like
it looks like I'm gonna pass out
I don't like shake like I was like Shane
where are you and I was like oh my god
you're heading on that pole
and guess what else you guys this is so
exciting so sandy over here she it was
in my ghetto prompt from hell video on
your back
yes what kind of dress did you make well
I made a bologna dress and I wore a tutu
outfit go to war hat if people on the
streets after that be like oh you make
me a bologna dress yes I do and I get a
lot of messages on YouTube like you want
Couture things and with their own pieces
so it's been really busy cuz of you oh
my god you think on the whole foods will
you be going to Vaughn's keeping in all
the food I'm on a budget you know that
you know is I have um markup in fashion
so I go dollar store get a little dollar
store baloney she live it yes we need to
make us one I want a big dollar store
corset how's that made out of string
cheese
string cheese and I'll lace it with some
like cottage cheese come on outfit
tournament amazing question of the day
you guys what kind of food do you want
made into a shirt turning a fan why are
you talking about food turning the
camera to me cuz I'm a thicken that no
no what does that mean fickle sounds
like some down there and I only want to
go to this thick them see I used to well
guys this is just a small example of
what happened today
whoa it's gonna be a good video guys
victims victims hard you guys we just
filmed the video we're done and I just
ate the first piece of food I've had in
a week after that fucking juice cleanse
how do you feel about it
I feel like you didn't really go super
high I feel like I'm gonna throw up
slashed have diarrhea in like 5 4 3 2
bar ah just kidding I did die read my
pants but you didn't hear that or see
that so what are you gonna do tonight
good to know all right you guys I'll be
have fun hanging out those we have been
hanging with you and I'll see you
tomorrow and also catch a music video
this Saturday it's gonna be fucking
awesome
we got the fuck up music video coming
you guys I'm bringing you gold I'm also
bringing your crap like this
but hey crap and gold tastes delicious
listen anything's better than the juice
diet see you later bye oh my god fucking
huh
