oh my god that Kim Kardashian oh my god
oh my god oh my god wait yes yeah very
oh my god is that Kourtney Kardashian
I'm going to the mall later today Anna
if you want to watch Mason because I
don't have anyone to watch him chocolate
can watch him I just know my therapist
said I shouldn't text Scott should write
a letter to him when I want when I'm mad
but don't send it cut you cube
accidentally sent the one that she
doesn't smoke dude oh my god I said
don't do that why did you do that when I
said not to my mom is eating this up
my mom watches all that crap mom you be
Chris oh my gosh I need a whip and I
need a chain my job is Kim you're like
I'm a sex tape is exeat me all right you
guys talk about commercial just came by
the way i'm kris kardashian I'm sorry
wait wait go back ready ready yeah don't
you guys want to buy tacos now yeah
there's one I can walk up right now oh
well guys
although what you can stare at it right
now
no okay uh how's the commercials out you
guys is cool I think it's gonna be on TV
soon so freeze your TV and then vomit I
might see like so normal
yeah it's like usual toast so like
nothing change well the advertising
works oh gosh no no screaming what I
went like right to talk about Teresa
baby yes this this video is not
sponsored I talk about my mom really
wanted to watch us eat it
are you gonna think about it you don't
have to I mean I think she does oh okay
are you ready Julie salut
let's do Shane oh wow oh that's like me
I got it from her oh you guys are
fucking bad
oh you not even joking his was a
disaster you're just not perfect it's so
dark in here maybe it is a ghost right
behind me nope just a little bitch hey
what's up you guys okay first of all
kris kardashian makeup i know it's there
it won't come off it's just like Chris
such a leech anyways I wanted to bring
up something kind of crazy so you guys
know if you've been watching my videos
for a while that my house was haunted
mainly by my grandma who's gone and I
don't think it's a bad thing I think
she's just watching and then I didn't
really feel anything in this apartment I
was like oh we're good we're scot-free
there's nobody watching me sleep and do
other things and then the other night
mainly so were like hanging out and
literally this bedrooms dorwan what and
slammed harder than I've ever seen a
door slam it was like precious like
Monique was behind that door the frying
pan ready to hit me in the head it was
that intense corny freaked the fuck out
now Kourtney's running up and down the
halls every night barking at nothing I
mean
there's something here I don't think
it's my grandma because why would she
slam the door so that's a little update
hopefully um it whatever it is leaves
here that whatever you are are you gonna
leave okay I did that right now I look
almost as scary as it ghosts so it makes
sense they've all missed you Joffrey
just kidding nobody's missed you corny
so much better
I'm kidding that's terrible I still love
you Joffrey oh god you're so terrible to
touch the corn Ian come here I want to
pet something soft
all right guys I'm sorry nothing
interesting happened today well I mean I
guess I was a woman
my mom made a taco and we had a fake Kim
Kardashian in our house today was an
interesting day but I need to go to bed
because I need to wake up pretty early
we are starting pre-production on the
fuckup music video I know what you guys
are saying like what the fuck you guys
have been working on this video forever
well it's going to be a heart it's a
heart video to put together because
basically I don't know if I've told you
guys yet but the concept is it's going
to be one shot so it takes place kind of
it like a oh I don't want to give too
much away but the whole thing is
following me through this one shot and
it's very very hard to put together so
we're going to do that that video the
fuck up video is going to come out March
30th and the song is going to come out
March 30th I'm excited and just to lay
out a little a couple things before I go
obviously you guys saw the Kardashian
video on my main channel on Saturday
this Saturday is the Ke$ha spoof the
Saturday after that is the behind the
scenes at the Ke$ha spoof which is
really fucking funny and the week after
that is fuck up so that's what's going
on hope you guys are enjoying all the
videos I feel really proud of all these
main channel videos I've been putting up
so I hope you guys are liking them in
question of the day what are your
thoughts on the Kardashians be honest I
know I said I wasn't gonna make fun of
celebrities anymore and that's true
but to me the Kardashians are just the
worst so I don't feel bad at all
I think they but they do to themselves
they sell themselves out so fucking hard
by I mean they're asking for it what do
you guys think do you guys like them do
you watch the show I feel bad for the
brother I don't know his name but the
young brother that gained weight and
stuff and every was talking about it I
feel bad for him because I feel like he
isn't that much into the fame and he is
just like kind of depressed you need to
over it I feel really bad for him and I
hope that he figures out how to get away
from them all right you guys I'm gonna
go I love you hope you have fun hanging
with us we have fun hang with you me and
the ghost that is and we will see you
tomorrow bye you know what I just
realized
I have gone two days without talking
about my boob
