we keep I just want to start my vlogs
off more gangster and it just doesn't
work although I don't know how gang
striking it with this haircut probably
about as gangster as Queen Latifah I
love that bitch guys hey what's up guys
yes I am on my way to the gym right now
trying to get pumped up I'm trying to
get real excited because I really hate
the gym I hate when people next to me on
the treadmill are like constantly
looking at my ipod like trying to find
out what I'm listening to which is
annoying to me cuz the whole time I'm
like stop judging me I know it's Timmy
Lovato but it's one of her like rock
songs it's not one of a rock songs it's
one of her ballads but either way it's
my choice
something about slow sad depressing
music makes me want to run faster I
don't know if it's because I'm running
from my problems or it's cuz I'm
thinking about Demi Lovato chasing me
one of her crazy wigs either way it gets
the fat burnin so yes we're gonna go to
the gym and then after that I'm gonna
come home and edit more of this fucking
cash video you know what I just realized
I have gone 2 days without talking about
my boob pat on the back
shame he's grown out how we do the gym
how I do the gym did you yeah I didn't
see the song about it well that's your
fault because I went to the gym he went
here and now we're in the costume shop
and I'm gonna buy I mean just a typical
day you me getting wigs together we're
gonna last forever was that for what is
that for was that look like a goat remix
oh my gosh it's a big inflatable black
corny we got to get it
it's scary could we have it like in the
living room come on I could I could sit
on it watch TV oh my god we could
replace that with the couch sexy oh my
god they have a mask of corny you know
we could put it on and then corny will
think she's looking in the mirror and
the corny will be like why am i wearing
a big flannel shirt and why did I get
fat child abuse child abuse child abuse
child abuse child abuse child porn just
a candlelight dinner with my sweetheart
hey guys so we are here they're seeing
me you're wearing a blanket right now
which by the way speaking of where we
are we're at a place called check though
maman
I've never been here before and it's
where Lindsay Lohan almost died five
times alpha cats here look what are all
the youtubers I know it's YouTube ha day
we're all gonna die five times tonight
I'm Koka he came over in my game saying
like I'm like a Hollywood hug it was
amazing
no so we're here we have like a meeting
here whatever I've never been here
before I'm very excited I have Splenda
everywhere so it looks like now I'm on
coke which is perfect
I don't know but the lobby smell like a
toilet why do rich people pay a lot to
smell like a toilet you know what I mean
so question of the day guys I was sing
about this in the car
I'm writing a skit about all the memes
and kind of like I'm gonna do like a
funeral for memes because you know memes
get old and they die so question of the
day is what meme do you think is dead
I think Gangnam style is dead what do
you think is dead Lauren does have a
meme which is terrifying here if you
haven't seen it here it is there you go
that was Lawrence meme and that was a
good one
very much alive all right you guys hope
you have fun hanging her bedside fun
hang with you and I'll see you tomorrow
want some coke yeah you're waiting for
that one white girl who acts black to
say the n-word so all the other girls go
oh no she didn't
