hey what's up you guys so I thought
today we could do something a little bit
different I decided to tell you guys all
the things I fucking hate and it's
different because usually I'm so
positive so I saw this tag video going
around called things I hate tag and I
was like I have a notepad and I hate
everything give me a fucking pencil so
let's start at the beginning which
reminds me of another thing I hate which
is every time I hear the word beginning
I think of that Hilary Duff song let's
go back to the beginning
that bitch ruins so many words for me
beginning yesterday sweet 16 and these
are all words I use a lot so fuck you H
Duff I'm kidding I love you alright well
start with dogs who have middle names I
don't understand that if your dog's name
is pickles why do you need to add
another fucking name pickles are stupid
enough and then you ask people oh what's
your dog's name and then like I hope
that's little baby ham pickles piglet
Oinky
soup salad dressing on the side like why
is there so many my dog's name is a
unicorn
I know that's stupid but I'm not stupid
enough to put like unicorn magic fairy
dust fucker
although that is kind of catchy look she
responds to it ok I'll cross that one
off my list
I hate waiters who try to get you to
order extra food just so they can get
more money I went to Denny's and I was
like oh can I get a salad and she's like
oh sure would you like chicken I'm like
yeah she's like would you like cheese
I'm like yeah would you like dressing
her of course
avocado oh yeah ok sliced bananas but
you know is that that doesn't even work
scrambled eggs are we still talking
about a salad pineapple juice chili sour
cream chives are you are you talking are
you talking to me
how about chocolate syrup and a big
block of cheese from a Lunchables box
this is not cold stone bitch I don't
want you throwing everything inside of
my salad I don't want to get a bill
that's like $500 because I had
everything in the fucking kitchen in one
bowl although I did end up getting that
salad with all that crap she put in it
and it was pretty fucking good I hate
how every coffee place has different
names for all their sizes why can't we
just go with small medium large
it's vent a train table area Bay we
don't have different names for sizes of
people unless you're black because black
people have like a whole different
language I've learned this from Shauna
there's really skinny witch in black is
Lulu Becker on each state there's normal
skinny which is I don't trust that bitch
there's medium which is I'm gonna kill
that bitch if she looks at my man and
then there's
which is girl you look so good I don't
look like that right it's a whole nother
language the next thing I hate is going
into Apple stores I don't really need a
story for that I think you guys feel me
on that getting samples at a frozen
yogurt place every time I walk into a
Froyo place I go up to the front I get
me a little sample cup and I gotta try
the flavors cuz I don't want to just put
something in my bucket without knowing
what it tastes like
and I have no shame because when you're
charging me like 10 bucks for a little
cup of yogurt and a bunch of toppings
that are covered in like hair and broken
fingernail pieces cuz people are
standing over being like I don't know
Wow every yogurt place is fucking
disgusting but that definitely doesn't
stop me from going there pretty much
every single day next thing I hate is
baby backpacks and I'm not talking about
little backpacks for babies I'm talking
about those dads and moms who wear like
a backpack and then they shove their
baby on it so like when they're walking
towards you all you see is like a little
leg and like a little arm and then once
in a while you just see like a bump with
like a little bit of hair which of
course I relate to and then they turn
around and you see a fucking baby how is
that safe why don't you just carry it
and how is him on breast feed just baby
have like one of those beer hats where
it's like two little milk bottles and
it's connected to a tube that goes
around or tits because if so well I need
to get me one of those although I have
to say sometimes I like those baby
backpacks because babies can be really
really ugly so like if they're not
facing you it's perfect although then
it's sad because when the dad walks by
you you look at your girlfriend you're
like damn I hope we don't have a baby
that ugly and the baby's staring right
at you and you say it okay my dogs are
being really really fucking loud so now
we're gonna do this in my bedroom on the
floor right in front of another thing I
hate just kidding
all those I knew you were a goat video
made me kind of like her I hate when
fast food places try new things like
McDonald's okay Big Mac fine
cheeseburger fine
french fries fine fish Mick bites
fucking disgusting listen I love fish
but there's something about putting fish
in the middle of a name of a food that's
fucking disgusting fish sandwich that
sounds gross fish tots I'm gonna throw
up fish sticks what does that even
fucking mean you took the fish and then
you cut it up into squares or did you
just take the whole fish and then you
just fucking mix it up in a blender and
then you poured it into like a square
thing and then you deep-fried that you
served to me with a big mound of tartar
sauce that sounds fucking delicious
actually the next thing I hate is dating
shows let me actually preference this by
I hate dating shows that don't have
black people in them because when they
have black people in them they're
fucking amazing cuz they're not even
dating shows anymore
it's basically cops with better cameras
you're just waiting for somebody to
snatch a weave you get arrested you're
waiting for the host of the show to
almost get punched in the face you're
waiting for that one why core who acts
black to say the n-word so all the other
girls go oh no she didn't it's really
good TV I hate when people say things
are the sex what does that even mean
does that mean it's great does that mean
it's awkward does that mean it's really
really fast and forgettable does that
mean it's a big regret does that mean
everybody's laughing at you and pointing
when you do it I don't know because I've
heard people say things are the sex and
they are not oh let's go to Target it's
the sex okay I have never walked into
Walmart and heard actually I have and
the last thing I hate is the comment
section now listen I don't hate it all
the time I hate it sometimes because to
me the whole point of a comment section
is to have a conversation like I asked
you guys a question you guys answer it
you talk to each other about it it's a
conversation I don't know why some
people think the comments section has
turned into the demand section like I'm
like hey you guys what's your favorite
color and then I see comments that are
like cut your hair you look fat you
should shave because you look like a
transgendered and although I agree with
all of those demands I mean the comments
section really isn't for that
so here is my question of the day what
is something that you hate and listen
I'm trying to be positive lately but it
is kind of fun to talk about things you
don't like tomorrow I'll make a video
about things I love that's gonna be a
short video all right you guys I love
you Alice see you hope you had fun hang
with me I had fun hanging with you I
love you guys I don't hate you I could
never hate you you are not a fish Mick
bite you are a Big Mac with extra cheese
you're a dog with a million cool middle
names and I love you more than anything
but zero calories does not exist like
that's air like you're eating a fart
