hey guys look I have somebody next to me
yeah yeah now get out
do I have you it's cold I know this is
my vlog hey guys I'm just chilling alone
no you can come back don't wanna I
farted though ah stay over there as you
guys know from the last few dogs we have
been filming like motherfuckers for this
Kesha spoof and today I woke up late I
had sunstroke I vomited a little bit I
was feeling very Kasia and then I
started editing so right now we took a
little break
again we were here at a yogurt shop you
can go back organize some yogurt gonna
go back home and then I'm gonna show you
guys a sneak peek of this video because
I've been editing and honestly guys I
think this is the funniest spoof I've
ever done it is so fucking crazy really
do you think so
yeah you know when we came up with it on
Valentine's Day Thanks so I'm excited
you guys I'm excited I love you guys so
much and I will see you with a huge
mouthful of yogurt that sounds sexy
we're home we're home well I just
stepped in at this I think so yeah or
that was my piss she definitely didn't
pee i okay it was my piss I can smell I
can smell it I got something really
disgusting at the frozen yogurt shop
it's calorie-free
caramel kind of I know you so well but I
wanted you to try it
no thank you please it'll be funny to be
like those cinnamon challenge videos
where people are throwing up let me see
what's in it I mean yeah most of the
ingredients are unpronounceable and some
of them are poisonous edge tubal fiber
yeah your shit your brains out not
interested I'll grab you a spoon I mean
look at these guys doesn't look
delicious
wait jiggles feet how it just kind of
Oh baby diarrhea
Lisa I'm getting you ready for you how
big do you want your spoon do you want
like a ladle what about a funnel this
will work let's just get that in there
all right make sure it gets to the
middle of the spoon don't want to get it
all over lips lisbug it's coming for you
now just a little wet the fuck is I
don't even know we had a spoon like that
just like take like a lick please
everybody wants you - everybody's
waiting for just a lick looks like it
doesn't taste that much different just
like no lick the top is supposed to be
girl is the most sour foul vegetable
fiber everything so it's dead it stays
with you
ooh that's our official review guys it
stays with you
I actually remember this brand back when
I was trying to lose weight when I was
fat this brand came out and I would buy
all of it
without trying it just because I was
hopeful it's Walden Farms this is not a
product placement by the way they're
horrible this stuff is horrible don't
eat it don't buy it it's expensive it's
horrible they have like ranch dressing
they had like bacon dressing they had
like cheese and things that like zero
calories does not exist like that's air
like you're eating a fart basically
which is kind of what that tasted like I
definitely just like a fart
so let's heat our normal frozen yogurt
now right let's just get fat yeah rather
get fasten eat that shit legit like that
like my stomach already hurts okay guys
so I'm looking at the footage right now
and I notice every time the music turns
off Lisa turns into a whole different
like okay so she's crazy ready and when
the music turns off she's fucking done
give a fuck
it was really fucking hot in there and I
didn't want like any extra and just want
to get the fuck out
okay area guys ready for the sneak peak
which I show them oh my god there's so
much I don't I don't know corny are you
ready already holding a weird crazy
stuffed animal the Ke$ha would just
stick in her vagina perfect that's it
that's it that's it there's your guys a
sneak sneak sneak peek the video I don't
know when it's gonna go up
I think either this Saturday or next
Saturday I'm not sure yet depending on
when I finished shoot and it's gonna be
fucking crazy you guys already saw
there's a little person in a leprechaun
outfit and she's covered in cereal so
it's already my sexual fantasy come to
life right
alright you guys I know this was a short
vlog today but I'm just sitting you're
working so nothing interesting is
happening I love you guys I hope you're
having fun
nobody cares go to her channel watch her
vlog ID you guys hope you have fun hang
with us that we have fun any with you
when I was root Amaro you guys haven't
seen it right before
hahahaha good response
