sake but a unicorn head and a monkey
leprechaun that can only mean one thing
Lauren hates her job we are shooting it
catch the spoof right now it's gonna be
two days Lauren really hold your leg I
think the world Cornie took like the
nastiest dog person here and it was like
it was like it was like her insides
it's like almond butter right no it was
not like almond butter is that you
you're so good thank you too much it
smells so foul just rubbing those big
balls oh hey my mom's in the other room
go home all right just you're just
checking yeah just checking
oh I'll tell you that I'll tell you you
want her to come in here hang out with
you or she wants to this is awkward
I'm gonna go see see you in the video
shoot okay fine what what's that look at
that cat yeah oh my god I'm about to get
nakey on there oh my god yeah that's
really good oh my god you got to get rid
naked really shy doesn't like your lower
she sprained my vagina oh we're making
you black perfect yeah my dream is that
bone from your personal collection or
what that your boss I don't smoke
anything other than you
Smokey's back what should not some
smoking kills
I don't smoke anything I have long I
look like a hippie but I don't do drugs
Oh me neither oh my god twinsies the
deer program worked da re all right all
right but don't smoke that long here we
go ah it didn't - damn it by the way
guys ah it's not even real drugs my mom
how are you doing huh how are you good
carnita actually kind of are falling
asleep you need to watch it and do
anything I saw what you did what did
they do we all know what you just did no
honey I thought you told me he Minds
engaged he's not anymore after this what
it's gonna be an interesting day legs in
the water yeah
oh it's not my mom yeah you wish and
then when I get here nice swing you know
that was a picture
get on there oh my god holy shit cool
that is
holy shit oh my god
magic you guys like its colors a magic
at Disneyland every dude read
that's a wrap on corny everybody good
job corny
you're so beautiful you did beautifully
transgender outfit you're a prince
princess and you're beautiful
goodbye she's going to her trailer to do
some coke well guys if it couldn't get
any weirder it's obvious the end of the
day guys
thank God don't even know where you are
it's done it's done it's done it's done
why are you wanting to him because it's
like we're we're in one just like I
don't know who that is nobody knows that
it's your twin look may look very
similar but I don't know who you are you
just pissed off so many people and by
people I mean five-year-old girls and
there are mad no question of they are
you mad are you totally pissed oh no
question of the day are you excited
about this fucking video yeah yes
sequence a sequence again y'all brought
why are you excited about this town I
wouldn't wanna I didn't stop make it
stop all right you guys I love you hope
you had fun hang with us we're fine you
will see you tomorrow say but I hear spa
hey that was oh thank you ah not like
that that's you know what I mean I mean
I'm down with you guys but I'm not going
down on you guys
