yeah you know I work out and I work out
I mean listen to really gave music like
this and dance works me up a sweat hey
what's up you guys I am in my trainers
gym right now
she's a cool like at home thing with a
sex swing it's really fun and she's
letting me use it
because I need to get warm I work out on
y'all today I have a meeting about the
talk show it's like a brainstorm session
cuz we're gonna be pitching it soon so
we're trying to come up with you know a
good pitch so I need to get in shape
I mean Chelsea Lately jimmy kimmel Jay
Leno those are terrible examples none of
those people are in shape oh then I'm
perfect ha I'll just keep dancing ha
I found it even cooler angle in my car
although it's kind of depressing cuz
there's nobody next to me it's also kind
of creepy cuz it's the same angle they
use on catfish and I'm just as hairy as
Nev so it's perfect so all the meetings
are done today
um hence the reason I am dressed like a
gay 12 year old when you go into these
meetings you have to make people think
like oh god Shane is so young he's so
hip he's down with the kids not like
that that's you know what I mean
I mean I'm down with you guys but I'm
not going down on you guys this just
went from catfish just to catch a
predator very fast anyways yes that's
why I'm dressed like this I'm going to
go inside and change also Sabine love me
some coffee and while I was inside
coffee bean
I saw Toby Turner I have been seeing
that motherfucker everywhere and I feel
like it's a sign from God I think we
need to make children who knows maybe
one of these days we'll be drinking a
big old cup of Toby I just choked down a
pea size just like I would with Toby
okay so I'm in my Dolly Parton's shirt
which is what I really should have worn
to the meeting I mean come on let me be
me anyways I'm doing some work on the
computer and I stumbled across the video
talking about Google glasses if I
stumble across I mean I was mid
masturbation watching hydrastine and
then she put them on and killed the mood
there's something not sexual about
iJustine having something the size of a
blender on her face anyways it got me
really interested in what the fuck is
going on in the world let me back up
Google Glasses it's very hard to say
yeah also it's glasses that have this
little thing that pops out and I guess
it projects images on to your eyes and
then it also like records video and like
takes pictures and stuff listen I get it
it's cool oh my god it's the future but
it kind of freaks me the fuck out listen
I know in like a hundred years not even
like in like 50 years we're gonna be
flying and there's gonna be like fucking
clone babies everywhere and dogs are
gonna have computers in their heads so
they're gonna be dogs but they're also
gonna be google it's gonna be into
Google I understand that's gonna happen
it kind of sucks like I kind of want to
live like this for a while
like I think iPhones are cool okay
awesome I think computers are great
perfect do we have to have computers in
our heads now like can we just like wait
like let's just wait like a little while
it's a little scary and depressing I
remember when I was your guys's age I
was probably 14 I didn't even know what
a cellphone was my mom had one but that
was only in case she got raped after
work like I didn't know what it was that
it was a rape whistle I clearly didn't
need one very undesirable as a child but
that's a whole nother thing I think I
got my first cell phone when I was like
20 or no when I was like 18 and it was a
big deal and it was like a flip one and
it didn't do any of this and now only
like what four years later I'm filming
my entire life on this little object I
mean I film myself taking a poop
yesterday and showed it to all of you
guys that's the future but it's a little
scary it's like what in five years are
you guys literally gonna be in here with
me watching me poop like are you
literally gonna be able to like reach
out and help me wipe actually that would
be great
no seriously that's the question of the
day what do you think about all this are
you excited about the future that sounds
depressing what I mean is are you
excited about all this crazy technology
or are you like me and you kind of want
it to just stay the same for a while I'm
a little nervous like what if we go too
far like what if we start making robots
and then they turn on us I mean we've
all seen terminator I don't know I guess
I'm getting a little creeped out unless
that robot was Dolly Parton y'all
dolly parton robot could help me wipe
while all of you guys watched now I like
it it's here and the night that's the
fakest excitement yellow I've ever heard
and plus I've heard a lot of fake
exciting else in my life and that was
terrible
it's more believable that one had a tear
in it
um corney's here we're all exciting
we're gonna eat dinner and then go to
sleep but before I do I went shopping
today for the Ke$ha music video spoof
this one to show you guys I mean Lisa is
gonna do a whole haul video so I'll just
give you a glimpse I picked up all this
shit guys this was on me y'all I picked
out all of his I wonder forever 21 I
hung out with a little Latino girl for
like three hours and she goes this is
ugly this is like Kesha and I was like
perfect
she's like this looks like something
somebody throw up and it's like Kesha I
was like great her put in the back and
then I left with all this so I'm excited
so we're gonna be filming the Kesha
music video spoof in two days are you
ready are you nervous are you are you
thinking about throwing up you're
thinking about drinking your own piss
what are you thinking about perfect
alright you guys hope you have fun hang
with us we have the name with you and
I'll see you tomorrow hope you guys like
the new intros aren't they fun I made it
myself
anyway true love she doesn't care she
honestly does not give I'll be great
