hey guys stay with me
hey guys that was perfect you know why
because it's YouTube's OTP what is on TV
stands for overly tight pussy old tire
puss everything I
it's obviously pussy on the popcorn
that's what you say at night when your
dinner and then you're like I'm still
hungry
original titty puller yeah it's like
really like the first man to ever pull
pull some titties
he was also milking cow well what it
really stands for is and actually don't
know hey look at overall perfect fuck it
means one true pairing oh definitely not
this yeah so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go through we made a list of
youtubers for doing exactly what Daily
Grace did oh I do it yeah and it was her
she had bangs and she was sitting with a
gay guy so this is perfect so we made a
list of 10 youtubers and then we're
gonna each by ourselves write down who
we think they're perfect pairing is then
we're gonna read it out loud
we're gonna do five on my YouTube okay
say we're gonna do five on my channel
and five on her channel so hey ready
okay oh great took a poop and it's very
stinky yeah that was definitely corny
let's start okay do it like a taking a
test or something oh this reminds me
when everybody's used my huge fat back
to sign you both and they would always
get tea oh no it wasn't ki t it was
black girls so good luck girl this year
has been so much where do I start I
would literally be standing up like two
hours so Smosh I mean they're together
already this is gonna take us an hour
just had to meet you too yes actually I
don't know no yes okay Smosh who did you
put I put the fine brothers I feel like
their brotherly pairs or Smosh brothers
no but it's supposed to be like couples
yeah but there they go on double dates
all the time with each other yeah Benny
and that one guy and Rafi in the other
way I think it's an adorable idea what
just because you can have perfect
pairings with gay men remember you said
that because when I bring up on joey
graceffa later on the list I put the two
Asian girls from two girls one cup I
think they're probably into anime so
with Smosh they are obviously into the
internet and into viral videos just like
Smosh and they're into each other and so
a Smosh so it's perfect
okay nikka Higa I said Michelle Thawne I
set myself on to race that's so funny I
don't know anything else about either of
them so great raywilliamjohnson okay I
said Trisha do you guys know who that is
Trisha pop pop pop diss okay first of
all she's like our friend and you don't
even know her last name I mean you
didn't know my last name
until I don't even think you still know
my last name yes I do was shorts I think
they're a perfect pair because Ray is
apparently a small man and she is a big
breasted woman and I think that he would
just get lost in there for days perfect
pairing well I went the opposite route
and I said Michelle tanner from full
house here's why not because she's
little this is not a short joke it's
because he reminds me of Uncle Jesse and
I always wanted Uncle Jesse and Michelle
Tanner to get together me you listen
it's what we all wanted all of us fans
know we were waiting for it yes Toby
Turner
I think Toby Turner and glozell would be
a perfect pair they really wouldn't even
realize each other we're there
they're just go logging and then okay
then acting I went the opposite route I
went with Harley from Epic Meal Time
now listen I'm not saying either of them
are gay because they're not but like
Toby to me is kind of like a little
twink and then Harley's like a big bear
yes and there's something like cute and
sexual about Harley just sling and Toby
around the bedroom and then
wrapping them in bacon and then just
shoving him down his butt I like that
but they're gonna have to film the whole
thing and the final one on my channel is
Cody cutie pie
well seeing as though I've seen none of
pewdiepies videos I thought iwould pair
them with someone else that I don't see
never seen a video of and that would be
honest in unison I understand what's his
name you have met him once and he didn't
know who I was so I don't feel bad
honest in'
first of all he didn't know he were I
think he was just not care they're like
you if they you were like suicidal yeah
like a like an alternate version of em
suicidal it'd be like me if I was like
didn't take a shower from one more day
yeah exactly
but people apparently love pee pee pee
pee pee so I'm gonna check them up okay
I went with overly attached girlfriend
because I feel like they both have
signature faces like poo deep eyes is
line and then overlaid says girlfriends
isn't it oh so they speak face-to-face
yes like all the time
so together but I'll be pooty-poo be
over says already it's perfect so
question of the day I'll pick a random
one I'll pick jenna Marbles Hootie do
you have to rip paper one time yes shit
jenna Marbles who do you think is her
ultimate but is it again OTP whatever
her OTP leave your comment down below my
eyes just crossed for a minute if you
saw that and check out Lisa's channel
for the rest of these cuz I got some
good ones good girl girl all right let
me guess you later I hope if I do mom
yeah usually Lisa thinks I'm in here
masturbating because I have my laptop
and I'm letting things flow
