a lot of you guys asked me where I get
my video ideas well I get them right
here oh there's one Oh looks like one is
uh clogging up the toilet no I'm not
actually going in the bathroom right now
I'm just sitting on the toilet but I do
get ideas here and sometimes I do just
sit on the toilet with my pants off I
got my laptop I locked the door I just
let the ideas flow usually Lisa thinks
I'm in here masturbating because I have
my laptop and I'm letting things flow
but she would be wrong I like to
masturbate on the couch so today I'm
sitting on the toilet trying to come up
with a video idea for next Saturday and
I got one thing to help me come up with
ideas that would be terrible magazines
you know if you close one eye and kind
of squint the other one and put on
sunglasses that make everything look
like a No that kind of looks like me so
yes I like to read this just you know
see what's going on in the world and it
makes me ask some very very important
questions such as why is Taylor Swift in
a shopping cart
when did Miley Cyrus get her arm
amputated where's the cast of Dawson's
Creek now now why do black people always
sleep smiling and most of these
questions have an answer and it's who
fucking cares but with that being said
I'm going to read this entire thing
right now and try to come up with some
ideas which leads me to the question of
the day and that is what celebrity have
I not spoofed yet that you want me to
spoof and when I say spoof I don't mean
mean I'm not gonna be an asshole
because you know I'm trying to be nice
now but you know I could still like put
on a wig and pretend to be somebody so
let me know in the comments who do you
want me to be I know Lisa wants me to be
a man but that'll never happen
let's think more realistic what you
doing down what you doing you're acting
crazy you're acting crazy what you doing
no no you can't have none of that come
on now you know you know we don't do
that I don't know we never done why are
you telling them do we do that don't be
mad at me cause I rejected you you know
I love you we just can't be doing that
we can't be doing that on karma we can't
be you ain't you ain't kim kardashian
Raj what can't be doing that we got to
have a real professional relationship
man and dog so what do you want to do
hang out oh you want to ignore me now
okay that's what you want to do oh you
know I can't be doing that come on now
you nasty put that away look who's home
me and Courtney were definitely not
embracing in each other's nastiness was
he was gone I don't know we no no II was
not we was not doing nothing nasty we
was just hanging out she was not all up
in me I was not out I was just chillin
we was hanging up moving no no no no no
don't take away I have nobody found Ryan
he said I want to see if she knows that
it's her I would see give her two boobs
one is a little bit bigger than the
other one let's be honest bagel
pepperoni nipples just kidding I don't
really know how to draw a vagina so
we'll just do one of those it's happy
smile Oh legs I give her like a little
like hipster dress she's like hipster oh
god now that looks like a pacman ghosts
we'll give her a bow she loves a bow
oh here she comes oh she's blogging oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god my
exception well on my blog right now I
just made a picture of you so I was
explained to them so you have a bow
because you love bows you have boobs and
one's a little bit bigger than the other
one because it's that time of month no
nope I'm a good way just being realistic
wait this is where people are gonna
watch this one yeah
and then I made your vagina like a
smiley cuz you're happy and then I gave
you like a hipster dress but now you
look like a pacman ghosts cuz you're
super yeah my super love okay I'm enjoy
you now okay
you know what to see the drawing that
she does of me which she can't even do
is the markers draw me go to her channel
locks up show exception you it's not
even work wait no I'm not supposed to be
your big-ass head click here bitch
number two your mouth
you never heard of T porn it's a guy's
weird dinner right now
and there it's too because we're
clogging it's fine people know by now
that we're fucking weird we watched each
other drink tea and we talked to
ourselves on camera you know what else
is true we watch the Oscars last night
so let's give a quick recap I was bored
I hated it how did you like uni and
watching you okay this is how we watch
TV when we're watching a show that I'm
going to watch Shane gets his computer
out and collects samples and watches
something else but we pretend like we're
watching TV yeah we held hands whole
time I farted on you like three times
because I had my earphones in and I
didn't hear myself you know then he got
me fine it's my time my personal farting
time the only part I do remember though
is Jennifer Lawrence eating shit falling
on the ground but it was fucking awesome
because she got on stage and everyone
stood up and clapped and she goes you
guys are only clapping for me because
you feel bad that I fell down and it was
embarrassing and then later she said she
was drunk which makes sense you know
what that's like
falling down all the time
so what did you guys gonna be Oscars I
know we're in the question of the day
but I don't know Jennifer Lawrence I
used to kind of be annoyed by her and
now I'm not annoyed by her anymore huge
fan there's like a big like Twitter
Facebook thing being like Jaipur is
awesome these are the reason why she's
your new best friend just because she
felt I fall all the time and nobody
likes me I'm gonna fall again Oh
oh my god I love you alright I hope you
guys are funny any of us we're fighting
with you and I'll see you tomorrow go
into the Caesar dressing when I get
angry I only have five fingers but I'll
make sure to kill about five people when
you have eight tentacles you could kill
the whole class of 30
