you know what I love about tumblr
nothing really but I have one so today I
decided to answer some questions
directly from Matt dummy if you don't
know I have one it's called bloomie look
Shane Dawson blog tumblr.com it's mainly
covered in pictures of my food pictures
of Britney Spears doing a face and once
in a while a picture of my dog smiling I
know technically dogs can't smile and
technically people who say technically
are fucking assholes and they have never
seen my dog because that bitch can smile
so anyways I decided today would be fun
to answer some questions on here so
let's look anonymous asked oh this is
going to be bad why are you such a dirty
nasty rotten faggot oh god where do I
start
dirty because I'm lazy and haven't
showered yet rotten I don't really know
how I could be rotten like a banana like
black on the outside coz if someone the
opposite of rotten I'm black on the user
and faggot
well first of all he spells around
second of all I am not gay but I am
wearing a very gay sweater right now so
I understand your confusion is Totten
wants to know will I ever do a video
with Toby Turner actually yeah maybe me
and I hung out the other day we were
talking about doing something together
and I'm sure after we have Mad wild
passionate sex we'll figure out some
kind of a video to do I can only imagine
what it would be like to make love to
him it would be really loud with a lot
of these faces and I can't wait such a
llama wants to know when does your draw
my life video come out it's actually
coming out this Saturday and I'm really
excited because it is very very
different from my usual video it's very
depressing it's very long and it's very
confusing so get ready but it's also
really funny because it's my life and
God has a sense of humor but no I'm
actually really excited I think it's
going to show you guys a little bit more
why I am the way I am it's also going to
show you how terrible of an artist I am
this is supposed to be Shauna
you know what it's actually uncanny
drudgery says Shane I feel like I've
grown up with you I love you I consider
you my brother even though I'd probably
fuck you
lacy wants to know Shane what's the best
job you've ever had well I'd have to say
the best job I ever had is this YouTube
obviously so let's talk about the worst
jobs I've ever had besides the obvious
one of Jenny Craig which you guys mostly
know I worked in construction then I was
a security guard in the aquarium and
here's basically what my job was and
I'll explain it to you the way my black
boss waify explained it to me what you
need to do is stand up on that octopus
cage because people be coming up here
after school and maybe want to play
within octopuses and I tell them no but
they still be climbing up in there and
what happens is the octopus get angry
and they have eight tentacles you can
only imagine what happens after that
when I get angry I only have five
fingers but I'll make sure to kill about
five people when you have eight
tentacles you could kill the whole class
2:30 so I had to stay in front of
aquarium until people don't touch the
aquarium was also located in gayest part
of Long Beach which meant I was hit on
by a lot of lesbians who thought I was a
woman but surprisingly boosted my
confidence I'll take a compliment okay
who is from no book joy wants to know
Shane why is your face so perfect
well notebook joy why don't you take a
closer look dear fucking God herpes
herpes herpes stab wound and it's really
fat but you can't tell that because all
these Apple iMac webcams make everybody
look skinnier and prettier bad with tech
wants to know Shane why do you get so
much hate I don't get it well I get a
lot of hate um mainly because you know
when you first start on YouTube like
when I first started on YouTube I was
like the underdog and everybody was like
oh my god this guy is crazy and funny
he's dirty and he's doing all these
things we'd never seen before let's all
support him and then once I got popular
on YouTube people kind of build you up
to tear you down so a lot of people are
like oh god Shane he's so mainstream oh
he's this oh he's that we're tired of
this and then somebody else comes along
so then they go to that person and they
say oh we love this person and then they
leave me behind and whatever it's kind
of how Hollywood works and that's how
YouTube works um but there is still a
group of people out there hopefully you
guys who actually like me and don't hate
me so that's nice but kind of comes with
the territory
you know everybody is obsessed with
certain youtubers
and then two years from now they're not
going to be anymore they're going to be
obsessed with somebody else and they're
gonna be like can you believe I used to
watch that person it's like this ongoing
cycle I remember like four years ago I
had this group of fans and they were so
excited so nice to me and so supportive
and then literally they all turn into
One Direction fans and started hating on
me as if me in one direction do anything
close to the same thing their day
looking singers and I'm a gay looking
youtuber there's room for both of us but
either way I'm still excited to still be
making videos for people that actually
like me and even the people who hate me
anonymous said Shane how do you flirt
people say that I flirt a lot and I
don't even know what that means I know
I'm nice to people I know I compliment
people I know I say like here's my
number I know I say like hey what are
you doing later tonight let's meet up I
know I say things like hey do you like
coffee cuz I like coffee we should go
get some coffee and fog I don't know I'm
just a nice person I get it from my
grandma Shane doesn't cry says Shane
have you heard of pudy pie
I just recently figured out who this was
because I was getting a lot of comments
saying I looked like him and I looked
him up and of course on Google Images
the first thing I see is I was like wow
it does look like me so he is a gamer on
YouTube which is a world that I'm not
familiar with because I've never played
a video game in my life but I think it's
really cool that there's another
youtuber out there who has an ugly face
like me and I also like the fact that
his name sounds like the code word for
poop inside of a vagina Bob put back
gada wants to know Shane who is your
idol
well besides God and Kelly Clarkson
who's really close to being God I'd
probably go with my mom um she's really
really funny and smart and successful
and she raised three terrible children
who grew up to be not that bad and she's
always positive even though she's had a
lot of really terrible things happen to
her and that's the way I want to be I've
had a lot of terrible things happen to
me but I'm trying to keep a smile on my
face seat don't I look happy on the
inside and the last question is from
another anonymous and it says Shane
marry fuck kill Harry Styles Obama and
my mom I would marry my mom
and I kill Harry Styles even though
Taylor Swift already left him dead on
the inside and I would fuck Obama
because you didn't say it had to be
Barack Obama I would fuck his children
kidding I would fuck his wife she kind
of looks like a mixture of Tia Tamera
and donkey from Shrek you put that all
together and I'm fuckin horny so those
are the questions from tumblr if you
want to leave me more go to my tumblr
and leave me some fuckin questions if
you don't want to leave me questions
leave me a picture preferably more
pictures of Britney Spears doing stupid
places and I'm really into animals
wearing wigs any of that would be much
appreciated I love you guys so much
normal hang with Shane tomorrow I
promise and I will see you guys then I
love you so much I already said this
goodbye I forgot to tell you guys I'm
not feeling good today I am just alright
I'm gonna go watch a documentary about
somebody's life who's worse in mind see
you guys later because I've heard if one
gets too close to you they will get
their soul sucked out of their body and
spend the rest of their lives walking
around an empty shell of a human being
