hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what the sup thought
so I didn't only a matter of time before
2017 invented something incredibly
stupid and wouldn't you know it I was
right because frigate spinners now exist
and while I will never understand why
they're a thing and why you just don't
spend other things that don't cost money
Wow I'm spinning a pillow this cost me
$0 Wow
I'm spinning a binder this also costs me
you know dollars see easy I also can't
help but respect the people with digit
centers who are able to do shit like
this but at the same time wonder just
how much fucking time they wasted trying
to do this that said there are a lot
more fidget spinner fail videos online
than there are people doing stuff like
that
donate other my 5 we count down the top
5 digit spinner failed number one okay
what I don't get about this is you get a
business dinner and the first thing you
think to do is put it in your mouth I
guess I shouldn't be surprised I mean
any human nature since the beginning of
time oh dear Lord that is not where that
dough that hole is made to eat food and
that thing is made for making babies not
that it is about people to think just
how many videos of this there are online
apparently still kids even chipping
their teeth while doing it but they died
I completely understand these kids
because we all know putting a 9-volt
battery on our time is going to hurt we
still do it anyway but this one's more
specific to guys it's like when you
smell something just super rancid and
then for some reason you smell it again
like Oh what is that smell it's a bog of
eternal stench so I'm a rotting whale
for 50000 then for some reason you make
your friend smell it like Tommy smell
this thing Oh what the fuck is that
right oh let me smell it one more time
number two well what is up YouTube today
I'll be doing your Papa making you
dilute it what oh my god I just broke it
I think my favorite part of other videos
when the dad walks in it is just like
the things you make when you realize
your son is a failure to make you
videos the only reason I recognized is
because I've seen that face many times
from my own family although the new
mirror does this kid look exactly like
Mowgli from The Jungle Book your frigid
spinner minor broke but at least you can
go dance with the Panther and a bear in
the fucking middle of a jungle welcome
back in I rock I didn't so I'm just
gonna do ah ah ah oh oh oh that really
weird but I love the sound this kid
makes when he's in pain Oh like what is
hello I'm not trying to make fun of
these kids I was once a cringy youtuber
I mean I still had but I don't get like
why this kid thought this video was a
good idea to put up online I drown in so
much female titty after they see this
video it's gonna be number 3 much like
the last couple videos the best one
involves a kid trying to show off his
skills I figured spinning by not
stopping its spinning for an entire 40
hour livestream for charity this right
is skilled it would be R he dropped it
during the livestream and then lied
about it and pretended like it didn't
happen
looks like a guy's guy drop it no I did
not drop it I almost dropped it but I
caught it and it's still spinning with
like two kids right he's doing it for
charity so props I guess for showing
everyone here skill while raising some
money but come on man honesty is
important flying gets you nowhere
except for apparently the presidency of
the United States and a ton of other
political jobs but otherwise don't laugh
just don't I remember I would lie to a
girl about the results of her pregnancy
test and now my friend has a child named
Stephen so just don't do it although how
could it be interesting to watch someone
spin a fucking fish has been her for 40
hours straight my god this is so vivid
this keeps spinning oh my god Chris are
you possible to sleep this morning
I don't know why I pronounce it like
school hope you have to give up I can't
bother watching this guy spit a piece of
plastic number four
well I got a first cut from this little
thing right there I knew it was going to
happen eventually and it just did so
yeah this is dangerous don't try this
that was just the littlest spin in it
just cut my fingers well okay it's
pretty bad now
oh why that one would see gonna see
Scott a razor booth uh oh gosh what the
fuck I just don't understand like why
it's so fucking boring in your child
that you literally have nothing better
to do that intentionally slice up your
skin with a less cool version of a
Shahrukh it but that's the case I get it
I mean my town had 800 people in it and
one of my most precious pastimes was
hitting the tree with a stick and making
rock talons hey guys look the tower has
20 rock guys oh right I don't have any
friends literally my best friend was a
frog named Bartholomew and he was a geek
but it is me how fuck you dog do you
have to be to do this it's like the same
reason I just don't understand how
people get into drugs it's like did they
wake up one day and are like I think I'm
going to do meth today and finally
number 5 so all the topic of attaching
razors to fidget spinners because that's
one isn't a video of a fail but rather
some news articles and things that have
happened since the release of the
fidgets dinner so first was the news
that a man from calgary cut off his own
penis by attaching razor blades to a
fidget spinner and why this guy thought
it was a good idea to get naked and put
his dick anywhere near a fitness spinner
I guess we'll never know because it
turns out this story was actually fake
thank God because I don't think I could
have handled being more ashamed of being
on this planet oh wait I lied because
well that sort of mistake there are
other stories coming out of people
looking up digit spinner porn actually
sexualizing fidget spinner
I don't usually wish death upon anyone
but whoever fucking made this there's a
special place in hell for you even
better though is the news that fidget
spinner butt plugs now exists so you put
it in there I guess and then it just has
a fidget spinner on the top of it so
it'll basically look like your asshole
has a helicopter on it hey if it gives
you a method to fly away from the stars
I say go for it
yep I have had enough of the internet
for one day anyway
guys that a distance episode of once
upon five hopefully you guys enjoyed it
and if you did make sure to give this
video a like and favorite and also
subscribe to this channel as there will
be more every single week my question of
the day for you guys do you have a
fitted spinner and if so why old you
guys as always if you have any
suggestions for future what the fuck 5
episodes links you to leave those in the
comments down below and I'll check those
out also if you'd like to see more of me
I'm doing some live streams on twitch TV
so if you want to check that out it will
be the first link in the description and
don't worry I will not finish it it's
better from 40 hours straight check it
out that's it guys we'll see you next
time for another one top five thanks for
watching
and bear with
