hey there my name is shane dawson and my
celebrity crush is a woman who's no
stranger to love and no stranger to
crushes
she's also no stranger to crushing her
lovers into the fucking ground with her
evil fists of pain and suffering only
matched by the dark king of the
underworld satan of course i'm talking
about this bloodsucker so here's my
ladder I hope she gets it I'm mailing it
to hell
dear Taylor Swift kick to the balls I've
been admiring you from afar for quite
some time
I'd like to stay as far away as possible
because I heard if one gets too close to
you they will get their soul sucked out
of their body and spend the rest of
their lives walkin around an empty shell
of a human being if only someone would
have warned this bitch oh I know you
like your men weak dirty sexually
ambiguous and I feel like I'm a child
Rio's descriptions so please reply to my
letter and let's be together forever I
know how much you love virgin blood so I
cut my finger open I wrote this entire
letter with my open wound I'm actually
getting kind of woozy see you in Hell
Taylor and then I was like listen I used
to be 400 pounds had a lot of fucking
practice
