hey let's have you guys yes I'm wearing
a lot of makeup in case you were
wondering or you weren't wondering
because you're used to this by now so I
just left a commercial shoot you guys
are very excited that Shane's dream just
came true
I'm going to be in a Taco Bell
commercial now as you guys know I'm
obsessed with talked about I Instagram
pictures of hot sauce I read all the
catchphrases on the hot sauce packets in
videos I've eaten about 35 burritos in
one sitting
and I don't know if Taco Bell saw my
videos or if they just saw me and said
he looks like he likes to eat whatever
happened they asked me to be in a
commercial and I'm so excited
I used to audition for commercials when
I was like 19 years old and I didn't get
anything so now to have like somebody
come to me be like want to be a
commercial it's amazing and it's crazy
and it's amazing it's all because you
guys and I love you so much because of
you I got to eat tacos today do you
think that's what Kelly Clarkson song is
about because of you I get to eat as
much as I fucking want because of you
I'm kidding she's not fat she's perfect
back to tacos so the funniest part of
the day well first of all I got to hang
out with
Tobuscus and after me and him hung out
it was time for me to do the biggest
moment of my life
I had to take a bite of a taco and make
it look sexual and interesting and
delicious not surprisingly I've used all
those words to describe a taco so the
best part I took a bite of the taco
literally everybody in the room the
director the Taco Bell people everybody
literally stopped and went oh you have
the best butt we have ever seen I've
never been turned on hungry satisfied
intrigued by a bike before I have people
coming up to me patting me on the back
saying goodbye bro and then I was like
listen I used to be 400 pounds had a lot
of fucking practice so it was definitely
one of the funniest moments of my life
I literally could not stop laughing I
was like wow I I'm good at something
finally eating did I deliver my lines
great I don't know did I eat well
fuck yeah so that was my day so far I'm
gonna go eat some food right now even
though I've had about
under tacos maybe I'll go get some Taco
Bell as much as I'd love to talk about I
think a hundreds the limit so I'm
excited I don't know when the commercial
comes out I know that Toby's in it I
think I just Stevenson I don't know who
else is in it but I'm really excited
guys it's gonna be on fucking TV they
all started to shave my hands
they said that nobody wants to eat a
taco from a hairy handed individual and
you know what talk about I have to agree
speaking of Taco Bell like a little talk
about dog so did you guys hear about my
bite oh my god no I went like this yes
yeah corny you try you know it's corny
that wasn't sexy at all hungry stop go
to a different food chain fired I didn't
get to see him I mean I got to see him I
didn't get to see him like actually act
I was curious
but it's amazing him me I just seen her
big taco tacos everywhere y'all you're
talking I bet you do maybe hey guys it
is the end of the night and I am just
finishing up the night by finishing
writing a video okay that's not it
that's zebra riding a giraffe but next
to it is this gripper video and I'm
really excited about it because it's
gonna have a couple special guess I
don't want to give it away but um oh I
don't even away it's gonna be fun though
and also I'm working on some scheduling
stuff because we're doing two music
videos this month we're doing a Ke$ha
spoof for song come on
and we're doing my original song fuck up
and we're filming those like back to
back and I'm nervous and I'm terrified
and I'm excited and
I just want to let you guys know that
that's what I'm doing that's why these
vlogs are kind of boring lately because
I'm usually just at my computer
stressing out so question of the day if
you could see anybody in one of my
videos who would it be
I know I probably asked this before but
whether it's a celebrity a youtuber a
non youtuber whoever who do you want to
see in my video because there's a part
in the Ke$ha song or the video where I
kinda want to have a special guest and
I'm trying to figure out who it should
be so let me know I love you guys so
much hope you have fun hang with me I
find with you and I'm wearing a lot of
makeup bye you saw aliens baddest we did
see Lance Bass and when he came at me he
goes hi my name is Lance and I looked at
him like
