hey what's up guys we are dressed up
very fancy on our way to the streamys
which is like a YouTube award thank and
Lisa has already got ketchup all over
herself
yeah really we're really classy here
trainees die Alyssa gonna eat do I have
yellow in my teeth
yes so we're gonna go very excited
vanilla ice is gonna be here y'all
Soulja Boy is gonna be cranking it live
Toby jennamarbles verne troyer so cute
tiny and we're very excited I can't wait
to get laughed offstage in the worst way
possible I can't wait to get crunk look
guys there's the stage everybody's
coming
there's the fine brothers North Jackson
we just saw ty pennington
Soulja Boy funny women have been making
a spot on the web go in Sarah Palin
comedian Lindsay Lohan performance
artists and you know if that girl waiter
in Tampa those trying to be funny goes
to
thank you thank you so much Phil
DeFranco hit on this thank you for
everyone that watches these videos this
is the most important thing in the
entire world is that you watch it it's
free entertainment for you and that's
absolutely amazing and I'm the
gatekeeper to all of you going home and
getting drunk
okay this is a bit awkward I was
supposed to actually David alright y'all
the streamys are over we had good time
we saw up in your lies I suffered Troy I
saw antoine dodson dancing with glozell
yes he has braids he's boss and we also
saw the suit I hung out with Lena aka
the overly attached girlfriend it was
amazing we saw aliens baddest we did see
Lance Bass and when he came at me he
goes hi my name is Lance and I looked at
him like you don't need to say that I
know I'm screaming inside oh I touched
his hand baby
I saw his little chest hair scruffy I
want to rub my little face all over it
did you say thanks to Lance Bass my
girlfriend has been loving gay guys
since an early age I have you to thank
so how were the streamys alright so
we're back from the streamys mom what's
your official review of the streamys
yeah I see I see
baby I just feel oh my god Oh too cold I
was feeling it I was oh of course the
best part of any was I first I saw you
and Lisa in the audience and I'm texting
you guys and thing I'm freaking out and
then seeing you present the award honey
was amazing and then of course vanilla
ice please yeah I mean it brought
everything back to who I you know what
that means oh yes well speaking of which
look what I just saw you guys smiley you
said II said you went to Walmart right I
did and there were only a couple left
all right well let's do a question of
the day guys
question of the day um who do you think
should win the Streamy for best youtuber
of all time and it can't be me even
though you probably wouldn't upset me
anyways who do you think who do you
think is you B youtuber honey yeah what
do you think you're so Hollywood poopy
offending with us we had fun hanging
with you and well I will see you observe
I can't even talk I'm so tired
you know what let's just leave on a
picture of me and my brand new
girlfriend see you guys later
you guys I thought it was a joke when
people said that they were back together
but they're actually back together
I'm so fucking Maddock
