so right now lisa is going to shoot a
video and i she was like oh i'm going to
shoot a video at the YouTube office
place I'm like okay I'll come you have
to come a family day no you see you do
some work I know you're busy cause beam
and then we had to give me some cottage
chess from I know we're on time to get
I'm sorry and then she opened up the
sunroof and I was like burning so glad I
came
speaking of abusive relationships we
were just having a long conversation
about Rihanna and Chris Brown you guys I
thought it was a joke when people said
that they were back together but they're
actually back together I'm so fucking
mad and confused I heard you did a rant
on Lisa's vlog but I'll do a rant here
Rihanna listen I mean how many times you
have to get your face beat the fuck in
until you realize you're with a guy
who's gonna beat your fucking face in
totally it's kind of like how I got food
poisoning at one of my favorite
restaurants and had massive diarrhea in
the bathroom I came out the waiter
walked in she knew I had massive
diarrhea and I still eat there every
single day and I know every time I eat
there she's looking at me going do you
really want to eat that but I guess I do
want to eat that it's hurting me but I
want to eat it it's the same thing
Rihanna except for sure
yours has more blood actually my poop
had a lot of blood
so that I came and we gotta see you guys
guess what somebody dies and somebody's
an alien and then somebody is made of
cookies it's so we're standing there
completely in the way because we don't
know where to go and now they set us in
a corner so now we just wait wait
that's the girls side and then over here
it's the boys side so this way I can
show you what it sounds like when Lisa
takes a shit sounds crunchy yeah it
sounds good sounds like a waterfall
don't go chasing it YouTube knows
exactly what I made this is a huge
bottle of lotion next to a mirror oh oh
oh oh oh you're interrupting me
this is awkward go back in oh my god
Lisa not only do they have lotion for me
look what they have for you just the
bucket of just a blood I need a blood
picker-uppers tell me you let me up hi
oh my god there's Pat what are these
little ones we I don't like my butt good
enough should I put this in my underwear
yes absolutely
okay perfect I'll steal one yeah wait I
just realized we're in the bathroom
together I know it's fine
um we work out we worked out she works
to ask Arnold Schwarzenegger bitch works
out high five
so we are here working out getting ready
for the streamys tomorrow which is kind
of like the Emmys for the internet and
I'm gonna be there she's gonna be there
Lance Bass is gonna be there
I mean star-studded so we got some
outfits today got ready for it got waxed
you know i'm time' and now we are
working out and they were gonna go to
bed where our trainers house in the
middle of the night it's just no idea
we're here we broke in she's a badass
motherfucker
all right you guys we will see you
tomorrow hopefully effing hang with us
we had fun interview and sweating with
you and we will see you tomorrow and you
the sweaty boobs
oh all right guys look here's the single
cover I decided that my own
