why you are making uh gonna leave I'm
going uh your turn okay sorry what okay
sorry I can't hear you a little bit
louder a firework is a dud and it just
blew your hand off and you're dead
hey guys I'm sitting here wearing Lauren
sunglasses which is why I look extra
fashionable and lesbionic today we just
for me to be more of a lesbian lesbian
yeah do great so we just did the music
video no wait sorry I'm confused these
these sunglasses are making me stupid I
know I just did a photo shoot for my new
single fuck up and it's me flipping off
the camera it's really fun tell
everybody everything Lauren took a bowel
movement she just started a peer pure I
know I'll show you guys I go in the
other room and show you guys some of the
shots I'm excited about you're gonna be
good and then after this I think me and
Lisa are gonna go see a movie we got
invited to Toby Turner's party hi but I
get nervous about YouTube parties
because I feel like people don't like me
you know oh okay great so we might not
go to that uh um but we might and and
I'm excited there's a dog here you guys
and there's another dog over here all
right guys look here's the single cover
I decided that my arm hair was way too
big and distracting here so now she's
getting rid of some of it if only she
could do that to the rest of my body in
real life speaking of things I wish you
could photoshop out of real life we have
Lauren putting in or a brand new
Invisalign mmm tastes so good it's gonna
make me really skinny because you can't
eat with my mom oh the grossest person
it Invisalign are so gross it's
I mean it's like you it's like a fake
teeth you're wearing fake teeth I mean
your teeth look incredibly shiny like
your tongue can't stock lipping licking
them kind of like my cheeks then because
I'm sucking on them some like I don't
know if skinny is the word maybe dead I
look at the insides of my mouths are
gonna be like Oh fester and grow so
after like a year of these cuz I'm like
just sucking everything so much it's
usually how it works
corny gets wet your mom's can you be
Kesha so we just wrote a Pecha Kesha
parody for her song come on and it's
gonna be all about how Kasia gets crazy
hi and writes video ideas so you are
gonna get crazy high I mean all right if
I have to for this video and if there's
gonna be a lot of craziness I don't want
to give anything away but this would be
a couple cameos excited about it's a
question of the day
Kesha's videos are crazy like stupid
shit happens sometimes some people have
cartoon heads sometimes animals fly so
give me a comment telling me one crazy
thing you want to happen in my custard
music video do you want us to fly do you
want an old person to throw up rainbows
what do you want what do you want I want
you to zip up your pants season balls
right that's true I just peed okay
alright so now we're gonna go out to
dinner and then we're gonna come back
and get high I'm kidding I just hate
that and let me tell you I came out
looking just like that
I just want to I'm sitting here I like
to start vlogs real you know I'm here
with Lisa and Randy you guys have not
met her yet
you might have met her on Lisa's blogs
but not in lines and tell everybody who
you are but I've done this before you
brah that's right that was the first day
of a archives question say what video
was Randy in your Lance Bass I'm Randy
Moore well the question has changed its
who's your favorite One Direction member
it's all you perfect
I have no idea Nev from catfish whatever
knees okay so we talked about poop and
we also talked about a favorite thing
which is newscasters who fuck up so can
you please do your impression of a
newscaster if like that
in other news because they already did
the important story since she goes a 65
year old man just cutting Mount Everest
but get this he's gay and then she goes
I'm sorry blind you can type in like
newscaster gay blind mountains really do
the dr. Phil line and the dr. Phil one
is he's like well what do you do and the
guests for the little lady goes I don't
know that's why I just don't know how to
get past that what did we look up if you
look at dr. Phil woman high voice it's
the first one that comes yeah you know
what fuck it we'll put a clip in here
right now boom I don't know how to so
there you go the impression was pretty
perfect right
live so that's what we did
we're gonna go home now probably want
some shark tank and I gonna sleep
Santa Claus you know who he is he that
motherfucker will be delivering gifts
cuz he of course from house to house on
that
