I go wait yo what up it's MC Shan okay I
know what you think the damn show you
got a hole in your shirt yeah I do
motherfucker you wanna fight about it
didn't think so
so right now I'm about to go into the
bathroom Lisa's taking my motherfucking
shower take Courtney's in there watching
that bitch and we might have a rap
battle up in this house
hey yo bitch hey yo bitch it's okay they
can't see you unless I can front that
mirror and then I can think they can
okay there we go can see how about the
show dude motherfuckers my rap skills
you ready for this so really what
happened was Lisa's a shower and I was
peeing and she gave me a topic and I
just start rapping and then I realized
I'm really good at freestyle rapping
guys like I'm not even fucking kidding
right now I'm really good give me a
topic I mean I'm nervous I'm gonna slip
okay guys I'm just letting you know
there might be an n-word in here 50
times let's do it right give me a new
topic atomic Santa Claus you know who he
is he's that motherfucker who be
delivering gifts cuz he helps the house
on that night and he left me nothing cuz
that nigga's fucked up that wasn't good
Mokey's they be flying around and Wizard
of Oz going all over town because it
ain't real but they're real in the
movies and they got they got little
purple stomachs and little red boobies
they're monkeys but they're flying like
birds they got but people faces and they
ain't scarred because they evil is fuck
you better watch out for them because
they're in The Wizard of Oz they give me
a new sound effect cuz that was a bad on
high right now yeah love is what's in my
heart
it was also after I fought because I
love the fart yeah I changed it into
farts I'm sorry give me any subject all
right last subject last subject
showers uh-oh
you want to get wet and wild I got the
place for you it's in my bathroom sorry
that it smells like poo I just went in
there it's okay
so when you were like I'm really good at
this no no no give me it sorry give me
one more topic I swear to God I want to
nail it
you know what okay I'll do poop but I'll
turn it into not poop it's like
Inception fucking crazy twist ending
Shawn Milan here we go oh you know what
I did in that bathroom
I took a poop and I grabbed a broom and
I rode on it cuz I'm a witch
look at his crazy bitch put another
panties but not on the panties cuz you
know what she putting on a penny spent
you thought it was a song you was wrong
oh here we go around - she's putting on
his sweats that's what she did okay I
think it's become really clear that rap
is ruining our life alright so that was
my rap guys corny we do rap - you kicked
her she's mad at you
alright guys leave me comment give me a
look give me a topic whatever your topic
is I'll rap about it yeah I'll do like a
25 minute video where I rap about every
topic all right you guys let me hope you
have fun hang with us okay
I'll see you guys later bye yeah how was
your cameo I got my inner Barney on no
give it away what
