do the Harlem shake Mirror Mirror Man
Man Man Man Man Man Man well I'm gonna
be doing it honey I know you don't
Harlem shook out the black outta me
we just did a Harlem shake video cuz you
guys have been requesting it like crazy
and you know what fuck it I never do
these gimmicky things but fuck it let's
do it
you know fan fuck but you know it's not
a typical Harlem shake video we got well
I don't wanna give it away but we got my
mom and they're doing something nasty
we got me getting covered in something I
needed not my own damn black guys out
there yeah unicorn is in it doing
something um Drake Bell was supposed to
be in it but he flaked so you know what
he could have came and took a chance off
it screaming oh no I'm sure he's busy
doing something with Drake with Bay with
himself you know I watched Victoria now
we got my man oh oh oh what we're not
even gonna talk about what you made me
do no we're not we're not giving it away
let's just say they're gonna kick me out
of the church they've already kicked you
out of the church goodbye my new church
um how do you feel like your performance
I think it was gonna fart Jenny punching
a baby is always don't give it away
pretend like you said punching a dog
punching a dog that's a lot less
shocking um we had a we had my uncle
giving a big cameo hey how was your
cameo I got my inner Barney on no give
it away
what man I should preferences by saying
people should not be giving away what
they do in the video he meant what he
meant what he didn't mean that he was
boring he meant that he loves let's just
say no no you know believe it in fuck it
now we had Lauren not in it because she
was too scared to be a hit
I mean you you could have been in it you
had the chance but no no you could have
you could have done the Harlem shake
you're black enough question of the day
where do this Harlem shake things start
and do you know what it is because I
feel like it's taking over and I don't
get it
listen I made a video but I don't get it
I think it's funny because you know I
have my family's doing crazy shit but I
don't I don't understand why it's funny
do you want to share why it's funny I
should I kick so that's a question the
day well also what does it mean is like
Harlem shake v2 v3 is that version 2
version 3 should Miami versions virgin
69 I mean I don't really know
should it be version 6 6 6 cuz she
produced it I just called you the devil
you know I got it I'm staring at you all
right you guys
oh so that video is gonna go up this
Saturday I can't wait for you to see it
I'm gonna go edit it right now and clean
this out of my hair and this is a
one-take vlog y'all I haven't done one
of these ever celebration dance you like
what you see love one thing the full
house theme song that can only mean one
thing
I'm not wearing any pants okay too thick
