what does that mean really if she's
saying let me ride your bicycle is that
insinuating that he has some sort of
banana seat because I don't have a
banana seat I definitely have a baby
carrot seat what's up you guys yes today
we are analyzing music and analyzing the
radio and every station I go to is let's
see Bruno Mars Bruno Mars Bruno Mars
Bruno Mars Bruno Mars Kelly Clarkson
Bruno Mars so basically it's all black
people and I know what you're saying
Kelly Clarkson is white uh yeah but she
can say so that makes you black
alright you guys today is a fun day um
well first of all I didn't film it but I
just went to the Apple Store because
Valentine's Day is coming and I got Lisa
a computer she really needs one and I
hope she's really surprised and I hope
she gives me a million kisses and then I
hope we get into a huge massive Rihanna
Chris Brown fight she throws at my face
we got to keep our relationship
interesting you know also I'm on my way
to Lauren's right now because we are
starting to pitch the movie so as you
guys know I've been pitching the talk
show and that's still going well right
now we're going to start pitching a
movie that I want to direct this year
and I don't want to like tell too much
about what it's about because I don't
want somebody to steal the idea because
that has happened before precious was my
idea okay that was the story of my life
mine is having a baby by my dad who
raped me but everything else was the
same but the movie is a teen horror
comedy and basically it's kind of like
the story of a bunch of kids who get
trapped in a high school and that's
that's all I could say so it's gonna be
really fun and really scary and really
cool so today is the first meeting we
have a bunch of meetings about it trying
to find somebody who wants to make it
somebody wants to give me money yeah
it's basically like I'm a homeless
person and I'm like hey spare change but
instead of spare change I'm like hey a
million dollars so it's gonna be an
interesting day and then I think me and
Lauren are gonna take a road trip to
Walmart because smiley just came out on
DVD y'all my fucking face is on a DVD
cover it's crazy so it's gonna be a fun
day now let me ride your bicycle
seriously what does that mean I don't
know happy Valentine's Day
Happy Valentines turn new it
I got a computer not for you that for me
I definitely walked up to her door with
it it's my friend's house and her mom
was like we have a pool table and I
thought why are we that first of all
you're not helping a lesbian remember
second of all why would you be excited
about a pool table
I don't great well no this friendly sir
although this is mine
you keep keeping all of my DVDs I know I
have like 17 party of five DVDs oh hell
I'm about that what are you talking
about I don't want to so today we're
very excited let's talk about this for a
second let's talk about what I mean
first of all that looks like me wearing
the same thing same ass and then that's
you
you clearly have bellybutton hair what
is that you had a ring girl when they
said you like I think I'll put a ring on
it
I am gross now I have a weird like thing
that collect life is so good stuck in it
we don't want to leave them out
we don't want it does that's the
grossest thing I remember like all right
well great we're gonna start today oh
I'm sorry I'm working oh sorry
export working all right on the count of
three you have to say who you are how
you know me and who your favorite NSYNC
members go and sing oh okay or actually
let's change it to one direction because
they're popular now I never kind of okay
one two three go hi my name is Colin
Mona shame through Skype for about 15
minutes
that sounds really creepy but you might
wanna add in old newspapers hi my name
is Colin I'm from a news publication and
called Fox News about Sterlite yeah and
and I've known Sheehan for about 17
minutes
Scott is described and my favorite One
Direction member is Harry Styles you
don't know any of them do you that's the
only one you know
that's the only one I know I know
there's a Mexican one I know there's a
semi gay one well that's I mean that's
all of them and I know there's a hairy
one which one do you like
cuz I'm gay Harry yeah no um well so ok
so I just did this little article and I
answered questions and I said things I
probably shouldn't have said and I got
really emotional when is this gonna be
out and probably out now cuz he's go up
a couple things yet yeah probably all
now yeah what's the website and the
website is Marsh news go to you get em
Oh sh news go you get wow I like the way
you spell things
can you spell my name I just want to
hear you like a sketch sh e d8 w s o n I
want that to be like my ringtone s H ha
mi and ha it's like almost not English
but it isn't I like it guys say goodbye
in a new video hey guys yes the full
house theme song that can only mean one
thing I'm not wearing any pants okay two
things something good happen and I'm
celebrating um so you guys I can't
really go into detail and I don't want
to because I don't want to jinx anything
and um I'm very excited but guys we're
gonna make a movie we're gonna corner
we're gonna make a movie I mean act
excited whatever corny you're not in a
movie anymore so it's gonna happen guys
it's gonna happen I don't know why I
don't know what what happened today I
don't know like if God was just like in
a good mood or if he was just like
covered his eyes and he's like uh that's
gonna happen but it happened so
hopefully we start filming this
motherfucker soon so I could vlog the
shit out of it and uh oh my god there's
so much to do oh my god I got a I got a
call Hilary Duff and beg her to be in it
I gotta go to gym and lose like 50
pounds so that I could take my shirt off
in it I got a big Miley Cyrus to use the
rights to all of her music for it I mean
there's so much
to do I just wanted to tell you guys
because you guys are the first people to
know I haven't even told my mom yet but
I'm really excited this is cool I mean
listen it could still fall through I got
everything crossed but it looks like
it's going to happen
somebody said yes finally thank God so
here's a cool question of the day
because it's also a contest give me a
sentence explaining who you are in your
school or if you're not in school
anymore who were you like are you the
nerd are you the jock or your
cheerleader and also tell me what you'd
like to do in school
like did you like to read did you like
to have sex did you like to do drugs did
you like to do art kind of explain to me
who you were in high school because I'm
trying to get inspired for this movie I
want to know who you guys are so when
making the movie I can tailor it to you
guys and I'm going to randomly select a
couple of you guys that I think have
some good answers and you guys are going
to come and get a little walk-on role in
the movie now Lauren does not know about
this this might not happen I'm gonna
make it happen if you live in like
Jamaica it might be a problem I don't
know if I can afford that but who cares
I'm gonna figure it out so I love you
guys so much I hope you had fun hanging
with us I'd fun hang with you
I mean corny we'll see you tomorrow
that's all good and well you look happy
when I'm gonna stop I'm stop oh my god
maybe mary-kate and Ashley can be the
movie they could play the killers they
don't even need to wear masks I'll see
you guys haha alright I'll see you later
corny don't do anything I wouldn't do
so when I come home you better be
wearing a wig and a dress and making a
video bye
