that dress is fabulous that dress is a
hot mess I had that dress hey what's up
you guys yes I'm practicing right now
because I'm going to this Grammy
pre-show thing I'm sitting at a table
and I'm talking shit about what
celebrities are wearing although I
shouldn't be talking look what I'm
wearing a cowboy shirt and a lesbian
jacket actually to step up for my
lesbian vest or is it a step down
question of the day corny is very
depressed because she cannot come I know
you love The Real Housewives of Beverly
Hills and you really want to meet her so
one of the housewives is gonna be there
my mom is freaking out she just sent me
a picture to show her check it out
so she wants me to show that to her
favorite housewife that's gonna be
awkward
so I think it's me one of the housewives
and a couple other people so I don't
really know what's going on I don't know
if it's gonna be on TV or on the
internet or just there but it should be
fun
so I'm about to do that and I'm leaving
corny alone for the first time not in
her crate she's just gonna be hanging
out alone corny what did I tell you
about having parties have a lot of
parties I love parties I want to get
high all right I'll see you later corny
don't do anything I wouldn't do so when
I come home you better be wearing a wig
and a dress and making a video by
yourself hey what's up guys I'm in the
elevator I just did the show I didn't
tape anything during it because people
there didn't really understand what
blogging was so I didn't want to freak
them out but we took a picture here it
is
me in between three weaves it was a
dream come true all right so I'm on my
way back home everybody's going to
Grammy parties I'm going home to eat
Chinese food on the couch and watch
Walking Dead with Lisa Mike glamorous
life so I wanted to talk a little bit
about the show since I couldn't vlog it
I might as well explain what went down
so first of all I get there way too
early and I kind of sit around and I'm
just like talking to all the producers
and then you know I say so are we
allowed to like you know talk shit about
celebrities and he's like no so at that
point I was like check then the other
panelists start coming in so we had a
girl from a show called Vanderpump rules
we had one of the housewives and we had
a singer named Stacy Jackson and then we
had the host and it was interesting
here's the thing
I don't know how to explain what I do to
strangers especially strangers who were
in Hollywood because this is usually how
the conversation goes so what do you do
oh um I make videos on the internet like
porn no not like porn like um like funny
videos like like cat videos no no I mean
I have a cat and I filmed her but it's
not like cat videos it's like like
comedy sketches so like porn it usually
goes a little something like that so I
need to figure out how to explain it to
people anyways we get inside of the room
but we all sit down on the couch first
of all I sit down next to one of the
women and I guess because I'm so fat I
sunk into the couch a little bit and it
made her move it she went whoa rule
number one bitch when somebody with
weight issues sits down on the couch
next to you don't act like there's a
fucking earthquake but she was sweet
anyways we start doing the show we start
talking about celebrities and listen I
slipped I know I wasn't supposed to talk
shit but come on Beyonce showed up with
a fucking tot not on her head and I may
have said that it was something that
Chris Brown could use to grab her and
throw her across the room I'm just
stating the facts people and then of
course everybody on the panel was into
fashion why was I there I don't fucking
know do I look like I know about fashion
so of course Rihanna shows up and I say
she looks like Tyra because her hair was
pulled back in her forehead was like
boom and the girls on the panel thought
that was a compliment
they're like she does look like Tyra
girl if somebody says you look like Tyra
you need to slap that bitch is it not a
compliment so all in all it was fun
everybody was
there was lots of uncomfortable
conversation there was almost lots of
weave snatching and there was definitely
a lot of me clogging up the toilet from
my diarrhea because I always get nervous
before I go on it was a good night
corny oh are you watching the Grammys
are you obsessed with Justin Timberlake
and Justin Bieber and that gay black guy
that it just found out about Frank Ocean
doing the king of sad dance the Grammys
yes I know no this is not the rezzie's
this is not this is the grandest -
Easter Florine oh I hope you mean carly
rae japchae at were performing that
would be amazing so we're gonna go get
some food I'm gonna tell Lisa all about
my hot mess of a night she's gonna tell
me about her hot mess up at night and
then we're gonna have a hot messy food
in front of walking dead I mean
technically if Britney Spears is at the
Grammys is Walking Dead thank you so we
were just leaving dinner and we had a
little surprise in our food oh my god I
had a caterpillar in my food ah the sad
part was I feel like it was half alive
like it had cooked half of its little
caterpillar brain not gonna lie I like
held down the vomit the whole dinner I
kept thinking well here's the thing I
pretended to hold down the vomit and
then two seconds later I start eating
and eating it a force that was even more
than before the bug so I'm getting ready
for Walking Dead your stomach is
prepared now I'm still conscious but
that's okay well hopefully we both barf
Oliver corny yay but instead of eating
my brain she licks my butthole and wakes
me up early in the morning by running
around my pillows like this no no no
sound but so we just finished watching
any Walking Dead and it was fun um that
shows a little confusing now not
confusing it's just like all too much
for me I'm a little over it and I'm
still gonna watch it
I feel about American Idol I mean
American Idol has gotten a little weird
I feel like not to be racist but every
contestant is black and I feel like
Mariah Carey is an alien who's dead
inside even though I love her she has
nothing to say ever and Nicki Minaj is
surprisingly funny which I don't want to
like that but I do and I hate myself for
it so question of the day are you
watching Walking Dead if so what do you
think do you like it you hate it are you
over it are you obsessed with it do you
not care about it
alright you guys hope you have fun hang
with me - hang with you and I listen
your tomorrow say buddy zombie puppy or
sniff around don't give a shit look at
your invisible friends and start licking
your pussy I'm gonna start calling you
amanda Bynes
you guys look ha try doggy style in
front of the window
