I like that song a lot better when
Taylor Swift did it it was definitely
easier to sing along - what can't you
see you belong with me whoa
that one hurt hey guys yes I am warming
up as you guys know I'm still working on
that song fuck up today is the final day
we're going in to do finishing touches
on it you know Lauren we might have to
change her out for somebody else you
know her voice just wasn't really
fitting that's the Hollywood Way of
saying that bit soon but before we do
that we're going to go back to my
apartment and talk about smiley because
we're gonna do some interviews I guess
because smiley is now out on DVD and
video on demand and shit so I'm gonna do
some interviews about smiley and then I
think I'm gonna be eating corney's puss
but I do that every day just not on
camera this will be a first also a quick
update I'm really excited guys things
are kind of rolling through on the talk
show the production company that I liked
likes the idea they want to do it so now
we're gonna start pitching it again and
hopefully one of the networks will want
to do it it's such a long process and
it's very very straining and crazy and
makes me want to kill myself but you
know what hopefully in the end it'll be
worth it and I will be a drunk 40-year
old bitter blonde woman just like
Chelsea Lately or I'll be a vest wearing
lesbian who laughs at her own jokes
just like Ellen DeGeneres either way I'm
gonna be a woman it's gonna be great
lesbian minds think alike
no you're the lesbian look at those
shoes wait let's guess whose shoes are
whose you would probably think the
smaller ones would be Lauren's but I
think those are mine big mama JAMA thief
little lady fingers so how's corny doing
quite obsessed oh good she keeps like
literally specifically going on my code
and like going boy pee on it like she
did she never pees on the couch but what
she saw you that's a pee spot yeah
that's true you know what everybody who
sees you has a bodily reaction like I
throw up
corny peas I'm sure your boyfriend like
shoots himself and then blood comes out
that's bodily fluids dang himself little
puppy style you wish you had a dog Cory
you don't love her don't love her
nobody's allowed to love her no hey guys
it's Lindsay and Dena oh my god why you
look just like her after we're in the
car on the way to go get Lauren her
third meal of the day not in the and one
hour she's literally been like eating
non-stop like you thought at first she
comes over with chocolate on her face
then she shoves like a mound of chips
before she leaves her house then we get
to the restaurant she eats a huge bowl
of soup and tuna and then we - no it
smell like tuna but that must have in
your breath and then we come back home
and she's like I'm starving
oh you already ate five times you're
like a cat you're like a you're like a
baby we did a lot of thinking guys I did
I did some interviews for smiling oh my
god it was a nightmare because all the
questions were the same and I like I'm
not very creative so I was just like
yeah it was fun it was great it was fun
it was great it was fun it was great it
was like a fucking whore check it out
it's in Walmart
and the whole time she's just in the
background it's very true so now we're
gonna go get here some food fatten this
bitch up
guess who got you did you can't speak a
mouthful of fries she got it excited to
re-record your vocals yes and people
think that you did great thank you you
guys thank you so much all right me
trying out for x-factor soon you need to
like break one of your legs off or
something I'm so blessed and I'm like
they do a whole thing they follow people
who trap for who I follow like people
who are like Chris Hansen let me go
uncle s not going to prison
hashtag loving touch you're not
aren't you guys we just finished the
song is complete everybody yay it took
about two hours cuz I was like no I hate
that no I sound terrible no I sound gay
yeah I sound gay yeah that's too gay
I still sound gay but it's like it's
like it's a little less gay it's like
Justin Bieber gay by the way I heard of
Justin Bieber song the other day and he
sounded super gay how come nobody talked
about how gay he sings everybody talks
about how gay I sing it was like oh like
he sounded like that was good that was
good to be with like Lennon whatever me
and him we're just super gay play the
country part let's give them the
country's neat preview Lauren I'd like
you to roll your shoulders to this far
but guess what
that's it
sneak peek over just so you guys know
the song is based on Lauren's life one
day you'll change but til then your
fuckup
question of the day what not that I'm a
celebrity cuz I'm not but what celebrity
would you hate to work for I would hate
to work for Kelly ribbon Philly she
Rippa feel like she's in a nightmare
she's starving no who would you hate
awesome perfect not a celebrity I'll
take it just say Drake Bell he's like
the famous version of me
who would you hate to work for I don't
know okay what happened to Kelly Ripa I
when I was I woke up at 9:00 a.m. in a
meth slumber and I saw Kelly Ripa and
Tyler Perry hosting the show when did
Regis die and Tyler Perry replaced him
with the gap-toothed white elephant
all right guys hope you have fun with us
did you hear that then of course I have
the fat booth and Ageing booth which has
completely turned my entire family
