all right today's a day packing up and
getting ready to go to the Stanley Hotel
now obviously I have my necessities
candy root beer and no soap but I want
to be more prepared for the actual
ghosts so I want to do a little research
and see what we actually need all right
you ready to go go hunting no oh come on
it'll be fun talk to the dead
I mean I have excited this hotel looks
beautifully historic it looks scariest
fuck what are you talking about where's
your sister
Morgan like me okay so I want to be
really professional about this so I'm
just gonna Google ghost hunting
equipment
ooh I found a place near you paranormal
attractors of Colorado a little scared
isn't a bad thing that sentence doesn't
make sense
visit the room 217 page and watch the
Stanley Hotel ghost capture that's where
we're going right that's the room we're
staying in here's a short video of some
very compelling paranormal evidence wait
oh oh I saw
it was the bottom we slowed down the
clip oh my god
what do you think that was I mean it's
hard to tell if I experienced that in
real time for myself then I'll believe
but with editing the music and all of
this it's hard to believe that that was
real you're not invited to say oh my god
it really does that creepy wait is this
the room oh is this a five-star hotel no
that's gonna be you later I've seen that
retro that's like written all over the
place I don't know what it means in the
hotel it's murdered backwards
okay that's the equipment okay so we
make a list of what we need you know why
don't we need a big creepy Oh a digital
recorder a motion detector oh my god we
should get like one of those like
Christmas stuffed animals at Target that
like when you walk by it goes Merry
Christmas
oh yeah I like the Halloween bows like
slap your hands Oh a thermal camera okay
so basically that tells you like where
the cold spots are i'm lasergrid
christmas we could use one of those
fucking the lasers that beam at the
house we have one okay I think I know
where we can get all of these things
toilet we're gonna DIY ghost equipment
yeah there's nothing scarier than a good
deal
all right you ready to get some ghosts
Quitman yeah actually this is going to
be my favorite part mine because I love
DIYs what's our ghost hunting team name
he loves team names Angie's Alliance
Angie Angie Nader's good morning oh my
god that big white clump is me I what's
first on our list tape recorder ghost
walking through that design I love that
this has become a brandy one for me one
for you why would you need a headlamp
just to see the ghost of course you do
okay so we're back home getting things
ready and I want to show you something
take me to the darkest place in your
house what do you mean
come on in
wait wait why are you taking me in here
alright so you're looking at the screen
yeah it's just black right yeah already
yeah oh my god shut up
it's a night-vision camera oh my god
that is everything we're gonna see so
many ghosts or not you never know
okay is that the motion range poof that
is bright there's a test our voice
recorder entertains it goes the heat
sensor okay so this two texts when
there's cold spots and the colder it
gets that means it goes should we try it
on your haunted bathroom yeah okay so
what's the temperature right here right
here is seventy two point five and
that's pretty much accurate all the way
around the room and then going into the
haunted bathroom
like seven things different Wow my god
yeah is immediately seven degrees cooler
yeah this house is haunted alright
alright ready do some ghost-hunting
already
hi there's a Walmart break got some
snacks went to the bathroom and we are
almost at the Stanley Hotel by the way
haunted spots in the hotel supposedly
over the years every single room in the
hotel has experienced something strange
from close being mysteriously impact to
items moving on their own lights turning
themselves on and off the fourth floor
is often filled with spectra laughter of
children giggling and running down the
hall the concert hall another ghost that
likes to wander the hall is Lucy Lucy
was that you you willing to come out and
let us know that you're around when
Ghost Hunters come she likes to play
with them when she communicates by using
the flashlights room 217 mrs. Wilson is
apparently old-fashioned she doesn't
like it when unmarried guests shack up
together so some couples have reported
filling a cold force in between them not
only are we not married we are two guys
so if Miss Wilson's old-fashioned is not
gonna go well
okay we are only one mile away little by
God
oh there's McDonald's so oh thank god
historic Stanley Hotel oh my god oh my
God look at that's honestly looks
beautiful
oh there
my errands
I'm stuck here oh my god you've been
waiting your whole life are you ready
have you ever been there no she has
always wanted to go there she's begged
this over and over time and time again
oh I'm so ready oh oh my god it really
does look creepy when you get closer to
it oh my god wait
that's the concert oh my god that looks
like demon eyes that looks like your
dresser
okay we just ran into somebody what's
your name
Corrine okay so you're staying here
right yeah and you said you had an
experience mm-hmm
so I was on the ghost tour last night
and I was in the MacGregor room okay
and right here a lady actually caught a
photo yeah and she said another one of
the ghosts his name is Eddie he messes
electronics a lot and he had a good time
when he took it he didn't notice
anything but overnight he started
feeling sick the next morning he looked
at the photo again and sure enough there
was the silhouette now that's spooky
we're checking in so 217 doesn't have an
extra bed in it but they said that they
could give us another haunted room that
we could have somebody stashed
give us a list for 18 ghosts cowboy
watches you in your sleep
leans over you like sleeping okay let's
take it hey do you want to haunted rooms
no one will be good
wait the fourth floor so most haunted
one right have you ever seen anything on
the fourth floor or heard anything I
personally haven't know but I have my
friends have got pictures
okay sir didn't you see this this isn't
our lunch building okay where is it
that's not is that real
do you see the woman in the middle is
that real
sure up so I'm one of my colleagues what
a person people I live with but I
picture in the lodge at the table
service
alright guys we'll come back to the
staircase later but for now let's take
this elevator and hope that blood
doesn't come out of it
are the Samba dead people
this is the hallway where the kid was on
the bike did you really yeah that means
Ghost activities happening is that it oh
my god oh my god wait what is that
little room oh my god laser setup
Oh
