guy I am freaking the fuck out right now
okay first of all let me explain why
this is happening
talking to my friend the other day about
goldmax books and when I was a kid all I
fucking wanted was a blueberry aisle now
most of you guys watching probably have
no idea what the fuck I'm talking about
but like back in the day this was the
shit all the fucking rich kids have them
at everybody on TV had one I'm pretty
sure lady McGuire headline and of course
the bitch air woods wood now I wanted
this fucking laptop so bad
but it's most of you guys know I grew up
very poor so we do not afford computers
we had a lot of beams so then I thought
oh my god what the fuck am i doing I
should go to ebay and find my fucking
dream computer from some random person
in the middle of the country and the
computer probably won't even fucking
work but I don't care well I found a
blue berry clamshell I was generation 3
it was like $50 I am Sarika I'm shaking
now the box is open I have not looked
inside my friends looks advisor opened
it made sure everything was like there
but I have not seen it I am warning you
I am going to cry okay okay here we go
whoo I'm like already of all my
childhood dreams are about to come true
fuck all right here we go oh my god I
feel it oh my god I feel it I've never
even seen one in person okay oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm not
looking at I look at a wall like I will
look at all the look
I'm getting crying right now yeah okay
you do not understand I literally used
to dream of this computer I used to go
to bed and I'm step fucking dream about
what it would be like to fucking open
that bitch up and get my fat fingers on
it and now like that fingers are eater
okay okay all right first of all I love
you I'm going to ignore all the
scratches impossible booger marks okay
let's flip her over
Oh oh my god what is this
oh the convenience max what happened you
haven't lost your touch because this is
the shit you can just carry your fucking
laptop around you don't even need a
laptop case you just carry this shit you
know this is durable look at this shit
this is 85 pounds there is no way this
would ever break okay
here let me I want to give you guys a
better view of this okay so here's what
it looks like from the top oh my god
when did I become a fucking unboxing
jail I don't care bitch I'm so excited
okay let's open her up oh my god okay oh
she think he or she is oh my god oh my
god this looks really good this looks
new oh my god I mean you know she's got
a crack she get a little fucked up head
but the body's good oh my God look at
the little eye book is that the speaker
oh my god okay so in the box there's
also the power cord move okay first of
all what literally what my guru is the
makeup kit I mean we have a makeup kit
we have a perk which I'm a businesswoman
on the go
how does this work with that does that
work
um she does tricks um Apple mission and
very useful why is all of this more
useful than Apple is now my fuckin power
cord for my laptop now it's tangled up
and probably killing my fat and this
comes with us fucking table above us
wheels
Apple what happened okay let us plug
this in I'm just trying to find where
the plug would be okay can we really
quick talk about that situation hi
people under the age of 25 back in the
day we have to plug our computers into a
fucking of phone cord into the wall you
know how long it took to watch one porn
video that's where it took me so long to
figure out I was buying it took three
fucking years to load one gay porn video
alright I think this is it oh it's great
do you see that no hold on we'll just
trust me a shit lit out oh my god
fucking cryogen look oh my God look who
is she oh my god I'm like emotional and
this is embarrassing
it's not even like I got like a new car
I got a fifty dollar laptop but it just
means so much to me oh my god okay
alright I'm so excited but they tear you
up what are those what are those oh my
god wait what what oh my god is that the
background okay what is that though
where's the brightness up okay she
doesn't have that it's okay well let's
turn up the volume of Sheen got that
either all right no no yes she does
oh we go there there are there there
there's a brightness okay she got that
oh wow she got that old-school
brightness oh my god
oh my god browse the internet mail quick
time registered now bitch trash what is
that that's like a moon energy saver
okay that's cute
what is that I was CD Oh bitch oh she
had to drive okay we're gonna stop
without a minute boo okay let's go up
the file
oh my god look at the fucking Gay Pride
Apple she was so ahead of her time file
new folder all right
oh there she is or little folder what
should we put in her Oh
oh my god we are gonna fill her up with
so much porn oh my god remember when the
little exes were little boxes oh my god
this is fucking me up look at the trash
can
that is so cute let's within this trash
office installer I was hoping would be
something from the last owner just like
a bunch of pictures of dead body
he's like nobody will ever find this in
my clam shells okay so I'm gonna try to
find like a program or something I have
no idea how to do that
Oh file open oh oh speech oh my god okay
let's make her say something she laughs
wait what oh did you hear that literally
one of the voices is called a hysterical
oh my god wait oh my god there's so many
wow there's a lot bad news I like that
fuck you alright let's see what else you
got calculator control panel that's
where we can change our background oh my
god oh that's right you can change the
font
let's techno ooh okay don't like that
whose sand you what is that why would
you want everything on your computer to
look like a fourth-grade project with
Chicago yeah bitch old school okay
desktop there's so many oh wait they're
mine literally all the same why are
these all the same oh oh here we go
okay I'm not loving any of these all
right let's just move on sound who theme
does that mean bubbles whoo that's fun
I'll get out of here what else do we got
Internet access well we can't do that
what's scrapbook fuck me when I make my
youtube banner does this look good
is there other pictures just a casual
dart but a light bulb
whoo fuck that's actually me okay now -
except this shit sucks what would I do
with this I'll drag it what does that do
oh now I have it whenever I want
okay I think we should try the CD
dressed okay so I literally don't have
CDs because it's 2017 but I do have free
here's glory by the way this CD is good
don't come for me I suppose open up put
in our glory yes I think it's this oh my
god all right here we go
oh my god it's gonna work what if it's
like Bop too futuristic wait I hear her
ooh sounds like shit oh my god that's
how you pick a trap well that's kind of
everything though that fucking purple
has light bitch yes
I'm sorry I'm trying to process this
people used to listen to music Lisa's
like girls will come home from school
with their squad and be like with bustin
beef girl doesn't our boys on the canoe
yeah ignore that crunch that crunch in
her throat no what could be dropping it
better this computer is ruining my
Britney Spears CD and on man she's
trashing my Bop
alright let's take out the CD how do we
eject it okay what else what's left to
do what hold on wait there's more oh my
god there's like World Book whatever
that is they're stickers which look just
like the ones that they still have I
mean Tokyo it's found a kid I would put
that on my fucking backpack the pictures
wouldn't be ready okay this is iBook oh
my god
Oh once you said your eyes follow the
on-screen guide you set up an internet
account oh my god come on look at their
example of a website butterfly a society
knew that's what the internet used to be
before with kids making slime it teaches
you how to type look at that it
literally says like yeah don't do that
you don't ask do that did they cost
typing class in school and I eighty
years old
alright let's put in this world a book
I'm curious to see what's a good
yes it start up wow this looks boring
okay yeah whatever
1998 Oh media is there any video this is
very confusing that's it the letter a
damn around the world okay we got a map
time frame history oh fuck its lacks is
that it is this literally just the
letter a is real wait there's more what
is this another map fuck okay I just put
in the other disk and it says there's a
movies so I guess so it's just quick on
one oh my god what what later oh my god
oh my god it's working huh oh my god oh
my god on July 16th 1969 astronauts Neil
Armstrong Edwin Aldrin jr. and Michael
Collins blasted off from Cape Kennedy
Wow I can't board though what else to
make the Hubble Space Telescope is an
orbiting observatory here okay that's
boring - is there anything not about
space okay yeah that's boring - do they
have friends oh that's gonna be boring
as fuck oh I like that
oh oh fuck me oh my god
how is that not a meme hold on when I
heard glory for the first time okay I
think I'm done with that let's try to
open the internet it's definitely not
gonna work oh my god look at the fucking
page okay let's look at that history
though nothing favorites Disney online
the fuck on this alright well that's
kind of it but one last thing I just
want to say that these keys are so
comfortable I'm about to give you some
ASMR be
you hear that can you feel that that is
so much more satisfying than the current
keyboards we have also this mouse with
this pickle
yes bitch I loved it this is beautiful
we're gonna go just witnessed a dream
coming true I cannot believe that I own
one of these I can't believe that I
wanted one so bad good now that I
playing with it um like she goes do much
like she tells you about space and she
spots up your favorite song but she's
pretty myself and others I know I'm
really excited this is amazing I can't
believe it
and it's just so crazy how far
technology has come this was like 1999
2000 ish and what are we 17 18 years
later and literally our laptops are so
different which is kind of crazy because
I'm like what's that going to be like in
17 more years are we gonna look back at
our current laptops to be like bitch
photobooth
that's cute I have a pop vrg porn is
going to get it's going to be literally
like putting in a CD and then Britney
Spears comes in sings it very well
she comes in performs it well I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I had a lot of
fun I kind of want to do more of these I
also ordered on eBay the first iPod ever
it hasn't come yet and very very excited
to that if you want that video give me a
thumbs up so I know and also return it
subscribe to my channel right down below
need to notification bells I make new
videos every day
and I will see you little iBook
clamshell tomorrow myspace is on there
like I literally have no idea where it
is capable but I don't care I love you
time to go see mom
Oh
