let's have a sensual night guys
light a candle listen to a little music
dress our puppies up like slutty
grandmothers let's make this a night
we'll never forget what are we doing I
already forgot I'm so boring and I'm
very unsexy listen guys I've tried okay
I've tried to be a sexy youtuber it just
doesn't work no matter how many times I
shower I look like this I don't even own
a sexy candle this one smells like
waffles and no matter how many times I
cut my toenails they still grow like
eight inches a night don't hate me
because I'm beautiful so instead of
doing something sexy let's do something
very nerdy I was watching iJustine I
just came out I'm saying and I saw that
she was doing a what's on my phone tag
which I'm pretty sure she made up
because the only person that gives a
fuck about what's on a phone is I just
eat so let's see what's on my phone
we'll start with the picture which is me
and Josh Peck haha one of the best days
of my life and probably one of the most
uncomfortable weirdest days in his life
we'll be friends forever alright let's
go inside of my phone god this is very
exciting guys sit down so on the front
page of my phone I have my contact list
my messages my music a folder that I
call useful which inside of that is just
like you know Google Maps iTunes how to
make chloroform
Stephanie daily and then here I have a
little folder called social and that's
just where like my Twitter and my
facebook and stuff is I also have a
Craigslist app so I can find out where
all the nearest game pings are but you
can also do on Twitter if you just put
hashtag gangbanged like they all pop up
just little advice you're not going to
get from iJustine on the second page we
have newsstand which is where all my
books are that would be empty that's a
lie I had a Liz McGuire book in there
and then I got rid of it because of this
video and now I just told you about it
and I have a folder called fun now this
is where everything is I have a whole
shitload of games I have a mega run
which I don't know if you've ever played
this before but it's this little red oh
sorry that's my ringtone when Shana
calls it's very jungle themed mega run
is this little like red
herpy that runs and then you have to
make sure the Herbie jumps over other
STDs it doesn't catch them and then if
you win your herpe gets bigger which is
the opposite of life that would be
losing so as you can see there's my
little hurt bee and he's jumping and he
just died
if getting rid of herpes was only that
easy then I have the spider-man game
which sucks I have cut the rope which is
very annoying it's a game where this
little booger is hungry and it wants you
to feed it a lot of these games involve
like bodily fluids
I should have these in my social folder
then oh this is very exciting I have an
app in here that I kind of told you guys
about this is just like the first demo
of it I'm making these sound board apps
which is like all my characters and you
can click on different phrases and print
call your friends or whatever so I have
a couple Sheneneh ones right now such as
you know just in case you want to say
maybe your friends I wrote bad so that
app should be out pretty soon for you
guys I'm excited about it and then I
also have ghost radar now I use this a
lot this is a ghost searching app it
looks like this very scientific and it's
supposed to show you where the ghosts
are in your house like a little dot will
pop up and then the ghost starts talking
to you once again very scientific I
don't think there's any ghosts in here
guys oh there's one that's one that's a
ghost it's ghost and it just said a word
what'd it say it said second wow that
has no meaning well that was a waste of
money good thing I have two of them
let's see what this one says what a
surprise
nothing then of course I have the fat
booth and Ageing booth which has
completely turned my entire family and
friends against me why because I made
Lisa look like this
ah she looks like she should be on
strange addictions for like I'm addicted
to eating all of my pets and I don't
want a change then I have a little
folder called crap and inside of that is
stocks whether in photos obviously I
couldn't give a fuck about anything
happening in the real world then the
last folder I have is called utilities
and I don't even know what the fuck is
in here there's a calculator a compass
and then I have reminders this is where
it tells me like all the parties I have
coming up all the events I have coming
up all the exciting things in my life
yep Jen t-thanks reminders you reminded
me that I'm a fucking loser who makes
videos in my apartment all alone
high-five and that's pretty much it my
phone's pretty boring um I do have
Surrey who hates me Surrey do you love
me let me get back to you on that Surrey
what's my name
you're Shane but since we're friends I
get to call you big fat motherfucker
that is not what friends do Surrey
I found six appointments don't you
change the subject bitch I know what you
called me good god are you saying I have
a fat butt no comment so there you go
that's everything in my phone and
everything in my phone sucks and half of
the stuff in my phone is embarrassing
and the other half hates me
my phone is just like the world so
question of the day what is the most
embarrassing thing you have in your
phone I guess I don't really have
anything embarrassing in my phone except
for the fact that I have no life and the
fact that the only text messages I get
everyday or from my mom and they're
usually things like hey I'm watching The
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills tonight
what you doing
what's even more embarrassing I have to
lie and pretend like I'm doing something
that's more interesting than that which
I am NOT alright you guys I love you I
will see you tomorrow thanks for hanging
with me hope you have fun I had fun hang
with you and I will see you tomorrow bye
that was kind of sexy right we're gonna
all get together and yeah she's taught
me stuff you're gonna lift weights on
tiny chat
