only my mom would leave on Kelly
Clarkson for the docks I got home she's
not here and the dogs are just winning
you're like uh Kelly Clarkson won't stop
we know you're strong bitch I know
you're definitely more of a Justin
Guarini fan so me and Lee sir here hi hi
you kind of look like Kelly Clarkson
today like behind these hazel eyes days
you know Janna remember she was like
blond it was like skinny and she was
like angry and hated every guy in the
whole world like you so we are dropping
corny off because what some errands to
do today and my mom wanted to come over
for a playdate with all the bitches
Courtney looks terrified as she should
be
so my mom should be here pretty soon
we're gonna hang out here for a minute
and then we're gonna go I just work you
know what I mean just work dick and
before I get a million comments about my
hair looking like shit
it's a fucking weekend okay I'm tired I
don't want to do it I mean you kind of
did yours you Avril did it means you
just like you didn't really want to do
it but you had to do it cuz your
managers like Jimi could do it Admiral
this is a Good Morning America and she's
like but I'm wasted
all right so mom just got back from
Target yes so show everybody what you
got do a mom haul oh okay well you know
I went on tiny chat yesterday and I
shared how I am motivated to get in
shape and all these things I've been
putting off so pedometer you need to do
10,000 steps a day which is five miles
so I'm probably doing four steps now so
I need help
perfect okay and okay now I know these
look kind of fancy but oh yeah I mean
whoa that's I mean you're like the
fanciest with those but the little short
one seemed heavier I know you're saying
so one of my little tiny chatters
yesterday is into lifting weights okay
so we're gonna all get together
yeah she's taught me stuff okay that's
what you're gonna lift weights out
tinychat yes yes
so I'm motivated I told Lisa I'm going
back to school I'm gonna get like a
degree in nutrition and I'm doing it all
right
that's good that's good the theme of the
day I'm doing it I'm doing it man oh God
oh oh I can't even
oh god I'm stuck Shh she's sleeping hey
guys so we're back home well Lisa's gone
she had to go do something else but I'm
back home corney's dead asleep my mom
knocks her out I don't know what they do
over at that house I'm guessing there's
a lot of dancing a lot of barking and a
lot of peanut butter
no I'm saying so I'm about to go to the
gym um and just get my workout on
because I'm trying to write a video
right now and I need some inspiration
and usually sweating and complaining and
hating my life for about 30 minutes
makes me think of a video okay obviously
she's hating your life too corny I'll be
back okay it's just I don't want you
wandering this house while I'm gone
you'll find all my toys and my toys look
a lot like your toys trust me I've
shipped a bone up there before it
doesn't feel good so really quick before
I go I just want to show you guys this
I've been meaning to show you so as you
guys know I have a peel box and you guys
send me some letters and stuff and one
really touched me and I just want to
give her a little shout out it's hanging
up on our Billiton board because I loved
it so much her name is Cameron and she
made sure to tell us that she is a girl
because I guess she thinks that she's
you know sexually ambiguous and you know
what I'm not gonna lie
she County is she got the prettiness of
a girl but she got the hardness of a man
don't forward a bitch so Cameron I love
you so much thank you for the letter and
thanks for telling me that I'm a totes
jelly Pickler gark what's even scarier
is I know what that means we got our own
language baby also we were at a
restaurant and I ran in a Miley Cyrus
again this is the second time I've ran
to her at this restaurant and this time
like she walked in and I didn't want to
bother her so I just kind of like didn't
say anything but I was like I wonder if
she saw the video I made saying I'm
sorry to her I wonder if she saw my
apology or maybe
she didn't and she's still mad at me or
is she mad at me does she even know who
I am it's just all these things go
through my head but if I see her for a
third time I'm going to go up to her and
I'm gonna say Miley I love you I am
sorry for making fun of you at one point
and I like your haircut
I probably won't say that because she'll
think I'm being sarcastic and then
she'll go what I probably hit me in the
face but then I could say I got my face
hit by Miley Oh what to do
although I did realize how hard it is to
be Miley Cyrus just going into a
restaurant this restaurant by the way no
paparazzi ever like nobody cares about
this restaurant the second she walks in
snap-snap it was crazy and I feel bad
for her so that sucks side note we had
the same waitress and the waitress set
told me what Miley ordered which is
exactly what I order we're like this
girl like this we both love our beans we
both love our sauces and we both love
sour cream on everything I feel like we
should hang girls night she's a girl
with a boy haircut I'm a boy with a girl
haircut I mean it's like perfect all
right let's go to the gym oh that's what
it's like to be my burp was it fun
did it smell like butthole I shouldn't
have I brushed my teeth two days ago
hey was it the guys yes I am back from
the gym I took a shower me and me or
Shane or just hanging out what's up
Shane hey Mira Jane how are you doing
I'm okay
fuck you just when I thought he was
starting to like me ah yes I just a
shower did my hair because I have to
film a quick video really quick at my
mom's house yes I mean it's just been
back and forth at my mom's house today
I'm sure she's gonna be sick of me
almost the sick of me as Lisa's getting
watch
she doesn't even know I exist she didn't
even say hi she doesn't care she assumed
I died
this is what I'm dealing with yes I'm
gonna go fund that video and then it's
time for bed guys I'm tired are you
tired
neither do i but we've got so much more
to go
that's why boons gets the bitches wet or
a hundred copies of Oregon Trail which
girl is trash okay let's look and stop
