all right so I just finished filming my
video and it went terrible and now I'm
gonna be opening some of your guys's p.o
box package is very excited hopefully I
don't hurt myself although I do have
this razor blade so anything is possible
all right this one is from Steven
Henning and it is in a box of a camera
which is my favorite thing when people
put things in boxes that they're not
it's like girl a camera girl nerds
although I love nerds so I'd be very
excited girl his cameras broken all
right let's open this up what though
 okay I'm about 99% sure this person
just sent me their trash or a hundred
copies of Oregon Trail which girl is
trash I give it let's look install
Macintosh disc one floppy disks floppy
disks in a comb that's covered in bugs
all right this crammed letter says open
e hey Shane put this SD card into your
computer and watch the video and then
there's a SD card
you know what Stephen I'm good last time
I got a cramp letter from a kid that
said open me I went to jail but thank
you so much I don't know what I'm gonna
do with all of these I don't know why
you have these but it was very
thoughtful thank you actually I don't
know I don't know if this was very
thoughtful either way I'll never forget
it all right this one is from Emily I
hope it's you CDs okay this one has a
card let's read it
y'all gave me farts be
giving me trash and farts y'all know me
too much shame here are some cookies me
and my sister made love Emily and
Tabitha oh my god cookies cookies and
farts it is like Christmas oh my god
they just went everywhere don't worry
I'll lead them off before I usually do
oh my gosh look at this an assortment I
know that they tell us not to eat food
in the mail but I am an emotional eater
and I am very depressed I'll save these
for later
oh there's two boxes oh oh she made all
of my characters it's my mom Asha Nene
cookie and she's sixty-nining with
another cookie all she's 6090 with my
Paris character yeah that makes sense
Ned sdz oh my god these are so cool well
you guys definitely made my day thank
you so much to any of you guys that send
me stuff in the peel box you don't have
to send me stuff I don't ask for stuff
but it's very thoughtful and sweet and
thank you guys stop sending me here
though I've been getting a lot of hair I
already got too much of it you know all
right you guys I'm gonna go hopefully
have fun hang with me - hang with you
did I do a question of the day question
of the day what is your favorite cookie
flavor mine is whatever this is mainly
because I like to eat myself all right
you guys I love you ah it's your time to
sing it's your time to make beautiful
music
ready practice ready
