oh yes I'm very excited I'm doing my
vocal warm-ups uh-oh
Drake getting ready getting my voice
warmed up I've been drinking hot hot hot
liquids all day you know what I'm saying
I'm talking my piss no I have not been
drinking piss although I heard that piss
is what makes your voice sound better
which made me think the Nicki Minaj is
why should be a lot better than it is so
I'm on my way to record finally the
fuckup song um last week you guys saw
that we were writing it and we kind of
like briefly recorded a little bit but
it was like not great and now I'm
actually gonna record it so I'm nervous
I'm excited and what's really exciting
about today is that Lauren will be
recording with me because there's like a
chorus part where there's gonna be a
bunch of people singing and Lauren is
gonna be a part of that she doesn't know
that yet but she will be a part of that
and Lauren is always terrified to sing
she always says she can sing I've never
heard her sing every time she tries to
sing she makes a joke out of it so I'm
really excited to see how this goes and
I think the songs gonna be good
excited Rock is a star ready is she
ready
how what kind of vocal warm-ups are you
doing you can't even do it your real
voice you can't even do a warm-up in
your real boy thank you you're gonna be
great I feel like we're walking to the
American Idol audition and I'm like
you're fat sad mom's like save my life
you're like oh I think she's gonna do
great Lauren has always been a very
talented singer she's always you know my
daughter and my husband got hit by a bus
and died five times and Lauren kept me
laughing the whole time with her singing
wait what I don't know okay just give me
like a little taste just sing like the
full house being song whatever happened
Sister Sister question of the day what's
your favorite theme song Sister Sister
Sister
what's that take the good you take the
bad no no you're doing the job no you
started kind of normal and then you went
into yeah this is gonna be terrible well
it's a group song so maybe we'll just
say you're like the crazy drunk aunt in
the group thanks Lauren it's almost your
time where did you go where are you it's
your time to sing it's your time to make
beautiful music
ready practice ready don't throw up that
ruined your voice just a skinny kid
getting real familiar with that
microphone what we're doing is making
you a star pretty much well we were
gonna we're gonna we're gonna do a group
but let's
come on Beyonce get up to the mic
- definitely more of a Kellie Pickler
she's crying
it was beautiful this beautiful throw
some auto-tune on that motherfucker
alright Lauren let's hear let's hear
your work so here it comes here it comes
ready right
what is going on with Justin Bieber I
mean like no is he like damaged you see
like going to prom see like is he like
sad to press this something to Gomez got
really I mean I wouldn't doubt it I mean
of course he is everybody in Hollywood
is especially Loren I mean you're not
really in Hollywood you're in YouTube
Hollywood yes so the question
weird dude question of the day but
second question today what the fuck is
wrong with Bieber
I think he's like is he what's going on
like is he like having like a breakdown
doesn't care all right on that note
hopefully you guys had fun hang with
those weird pinang with you I was at you
tomorrow
say bye Justin I'm so high right now I
it's Lauren Shane's personal assistant
no she's actually my producer but fuck
I'm gonna start calling her that
