don't bother me in corny we are sleeping
okay obviously I'm not asleep and this
little fucker is biting me why can't you
just stay still like all the other dead
bodies in my bed look hey what's up you
guys yes I could not sleep so I decided
why not come and talk to you guys well I
thought about that after I came out here
ate a piece of pizza watch like five
hours of Cake Boss
two hours of Project Runway and then
watching porn and buy porn I mean
Kitchen Nightmares going Ramsay I just
want you to bite on my dick and tell me
it's wrong for people who don't watch a
show you have no idea what I just said
and if you do watch that show you're
welcome and I know I'm wanting a Justin
Bieber shirt it's my sleeping shirt what
do you think we're thinking about that's
a question of the day and yes this is a
Sephora sleeping mask okay so why don't
we take off this sleeping mask do
something fun so I've been watching a
lot of Daily Grace lately I love her and
she likes to respond to viewer comments
and make fun of them I mean this is
perfect she's a fucking genius so I'm
going to steal her idea and I'm going to
read your guys's comments so I'm gonna
read some comments from my last video
which was I turned you gay jwk says
don't turn into Fred and stop posting
videos oh you mean don't turn into a
millionaire who has three TV shows on
television a guy who has like ten movies
on Netflix a guy who didn't have to
change his name to be famous even though
his last name is crow X shank please a
fucking wish Katie says I love Lauren
and Shane's friendship they're so funny
together I fucking hate that bitch so I
know my videos you're watching Katie j28
says hey everyone if you're looking on
how to do gymnastics go to my blog and
subscribe if you do I'll make a lot of
videos you're gonna get a lot of child
molester subscribers Jayde throw some my
way Christina asked what's your tiny
chat well Christina I don't have a tiny
chat considering I am NOT a
twelve-year-old girl or 54 year old
woman like my mom I actually did at the
time chat for a while but tiny chat took
it away from me because too many
children were giving naked on it and one
girl might have done a pole dance and I
might have enjoyed it Bree says Shane
Dawson talk show is like the best idea
ever I hope it gets picked up hey Bri do
you want to come with me to these
meetings because I feel like the
networks might not think it's the best
idea ever I feel like me going in there
going picture this it's going to be me
but there's gonna be a lot of wigs and
when we talk to celebrities but it's
going to be me and a bunch of wigs and
my sidekick is going to be my mom who's
going to be sitting on Twitter answering
questions completely high on pills and
the announcer of the show is going to be
the ghost of my dead grandma and then
once in a while I'll have a
twelve-year-old audience member pole
dance
wrap it up yeah am I not get maybe
rabbit says you have some seriously
girly eyelashes well rabbit you should
see my seriously girlie dick I don't
know what she's talking about taking it
yourself oh god those are beautiful oh I
hate being pretty jelly says Wow Shane
you act like a girl more than I do you
know what I have to say to that jelly I
don't know what the fuck you're talking
about
Kolak ad says I miss old Shane oh god
I'm not reading this guess what
technically I am old Shane cuz I'm 24
now and when I started I was fucking 18
that's young Shane young Shane who
didn't have to support his family who
just sat around all day and masturbated
in a Taco Bell you don't think I want to
be that Shane I really would love to be
that Shane but I can't because guess
what I'm a fucking grown-up now I got
grown-up shit I got grown-up problems I
got grown-up dick okay I'm still waiting
on that one but everything else is
growing up so next time you want to
leave a comment saying miss the old
Shane
guess what bitch I agree okay I'll read
the rest of it I'm sorry
I miss the old Shane hmm your girlfriend
is really pretty and funny everything
but she makes you act totally different
in your videos every video I click on
starts with her are you sure you're not
on her channel because I'm pretty sure
every video on my channel starts with me
Glen which I mean listen it's probably
not the best way to open a video I hate
backhanded compliments this is why I
shouldn't be reading these comments
especially on camera because I fucking
hate backhanded compliments it's like
one of my pet peeves add a lot of bit
sorry I'm getting off topic I have a lot
of pet peeves backhanded compliments are
one of them like what people are like
your hair looks so good today like so
much better than last time I saw you
that's what I'm about to slap a bitch
another thing I hate is when fat people
look at people eating food and go huh
how could they be eating that first of
all fat bitch I used to be fat too so I
know what's going through your head
right now you're looking at her food one
wish I get you dish it but you got some
chicken breast and broccoli on your
plate you're just trying to deal with
that but don't bring everybody else down
because you can't eat it
cuz guess what I'm not fat anymore and I
still can't eat that shit but that
doesn't make me look at other people
eating bad food and go they should be
doing that if anything I look at them
and I'm like damn I wish I was them I
wish I could get into their body I wish
I could skin them and put on their skin
and then eat that food and I take their
skin off them and put them back and walk
back to my chicken but guess what bitch
life isn't fringe we can't do that shit
so eat your chicken in shut the fuck up
I'm sorry I just got very angry what was
I talking about
let's move on bubbles says I love how
unicorn became a he to your mom listen
my mom always has problems mixing up
sexes mihran says I bet Shane is great
at working well nuran you be fucking
right
corny just ran over I feel like she
wanted to help me but the truth is she
just wanted to eat my throw-up you gross
bitch
Jay Starr says Shane you're turning into
jenna Marbles I don't know what you're
fucking talking about
come on just pretend to like me just for
this one little skit
jenna Marbles dogs love her snicker says
it's more in Shane's personal assistant
no she's actually my producer but fuck
I'm gonna start calling her that she
hates it she hates when I'm like guess
who's the boss bitch this fag guess who
pays your bills bitch this guy when I
say jump you say how high
when I say run you say how fast when I
say go get me a Froyo you say no Shane
you look really really fat today you
should probably not do that and then I
cry and you give me a tissue
it's a beautiful relationship but I
still hate that bitch J foo says by the
way J foo is a six year old black girl
with a huge chain and pressed hair I
already love you Shane I love you man
take this in the best way possible like
I'm trying not to be offensive but you
constantly make songs in music and
videos isn't what we want to see JP was
speaking for everybody now we love your
main channel bid normally funny video
whenever you do song it always takes up
energy and time video not tryna tell you
what to do all regardless watch but
letting you know you know you know
constantly doing songs is not very
appealing
I like how at the end he sounded like a
80 year old grandma
very peeling well J food thank you you
know what you're right
I'm never gonna make another song again
I'm gonna stick to wearing wigs no I'm
just kidding I don't wanna make fun of
you um no I get what you're coming from
here's the thing guys guys I've been
doing this for five years I need to keep
myself entertained to keep myself
interested in doing this I was just
doing like main channel videos all the
time I feel fucking crazy I need to make
some music make a movie make a TV show
do stuff that gets my mind going I don't
know if you notices but every time I
make a song or a music video I have some
good fucking main channel videos come
out right after that because I'm
inspired so I see where you're coming
from but you know I'm still probably
gonna make songs all right you don't
have to listen I don't listen to Justin
Bieber okay but I still wear shirts
Dexter says you Shane stop dry humping
the futon get forceful texture that is
not a futon that is a Davenport I am a
classy bitch second of all you don't
know how good that feels it's big plush
hairless full of goose feathers it's
what I imagine sex with Jessica Simpson
is like fat Jessica Simpson not Jessica
Simpson now is she fat I don't know
you're wondering what that sound is I'm
not masturbating
Courtney's drinking water and being very
fucking loud about it and the last one
is from viv volleyball and she says
Shayna I wish you could come to MN
someday even though you're like 10 years
older than me I still would like to meet
you this B sounded like some catfish
ship and I'm down for that
which reminds me catfish not sure if
you've been watching well holy fucking
shit
now here's my thing about catfish side
now first of all every guy on that show
is clearly gay not that I can be talking
but come on you're in a relationship for
four years with a girl you've never met
who you've never seen who has never
talked to you you're sending them
pictures of your dick you don't know if
they're actually getting them you don't
know if they're actually who they say
they are and you're telling all your
friends you're in a relationship that
sounds to me like a beard homie you with
all your friends you like yeah I got
this hot girlfriend man oh man she's a
big old titties bird yes you do you know
why cuz she's a fat 80 year old man
homie and then they interview their
friends and their friends are like yeah
I don't know he's never really had a
girlfriend in real life he's just kind
of like always been like friends with
girls so I don't know guess what man
sounds gay
and then they go to meet them and guess
what it's a 35 year old gay black boy
with big coke bottle
and the weird part is the guy that got
catfished wasn't even that man about it
he's like I understand want to be
friends it's just kind of a sad show and
then the girls who were on that show I
mean I don't know what their problem is
because they're not lesbians I don't
think I think lesbians are smarter than
that although with a name like catfish
kind of a lesbian joke
sorry I got sidetracked yes catfish I
wonder if I'll be catfished one day I'm
almost gay enough all right you guys
that is it hopefully I didn't offend
anybody hopefully I did I'm gonna try to
go back to sleep I hope you guys have a
good day I will see you guys tomorrow
and question of the day was what I mean
just in thinking and I'll give you a
hint he has no idea what I'm thinking oh
is he did if he did he'd get a
restraining order okay I'm lying I'm
thinking bout how much I want to talk
about all right yes I'll see you later
love you bye just a three ice-cream
push-up bars yellow like that's not even
that's not even a Yolo that
