hey guys you know what's the most
annoying thing in the world to me when
people say Yolo but that's all another
topic well no let's talk about that
topic for a second I know that whole
Yolo song just came out and I think it's
a joke right cuz its Lonely Island I
don't know I didn't watch the video I
just saw it was all over the front page
so that song from and now everybody
keeps saying it again
you know what yo Luke died like it went
away for good six months and now it's
fucking back and I don't know why they
decided to do that I don't know why they
decided to reuse resurrect that
motherfucker but we can elect Yolo in
the ground because I am tired of going
on Twitter and seeing all these crazy
fucking twelve year olds being like just
a three ice-cream push-up bars a yellow
like that's not even that's not even a
Yolo that's like you have diabetes
that's like you're killing yourself or
just tweeted Kristen Stewart you're a
cunt
Yolo that's not even Yolo that just
deserves a slow clap back on topic corny
commute everybody well you already know
everybody but comes to everybody
haha do you want to take a shit on
camera
yo no that's something that you will not
do once you'll do it all the time and
you do do it all the time so today I
want to talk about something obviously I
haven't done daily vlogs this week and I
want to explain why you guys might have
seen me on Twitter ranting because
YouTube is fucked up again I mean listen
it's like a broken record this
motherfuckers broke all the time and
it's always Brady I just want to explain
why I'm not putting up videos this week
okay so I don't like to talk about this
kind of stuff but I'm going to because I
feel like me and you guys are friends
and we're close enough to where I can
talk to you guys about this unless you
just are to watch my videos then you
probably shouldn't watch this
because it's gonna blow your fucking
minds as you know my job or my career is
this it's YouTube it's making videos but
it's also getting outside of YouTube and
hopefully directing movies and all that
other stuff it's all entertainment based
and I started working for YouTube or I
mean you know any I started doing this
five years ago I wasn't making money for
like the first two years I didn't even
know you could make money it wasn't
about that it was just about wearing
wigs which brought with them for free
you know if you pay me though I might
wear two wigs at once I think I get
crazy but obviously YouTube saved my
family saved my life we were almost
homeless and all that drama happened and
and then YouTube came around so I'm very
blessed very lucky back on track um last
week I don't you guys noticed last week
the views on my vlogs like really down
and it wasn't just me it was everybody
jenna Marbles Smosh literally everybody
I watched their views were like wait
like a third like not that damn and I
know you guys are thinking Oh Shane
don't care about the number Shane bought
a lot and I totally don't it's not about
like my ego it's not about like I'm not
popular it's not none of that it
honestly is about the fact that I put up
a video on Saturday on my main channel
and I'm just gonna break this down for
you guys and this is gonna be a little
much too much information but whatever
that video costed me a good amount of
money because I had to get the animation
done which was a few hundred bucks I had
to get the actors which were like a
hundred bucks each I had to get it was
you know the video he definitely cost me
over a thousand bucks and listen I
usually spend a thousand or three
thousand dollars for each video and it's
totally worth it because you know you
guys love them and I love making them
but you know it costs money to make this
stuff so the video I put up Saturday
because of this whole view machine
broken whatever it's like barely at
three hundred thousand
after you know half of a week and I know
it has more views than that because my
videos get an average of like a million
views a week so the scary thing is if
that video stays there I'm kind of
fucked it means I didn't make my money
back on that video which means I'm kind
of like giving him debt so I'm kind of
waiting it out I don't know what to do
YouTube's broken
I'm not putting up daily vlogs cuz not
that these costs money to make but it's
kind of if I'm putting on these daily
blogs up and YouTube is like stealing
like views away it's just kind of fucked
up so I'm trying to I'm trying to wait
it out and you know and talk to YouTube
about it in there like we don't know
what's wrong like oh that's scary
that's like going to Hometown Buffet and
you have like explosive diarrhea and
you're like I have explosive diarrhea
and they're like well it could be a lot
of things so we don't know what to do
so here's the thing I just want to let
you guys know that and that's why I
haven't been putting up videos lately
this week I'm just waiting so you guys
tweet YouTube at YouTube and say fix
your fucking thing what's going on fix
it alright
because I tweeted them and nothing I
don't know it sucks it sucks cuz it's
kind of like here's an example cuz I
don't like talking about money but
here's an example say you you work in
McDonald's and you do like an eight-hour
shift and go you served so many
hamburgers you made so much meat and you
made so many people fat and then you got
your paycheck and it was like a third of
what it should be and you're like my dog
just died and you're like girls who I
want to go to work tomorrow or she's not
gonna job a Taco Bell I don't know so
that was a very very honest vlog and it
was very long I'm sorry it's like 6
minutes and I just want to I just want
to be honest with you guys and let you
know that's what's going on um you know
if my video if if YouTube isn't giving
us all of us youtubers the views we
can't pay for teens
girl Laurens gonna be out of a job cuz
you know our money comes from me
so um trying to figure it out alright
I'm gonna go cause too much information
I love you guys so much
Yolo Ryan kill me holy shit
yeah kill me you only live once and I
want to die right now
No
