see just rolling the hey Dan what's
wrong
ah no no why do you always interrupt my
rap you're the worst wingman ever
but you're beautiful you know that oh no
no I've seen you lick your ass so many
times today and I've enjoyed it hey
what's up you guys
yes cornea is very very excited because
we worked my mom's house right now and
I'm about to drop her off for a little
playdate I don't want to leave her home
alone today because I have a bunch of
crap I gotta do so I'm really excited
today is going to be fun as you guys
know a few years ago I was pitching a TV
show SD high and it didn't happen and it
was a whole ordeal and it kind of
scarred me for life but now I'm getting
back on the fucking saddle and I'm going
to pitch some more TV shows starting
today today I'm going to be talking
about doing a Shane Dawson talk show
kind of like Chelsea Lately but with
more wigs and also corney's about to
take a shit away backpack so that's
great and also a couple more TV show
ideas so who knows whatever maybe one
will happen maybe I won't but if it does
that'd be fucking Oliver corny could
give a shit
not a shit oh my god Courtney look at
you in human form same colors and
everything animals hate me that's all my
TV show will be about three plates
everybody three plates
one monster oh god oh god it's eating
the dark eating the dark mental line and
I just exploded in their bathroom and
literally was clogged their toilet like
bad I did but there's no plunger in
there and like what am I gonna do go up
to the pizza guy be like hey I just shit
everywhere I can't get it out the worst
part is though I try to fix it by like
scooping the poop up and putting on the
trash but then when I put my hand in the
toilet Rumble through my fingers
want more of that meatball kidding
you're gonna eat it anyways I know so
now we are on our way to go record think
we're recording today in my new original
song fuck up I'm very excited you're
gonna sing background right don't throw
that out the marina don't throw that up
because it ruins your voice that's what
happened to Ashlee Simpson and Lindsay
Lohan yeah and Demi Lovato
she said that barfing fucked up her
voice so you're screwed I don't sing up
my ass so I'm fine alright guys we're
here in the studio we're in this art I
can't hear any we're in the studio is my
coke ready yeah I'm getting inspired in
the studio and this is our producer so
when I go to you you have to say who you
are how you know me and who your
favorite insuk members go oh my name is
Eric
I know Shane from doing super love and
and my favorite NSYNC member is Shane
Dawson nobody ever says that somebody
finally got it right you know I was
actually an instinct you guys you guys
don't know that that it's on my
Wikipedia page so it must be true I'm
also German and on trauma Leicester if
you check out my Wikipedia page okay so
right now we are writing the song
obviously we've gotten a lot done um and
we're at this line where it's basically
a song as you guys know about being me
being a fuckup and the line is about how
my girlfriend got turned gay because of
me
so what rhymes with gay question of the
day because we're trying to rhyme what
rhymes with gay
you're terrible no way Craig now if we
put that shit go if we put that shit
cray in a song does it make it not as
like artistic oh we're not doing
artistic oh we're doing shitty okay
great okay I'm gonna break down Craig
how I get inspired you know you're
inspired you know how many couches I've
fucked
I just grew this couch up just get
inspired guys oh this is this is the
part where we dance together
yeah yeah yeah break down good job yeah
you won't you won't be in the music
video I'm sorry you didn't make it
next so I'm very very upset so is he
because now I have to get Lauren some
money she came up with we could not
figure out what line to use at us and
then Lauren like like Anne Hathaway limb
is ready
okay learn to sing sing sing the party
came up with ready I mean you guys would
sing it like a black Cher Oren can sing
but she does the fake singing voice cuz
she's nervous
you're still doing it either way there
was a moment in time where she did it
good you guys missed it
you guys got the Black deaf version but
it was still good yeah look at those
leopard pajamas
it's a crazy animal world in here he did
really good but then he had a little
accident weight was a diarrhea yeah he's
had diet she's had diarrhea all week and
she also threw up bone this big
yesterday but when I went to the doctor
she held her poo poo until I got home
she shit all over the floor good for her
all right you guys it is Hannah tonight
I'm gonna go to bed my mom is gonna go
party I don't know what she's doing in
that outfit fine with you and we will
see you tomorrow see you bye okay
perfect
we found all the creepy pigs saying
welcome okay we're good okay
