I wear my sunglasses at night cuz I am
cuz I can't wait to see you again wait a
minute that's not right Courtney do you
wear your sunglasses at night yeah guys
I can't does anybody know the rest of
that song it was it guys yes it is
nighttime um today it was kind of just a
workday so I didn't really vlog much but
tonight it's gonna be a pretty awesome
night can I tell you why can we talk
about it no okay come on I mean we don't
want to give it all away very exciting
it's something we don't do very often
and it's something that is pretty epic
if I can use that word share it we are
at writing yes love gonna write it at
midnight with these bitches oppa looking
good we're ready
at least it needs to get a few things
and I just need to browse I love read it
I love looking around places I have
terrible shit everything's cheap and
everything is useless in pointless I
mean corny can't even wait
uh yeah I don't think we're allowed to
bring a dog in but is lonely a bit
sunglasses on her she'll just look like
a short little Mexican right I'm also
very excited because one of you guys one
of my viewers Janet LaCava is it LaCava
I always say wrong LaCava Janet she's
not Mexican surprising that she's white
and she sent me macaroons in the mail
macaroons and then she's like kind of
creepy to get food in the mail cuz I'm
always afraid but these were so nice and
they were so delicious thank you Dan I
hope they're drugged I just want to get
knocked a fuck out after I eat these
Maroons
and they're wrapped in bubble wrap this
is very exciting
oh no it's my back room uh no so very
excited about this don't all flavor
they're they're green in the middle last
time I ate a macaroon with a green in
the middle I got war ha um and so Thank
You Janet that was really really nice
you didn't have to do that and now we're
gonna go into read it are you ready for
this I'm fucking ready for this I'm
pumped I got my Ryan Gosling jacket I'm
gonna walk in there in slow motion I'm
just gonna like look at people like this
you know I'm saying uh-huh she's going
crazy okay let's go all right we're in
ratted is very exciting the whole
family's here trying to pretend like
she's not holding a dog and right now we
are looking for CDs which we cannot find
I mean I can find the perfect meat loaf
maker or Woggle pets but no CDs oh okay
perfect
we found all the creepy pigs saying
welcome okay we're good fuck yeah fuck
yeah fuck yeah fuck yeah I found him I'm
a hero okay we got the CDs and now we
got the Arial pencils so we are good to
go
you know just found that does not look
like Cinderella looks like Paris Hilton
Paris Hilton at Lindsay Lohan Hanzel oh
it's not that Cinderella wait which one
on the box the one that looks all coked
out and she's grabbing her tits tell me
like my Disney princess is almost dead
all right corny we're back in the car
mom's gone with you whatever we want to
do it's gonna be a crazy night right ah
man we're about to smoke some blow and
this fucks and hookers smoke some fuck I
don't know we're about to be badasses
and you ruined it
sorry you guys we were gonna be like
real bad asses that we were gonna like
you know like pop caps and like listen
to Gautier like really loud I'll just
like plug my ears and close my eyes
pretend like I'm not here okay somebody
that I cool oh oh no we're not that bad
acid I don't want to taste your bad ass
oh go back to mom you love her so much
more I don't screaming at her face oh
did you get there for you dear for me oh
that's so cute I'm already taking though
I'm sorry
I'll return it okay I'm taken by that
little bitch she's taking me away to a
promised land full of poop and pee
puddles they're everywhere hey guys so
um we are back home it was a very
exciting time it was but oh my god sorry
I got distracted I just looked on this
map and the first thing I saw let's call
it an IG r but we all know what it
really says so I just want to show you
this is very cool Brittani Louise Taylor
one of my biffle's got me for Christmas
this picture of two pugs fighting and
the only thing I love more than pugs is
fighting so it's perfect also my mom got
me a central perfect cup what I'm not
cleaning up no she's yours I mean I did
just say she was mine like two minutes
ago but forget about that she's yours
all right let's clean it up um so while
I'm cleaning up piss I thought a fun
topic for today's video would be um
secrets because lately well I've been
writing a bunch of scripts for SD High
which I'll talk about in a minute but
I'm trying to have a character who has a
big secret and I'll be thinking about
people in general like who has secrets I
mean she has a secret right oh god it's
so secretive oh come on corny I don't
really have a secret I might say my only
secret is that I sing lame is very
loudly in the car that's a lie I do sing
my heart will go on get up in it yeah
you know what you can get this you can
take care of that come on you're living
the dream right now Oh
there that's what she said literally she
just said it so question of the day do
you guys have any secrets
and if you do well you probably wouldn't
tell me in the comment section right
well then make up a secret what's a
craziest secret you have it could be
fake who gives a fuck I'm trying to get
inspired for this script I want
something really secretive alright so I
do want to finish this vlog up by
telling you guys a little bit of
something exciting so as you know I've
been writing SD High which if you don't
know it was supposed to be a TV show
like three years ago that I was pitching
which was basically me in high school
playing much different characters it was
kind of like a comedy about teenage life
and how fucked up high school was and I
was playing like the teacher and I was
playing you know the students so it's
really crazy there's a couple videos on
my main channel that are kind of similar
to it there's high school drama and
school dance disaster and I check those
out if you haven't seen them so
basically I've been writing it and it's
not going to be a TV show I don't think
because the whole process is bullshit
I'm just going to make it on my own and
I don't know if that means you know I'm
going to put the whole thing online or
if that means you know I'll put them on
Netflix or something and try to get some
money forward because you know it's
going to be expensive to make but um I
just want you guys to know that I'm
working on it and it's coming soon and
I'm gonna do the theme song pretty soon
by the same guy who wrote the Drake &
Josh theme song so fuck yeah very
excited I'm gonna be in a fat suit in
the first episode it's gonna be fucking
crazy and I honestly haven't been more
proud of anything I've ever written
before I think I've written like four
episodes so far for 20 minute episodes
and they're like funny and heartfelt and
one of them is like made me cry when I
was writing it so I feel like it's gonna
be fucking awesome and I just want to
tell you guys that's my secret I guess
that I'm writing this epic TV show
that's not really TV show that's for
YouTube but kind of too long for YouTube
I don't really know what it is but it's
coming that's also it jeez it all right
you guys I'm gonna go clean up some shit
I love you so much I'll see you tomorrow
hopefully I had fun hanging with me I
have having you do and I will see you
tomorrow
ryan gosling slow motion spin
so as you can tell I'm wearing my little
jacket I got my little button up sure I
got my little flippy hair going on I'm
ready for a night
