I hate people there I said it I fucking
hate people not you guys I love you guys
but everybody else could fucking go die
I fucking hate all of them because
people are assholes people exaggerate
people freak out people are rude people
are smelly people are ignorant and
people get all up in my face and I don't
know why I don't know what about this
face makes it okay for you to get it all
up in like maybe even though I'm wearing
a leather jacket pleather let's keep it
real target let's keep it more real
thirty dollars okay let's keep it super
real fifteen dollars even though I'm
wearing a cheap-ass jacket I mean do I
look like the kind of God that you could
just come in fucking pounce on like I'm
not gonna fight back okay maybe I do but
that doesn't give you the right so as
you can tell I'm wearing my little
jacket I got my little bug oh sure I got
my little flippy hair going on I'm ready
for a night out I'm on my way to go get
some dinner have some fun get some crazy
and buy crazy I mean like ten diet cokes
and a charity mmm I love diet cokes and
cherries and as I'm pulling into the
parking lot I look to the side and
there's like everybody's talking
everybody's lights are on it's fucking
madness
everybody's blaring your music it's like
I'm having a fucking seizure I can't
even see straight and so I'm going to
turn where I always turn to go to the
parking section that I always go to and
listen there's this little black car
next to me by the exit it's never
crowded when I go here so I always
assume that the cars are just exiting
exiting exiting well this one didn't it
was stuck there and when I'm turning I
tapped the car dear fucking God oh yeah
I fucking tapped it okay that's what I
did I didn't wreck it I didn't hit
anybody I didn't kill a child I didn't
hit a woman in a fucking wheelchair I
fucking tapped a car so right when I tap
it I hear three fucking loud cackling
chickens in the car screaming
so right off the bat I'm assuming it's a
car full of black women and I do well
with them so this is gonna be fine
no it's not it's a car full of fucking
blonde milf bitches who I can't stand
listen just because you have a boob job
and you straighten your old nasty blonde
hair does not mean your fucking milf
mill stands for mom I like to fuck nah
mom I'd like to fix her fucking hair
anyways I hear this noise I hear this
chaos I pull my car over by the way as
I'm pulling my car over I hear a bunch
of more chickens in the car bein like
get away yeah you know me just call me
Ryan Gosling and drive is that what this
jackets giving off a fucking criminal
although it should be illegal how cheap
I got it anyways I'm pulling over to the
side they're freaking out I um roll my
window and I'm like I'm just pulling
over dude chill I get out of my car they
all storm over freaking the fuck out I
haven't seen the damage yet but the way
they're acting I'm like oh my god I
totaled their car I mean she's like it's
like so totally I can't even like open
the door like it's crap it's like it's
like an extra tooth in Hilary Swank's
mouth like quick I can't get out
so I'm racing myself I'm like oh my god
oh my god oh my god I'm freaking out I'm
shaking I walk over to her car I mean
literally like a scratch like it looks
like a cat jumped up and went Wow and my
car he's like really scratched the fuck
up her car is like Rihanna six years ago
my car is like Rihanna right after that
mishap you know what I'm talking about
scratch the fuck up so I walk over to
her car and I'm like listen I am sorry
it was my fault a hundred percent I'm an
idiot I did not see you guys I've never
been in an accident my entire life not
that I really consider this an accident
but I guess it is and I will pay I will
do whatever you want me to do oh you're
gonna pay you better know you gotta pay
me bitch last time I checked nobody died
last time I checked we're in a fucking
parking lot at the mall
so obviously life ain't that wealth last
time I checked you're gonna fucking BMW
it's not like you're in some
piece-of-shit Toyota that says toy in
the back and you're like have
all your kids in the car your single
working mother and you're like how am I
gonna pay for this you're fine bitch you
just went south Lane is at the ArcLight
3b and then we didn't even come out in
3d but you're still Richie fucking paid
for he's fuckin hire an Anne Hathaway to
come out in the audience and sing to
your ass well get mad anyways I politely
was like okay I've never been in an
accident how do we do this do we take
pictures do we swap credit card
information I don't understand the whole
thing do you want my Twitter handle I
mean do we Instagram this I don't know
so of course her husband / son / some
weird relationship I don't know who he
was he got out of the car he was very
nice and he's like listen it's fine
don't worry about it work it he did all
the things he swapped all the
information so how's it going okay this
is better this fucking chicken run gets
out of the car with her other chicken
and they are just walking away mean your
boy-toy you're fine you know we're
talking we're taking pictures or doing
this you chickens you need to go back to
the coop
you need to lay some fucking eggs do
your fucking job you scramble that bitch
so I tell the lady one more time I'm
like ma'am I am so sorry I wish I could
go back in time in a fucking time
machine I wish I could fringe this
motherfucker I wish I could go just back
like three minutes ago before this
happened and just not do what I did but
I did it and I'm sorry so can we please
just not yell anymore probably shoot
somebody in the head right like that's
how I'm feeling right now if that's true
bitch you need to be locked the fuck up
if you want a gun right now you would
shoot me because I capped your car this
is why everybody hates blonde women this
is why I don't hate blonde women a
blonde women like this make me look at
every other blonde woman on the street
and go I want to smash into her fucking
car and then smash into her dead but I'm
not going to because Lisa's a blonde
woman so is her mom and they're both
lovely people anyways I want to show you
guys a picture of this I just want you
got a question of the day
are they overreacting or my
under-reacting this that's hard to see
there it is that's the scratch
that's the Bopper and that's the scratch
I mean it literally looks like she had
it you know my son is a fucking genius
bumper sticker and she ripped it off
because of Shenzhen
yes and like it left a little mark like
that's what it looks like where is my
car I don't have pictures of it because
I was too devastated to take them but it
looks like fucking Freddy Krueger ran
his fucking fist across my car
it looks like Miley Cyrus mistake my car
for hookah and just fucking put her
mouth all over it okay not making fun of
- ours anymore I'm sorry that was a slip
that was a setback all I'm saying is
this was my first accident and I wanted
to vlog about it because I want to
remember for the rest of my life this
feeling and when I think about getting
in the car again I'm gonna remember this
feeling I'm gonna say I'm not gonna get
the car Lisa you're driving I'm done I'm
done I'm done driving you know what I'm
done talking to people I'm done going
out in public I'm done dealing with all
these fucking people who have nothing
better to do that you over exaggerate
everything and I'm not just talking
about like little over exaggerations
like oh girl I could have like a hundred
cookies right now I'm so hungry
that's like harmless but when people are
over exaggerating to the point where
it's like you totaled my car my life is
over I'm gonna kill somebody
these are the people that need to be
slapped hard by a fucking gorilla like
you saw that girl on Oprah who got her
face ripped off by a gorilla which was
tragic this blonde bitch she should have
jumped in that monkey pit cuz she needs
a fucking reality monkey rip slapping
anyways that's it I'm done I'm sorry
sorry that today was so angry negative I
just had to share that story I think
I've never been to a car accident what
it was it like it sucks cuz I was used
to tell Lisa like she say I'm a bad
driver and I'm like I've never been in
an accident huh no I have but it's not I
don't even think it's an accident okay
it's an accident I'm not gonna so
anyways
hopefully this is all taken care of if
the people I got to accident with are
watching this gonna say I'm sorry but I
really talked a lot of shit about you
guys in this video so if you see me a
public-key probably gonna kill me
so just know that I'm angry right now
but I'm fine I'm fine let's chill let's
go to the elephant bar that's what milfs
love right I love a bar some other place
that's really gross to not hit but for
some reason old people think it's hip
Souplantation
we'll go listen to some smooth jazz I
don't know what your people do anyways
I'm gonna go hopefully guys have fun
hang with me even though I've been a
bitch
how did you guys let me I'll see you
tomorrow all right you guys
creepy amazing art that'll need one
thing it's a portrait of my mom
