interesting how a song called everybody
talks you can't understand any of the
words you get that tumbler you drink
that 20 gallon tumbler Nicole hey guys
so we are in the car very very excited
my friend my best friend in the whole
world Kate or are you guys mine ours
cats cats what's our youtube name
she has having her first art gallery in
Palm Springs it's her first art gallery
ever and we are going up it on a fucking
blazer Lisa didn't fancy heels money
only fancy person cuz han-pan was like I
am dressing up t-shirt and clothes but I
have a blazer that's true we're very
excited I am so proud of her like I have
me and Jarrod everybody in her life have
been really encouraging her to do this
and she's finally doing it and we're
very excited so hopefully goes well I
mean that sounds terrible it'll go well
hopefully she's not terrible oh I know
everybody's gonna be there Sean is gonna
be there mom's gonna be there it's gonna
be their whole crew and it should be a
fun night
right tumblr here with the Ralph's is
the effed party here all we know it's
the before party because we haven't
actually got to that art gallery yet but
this is here Alicia and her boyfriend
we're hanging out in the vegetable
section I'm drinking so much
carbonation at least I got some so we
are on our way to the art gallery we're
pretty close and we are getting some
snacks and some drinks we're classy
motherfuckers no it's gonna be very fun
my mom is on our way to hopefully she'll
be there when we get
and then we're all gonna have sex and
make our own art you know ma'am
just give me a canvas and I'll paint you
a fucking picture all right you guys
creepy amazing art that don't need one
thing it's a portrait of my mom Hoenn
it's a hard job so we're here
everybody's very excited it's a lot of
people who have children here there's
there's other there's taller children
here the short children here that are on
drugs so it's very exciting everybody's
here Alan Ellis here you guys probably
remember her from one of my first videos
ever called being white burn we painted
her white way but you have to like I
feel you're the type that would like ask
you say they take the did you slap them
in the face like a good way you know
like Katt Williams does it all the time
slaps his fan first let me say I am so
sorry and they say they know some fucked
up yeah but my nose is already flaky
oh my god you guys do so how are you
doing I'm good but I just witnessed a
real good action over here what's the
third action
so you started a channel I did what's it
called
Lucie Bruce I think it should be called
juicy Bruce I said what are they about
you said hopefully soon just like your
life you know it's like your life as a
juice I can't wait to see that Jun
what's your channel could be called spam
spam and the you guys could collab and
it's like juicy spam sexual Channel I'm
gonna subscribe we're home and you know
what that means
jelly part sure mother fucker and a big
hot fart which you guys can't hear cuz
it's silent but it's deadly I've been
holding that one in all night that's the
problem with going to like places where
there's like people and you know lot
going on oh are you speaking of hide
oh you're peeing okay sorry sorry
speaking of doing things you're not
supposed to in public pinning on camera
is one of them I always hold in my farts
like even the ones that I know I could
probably squeeze out and not get in
trouble for I still go that shit in
anyways it was a fun night I'm very
proud of my friend I thought that she
did good I thought everything was great
at the art was cool I thought all people
were nice went really well there's a lot
of people there
I was exciting I ate a lot of eminence
so that happened we went to a casino but
I did not gamble although I did gamble
technically because I ordered refried
beans at 2 a.m. and a side of fries so
that was like a food poisoning gamble
which I'm hoping
I did not lose right corny walk away you
know why I gambled when I bought you and
I thought I was gonna win and I'm losing
because you don't care about me at all
do you
all right you guys I'm exhausted sorry
I'm just blabbering on even talk about
anymore I love you guys I'm gonna go
hope you had fun hanging with us we if I
hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow
whoo my brain just went okay time to go
to bed that's for you and a dogs
