well one of our gays throws an olive at
my head and I think it's like an
accident but olives just fly above all
the tiny Perry's just like them like
let's just keep dancing like real
supportive so we just keep living our
lives and then here comes another olive
at my head so I step down at this point
and then once I'm down my high heels are
gone someone's own silly oceans mm-hmm
hey was it the guy yes welcome back to
another creepy video now in today's
video we're going to be focusing on
something that might be one of the
scariest things imaginable we're going
to be talking about Hell now even if you
aren't a religious person you definitely
know about there's a books written about
it there's been countless movies made
about it it's been shown in TV shows
it's been shown in music videos it's
terrified you in some of your favorite
games and it's even been shown in kids
cartoons now even if you don't believe
in Hell
I'm sure you've thought about what it
would be like to go there how hot would
it be would it burn off all of your
flesh instantly would you see famous
people there maybe even serial killers
or Hitler would you be in constant agony
and pain but it will never go away
because you can't die you'll be feeling
this pain for eternity today we're going
to be talking about the theories of
whether or not he'll exist and if it
does exist what is it like now before I
get to this video I want to let you guys
know this is not me trying to make
religious video and I don't want to
offend you or your religion but I am
going to be talking about a lot of
different religions because the crazy
part of it is pretty much every type of
religion have their own version of hell
so here's a few of the common thread
it's a place that's hot and filled with
fire it's filled with bad soul people
who did awful things when they were
living on her and it's ruled by a devil
who shows no mercy all right so first
we're going to talk about where hell
came Hades the nether realm of the devil
and the demons in which condemned people
suffer everlasting punishment so the
dictionary says it's based on it now
Hades was a Greek god and he's the ruler
of the underworld where he lives and
will
pretty dead which is very similar to the
devil now obviously Greek mythology and
Christianity are very different
and technically Greek mythology came
before machine yet they both still have
some type but they're not the only ones
that have in ancient Egyptian mythology
or cyrus ruled over the dead in the
underworld called julot Hindu cultures
believed in naraka an underworld full of
demons world by young the god of death
so the idea of a big evil entity living
underground is something that a lot of
difficulties beliefs nearly all cultures
have believed in a real underworld a
universe of the dead beneath the earth
almost every religion of the world the
lead in the place called hell and it's
actually believed as a liberal tangible
place that domain of evil beneath our
feet now I know you're thinking Shane
how could we ever know it how really
this I mean we can't go there that might
not be true there are a lot of people
who have claimed to die go to hell and
then come back to life to talk about it
I mean sometimes it does happen where
somebody will temporarily die in the
hospital and then they'll come back to
life so for that brief moment that they
were gone would be see did you go to
heaven yes and in in every sense the
word that's what my what my experience
showed me even after Sharon Stone had a
moment where she died and she was it's
sort of like passing out except you
passed up you back up sort of and you
had this big blowup thing and you know I
don't know how to I don't know I never
had it so I don't know I'm boys I do
anybody here have it so now now those
two pieces were great those people
supposedly went to heaven but for a lot
of people this pilot was in a plane
crashing he was in the hospital where he
temporarily died and he says he went
down it was the most horrific hopeless
terrifying feeling that you can even
imagine
yeah and it just gets away when I was in
the darkness I felt what it would like
to be eternally doomed incarcerated
and it was non-negotiable there's no
turning back there's another man that
talks about his experience I just knew
that I was going to hell and I knew that
was the enemy that came for me because
when I looked up I looked right into his
face and I and it was so huge it was
almost look like a fallen angel and the
way they extracted
there were people literally inside this
pit burning it's the most awful sight to
see a person on fire burning screaming
the screams were so loud from just
millions of people at the top of the
lungs screaming now there's even this
paper as opposed to Exorcist a teenage
girl is supposedly possessed by a demon
to lose in hell even though you're
rentin else
yes what's it like damage is so going so
hot so hot is burning up down there
people screaming people screaming
everybody's raving down down there
saying he's gonna marry you know the
legged nobody likes it down is so hot in
ours is bad now all of those experiences
are very intense but some people don't
feel anything some people who died said
that they died and it was like total
blackness and then they came back to
life what is interesting is the people
that said they saw hell specifically all
saw very similar things now that because
they really went there or is that
because their brain was fucking with
them and that's what they expected to
see well that brings us to a few
theories on why people see different
things when they die so first is the
expectancy line the theory states that
the mind sees what expects to see based
on thoughts and experiences of the
person experiencing the vision like a
self-induced dream so basically if
you're dying or
having a near-death experience your
brain might create a vision of hell
because that's what you think hell looks
like now we talked about the process of
death before and we talked about how I
saw my grandma die and she saw heaven
she told us exactly what it look like
she put her arm out to reach for her
husband so in my heart I feel like that
was real but technically it could have
just been her brain creating all those
issues now some people who have a
near-death experience where they see
nothing and it's like total blackness
that's called the disassociation the
theory states that in order to
disassociate with the fear or sometimes
painful experience of dying that our
mind sends us into a place of comfort
and peace and gives us a sense of
detachment from the body so think about
it this way you got into a car accident
and you're trapped and you're bleeding
to death the pain is probably so intense
that your brain might create another
place for you go and make a displace is
peaceful and dark and black and it feels
like you're dead maybe that's your
brains way of helping you out so you
don't have to feel all that pain now
when some people of a near-death
experience they say they see the light
well this could be the burden now in a
baby's being born what it sees is a
tunnel of light and as it comes out the
light hits its eyes and it blinds the
day this sounds very similar to what
people say kind they see the light so it
makes you wonder is it just full circle
or forget about those theories what if
when you die you reborn as something
else and that's why you see the light
because you're being reborn
I don't know I have something very
confident about that now listen I could
get really in detail about the real
series of why hell exists and a lot of
those theories involve Christianity and
brainwashing but I'm not going to lie I
feel a little uncomfortable talking
about it as some of you guys know I was
raised very religious I mean I grew up
going to a Catholic school
then after I left there I became a
born-again Christian at 12 and as I've
gotten older my thoughts on Christianity
have changed a lot clearly I'm in a
relationship with a man which in the
Bible means I will go to hell so over
the years I've created a different
relationship with God I kind of see God
has something bigger
he's somebody who I talked to someone
who I feel is watching over me now the
God that I believe in the God that I
feel is watching over me wouldn't have I
mean at least not the type of hell that
we've seen in movies in TV but here's
where it gets kind of crazy if you
really dissect the original version of
the Bible how has mentioned but not in
the way that we know it now now there's
even some priests who believe that
translation of the Bible might have been
heightened a little bit when I was
talking about Hell because maybe they
wanted to scare their believers now
here's a priest that's talking about
just that I don't think he'll exist
I happen to believe in life after death
but I don't think it's got a thing to do
with reward and Punishment religion is
always in the control business and
that's something people don't really
understand now he's not the only priest
that feel it that way there's a lot of
others that do but for everyone that
believes in that there's about 10 that
time there is hail fire there is fire
inhale in mark chapter number nine four
times its spoken about tail he said it's
a place where the fire is not quenched
where the fire
not quit there is a literal fire inhales
and burning right now now I know this is
all a little confusing because priests
are Catholic and Christian different all
I'm trying to say is the idea of Hell
has been around for a long time and it's
not just Christians and it's not just
Catholics it's pretty much every village
so now I'm going to get into my phone do
I think he'll exists kind of I don't
think it's fire I don't think it's some
big demon fucking fucking people but I
think it's Doug
I think it's complete isolation I think
the way you live this life is what's
getting you ready for the afterlife and
if you've lived this life well you get
to be reborn and go to the next phase
but if you do not let this like well
then maybe you get stuck in complete
isolation and you have to slowly try to
get to the next phase but maybe you'll
never get there and to me honestly that
sounds worse than fire that sounds but
I'm curious what you guys think let me
know down the comments do you believe in
hell have you been raised to believe
that there's some place that you should
fear or do you not believe in any of
this shit and you think we're crazy that
we're even talked about all right you
guys hopefully enjoyed this creepy video
give me a thumbs up if you want me to do
more afterlife theories I kind of want
to do one on reincarnation and I kind of
want to do one on heaven honestly also
make sure to subscribe my channel right
down below at the notifications aisle
because I make new videos every day if
you want to see some of my other scary
videos I did want about the end of the
world series and I've done one on the
simulation theory which basically states
that maybe know the world that you are
you guys I'm going to go and maybe I
will see you hopefully not
hi
