hiya fat is fuck well you're in luck
because you're sweating which yes I'm
sweating and singing you know why
because I just got out of the gym and I
just got my new beat for my new original
song in the email I'm very excited now
decided about the whole sweating part
that is very unexcited I mean except for
the fact that my butt has now become a
waterslide which is a little exciting
especially for the lice that are
crawling down my back hair is there too
much information a little bit sorry
listen I didn't even mention the crabs
so today as I just said I'm very excited
um I am gonna be writing my new original
song which I kind of talked about a
while ago the song is called fuck up and
it's you know it's basically about me
and how like I'm so good at everything
and how like I never mess up and how
like everybody thinks I'm the fucking
Sham like everybody else is like oh wow
okay that's the opposite of the meaning
the song is actually about how I fuck
everything up because I'm a fuckup and
I'm a total fucking piece of shit fuck
up so take a whiff it's a little bit
like Bruno Mars slash Jessie J slash
something somebody would listen to while
they were really high so I'm very
excited about it so this is just the
demo so it's gonna be a lot different
this is just kind of like the foundation
I think it's very relatable especially
for you guys cuz I assume you guys are
all fuck-ups like me and this is our
theme song our anthem if you will all
right you guys I'm filming a video and I
already got my mama underneath how do
you think you did I think boy don't give
it away I mean I kind of gives away
we're on our knees you start my shoving
oh okay okay
it's just it's hard for me to remember
more than two looks well what's your
surprised look oh that was a surprise
like whoa okay now angry now surprised
and angry Oh
okay she went to some sort of a seizure
but you tried good job mom she's not
getting paid it's not that's her check
make that money make that money make
death money make them money make down
mommy make that money see you know
people are gonna be mad like I said no
see but I always pick up unicorns poop
my mom was the one that was like Oh
unicorn just took a shit
vlog me picking it out oh that smells oh
my god unicorn oh you got paid extra
today girl whoo that was the bonus
Christmas bonus oh we're home we're home
and you're watching The Bachelor I know
I'm fine well you know we'll go in the
bathroom you could just have fun with
yourself and with that gay guy in that
slut I love them too
Hey look at the sweater you're wearing
speaking of The Bachelor you get a rose
thank you so we just filmed the video
and I'm very excited because look um I
brought home a couple packages from you
guys and I feel bad I never open
packages on camera so I decided why not
do it today right it's Oh perfect let me
get it on camera she's gonna leave us a
package to open
um so today's packages are from Hayley
and Michael and this one is from Aubree
so I'm very excited
open those in a minute but first I'm
gonna make you look fat and old are you
ready so I got this app which you guys
have already seen I've used it before
everybody has this app it's called fat
booth and then I got old booth because I
was trying to piss off my mom and I was
making her look really fat no look do
you wanna look really fat no can't wait
perfect let's do it oh my god does
unicorn wanna look really fat note
so there you go what that DD guys are
self esteem corn doesn't give up but she
can't wait to get fat and die oh oh to
real hey what's up you guys you like
this ghetto tripod I constructed you are
right now on about 500 dog toys and
three poop covered /p cupboard / come
covered slash blood covered blankets I
just want you to feel like you're at
home
so I have my butcher knife and I have
these packages let's see what's inside
oh my god what the fuck is that I mean
oh this seems to be a bunch of retainers
molded together yikes
oh there's two so two people's mouths
were brutally sacrificed for this let's
read the letter I'm sure it's scribbled
out in blood okay it's a long letter so
I'm not gonna read the whole thing
because I don't want you guys to get
bored I'm sure it's just talking about
how beautiful I am no it's not it's
talking to how weird and fucked up I am
which is nice oh okay so these are
spiritual crystals made out of aluminum
shavings and pancake syrup and it's
supposed to suck out negativity are you
saying I'm negative
you asshole oh yeah okay I'm negative is
it working the Kardashians are big
stupid pieces of shit big big nasty
beastly pieces of shit big big actually
know what they're another big you know
what they're not that nasty actually
they're kind of beautiful you know they
kind of look like three beautiful
flowers floating through this guy oh my
god no I'm never using that again oh
thank you so much Michael and Hayley
it was awesome you guys are so sweet I'm
gonna read this whole
entire thing later and jerk off to it
alright okay I don't know if you guys
saw that I can you just slow mo that a
chunk of metal flawed fucking guy and
I'm laughing right now but two seconds
ago I was crying and lisas arms oh my
god I'm never gonna make fun of the
Kardashians ever again see I made a
video like a week ago talking about how
I'm gonna stop making fun of celebrities
and then I just got Carmen in the face
oh my god karma dashi and okay let's
open up this other package and hopefully
I don't kill myself
ah thanks Michael and Haley no seriously
thank you it's my fault that I hit
myself in the face last one is from
Aubrey I hope I don't stab myself in the
eye with this yeah beautifully wrapped
oh my fucking god I only have one eye to
look at this but I still know it's cute
it's a pug with the hat and a dress oh I
love you thank you so much Abbi this is
gonna baby cry I love it so much
okay I'm crying because I'm in pain but
I still love it you guys are so sweet
there's a lot of packages at my house I
need to go through and I'm not gonna do
it all on camera because that looks kind
of like going through my package of but
thank you guys so much from the bottom
my heart you guys don't have to send me
anything you guys send me letters and
presents and dead bodies and dangerous
materials and it makes my heart warm so
thank you I love you so much Oh last
thing before I go far go to the ER I
wanted to have a special message you
know what this is great cuz now this
special message is gonna look really
emotional so last week as I'm sure you
guys already know Smosh became the
number one channel on YouTube and I just
kind of wanted to talk a little bit
about it and have my feelings on it a
lot of you guys were asking me on
Twitter like what do you think what do
you think are you jealous do you think
they deserve it do you think you know
nigga Higa deserves a who do you think
deserves it first of all nobody deserves
it I think if anything we are all very
very lucky to even be on YouTube and be
able to express ourselves however the
fuck we want
secondly I'm excited listen I'm gonna be
honest probably about three years ago I
had a lot of drama with some other
youtubers I'm not gonna go into details
but if you guys have been around for a
while you kind of probably already knew
but I had some drama with one of the
YouTube networks and it just kind of
turned into every youtuber hating me and
I don't think Smosh ever hated me and
but something definitely happened and I
I don't know I still need to figure it
out but I was kind of going through a
tough time at that point and I felt like
everybody was against me so I was kind
of like secluding myself and not being
the friendliest and I was just really
you know apprehensive whatever and I'm
you know Smosh was included in that and
pretty much everybody was included in
that and I kind of you know became a
weird creepy hermit and I just recently
saw Smosh at VidCon and I think
everything's cool between us and now
that they're number one I think it
really puts you in perspective and I'm
like you know what
holy shit like they've been doing
YouTube for like maybe two or three
years longer than I have and they are
still going fucking strong and there
were number one and you know they fell
back to like number two or something
another back of number one or maybe even
number three and they're still doing it
and if anything to me it was inspiring
because I'm like fuck dude like
sometimes I wake up and I'm like should
I be doing this still like I've been
doing this for a while like are people
getting sick of me is it getting
pathetic that I'm still making YouTube
videos and then I look at somebody like
them and I'm like they have been doing
this for longer they turn it into a
business they are still getting more
views now than they ever have been and
you know I could do that too I could
keep going and that's inspiring as fuck
and so Smosh if you're watching this
which I'm sure you're not
I've already tweeted you guys and
congratulations from bottom of my heart
and my bro can die you guys really do
hold a place in YouTube and you're gonna
be there probably forever and that's
fuckin awesome
and no matter what happened in the past
which I still don't really know what
happened in the past there was so much
weird drama and and I think we both
working I don't know whatever but I feel
like now YouTube is starting to get back
to its roots I feel like it's community
again I feel like people care about each
other again and I feel like people are
like you know what suck it
drama let's just you know make some
fucking videos and be cool so that's all
I have to say about that congratulations
you guys and raywilliamjohnson you're
not number one anymore
and I'm sure you're totally fine with
that considering you still get a billion
views a video and nigga Higa your name
is still nigga so you're happy are you
guys I'm gonna go I love you so much I
hope you had fun hanging with me I had
fun hanging with you well I had fun I
gotten some serious pain but you know
what that's when you know it's been a
good day I die let me guess back I got a
text from Lauren and it says K well
aren't I the most popular bitch in
school
