okay headband powers activate mood my
powers are looking gay saving the top of
my hair from flyaways and getting a
massive headache because his band was
made for a total girl oh hey guys
yes I'm wearing a headband I've already
explained why because I need to straight
my hair later and this is gonna keep
this flat I don't know if you've noticed
this but I have a massive fucking
cowlick which was very embarrassing when
I was fat because people would always be
like oh did you lick yourself first of
all no that's not funny
second of all no but I've tried my jelly
roll always gets in the way and the
small penis southern he'll be there hey
guys so today we're going to be
something a little bit different today
I'm just writing sketches so it's been a
boring day so I decided to do another
tag video so today's tag video is called
the first tag oh you're gonna learn so
much about me even though you know every
single thing about me there is to know
although you don't know about the first
time I put a toothbrush in my butt wait
I think I made a blog about that first
question what was your first tweet I was
way too lazy to actually scroll down for
two hours and look for this so I tweeted
that's you guys to find it and let's see
uh Chris stone lean and times three
found it and she said you better give me
a fucking shout out a motherfucker
kindness it's the key to my heart she
took his green cap and the first tweet I
ever did was 2d fizzy and it said thanks
man with a million exfoliation marks and
five hundred hearts I don't know what
that's referring to I'm guessing I
thought I was texting him but I was
tweeting him and it was probably
something I tweeted very early in the
morning you know than that after but
more than likely he probably helped me
set up my Twitter account and I was
probably just thanking him but it's more
interesting to pretend like I had sex
with a 15 year old kid so let's go with
the first one what was your first
youtube video the first video I ever did
was actually a vlog and it was terrible
and I may or may not have covered hey
there Delila hey there Delila J and
Gerry yeah that was the first video I
uploaded just as terrible as all the
others who was the first person you
subscribed to on YouTube first person I
subscribed to it was little oka she was
well her name is Stevie Ryan but she did
a character called little oka and she
was Mexican here's a picture of her
and here's a picture of me trying to
pretend to be her
most likely she went to jail for
something like stealing or shooting
whereas I look like I went to jail for
something like teen boy prostitution or
a danger to other people while driving
because my hair is covering my eyes what
can I say I'm a badass what was your
first myspace picture my first picture
on myspace was this one and this would
be a beautiful memory of me
getting into a fight with the Asian kids
in class the Asian kids always won
because I gave up very early because I
was afraid they were gonna eat me was
that racist a little bit do you still
talk to your first love no fuckin bitch
I'm just kidding
no fuck that bitch what was your first
alcoholic drink I actually don't drink a
lot of you guys already know that by the
first time I ever tasted something was
probably when I was a kid and my dad was
like try this I want you to be nah
college upon me Wow that got real neck
question yeah what was your first job I
actually worked with my dad in
construction he's like put a nail in
this because I want you to be the
construction me surprisingly enough I'm
not a handyman although I did like going
into strangers houses that we were
working on and paying in their bathrooms
it's like a vacation from my dick it's
nice what was your first car my first
car was a piece of shit blazer and it
had pink rims and had Cousy covers that
would not come off I'd like to tell you
that's when the gay rumors started that
they started way before that who is the
first person that texted you today well
let's see it's gonna take a while I have
so many friends okay mom
mom Lisa mom mom
oh here we go I got a text from Lauren
and it says K well Lauren I the most
popular bitch in school who was your
first grade teacher it was a nation
bitch named Miss Villere she had yellow
teeth what's the first foreign country
you've ever been to I went to Canada it
was a lot of fun everybody was very nice
they all ate mass amounts of ketchup
pancake syrup and Quiznos ah not sure
why the combination of those three
but hey Canadians are fucking crazy I
mean they drink milk out of bags if you
had one wish what would it be
that's not really a first question what
with a fuck I'll answer it anyways I
know the obvious answer is that I wish
to make a movie but let's go with more
funny answer I'm gonna go with what I
thought about when I was 12 I had two
wishes first wish was for my bedroom to
be completely a bed like the entire room
from wall the fucking wall was mattress
most likely because I was too lazy to
actually walk to my bed and I just was
so fat I just wanted to literally open
the door just plop my ass down because
it definitely wasn't because I was like
into orgies and swinging unless you call
it buffet and orgy a new kind of is my
second wish was to have a swimming pool
filled with burritos and I want to be
buried at the very bottom and I wanted
to eat my way out I also wanted my
father to stop hitting me but I wanted
the burritos a lot more so that was my
relation bruise is they follow but the
burritos obamas fuck what was the first
sport you ever involved in I was in
t-ball and everything about that sucked
in every single way it was horrible it
was very very tight clothes
it was very white clothes which means
that my poop stains would smear through
and that wasn't the best of running or
catching or hitting I was really good at
bringing snacks and my mom was really
good at flirting with the coach so all
in all it was fucking terrible don't do
sports they say what's the first thing
you do when you get home I definitely
have a routine I put all my shit down I
go to the bathroom I take the longest
pee I've ever taken
I moan the entire time because for some
reason I just get this hmm ecstasy when
I be I take off all my clothes I put on
my pajamas I grab the biggest glass I
can find and I fill it with whatever the
fuck liquid is in my fridge I plot my
fat ass on the couch I turn on Netflix i
watch about three and a half hours of
Fringe and I check my Twitter
incessantly and then usually while I'm
on Twitter I see somebody who wrote a
comment to me being like god you're so
fucking my
and then I write back you don't know how
hard I work you don't know what I do you
don't know how I'm going I'm grind in 24
hours a day seven days a motherfucking
week while I'm laying my pajamas
watching Fringe for three and a half
hours but you know what it is hard work
keeping up a fridge and story line is
fucking crazy and the last question is
the one that you've all been waiting for
Shane when was your first time eating
chuckling I'm kidding the question is
when was your first kiss I already said
this before in a couple videos but if
you don't know my first kiss was with
Lisa but that was way before we were
even dating and we were just making a
video and then right after we kissed she
left and went ha ha ha that was weird
and then we didn't kiss each other for
another 3 years after that it was love
at first sight
if you're blind and your side is delayed
by three years huh well guys those are
all the questions hopefully you learned
a lot of shit about me you didn't even
give a fuck about and the entire time
your body thinking Shane take off that
thumb and and there you can have it so
I'm gonna put all these questions down
in the crotch you guys can answer all of
them in the comments you get answer 1 2
however min you want let's get all
personal with each other you don't have
Sam I'm tired of reading comments and
just say lol or you're not funny or
you're bad I think we should have a
conversation I want to get to know you
guys a lot more so do that all right you
guys hope you have fun hanging out me
I'd fine hang out you and I promise
tomorrow will be a normal blog
I'm just gotta get some work done today
and by work I mean I'm still trying to
figure out fridge I mean has anybody
watch that show like it's so confusing
are they in the past are they the
present are they in the future where are
they why is the main character's name
not Pacey I'm very confused that's Pacey
why does the main actress talk like Sean
Connery why does she talk - there's a
lot of things that are very confusing
and I think I'm the only person who
watches it so if you watch it leave me a
comment I would love to know all right
you guys I made it go I love you bye
rookies if I had this week miss Mays you
want I don't know I think that the whole
week
