Oh oh my god oh hey guys I'm just sorry
I'm stretching I'm practicing I'm about
to go inside to the fine brothers place
and do some youtubers react to viral
videos so I'm just reacting you know I'm
just reacting this was $5 what I just
farted
that's not a surprise I can't react to
that so today's gonna be fun we're gonna
do some youtubers react and then we're
gonna have my family portion of my mom's
birthday celebration so it's gonna be
all a bunch of family members being
crazy most likely playing dance video
games and nobody drinks at my house but
they're still gonna be very very drunk
and I'm definitely gonna react to that
most likely by covering my eyes and
vomiting whoa oh my god I found Milly oh
my god really what have they done to you
what have they done to you why isn't
there somebody's hand in your butt right
now
what's happening why is your pictures of
children everywhere why is there a huge
gold dildo why is there a box of tissues
next to a flip cam next to you who's
jerking off with you because it's not me
that makes me anyway okay so we just
finished filming youtubers reacting it
went very well
I was very negative and I made fun of
everything so people are gonna think I'm
an asshole but you guys know that I am
NOT an asshole I am a penis hole and now
we're gonna go and I want to try to get
a sneak peek I'm home I'm home I'm home
I'm home I'm home I'm home I'm home
don't act so excited
well I'm pretending like I just got home
in reality I go home like three hours
ago
but I'm wrapped in a blanket so it's
more realistic that I just got home
because I just want to come back home to
care out and get a big and you corn is
now in a sweater is where those people I
know and then I ate a sweater so we are
getting ready to go to my mom's house to
stop a birthday I really fucking tired I
don't like waking up at 8 in the morning
I got people
it's just not my day you know but it's
fine I'm just gonna walk over there
wrapped in a blanket and go to sleep
happy birthday bitch guess what guys
it's your birthday
this isn't fair you've already had a
birthday so I don't know I think that
the whole week with my the whole hang
with chain week I mean honestly if you
take the camera out there Shane there is
like three cakes there's so yeah she's
so wasted so excited we have my Aunt
Linda we have Alicia you guys are here
how was it going
could not be less interesting exciting
although needless to say if you guys
don't remember which I'm sure you do
because it's unforgettable alicia has a
little thing where she throws up if I
make a throw-up sound I'm not gonna do
it I'm not gonna anyways come on have
you sorry I'm sorry I had to clear my
throat hey mmm
had something so mom beeper huh
like what does it feel explain within
the feeling that you get this is what
you get you don't fuck I know so we're
having fun so question of the day is
gonna be what makes you want to throw up
I'm gonna go with any public display of
affection between Kardashians what makes
you that burp what makes you wanna throw
ooh when I think of that show of
monsters inside of me I think of those
what makes but what makes you want to
throw believeth besides the actual noise
if someone they can describe perfectly
to a tee
what like a festering but you mean like
this say for example like you had an
infection and started turning a little
bit yellow and then it started you know
a little bit green all crusty and then
like it started opening up a little bit
we I got a few game with me yeah oh oh
okay oh God I'll just leave you be
mom's waist if mom's drunk she'll be
puking in a minute I can't cross my eyes
again honey
all right okay this I cross my eyes and
then it kind of hurting anything
can you go Dreyfuss I'm just willing to
cross my eyes it really took all three
of us one two three oh that's good here
way so yes all in all it's been a great
Mother's birthday
everybody's wasted everybody's throwing
up and we realized that Miley looks just
like a Furby check out a side-by-side
see what I mean except for Miley is not
as cool or interesting or fun to play
with as a Furby but unicorn is and she
is all right you guys hope you had fun
hanging out but hang out with you now
see you tomorrow say bye mom happy
birthday now say buying you in your
drunk voice said drunk not retarded but
that's fine bye you don't like them
thank you girl puppies is human
