hey what's up you guys good fucking
morning it is 8:30 I'm very tired I have
my Sephora sleeping mask and my Cabbage
Patch doll to prove it my little sleep
and buddy oh my god
look it's Taylor Swift and Harry on no
wait we're still together
ladies me go yes a lot of things
happened this week including that a huge
breakup
a shocking breakup Taylor baseball I
mean come on do we really think that
wasn't gonna break in like five days is
that long it lasted five you know what
else what are you okay side note
well these Saturday videos are unedited
and just me and you sitting talking and
me still with my morning boner so let's
get down to the nitty-gritty
we'll start with Taylor Swift and then I
want a segue into Kim Kardashian because
I know everybody's wanting to know what
I think about that you guys don't care
what I think about that you know what I
think about that I think it's fucking
retarded well let's get back to theatres
I've talked about this before I think I
understand her now I think I get it you
know everybody wasn't assuming she's
just like a big crazy slut I think she's
just a big crazy you know I don't think
it's okay I don't think it's a sexual
thing I don't even think she has sex
with these guys maybe like once or twice
and she's not into it the whole time
she's just like roaming you know it's a
like she's not even there um I think
it's more like a crazy like I need a man
i need a man to run my claws into and
then suck them dry and then ditch them
and then write a song about him and
fight another man Klaus like who knows
it could be a woman next she could go
for my mom speaking of which happy
birthday mom it's my mom's birthday
today everybody send her a happy
birthday tweet weird time up crazy
Taylor yeah so that's what I think I
think she's just crazy and I think she
needs help which is funny we're all
crazy I mean did I mention I'm wearing
it's a for mask
moving on Kim Kardashian okay so first
of all congrats on the baby second of
all what when did that happen
like why how did that happen
I worth a they were together I didn't
even know Kanye West until then Kim
Kardashian or I thought con us died back
when he like humiliated Taylor Swift I
didn't even know he was still around I
thought he left after that that I went
to Africa
I thought he pulled the Chappelle but I
guess he's back at now he's having sex
with one of the Kardashians luckily Kim
I mean God I mean Khloe would have had a
baby hmm
I just don't I don't understand why
people care about her like I get it what
people care about Kanye cuz he's like
you know the successful rapper like the
Kardashians listen I love making fun of
celebrities but I also love actors and I
love directors and I love people who are
talented and I just don't get it I get
Paris Hilton oh I get it
she's a joke in a good way and she gets
it she plays with it Kim Kardashian
doesn't play with anything she has no
emotion she has no expression she just
sits there I have big ass that's all she
does like she just sits on her big ass
and everybody's like look how big her
ass is and then her sister is like the
big ass - how come nobody's looking at
me it's like well Khloe because you're a
monster I don't know I don't know why
people like the question of the day do
you like the Kardashians if so why okay
on to my third topic and final topic of
the day my new video today did you guys
like it it was crazy it was really
fucking crazy I feel like I'm already
talking about this last week but I feel
like I'm back I'm back to old Shane I'm
making weird fucking videos I haven't a
weird fucking green screen I'm making
weird fucking wigs I'm showing my weird
fucking chest hair pretending to be from
Afghanistan if you haven't seen the
video that's just go watch it I'm gonna
come back right or have I lost my mind
have I pulled the Taylor Oh God get
ready because I'm gonna close in to you
it's get dried throw you to the curb and
move on maybe to your animals and your
parents and then your soul I'm just
gonna stop what it might be talking
about anymore goodnight
I love you guys I'll see you tomorrow or
Monday or how often do you do these
stupid fucking videos every day
we paid Mr Mullaly
