look at these three bitches too close to
her weirds me out
so last week that little doggy door fell
on unicorn and she screamed and Lauren
like a big mom was like she ran over
move the gate grabs unicorn and heroic
Lea ran and took unicorn to safety too
bad you're all scrambled inside so we
are here filming a video I'm very
excited it's a shanaynay video there's a
lot going on
it also has me in 55 years take a look
so yeah it's gonna be a crazy one what
are you doggies think god this is so sad
they're like the emptiest party in the
world nobody cares about you you know in
55 years charlie
you'll be dead just giving them a
reality check all right you guys
it's all happening it's all happening
hey I love you oh my god twice don't
worry you're gonna be big bird in about
five minutes he'll know okay so we're
about to film Mary Poppins skit I have
my beautiful children here good god the
daughter that the other sister Oh No so
we were here and you know every time a
child comes into my house I learned
something new and today I learned that
Taylor Swift and Harry Styles broke up
what I don't believe that it was true
love right like all of her relationships
of course I know like come have time
like close like oh maybe I'll do a Harry
Styles Taylor Swift video now they're
broken up I got to scrap it bitch give
us a minute um so what do you think you
think that it was staged you don't
believe in true love Laurens had like
500 boyfriend her more she's she's found
true love God what do you think I don't
know I guess I'd have to agree with Emma
I mean it's just like I'm tired of
hearing about it I'm tired of hearing
about it too like forever I'm tired of
hearing about it
it's a question of the day since you
guys are tired of hearing about it too
do you think it was fake or not faked
their whole relationship I think it was
real I believe in love
I believe everybody here is too young to
get that reference except for you we're
all by five finally we agree on
something grandma what's going on well
look who I found hey baby what's your
name do you not like people who are
white but think they're black cuz
they're colorblind or do you just not
like drag queens I know you're kind and
I don't like it hey guys so I was
looking for a prop and asked my mom I
said hey mom where's that huge
double-ended penis dildo and she goes
there's so many things wrong with that
number one I have a penis paraphernalia
box and number two my mom is so calm
about it I would show you guys what I'm
holding right now but I think I could
get flagged for it maybe I'll just show
you like just like the tip fight a
nickel for every time I heard that yeah
that's it actually that kind of looks
like baloney
haha alright y'all it is the end of the
day that was a very good video shoot day
I don't think I've had a day like that
in a while was very intense
Sheneneh had a lot of crazy shit going
on as she always does she had a lot of
constipation going on as well as she
always does but we had a lot of fun what
do you think muffins okay I swear to god
muffins was right there two seconds ago
she should be so excited about being on
camera now she's kind of like Britney
Spears I basically got a tire down a
drug er my parents' welkins come on
don't be a Britney muffins they all want
to know what you're doing what have you
been up to
what is this huge clump of gray pubes
fine don't talk you know my fence I was
kidding nobody fucking cares nobody okay
they do Oh
I tried my best so question of the day
you have any pets that's kind of random
but I have obviously a lot of pets if
you guys have seen I have well at my
mom's house she has three dogs two cats
they're mine but they're mostly hers and
then at my house I have one dog
so in total including my brother that's
a lot of bits aren't you guys I hope you
had fun hang with us - hang with you and
I was at you tomorrow
did you enjoy high school next question
what was your favorite song during high
school
