shopping she's too prissy for the thrift
shop she doesn't like the sweater daddy
got it for a quarter well daddy's never
getting you anything again daddy's done
with you know Oh God I'm just kidding I
love you come back never leave me again
actually you know what leave because
you're killing me I mean look at these
scratches she got black lady nails hey
what's up you guys yes the reason I
danced well had a seizure too that song
is because today is a tag video all
about high school and I know you're
thinking high school what does it have
to do with the thrift shop everything
the rib shop smell like piss I pissed my
pants every single day of ninth grade
thrift shops are full of black people my
high school is full of black people one
of the reasons I pissed my pants every
single day in a thrift shop for just a
dollar you can get something really cool
I had to give a dollar to a big fat lies
to be Mexican every day so she didn't
kill me high school yeah so let's get
into the tag question shall we and
before I start the reason I'm doing
these tag videos once in a while on this
channel is because honestly today I did
not do it so the vlog would have been
very very bored I stayed up all night
editing my Saturday video for my main
channel and then I literally just woke
up at 5:00 p.m. all right first question
what year did you graduate I graduated
in oh that was so much fun to say back
then you know like we were all sitting
the audience and the teacher be like
what year is it Oh what do they do now
though like 12
I guess 13 is good 10 is the worst
though can Oh Karen
yeah doesn't have the same ring to it
where did you go to high school I went
to Lakewood High School which is in the
center of Long Beach and when I always
make jokes about how many black people I
went to school with I am not joking it
is very very serious my school was so
overflowing with black it looked like
Gabourey Sidibe in stretch pants
and I wouldn't have had it any other way
how did you feel in ninth grade
well I remember specifically the first
day of 9th grade because the night
before Kelly Clarkson won American Idol
so I had a lot of mixture of emotions I
was happiest I'd ever been in my entire
life because Kay Clarke wand and I was
almost terrified I've ever been in my
entire life because I knew that high
school had wooden desks and I didn't fit
into those and I knew I would have to be
at a table in the back of the class
which is where I was all through middle
school right next to the classroom
guinea pig but luckily on my first day I
ran into a couple friends that I met in
middle school and we just suffered the
entire day together and I peed my pants
but we'll get into that later what was
your favorite class pressingly enough I
like PE
I was in PE with a lot of crippled
people I don't know if that was
intentional but I do know that we played
a lot of dodgeball and since there was
cripple people I wasn't the first target
and once in a while I wasn't picked last
it was me five amputees and then a deaf
girl
we were the true Avengers but instead of
saving the world we got to get out of
class five minutes early every day so we
can get to our next class without the
hassle of other people hitting us avenge
ours what was your favorite year of high
school picking a favorite year of high
school is kind of like picking a
favorite Oh town member they're all
equally forgettable equally depressing
and equally embarrassing so I'm gonna go
with Ashley Parker angel and that would
be 12th grade
did you enjoy high school next question
what was your favorite song during high
school my favorite song is a rap song
called Rudd whoa girl let me see you
drip sweat well yeah let me see you drip
sweat so me my friends would play that
song all the time at school and like all
the teachers would know and everybody
would dance to it and then one time at a
pep rally they were like ooh play run
what we didn't know was run is the
censored version because the actual
version is called Cub and the look on my
teachers faces when the real version
glared through the speakers is priceless
I love this song let's all sing it
together kids I'm trying to get you push
away well let me see okay wait
children cover your ears deaf girl stop
reading lips it's the only pep rally
where the cheerleaders dance actually
correlated with the song sluts did you
have a high school crush this is gonna
sound very very weird and very
stereotypical fat kid but I didn't I
think my brain was so cluttered with how
much I hated myself that I couldn't even
open my eyes to see anything let alone
thinking that
some girl would be interested in me wow
that's sad this video just got very
depressing
we should play that song again I'm
trying to Jersey we're all better who is
your favorite teacher my favorite
teacher as you guys already know is
somebody that I've done a vlog with
randomly her name was Miss E well she
told me to call her Sarah I love what
teachers say that after you graduate
it's so sexual even though she does not
mean it to be sexual because she has
eyes and she saw me but she was
definitely my favorite teacher because
she is the one that introduced me to
videos she was like hey Shan instead of
doing an essay why don't you make a
bucket video and I did so Missy well
apologize to the world because you
created this what is your favorite
memory so I told you earlier I peed my
pants and that was not a lot I actually
have a very very very small bladder and
I had kind of a bladder problem I pee my
pants over a lot of situations I haven't
done it since I was like 16 but when I
did do it it was usually because I
either laughed too hard or I got really
scared or because I was thinking about
it and there was in a bathroom around
like if I think about something it's
gonna happen it's like final destination
with piss luckily I never shit my pants
that's a lot harder to cover up because
when you piss your pants you just like
spill a diet coke on it and be like oh
no I gotta change my rounds if you shit
you can't just like spill a chocolate
cake on it unless you were me and you
might chocolate cake in your backpack
all the time and I guess I could have
and the final question is what is one
thing you wish you knew in high school
that you know now oh how Taylor Swift of
you tag question I think this is
something I've already told you guys
before but unicorn haha
I would tell myself to not give a fuck
because like I've said before nobody
cares I should have just been myself for
the whole four years instead I acted
like a really weird creepy kid in the
first three years because I didn't talk
which I thought made me look cool but in
turn it actually made me look like a
Unabomber and then in 12th grade when I
actually started talking people were
like she is funny so then I started
talking with a deep fake voice I
actually cried the first time somebody
called me sir yikes
aren't you guys those are the tag
questions for high school I will put
them in the description you can leave
some comments answering all of them or
one of them make a video response if you
want and a side note I'm having a lot of
fun with these daily vlogs I'm doing
something different and I hope you guys
are like you I'm not just doing vlogs
I'm doing tag questions I'm doing makeup
tutorials I'm doing dance videos I just
want to have fucking fun this year
fucker so subscribe tell your friends
tell them this crazy man with a lesbian
haircuts making weird shit on me but
then tell them you don't know how you
found it because you don't watch him
because he's crazy hide you guys hope
you had fun hanging with me at Penang
with you and I will see you tomorrow
also check out Lisa's new video today
she's doing daily vlogs now and she did
a video with unicorn and he's doing the
Gangnam style dance she's doing the game
spell dance wait she's doing the game
style dance oh my god me and unicorn
have so much in common
nobody knows what we are I do I love you
