hey everyone so today I'm gonna be
giving you some makeup tips abdi now you
probably have noticed earlier in the
vlog I have a huge scratch on my face
well I dig into a fight yesterday
and let's just say Michelle Phan may or
may not have thrown a Chinese throwing
star at my face it's a really tough life
being a makeup guru so as you can say I
have a huge box of Rands and makeups
that I've just collected over the years
and oddly enough I have a lot of black
people makeup which is really weird
because I've never actually communicated
with a black person before if your skin
tone is like two shades above honey I
don't even fuck with that I mean if
you're even close to chocolate i get
to-- to nosh either way let me show you
what I do have I have this beautiful
Maybelline foundation powder blush and I
think you put it on your face I'm smart
so you just open it up just like that
can't fucking get it
you know what you just break it on the
counter there we go totes Perth so I
just usually put my finger in here in
the sink and then just put it on your
fingers like this and then you just like
do this right so then after you Pat it
all over your face you take one of these
this is actually Indian ponytail that I
stole from Locks of Love Shh don't tell
any survivors so I just do this and then
I wipe all over my head and I make sure
to get my lips you don't want to give
off the wrong impression if your lips
are uncovered a guy thinks you would
like to talk a lot and they're never
gonna shove their dick in your mouth
and the last step is gelling down my
moustache now I have this huge jug of
99-cent store hair gel la vella it's
alcohol free so you can drink it it also
says avoid contact with eyes don't
believe everything you read let's put
this in our eyes alright here we go I am
just gonna get a little handful just
wipe it on your lips like that and the
guys won't even be able to tell that you
have a hormone deficiency how does it
look now if you want to go the extra
mile you can also put this on the inside
of your armpits now you don't want the
guys to see this you want to keep this
secret the most fun part is later on of
the night when you go to hug your
girlfriend's you hear a crackling sound
alright and we're done and I bet you're
not even looking any
we're near my cut yes I have been
watching an obscene amount of makeup
tutorials lately and for those of you
wondering I was gonna have to throw this
makeup thing away anyways because I
dropped it in toilet so hope I'm not
being wasteful I'm being creatively
destructive so that's my question of the
day
do you watch makeup tutorials like I do
and if so who are you watching because I
can't fucking stop I don't know why and
my lips are really starting to burn
right now so I'm gonna go take this off
and then I'm gonna put something even
more disgusting on my face what is my
life wow that sounds terrible who would
watch that you know what they really
want to see huh
