I'm walking through the jungle and I see
a really gay doggy toy a really gay
doggy blanket and a really gay doggy and
he's really gay oh no what are you doing
I'm just laying you know me and unicorn
today slept until 2:00 o'clock lately is
how we sleep and eat um I don't know
it's a good question no me and eunuch
went literally well she started sleeping
with you at like 10:00 and then I got
into bed at like 5:00 a.m. and she slept
with me till 2:00 so if you do the math
that's a long time from 10:00 to 2:00
no she's insane and she it's so cute you
guys like sleep like us spoon like you
and I don't know that's disgusting
you even talks ya know it's cute when I
do it with Doc my mom is dropping off my
shenana costume and I'm gonna film my
first shanaynay vlog how exciting oh she
yeah yeah you know I'm sorry oh yeah
yeah yeah I know so the shenana blog I
had as you guys might have known from
Twitter at a very very weird
well me only had a very weird experience
last night where Katt Williams tried to
kill us I decided it's too good of a
story just to throw away so Sheneneh is
gonna reenact it so it's a first time
shenana has done like a vlog on my main
channel but I feel like it's gonna be
really fucking funny and I'm I could has
killed my cat Williams again actually so
we'll see what happens
my mom is on her way right now so
hopefully she's bringing me some drugs
we're all about drugs in this house and
sleeping haha okay guys she's here how
disturbing is this it looks like a crime
scene there's like blood a severed head
some kind of poop smear it was a wild
knife at his bitch guess who's in the
house she's here yeah listen you don't
have to invite a bitch I just walk in
throw my keys in the fishbowl take off
my clothes we swing or we swig
are you doing tonight oh you know we're
just hanging out we're just you know
listening to some music killing some
people doing meth the yoozh
Sunday night Walking Dead whoo I love
watching that show high on meth it's the
only way I understand slash enjoy it
whoo the little bitch in your lab I'm a
little late this is new corn huh you
know what she needs some meth yes in a
third eye bro ah I don't know I feel
like it might be toxic and dangerous
they test make up with animals right
that's how they do it we could do our
own test perfect I've always wanted to
get arrested for animal abuse I've been
arrested for everything else so what are
you working on what do you I'm looking
at your computer right now what's going
on um I'm doing a vlog a daily vlog what
does that mean um it's just it means
that I carried a camera around with me
all day when I did nothing in people
like to watch it wow that sounds
terrible who would watch that you could
make it fun what same people watch it
you know what they really want to see
huh come on give it to me I'm not really
into medicine give it to me give it to
me Oh
three-way ah okay well I'm gonna go from
a video on the other room you have fun
with your little bitch don't you touch
it my fucking lipstick bitch I swear to
God I will kill you know what I'll take
that as a personal assault and I'm a
personal assault you later for that so
I'm very excited right now I'm going to
be in a lisbug vlog what are we doing
leaseback we're gonna wash our little
puppy Corning uh
I'm so disappointed I mean all I wanted
to do was get naked in a bathtub with
you and now we're putting an animal in
there I mean the three of us can get
naked at Tech I mean if it was a boy dog
maybe although this does kind of look
like a penis so it is it's really
confusing I've heard that a lot before
okay we're gonna do this I don't want to
give too much away because you have to
watch Lisa's version but I'll give you a
hint
I'm probably gonna kill this dog I mean
if we haven't killed her by now it's
been really scary like today I took her
out to go pee and poop and then I was
just like la la la la la was singing
Tupac songs in my head I was watching
Fat Lady's go by and her little jogging
outfit
next thing I know that little bitch all
the way down the street you never put a
leash on a woman sneak peek guys
the saddest thing you'll ever see in
your whole life is not a spa this is a
dirty bathtub with your bare feet that I
piss into every morning yeah I stopped
pooping in there you should be happy
isn't she lovely isn't she wet and
horrified she did not like that
experience that did not go well Kitty
Concours I guess so if you guys want to
watch her actually getting a bath and
hating every second of it check out
Lisa's channel but I've linked at the
end of this video um so that is it for
today I'm gonna edit my new vlog I'm so
excited it's gonna go up on Shane's main
channel I think next Saturday I'm not
really sure girl let me just tell you I
am just going on a rant I thought so
much shit in that vlog I gave so many
good faces in that vlog I am ready to
take over Shane's channel we're done
with him right he thinks he could bring
in all these new people like fruit Lupe
I inhaled up the bitches are old
I'm the new shit technically I'm old
because I've been around longer than
they have I'm kind of like the Christina
Aguilera and they're like the Carly Rae
Jepsen the hell is in my hair oh my god
there's a weapon in my hair just where I
left it
alright you guys it's the end of the day
hmm God it gets weirder every time I
hope you guys had fun hanging with me
cuz I had my name with you and I will
see you tomorrow
question of the day I really am thinking
about doing these shanaynay vlogs on my
main channel so it leave a comment
giving me a topic for her what do you
want her to rant about you want her to
rant about a certain celebrity a certain
movie a certain TV show you want her to
rant about relationships technology I
don't fucking know anything you guys
want to leave your comments down there I
will see you tomorrow and I love you
guys bye eyebrow whoa why is she so
scared her previous owner was art Kelly
she should be used to warm water
dripping on her head I was at the store
Claire's the other day and I was like
you
anymore I'm a god
