good morning hey what's up guys yes it
is Saturday morning yeah I've never been
so excited to be up this early on a
Saturday you know why because first
things first
bringing a video my main channel the
first new video of the new year and I
feel like it's getting back to my roots
I feel like it's funny and simple and
stupid and crazy and offensive and I a
terrible green screen I'm very excited
about it so please PLEASE fucking check
it out second reason I'm excited
Bradon layouts I don't know if you've
noticed but all three of my channels
look totally different my friend Tony or
as you guys probably know his channel
blackboxtv um me and him stayed up all
my last night making these lay up well
he made him I just sat there and held it
a huge fart for like five hours and then
when I like right when I left and he
shut the door hey see you later boom Oh
literally exploded from the waist down
you don't know so I'm very excited let
me explain the layout if so okay open up
another window right now go to thank new
window and go to my main channel or any
of my channels and you'll see my new
layout so as you can tell it's fucking
crazy but let me explain it on the left
side you're gonna see me and a girl in a
wheelchair with a unicorn horn taped to
her head flying through outer space now
the whole purpose of this and I put a
little thing next to it that says leave
your problems behind me so the whole
point was and hopefully you guys get it
although I'm explaining it whatever
you'll get it
the whole point was that you know my
channel I wanted to get back to the
reason I started making videos in the
first place which was to take you guys
away from all your bullshit and all your
problems for like five minutes just once
a day and that's why I started and I
feel like it was kind of a symbolic
thing to have a girl in a wheelchair
flying through outer space with me
because it's kind of like who cares that
you can't walk bitch
let's fly fuck it let's get high on PCP
and just flood through this guy I don't
know why she's a unicorn horn on her
head that was a creative choice I was a
little high when I made that one up no
I'm just kidding a little bit
so that's that I really hope you guys
like that layout and I don't know why
just explained the entire thing because
you guys are smart so you probably got
it but I guess the whole point of me
explaining it was today I wanted to talk
about the past in the future since it's
Saturday and we just sit here and ramble
and the reason this video is called dear
Miley Cyrus is because I wanted to give
her a message now this is gonna sound
very very weird and Miley if you're
watching this which I really hope you
are not no I hope you are because I have
a message I for the last year I've had
nightmares every single night about
meeting Miley Cyrus and her punching me
in the fucking face which if she met me
in real life and punched me in the face
I'd get it I'd be like get it girl I
understand because I have been a
terrible terrible person when it comes
to making fun of her and I'm in front of
her a lot like two or three years ago
and that was back when I just didn't
really care and I I kind of I didn't
think anybody would see them like I
didn't think celebrities actually would
know what the fuck I was doing nobody
would care just being crazy and then I
thought about him like well how I'm
actually probably hurting people's
feelings and this is terrible so I cut
back and over the last year I haven't
really made fun of that many celebrities
and if I have it's not like that mean
like the Taylor Swift video it wasn't
really mean to her so Miley Cyrus if
you're watching this I just want to say
I'm sorry and I I never meant to hurt
your feelings and if you ever saw my
videos and your feelings were hurt
that's totally horrible and I'm sorry
and you know you're just you're famous
you're rich you're famous you have crazy
hair you have a crazy dad and you were
on the Disney Channel you were right for
the for the picking on and now that I
look back I realized wow I probably
shouldn't have made some of those jokes
because they were very very mean and I
have a lot of body issues and I have a
lot of issues with myself and if
somebody pointed them out all the time
I'd probably kill myself so kudos
freeing life and for not killing
yourself and I can't imagine how much
you
through every day with people fucking
talking about you I mean I understand on
a small scale but but yeah so Miley I'm
sorry so if you guys want tweet this
video to Miley Cyrus she'll never watch
it but if she does I just want her to
know that if I ever meet her in person
she could punch me in the face and I
will say yeah I'm sorry I saw her at a
restaurant like a few months ago and I
really wanted to go up to her just my
mom was like go up to her and apologize
she's such a sweet girl and I'm like I
know but I'm scared
her boyfriends there and oh god he's
Australian is he Australian did I make
that up no I feel like she's into
foreign guys so there you go that's my
my message to Miley and that's my
message to you guys think about what you
say and what you do because you're gonna
look back and be like oh I shouldn't
have done that or oh wow or maybe oh I'm
glad I did that because I learned from
that because you know what I have
learned from making videos for four
years I've learned a lot of things about
myself and I've learned a lot of things
I should not say such as Miley Cyrus dad
molester probably gonna kept that one to
myself it was definitely a lot funnier
when I was playing Miley Cyrus and Jared
was playing her dad that was funny
looking back in retrospect maybe she
didn't think it was funny but all that
being said I'm not gonna stop making fun
of celebrities and I'm not gonna stop
being crazy but I am gonna tone it down
a little bit so um that's all I have to
say today I love you guys so much what
is your question of a conversation
question of the day what god this is
hard oh I don't want to edit this video
okay um what are you excited about this
year I'm excited about making SD High
and putting it on YouTube what are you
excited about are you excited about
school or you said about one in college
are you excited about getting pregnant
getting a dog what makes you excited
talk to me
some comments and I will see you guys
soon sorry this video was so long oh my
god I love you guys so much
check out the new video
