guess who's here guys and guess who's on
my bed
we'll start with Lauren look how fat you
are with all those cupcakes and sushi
rolls of course she was she always
talked about fat cheese and she's not
even look who else is here guys it's
Wendy aka to Swizzy and hash tag team
title are you so did you like the way
the video came out yeah better
say it yeah it was amazing Shane you're
the best it was the best it was what
visionary yeah you know it was like
avatar for YouTube it was like Titanic
for YouTube hmm did you not like that
you know I like the one we did yeah
that's right me and Wendy did a Titanic
spoof I'll put up a picture right now
boom that was a memory look man yes
absolutely Wendy's here we're doing
another Taylor Swift video about if
Taylor Swift was president and as you
can guess guys it's not gonna go well
Taylor Swift is not going to be a good
president she's most likely gonna get
shot
speaking of which so I had this picture
for inspiration right above our
recording studio so what did you say
about this big I don't understand why
they didn't take out her beard she kind
of looks like the lion from Wizard of Oz
no I thought Taylor Swift on Dick Clark
or he's dead right I saw her on New
Year's Eve thing and guys I'm gonna go
out on a limb here container Swift not
sing because it was not good and I don't
hate her anything but it was just not
good did you you know but you said that
you knew she couldn't sing all along
well live performances it's hard for her
maybe she'll get better Java Java yeah
get back at that did you see the video
Lauren for trouble oh god we have a lot
to catch up on
look who's meeting her auntie I'm never
letting her lick me again
okay oh no you're I mean today I did
make you get me a coffee bean so the
time could come where I make you pick up
a poop I mean there's no way okay pick
up my poop first okay oh that was really
good it was like you were that was like
Taylor was here with us yeah where'd she
go she's got weight learning good yours
is pretty good
oh no God it's like nightmares yes I
love the fact that you're wearing I
think that's my Miss Piggy dress no I
don't think uh maybe like three or four
years ago I don't know it's pretty small
no well how do you feel right now do you
feel like Taylor really bothered and
angry and wanting to a celebrity
and then dump them write a song about
them do you think that's what happens
you think that they break up with her no
I feel like she breaks it up because I
feel like she's self sabotaging that's
what I do with videos like I almost fire
Lauren just to see her cry and then I
get inspired and I read a funny video
yeah by the way you're fired
I'm sweaty as a mother up on you in
front
sweatiest for what wait a minute did I
just blend two songs sweaty as a
at starships right or is that Gangnam
style he said the same thing both
terrible both singers can hardly speak
English yeah it's the same thing all
right you guys at his hand of the day I
got back from filming that was a long
day but it was fun that MIT is gonna be
up next Saturday tomorrow is gonna be a
new video
I'm very excited about it's gonna be I
don't wanna give it away but I'll give
you a hint there's gonna be a little bit
of jenna Marbles in it and a lot of a
Kardashian in it so get ready and the
Taylor stuff video will be next Saturday
so I'm excited I feel like I'm back
bitches I'm back I'm making videos I'm
happy my videos are crazy as ever I'm in
a good mood I'm excited 2013 mother
 it's here and it's full of wings
we got unicorn who is completely asleep
over here hey sup I'm
trying to sleep man
uh-huh yeah so hopefully you guys had
fun today I had fun hanging with you a
question of the day oh I think I hear
Lisa I think Lisa's home
okay so Lisa's here and she taught
cornea trick okay ready little corny
style to death wait to acquit she's not
too mean you okay
she's really good she was doing that she
got shy she's got a good sense dancing
corny little corny style she's not gonna
do it question of the day guys what what
should corney's middle name be is that
too much
yeah and then if we pick your name we'll
say your name in the next vlog what's
your little corny Stiles middle maybe I
love you hope you're funny of us we're
coming at you corny style
