guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Chris fucking Crocker oh my god the
original show original Shep Queen drew
is here at Jess's here it was incredible
it was 11 it's like you're here we pizza
we talked about YouTube drama we talked
about Britney Spears we talked about
literally ever living everything we
could sex tapes it was amazing how do
you feel I feel fucking shook because
you know it's such an honor to be what
this is you guys have to hear this song
mouse so listen to the podcast because
that was so unexpected or anything guys
check it out something a brother does
okay which would be guy yes welcome back
to another creepy video one of the most
vulnerable places that you can be is in
that you take off your clothes and you
step into a nice warm bath but what if
somebody breaks in your house like all
the lights turn off what if there's an
earthquake or some other natural
disaster you are literally naked in a
bucket of water I mean that's one of the
reasons I don't take that because I feel
anxious I can't relax what is the light
right above my back brakes have falls
into the tub and electrocute and I know
why because probably think I'm joking
but I'm not that could be a really scary
place just think about all the horror
movies that have used in over the years
Freddy Krueger when the growth in the
tub and his claws came out the water the
ring where Samara took over the boys
body and of course probably one of the
scariest scenes that has ever been in a
movie what lies beneath where she is
drugged and she can't move where the
water slowly filling up and it covers
her nose so she can't breathe I mean
that date alone is enough to make me
always take the shower but there is a
game involving the bath that I thought
it might be interesting if we played it
called the bath game or Daruma sauna
it's a game that originated in Japan
where you summon a grotesque ghost and
it will follow you all day sounds like a
pretty stupid idea which is why I'm not
going to do it alone
Garrett and drew are about to play back
what are you doing
the logs were moist because you let them
out did it they weren't properly covered
to their moistened so I had to use a
starter fly musically for what a man you
need to store your logs both my logs are
fine wait these are the law I wanted
these okay
I think it's let it I don't even need to
be yeah I think I think we're lit I
think we're we're properly lit your we
let it slip yes
okay so we're outside and we're about to
talk about the bathtub game now you know
all the rules you know how this works
I love them on my phone yes we are I
figured we can go through those in the
bathtub cuz we got this very
process-oriented this one very much so
but it is okay can I tell you something
this one is actually scary like you're
not ready oh my gosh
but this one is scary as hell like when
I was reading the rules but I thought
this is really gonna smooth this out
well let it scare because it's about
bringing a dead girl into your tub which
true I feel like you've done before I
have been the girl in - yes so basically
we're gonna summon a demon she's not a
demon she's just a ghost well whatever
she's a ghost and she's going to come in
our tub and then here's the twist this
is something we haven't done before so
after the ghost comes in our tub the
next morning we have to vlog ourselves
and see if she's with us in bed right
yeah but something really really scary
about this is that you have to turn your
back over do you know about that part
like you summon her and you hear like a
sound in the bathtub which is her
flowing in and gouging her eye out and
she's like in the bathtub and you can't
turn around you have to walk out of the
bath and knock books out that's what I
would do in real life like I didn't see
it what is that oh it's all messed up
cuz I want to build a fire should I kiss
it off yeah good that was literally the
way I drew all right
No okay what's in the fucking bag dad
dad music okay there's two things about
this video one of them is that well we
needed a solution so I went to their
store to look for like bathing suits and
like funny shirts for slaughter like in
the tub right oh I love that you're
passing your insecurities onto us but I
have to do so it's really Grohl wearing
shirts right in the tub come on we're
not going to be like three boys like
show those boys in the tub I don't know
me always late well listen so that was
one issue and then the other issue is
what kind of voltage Japanese woman that
died apparently by falling in the
bathtub we don't know what air she was
in so I thought to make her feel more at
home and because it's one thing we can
just throw away look what I found
I wish I got a plank dresses but they're
just they're short dresses what to wear
into the vent press it what are you
talking about well this one I got from
Drew can woman look kind of cool it
don't even look that dressy I think I
have it already
are you in this look in the back though
that matches your personality
I'm so confused why you got us dresses
because I was trying to get us like hot
the way I loved it I just got exposed
amanda bynes interview oh my god oh man
that's just like a shirt actually look
here we are this is not swimming it's
really not I'm doing that it needs to be
taken in a little Oh Shane you look
really cute though look outfit of the
night always fit on the night show me
competitions yeah it's been really fit
so we had to make it kind of like a
capelet happen here I feel like honestly
the only one runway walk
Wow good oh it's not over is it okay
good job your turn
this is actually really chilling this is
really gonna be a real amazing amazing
who are you wearing
Greta who are you wearing today um Terry
Sean doesn't mandate scary what's up
I'll show you what's underneath okay so
the bathtub that we're going to be using
hi the bathtub that we're going to be
using is this one which used to be where
my cat's litter box was so you might be
some catch it and what my turtle has
been before
that's the size of a lot of memories
wait so we all have to fit in here okay
this honestly my mysterious in prison or
by this is what we're gonna do in ten
years out roaming about all right guys
go ahead wait join the party
what we're going to standing here while
Garrett gives us the rules all right so
the idea here is that we introduced
before we go to bed cause we have to do
part of it in the morning as well as
here she's following us around okay
so we share our clothing well no for not
doing I get of a climb into the tub and
sit down facing the faucet and taps way
we have to sit like that wait like Oh
like we're on the log ride Oh like it
yeah we're like Oh
the clip Oh answer wash your hair ad you
wash your hair repeat the words Daruma
saw and fell down the room is on sale
down
do not stop repeating them until you
have finished washing your hair if we
perform this correctly you'll gain as a
mental image of a Japanese woman
standing in the bathtub
she will flip and fall wedding face
first on a rusty cap and gouging her
right eye out
so should you hear any noise behind you
or family movement do not turn around do
not open your eyes
ask aloud why did you fall into the
bathtub why do think the cat isn't real
wait you know we should do should we all
do it one by one because we can't all
stay here like I want to really do this
I don't like turn the lights off I have
a candle like I want to have a fucking
ghost attack me my dress this is so
scary
this one is actually scary I'm ready are
you
oh hey everyone welcome to my morning
your team what is it myself fully
dressed American hands oh oh it's
nothing bubblegum yeah yeah this is a
blender you can see some chocolate in it
here's what we're going to use to pour
on our head does the record of Campbell
has the most hair in it I've ever seen
also this is b1 this is no fucking
chocolate matrix 50 that's me okay so
where we were so don't have this cut on
the whole region at this point
hey guys worried wait to this tubby said
I'll be right back honey - oh God Canada
autumn down though I'm behind you yeah
okay okay thank you honey what if I went
under the bubble did something and we
never talked about it
okay so wait what you so you're going to
wash your hair and say daruma-san fell
down until your hair is clean basically
then you're going to be like you're
going to see her you're going to see
this Japanese woman kind of either
physically or in your head and then when
you like Center in the bathtub you have
to ask why did you fall in the bathtub
and then once you ask that like allow
the question to hang in the air and then
once you ask you have to walk out the
bathroom and do not look back okay you
could usually yeah okay this is actually
scary okay all right
I'm actually
absolutely they're going to rip us off
fell down in the Sun so yeah
Oh
why would you fall down
boom I'll kill it
okay okay okay okay oh my god okay hold
on you take this I mean a hopper spot I
don't like split second of all I am not
lying I swear I 100 percent felt
something touch my back you know in this
house I just wonder what spirit it is if
it's like you're playing games I'll play
games I don't know I thought it was
because me not good you did everything
right you asked her when you walked out
so then why and then once you go once
you go to bed you have to she's going to
be like with you tomorrow and I guess me
that's really scary because she's like
in there now yeah all right I'm ready
I think it'd be a sound he's gonna wait
why don't you night making the base done
no which is how it was in the bathtub
I don't know it literally was like you
and then I was like what was that I just
assumed it was you guys so return this
looks fake but it's not big that wasn't
you know I started doing you told me
that and then I started some weeks it
was interesting that wasn't the big thud
wait watching hat
alright we just watched the footage back
and that was not them so I don't know
what that was but it sound like it was
in that other room so it maybe it was
just the cat bugging I hope so what does
something happened in here between us me
and during the song I think you're good
good luck you had to do
okay closing the house threw us off tell
em they're gonna throw fell down
through myself why did you fall down
in some way I'm sorry this is spider I
saw it I know can't wait I was gonna
take them outside
I'm not going to kill your enemy dag
regard sure shook do something my
glasses off
what if they split up when I was washing
my hair but it didn't fit except table
Adela that came up it was creepy okay
come on I'm done you're done well you
scared the hell out of me but yeah I'm
just going to close my eyes and walk you
out now okay let me there can you hurry
up because I don't I don't know what to
do with that do you think your room son
brought it maybe to watch your hair and
you just fill up the blender with Walker
hey Jerome a song it's only God that
literally somebody drew Thompson
do you want to drop out will not be
found out we looking fell down
why did you follow rules
I was scared what it felt like I felt
everything okay
so we've all changed and now it's time
to talk about phase two so how does this
go what exactly do we have to do it's
complex every good work phone oh no I'm
gone
what so welcome drama so I don't dog
what for did you go to the main event
awaken at your usual time dude all right
with the game begins the moment you open
your eyes go about your day is normal
you'll feel the constant presence behind
you it is likely should you turn around
that you'll see nothing
however glancing over your right
shoulder that is close Shane stop
glancing over your right shoulder you
may occasionally reveal a glimpse of her
her hair will be blackened tangles in
July 1 I he's going to be drew she will
attempt to get closer and closer to you
if the day goes on should you spot her
and find that she's too close for
comfort you shall come to bear that is
stop and run away the idea is to put
some distance between you and her do not
allow for the catchy listen all day long
I'm making you have to see do you feel
her tomorrow yeah okay alright guys well
I wait there's something wrong there's
more capture her in your gaze by looking
over your right shoulder
she'll kita that is I cut you loose
while sweeping your arm down in a
chopping motion that sounds really silly
if you perform this action correctly a
winning condition will have been
achieved in the game will be over oh if
you had not performed the action
correctly run so basically if you censor
you shell toe mayor and that puts
distance between you and her and then
when you censor you have to shell kita
while looking over your right shoulder
to cut her loose or maybe we won't kill
her at all yeah something tells me me
well how are you feeling I haven't told
her yet
bring it on well we're all going to vlog
tomorrow morning and wake up I want to
say what we feel and I'm going to put
that in right now okay so being totally
honest last night when I went to bed I
ran to my bed like I lay into it and I
jumped and I put the covers over my face
like I just was afraid for some reason
this morning I had to go
tea and when I woke up to go pee I swear
I thought that Ryland was next to me
like I just felt the presence of a
person in bed next to me so I like
reached over so like you do that never
seen one there and I was like the folks
then I got up the peas and then I went
back to my bed and now I kind of feel ok
ok the room is on nothing
there's no dermis on in here sorry she
either stayed at chains or she followed
your room but she's not ain't hanging to
here with me honestly I feel great like
I feel better than I did yesterday later
guys go I don't know what happened
because that's in the future but I feel
like one of us is gonna die who's it
gonna be I'm good to go
also guys big announcement drew is
coming back to YouTube he has a brand
new video it's been like how many months
if it's April 7th a 6 month and this is
my first video back and it's really
exciting and I'm excited so watch it if
you want to see me in da house more
subscribe yeah there is a new video go
check it out or put the link down there
and also another comeback boy same for
this Queen right here so uh head on over
to my channel and watch me become Wonder
Woman by using dollar store material fun
we already watched that tonight
basically it's not gonna be too
different
well guys please go over their channels
and subscribe and watch the new videos
because the balls are back hey welcome
to town the boys are back in it
aren't you guys we're going to go die
