no shower a half-eaten plate of
chocolate cake and poop tea you know
what that means
we're on vacation and we're eating our
feelings well you are yes I am so we
decided to get away for a couple days
for New Year's so we are here in the
beautiful Santa Barbara the beach and I
am never gonna take my shirt off she's
blind in two eyes so today I thought
it'd be fun if we did something a little
bit different so instead of just
flogging the day why don't uh s-- and
you guys dance the day away so here we
go let's dance first and a bar
ha so there you go that was our dancing
through Santa Barbara hopefully you guys
got down with us so I know some of you
guys are thinking Shane what happened we
wanted a normal vlog we wanted your
shitty jokes we wanted to see what you
ate that day okay nobody's thinking that
so the reason that there was not a
normal blog today is because Lisa is
trying her hand out at daily vlogging oh
my goodness so she told me she kind of
wanted to try daily vlogging for maybe
the month of February for Valentine's
Day to give back so much love to all
y'all none to me no so I thought it'd be
fun if she tried it out today see how
she did I hope she did bad why I always
root for failure well I already recorded
your white undies sitting out on patios
but don't give it away so if you want to
check out her version of today's daily
blog check out her channel you can see
my underwear and her face so question of
the day today what song do you want to
see us dance to next time we're on
vacation
alright you guys hope you had fun
dancing with us we had fun dancing with
you and we will see you tomorrow cute
boys and big white underwear definitely
not white
Natalie brown let's
