hey what's up you guys I thought today
I'd do something a little bit different
so I'm gonna do a New Year's tag video
yay let's answer some questions okay
let's go what's one thing you did in
2012 that you never done before I pooped
in the shower
did anybody closer you give birth nope
did anybody close to die just my soul
what was your biggest failure of 2000
well I had a pimple on my lip and I kept
popping and popping popping popping
popping it and it scarred and it might
not have been a pimple what's the best
thing you bought mm well this little
fucker although I didn't buy her I
adopted her and she still costed $355
fuck what's the best book you read
what's your poop telling you looks like
mine likes to scream what's the best for
all video you saw the one where the dog
took a shit on its owner hold your
favorite moments 2012 did I tell you I
pooped in the shower did you make any
new friends no what was worse lie
somebody told you 2012 I love you what's
the biggest like you told me 2012 I'm
not gay what's your resolution for next
year to never make a video like this
again because really fucking annoying
and I'm starting right under breath all
right you guys that was my lightning
round tag questions for the New Year's
hopefully it was not as annoying to
watch as it was to film and I'll leave
the questions down in the crotch so you
guys can answer them in the comment
section or just pick one of your
favorites and answer them all in all
it's been a really good year so
hopefully you guys have had fun this
year watching me and I've had a lot of
fun watching you and also just word to
the wise
don't pick a pimple over and over and
over again I am not kidding it's scarred
and I had a pimple on my nipple that I
kept picking over and over again and now
in squirts out Plus don't believe me
you're ready for Plus yeah it's all
drained out I had a puss party last
night it was fun all right you guys hope
you have fun hang with me I'd fun hang
with you and I will see you tomorrow oh
my god we got a whole bag a puppy
clothes I expensive
