well guys we're officially those people
and by we I mean you are that person
you're that person - you wanted to do
this just as much as I did no you have
been begging and calling around I have
definitely been yelping and I've been
searching for a place that sells doggie
clothes okay explain like not like we
don't want to put her in tutus no god no
she's a lesbian we want to keep it all
flannel all stripes no who's the leather
I promise I'll play on all stripes you
know we want to keep it like real cool
she's a cool little bitch
American Apparel I've never actually
been in this store before and I know
you're surprised I was definitely
wearing a headband this morning but I do
that to keep my hair flat and it
obviously did not work but we're here
and we're gonna pick out some fucking
dog clothes are you ready for this
wake up America we're about to get real
gay up in this bitch
all right unicorn are you ready for this
look at your section oh my god it looks
like anorexic cutest or creepiest thing
in the world
Oh oh my god we got a whole bag of puppy
clothes
that was fucking very expensive my
favorite part is when a lady at the
counter was like oh my God he's so cute
what's your name and we're like unicorn
schwandt uh it's cute there was like
there was a delay I think she was like
processing she's like they're high
they're high on drugs that makes sense
that's why they're buying cut the
clothes look at my little lesbian oh my
god he won't let her buy anything pink
no it's a little baseball to you because
she plays softball cuz she's lesbian oh
my god unicorn that looks like me it
looks like a little meat right ready
heads up you guys alright y'all look
who's back
what you doing bitch yeah okay cool show
them what I got you for Christmas
it's a haul video yeah hey everyone
motherfuckers hell yeah purse
motherfucker put all your crack in there
bitch you know you should be like a
homie Shopping Network well you're like
you should fly this shit motherfucker I
don't know if the fuck it does track of
your tagline like you should buy just be
good mom would buy it we are here at
Ralph's in the middle of the night you
know why it's Saturday night but you
know really why we we are buying
macaroons because I've been wanting a
macaroon octoroon
fucking disgusting fucking idiot I'm
talking no disgusting no the French ones
I want that look like little burgers
little vaginas and they're full of gooey
wonderful goodness are you fucking
kidding me are you fucking kidding me
yeah the fuck is all this bullshit you
know what it isn't macaroons macaroons
it's about a nasty fucking shit that
looks like somebody took a piss on it
don't look like little opened up once
disgusting what's that face somebody eat
that put it back listen and it's not
name a good way to fuck up my cruise if
there was a happy in macaroon I'd
understand and I'd be like listen I'm
eating the other half but there's not I
say guys I don't have a craving right
now okay and I can't get rid of it it's
the sense we finna buy macaroons which
I'm still very depressed about
we cannot yes I hope again a cent a
billion macaroons in the myth somebody
feel bad if you guys are in France
that's expensive don't send me
Frandsen anyways we are in the frozen
yogurt place and Pam just fed a homeless
person how do you feel I really hope you
did see we were outside this homeless
guys like you have any money and I'm
like no but do you want to yogurt he's
like yeah but what kind of meal is oh no
and then Pam went out there was like
they had birthday cake mayhem pumpkin
pie they have red velvet they have my
pass you they have copy they have death
by chocolate
they have toppings and he said oh I
don't know we surprised him I was he
excited we don't want to get him
addicted no Pam do you guys number
listen I'm not he might have a phone he
might have a phone you call that number
at 3:00 a.m. girl rock your world
he got a yogurt in him I'm just trying
to get you a man Pam listen me and my
mom have been homeless before and I
never thought about standing us at a
further shop that's the jam like next
time on Bubba's which if you do goes to
shit couldn't happen very soon I must
and as question of the day what's your
favorite yogurt flavor what's yours
what's your guys what Oh pumpkin
sorry every time you speak I think it's
an F word crazy fucking Saturday night
Saturday night crazy fucking Saturday
night man this is real depressing we're
all in our 20s so this is what we're
doing watching what is this
Iron Chef that's where like all the
Asian grandmother's watch you would know
right
of course another day where did that car
did you guys it's been fun hope you have
fun hang with us we had fun hanging with
you right chocolate oh my god oh my god
say goodbye Chuck it ready 1 2 3 bye oh
my god oh my god just ate an M&M good
the deaf man
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be in the ER
with a dead chocolate oh wow how ironic
chocolates allergic to chocolate you
guys love you look who it is
hey mom look
