it's a brand new day a brand new day and
unicorn is jolly with baby
hey guys I'm on my way to my house to
film my first video of the new year from
my main channel I'm very excited I'm a
good feeling about it don't worry I'm
gonna do my hair so I don't like Shirley
Temple and unicorn is coming with me yay
um I'm very excited today so the video
is gonna be why I don't want to give it
away but we're doing there's a lot going
on there's a lot of me and a lot of
different wigs I'm playing a lot of
characters I think eight it's an old
school shame video for the new year olds
for the new right you too good no don't
ignore them unicorn don't be like Miley
and Charlie chocolate yay he kisses a
unicorn you smell like poop oh that's me
that right unicorn is meeting the family
yet no no don't throw up stop barking so
at least it tells me all the time
looking at the family okay how crazy
Miley unicorn and Charlie are all the
same color chocolates like a little
adopted black one
we love you though chocolate what are
you chewing on this mom's kidding Oh
seriously but this really does look like
a dildo
here take your dildo back oh are you
guys gonna make love you threesome ooh
oh oh this is getting intense Charlie if
you want to get involved just jump
unicorn you were just in your first
shanedawsontv video are you excited nope
damn it what do I have to do do I have
to give you some like doggy crack to
cheer the fuck up no you just want to
eat your pussy okay perfect
ahh feels good to be back in the set you
guys it's been a little while I'm ready
Hedwig is ready miles to go is ready 501
Spanish verbs it's ready
una de menthe they look who it is
hey mom look jenna Marbles isn't your
house yeah remember when you asked jenna
Marbles to come to your house for a
barbecue I didn't I felt sorry for her
because it was in the smiley theater it
was dark and I got like in her face and
I said when are you coming to our house
and then she went scared she looked at
me like who the heck are you yeah and
you were like I'm Lucas Cruikshank mom
okay
no no I'm smosh's mother oh no that's
even better
I know so you're getting ready so Jen if
you're watching this which you're
probably not but if you are you know my
mom's cooking up a little Barbie I'm
still waiting Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer
Oh woohoo that's like like she's your
daughter I'm still waiting Jennifer miss
marble Miss Maori you did tell me you
did tell me you would come to the house
she did you know she's kind of busy she
has 100 bajillion views on YouTube and
she has two dogs and I only have one yes
but everyone knows I put out a great
spread Oh time for the face are you Bob
as fuck cuz you're in luck because
you're hanging with frou Lupe yeah
what's up motherfuckers you guys were
like oh my god where did this bitch go
we've been missing this home and I was
like pass the fuck out I've been on like
a drug induced coma for like three
months cuz you know sometimes you just
need to get away and then like Shane
call me up he's like you're look bad why
don't you be in the video girl and I'm
like Oh more drugs and then I fell
asleep for another two months and now
I'm back I'm very excited we're gonna be
doing a video today about like me
Shane's relationship and like how like
he left me but like I always come back
because like motherfuckers try to leave
food obey and they don't know what
they're doing you know what I mean it's
like it's like Bruce Willis in the sixth
sense like he's always around a little
boy but like he don't know what he's
doing cuz he's dead and like that's what
I do to my ex-boyfriends I make them
dead and like so that's what I've been
doing I'm very excited I'm here doing my
hair on as you can see you know it is
growing a little bit since the last time
you saw me like that's what happens when
you don't wake up for six months um it's
still cute though
like I should probably
little bit so how are you guys doing how
is you doing what is you I'm confused
it's a cute body and then this ugly face
and then this weird like straight and
then poofy hair like who does that
oh all right let's do this shit bitch
jeez hey what's up guys it's me Khloe
Kardashian Odom I'm here to change out
since house were filming a video he has
a cat I'm very very tempted to swallow
it
kidding kidding don't be so scared per
food no Khloe Kardashian is not fat
she's just huge and there's nothing
wrong with that I like a big girl a big
Amazon girl I'm a big boy I mean look at
me I'm a huge man woman no so I'm
playing Khloe in this video it's very
quick part but uh I want to bring her
back I haven't done Chloe in a few years
Hulu that sounds mmm you know what I
mean um Snoop is very excited
he loves this wig loves to play with it
don't you don't you snoop oh my gosh I
can't Hilda got a new hairdo
oh hey gah oh this is weird that's weird
let's not do that again
return of the creepy car angle and a
creepy dog uh hey guys so it is the end
of the day and I'm just getting back
home
and it went really really well I'm
excited I think this videos gonna be
fucking crazy
this Saturday get ready so question of
the day what celebrity should I play
next I haven't really played celebrities
in a long time today I did a few um who
do you want me to be who do you think
will be funny leave me a comment let me
know alright you guys hope you had fun
hanging of me because I'm funny with you
and I've been hit fun having fun hanging
out with you this last year and
hopefully four long years to come until
I'm really really old and it's really
really weird for me to still be doing
this and that's already started
happening okay love you guys bye holy
shit you guys in another year I remember
making a video last year being like 2012
is going to be
