Wow this is a red video red tube hey
what's up you guys I'm here just chillin
with the corn meister and we just got
done well we I'm crazy I know I just got
done filming a main Channel video of
next Saturday the first of the year and
it was really hard obviously there's no
main channel video today because it's
still the holidays and stuff I wanted to
take a little break but um I'm trying to
make a bunch of new ship for this year
and I want to be funny and I wanted to
be good and I want to do kind of what I
used to do where I played a lot of
characters today I think I played eight
so that was a lot of lipstick um and it
was because everybody's on vacation
Lauren my cameraman everybody's gone it
was me alone and it kinda reminded me of
the old days which was nice it was like
a nice little break it was like oh this
is what it used to be like me in my
bedroom screaming for my mom help can
you help me put this fire out my wig
caught on fire it was a fun little
memory and yes so it got me thinking
about a lot of stuff and I thought today
we could just have a little talky time
just me and you personal me you and
unicorn I'm saying right unicorn you
like talking to them you just want to go
to sleep
fucking lazy piece of shit first things
first I just want to say holy shit you
guys it's been another year I remember
making a video last year being like 2012
is gonna be epic
and not making a video being like 2013
is gonna be even more epic it just feels
like it keeps going faster and I wish it
would slow down but it won't I mean what
Becca friends forever was like over a
year ago is insane you know but I feel
like this year is a success we did super
love we did the vacation song we did the
Christmas song we did so much shit and I
hopefully you guys enjoyed it and this
next upcoming year I have a couple of
fun little announcements I'm gonna be
directing my first movie I know I've
been saying that forever but it just
takes a long time finally it's gonna be
actually happening so I'm gonna be
vlogging that I'm gonna do a more
original music but also I'm gonna start
a new webseries
st hi didn't make it as a TV show so I'm
gonna make it a webseries I'm excited
about that so we're gonna start filming
that in January
and you know what I just want to make
you guys laugh and have fun and I want
to start bringing in more like
characters and start doing more shit
because you know why it's been a long
time I need to spice it up and also
before I go just want to talk about this
guy I saw some comments being like Shane
you abandon your dogs for a new dog I've
already talked about this but I'll talk
about it really quick again I don't live
here anymore you know and that's why I
kind of want to make a blog in here
because I honestly haven't been in this
room in a long time and it's weird you
know it's weird to start a new chapter
of your life like I moved out I don't
live with my mom anymore I don't live
with my pets anymore I'm you know with
Lisa it's like a whole different life
and you know me and Lisa have been
together for a year and we wanted to
start a little family so instead of
having children which is not gonna
happen for a long time so that happened
so yeah I just want to talk to you guys
what's going on in your life how was
your year like and don't just say
terrible huh you know how was it did you
do some shit that you like did you do
some stuff you didn't like did you get
pregnant
did you not get pregnant do you want to
get pregnant what happened leave me some
comments or video responses let me know
and what do you want this year to be I
know actually that's gonna be my main
channel question next week what do you
not want this year to be what do you not
want to do this year I don't want to
quit YouTube and it's and I'm gonna be
honest the last few months I've been
thinking about it just because I'm so
tired and I'm like oh my god
like how many times do I have to put a
wig on I want to cut my hair off and I
want to not do that because I know even
though I get frustrated sometimes
there's people out there like you guys
who actually want me to keep going so
I'm gonna do it and that's about it I
love you guys so much
unicorn loves you too even though she's
burrowing in my bowls which Lisa gets so
mad at I'm like Lisa look it looks like
you suck you my dick at least like you
are fucking disgusting
I'm divorcing you sorry oh no no sorry
not you I'll never divorce you I mean we
don't even have a prenup you're gonna
get all my kibble all right you guys I
love you I'm gonna go see you guys later
see you every single day Oh clearly
obsessed Shane I'm really attached
