hey what's up you guys it is Christmas
we got the whole family here and instead
of celebrating like normal people do
jared is gonna feed my brother super
small super weak Chili's I mean they're
not even that hot yeah they're just like
candy right you're right
I mean you got a pop in your mother just
chew on it all right ready
oh my god mm-hmm and I got me through
your hand all right I can take both of
them you have to chew them oh nothing
no he's true so I am okay did you
swallow it here already facing real red
you're crying all day is it pretty hot
yeah someone told me today I'm tearing
up for joy of happiness is not because
it should look don't worry it last like
three hours more the beautiful part is
like a three-hour thing doesn't stop one
oh you want a cough drop not a G there's
some beverage over here at branch do you
want some Russian peppers no I like to
melt when it's now oral I mean yeah it's
bad but you know he's gonna he's gotta
be a little you know little girl about
it yeah then I give you shit doesn't
milk just make it hotter
no load you're driving oh my god how do
you feel
oh don't perfect you don't burn the
spread oh oh no I feel like we should
leave him alone for a minute
hell no this is kind of sad actually Oh
jakey and all your something
oh my god you get Boris you're gonna die
nah dude I did it not my weak granny to
hurt her okay you want you're excited
about glozell was fine we're excited you
remember yeah this is long and
comfortable I'm gonna stop tell me this
guy gone in my throat was like my
throat's been closed up uh that's not
good that's about the time I thought I
was gonna die and I asked it is kill me
ha ha ha yep so right now we are oh my
god
playing with popper children playing
with fireworks oh my god welcome to
Christmas this is how the problems in
the world started oh my god Oh God look
at your hair Oh Chris man wait that's
not me
what's my song um you don't remember
oh that's not it I'm never I I wish I
was a Seleucia telepathic work flora
they go alright pretty basic rhythm ok
everybody this is my grandma and she's
amazing oh yeah right it's good and
you're gonna are you gonna just all your
anger yeah Mazel Tov are we I want to
try that I don't know can't see yeah
give any more this is just gunpowder am
I gonna do with it I know all right you
guys ready it's my first snap you're
nervous yeah want to
I got scared I got scared I got scared
oh I'll add that post so um one of you
guys your name is chewy say you sent me
a box of awesome shit yeah dogs are
running around part of it part of it uh
chocolate which I I love it and then you
got my mom just real Christian jewelry
thank you sweetheart
I got like disco Christian disco Jesus I
am ready
changing your resurrection dance and
then I think what for the animals are
there already running around the ways
they got to toys and it was really nice
you guys you didn't have to do that she
sounds like my mom is crazy she's
talking it very person
thanks to you slow let's just turn it to
the voice I'm very excited
I'm waiting to the hip-hop breakdown oh
oh all right everybody welcome to Vegas
oh yeah so your necklace
yeah bling-bling you get ashore boobs to
get that necklace
really dear mom Sharon oh yeah would you
I get a boyfriend you're playing Yahtzee
and my mom is very into it look at all
right so we've got a couple Cory to
green pours I don't have my to my answer
three numbers I know what their dream
ago that was the last man you have no
idea what's playing idea okay I at least
got a small space wife to put the back
small area like a fucking steal it
wedeck intervention my mom's a dick good
Natasha wish she's like silent it's like
my part think your size timing it out
loud and terrible remember all right you
guys it's my turn and I think I'm gonna
get me out - what do you think see let's
see officer yeah sorry chocolate I lost
all right let me try this again right
when I turn the camera off I got it yup
everybody yeah oh my god oh my god I
don't want to get a yacht to you again
right when I turn off the camera again
leave
let's get another Yahtzee
Yesi oh they made the fatal mistake of
leaving me with their kids weird ha put
that pink extension in man you might
just want wow you're like a molester wow
that's the children are you what you
think my visor looks like a molester
yeah let's clean that chart let's go
play like itll here don't run away too
fast hum right behind your baby
oh he's excited hey Chan out light us I
spend I turn all the lights up yeah
let's all go to the bath to come to the
bathroom kids kids I've had anybody kids
I'm having a bad move man see you really
could you okay I know I promised you a
strip club this is what you got merry
fucking Christmas thanks buddy all ages
there's even a dog it's all creepy yep
oh my god chocolate yeah that's gonna
bite of a drainer real real soon
oh no it's like duck duck goose fat
vagina she's gonna pick one like keep
looking it's like okay that one fuck you
to the stick now our moms are battling
they're really crazy to choreograph I
waited for this day
yeah I'm trying this is so funny
they're good yeah because it's lemma oh
no mom keep going
ha
Johnny's killing again what is our life
oh my goodness so how's your Christmas
Jarrod
it's amazing I got super bloated which
is always a plus
yeah amazing gifts amazing people I
gotta watch jakey
one of the hottest toys in the world
which was amazing spending with the love
of my life more than anything just
amazing
I mean there was more amazing things and
I weren't amazing things which in this
day and age in the life that we live
it's just a rarity I don't know what any
of that meant but I agree it's been an
amazing Christmas in an Internet it was
a total win thumbs up I liked it was
coach further win yeah it was no it
wasn't FML it was like oMG no oMG lol
wallach but MLA fo all that good stuff
and GG a yeah GG a ni GGA you know yeah
exactly you know it was and I you know
double-double girl in autumn annulus you
gotta say more than pencil conspicuous
yeah yeah okay we'll stop with that it
was great
playing fetch bikini it's over there
tell me a good opportunity I want to
have a human dog yeah all right it is
anted the Christmas night we are at some
random deli because I tried not to eat
all the fast food junk that was at my
mom's house today and I'm starving so
now I'm going to get some fast food junk
at this deli I'm starving - I love you
Teresa thanks for all the junk food so
we had a really good Christmas this was
our first Christmas together it was
awesome our families got together our
first family Christmas my mom loved your
mom my grant your grandma loved my
brother everybody was dancing
uncontrollably it was a good one he was
it was almost like everyone's wasted no
one but nobody was it's all the junk
food thanks mama my mom has so much junk
food I don't she's so skinny I don't
know where the fuck she puts it all it's
insane
speechless speechless all right you guys
question of the day what did you get for
Christmas did you get what you wanted
you know what I got for Christmas
a new addition to my family yeah yeah
I'm just kidding I'm talking about my
huge bowel Mookie that's coming from all
the junk food it's gonna be an addition
speech oohs all right you guys let's say
tomorrow love you bye also last time I
came they made me make my own little
candy basket and they put it in the
celebrity handy
