why did stop it's never gonna stop
Riley's it I'm so really bought that
yeah yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum a
minute far it only gives you ten seconds
it's like those porno previews it's like
right before they come and then they go
away
no I'm saying okay I can't have this
Karen you know what it's like here this
video just pretend like you guys are at
narcoleptic if you keep falling asleep
cuz that's it looks like Hey look I love
you guys I know so we are in New York
this is kind of our last day well not
really tomorrow's our last day today's
our second-to-last day and Lisa bought
me it is and I'm very excited so she's
gonna give it away one of her videos and
I'm very depressed because I wanted to
play with this forever
I just wanted to wake up early in the
morning like 6:00 a.m. and just get like
10 of them and turn them all on you know
what I mean I'm so sorry I'm sure oh I
hope so
oh and then we could get the little
honey badger and he could just be a lot
hey sassy girl and that's at 6 o'clock
in the morning - we get to Chocolate
Rain guy human eye sharp blues weird and
then all of them together it's like
hey honey girl hey honey girl chocolate
bread hey any girl
hey honey girl chocolate we're in right
you had a honey boo-boo one awesome
oh no she's not a part of this this is
internet memes keep your fat trashy
memes away from me I know so today we're
gonna do some fun stuff we're gonna go
to Central Park which I've never been to
before
we're going to figure out what this is
on my lip because I've never had one of
these before
that's a lie and we're going to give me
shirts with more buttons so I don't look
like Simon Cowell all the time well fine
have sat McHale he's all yours
I'll take Paula Abdul yak alright let's
go to New York y'all he's gonna take
over he's gonna fly over all the
buildings save all the Asian tourists
and then he's gonna stop singing cuz
he's cheap
it's the reason I came here you guys a
hotdog stand
that'll give me a massive diarrhea and a
huge candy store
I'm so excited you've never been here
before right no but don't they have one
near us now I think so but that's not
very exciting but what is exciting is
that there's one here and it's the best
candy store in the whole world and I
have the best cupcakes in the whole
world and also last time I came they
made me make my own little candy basket
and they put it in the celebrity candy
area and I think they thought I was that
guy fraud but I'll take it
I can't wait to see it what if he does
say anything and they're gonna think
you're Hilary Duff oh my god it's a
perfect I should put my bangs down I go
like this right oh my god this place
in steps this is kind of what our
bathroom looks like except for instead
of candy it's all my peers delicious and
my pee and a little bit food and a
little bit of blood
don't judge me oh my god they have a
candy of my favorite iPhone app this is
very very exciting
I could play it all day and eat it all
day it's really really fucking fat and
look like this it kind of looks like you
what it's a magnet around my head you
don't have a plate in there huh this
Blaine's a lot from the candy store to
the zoo this is very exciting we are in
front of a sea lion pit and I'm trying
to do my mating call to see if the sea
lion wants to come in have sex with us
they're into threesomes apparently so
okay let's see mom oh there he is oh so
cute this is kind of like a white-trash
swimming pool totally what are those
called out of like the above-ground
above-ground pool doughboys it's what
they're called I wanted one so bad when
I was a kid boy yeah they were oka
above-ground pools and then if you fill
it with jell-o mix the whole thing comes
it is yellow and you can jump off the
roof into it white rashes against
why do they keep leaving don't anyone
have sex with us oh it's cuz we didn't
shower today no they like the smell of
fish you're perfect so we just had to
leave the zoo because I saw a polar bear
and he was all alone and he was caged up
and I started to cry he did him sad well
it was so sweet it was so sad they
really were
I hate zoos well this zoo in particular
is really disgusting and like not clean
and really gross and smells and then the
polar bear he was all alone they didn't
even give him a polar bear friend and he
was just sitting on the rocks looking
sad looking really sad and then
everybody's staring and pointing and
taking pictures and I was like it was so
sad so we had to leave so instead we got
peanuts and now we're sitting in the
park eating emotionally eating I don't
know anything say let's just eat okay
this is the coolest thing ever
you just made a huge penis and made it
pop in front of a bunch of kids and dogs
in coats best day of my life hmm oh my
god that really a greatness I'm gonna
swab all that well guys at the end of
the night I am wearing my pug sweatshirt
and she's wearing her Harvard sweatshirt
Legally Blonde y'all totai um so we
change our sweats cuz we're probably
gonna go downstairs and hang out and eat
some nuts
and it's really cold down there but
that's pretty much all we've done today
hope you guys had fun question of the
day what's your favorite animal and
what's your favorite animal mine is
obviously a giraffe but after today
probably a polar bear cuz I feel really
bad for them what's your favorite animal
yeah mother puppies yeah look I was very
serious all right you guys they'll be
fi- essence we have on our roars route
we're here in Times Square look at all
that flashy shit look at least a
squirrel hat
