me
all right so it is the next day we're
here in New York and I tried so hard to
get away I went thousands of miles to
get away and yet she's still fucking
here how did you do that but you can't
did I put my my map thing on my
Instagram is a how you found me like
check them in New York that's a hat that
is a hat if I've ever seen a happy it's
sparkling wit so why are you here
because I'm here to see my family this
is my niece Sophia that's all you have
she's it everybody else die brutally
that she kind of hates you yeah no no so
we're here in New York and this is very
exciting
you know just trying to get away I can
never get away damn aren't you guys i
just opened the president that lauren
gave me and I want a full body warmer
wooden against more than you can't like
put it in the microwave and it warms up
and it smells good
Roby the instructions don't like burnt
does smell good I mean I totally look
just like the no it's on this red tee no
child right he's wearing it he looks
very comforted
megusta megusta malama you know I got
you you're not fired another year I'm
sorry you can't take it back that's coal
that's like the equivalent sorry
spider-man is saving the world you guys
one crosswalk at a time we're here in
Times Square look at all that flashy
shit look at least a squirrel hat you
look like a Russian like mob person oh
wait
spider-man's gonna catch you that's my
body so we are on our way to go
enter a lot early to see Annie which I'm
thrilled about you know how I love kids
oh there it is which by the way you kind
of were like into it the idea well it's
because I okay about what us into is the
idea of watching kids sing because I
fucking love it when I was more into was
thinking oh I wish it was Carly rose so
I'm excited I feel lucky tonight don't
you get lucky oh my god scalping perfect
I got a big statue of a guy with the
pimp cane New York
nothing says children theater like an
open bar we're gonna see any we are
waiting the raffle of is in two minutes
we've got our names in and I feel like
no I said I did
we don't wait a minute crack oh my god
it's Carly rose all over again when she
didn't win
I mean tears it was Ruben and clay like
that's how bad it was Stevens like
finger Reno's do
no no Tate Stevens no I'd rather kill
myself we don't win we're killing
ourselves Thanks all right those are the
guys they're pulling our names
I always say cheaters never win
oh my god we just got our tickets we
both won we both what I was like I don't
need them so exciting Annie you fucking
fire-crotch bitch you better not let me
down this is like my dream come true
with children in it so we are waiting
outside of the Annie theater with the
biggest line of people I've ever seen my
life it's like the fucking Titanic and
we're all gonna go down lisa has her
show and what you got
intervene red wine out of a sippy cup
out of a fucking sippy cup I couldn't be
happier you couldn't do trash here and I
got my Sour Patch Kids everybody oh go
in go in
Oh God I'm supposed to film in here and
I'm secretly filming nothing's really
going on
at least is just drinking her wine out
of a sippy cup and that's about it
everybody that's the horse that's the
horse pet it definite eyes I touched it
I'm gonna touch you afterward yeah to my
row tomorrow I love ya yeah only a day
that was off-key um Shane loved it by
the way I loved her
I'm Sam Annie call me girl with your
little red curly QB locks meet you they
honestly do look like QB locks people
really need shitty tchotchkes and really
hipster clothes I need to teach our kids
and and polka dot like me whatever the
fuck that is those aren't even my keys
those are need I don't even
doesn't it sucks so we just gotta have
music oh and it was very exciting I
thought it was good I love children
um and now we're gonna go home and go to
sleep and I'm gonna have sweet dreams of
tomorrow I love you tomorrow you're only
a day
it's coming well
all right you guys question of the day
what's your favorite musical let's the
game is question you don't know question
of the day is what is your favorite they
don't know anything fine
prove me wrong what's your favorite
musical you guys I have a feeling a lot
of you guys are gonna be like I don't
know what the musical is I've never seen
what you guys I love you so much I'll
see you tomorrow you're gonna have to
deal with this all week I love ya
maybe
