just dance with me
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada start spreading
the news uh you never warn me when
you're treating on the camera I just
assume you're just being stupid haha I
am here with Avril Lavigne y'all wait
turn back rad
really yeah with the pink in the hair
and the shirt
now go Hey Hey You you I hug you you I
now say I used to be awesome oh you did
I know we are here in not New York we're
in Boston we're gonna go New York uh
tomorrow tomorrow but today we're in
Boston I'm very excited because it is
five degrees outside which means I get
to wear my exciting hat that matches my
shirt XL oh my god I just noticed that
yikes
we also are hanging out with some
Elise's friends who are really into food
and I am already like I've definitely
gained five pounds since I got here
yesterday so this is gonna be a great
day are you fat is fuck well you're in
luck cause you shame oh I think you're
perfect back in 2002 during the
complicated days now not so much all
right you guys it is the end of the day
we're back in the hotel room and I
didn't really film much but I did take a
lot of pictures so let's go through this
real fast oh I found a pug wearing my
outfit we took a picture in front of a
stranger's house we found a tiny door
for midgets I broke a chair there was a
missing unicorn I drank too much coffee
Lisa went to Harvard she also made a
snowman out of clay and I made sex so
that was our trip to Boston in a very
out of tune creepy nutshell so we are
about to get on a train and we are on
our way to go to New York and I'm very
very excited let's do this
look at that big-ass tree that only
means one thing where do you at Lisa's
wearing a big furry gay hat like me I
know we couldn't be any dare what I like
about this tree here it's fun occur
color it is Hanukkah colored and there's
a big Hanukkah Jewish star at the top
it's beautiful there's a die up there
moving
oh I see him how God New York so we are
standing in front of this big area where
people are ice skating and Lisa I know
she hasn't said it but I know she really
wants me to try it I do but I'm actually
terrible nice game I've never done it
before my whole life yeah I was 500
pounds Lisa but part of you thinks that
a 500 pound person actually I see about
three of them and they're fine I always
thought I'd crash right through the
glass oh my god we might have to try it
but then if I crash through the glass
I've been saved by some kind of like
mermaid ice mermaid seal or something
and then me and him will become best
friends forever but then I'll have to
release back to the wild so it'll end
really really sad I'm confused I'm not
come on Lisa that could be hi
you have red pants but it could be us oh
my god that's us
I know I'm like the little child whose
mom masks like carrying around
I'm have black dude with dreadlocks who
is just getting it I feel like if you
got go ahead and just leave me in the
dust I'm sure I'd be like sorry dude
cotton candy all right watch this to
plan out here right which one okay
that's me for sure
ah can we go home so we traveled all the
way across the country to find another
fucking Dave & Buster's
the wine in California she's too
invested in this game don't drop it
don't drop it don't drop it oh my god oh
my god don't drop it don't fuck this up
for me oh she's never gonna make me rich
okay come on
no my negative attitude is what God is
here as I told you if we don't go to
Dave & Buster's I'll fuckin kill
somebody she doesn't want to talk she's
too and focus on the game I know we are
playing Adair Buster's because you know
why not go to the biggest city in the
world where they have so much to do and
do something you could do in my own
fucking city
why not we're going to hit up a
chuck-e-cheese next right and then the
Cheesecake Factory yeah because there's
none of those in California no I'm very
excited it's been a very fun night I
can't believe I got her here attract me
i drugged her i kidnapped her and i tied
her up like a fucking pig
all right it's the end of the night we
are back home in our hotel I may or may
not have eaten all the candies that were
complimentary sorry listen before we
even wait out today listen I mean there
may or may not be a picture of a Chinese
slave woman painting yeah I don't really
don't quite understand that there may or
may not be an alcohol I've never heard
of called tito's you have gluten-free
alcohol well sign me up I know so it is
here tonight I'm very excited to take
this hat off cuz oh oh it's so hot in
here
so today wasn't that exciting but
tomorrow is going to be because it's
officially I mean it was thrilling but I
didn't really film that much and like it
was kind of whatever we just went to
David Rogers I ate like 10 nerd robes
wasn't that exciting I mean later it's
gonna get exciting in the bathroom you
know no plural you know what I'm saying
ah I know but tomorrow we're really
gonna like gung-ho New York style it's
gonna be fucking crazy
I didn't sound too enthusiastic as she
jumps out the window I know so question
of the day uh what is your favorite
arcade game or like you know is it
arcade video game Dave and Buster's type
game mine is definitely wheel of fortune
and the the fucking stackers what's
yours oh but you like skee-ball are you
like what are you taking she's shoving
her hand in prescription pills all right
you guys I love you so much I'll be have
fun hang with us in New York we had fun
hang with you and if you're in New York
I might see you and you could really
hang with us
you can hang with me you know
maybe
replace
