hence because I'm best and what are we
going to do today theory I'm going to
drunk utility romantic follow-up barrage
so few weeks ago I did a video where has
si reread my hate comments and you would
think it would hurt less because it was
a robot but uh no bitch terminated me
and you guys enjoyed watching the life
leave my eyes so I decided to do it
again alright so here we go first
comments line is chainsaw be shaped like
a digits spinner that hold on is fucking
it accurate accept it I can not do a
cartwheel your view count is low ng
genia Cooney's calorie intake that was a
smart drag that was offensive to Eugenia
and my socially which by the way during
this video I had all the bleep you look
like a dude named Gary who worked at
Arby's and golf fired because you a doll
the curly fries and now you work at
Walmart that a story like this I love
that first of all I would never work at
Arby's you know how I feel about them
hold on let me have this area explain
how I feel about them there is duty in
their sandwiches yes full of duty but
I'd like that I ended up at Walmart
could like at my home you don't do
collapse because you are already
collabing with your legs bah bah that
one hits me in a really dark okay also I
should explain like the channel they
would be the biggest youtubers literally
your channel is still just a psychic
twins can talk to it why are all these
comments about my channel being dead I
feel like my channels doing okay at the
moment I definitely better than I have
I'm gonna switch voice it let's try Alek
shouldn't she have blowed up by now
we're waiting we're waiting bitch I'm
waiting to the only way I'll blow up is
if I light my damn self on fire which I
might end up doing what's your P o box I
want to send you Eve that is why I don't
have your wife anymore the amount of
period blood that I got was too much for
me to eat you look like the type of
woman that asks to speak to the manager
because you want a free meal accurate
your wonder you'll buy you need to take
whatever you can get first of all did
you hear his breath he was like who this
Reed is a lot I need a breath wouldn't
do it your wonder you're buying you need
to take whatever you can get fuck you
Alex
alright let's change again your teeth or
pigments is my future
our mighty so big do I big teeth whoa I
had never really CMM until that moment
day you should your DIY where you drink
paint and die haha
why are they so creative like in my head
hey comments are coming from like five
year olds who are nice but they're
literally coming from like Harvard
students who are like okay your body is
shaped like a midget spinner hmm a cube
like damn I love it my faders are
college-educated Cheeto is the only
reason you still get fused what fuck ah
you got me
she doesn't never run by ah you look
like a plastic surgery before picture I
don't even have a joke that's just true
how can you drag someone who's already
tracked down by his weight
this isn't helping
this was long you sweat so much in your
videos I contemplate calling the cops
and telling let me run this workshop oh
I literally have to keep paper towels
next to me when I'm building cuz I just
I don't know why it's what so much
probably doesn't matter shake I will
talk your life support to charge my
phone
whoa that was a good one that was like
didn't feel directed at me it just felt
like a thick burn
you look like Russell Skelton from trap
I swear to God if I get this one more
time I know I look like the ugliest
person success in the Shrek universe I
was like a motherfucker who would
catfish you online and then kill you
look like if I was Lizzie McGuire that
would be the little cartoon in my head
telling me things and it would be like
let's go find somebody and kill them and
I'd be like no Rumplestiltskin not today
maybe tomorrow you look like a Christian
girl trying to figure her life out oh
that one's just uh yeah that's true
you look like your body smells like
barbecue sauce and poop I love her drag
queen essence on that last word you look
like your body smells like barbecue
sauce and poop destroyed me I only
subscribe to you because sometimes drew
is in your videos and he's better than
you in every way
oh I need to tell him that hold on I'm
sending drew of that voice memo he
cleaned sending you a nice little voice
memo filming a video right now or series
reading my hate comments and this is
this is what I think alike I only
subscribe to you because sometimes drew
is in your videos and he's better than
you in every way I hope it makes this
day secret in a bowl of oatmeal is that
good it doesn't sound good
I don't understand the fixing is sick
good or thick fat also sometimes thick
has to cease sometimes as a
and I used to get the two seas and I was
just good to K and I bought that with me
a gel effect or a I've been eating too
much Taco Bell effect either way thank
you
every time someone called Shane family
becomes depressed and cups himself a
piece of cake yeah that fucking plus
with that the egg ooh that was good I
love when you wear the turkey shirt
because it matches your turkey neck
mm-hmm
do I have a turkey neck what does that
even mean another old people have when
you realize you're old his mama be super
fat my mother by the way is not that
she's very healthy my dad's side of the
family is another situation my grandma
used to live in a chair like she lived
in a chair so to hurt Netflix and chill
was just like oh hold on drew center
voice memo back I feel like I know who
wrote that like I've got me comment with
that attitude but it's so funny I feel
like my mom probably wrote that comment
she's always like I love drew all right
last one you may not have the most
subscribers but you're still the biggest
two youtuber you know what I'm gonna
take that in the comment why you guys go
I uh I gotta go I know in all honesty I
love this I think it's fun
hey comments once again don't really get
to me I'm gonna give a fuck and the
created ones really do it to go to the
chin eyes you guys if you like this
video and you want Surrey to read more
of my hate comments give me a thumbs up
so know I'll direct current subscribe my
channel hits a notification bell because
I make new videos every day at you guys
I will say you little haters and mothers
fine subscribe to shame just kidding
subscribe to markiplier
he's so cute I love him yeah I agree
Oh
