just dance with me
who sadly there who said later who's
that lady who's that lady is that
christina ricci from The Addams Family
they're too young for that it's more
like Evanescence
okay happy chanak everybody that's not
how you spell it I mean there's many
ways to spell it I've been a Jew for a
month now I know for a fact it's
Hanukkah I've every okay here's the
thing I don't understand I thought Jews
had foreskin they don't because nobody
has it
so Jews aren't special nobody has it
well well be it was originally just the
Jews that had no foreskin and then
everybody else realized that they
shouldn't do that too well okay so
what's wrong with foreskin why are Jews
against it yeah question of the day do
you got for ski but there was and they
would always the Jews were because the
Jews had no leg force so when you go in
you fight naked yeah is your foreskin
still there yeah you just have like this
huge like sleeve over your vagina yeah
and then you have to just like to get in
there you got to like unroll it tuck it
in like a chip clip yeah it's like
Fritos but yeah Johnny yeah we're done
here
we're done I know today we are on our
way can we say where we're going all
right we're on our way to Lauren's
gynecologist cuz she found some herpes
yeah so exciting my mother
no we're actually on our way to this new
YouTube studio thing where they film
stuff and youtubers can use it I don't
fucking know we're gonna go there and
I'm really excited you guys because I'm
gonna pitch them
I don't know today but soon I want to do
SD hi the webseries I know it was
supposed to be a TV show two years ago
didn't work out
fuck it I'm gonna do the TV series
fucking everybody do it ourselves do
with our own money
maybe somebody else's money and then the
characters could it could be amazing I'm
so excited so question of the day do you
want to see SD high and if you do what
character do you want there to be in
high school do you watch na na there do
you want it easy there do you want all
new characters who do you want don't
worry you'll be like the nurse you'll be
the slutty gothic nurse that's the
holidays what is that
it's like witches day big shock
everybody we're lost so like every time
we had somewhere important to be Lauren
cannot get us they know we're like like
remember the one we were supposed to see
that movie that Warner Brothers and we
were like two hours late so we took you
guys on a little her brothers studio -
all right I mean it's happening again
except for now we're gonna take you on a
the ghetto tour of the hood which I know
like that back of my hand what's that
ah no this is terrible well at least you
got a headband on
speaking of which you got Lauren has it
you haven't even asked about my headband
I don't really want to it keeps my hair
flat really so now I'm back when you're
like 55 so again it was like my second
it was like my second marriage yeah mine
is so old you guys I made an old joke
about Lisa the other day and then after
I turned the camera off Lisa goes can
you not like make my thing that I'm old
I'm like yeah that's already Lauren's
thing we'll change it up I know every
everyday you're collecting more things
and you're Gothic yeah we're here guys
and there's a helicopter why I have no
idea she's gonna go work for Lucas
Cruikshank Ron it's such a better world
over there so we're waiting inside and
behind us is a huge oh my god that's
good behind us is a huge screen where
the showing cats and it's eating
Lauren's head right now and it just
proves to me Wow
I said where I work we were just talking
my Zumba because behind us there's a
video of a cat doing Zumba I mean what
is this world coming to guys it's a room
but Lauren just left me to play pac-man
what a bitch
guess what guys we're in the same
bathroom you know why because this is
the trainee bathroom
but it's also saundra okay wait I'm
gonna go in here and then you tell me if
you can hear me go in the others but yes
science project yo okay ready Lauren
Lauren Wow so it's the pond so it's the
point that like if you're changing your
tampon and you like oh it's not on
something and you scream I can't know
exactly perfect
from the looks of this table you think
we were having an entire fiesta
nope all 10 of those plates are Lauren's
she can't even hear us no I was reading
a comment it would start with Lauren
again that's a lie there was the top
rated comment the other day was Lauren
needs her own channel and I was like
Lauren would be such a sellout every
video wouldn't start out with like hey
guys check out this new new movie by
this new thing hey guys you'd be like
Teen Mom work we have a limit we only
spend four hours a day together and
we've it's been like say like six and
that's because he got here which I did
not want to do so we are done tired I
want to go home
I heard her fart very loud during the
last meeting we just had definitely
question of the day what's a Lauren eat
next no question of the day should be
what Christmas is song is your favorite
Christmas song and we were dude I feel
like we've done this yeah we already did
this fuck what Christmas song do you
hate because I hate all the ones that
Lauren have been playing in the car oh
that's not even a song that's a cell
phone ringtone gone wrong version of I
later say of know if we know about it if
we're talking about big epic sister
duo's we're talking about the Ducks
Christmas duo's oh well then I don't
have any of those thank you until our
next Christmas - I really should go
all right you guys help me - hang with
us cuz we did not have fun today
