just give with me
oh my god oh my god you're the cutest oh
my god you're the cutest oh my yeah
hey Murray do you want to come home mmm
where the puppies are now it's a new
puppy store that just opened up next to
where we live and we walked in and we
saw the cutest little baby and his name
or her name is Chloe which is not the
cutest name of the world will change her
- she ruined it from gross
the problem is if we don't know how big
she's gonna get and like we can't really
mmm oh but she loves to make out with
you
typical Chloe what a whore we don't have
big she's gonna get because if you know
we have an apartment we need a small dog
so we can't have like a fucking Labrador
giant retriever but geez Louise she's
cute oh my god you guys we don't know
what to do
question of the day what's a better name
than Chloe mm-hmm and should we get
that's you Oh little neck roll a double
chin just like her daddy oh my god okay
Lee I need a kiss I need kiss oh my god
Oh Chloe let me look at you you can you
see yourself this is you look she kisses
a camera like me we're meant to be any
sure this is me like you me really
sloppy in this yeah uncoordinated it's
awesome kind of smells like shit I can
that poodle just eating its pussy get it
get it girl we'll call you cam hmm look
at their little foursome still eating
its pussy oh okay yeah put her down see
if she plays what are you gonna do what
are you gonna do do a trick sit there
okay she's doing it good job
who get in on the orgy oh she just wants
to be with us I love her so much from
looking at puppies to eating puppies
yeah nothing I love more than ordering a
big old schnauzer yes ma'am these badges
sed yeah we see they're real ugly little
beards not a real ugly Oh kidding I have
a little beard Am I
no the one that we just played with was
very cute and tasty and I just pooped
mouth she slid right on her I know we
just got to this restaurant where you
need some food and it's not dogs I
promise and we just ran into toby turner
tobuscus yep he was wearing a Santa hat
he was wearing a Santa hat and then me
and him took some pictures here do
yes that was me Toby Turner embarrassing
ourselves in the middle of the public
typical day it was really uncomfortable
though because I saw him here and he's
like yeah I've only been here like once
and then I was gonna play it off be like
yeah me too
yeah I've only been here once it's a day
today huh no and I was like yeah dude
I'm kind of like the mayor around here
she might want to watch out cuz I
literally come to this restaurant twice
a day and when I walk in all the chefs
in the back are like hello Shay and then
like when I leave on a Friday
everybody's like have a good weekend and
I'm like I'll see you guys tomorrow it's
really embarrassing I become like an 8
year old man it's true now I'm the
mayor's wife that's good that means
you're like that you're that first woman
the first woman of this race drama so oh
I got to show you guys my new hat I
don't have it on me you're about to see
it pretty soon and it's gonna blow you
away speaking of mayor this hat makes me
the fucking king that's true it's real
name Kim yeah a king of king of cute
cute I'm more the king of you that means
you're the first lady of little
appropriate big hat reveal in 3 2 1
tada yeah yeah yeah yeah no I know what
you're thinking no it's not Fall Out Boy
they didn't come back from the dead
it's me in a big hat I know this was a
gift and you know it's usually something
I probably wouldn't buy myself because
I'm not a fan of hats cuz I have a very
big head but this one actually fits my
head and I'm going somewhere very cold
in the next week so I'm gonna wear it
has fucking dog ears you know I'm saying
Riley see you like the Hat
how much you love it are you buddy are
you pooping you're pooping I can smell
it from here
let me just cover my nose with my new
huh I can't smell your poo please do
this that's awesome or are you changing
your tampon
such a lie she's changing tampon
what do you think Pugsley Pugsley that
was terrifying a point to him he's like
what the fuck you talk about oh look at
your head your head kind of looks like
oh and Shauna takes her weave out and
then she has her natural hair that she's
had i guy clip No so today was just kind
of a chill hanging out with puppies days
so sorry if it was boring to you guys
but this week is gonna get crazy because
we're going out of town so we got to get
a lot of shit done tomorrow we got I'm
going to this new space that YouTube
created for like you know we could film
stuff there it's like this big Airport
thing I don't even know how to explain
it so I'm going to go there with Lauren
and then I have a meeting I don't think
I can film but then I'm gonna hang out
with my friend Tony who broke his foot
and he's high on pain medication it's
gonna be a good day and then we're going
out of town y'all I'm really excited I'm
nervous I don't really do well traveling
so I already did the question of the day
so I guess I will go I love you guys so
much I would be out if I'd hang with us
because we're fine with you and I hope
you like my hair and I hope you like
pugsley cuz if you didn't you'll kill
you and I will see you guys tomorrow
I love you bye
maybe
