just dance with me
Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa guess what oh
I'm wearing your headband I know you
wear my stuff Alton thank you yeah head
shots just hang on Instagram and I was
like playing like a ukulele and I was
like had my really dirty bare feet up on
the table and I'll scratch on my pit
bull and you know we were just chilling
that's Mexicans iguana okay skin
hairless cat that's like you more if I
had a hairless cat
I do have a I was gay you know I know I
know so tonight is the end of Hanukkah
this is very sad I've had a very
exciting Jewish week how about you the
best Jewish week ever I'm so proud of
you for being Jew oh I'm proud too so
tonight we're gonna go to her dad's
house we're gonna need some Jewish food
and then we're gonna fart a lot guess
that's what happens after you some
greasy Jewish food you know that sir
farts what sir
I know I'm totally trouble yeah so that
song I just watched the music video for
that song and I'm trying to understand
what's going on with Taylor Swift we we
figured out I mean right now you kind of
look like Taylor Swift three years ago
and I feel sad and now Taylor Swift
looks like Avril Lavigne three years ago
I'm really trying to figure this out why
do you feel that very she's like lost or
something or she's crazy no I mean I
don't know I think she's a kid how old
is she like 35 no I think she's whatever
she's just fucking a bunch of dudes and
she's singing about it Kelly Clarkson
does that all the time except for she's
fucking chicks I don't know um I thought
the video was really weird I didn't see
it but I assume it's weird here I'll
reenact it for you I saw him standing
there I don't know what to do he was
like a kaleidoscope and I couldn't look
through and then I'm she passed out and
then she woke up in a rave and she was
really really sweaty really yeah yeah so
we are on our way to get some cupcakes
and we're gonna hit up this Hanukkah
party and then we might go look at
Christmas lights just like a year ago on
our first date when we looked at the
Christmas lights although you can't find
that video anymore because you got taken
down by YouTube because there also is a
12 year old girl strip stripping in the
video yeah I know our first date soiled
by pedophilia damn it so we were here at
the Hanukkah party and we snuck off to
play with the dog oh my God look at you
we would put him down watch him play he
wants to salsa dance oh yeah yeah yeah
Jack Jack come here come here does not
care about me how come dogs hate me that
is not true and gorgeous
here let me lay down okay okay Jack come
sleep with this we're doggy swingers
Jacky's makes you despise yeah there are
your keys in the fishbowl take off your
clothes yes when they come in the house
they put their keys in the fishbowl
and then everybody takes your shoes off
or is that Asians I don't know happy
okay hope somebody walks in he's like
well and I hope the dog right away at
that point so we're just like come meet
mere jack mere Jack me normal Jack hey
mere Shane I told you to leave me alone
I'm playing with the dog yeah that's me
Lisa she's a bitch yeah Jake say hi
everybody
how come dogs hate you guys oh well
we're more cat people anyways yeah yes
yes yes yes yes they have the pink gay
flamingo from Target oh I'm so jealous
ah why can't we live here I don't know
we're pretty gay maybe next year mm-hmm
so we are here on Candy Cane Lane this
is where we had our first date so cute
and this was the house I think this was
the house had all the Pokemon decoration
and they're gone now even better
pink flamingos it's like this house was
made for me and oh this is house because
they had all the Jews hanging from the
tree do you remember do you remember
like anything I said to you especially
on my first day yeah you told me that
and you get boners and you get those in
the morning so you have to pee in the
sink and that's when I was like I don't
think this is a date and then in my head
I'm like oh yeah she's so into it she
was not if only you could hear what was
in each other's heads on that day we run
totally different pages but now we're in
the same book right we are in the same
hole it'll be over in like
I'm okay
so over there at santa claus we're gonna
take a picture with them and we took a
picture with him last year we can insert
it so we're gonna take a picture with
him now and then put them side by side
and see how and by progressed I'm
probably 10 pounds heavier than haven't
showered and well you look the same
you're just you know 40 now I'm kidding
38 okay so we just take the picture with
Santa Santa was kind of an ass was kind
of drop that she last year he like
didn't say anything I was like Santa
Facebook - you need like - nothing Santa
that was a little bit higher on that
little bit sweet
Santa's like you're still vlogging okay
so check this out this is a side-by-side
of me and Lisa one year ago today and I
mean Lisa today go
yay there we are I can't wait till a
year from now when I'm 500 pounds and
you're 50 and the winner of the Candy
Cane Lane experience is the Sponge Bob
house and then whatever that is that's
definitely not so and then there's like
two black people but that's Sponge Bob
who's your favorite spongebob character
we're done we're done
see you guys we lasted another five
minutes and that's the end of our look
back into the past it's been a good one
right yeah so a question of the day what
is your idea of the perfect date where
do you think you I know that's crazy
what is it mine is walking around and
talking about farts what is yours is it
going in the movies is it hanging out is
it coffee shops is it or just what is it
um that's it you guys
hope you had fun fun I promise we're not
drunk I'm just real tired hope you had
fun hanging with us because we have fun
hang with you and I whoa
