hey what's up you guys it's me Shane and
I just really wanted to talk to you
today about you know my relationship
with alcohol and how I'm not really a
fan of drinking and I just really try to
keep my body pure and I feel like that's
really important and just for you guys
to understand where that came from so I
just really wanted to share some deep
personal things that I haven't really
talked about on this channel what the
fuck you going I wish I could end up
here bitch fell on the ground yeah well
let me pick up a chair and uh answer
guys yes we are at Shauna's house she's
on the floor um I'm so excited because
well first of all what the hell was that
I would I sound like no guys um I love
Jesus and um and you know I don't drink
and um come on guys that was a little
bit like it I know so I'm here because
I'm very excited I'm helping her finish
the last finishing touches on making her
thumbnail everything because guess what
her music video her first music video
and I promise it doesn't sound like that
it doesn't it doesn't
it's called brush that tongue I'm so
excited I'm so proud of her you're like
my big black sister and this is your
first music video and I'm very excited
what was your favorite part what I
thought it was girl that motherfuckas
have a pink like a wing up there you go
no I think my favorite part is when you
jizzed all over my face that was a nice
little touch and by the way I didn't
tell her so the whole music video is
about well I mean it's it's a personal
experience about what I mean listen I
have been looking for love and I've been
looking in all these different places
I've gone to libraries I've gone to
schools I was sure that I went to the
flow and I went to the club and I'm
gonna tell you low in the club sometimes
comes with some state breakfast of a
song suckers mother suckers is they name
and I just I was so traumatized that I
had to get that paint out I had to I had
to purge that demon you know name like
get it out of me and so I wrote this
song to just kind of let the world know
that sink breath is not okay like it's
not okay it's never okay to be smelling
like that in public especially like I
didn't do anything they have to deserve
that
it's sad she actually has a tear um I
mean it was terrible
she's like actually crying it's really
embarrassing kind of I know so so it's a
personal song as you can see no I'm
really really excited I'm really proud
of her you guys so today I just want to
come on here and tell you guys that you
need to go check it out and support her
because she's one of my best friends and
it's her first music video so go thumbs
it up and go leave a million comments
and you love it and that's all right
yay and if you really really know
somebody with some stinky breath which
we all do
yeah that's why this message had to be
put out there that you get it for them
and you give it to them for Christmas so
that they could stop for 2013 they could
stop the violence in its tracks this
shit ain't right okay girl okay girl
also uh behind the scenes of my
Christmas video is now on my main
channel it's really really
and it's fun and it's crazy and there's
a lot of sneak peek not sneak peek but a
lot of a you know behind-the-scenes
shenanigans to check it out I'm giving
away a huge price I don't want to say
what it is here you gotta go check it
out it's my TV cougar oh my god wait
come on my evidence I'm getting away
yeah palette
wow you look like I'm crushed part of
your skull in Stephen Hawking so do you
know what I try to burn that one right
yup so check that out too I'll leave the
link down there and I love you guys so
much and we're gonna go see you later
sever Sigma Phi black people is loud we
in that motherfucker till it pink like a
widow now you got your tongue
Oh
