just dance with me
all right y'all without further ado I'm
so excited I'm giddy I've been this
giddy since Rick Val did it singing my
theme song oh my god can you teach me
that yeah yes will I be able to do it
maybe can I sing it like you sure
replicate a voice okay
are you really I don't know if I could
it's not even that's dogs keep it down
Oh like that oh well I feel you win good
job all right you guys I'm very excited
I'm hanging out right now with somebody
very very special I'm not gonna say who
it is she's gonna say who it is so on
the count of three I have to do this
with everybody you're gonna say who you
are how you know me and who your
favorite indistinct member is go oh my
god why do you people not know who these
people are in sync
oh okay go hi I'm Jillian Jensen I know
Shane because he's basically busting the
world and I like I mean I'm more of a
Chris occur Patrick Nick yeah I love him
Chris Kirkpatrick he's actually from my
area really hot will you from Jamaica
with those dreads
Oh gross
nope okay I know so I stalked her on
Twitter as you guys probably already
know she was on x-factor and I was
obsessed with her and I loved her voice
and I was so fucking pissed at Demi
Lovato for kicking off I was so mad that
I got to a point and then Cece state
girl don't get me started but we talked
on Twitter and then you were like I'm in
LA let's hang out and I got really
nervous and now we're here and now we're
here
food and it was great and I've proven
myself I'm knowledgeable when it comes
to yeah she's like she's like well let's
get something healthy like the spinach
and artichoke dip and I was like okay
girl we need to have a reality check to
come to Jesus moment like it's like 10
thousands of galleries let's go with the
chicken lettuce wraps you know they were
good though she has some really great
recommendations so is that you're like
what's like your opinion of me like you
just met me like what do you think as a
person just as funny in person and
awesome you know a lot taller than I
expected either people say that you know
what it is okay here's the deal I'm a 24
year old man and people see me on the
internet they're like oh he's like this
small little 16 year old boy and I'm
like I'm a man Mike tall and man thighs
I have man head I have a beard I'm like
a man and you don't expect that yes
right but no I expected it yeah like a
Jonas I don't know no but I kind of
expected if you want me purpose I
expected like oh god no the lake will be
part of it what part of skater buddy I
give off I'm not active I don't okay
first of all you have the same thing you
didn't even have to do anything to do
that so you can't use that
second of all you have a Twitter account
just for your boobs which you told me of
all no so you're expecting a skateboard
perfect yes and once you got was your
dad yeah
you know as we're walking in here there
are definitely police forces yeah but
who's this man with this little girl but
you're already 20 I'm 20 right you're a
little girl I just can't go to any of
the bars here well I don't go to bars
and this is perfect let's just go to the
candy shop and get fucked up on sugar
and that's it yeah all right you guys
we're back in my house and at least this
year and we are drilling her on all
things a second this is very excited you
feel like you're in an interrogation
room I do yeah you're like you're
sitting on the couch there's lights okay
I'm like okay so tell me more about CeCe
and Demi Lovato and Simon what else do
you want to know I just you know I'm
right here
no but are you wearing my my sweatshirt
hey hey okay so tell us about Simon
Cowell what do you know um he turned up
sexy too you know to the point where you
know when I did my first audition I'm
pretty sure you know how you saw my
family come onstage like run on stage
I'm pretty sure she started that what
was the whole family I don't
particularly remember yours I remember
there's one family I think they're a
Mormon and there was about 500 of them
yeah like what why why did they do that
did they tell your family to do that
well honestly all I remember when I was
on stage was I was crying of course but
then I just remember hearing like what
sounded like a cattle coming and you saw
my face I was just I was terrified and
your mom's gonna love the fact that you
just called her cow I heard this huge
cattle no but seriously like you just
sounded like a
and I don't think the producers said
that that was okay because I remember
coming off stage and the producers were
like they weren't supposed to do that so
I'm pretty sure that you started it and
then every family did it right it was
all my fault I'm so sorry doctor how
come you don't storm like when I'm like
in the bathroom and I have a successful
poof you should just Catalin you'll get
there okay so it took a lot of hard work
and we may we'll see how this happens
but I Tosh in the guitar here we go
ready 1 2 3 are you I'm just warming up
y'all you know I'm just getting in the
groove okay are you and then TJ paddy
yeah t-shaped one up a string like that
and then the t-shaped one remember yeah
yeah yeah yeah in the middle in the
middle yeah well yeah cuz oh this is the
fun one oh oh oh so close yet so far
away down at fret in this finger down a
string yep
second fret all of them yeah today
I'll be girly Brava Brava it's not
Spanish what was that all right the
final song of the night I've been making
her sing songs I call me maybe' was one
of my favorites
yeah just little taste good I know but
my favorite song of all time is she's
about to sing I'm so excited
complicated by Avril Lavigne and you
forget
I'm your height man in the back yeah
snaps for you
snaps all around everybody well thank
you so much for hanging with Shane today
thanks for letting me milk you of your
music thanks for letting Lisa milk you
of your gossip
he was like yeah you should just sing
and I'm like oh yeah I'm sick yeah oh
listen you're amazing stomach that's
like when porn stars are like it just
wasn't a good performance I mean she
wasn't into it
no you're good okay so what's your
channel where can everybody check you
out
um you can check me out on youtube
backslash Julian Johnson one why do you
sound so sad because I couldn't remember
it's sad you should know it what about
your Twitter my Twitter is at this is
also similar fisting but continue it's
alright and you guys can go request her
and she'll sing everything you want cuz
we've learned that for some reason
there's no way to play that it's so easy
though it's not I'll teach you okay you
can't do the laughs right no okay I
can't teach her some but I can teach you
to laugh ready put your your hand to
your throat and make a high pitch shake
your Adam's apple
well good try y'all good try ringing
keeps falling on my head but that
doesn't mean my hair will soon be
getting curly because I put so much
black people product on it nothing will
ever change it but it's very flammable
so don't smoke near me I'm just in the
singing mood you know she put me there
I know so I just dropped her off and it
was a fun day y'all it was good to hang
out with it was like I haven't had a
blind friend date in awhile I think my
last blind friend date was Drake
a blind friend date if you don't know is
basically when you meet somebody via
internet and you guys decide to go on a
friend date and then you meet each other
for the first time at the restaurant and
it's very uncomfortable and it's awkward
especially when you're me and you're
vlogging and you're like nice to meet
you let me whip out my camera so but it
was really fun and we we clicked I think
we're gonna be good friends so question
of the day I want to learn a song on the
guitar and I want to sing it and I want
to learn it
so I want you guys to leave me some
comments letting me know what song you
want me to learn call me maybe some
Nickelback dear god no do you want some
fuckin Dashboard Confessional I don't
know any other people that play guitars
whatever you guys want I want to learn
so yeah that's about it y'all want a
banana I'm giving it away that's a lie I
need to stop giving shit away it's
getting creepy
leave a comment i'll give you my but
want it there's enough of it to go
around all right you guys okay that's
fun hang with me cuz that's funny will
do and I will see you tomorrow
maybe
