just give with me
so I don't know how to tell you guys
this but me and Lisa actually broke up
yesterday and you know it just wasn't
working out you know and I just wait a
minute
what are you doing here I sorry I was in
the mood to break up with her on camera
because I didn't want she's so sad why
are you so cool no I've been watching
I'm obsessing you like okay so I
stumbled across the video of a youtuber
making a video about breaking up with
his girlfriend and I was like like who's
he talking about was he talking about
and then I like fell into a black hole
and then I watched Toby Turner's about
Olga then I watched Olga's about Toby
Turner's and then yeah he made a whole
video about Olga and it was like really
uncomfortable which I watched it twice
and then I was like oh my god these are
so good like I wish that we can make one
but we can't because we're honest I
didn't say her name everyone be gold I
mean listen it's common knowledge but um
but no so I'm just like obsessing over
it so can we book can we make a pact if
we ever break up which we won't cuz I'm
gonna marry you one day
oh she believed it know if we were break
up let's never make a video about it
okay yeah deal and if you do make a
video about it
Oh II know um Oh Nadine if you're
watching this sheet you know um I never
wanted you in me and Aidan didn't end at
like it was just whatever it's which is
most breakups or just you know okay it's
done but yeah not yours
what what do people die in yours dad um
son look I'm down like it ends in fights
like fist fight oh my god Brianna geez
just call me Chris Brown no okay
speaking of a girlfriend so today I
don't know if you've noticed your shirt
here wait let's show everybody your
jacket yeah my name um titties weights
back why sit backwards what's weird is
this backwards I never do that
um so she has her name so I just got a
whole box of stuff from my merch company
from Spreadshirt I'm very excited but
where did you put it is it right there
very excited cuz I'm going to be giving
some of this away Lisa already took a
couple things I can't give them away
sorry okay so I'm very excited so
they're making iPad covers what I didn't
even know I have these that's exciting
this sweatshirt maybe this Christmas
sweatshirt that one's real cool and they
got this shirt that says haters gonna
hate and it has a heart on it looks kind
of Asian which I don't know I like that
Asian I'm excited I didn't even know I
had some of this shit so yay
let's give some away now when I do the
question of the day later in the video
I'll be picking some of you guys and you
can win this shit man also I just want
to say quick thank you to you guys
because you guys like bought more of the
song and told your friends about it and
write it at 5 stars and everything and
it boosted up on iTunes and they put it
on the fucking homepage of iTunes I'm so
excited like a youtuber who doesn't have
a record label who's on the home page of
iTunes that's fucking crazy and it's
because of you guys and I love you so
fucking much I wish I could give you all
a Japanese shirt but I can't but you
know what I will give you a Chanukah
wish I wish for eternal happiness for
all of you guys I can't blow these out
right that's like bad luck that's like
okay okay nevermind well that one's out
so that one's you guys and yes we're
still sick we're getting over it
I laid around all day today that's what
I did I'm about to go out to dinner with
my friend Sawyer so that's gonna happen
and then I'm gonna come back home and do
nothing what are you gonna do I'm gonna
watch videos of the monkey with the
jacket and IKEA have no idea what that
means
hooda this is like news breaking right
here you guys also tomorrow very excited
I am going to hang out with one of my
favorite contestants on The X Factor and
I'm not gonna tell you who it is but I'm
gonna hang out with them and lisas a
little bit jealous
pretty soon me and the X Factor girl
will be making a video breaking up with
Lisa singing a song about it freaked
everyone out
it's definitely faux fur it's not a
shearling it's like a faux shearling
double-breasted is this sweet started to
fly anyone lose their monkey and IKEA
ah oh god you're the worst you already
got your own monkey right here oh I
forgot to show you guys her phone case
oh I adore yeah well if people like you
don't watch you keep saw you using this
they'd be like um what oh she's lying
she hates me
this is a cover-up she wishes this with
Lucas Cruikshank
okay guys I'm hanging out with a friend
Sawyer and he stole my shirt
you stole my shirt don't do you want it
back
yeah oh no I think it really got but
trying to go does it go burn time trying
to figure then this is real my god
I literally matched the table but listen
my views just went up a hundred percent
yeah all the old man oh my god I got my
new demo it's old man and talk about
horny girls thumbs up your creepy pedo I
got my thumb up me I already have mud so
any left oh I haven't seen you in like a
million years life catching up on
everything that is Shane Dawson it's
been so long you know it gets too busy
out here okay I'll give you I'll give
you a really quick update nothing's
changed
another nice change we're still here we
still the same restaurant that I think
to every day um no really okay so like
we working on I am just finishing up a
club with brothers right out through my
channel it's a comedy okay and then I'm
also on vacation what you told me you're
going to well the Bahamas with your
grandma and mom and grandma gambling is
for me yeah oh yeah gonna get some yo
trying to get my mom to get some Oh in a
while come on I want my mom together
right that's the best Christmas begin
our mom some let's give our mom some
right after this question of the day
what celebrity guy should my mom have
sex with you guys don't know his routine
Oh have you shown your mind my mom's
been in like in 1 1 or 2 videos maybe
behind the scenes ok I'll give her Fame
range okay um question to the table
whose shit my fault have sex with mom
this and I'd also leave one for me but
I'll get rid of my mom likes mold she
finds it sexy and endearing
now you met leave one for those you what
guy should still have sex but I'm gonna
go with Bradley Cooper oh oh girl I was
gonna go look like Robin Williams I feel
like you cereal you need like a daddy
but only if you where's that creepy ass
clown doctor costume
mom oh God well thank you how am I know
that's my mom
he's a German focus I know he's not
gonna get him she'd get in a bubble for
him shop she's right she would be
protection oh oh that's what I need all
right well we're gonna finish up dinner
here I'm Ricky you know talking about
our moms having sex
mm-hmm ladies night y'all bye sexy ha
all right you guys it is almost another
night but before I go I wanted to show
you a very very weird clip um
so yesterday I was supposed to go to
this thing called Broadway bodies but I
was too sick to go basically the
choreographer from a music video does
this class and he was going to teach
people how to dance to my Christmas song
so instead of me going Lauren went and
she is guest vlogging I know this is
very exciting so check out Lauren's vlog
of her experience and I will see you
right afterwards ah oh hey what's up you
guys don't worry the world's not ending
it's not Shane it's Lauren I'm vlogging
all right this is this is a big deal so
Shane is supposed to be here but he's
not because he's sick and he's asked me
to vlog in his place tonight we're going
to this awesome thing called Broadway
bodies which is run by Joseph karela who
choreographed the both um last year's
Christmas video in this year's Christmas
video and he's doing the special dance
class tonight that's featuring the
Christmas song maybe this Christmas and
so I'm going to dance Shane were
supposed to be there and he's not I
think he's just faking cuz he's a lot of
dance cuz let me let's be honest all
right I'm gonna go and do this see you
there yes vlogging tonight because you
feel so bad and we miss you look at your
outfit look at yours oh my god you saw
it you me sock and you having nip - oh
my god
don't seem if this is an outfit of a
dancer this is an outfit of dancer I
mean this is a hot outfit
hey what's up you guys so that's the end
of my vlogging I know you're all waiting
for it to be done the song was a huge
hit a lot of gay people danced to it and
to me I mean what else could you ask for
I hope you enjoyed it I hope you go by
it and have a merry merry Christmas
bah-wah
there you go well isn't that a weird
alternate universe where Lauren is me oh
god let's never go back there again
all right you guys I'm gonna go I love
you so much I hope you had fun hang with
me I'm fine with you and I can't wait to
not be sick anymore and these vlogs will
get a lot more interesting I promise
