just dance with me
oh just out on a date just feeling the
love I really feel a connection here do
you feel it oh sorry
I was doing my date oh you were that was
good I would have fucked you I met on
JDate right Christian mingle sing
Christian mingle I want to get my mom on
Christian mingle so bad I think Sean is
on that is there a black dating site
yeah it's called black planet what well
that's a black MySpace I don't know if
there's a black dating site but it's the
same thing well it does but you're sean
enough has got to be on that right if
you're on that site please send a Sean
his profile oh my god um so we just had
lunch and we played footsies and we
talked about doing a big epic
Valentine's video I'm so excited I'm not
going to give anything away but let's
just say there is fucking weird
that's incredible um who's not in it
everyone's in it everybody's going to be
in it it's gonna be fucking weird it's
gonna be terrifying and it's gonna be
funny and there's going to be an
original song attached to it very
excited it's um I don't know like High
School Musical meets Texas Chainsaw
Massacre yeah yes so he's gonna go home
and masturbate thinking about how
excited he is about about it I'm gonna
go home and masturbate thinking about
how excited he is about it it's gonna be
a good day oh we saw Jon Voight we saw
Jon they don't know who that is they
don't know Angelina Jolie's dad they're
like who Angelina what you guys if it's
not like who do you guys know who's a
kid Vanessa Hudgens
no so Vanessa Hudgens they don't care
about her Oh Victoria justice oh I don't
know you don't know who that is I don't
know that is well we saw Victoria just
his dad and he looked great yeah we saw
her but not fun size cuz isn't she in
fun size I almost auditioned for fun so
what who would you little no in fact the
main boy who was like in love with her I
didn't see the movie back that I was
supposed to audition for it you almost
audition I didn't I read it and I was
like this sucks but the writer of it
wanted me that is a boy oh I know that
was back when I said no to everything
now I'm like yes yeah he said yes to
smiley so now I say yes to everything so
I'm back home and I'm back in the PJs
this has been a real exciting week y'all
to do your dishes but you have a rose
fat someone else oh my god are you in
The Bachelor did you get it rose who was
it
what does he want I can't tell you
you'll have to watch the season premiere
starting in January
Oh God I know I know so I just want to
say in advance
well not in advance I guess right now
I'm sorry you guys I am so sick and I
can't really do anything or go anywhere
so these vlogs suck but I'm about to get
crazy right now this vlog is gonna get
crazy y'all grrrrrr I'm about to try for
the first time um Jewish delicacy it's a
Hanukkah food and it's called how do you
say it Lok Lak Logica laka a potato
pancake latkes uh and it looks like that
and then what's this is this just
applesauce yes some people use at sauce
some people use our cream I think Louise
you okay get a crispy one okay all right
do I just like dip you're gonna want
some salt
probably more salt at bay all right
ready yeah this is the gluten-free
version so it's not as good at three oh
it's super chewy okay one two three
it's just fried goodness hey I'm turning
him into a jib oh my god I'm gonna be a
fat Jew in no time I mean you should
have seen how much grease we bake make
those in perfect well I can't work out
and I'm eating a bunch of fried food
it's gonna be a real fat week y'all
Lisa's in the shower let's surprise her
Lisa I'm blogging yeah yeah
yeah yeah come on don't you guys want to
go to the shower with Lisa wha aren't
you guys this vlog is about to be really
exciting and I know what you're thinking
how could have you been more excited and
it's already been I mean we've done
nothing and then we did more of nothing
and then you didn't take a shower and
then we did nothing well let me tell you
it's gonna get more nothing cuz we're
about to do laundry if you're born as
fuck
well you're in luck so am i and I'm
gonna make you more bored laundry time
hey everyone so this is the kind of
Detroit wait I got I got that okay how
do they do it like that doesn't do
anything
never doesn't do makeup gurus I'm not
saying they're idiots I'm just saying
they're stupid and this doesn't do
anything kidding I love them okay so my
favorite detergent is Myers cleaned
actually no this is not this is one of
Lisa's organic bullshit detergents it's
made out of like honey and bird spit and
it doesn't fucking work if you want to
clean your clothes you got to use
chemicals guys this is bullshit right
stupid this doesn't work through the
magic of flogging my clothes are
actually already washed because I kind
of forgot that I put them in the washer
like 10 hours ago so they're moldy and
very very wet so we're going to be
putting in into the dryer now I don't
know about you guys but I have a problem
with my underwear and honestly it's
every single pair and I can't believe
I'm going to show you this and I don't
know why this happens but all of my
underwear have a hole right on the
crotch and it's huge
try to fire I'm trying to find a pair
underwear that don't have poops boot
marks if I can't find one nope all these
under words have boot marks on them so I
won't be showing let's show Lisa's
instead come on the people want to see
oh my god
I'm lying these are my underwear I like
to wear these just you know what I'm
being cash
they're not kiddies they're not kidding
what is this hat just a little
something-something oh my god I look
cool we say look cool yeah you know and
that's how you do laundry
unsubscribe all right you guys I'm gonna
end this terribly boring vlog right now
the torture is over so yeah I hope you
guys had a fun day question of the day
what is your favorite love movie since
I'm working on Valentine's video right
now I want your inspiration so what's
your favorite like romantic comedy leave
your comments down in the garage and I
will see you guys tomorrow oh and before
I go I just want to let you know Lauren
sent me a picture of the out that she
works out in take a look
yeah I got that you whipped alright see
you guys later
