just dance with me
it's a party in Mexico the white through
it alright um so we are here I came home
to hang out with some friends and my mom
threw a little party just lots of food
I'm gonna meet somebody who's gonna love
my spread quit what your roast beef
spread no well I'm so I'm very excited
the song and the music video is talking
about today
technically you guys you guys are late
because it's Monday right now but it's
actually Friday right now and the song
just came out so we're having a little
party
Jared's very excited he was has been
doing Weight Watchers lately no I'm not
getting paid to say that but I mean I've
been going for me the lettuce like a
rabbit at this and I'm pretty bloated
after a couple bites it's pretty
impressive you're talking guy used to
eat a pizza for breakfast
good for you wow that looks like a
meeting everybody class there's a cake
and say maybe this Christmas there's a
bunch of different types of cookies
really put him in everything we have Pam
she's here she's back how are you doing
down there easy so quite all right it's
gonna be cool it's gonna be chill you
don't really feel like talking
but either they've been waiting for you
give anything to say to these people Wow
I just hurt you know I deserve the sound
going to number one after that cuz kids
afraid you how are you doing I see you
have some new hair going on I'm not the
fool either Scott a girl and a woman who
never gifts from revealing secrets okay
but there is a situation going on sure
okay
there's lots in the works there's a lot
going on it's up which means when you
take it down slow motion
alright I'm gonna call you silent but
deadly
no no look who's here yeah she walked in
her voice was like dawn because she's
sick but once you√≠ve had taquito your
voice came back
when you put some D'Amato yeah so how is
your holiday so far I'm bummed out cuz
I'm not going to Jamaica oh but we're
gonna bring Jamaica to you ham has so
much weed in her first mama
but it's good um I'm excited I actually
bought your song I did and this is not
today no I haven't seen it yet look at
my mom's history video for the first
time
no no but I asked for that for Christmas
that was my wish man this is a reaction
now mounted fuckers
so side note you know a few months ago
how I did the Brussels sprout stance you
remember that I was in the kitchen you
know just doing our thing yeah and then
I've made a video of it and it's taken
over the world y'all oh I'll try to
cheer you up
so this so I leased it today search I
love them Brussels sprouts and a lot of
people have made dances to it this one
is my new favorite
she broke my computer that's not
hardcore she is did you have that
jumping she added some oh she added some
black she she did she's like a bad it's
good you know I love damn I feel like I
love that she ran out of breath so she
stopped singing it right there she's
like I'm out of breath
I mean well you added jobs and okay let
me see if I can do it right now what you
know I love
am i black yet you you light-skinned you
applied your own okay per what let me
but you mix breed
yeah I hope you guys had fun hang with
me because I'm funny with you by did I
get you
damnit why don't you ever think this is
me it's uncanny
so yes it is the end of the night we had
fun I had to go home early cuz I'm still
feeling kind of sick Lisa's feeling sick
too
you can't really see her she's sick of
me no but it was fun celebrating in the
music video so hopefully you guys are
loving the music video in the song and
I'm question of the day what is your
favorite Christmas song of all time you
know - no Fred Christmas cash you're
wrong
cash money money yes I really love these
money money wait a minute let me write
this cash No so yeah it was a fun day
hopefully you guys had fun hanging me
cuz that fighting with you
maybe
