it's always up it's up its up atop the
thought yes yes yes oh my god it's so
excited the Christmas music video is
finally up and I'm freaking out I'm so
excited
I mean I'm shaking this is like I can't
even explain like I love this video so
much and I hope you guys love it and the
song I'm so proud of it and it's my
favorite music video I've ever done it's
my favorite song I've done and I really
hope that you guys liked it and maybe
got emotional maybe but it was funny but
maybe you related to it because this
song long story short you know growing
up I had some bad Christmases because of
family stuff and some financial stuff
and every year though I would hope maybe
this Christmas I'll have a good one and
I know a lot of you guys feel the same
way so hopefully you related to the song
umm so on that note I thought it'd be
fun today if we did a little Christmas
tag video since Saturday's becoming kind
of like a dub just chill me talking to
you you naked watching me eating hot G
that was kind of time so question number
one what is your favorite holiday movie
easy two words three words actually
actually just three letters jtt don't
know what I'm talking about
ah Jonathan Taylor Thomas he started
this beautiful movie called I'll be home
for Christmas it's probably one of the
worst movies ever made definitely the
worst movie Jessica Biel has been in and
that's saying a lot but it's my favorite
movie I wanted every year and it's
terrible
um and Jonathan Taylor Thomas is clearly
gay and clearly four feet shorter than
Jessica Biel so just imagine how fun
that is to watch number two what is your
favorite Christmas color what I red or
green oh that's a stupid question let's
go with magenta just to spice things up
let's go with glitter
I like how every time Kesha answers a
question
she somehow works the word glitter into
it that was a side note okay number
three do you like to stay in your PJs on
Christmas or dress up I mean really look
at me
obvi to stay in whatever I've been
wearing for the last five weeks which is
this shirt ah number four if you could
buy one present for a person this year
who would it be well I'm going to have
to buy presents for multiple people this
year so this question is a dream but if
I had to just pick one person I guess it
would be my mom and I would buy her
Michael Clarke Duncan she needs them I'm
saying it's been a while uh number five
do you open your presents Christmas Eve
or Christmas morning we open them on
Christmas morning we have a very very
very small thing it's literally just me
my brother my mom his or my brother's
fiancee and that's it I don't know Lisa
so it's really really small so yeah and
my other brother so usually it's just
that takes like two minutes especially
since it's usually me just making it
rain with Target gift cards you're not
saying didn't have time to shop so gift
card gift card gift card is gone yeah
number six have you ever built a
gingerbread house I mean have you
watched any of my vlogs and built like
three eight year I don't know why I'm
really good at it that's the thing like
I'm bad at a lot of things but I'm
really good at building gingerbread
houses like I wish God would have been
like big penis good at building
gingerbread houses like why this one
really this is useless unless I'm going
to be building houses for miniature
little fake sweet cookie people which is
kind of a dream job
so thanks God number seven what do you
like to do on your Christmas break I do
not have a Christmas break anymore but
if I did have a Christmas break it would
probably be watching Millionaire
Matchmaker at marathons all day every
day
forever because that crazy retarded
version of Katy Perry mammoth looking
monster bitch is my idol uh never ate
any Christmas wishes nope
never not no I wish that you guys liked
the video and I hope it gets a lot of
good feedback number nine what's your
favorite Christmas smell oh oh fuck yeah
oh I just love it I love the smell of it
I love the consistency I don't like it
when it's warm because it just I mean
you know what that tastes like
and I I like the way that it just like
rolls down my throat it rolls it's a
slow roll you know I mean like a like
snow falling down a mountain it's just
like Kelly Clarkson's sweat which is
basically gravy
we're only done her face when she sings
a moment like this number 10 what is
your favorite Christmas meal or treat I
guess I already said that eggnog but if
we're gonna go with meal stuffing but
sometimes stuffing is very very very
wrong it could be too flaky or not moist
enough or it could be just perfect in
which case I would eat massive helpings
of it Oh God stuffing we're talking to
go Christmas okay that's all the tag
questions so leave a comment answering
one or all of these questions I'll put
them in the description and before I go
I love you guys so much I am having so
much fun on these daily vlogs and hope
you are too and I'm having so much fun
watching the comments on this Christmas
video and and that's about it I love you
guys and I hope that you had the best
weekend ever and I hope that you play
the song for all your friends and I'll
be like and I hope that Santa Claus is
dancing but Nick into my song and by
Santa Clause I mean my mom and she
totally is guys bye
