hey let me guys yes we're going back to
the weird part of YouTube and I know
what you're thinking Shane we're ready
there's no shockingly it gets weirder
than this let's get back to the weird
side of you do okay this one is called
string is swallowed and pulled out of an
eye okay here's something cool work try
a little experiment sorry I just I was
not expecting a child but I mean look
continue wait what - just eating it or
fill it
what's happening it's basically wait
what why why oh I'm I throw one I might
Rob shut up shut the fuck up oh my god
oh my god oh that's cleaner i right
did you see that yes oh my god Oh glob
look that's really coming out of my eye
right look drumroll oh my god I guess I
I was not ready for today this is too
much this is called a girl with three
mouth you have no put on that
oh I hate this hill I know it's not real
but it looks so real I can't French you
and your eyes I want that I could eat
three different items from Taco Bell at
the same time bitch are you telling me I
can have breakfast lunch and dinner
wait there's a video for eating okay
getting a popsicle how did I get here
okay I don't know what this one's yet
yet ever going the record yep go go go
are those fucking spiders Oh golden
spiders wait I need a look at the
explanation video oh my god was your
daddy long leg hundred God I did not
know that clusters of spiders were a
thing and I did not know people were
that dumb to go under them
whoo okay I know where I want to go so
remember last time when we watch the
youtuber named Marissa Rachel she was
the girl who taught children how to
shave their vagina well I think we
should go back to her Channel
okay this one is called how to put a
tampon in yeah
hey guys Marissa and save layer is going
to be a halter on a tampon yes I am
ready for this so I just do the sunshine
and she's going to be helping me
demonstrate and I actually cut a little
hole in her
so this video yes the resident Rachel
never disappoint
she made her stuffed animal a pussy if I
could subscribe 5 million times bitch I
would so you can either go one life on
this way with me is problem bent to
insert your tampon so you want to fold
your camp on with two fingers and slowly
push it into your vagina once the top
half of the tampon the thicker part is
fully in your vagina you want to push on
the lower end kind of like you would a
syringe I'm sorry
there is a tampon inside of a Care Bear
right now I'm so happy if you want to
avoid peeing on the string when you go
to the bathroom just tuck it into your
vagina vaginas and laughing at her
finger eating this care there all this
Care Bear did not consent through your
tampon you want to take the string and
pull it up slowly it might feel a little
uncomfortable until you get used to it
angles get around LaVon source job good
job
Susie Kirby's like this I'm glad I
wasn't me who she had another video
called the awkward moments on your
period yeah
what Marissa I'm not a doctor but if you
make that much blood you might have
accidentally sat on the sword you are
dying where is the Rachel and you need
help hey guys were excited video is
going to be awful what happened on your
period her stuffed animals are sucking
and multiplying right like there's a lot
more another word last time you need to
teach your stuffed animals how we're
gonna say what should I wear today while
Victoria Secret and never mind
buddy talking gotcha beer in your head I
want to tell everybody is that hurt I
don't know if that's her she's a good
actress because I literally don't know
if that's her or her mom let me call my
MA
let me call my cousin Gaga and call my
family in bed is that I don't know Tyler
Perry is great oh my god can you imagine
listen Marissa I love you but uh I got a
white couch okay I've seen how much you
believe so let's just hang out on skype
okay this is a music video parody using
breath dolls everything about that tray
bon Akiko rah rah it won't let me touch
it touch it
Oh fucking McDonald's oh my bad
something about this is going to give me
nightmares
that was everything I want to see the
brass dogs fuck each other can we make
that happen
hold on bitch Pixar is grasping onto her
Oscar afraid that you're coming for it
why are these dolls more challenges than
me
hold on I see a related video and I need
to click on it uh-huh
tell me really hard
what is this this is for kid is this
forget what is more I need more sounds
like one of the kids are crying mom of
the year um I just wish uncontrollably
vomiting in the other room but Winnie
Williams is gonna take girls with Scylla
crane in here
yeah ask where's your sister Elsa she
went into the bathroom
hmm this is my eating disorder because I
don't be triggered
oh no honey I'm stalling for me yeah my
tummy hurts really bad oh honey I have a
lot of questions I had never seen anyone
throw up so much fuck dragging his own
daughter
damn bitch that's a lot of you you gross
bitch oh my god I love
subscribe boo this one back ooh yeah I
think a dog poop in one of your guys's
toilet me with my pooch is too big and
I'm like a little girl
how many poking your toilet and listen
to the dog I think I thought elephants
bounce around here and they drop that
off so I go oh my God where am I get me
pal you know what let's go visit our old
friend cupcake remixes oh my god she
didn't with my song super love if you
guys don't know this second toaster I
just hung called super love play a clip
no see yet he Rosie oh yeah that's
definitely the weirdest side of YouTube
but they need to remake the Super Bowl
with cupcake also better remind ya I'm
kind of wet rented a muppet right now
wait run it down my vagina God edit is
everything that's what I wish I look
like what that dicks only calm but that
dictor becomes such a dick sorry call
Matt my ass like the drums change the
column two times a day it's my egg of
authenticity always increases I'm on a
trip to the date soon as he put it and
then you go call every day on my poppy
wanna see a trick that's worth it so
gonna walk on healthy throws artists the
digital global perfect but me being
overcome Denny ever since recolor page
sorry I can't help it heal can be
talking about young healthy this is
then shaking this is everything
kind of China China
oh hey bitch replace the jungle tree for
sending the test out this is my next
angle bitch me and cupcakes are gonna
make a video for this this is Ben Krell
where you guys go about what me going to
the weird side of YouTube once again I
hope that anybody that I included in
this video
understand that it's just jokes and and
also versa Rachael please never stop
alright guys if you liked the video and
you want me to do another weird side of
YouTube video give me a thumbs up so I
know also leave me some comments letting
me know what are the weird videos I
should watch and make sure to subscribe
to the notifications now because I make
new videos they per day and if you want
to see my last weird side of YouTube
video I'll put a link in the kapre
description right you guys I will see
you little weirdos bar
Oh
