just dance with me
the walk of shame I can't no no the only
Christmas music we're allowed to listen
to right now is maybe this Christmas
which is a new mama mama needs a lot
more than that mama needs to clean her
car what is happening yes mama is
getting huge mama all day today has been
like oh yeah this is a great meeting
interesting interesting stuff yeah let's
let's make that we're not we going to
Yogurtland and I tried really really
hard to eat sweet potato fries for lunch
I I really try and by not eat them she
just ate less of them's usually where
but she's still definitely know you're
ranting stop ranting who are you
Kingsley you don't know what that means
who are you jenna Marbles Julie marbles
she actually does get yeah she hates
everything you hate everything you guys
are the same person
speaking of hating everything actually
don't hate I'm so excited this song the
music videos coming out tomorrow so
that's very exciting you guys please go
to my main channel tomorrow check it out
honestly I'm not just saying this
because it's my video and I want you
guys to watch it and I want us to do
well obviously but it's so good and I'm
so proud of it and it's like hopefully
you cry hopefully you laugh hopefully
you squeal hopefully you never paint
your house that color oh my god speaking
of new no the song really is though it's
on iTunes today
a day early so go preview @ly five stars
buy it if you have extra dollars
exclusive clip y'all I'll put the link
down there no but but leave some nice
comments and stuff because I really do
think the song besides the video the
song is really good on its own and it's
a Christmas song it's fun and it's funny
and it's it's really good and it's
heartfelt and the middle is like super
sad I don't know I just think it's the
best song I've ever made stop selling
you on it check it out on your own just
know that whenever you listen to it my
mom cries whatever you feels like is
right because you're feeling it fucking
asshole
I know so that's happening and right now
we're probably gonna go to Yogurtland
cuz this fat bitch can't get enough of
it Weesa guess what guess what okay
you're getting no you're actually black
maybe yes but there's another thing this
song is out yeah cuz I'm filming this a
few days before but technically but now
as they're watching it it's out in the
air like you just don't care
did you buy it that's a lie it's not
even out yet oh my god oh my god oh my
god also before I go question of the day
what random guest should shanaynay have
next leave a comment also today I wanted
to give something away since the song is
coming out I thought it'd be fun
tomorrow I'm giving away something big
on my main channel but today I decided
to give away leases but virginity
both nah I know I thought it'd be fun to
give away what should I give away for
Christmas
whatever Lisa's gonna give away no I'm
gonna give away oh should I give away
one of our ornaments the giraffe so if
you want the giraffe ornament all you
have to do is leave me a comment telling
you what you would name him the best
name wins and he'll probably break in
the mail so that's depressing alright
you guys I'll be at finding out fest we
have fun hanging out with you and I'll
see you
we're the best time it was amazing okay
now for the finale go buy this song
support it leave some comments on iTunes
and kick some drugs and get in Lisa's
butt
