hey what's up you guys me Shane yeah
okay this is me that's me inside my head
that's what I wish I was a big fat hug I
just laid around all day and smiled but
instead this is me a big fat human who
just lays around all day and tweet hey
what's up guys so I have been sick today
I don't know why I keep getting sick I
threw up last night I think it was cuz I
mixed eggnog and Turkey and broccoli
just not a great combo but very excited
today because guess what miranda sings
is coming over to be one of Lisa's
videos if you guys don't know who she is
you you're an idiot
but if you do know who she is you're
awesome she I did a vlog with her a
little while ago she is one of the funny
CG was every she liked Asura's character
I mean it's not a character it's her
it's real it's totally real right we do
just call her Miranda we don't know her
real name
no she's talking like this and she's
like hey guys um I was sitting mmm I
know she's gonna come over soon Lisa's
gonna do video with her Laurens gonna do
a video with Lisa this is Lauren's big
debut
oh she did she said that she's like I
got the whole script and I memorizing as
we speak she didn't do any work for me
today she's doing all the work for you
perfect so that's gonna happen and then
after that me and Lauren are gonna go
and put the finishing touches on the
Christmas music video I know already
said it was done but it's not we had to
do some some more stuff but uh it's
gonna be a good night hopefully I don't
throw up again and hopefully you say
something really really offensive to
mirandasings
where are you it's okay we would see
your you're okay just being yourself I'm
not myself it's a really quick I'm sorry
but tell everybody who you are but
you're also oh my god this is so weird
this is so weird cuz last time I saw you
would not break that's true now you're
in my house you have to break I'm saying
me too that's that's the beauty of this
you know saying let's go back and forth
together you just leave Lisa we're just
gonna I am backstage in the green room
with the star Lauren sniper no what is
it gonna be soon Oh
sniffer B you're not gonna be taking
your man's name perfect welcome to
YouTube lion I was gonna I was gonna
tell them like you know that we're
actually backstage at the tonight show
this is a big deal Lauren this is a
reality 7 this is your moment
y'see I don't think of Zeena's does this
new like youtube version of TMZ that is
amazing and they always feature Lauren
you're a huge deal ymz reality slap were
nobody my god
this is what nightmares are made you
know this give you flashbacks of like
your childhood in your basement that was
Lisa being like stop showing off it does
not look good that was horrible
traumatize see now I don't know if I buy
this try another voice I don't know I
mean I feel like that's not I feel like
that's not you I missed the old Lauren
yeah YouTube glamorous right now the way
you're sitting your hands like where's
your ponytail and your your PJs where's
your whale-watching jacket
try it again
the actress becomes it wasn't pretty let
me just say it and with who claim to
keep this is gonna be rough this is like
my nightmare like you guys together
talking about me
I mean right after hung up I was like
visa punching bag
she is my punching bag oh the magic
camera you got one of those can we get
one for me hey what's up you guys I feel
like every vlog now is ending with me
looking really fucking terrible in my
car late at night that's what she said
so I am just heading to the studio place
where we are gonna finish the music
video and I'm so excited and I am very
nervous for you guys to see it it's
gonna be out on solid earth so question
of the day Lisa does her videos with
aunt Sophie that character you guys saw
today and she always has a special guest
so who do you think her next special
guest should be youtuber celebrity
random person one of my friends oh do
you think HMA and don't say Lauren she
already did it she already ruined
everything she's done alright you guys I
love you I hope you had fun hanging up
me iPhone are you and I'll see you
tomorrow unless I crash and then I'll
see you in your fucking room at night
cuz I'll be haunting you
Oh God oh god I thought I stopped
oh god you saw me singing in my car how
embarrassing
I'm saving room because we're gonna have
some other fucking eggnog tonight a
confucian not the bullshit no shit
the foods
