hey guys we are outside of the store and
quad ears inside singing at last
obviously seeing that stills route don't
you have no idea so today we're gonna
have like a fun Christmas little get
together and quite ears you've hidden
some cenotes dude whoo
that one had soul do you think he's
taking requests sir Mariah there's no
chance no chance he here Hilary Duff
please sweet 16 I think I hear water I
think he's in the shower
do you wanna go check Brieger yeah maybe
not Quoddy excuse me that's my quinoa
were you thinking to go start freaking
alright well we'll see you soon quit
dear there's no way he knows scary let's
go scared in the other room should go
knock on the door like bang on it what
we should do is we should wait till he
comes out and we should all be late it's
good shit over it's a good idea that's
the best idea
granted yeah that's the thing I'm also
kind of hungry and I feel like it's
gonna take a while to do is hear so well
interment we can go eat come back and
then we can do it cuz he won't be done
done
I know you guys are thinking are you
guys on the Titanic no we're at a very
interesting time restaurant on Sunday
and they have some church co-op playing
violins what do you think of this
atmosphere maybe we should leave we just
sheer I kind of did I hope we gonna
think a picture with Santa
this place is terribly so I hate that I
don't know what that was it was oil and
one noodle but literally one noodle that
I didn't really eat a half of noodle and
then had a little bit chicken I'm saving
room because we're gonna have some other
funny eggnog tonight I think you should
half the bullshit no shit the food suits
music Hudson's Hudson's I think it
sounds big and fat bolts are on it oh
it's gonna be cold I want a big frothing
mug with just full of thick thick eggnog
and I want just to get all over my face
and on my body and I want a gay man and
pounds and then I want my poop to smell
like nutmeg I'm saying uh she's gonna
know I go man
so sided so right now we are at Target
looking for some Christmassy shit and
what here just told us that he was just
syphilis wasn't a disease he said was
why did they name diseases like really
cute names I think that people can
potentially have like syphilis okay well
here it is a cute name why did I say hi
oh that's such a cute no that's not
leukemia is actually ugly what I'm think
about the zodiac
for instance cancer but people overlook
that bike who wants to be a cancer if
you know that it's a disease but only
because we know that it's the zodiac
overlooked it what about chlamydia so he
is ugly
syphilis is the own that could be a name
but do you understand what I'm saying
like friends and say for instance on the
zodiac they have something name -
gonorrhea who don't want to be that a my
mind I want
I'm so happy I'm a Taurus but what if
course meant diarrhea extra Adam damn
I'm just saying
okay good here what does that but his
name's what here by the way which could
easily mean a disease
my mom is being super classy eating in
the middle of a store I'm old I'm gonna
pass out if I honey she said quite ear
why aren't you eating this store and he
goes I said Mr either you can pull that
off but if I were to open up these
cupcakes and take a bite honey they
considered me get it I'm not going that
route girl I'm not gonna embarrass my
family well speaking of embarrassing my
family I just bought two we use why why
well I'm giving one away this next week
on my main channel or two weeks I'm very
excited so you guys could win that and
also I wanted to get one for myself so I
could figure out what the fuck it is I
don't know what it is and I need not
getting paid by the Nintendo by the way
inaudible this is from my pocketbook
I wish they'd pay me we got um brawl we
got any kendo land and I don't know Ana
Mario or one of my and one of them is
bunnies you want crime here and and read
it show kind of their little Christmas
no we don't want to give it away okay
wait we're gonna wait well you know
they're gonna well there's some kid who
can't wait to see the tree be like
complete somebody's watching this and
like I can't wait God but in reality
they're like click okay guys okay guys
you can't see her really but right here
I don't know how Bri no sir that's the
girl from the point on am i and Andre
you know her name
Tina major Reno right now you're
literally just staring at something like
anybody could be there we're just
telling you there I love it I think she
saw me filming her I think we're the
only people in the whole world that did
that oh no we love you I love okay and
she was on Veronica Mars
did you ever saw that she really knows I
think so okay good good bird look at
these little elves Oh bro look at he's
drunk elves I know they're putting
together the tree this is Jo
it's so much fun it's beautiful and then
we flip the tree out she looked a little
bald head and then we realized that we
have to like flare out the it that it
looks like we've just like a little bit
like bowl of weed thanks mommy a ball
can you pass it into a pipe and smoke it
why tears you're going to have to change
this we tree and don't work apart
oh it's going to be legit oh the elves
are drunk and they are loud all right we
got the star and it's about to be hung
we've got a start here yes the Stars
name is quad dear jarett's here is very
excited to see this it's gotta happen I
heard your page is putting us on the
spot yeah yeah rap about putting the
star up ready it's Christmas time and
I'm in my car getting ready to use the
star haha I'll just imagine I'm over
here holding back before yeah what was
the last thing you just said
that's the wrong song but it's okay oh
shit
dad yeah mom
yellow but that's the new you that's a
New Year song should we get some hello
Christmas is like any song that the
Christmas star Oh Christmas that's
definitely the also the wrong song but I
mean flip flip the thing too though
there yeah ugly yeah she was just opened
my shoulder wreath up there huh Steve on
net yes you did you didn't need a ladder
Oh in my first menorah first menorah
shiny shiny you stop this kinda is like
Tyra Banks let's do it animalistic
guthka bath today
what cuz that's what under the leg Oh
goof troop yeah I don't listen to be
done on lyrics okay go
shine bright shine follow me shy on the
side okay what we need now we got you a
fucking trick um I think we're good I
think we're good YouTube Authority it's
the one they need you guys really need
the goocher dog I need to get one it's
stand up above the crowd even if you've
got a shout out loud tonight are the
young teen wolfy gonna stay
and out coming god it's me well another
wise he has damn stand up for Christmas
question of the day guys what's your
favorite Christmas song quite ear will
sing in the next vlog yes and and
chocolate will dance the whole time is
my backup yeah I don't know
alright you guys okay I'm fun hanging
out those weird funny Oh theme I'll see
you tomorrow
oh wow oh wait no fat ankles fat eagle
okay
