all right you guys it's all happening
tonight is the night the ghost hunters
are back and they're gonna tell us what
is wrong with my house they also told us
that there's something wrong with Bri
there is a little something wrong with
you but we're gonna see what's wrong
with you in the ghost sense what do you
think's gonna happen tonight
mom's a lot of mysterious voices I'm
scared
sound a lot like the guys we're here oh
you think it's gonna be faked honestly I
think it's gonna be faked I how else I
mean unless a pilot so listen my grandpa
has a very distinct like crackling like
he sounds like that like in his dad okay
like I know the Lohan of course yes so
is that it sounds like that that it's
real if it's not it's fake and I know
for one artists in fact that all goes
sound like oh this doesn't sound like
that shit we know it's not right yeah
okay I agree so we're looking for a mix
between Lindsay Lohan yeah and kwadir
yeah quite dear what needs to go
fascinating Oh ina so we're just waiting
I'm excited guys oh my god Erin oh my it
is shit what is that oh uh oh wait wait
wait
show me vlogging um oh wow
multiple angles oh wait no fat ankles
fat ankles out fire and here we go yeah
so we are here with Java ghost hunter
and his son the beautiful the talented
Oh
it's where you say your name no bigs are
headed later yeah now so we are here I'm
not gonna get too much way I'll give you
guys little updates here and there but I
think we're gonna make like a main
channel video out of this I'm gonna save
some of it all I know though is that a
ghost it did tell my mom that she's
gonna die right oh wow we all die she's
already terrified it's gonna be a good
night disembodied voice comes up we
enhance that audio so you're gonna hear
a change in the audio and that's just
the enhancement and when you watch the
monitor it's gonna actually say what we
feel it said the words are gonna pop up
okay so like subtitles yes sir
it's in Chinese it's actually in Russian
okay yeah and here we go
this is the first one do you hear that
way okay I you didn't catch it I heard
it does how he said never what the
investigator asked was can you make a
noise for us I mean I heard it could be
never think I got it almost sounded like
a like a knocking oh that's what you
heard to me more than a voice dr. house
yeah absolutely here at Kenai sounds
like someone's saying a text message or
something it's just like a Pippin I
don't even think that's a voice it's
either an iPhone or a demon yeah no yeah
so he's an iPhone demon we we had all
our phones turned down you know we will
interpret it one way but if you feel it
was something else then that's peace of
mind for you okay Wow let's move on to
the next one so this next one I would
like to actually have Bri come in
creating something okay don't sit on the
lap of destiny and all of you yes yes
good you don't have to school bless you
go over to the silver this is big this
just became famous okay
okay you ready hit it obviously you
never got very far to bang but I want
your opinion on what you think if you've
heard this voice before I'm so scared
I never it's like her grandma here we go
it was definitely not my grandpa he
doesn't sound like a toilet sound like
it said your name though or no I don't
think it said my name don't know girl
it's a girl know that I don't think so I
don't think it's finished why don't you
guys listen to it guys I'm still gonna
like him so what do you think it's also
one of those things to where like it
could be that or it could it also sounds
like somebody just like it sounds like a
Jews it sounds like a squeak like a
chair squeaks what I do see if I didn't
think that it was legitimate evidence I
throw it out and like I said I you know
after doing this years and years and
years and listening to these I can hear
it from here but it doesn't to me I have
to
agree that it doesn't necessarily sound
like Bree I can hear it almost like two
syllables or two noises I mean I heard
Bree I did about hearing the same babies
you guys I know it doesn't it sounds
like a chair moving or something not
that the other thing if that is not that
what is it then listen to her it says
Bree now listen oh now I got it okay
well yeah you're listening to that
Yammer in the nock for now wait wait I
was like what the fuck no it's not the
money it's just everything is just
before the knot yes wait one thing very
fast yeah I totally heard it it's his
brain okay wait I swear I know I'm not
bullshitting you know it's very faint I
mean I hate it I mean I told you I heard
breathe we heard it I heard it I swear
you guys be the judge question of the
day to you here did you hear it
they can't answer they're watching this
he's probably five days later than all
right guys
my mom is fluffy furry fuck she's
getting ready to tell her story so the
ghost hunters are gone and listen I'm
gonna be honest there wasn't that much
evidence they were just replaying me
things that I already heard and already
seen there was though that one clip we
heard of go savings you guys no no do
you think you're in denial no see here's
what I think we have our guardian angel
and I think as lame as this sounds I
don't do a shit are you ready for this I
think that it's not ghost I think it's
just us in another dimension
you're lame but true wait what according
to physics it's like every choice we
make opens up another dimension okay so
technically we exist on so many
dimensions that if we were to die on
this dimension I feel like we would feel
it in another dimension by the way
everybody's high right no no I I believe
in that I was the work if you were
having a dream
and you died of that dream you really
need corner talk about that because
we're talk about UFOs are really just
time machines right because in the
future time machines are going to be
real in like however many years and when
we see UFOs like that could just be a
time machine that was like oops forgot
the invisibility cloak and Bigfoot it's
just an old black guy on a liquor spoon
it's quite dear and another hahaha a
good year I would say you're a hot mess
in that dimension love the neck I have
never been hot but don't you feel so on
that note we're gonna go see something
really scary we're gonna go sex car
movie cha batch mom made cookies I know
we're also we're gonna go see a scary
movie in a very scary location it's in
kind of the ghetto but it's the only
place now if you guys don't know what
Van Nuys is it doesn't sound that bad
but it's where the free clinic is and
every time I go there I always almost
get carjacked so it's gonna be very fun
it's gonna be scary it's a scary night
y'all so we're here at this theater it's
not as bad as I thought it was gonna be
I mean we're definitely right next to a
police station which is more crowded
than the actual theater that means Steve
we're singing an Avril Lavigne song
really really loud in the car scaring
them I wasn't get honey I didn't what
the hell was happening listen I'm gonna
start it and then you finish it bomb
bomb okay I can say what I wanna say say
I wanna know you
oh we're Beauty women a reason you
decide he wasn't done he showed me
something I never knew which is that
Avril Lavigne song had a lot of sexual
in your windows I didn't know that I
wanna blow you away
and then I want to see you go down honey
you're a dude bucking mind blow mine oh
and your guys's minds are blown cuz
you're like they're straight gay shit
okay this is supposed to be a three my
god um model a little bit it does that
look 3d wait it kind of does now I'd be
really impressed if you started singing
our living
nananana hey some yodeling these kids
don't know who we're talking about she's
not carly rae jepsen people she was
before her better than her wait hide
harassing her probably raise garlic her
ghetto ass she's also like 35 haha she
really yeah what's that she was like 17
no I wasn't going oh we are back home
quite a tertiary Steven Bri let's wait
we can't see anything
Oh God where are we now it's like we're
making our own scary movie he's gonna
die first
okay so we're just came back home we saw
the collection and it was actually
pretty good
I haven't seen a scary movie in a long
time that I felt like it was good and
this one was pretty good did you guys
see it it was really bloody okay so
there was this club scene I've got that
folk thing with off the damn chain so it
started with all these people are just
like grinding in the club I was like oh
this is so typical we're just watching a
bunch of people sweat and grinding all
over each other and then these big
needles came down and they started going
and just chopped everybody up in the
club being a theme like that in a
motherfucking minute I haven't seen
anything like that since go ship did you
ever see go ship oh yeah a terrible
movie when like the girl was standing
there the little girls dancing with
their dad or something and then a wire
loop rush everyone everybody off and
then the doodads head like fell on the
little girl so damn fast that was said
that's a good movie alright I can't
recall how it ended but it was good
moving right I think I stopped watching
after that did you really I think I was
like yeah this is as good as it's gonna
get I think it was a good movie let's
like how people watch these vlogs they
probably liked the first 30 seconds
they're like oh what you're so funny on
Shane so funny I'd look at the dogs both
play so yes hope you guys had fun
hanging with us we had fun hang with you
and the ghosts and we will see you
tomorrow on Photoshop four years ago I
created this and it wasn't even a real
thing every cycle those are cool glasses
and I made it and now there
