all right you guys guess what this is
very exciting Seana today is filming her
first music video we got all the
equipment here we got the set down there
we got totally sketch looking sexy as
ever
we got Shana looking like that's so
raven and her prime having a vision and
I'm gonna be playing stz the song is
called brush that tongue and I I'm gonna
get my tongue brush brutally mouth raped
by that bitch it's gonna be interesting
but shot yeah yeah oh she felt it she
felt it oops
nothin I definitely want you know I was
definitely not but raping you from my
hand
okay I'm watching that bitch blog you
know what I'm saying watching look at
them look at them blogging about rape Oh
them yeah yeah what is that
well yo yo yo man I was vlogging y'all
vlogging it was fuckin crazy thank you
from far away it look like me and Shawna
blockin whoa hold up I'm looking at a
crazy mirror that's crazy
yo this is what it looks like it's how
stupid we look girl when we blog damn
ma'am
Rihanna oh my god another black person a
damn motherfucker
hahahaha as Daisy about what I'm a
little bag a little kinky yeah
Oh Charlie are you excited about the
video
yeah what are you so excited about what
is that no no oh I didn't want to play
with you oh he already knew you're
walking away perfect play with yourself
be like your daddy just play with
yourself so mom what did you hear who's
coming tomorrow honey here yeah no is
there more filming the ghost hunters
they're gonna have all their evidence
and they specifically said that you have
to hear it hi I forgot to tell you I
have plans I mean one day oh yeah what
are you doing oh no but you guys have
been asking for it the ghost hunters are
coming back they're gonna give us some
information on what's in my house I'm
not gonna show you guys everything
tomorrow because I'm gonna make like a
main channel video out of all of this
but um I'll let you know for sure if
it's haunted which we already know it is
but hopefully it's just not a demon
right mom missing a lot of butts today
okay guys he's about to direct us the
tree interesting so this is the song
that's my Shawn exactly yes um can this
Jesus Magazine be a part of the video I
was until Jesus of brushes Tom no no no
I'm so sorry Jesus I did not mean it
oh here yeah blast blast I'm Jana
you know genuflect i'm genuflected what
you know Jeff no see Catholic school
Catholic school I went to Catholic
school then I don't know about Ginny
Flynn take that black Catholic stuff you
know what Rachel
I like Arthur Jennifer Williams is now
what Hitler did genuflect lets genocide
oh no I don't know ah this is my
favorite place to be oh I did not sign a
release that's not happening ah this is
let's Hey
and Sheila I feel like it's a she yeah
she's like dainty classy Patricia
Patricia I feel like she has stout woman
she'll strong with me outfit yes yes
they want long and strong man yes but
she's lazy Soglin tickling oh I'll see
you I'll call you later Patricia you
needa you need a brush there dog you
need a brush there Tom run to banks
brush there Tom she know you gotta do is
open your mouth so Shawna right now is
wearing this beautiful ensemble and then
I went into the closet and found
whatever came out and I went to my mom's
old shirts that literally is the same
pattern look at that girl we sisters
this is Sister Sister
since ah it reminds a little sluttier
cuz it doesn't really cover the nipples
at all I mean you're giving me cocoa
from cooking I see what is she giving
she'd give me foxy natural blue and I'm
Coco she's kind of gay skanky oh she's
ganky but she's sexy in this ganky well
I'm not even giving you like Kim Zolciak
you'd rather give Kempton this is that
you'd rather give camping Coco you know
she's a little glamorous right
I cannot stand that I really don't like
him oh yeah well that you don't like me
I do like you that's why you need to be
coca five other girls a cover has a
bangin body yet puppy wait fake ad give
a whiplash hmm I have okay I'll take
nothing man yeah yeah I'll be there yeah
nice wherever
cuchara comboed a nipple and a chick
love you we're in LA bitch down down
down
Panthers down down down down down Lauren
looks like a paper boy down there oh
yeah my hamster oh yeah so we are at a
taco stand because we got hungry because
we are currently finishing up the
Christmas music video he's the guy who
directed it by the way and she's the
woman that didn't didn't do anything
really just danced and that's a bunch of
trash we're in LA this down there ma
we're in
so we're gonna finish up the music video
today I'm very excited and we just have
to do a couple tweaks and then and then
that's it and then I'm gonna go home and
go to sleep and have massive diarrhea
you know medicine Thank You Maria thank
you alright are you guys ready for this
are you I don't think you ready 1 2 3
yeah that my oh my god that's terrifying
is that is that why I can't come to life
guys guess what finally I tweeted a pic
the other day but the epic glasses are
come it's taking like it's taken us four
years for me to get these made and some
other company try to make them and I sue
them no I didn't see them but they did
try to make them I got pissed it's taken
so long to get these made and they're
finally here well when are they here I
don't know yeah we'll tell you but
they're here guys
are you excited I'm freaking out I feel
like Khloe Kardashian when you wear
these you have to do like the face
that's it you look like that's what I
thought your face
yeah I'm not wearing that gay hat oh
thank a jacket or something else gay no
so I'm excited comment question of the
day
are you excited my glasses no that's
just me um common question today on a
scale of one to five how gay is Lauren's
hat oh yeah we okay Derek I know wait do
we know when these are coming out we're
working the details out uh there's a
little men in China that are gonna be
making these preparations and since
they're done then we salt oh my god you
guys will be tweeting late oh my god
yeah this is great we're gonna do a
video with them to probably this is like
all the swearing name you know it's
weird
okay people are probably to call me a
sellout for doing this in selling
sunglasses but honestly like I'm so
excited were just giving them what they
wore not even that I'm like proud like I
create it like on Photoshop four years
ago I created this and it wasn't even a
real thing every cycle those are cool
glasses and I made it and now they're
actually real and it's fucking awesome
and I'm excited thank you goodbye fuck
yeah look at that
epic to wrath sorry so I'm sure we only
got two pairs and Lauren took the other
one I know she looks terrible and then
it's not her fault
but you on the other hand you are
gorgeous so I'm back home with Joffrey
and the kids
and I am exhausted I got raped by Shana
I was raped by Lauren and then I was
raped by a Mexican restaurant and I'm
very tired of being raped and I never
thought I'd say that ever um so I say
yeah it's been a fun day and I hope you
guys are enjoying these daily vlogs and
big announcement I am for sure gonna
keep doing them as much as you guys want
to see me leave I'm gonna stay I don't
know I just feel like these are really
fun and I feel like people are liking
them and I'm liking doing them I'm
having fun I'll stop if I stop having
fun but I'm having fun so I'm gonna keep
doing them till maybe next year who
knows um so yeah comment question of the
day I think where did one but it was
kind of a joke let's do a real one I am
very excited about this next out coming
year I feel like it's kind of the best
year of my life I'm going to be making a
movie for the first time like directing
something bigger than than a youtube
video I'm gonna be hopefully making some
more music I'm gonna have mean I have my
own sunglasses like what the fuck this
is crazy
and um and yeah and I don't know I feel
like this is going to be a good year so
my question is what do you want to do
next year like what's your goal do you
want to get pregnant
Lisa does do you want to what do you
want to do leave me a comment and the
best comment not the best comment that's
terrible I'll pick a random comment and
if you like this video and favorite it
as well you'll have a chance to win the
sunglasses I don't know exactly when
they're gonna come out hopefully soon
but um I'm so fucking excited do you
guys like them be honest are they cool
is there anything you would change like
a different cup no you know what no
these are they're yellow that's what it
is in my profile picture I'm not gonna
make em pink Shane wouldn't do that
Paris would not rain all right you guys
I love you hope you have fun hanging
because that's when hang with you bar oh
oh you could still see me well this is
uncomfortable right so today I wanted to
talk about special talents now the way I
was going to start talking about that
