jealous this town could do a lot you
know I'm saying
why do I do this why do I step into all
these gay jokes I just leap right in so
today I wanted to talk about special
talents now the way I was gonna start
talking about that is every Saturday
I've been just doing like a non edited
therapy session video with you guys
where I just talk about something and
then you tell me what you think and then
we're crazy together today I put up my
short film about feeling worthless it's
funny I promise
sounds very depressing it's actually a
video I did a few years ago a couple I
was at born and I put it back up because
I feel like a lot of you guys haven't
seen it and you really should watch it
and you should really show it to people
in your life who need to hear the
message because the message is really
important and it's something I've been
trying to get across for the last four
years and that is you are worth
something you feel like you're not but
you are every one of you guys so today I
wanted to talk about like what that
means so a lot of people think like oh
oh like why am I on this planet what am
I gonna do so today I thought it'd be
fun if we talked about our skills and
also talked about our not skills so for
example I can do this is that gonna
change the world well I mean no probably
not I can make music with my balls can't
really do it right now well you know
what why not I'll try it
okay this isn't working you can't you
can't really hear that but it's there's
definitely music happening it's a little
bit of a will.i.am beat you know I'm
saying I'm gonna see it in the club I'm
gonna turn this shit all almost let my
balls around I'm gonna make a lot of
sound Wow that would have been a whole
different music video Britney Spears
slapping around her balls I would have
favored did that so my actual skills I
think are making videos writing keeping
this haircut for as long as I can until
it gets really creepy and you guys tell
me to shave it and grow body hair which
I've trimmed recently and it just grew
back five minutes ago and that is kind
of what I think I'm bringing to the
world I think I'm bringing my comedy to
the world and hopefully you guys get
something out of it and learn something
maybe once in a while and maybe laugh or
cry or be terrified so what is your
guys's skill what are you good at
what are you bad at is there anything
specifically I'm really bad at focusing
sometimes like I trail off into like a
million different places and I sometimes
I'm like what was it Emma so I'm bad at
focusing I'm really bad at sticking to a
diet I constantly yoyo like crazy
because I get super dedicated and then
like I'll be like Taco Bell and then I'm
like dance and I'm in twist like it and
it's just a mess and I'm also really bad
at sticking to like I have friends who I
haven't seen in forever and I constantly
text them and I'm like hey girl let's
hang out and
two months go by and then I'm like oh
yeah I suppose hang out and another two
months go by and then they text me
they're like sad face and then two
months go by and I text them back no no
no happy face it and then like I never
see you again
so I need to work on that I also need to
work on actually texting them words and
not faces so that's what I'm at human
interaction are we surprised no but yes
so that's what the video today got me
thinking about it got me thinking about
our purpose in life and and I don't know
I feel like all of you guys out there
not all of you guys some of you guys out
there really take yourself like like
you've done yourself down and you
downplay how important you are and you
act like I'm just this kid on the
internet I just like to tweet all day
and I cry because the one direction is
never gonna tweet me back but you have
so much more to offer than that
you're fucking awesome and you can do
whatever the fuck you want so if I can
do it let's do it y'all let's change the
world one ball slap at a time in Europe
and literally that was weird it felt
like a vagina it's cold in here leave me
alone all right you guys I will see you
later check out my new main channel
video hopefully it helped you out
hopefully uh if you have a friend that
needs to watch it they watch it and I
will see you guys every single day I
love you I just I just kissed my balls
and there's a hair I might know so dear
God make a wish yes
