oh you know what time it is guys time
I've been dreading this last two weeks
she's back oh I was only gone for like
five days Oh God
it was the best the best time of my life
you know how people say high school is
the best time he realized no no actually
nobody says that so Lauren's really mad
at me because we sat down to discuss
videos and such and I was like I want to
do like a really simple fun end of the
year video to recap you know all my
videos from last year it's real simple
we could film it on iphone actually for
the record I was like maybe we should do
this one little thing and the next thing
you know he said that's a great idea and
I'm like yeah we can do it on like
iPhone okay no big deal he's like well
we're due to the main channel it's gotta
be bigger than that it's gonna be bigger
and better and bigger next thing you
know next thing we know we're doing this
I'm not gonna give it away cuz it's
gonna be a surprise it's gonna be out I
think on the 22nd on my main channel but
it's gonna be I was gonna do a clip show
which is just like showing you my
highlights from the last year and then
I'm like you know what fuck that shit
let's do something bigger and give you
all the best moments of 2012 I'm not
gonna give it away but it's gonna be
fucking awesome and I'm so excited and I
think it's gonna be crazy and Lauren is
very excited which brings us to the
question of the day what's your favorite
moment from 2012 whether it's was there
a funny vlog I did or was it a funny
video I did on my main channel was it 16
and pregnant was it super love what was
like your favorite video or a moment or
something because I want to try to take
some of your guys's comments and put
them in the video to see more work
Lauren for you you have to look through
all their comments although if you do
that all the ones you pick are gonna be
I really liked when Lauren came back
from the cage maybe that one time when
Lauren played a teacher oh god guys just
let you guys know if any of these
comments are about Lauren blocked done
deleted you're over with get out of the
house okay so I come out to the office
and what do I find
Kate and quite you're buying hair oil
online we're training me but not that it
will be a favorite oh no sorry
oh my god what is it Rhett it would be
thinking like that it needs to be like
presented as a process
clear I know Lord but they can know
about the hair well it's later Christmas
present to you well I'm about to that
that means I go my ultimate I will take
a look girl here is my right eye I'm
like you recognize miss present to you
know I heard Katy Perry say that name
that's bad she said I feel like I'm a
present that America just needs done
rash she did not say yeah she said that
was it Katy Perry what they said medium
why I never there's no Cates of it and
then she rated everybody around her a
zero pinky I know so they are back here
buying hair oils while I'm inside just
doing hard work this is just I mean
what's your guys is planned Blizzard
daybreak
yeah this is the break I just posted
today I'm listen I'm trying to get
things ready for my squad because right
now we are gearing up to dominate we yes
the army the quad would you have like a
name for your it's my oddity yeah Tamiya
Nami wait that's all so much like
YouTube the cute ah q-tips dirty q-tips
oh come on you know you guys want to be
a dirty q-tip hell no but yeah so you
know I'm just getting prepared so forth
and so on everyone you me Kate we're all
everyone is really just gearing up to do
my numbers you don't know just trying to
change the world one step at a time one
hair oil at a time one here will I
design so it it is one huge wicker lion
at a time that mine is so key people
here you think yeah I think it was a
giant fire hazard no really
actually I really like in my place
that's what I would have that one
already
you should put that and like decorate it
for Christmas the lights on it all some
ornaments but it would be a fire hazard
if we put my phone is oh yeah maybe
Horniman
part of me wants to see it burn really I
thought that what you say yeah we right
mmm-hmm Wow guys have fun with your hair
oils I'm gonna go eat my feelings know
very tired and emotional today
yeah I feel like yummy have a lot going
on they don't see that's the thing that
they don't see I mean this stuff that we
do it's a lot of work there's a really
good burger oils well no no
would be again but see again this goes
back into my main point see here's what
happens they see these moments when it's
like downtime but they don't see Kate
doing her all of these pictures that
take God knows how long and all the
editing that goes into her stuff all the
editing that goes into which you do all
of what on so I guess which don't get me
wrong it's no shade I'm just making the
point that it's a lot so it's what it is
but I mean it's a passion a labor of
love I said I mean in what we do that's
why I like letting you guys know you
guys see me having fun and stuff but
there's a reason I look so Haggard I was
working the street all night you guys
don't see that because I can't film that
it is illegal but I was there girl that
x-ray - well not a little channel that's
that's a whole nother it's only there
Lincoln link is in the description okay
in the jungle I spy a lease bark she
looks to be doing dishes my dishes I
also see she's cooking up some chewy or
making math who knows now what'll ever
know until you get those open wounds on
your face doesn't matter I'm just
assuming I saw Stephanie from Full House
recently it's just math I'm just kidding
she's clean now mm-hm
speaking of 96 comms Boy Meets World is
coming back y'all I know and apparently
the two leads
Topanga and what's this face sign hang
on I know this is very exciting
it's gonna be depressing I mean like
it's gonna be like it's gonna be like in
ten years I mean you were like let's do
vlogs again yeah and we're like old and
fat with kids and dogs we're like hey
what's up because mom said oh no so
update you guys are you ready for this
are you ready for this tada
the most beautiful tree in the world the
menorah okay so I put it together in
here's the owl we couldn't find an angel
I really want an angel boat we found an
owl but they both fly right and they
both watch over you
oh that's why it's now okay I just got
it you're smart target 2012 cuz that's
what year it is the globe because we're
in the world a gingerbread man because
he's cute some kind of weird gay rainbow
animal
as me and her kind of gay a camera
because we make videos and my personal
favorite princess black girl because we
like black people what's your actual
name yeah it's not a black name black
they were good polish Shaniqua Oh Prince
Shaniqua I wish um we got another owl
and a hippo and then we got Joffrey and
cilantro with their ears on we got this
shit going on and that shit over there
going on and those balls over there
going on and let's just get the full
effect ready here we go oh don't look
you don't look at gotta look with the
lights off ready doctor ah Oh Miss Korea
Smith Sam I'm Sam we'll see you later
little children small nor I carry
Christmas album course we wanted to
listen to my new Christmas song but for
some reason the speaker wouldn't play it
not a good sign I know so this is true
you guys I'm so proud of it we stayed up
all night making up yeah stayed up all
night peanut but before that I put
together all the furniture I don't know
what you're talking about I mean I put
together the tree it was very hearty and
her name is princess tiana yeah so uh
that's what we did today what'd you guys
do today I think Artie did a question of
the day yes I did yes I didn't do it
what fuck no question who do you need oh
I guess it means I don't care that's a
lie
I care too much what is that drugs meth
I'm perfect alright you guys okay have
fun hanging with us because we're
fighting with you by British Yaya
Lisa Lisa Lisa at your section no it's
the whole I
