lights camera terrible Christmas
decorations it's beginning to look a lot
like Kwanzaa because that does not look
like Christmas at all hey what's up you
guys yes I am filming right now in intro
and outro from my Christmas music video
which is going to be up as you guys know
December it and I'm so excited because I
am giving away a fucking xbox 360 and a
bunch of just dance games and I've never
done a giveaway like that big before so
I'm excited and then the week after that
I'm gonna be giving something else away
so it's kind of like Ellen you know her
25 days of Christmas is was that Ellen
or ABC family Oh God
I get my lesbians confused I know ABC
Family's not a person but she's kind of
lesbian right let's be honest so yes I
am very excited and I think quad dear
and my mom are downstairs let's see what
those bitches are doing Wow looks good
no I look like an 80 year old woman no
you whip it up in a bun like this no I'm
really go get it done and get it pretty
get it did get it straight
get her dude get her dude so what are
you doing today I'm doing all this work
I very cleaned so now I can go get my
hair done well last night I showed him
on the Christmas video for the first
time and her reaction was pretty
priceless I cried hero let's I filmed it
let's just show you a little clip so I
just showed my mom the first cut of the
Christmas music video what did you think
it's really good
yay I'm just warning you guys you might
cry in this one yeah well is it well you
can't say your favorite part cuz we
can't give anything away but I've been
working on this thing for so long and
I'm so excited and it's almost done and
it's going up December 8th and I mean do
you think they're gonna like it
yes it's really emotional um my favorite
part is me and the guide that directed
at Ben we're watching her like is this
too sad no it's really good and it's
just very touching well hopefully you
guys like it pretty soon I'm gonna put
up a sneak peek to Saturday up and then
December 8th oh my god I'm so nervous
and hopefully you guys like the song do
you like the song
it's fantastic how do you think this
music video compares to a super level
vacation cell I think your voice and
this one is like amazing chain not that
it wasn't in the other one she basically
saying wow good thing you took singing
what is it what about the actual video
it's beautiful it's I mean it looks like
a movie to me and it's touching so it's
kind of like super love and vacation
together
he has equals equals maybe this
Christmas yeah
yay okay well I'm gonna go show this to
Lisa and a couple more people and
hopefully they all cry and if they don't
I'll be like well mom's just emotional
so yes that was how she reacted I can't
wait to see how you guys react how do
you think they're gonna react I think
they're gonna cry too
you're gonna what well they're gonna
love it they're gonna be happy they're
gonna cry I think it's a whole gamut of
emotion Oh Lord I'm just giving them an
aneurysm and how are you doing today
thank you
I see you're sporting your own laundry
clothes that's exactly right
I see you got your heard it but so I was
telling them I'm giving away an Xbox 360
and some video games and stuff so you I
mean you gotta start doing some video
game videos 7-point I swear to God
because I am for sure a gamer I'm going
to start doing reviews I'm gonna start
doing all my BJ's because I love games
and you know I think I didn't realize
that there were this whole explosion of
gamers just kind of surface didn't
realize that was the thing but
definitely varmints with video games so
I will be doing what I'm using maybe
I'll do it to where I select people
I'll give them like because you know you
can play online with these people in
robot that's terrifying I will never do
that well that's weird there's like 80
year old man
I mean who know but it's fun mom you
should get in on this you can meet men
are you eating chocolate right now no no
God we just hired a secret no mommy you
should get in on that you could call of
duty I mean you already do the call of
duty with the dogs I get dizzy when I
look at the game i get new it well
here's the thing about the game you have
to figure out what game Stewie because
everyone's not a Call of Duty type of
girl I'm more into like anything that I
don't have to use my brain so drinking
coffee bean game over game ever I look
at this cabinet that I put together I
put it together I don't know what you're
talking about that was on me you know
how much of a man I am I used that um
and a dad that metal popsicle rain your
medal remember I know so this is am i
captain that y'all very exciting show
that okay first of all I'm alive
everybody and I'm not pregnant
thanks for thinking that no I didn't
feel like complete it I made this
everybody oh my god she made it guys I
slammed were so good oh and look how
just interesting it is no I like it I
really like it and then okay well guess
what we're gonna get on this wall a huge
picture hug we are the creepiest couple
ever we don't actually have a pug but
when people walk in the house they'll be
like oh wow hug hug huge pug laying on a
couch what if you get over the pug face
I'm on I think that you're going that's
why we should never have kids I mean
it'll be over it real fast kill it
ah no kidding I know so she's feeling a
little bit better so we're gonna go to
Target she's been begging me to go all
week we're gonna get some Christmas
decorations Christmas yeah yeah we're
gonna get a tree we're gonna get some
balls we're gonna get what else
Nora mmm I'm kidding of course
we'll get a Kwanzaa basket too yeah no I
really don't either
I know so we're gonna go to Target and
bring you guys along cuz don't you love
shopping with us
it's about it I can play with my balls
or hey leave me alone and play it Lisa
Lisa Lisa at your section no it's the
whole aisle
there's dreidels and there's plates and
look there's lights we could hang them
on Joffrey he's a Jew Jeff is a Jew name
right Jew aw free
give me that you want to get the lights
just pretty kid mm-hmm do you want to
get the sippy cup for me you know we
could get wait how is that Hanukkah are
those like Hanukkah colors it's left
over from okay it's just scraps scraps
from all the other holidays me so can we
get a colorful Christmas butt plug no oh
my god oh my god oh my god yes yes yes
yes yes all right
okay what should I do what what
represents my body more Sponge Bob an
angry bird or a dead person thanks Bob
really I was gonna go with the dead
person thank you for the giving me more
credit
how about I get one of each oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god there he is
standing so beautifully huh come on no
we have to get at least I've already
named him are we gonna party hey they're
starving people
starving people in Africa would love him
I think his name is Enrique the
flamingos the Christmas flamingos the
least mother dad they're auditing you're
out of it yeah what but but Enrique who
am I gonna take home now that little fat
fuck
no thank you no okay why not all right
we're in the trees I'm very excited
we're gonna get a tree it's gonna be
fake yeah it's just easier okay
everybody it's very easy and we're
looking at the decoration right now
we're trying to figure out a game plan I
want to go with fun stupid sparkly and
almost almost borderline like pathetic
John gets me okay perfect I mean that's
what you wanted when you got me right
exactly
I don't want balls right no no each is
much it's also what you got when you got
me like oh my god oh my god yes
yes like little hippos and little owls
okay now I know these are really not in
our theme but as like a side thing I
kind of think these are friends okay
maybe so like readers yeah like these
are something really big and droopy
which is also what you got when you got
me perfect and if you droopy boobie look
okay Joffrey I have a surprise for you
know your reindeer once you watch shows
an elf but he's underpaid so he can't
afford a costume uh hmm seeing him
underpaid elves yeah you have not been a
damn thing I don't
do this tire heading I bought a tree mmm
it's in a box you're probably putting
that together kidding I'll put it
together so we have all the decorations
here and I'm just too fucking tired and
put a tree together right now but
tomorrow you better be fuckin sure that
it's going to be Christmas in this house
and a little bit of Hanukkah just a
little bit as you guys I'll be at
funding with us we have funding with you
question of the day what should we get
the picture of for there a huge picture
should it be a giraffe should it be a
flower should it be a vagina about what
does you think it should be leave us a
comment and then we'll pick one of your
comments and hopefully it's a picture of
a vagina big reindeer and then a little
penis reindeer all right you guys I'll
see you tomorrow why you better shape up
Oh God
the whitest thing he's ever done
