guess what guys I'm here with him oh
we've missed you so much
there's definitely been a lack of
f-words and cleavage in my blogs lately
thank you
I'm definitely bringing Paulo yes so
what have you been up to
that's been looking at that piece of
shit place oh yeah you don't like it
that no no I'm gonna get out of that
bitch ah
so when you watching on TV right now ah
friends friends still you know that
shows like 20 years old right are we
watching I don't move fuck over and over
and over you lose your favorite
character Monica
interested I thought you would be more
of a Phoebe kind of girl what's what why
Monica cabbage this baby's my favorite
you like her actually no I like Monica
yeah she's cool she's like high-strung
she's like my mom yeah she is
you'd be like Joey you like tuber okay
like the fuck Franklin nah fuck pizza uh
we're here with quite dear Oh looking
beautiful today just shine that means he
says shine that's the thing right
I mean I'm go sign on right I'm always
you have to radiate remind you have to
shine oh and we we actually just had an
interesting conversation with Kate and
quad here because I said that quad deer
I said Kate is very very picky when it
comes to looks and quadra is very
realistic and he likes normal looking
for only under the bus I'm just saying
like like like you know a guy walks by
yeah he might have a pig nose and yeah
he might have a protruding chest and
yeah he might have some sort of mole on
his face that looks like Texas and
you're like you know what I take it I
know here's my thing are you my thing I
do need to be attracted to the
individual however and that's me okay
well all I know is being picky is gonna
get you nowhere right Kate
okay we were rating people it wasn't
like we're being serious like we were
gonna like date the person I'm raining
because that's a terrible message right
hand that's terrible message yeah like
what would you rate Pam oh my gosh
no we're talking guys I mean what's it
what's wrong with being a lesbian I'm
all right
question of the day rate Kate canon
question of the day
let's give him a celebrity and lets you
guys have to rate them between one and
ten um a guy and a girl let's go with
what's a girl celebrity Jennifer Aniston
Jeff Jennifer Lawrence and who's the guy
the guy from maroon 5 what's his name
Avril Lavigne no she's a guy okay so
Adam Levine and Jennifer Lawrence rate
them between 1 and 10 leave in the
comments what do you think about it 1 to
10 I don't know who they were but
perfect hey see that's how you should be
you don't know who they are and you're
give them a high score
the world is beautiful y'all look
Charlie why do you have scary demon eyes
are you possessed oh this is getting way
too sweet all the others were jealous
three thumbs we're back at the house and
we are on our way hopefully to go to
Dave & Buster's to play some games right
Pam she's choked sorry she's too
obsessed with this TV show about people
who have monsters inside of them what's
going on
yeah heart attack she can't even move
her face away from the TV like she's
watching the ring video I used to watch
you still attend but now to have cable
so
Oh catch up on all your sad diseases hey
all right Pam show me your style like
what would you wear would you wear that
you can see your titties and that's
that's Lacey and fun what about that
little backless you could turn it around
show your titties
yeah so we are in the mall on our way to
Dave & Buster's and it's terrifying
because this small is dead right now so
I feel like zombies are gonna come out
kill us you know I'm saying you want to
fuck some zombies what if they're
Mexican nope no what if they were alive
no you don't want to fuck any dead or
alive what if they were in the middle of
dead or alive like they were like half a
half dead Mexican I'm necrophilia no
every time i again pants um you know
somebody grab them titties with this
small so empty what does this make you
guys want to do huh besides rob it
mm-hmm were you raped
Pam this is perfect for you baby no I
just want to like run through and just
scream and dance I belong on what those
wheelies I left up Chili's how good you
better shape up Oh God the whitest thing
he's ever done okay now my teammate it
like you minimize this motherfucker
right here is gonna be the death of me
none of the funds can make me go bro
you're gonna win this shit I'm not gonna
win you are such an enabler I've been
playing this game for an hour and I
can't even win the shit and I don't even
wonder damn skateboard hit a ninety nine
to seven you're gonna win this shit okay
one more time one with her you'll end up
ps3
when look like I'm on a ps3 to me all
right let's do this one more time
Oh already fucked up I can't blog and
stack at the same time
okay okay okay okay okay dear it fuck
son of a bitch
sorry you know what though you know what
I tried that's right you big titty bitch
we just won 18 hundred tickets are we on
the fortune I don't even care that it
look like a 95 year old woman not
excited are we smart yes we saw three no
you saw two we saw three in a row
and look at this it ain't stopping bitch
mission a stopping hit the ground is
going to hit the grounds gonna get
stacking stacking stacking stacking
we're gonna make a crane girl ticket
yeah take the buzzers we got the busting
open this bitch you just have to lay a
motherfucker oh we don't get so many
nerd ropes tonight them and some shitty
ass souvenirs maybe a cup maybe a towel
maybe your tiny ass shit
no bigger take is more starship the
songs fuss girl fun nah time you want
this one let's go all right Pam you
ready for granny what what you get you
ready for the grand total yeah
ready for this it's four thousand eighty
eight girl we in the money I'm about to
get a beanie baby about to get a big ass
banana and a gorilla
man they got play together to each other
oh my god it's like Neverland Ranch a
bunch of crap that nobody wants and I'm
scared of all of it here we can get an
inflatable tiger head I have so many
uses for that a pool party ping pong I
know it's beautiful for the pool drunk
swimming
sounds like Neverland roll we can get a
bunch of things from colleges we never
went to we could get a signed picture of
who is a Chaka Khan
I think that's Jordin Sparks or you want
a Hello Kitty Hello Kitty are you doing
coke what are you doing no I keep
sneezing it yeah sure sure sure
okay our options are Hello Kitty a blue
Tweety Bird and a bear named wiener
what do you want
get something for mom for Mom I'll get
her a shot glass if you could get drunk
all right y'all we just left and we
didn't came out winners we got what do
we give and you got a ring that opens up
here you got a lollipop you shoving your
iPhone into place music I don't quite
understand that magic you can't wait see
whether what happens and for you guys
Pikachu so pops fuck
sorry it's this bag is so heavy it's
hard to do vlog and hold this bag of
winnings at the same time okay so
Pikachu if you want this pink achoo
leave a comment and tell me let's switch
to the question of the day B Oh where'd
you did the question of the day it was
something really mean like raiding
celebrities so favorite this video give
it a thumbs up and rate some celebrities
and you could win big at you and we'll
all sign it me k quite ear Pam she'll
write something terrible right on the
crotch so say she'll say fuck you bitch
maybe Sean on everyone suck and suck one
bitch alright you guys we were just
leaving Dave & Buster's how was it
amazing me okay but we are such a good
duo
we had a great deal of close to beating
the whole energy iron gang what did you
guys play house of dead house of dead
whore whore here's what we were pretty
much wrong marker when we got down to
the wire was the lack fucking level the
last box meth kill she was gangster
where we've been wrong was opposed to me
me and Kate we're splitting because I
ran out of money on my card but killing
my car is split Kate but what I should
have done is let Kate use all her lies I
should have ran back to the counter
reloaded that way and put at least like
I don't know like 84 so divert no no no
no you can okay you give this up or
credit you had been holding it down when
I came back we could have split my coin
then we would have more than that to
kill this bitch but I didn't wait so the
real problem though is you guys spent
the entire time on one game so it was on
and we really did make a good zero and
we had to have each other's back see
that it was like a buddy cop movie Oh
with Kate and kwadir Aisha we're gonna
get matching sweaters wait wait do your
do your buddy cop pose ready dun dun dun
shit I'm not gonna see that movie I'll
pass
alright she has well that was our night
hopefully had is that Garfield in a
little car girl my night just got so
much better
hey I'm your boyfriend he's over there
that fat cat who likes lasagna oh don't
act like you don't love him
Garfield oh he's not Mexican no got a
feeling all right I hope you guys had
fun hanging us we had Penang with you
see you tomorrow and look a little
Pomeranian yeah that's his naked body
you a lion
