there's people watching they think I'm
letting you - yeah
question seriously though I have a
question but just before I go on there
really was lesbians a lot soon be dance
and I really think they were turned on
because of this haircut sorry I have a
beard and a penis but you could ignore
the penis but you can't really ignore
the beard
I know so we are doing nothing today I
did nothing interesting I would
literally sat at home and wrote scripts
all day so I didn't really vlog much I
wear the same t-shirt so that happened
but instead of not putting up a vlog
today I thought it would be fun to show
you guys some deleted scenes that I had
from Thanksgiving cuz I filmed a lot so
here today we are going to do the
Thanksgiving leftovers that sounds gross
but Sean is in them so you know they're
gonna be juicy and delicious but my
mom's also in them so they're probably
gonna be a little old but still juicy
and delicious mom it's your turn come on
so much you're made of here we go
teaching my mom how to use the Kinect
this fucking block look how confused she
is she's Lucy magician no my mom connect
is quickly become a reality check
Jeff would spring right for my mom's
birthday
Oh Oh God
my mom is just houghtaling now I'm like
he's not even following the directions
get out there my Kate okay
just dance bringing families together
and making them all uncomfortable
alright guys my house is done and it is
beautiful look at this the rainbow
walkway all shapes and sizes colors and
races are allowed in this house you got
the grass it's snowing but there's grass
it's a little confusing but that's kind
of a metaphor for life you know and then
you got the reef that looks like a real
arif and then you got Lucy's piece of
crap house now we're gonna lighten the
fire out there go get it dog so I think
you just drop the house in there and
camper the plan that was the dream house
we look like we just wasted a lot of
money but it was fun right
the whole point of this was that you
could ruin at the end right yeah perfect
next let's do shades you know yes um I
wasn't filming which I should have been
but my mom asked quietly what am i mom
asked you very serious face and she but
she didn't mean anything by she just
said ami I think the food is delicious
I'm doing it okay great is this your
first Thanksgiving in America
discombobulated she had been work she's
been cooking on things she's been
working on things that she mistake she
mistook you for a foreign exchange Black
Friday y'all it's like a diss explain
I'm black every Thursday Friday Saturday
and Sunday see this is the problem with
plague racism like you know we mean you
joke like we get it and then you have
Lucy who's 12 who doesn't really get it
and she runs up to you she says I'm like
I can't even see well speaking of
pushing it I have a picture to show you
in Kate that my mom thoroughly enjoyed
No so this is a picture that I talked
about in the previous vlog that Drake
Bell tweeted and I want to see if you
guys see why it's so funny okay and look
look victorious okay and you tweeted
love watching victorious okay what kind
of TV is that sure sure
wait read it again sure point to it what
point again what's wrong with shark
playing a little to the left
really no okay look at sharp and look to
the left he's taking a picture of it
that's not his no what is that no it's a
dog Iranian did you guys watch this like
high definition of close or something
because I don't see wouldn't it it look
like a little Pomeranian yeah that's a
that's a pet
Boreas fuck no that would never mind
so if tones like shades that's what I
thought that was a Pomeranian you know
Florido might be face but like you see
what you're doing Drake nasty
no that's really that's what never mind
just get close
Drake volunteer watch a switch Amaya you
have given my entire family multiple
orgasms today thank you
hurrah so their guys go that was the
leftovers from Thanksgiving
hopefully you have fun watching that
question of the day what is your
favorite Thanksgiving food we already
asked what you're thankful for yesterday
so what is your favorite Thanksgiving
food of mine is definitely fucking the
sweet potatoes with the marshmallows and
the coconut and the brown sugar and the
hair because my house is full of cats
but the hair it's a little bit of a
crunch so let me know what's your
favorite Thanksgiving food I'm gonna go
I hope you guys have fun hang with me -
hang with you and I PS just have to say
I've really enjoyed doing these daily
vlogs again I feel really connected to
you guys and I feel like you're a part
of my life again and that sounds really
creepy but I feel that way so I might
keep doing them I don't know do you guys
want me to keep doing these until the
end of the year until forever let me
know or are you sick of me you're most
likely sick of me let's just dance this
daily bug forever y'all
that's not the snow on the side of the
roof the hand-carved bricks the wreath
that looks like a real real
