have you ever had sex in the full getup
and then when you do that though like
your dick is just normal right it's not
there's no feathers on it so we got no
head drive ever follow only a couple
times during shows you have sex with it
on yes you have yeah are you oh my god
I'd put it on but when I saw sure - Hot
Topic bitch I would in that haha hey
guys yes I am so fucking excited mainly
because this video is going to be a
challenge not only because I am making
tiny food but uh because all I'm going
to want to do is make big food like the
idea of a pizza that's this big yeah
don't stop with that like I want a pizza
that's the size of a car bitch I'm on my
pizza to be so big it can get a ticket
but I have seen these videos on
Instagram and Facebook and jenna Marbles
did one and K period one where they make
these tiny ass little meals and they
feed them the tiniest little animals so
today I want all in bitch look this I
have little pops in - I also have a
second camera angle Queen because you
know she's a guru and this is about
garbage I have a tiny kitchen that's
right I have an entire little tiny ass
kitchen bitch it has a stove it hasn't
seen it even has a fridge that has
fucking so it's I like this kitchen
honestly is nicer than my kitchen
it definitely has less fake blood all
over the place no no you're thinking
change you don't have a small animal
will you be wrong no I don't have a
gerbil but I do have the second best
thing which is a very angry cat that
eats every day so at the end of this
video I'm going to let cheeto dine at
that little kitchen and probably eat the
chairs okay start first I'm going to
start with the peaks because I feel like
that's the easiest thing to create so
here I have a piece of crust so this is
like both sides so I have to cut this
into kawaii size so I'm just going to be
using at the top of a pickle jar
alright so I'm just going to push it and
rip oh um they're all the fucking
bitching on Instagram I shook this may
actually work with the rest
okay now let's see oh my god oh my god I
wish I was small wow this is making me
feel even bigger it's like I'm an actual
giant okay so now it's time to add the
sauce so I'm gonna try not to add too
much right here we go
oh those too much and that looks like
one of my back blisters which I can make
my back lift or small okay this is
brevis ah around Q now we're going to
add the cheese now this cheese is
already shredded should I cut it up even
more to make it like really small yeah
by the way I love these new colorful
knives like if somebody was coming at me
with this I was thinking with like some
kind of a Nickelodeon game show like I
love the idea of a serial killer being
like okay do I want to go with the neon
pink today what are they orange I use
orange too much we're using lime green
okay so the cheese is now extra small
and I'm going to put it on top oh my god
this is going to be so cute
all right now separate pepperonis I need
to make these small I'm thinking what I
can do is take one of these I don't know
I founded my tool drawer yeah I have
tool drawer right next to my wigs
alright so I think I'm just going to
like push down on here and that should
make a little pepperoni cuz I work
note that did nothing no way oh just
looks like a bleeding pimple kawaii okay
that's too small all right let's just
use the knife again just going to cut
them to the hole okay there's one
pushing forever more Wow I'm realizing I
could have just used a bagel light
because this is the same thing okay so
now that we have the pizza ready it's
time to cook it now I'm not going to put
this in the oven I was thinking we could
take a faster approach so I'm going to
be using a
blow torch right here we go one two
three oh it's just burning maybe if I
just hover the flame over it this is
actually kind of wondering right does
that look like peace little maybe if I
burn the edges whoa and I ruin my care
look at that edge hope you know my chair
okay market art I'll get this out again
you know it's ready okay so now that
it's all cooked it's time to cut off a
slice oh my god this one's not cute at
all
this is like a Barbie was having like a
mental breakdown and she's like don't
think cats like Barbie put down the pink
knife okay here we go oh wait hold on
hold on this actually might be cute oh I
mean I don't I don't know it kind of
just looks like I was tearing off my
flip skin and I went too far like it's
not giving me like dominos vibe any
little teasers nice
okay well let's put that aside we'll let
cheeto be the judge and let's work on
our next food which is a burger first
we're going to work with the bun now I'm
thinking what we can do is just take the
top of the bun and take this bottle cap
and just like go right over it okay so
now we want to remove that and hopefully
this made a bun huh oh my god oh my god
oh my god that is so fucking cute in a
cigar coupon oh my god I'm gonna cry I
loved it all right let's just trim
around the edges oh my god this is
already going better than the PISA oh my
god that's amazing
oh now let's make the bottom of it just
gonna do the same thing put around it
what is making tiny foodies menu sane oh
my god slime is Chuck slime is waddling
okay birthday oh my God look love it
look at that cute ass bond
ah okay so now that the bond rating we
got to be funding so first we're going
to slice the tomato so I got these tiny
ass little Tomatoes and I'm just going
to select one and a half and I'm
thinking it might look like a little
tiny Tomatoes life okay hmm oh my god ah
why am I so excited about this this is
so stupid
oh you fucking bitch I'm dating I'm
living my tiny ass life by the way I
have a question about people that live
in tiny houses what happens when you
take a big Dookie like do you just have
a big air freshener or like a big window
because if I took a Dookie in a tiny
house there would be a tiny evacuation
the tiny community wouldn't leave they
don't pack up their tiny little bag get
into tiny little cars and just go okay
so there's the tomatoes I'm just gonna
put those over to the side and now oh my
god I'm so sad about this I found these
tiny ass onions and I'm thinking if I
slice it you know like a fucking tiny
onions like also to make me cry tiny
tears which is a nice refreshing change
for my big one all right here we go huh
oh my god yeah bitch it's a little lemon
slice this is going to be it so cute
when did I turn into this okay so next
is our tiny lettuce and I basically just
sound these tiny ass fucking out leave
whatever it looks like lettuce perfect
now of course you got the crap single so
I guess we're just going to cut a little
clear perfect he oh my god my minute all
right so now I make the actual burger so
I some raw patties right here here's the
patty
let's just press our little thing in
here and never ever use this ignition
okay so here's our little burger is it
so cute so I got this little pan to cook
it in but I don't know if I can
so much so so I think what I'm just
going to do is put this burger in the
pan and then blowtorch it and I'm
guessing not over here we go it's
grilling time oh my god
weakness is working in my fucking chef
no look at that chart that looks
actually good up cheeto is going to will
probably die
all right let's split this over check
the other side
she don't you like it pink in the middle
you don't care you eat anything
sometimes you think about eating me and
I sleep great I'll just give it to me -
man ok - ok
bleeding gonna give it one more char ok
oh wait should I fucking melt the cheese
on top bitch dad style oh my god ok
ready
what is helping it is the cutest thing
I've ever seen I'm dying
oh my god ah I need oh we have to put
this thing together let me get a place
okay
so first let's take the bun but on the
bottom I don't want to take the burger
oh my god oh thank you look at it can
you feel tip it in
fuck okay now let's take the onion right
that we do it press it on oh my god okay
now let's take the tomato oh my god okay
don't let it cute
and then should do just like a tiny drop
of ketchup Oh Shane don't fuck it up Oh
God okay Oh perfect then the last bun oh
my god this is the cutest fucking thing
I've ever seen bitch I made this guys
can you guys just give me a clap give me
something I deserve it come on me Shane
this guy I fucking made something good
don't you
I mean she has a big head like her head
don't match the rest of her body
but we're just gonna ignore that I'm
going to focus on her good feature like
her melted cheese and our perfectly
placed topping okay her head fell off
but that's just because it's too big for
her body and that's a disability so stop
dragging her ah no this is adorable
Cheetos going to love this okay so the
last thing we're gonna make is kind of
the classic item that you've probably
seen everywhere and those are the mini
pancake stack so we're going to move
over to the actual stove to do that
because I can't use a blowtorch okay so
first we have this shit I don't know
it's painting it better and we have to
add water to it okay so I added water
and I think it's now batter we're going
to turn the time that seems dangerous
right okay I think my stove is broke so
the goal is to make these extremely
small as opposed to when I normally make
pancakes where the goal is to make them
the size of the pan okay let's try to
just drop things
oh that's so oh that's going to be
perfect
just the tiniest little oh my god oh my
god these are gonna be so cute
fuck okay those are too big that one's
perfect me when I'm gone now that one's
fucked up let me start away okay so okay
I think it's ready oh fuck oh this is my
baby don't fuck up don't fuck up Oh Oh
cute oh this is so cute this one's too
big so daddy's just gonna eat that one
buys out okay look these are all going
pretty well
fuck fuck yeah yeah yeah oh oh oh too
much pressure
turning off the pan oh shit come on foot
bitch come on flip there we go okay all
right now I'm just gonna make about 500
more of these and I'll see you guys in a
second um guys oh look it's so cute oh
I'm so excited
okay so now it is time to add the butter
and the Soraa so I'm just going to take
this butter and just pick up the tiniest
little piece here we go oh my god that
literally looks amazing okay now for
that syrup
oh my god oh I'm so excited here we go 1
2 3 oh my god this is the prettiest
thing I've literally ever seen holy shit
oh my god that looks like a fucking
Instagram bitch Oh Rupert started okay
so let me get my other meal and let's
set it up on the table okay so now that
we have all of our food it's time to
feed it to cheeto
I'm so excited and I'm just hoping that
he doesn't you know Gordon Ramsay me I'm
just warning you I'm going to squeal
like a pig
like literally like a fucking pig that's
how excited I am all right let's go
break okay so it's time to set the table
I think first I'm going to put the
pancake oh my god okay chill
you're ready for breakfast oh my god oh
my god we got yes bitch destroy the
kitchen honey the right here look
look paint Cheetos drunk okay here no
pity oh my god oh this is so kind of
scary actually do you like it yeah this
lick the table me at Denny's literally
alright you ready for your next meal
time for a burger
what come on he's like that shining down
we'll breakfast yet okay no the burger
is better come on let's have the burger
come on I'm taking this way the burger
YUM
yeah yeah are you thinking you'd rather
eat the chairs yeah yeah get in there
are you fucking kidding me right now
that's so beautiful you don't care at
all about presentation
all right fine let's try the pizza okay
Bon Appetit I worked so hard for you and
you don't give a fuck bitch this is not
I hope it's not all you can eat pancakes
okay you got to try the other flavors
damn that was some Gordon Ramsay
realness that was some what the fuck is
this
Oh tasting it to be polite and then
looking up and saying can I talk to the
chef like it eat it stop licking it like
literally like eat it like eat it why
are you acting so shy it's because
you're on camera are you not a move
banger all right well I'm happy you
enjoyed your meal and destroyed my
kitchen literally looking for something
else did you see that he was like yeah
that was cute but uh what else you got
are you doing a house tour what's
happening he's literally leaving well
next time I'll make you something better
okay
my children are so fucking ungrateful
where does it go that was me making tiny
food and feeding it to my asshole cat I
really love this I thought it was a lot
of fun hopefully you're going to enjoyed
it if you did and you wanna be making
more tiny food give me a thumbs up so I
know also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right now below and hit the
notification bell - guess what bitch I
make new videos every day and if you
want to see some other videos of me
creating weird things in the kitchen
I'll put a link to a play
topics which recruit you guys I'll see
you tomorrow
Oh
