we are at the happiest place in the
world happiest place in the world no I'm
sad about this okay so we're at the
animal shelter and I love this place
and this is a happy one where all the
animals are happy and I don't think they
died animal shelter nobody's happy at
the end I mean they're happy because
people love this place and they adopt
all the time and I love playing with
them and then maybe we'll get one
they're not gonna die this is a no kill
shelter treats me that I just made that
up but I don't think it is cuz everybody
that works here is really happy in their
Mexican and and they say they see oh no
no don't worry don't worry we love
puppies and I believe them we're in like
the middle of the most like Hispanic
town are like part of LA which is a mile
also my other favorite place to go
because me and Mexican people just
really get along not so much with her
your hair slip that's why you slicked
your hair back you try a kid and I would
like to like greasy slick it back yeah
we could ever cool you guys no no why
did my mom not tell me I don't know I
used to do the same thing surprise here
yeah and it was like really hard it was
like a shell but my favorite part was
like crunching it later you know I mean
twinsies
so we're gonna go into the shelter and
we're gonna see all the puppies and then
I'm gonna put a link in the crotch to
like to check out your local animal
shelter go save some animals and see
we're doing good deeds I don't like this
idea you guys let's do it
oh my god oh my god I love you I hate
it's sticky and everyone's crying and
there's chickens here yeah there are
definitely chickens here no no it's
healthy it's happy we come back I think
this one's so big it's like me in high
school and everybody's afraid of him but
he's so loving I'm bad Syd hi everyone
okay guys if you want that's the name
somebody at that Marshall because she's
so cute - my mom says yeah see they're
taking care of my sweaters their toys
they're just waiting for somebody to
take them home they're eating each other
it's just like our house back from the
shelter look what I brought home the
biggest stupidest dog they had and the
craziest so we just got back in the
shelter and we brought my mom some
flowers I am speechless I am so excited
and chocolate eating Jack excited and
also of course quad here and Lisa
reuniting them and seen each other in a
little while they're just okay feel
great just Girl Talk trying to get back
to the real target um and then we showed
my mom the funniest picture I've ever
seen in my entire life and I feel bad
talking about it because I do consider
Drake Bell a close family friend now
after him and my mom were singing and
dancing together a few months ago but he
tweeted well mom but it wouldn't eat
wheat
I can't see he tweeted a picture of the
TV and Victorious was on and he's like
love watching Victoria's and you didn't
know it in the reflection of the TV you
could see him standing there naked which
I thought was the funniest you can't
really make out his penis or anything so
it's not that embarrassing my mom tried
she put on glasses but it was the funny
I laughed so hard I cried I mean I feel
like that's something stupid I would
definitely do the deadly thing you were
doing yeah so have you guys seen this
picture it's amazing I think he deleted
it but best thing I've seen all week
what about you best thing you've seen oh
it just made my holiday start perfect so
they perfect so thank you Eric Belle her
Thank You Drake Bell for exposing
yourself for our enjoyment on things
that's what I'm thankful for
you're blurry naked body a big ladder
you know what that means a small penis
wait what it's like big shoe small penis
I got you guys he got you it was a
little confusing but I got this joke it
was rude is very rude to me what does it
mean it means oh it means we're getting
our walls painted a crazy color I'm very
excited what color is it it's turquoise
Navajo turquoise I'm sorry you guys not
working you look fine young beautiful
stuff you look just like you always do
just a little less makeup a little more
red we could see the green underneath
you and I'm saying like the Fiona I'm
kidding I'm kidding
I know so we're gonna get the walls
painted and then work so here's before
and the next time you see it it's gonna
be after ready after okay so it's not
dry yet so it looks streaky but it's
it's loud I like it I think it's gonna
dry real that's what she said what if
Joffrey loves it
Sealand you really loved it I know we
have been sitting here waiting for it to
dry watching The X Factor I don't if you
guys are watching this so the question
of the day is gonna be number one are
you watching it number two who do you
want to win I mean let's just Carly rose
she's like out of control she's so good
here's the thing I have a really creepy
relationship going on with
those and whip diamond-white and ya know
Carly follows me we're like friends
we're like besties we're like homegirls
me Dimond and Carly follow me you know
like we just have like 3-way tweets once
in a while where there's like hey girl
hey and then she's like RT girl on my
girl smiley pays : p ya know I'm
obsessed with that holy shit though
Carly rose I mean she's gonna win right
her and diamond I mean I don't even know
they're both amazing I think Carly Rose
might win because I don't know I just I
what do you think I don't know I if
Carly Rose doesn't win then we will
shave Shane's chest no then people what
no that didn't make any sense
all I know is I am listen no I'm not
gonna start drama I was gonna say who I
really hate but I don't want a camp
because every time I say I don't like
something everybody freaks out all I'm
gonna say is there's one particular
singer on this show who is not good and
all the judges always say that was
breathtaking or oh that was amazing and
she's terrible and Demi Lovato is always
like tweeting like my girl she blew it
out of the water no she didn't she
drowned she drowned and died it's
terrible I'm not gonna say who it is
maybe you guys can guess who it's
Beatrice is one of her little Asian
sisters waiting about her you know
features those two little Asian sisters
hi she has her own Detroiter patients
history yeah Beatrice Miller I mean come
on like I love her but she looks she's
dressed like they go in like Britney
Spears closet for my 10 years ago
they're here and they just throw all the
shit at her and it sticks terrible
that's that's what all I'm gonna say
about X Factor I'm done so have you guys
had fun hanging with us we have my name
with you say ly so so much fun guys bye
Oh
No hey see I mean that was close to
Carly rose right almost will do it do it
or a tree at me Carlene diamond that
would be alright you got to see you
later ah Charlie Maile anybody ghosts oh
there you are
