chuckling if we're smiley in a Charlie
did you kill them
fucking killed him and ate that made you
you nest nasty pervert you're disgusting
you had sex with their dead bodies
didn't you
no no no don't for my penis okay you can
go for my penis but let me put peanut
butter on the first where are they
maile charlie okay seriously did you eat
them kill them guys this is what happens
I leave my house for one day and all my
animals are killing each other is that a
pile of blood chocolate
smiley charlie well forget about them
it's only me and you now take my hand
we'll go to a place where nobody will
ever find us hey let's go Charlie
oh wait what's your name again chocolate
uh I'm terrible at names never mind of
all alone can't city guys so I just got
to my mom's house I have to drop some
stuff off from the Christmas video shoot
and I am here all alone I don't know
where anybody is the only person here is
chocolate and he's not even a person
he's well if you asked my mom he's a
person but to me he's not charlie Miley
anybody ghosts oh there you are Charlie
Charlie's here oh well would you outside
why are you making all those crazy
noises oh my god you ate Miley where is
she
yeah that's fine although Miley was
pretty fat you could have saved her for
a second meal so I am gonna just hang
out here for a little while all alone by
myself this is very very depressing but
I guess you guys are here so it's not
that depressing and muffins is here you
want to hang out muffins Hey okay am I
crazy the cat said no right I'm I'm the
only person that think this cat can
fucking talk can you talk now you're not
answering me the smart fucking cat it
looks like my mom did some shopping
stuffing cranberry sauce yams a big bag
of cocaine oh I'm so ready for
Thanksgiving so yes I'm excited for
Thanksgiving it that's probably where my
mom is she's probably out shopping for
more food that our family does not need
because we already have enough but you
know her she's trying to fatten
everybody
yeah I mean call me crazy but even this
official is fatter right don't let her
fill the void in your heart with food
don't do it
I've already been down that road fish
okay okay now good me all right right I
don't like what fish stared me I'm home
I'm home I'm home I'm home
it smells a No that's you that's not me
that's Alfredo
he is a lady fuck y'all Fredo he never
did anything so I came back home and I
was gonna relax and I go to the gym and
at least you told me that I had two jobs
you have two choice because I keep this
house clean that's what I think of you
and your chores okay what do you want me
to do I want you to know and tonight to
help with dinner you need to make this
face blush okay okay that's know so
we're not gonna do that and then she's
that's terrible I think rock bottom
it's like vlog rock-bottom I've already
hit a lot of rock bottom
what do you think Joffrey do you think
we should go fuck yourself I'm the
victim there's a big bug next to your
head I don't understand what that means
that's your sweaty ball hitter all right
I guess we'll do some chores that's it
guys so I am on the truck now right now
at the gym
everybody's looking I can pray
not cuz I'm vlogging but because I'm
sweating so much and I'm literally
making a puddle
you should see my balls nation what is
it I don't know so I'm definitely not
listening to a new cast your song right
now
okay I'm listening to like three new
catches on right now but got me thinking
all these songs from me out lately Ke$ha
Rihanna One Direction all these songs
are about the same thing like living
life and cherishing every moment and
living today like it's your last day and
all the shit what's going on
can't they find something else to sing
about like puppies for herpes or getting
your mind blown because you find out
that you who actually has no milk in it
I know crazy just feel like it's so
weird trend
but they're like milking the shit out of
it it's kind of more history or like
crazy
we're not crazy okay I'm gonna go I'm
drowning
I'm gonna bottle that and send it to you
just kidding
I don't want you get it wetter than you
already are
you're not white you're dry I'm sorry BC
guess what guess what what I cleaned out
the dishwasher
I made this spaghetti squash guess what
fucking love you guess what else I'm
watching this documentary about women
who have really really big vaginas and
have to cut them off I don't know I
haven't got to the end yet and then
that's about it it was I went to the gym
I wrote a video I know but I already
mean you're just putting your additions
on it that are useless sounds good to me
guys I love this guy oh so tonight we're
just gonna eat dinner and watch TV and
that's about it I would vlog it but it's
gonna be very very boring we started
playing video games well you're terrible
but I'm great we start playing Mario
Brothers well quite he already wants to
do that so we'll do a group effort and
all of you guys are terrible I'm great
alright you guys that's about it I'm
gonna go take a shower and oh also
question of the day what is your
favorite video games / what video games
should we play
let me know whatever it's gonna be I
know I'm gonna be better at it please
say a Barbie game yeah all right you
guys hope you had fun hanging with us we
are finding with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
