this headband makes me look laughing the
NSB
and so reassured of Kelly Kapowski hey
what's up guys yes I'm wearing a
headband there's a few reasons why and
I'm not gonna explain any of them so
fuck you
and I'd say fuck you because I assume
you're laughing which you probably
should be so today I am going to relax
and hang around right now
and drink obviously I'm drunk no I'm
going to relax and hang out around the
house today because I'm exhausted from
that Christmas video shoot I don't want
to do jack shit but since I promised to
make a video every single day in
November Here I am bitter so I went on
Twitter and asked you guys what should I
talk about today since I'm not gonna
leave my couch and most of you guys said
I should talk about Taylor Swift and
Harry Styles but I just don't see a
reason I mean for one thing they're
gonna be together for two weeks
that's how long Taylor has sex with a
guy for two weeks then she dumps him
throws him out of the van she's
basically the big bus but instead of
throwing money at them she throws
terrible songs at them Harry will move
on eventually coming out of the closet
in about 15 years all come out of the
closet around the same time meaning
we'll get together in know bigger I'm
sure he wears headbands too we already
have a lot in common I guess I can be
the question today what do you guys
think about Taylor and Harry Styles and
do you think they're gonna last second
part of that question who should Taylor
Swift date next I'm gonna go with a dog
I feel like it's the one thing she
hasn't had sex with let's move on to the
tag so you guys asked me to do the
holiday tag on Twitter and I looked it
up on YouTube and I saw a video of my
friend juicy started doing it and she
was having a lot of fun I'm probably not
going to be I'm very tired and I don't
want to do this and I'm doing it that's
what my mom said when she conceived me
already starting out this tag of the bag
okay number one which holiday do you
celebrate I mean all of them I guess
Christmas New Year's Thanksgiving the
day that Kelly Clarkson finally lost all
her weight the day Kelly Clarkson gained
on her way back those are in the same
month and Kwanzaa even though I don't
know what the fuck it is but black
people celebrate it and I like to do
they black people do one reason and when
you hit baby number two what are you
doing for the holidays this year um well
for Thanksgiving my family's coming in
and we're gonna need a lot of food for
Christmas
muley started going to New York and
we're gonna see some snow and then we're
gonna come back and see my family you
eat a lot of food and for Kwanzaa I'm
gonna call Shawna and be like hey girl -
Kwanzaa and she's gonna be like I don't
celebrate it I'm gonna be like whoa so
that's about it
number three what is your favorite
holiday drink oh I love eggnog I love
eggnog so much it's insane I don't know
what you're gonna say Shane eggnog it's
disgusting the consistency is that of
discharge the smell is that of discharge
and it's really really really really
fattening but guess what
there's nothing I love more than
discharge and getting fat another reason
I love Kelly Clarkson number four candy
canes or gingerbread men I don't know I
don't really like candy canes but I like
to suck on them and make a point out of
them just so I could stick it up my nose
and force myself to sneeze it's a long
crazy process but I don't really like
the taste but I love the taste of
gingerbread man but I don't really love
gingerbread men I'm more like a
gingerbread house because you could put
more icing on top of it and then you put
candies and they can do this then you
could break it apart then you can feel
like it can come and then you can eat
everything you really feel like King
Kong but gingerbread man just makes me
feel cannibalistic kind of gay
especially since I go crotch first
that's where the candy buttons I so I
guess I'll go did you read men number
five what is your favorite holiday song
yes that is maybe this Christmas which
is my song and it's coming out December
8th and the music that is coming out
this time I aired it and I'm excited
okay let's move on
that was enough dancing to my own music
kind of embarrassing number 6 what is
the weirdest gift you've ever received
and if it got any weird gifts I got a
lot of bonds and I don't know if you
know what a bond is but it's useless
it's like a piece of paper that says 25
dollars in 25 years so basically you're
assuming in 25 years I'm going to be
that desperate that I'm gonna be like
where's the ball and my dad always got
me bonds and he's a fucking asshole I
don't know so I guess bonds
those aren't weird though those are just
useless although I did get the instinct
Christmas album one year the opposite of
useless number seven have you ever made
a snowman yes I made a snowman two years
ago when I was in Canada and I was in
the snow for the first time and well I
don't really make one I saw one that was
already made and then I pretended like I
made it and then I kicked a ten off so I
guess I have not made one but I have
killed one and because I told you now
you have to die number eight what is
your favorite holiday fragrance pie I
don't know what that means fragrance
like a candle because in that case pie
but if you're talking about like smell
like food pie and if you're talking
about like somebody's perfume pie I
don't know if they make that but they
should number nine what is it the top of
your Christmas list I don't have a
Christmas list I haven't had a Christmas
list since I was like 10 I don't know I
don't like to assume that I'm gonna get
any presents I feel like if you just
don't assume you'll be happy and
surprised when you get one but I guess
if I had to have a Christmas list at the
top of it would be the Pug God I want
one so much I know what you guys are
thinking Shane you're anything like ten
dogs okay here's the deal
a lot of you guys are saying that and
yes I do it but I don't leave a home
anymore my three dogs my two cats are at
my mom's house and I see them once in a
while and I love them so much but you
know I'm now living with Lisa and I'm
starting my life my grown-up life and
not soon anytime soon but I would really
like to you know get a dog a little our
own to hug me and Lisa's dog and we can
bring it over to my mom's house and they
grow blue or we could get sick of it and
leave it at my mom's house and they can
all play while we say think up that's
gone either way
god I want a pug and last but not least
number 10 except for in American Idol
because like a top five after that
Vonzell Seoul's Minh anybody remember
her didn't think so what is the most
important thing to you during the
holidays I guess just being around
family I mean I see my family a lot but
I see them mostly when I'm working
because I'm always working so I see my
cousin when I'm filming a video and I
want her to be in it or I see my mom
when I'm over at my house and I'm
filming or I see my brother when he's
dropping something off because I need to
use it to film like I don't really spend
that much quality time with family so
that would probably be it I spend more
time with you guys than I do with my
family so sorry so those are questions I
know I already asked a question of the
day but I'm gonna leave these questions
in the description or the crutch box and
you guys can answer them make video
responses and we can have a big old
holiday tag fast or you can just pick
like one of the questions to answer I
don't care
start talking to each other leave some
comments comment on each other's
comments I want you guys to feel like
you're friends okay I was looking at a
video the other day and you guys are
really mean to each other like more mean
to each other than I am to myself and
I'm a dick all right you guys I'm gonna
go hope you had fun hang with me i from
hang with you and I'll see you tomorrow
for a normal language a CSA par if
anybody wants to mail me one in the
Peele box please do it and don't poke
holes in the box so how was the
experience it was awful
