she works hard for the money so huh
vomit honey she wakes up all the money
and she's never gonna get any money
probably not hey what's up you guys so
we are day two on the set of the
Christmas music video and I just love
watching Lauren work she's down there
she's getting groceries and I'm up here
doing nothing sweet revenge let's see
how many groceries she could fit in her
arms one more bag don't forget about
those huge cases of water bottles over
there yeah what yeah no no I like this
Romeo and Juliet situation I'm Julia by
the way they both died happy no okay so
it's gonna be a fun day today
well not fun for Lauren if she has to
work she's not used to that but it's
gonna be fun we are gonna be filming
kind of the beginning part of the video
which is me and my girlfriend just
hanging out to being depressed on
Christmas and then there's one part I
can't talk about because it's I don't
wanna give it away but we're filming
that part and then we got to do other
performance stuff which is gonna be fun
cuz that's gonna be like me acting like
I can sing being there so it's gonna
take a while to get that right
maybe I'll just have Lauren put on a
Shane wig and do it oh you want to get
in on this yeah well it's it's all here
for you oh yeah yeah you're not actually
allowed to touch it we'll wait until
we're done only the best for my actors
less expensive gourmet Rachael Ray she
might have been higher mad when she made
that yeah it looks
talking to the wrong guy so we are here
tell me I've enabled the vodka myself
because all this up we're filming I
don't want to give away we're doing but
that's a camera those are life behind
the scenes why are you always speaking
of hiding we're gonna talk about the
cookies and we're gonna talk about our
eating habits today because they were
bad listen I lost some oil and I went to
the gym and i starved myself at this
video and the second I get on set
cookies Mexican cooks cookies Mexican
food no you have to be skinny I'm like
really skinny like I'm really Guinea are
you looking at thinspiration your
commute just like pictures of Mary Kay
mary-kate and Ashley yeah yeah Mary kids
one man so we're in this random bedroom
you know guitar and a cage this is your
home right there next to the globe so
you have to look at it be like oh I want
to travel the world but I'm stuck in
this cage that's like a metaphor for
working with me so we're here and
there's gonna be some more interesting
stuff coming soon I promise
but right now we're just kind of doing
some boring stuff so Pierce Lauren again
my stomach hurts oh god she's about to
take a shit that won't be boring so we
just finished filming at the house and
we just finished Alex my love in prison
sweater it's you're no longer my love
interest kidding you know that's so cute
Halina made it you made that made it
with your own two hands
Wow yeah cranberries well strike these
pop
oh my Paris costume have you hit the
yeah you guys did see well you didn't
see the whole thing just get ready
you're gonna die of embarrassment for me
I know it's amazing
so how was it experience it was awful
wonderful it was a worst part um
probably watching you with the eggnog
vanilla yeah you know the best part was
she got me a cupcake you know the best
part is you're gonna be eating it on the
way to the next location if you eat in
the car alone it doesn't even count No
yeah um so we are on to our next
location we're gonna miss you thank you
so much you're the best
everybody you don't have any social
network so they can't follow you
anywhere but but they can watch you here
yeah I wished em pretend like she's in
your house nothing we want to know when
you poopy we want to know what you're
eating
no wonder you shut everything down I
wanna hear from prison dad alright guys
so I just got to the second location
which is like a soundstage for that they
created like an attic up there and I
already feel at home
there's wicker animals perfect a wicker
bear a wicker lion this is just like my
apartment a bike okay this is nothing
like my apartment I would never be that
active this is gonna be the Attic where
my character sings the song from really
creepy but the video well it'll make
sense there's a little bike that I'm
gonna ride okay I'm not actually gonna
do that
where's Courtney
oh there she is she's nothing so I'm
back in the storage area where they keep
all the props and stuff and I realized
this is literally like my house
fake porn DVDs jewelery razor blades
this is literally like my property I've
created my own studio meiloorun baby
except we need this beautiful picture of
Nicole Richie do this - fuck you I mean
just get that huge cupcake every day I
ate it sorry and then I dropped it on
the floor cuz I hit a stop sign and then
I picked it up and kept eating it
look you fingers I had a wife in the car
so my hands are all clean like oh I
didn't tell them yet about the dream I
had last night
how did dream last night Lauren was like
naked eating some girl out or no some
girl was eating you out sorry respect
Lauren Lauren goes flip the burgers flip
the burger and I'm like what does that
mean it's when you flip a girl over and
you eat her up out for behind and you're
flipping a burger thing I know and my
dream made it up yeah good you would
consider food dirty burger yes so
they're setting up for the next shot but
I snuck in here to look at some of the
footage that we shot and I just want to
show you this a little sneak peek look
how cool the shot is
it's not awesome I'm so excited about
this video guys it's so legit oh my god
okay they're calling well guys that's a
wrap we're done with the music video and
you know what that means time for pizza
I'm not stupid
you're huge you're I know you're wearing
a parka just one bite dude on camera
some food fetish Bieber be into this
shit you never liked silent because we
were eating so much
get in on that
it literally dripped down my chest oh
wait let me get it well guys you are
done I'm done for life question of the
day what's your favorite pizza topping
I'm running out of question question of
the day how huge is Laurie huge it's you
guys opieop fun name with outside my
name with you and the music video will
be out December 8th I'm so excited
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye oh
she's so greasy almost as greasy as her
it's like getting really close to people
utilities me black some juice here and
there's gold
