Merry Christmas you fucking whores you
who left the Jew with it's a Christmas
video ah don't even look at me work what
color is your skin Oh
kidding kidding I'm so excited have my
three Mexican workers they're coming you
guys are gonna see them there they are
oh look at the three of them like a
Latina boy band menudo alright guys we
are here at the Christmas video shoot
and it started to a party like we were
together we were working well we have a
Christmas sitting over on the couch we
have Jackie Horton
we have the director getting mad at me
because I'm vlogging you get a dog we
have Corey he doesn't want me anymore we
have live who looks like she's going
whale watching
wait wedding kwadir call you we're just
a lesbian realness I've got I've got
some lesbian realness definitely
definitely we have an underage sexy girl
here single and ready to way are you
single well your mom is right there are
you pregnant no you're single I might be
pregnant and single Merry Christmas
we have Shana a whole different hairdo
woman what's your new name Shirley
you're obviously a lesbian now my hand
we're yeah what do you want for
christmas you what notice with my hands
Oh show guys I like if your hands went
there it would be a whole Oh
to catch a predator so what do you want
for christmas you equally oh man I mean
that's that's the one shot I'm sorry I'm
just she's still fighting through I want
a woman really beautiful yeah no no how
about yeah why don't you go over there
and get it I've had and there done that
been there
got her there's some kind of a Soul
Train thing going through can I go
through already
it was depressing thought what hell is
life when you're entering hell and all
the devils are and then here's the
here's the devil inside Borchers inside
see look it we're trying to have fun
she's mean up no but nobody's waving for
her okay guys we're outside underneath
the gazebo and I'm standing here with
tell everybody who you are and what
you're playing hi I'm Alex Kane body and
I'm playing James girlfriend yes and I
don't want to give too much about the
video away except for the fact that this
is a new girl guys this is very exciting
for me are you nervous excited I'm
excited to return a little bit a little
bit terrified because this woman has a
shovel that's mostly why I'm terrible
yeah listen she's not gonna do anything
except for kill us and then dig our
grave and in throws it perfectly I don't
bud
oh you tell you any cavities we're good
so you just like getting really close to
people you know who doesn't want to see
what you do
you tell these me black some G's here
and there's good wow I don't know what
you said because it's far away but I
have a feeling when I watch the footage
back I'll be disturbed
yeah yeah guys turn off his dance battle
aren't you out there did I you're not
badly hahaha oh here goes why you see
otherwise are you here as much hey oh
yeah they don't have work I don't know I
just want to be a part of it Seana not
even a part of that I can't I can't I
can't watch you it's to us it's too much
and I feel wetness in between my legs
and I don't know what to do what do you
do I swear when it's wet Padrino cuz it
was wet man this is giving me everything
but wetness this is giving me Sahara
Desert hahahaha fluid putting mirages
I'm so dehydrated yeah I need an IV a
morphing to rig that welcome to the
gazebo there the gazebo it's a but fun
my boy get something out of that but
let's have a month's time and that dirty
gazebo yummy
well the question of the day is what do
you want for Christmas but I guess you
want someone buy that's a mud buy it
yeah yeah what do you guys want what do
you want
you just want Richard Gere to come and
save you from your hook Ernest wait what
yeah hey here I have had you brought
headgear in case you know you can play a
normal person yeah here is people I feel
like he's
that's very true that's like when I use
Shona I don't just use her cuz she's
black very much so I know what you're
thinking from the neck down is that
Shane that Shane's outfit nope
Thank You Friday we switch bodies oh my
god it's like the white and black
version of each other yeah yeah yeah I
guess that's like a similar by I am
funnier ha ha that word I'll take two of
you and three of you ha ha ha too
excited I know this really is my outfit
this is so weird it's like looking at
myself except for the shoes I don't I
don't do orange juices you you could
pull off the orange juice I can't I
could pull them off it's just that I was
rushing half through these or one and
yeah what's your Excuse we talk oh I can
shake her magazine good looks like he
rolled right off the page of G hey girl
what's up ah dear ha ha ha it's took my
dear girl girls stuff um cut error error
ah no that's like anywhere like hola
como estas with the team
what's the T the T is that herbal is the
green is a jasmine I can wrap now you
miss that speaker you made another
action you could wrap wrap wrap wrap out
of it spit some fire yo I'll repeat a
part bitch a bunch of fucking friend you
think you're big boys just because you
got a hat the stitching off is
fraudulent take it back
matter of fact if we're going to get it
bent it let me break you're gonna lie to
this before I've lifted now I'm feeling
out but you know I got everything
nothing to talk about the shit I thought
because believe what I witness your
strength up scandalous I'm appalled
I'm practically sick with it terrify
you're one heated up until it's Berkeley
hmm take toast down the oven
ha ha ha nice ending that was like that
was like a Jesu it was like a rapid he's
like Jesse Raab
see these girls are not ready for
weddings serving because I'm giving the
girls four-course meal gourmet now what
are you getting TV dinner you know
Trader Joe's makes good ones ha ha they
do everything is an averaging so ha he's
dead
I've heard you swallow ha ha
you want some yup
are we rolling okay yeah so go down to
Ryan and Kristin talking there on the
sofa get Ryan all right and come on into
frame so cheap cheap just how I like it
all right guys it's the last shot of the
night we got so much done we dance right
guys we dance we play
he tried cocaine for the first time it's
not even wearing us and he only had a
gallon of it go a lemon wimpy end up
with Calum oh I don't understand what's
going on nobody is gonna do after this
yes I get high party yep Mexican style
kill me out fuck I'm high he's not like
haha
I know I'm know oh I'm medium I've only
had about five kilos I'm top to far too
gross
so we're here we're almost done very
excited I'm in everybody's way I'm gonna
move over to the corner oh my god I'm in
everybody's way
I feel so fun oh I'll just sit here
so many people here and they're all fat
ugly and sore I don't want to do I have
nothing in common with anybody I mean I
have a lot in common with Teddy we both
like to get stuffed but that's it oh
well I guess I'll just get high and fall
asleep with my eyes open again oh my god
I just had a bad dream that I was
Lindsay Lohan do you think Lindsay Lohan
ever wakes up and says oh I just had a
bad dream that I was probably not I'm a
terrible person
aren't you guys it's officially the end
of day one for the Christmas music video
and I'm exhausted it's 4:00 in the
morning we've been doing going for like
hours I can't talk I really want to fart
but I'm not going to I'm in somebody
else's house it was silent but deadly so
tomorrow is gonna be a long day too a
long fun day so I can't wait to show you
guys that and also guys I am so excited
about this video like it's definitely
different from anything I've done it's
way more dramatic like cuz I don't wanna
give anything away but there's like some
emotional parts in it that are really
emotional and I'm hoping that it works
out right and there's some really funny
shit too so it's it's gonna be different
definitely different than last year so I
hope you guys like it and I hope you
guys had fun hang with me cuz I'm fine
hanging with you and I'm wearing a dress
you want to see what's under that dress
no you can't you nasty little no okay
that's all you're gonna get you fucking
whore hi nice to meet you I'm ashamed
doesn't I make offensive jokes and I
tell some morals at the end of the story
