I'm just warning you guys well you're
about to see might shock you terrify you
and put you in a mental place that
you've never been before and the only
person that's ever been there is Kirstie
Alley sweaty fat disgusting Shane I'm
sorry yes so I am just leaving the gym
right now and I've been working out like
twice a day every day eating only
chicken uh vegetables for the last week
because I am getting ready for the
Christmas video here's the thing guys I
used to be very very fat as you guys
know so my body very easily gains weight
not a lot but like you know if I don't
exercise for a week I'll gain ten pounds
so this last like six months my body's
been maybe like ten pounds up and I
haven't really cared that much but when
we do these big music videos those
cameras are fucking HD baby they show
everything so before super love I
literally had to like go to the gym
three times a day so the Christmas video
is different because we're gonna be
wearing sweaters because it's Christmas
you know I'm saying parkas just big old
ponchos and scarves cover the chin fat
so yes I've been working out really
really hard so today it's gonna be all
about me and getting back into top shape
sit top shape and it's gonna be hard we
just exercise we're gonna need some
chicken we're gonna try not to go to get
frozen yogurt five times a day and we're
gonna try to not sit at the computer all
day well I'm gonna try you guys are
technically sitting at the computer
right now so you failed hello I am the
anchorman blah blah blah blah okay
so I've never actually seen that movie
so I don't have any funny quotes from it
to say but just pretend like I did say
one that's one of those movies where
everybody in the whole world saw it and
everybody was quoting it and I was like
yeah totally right anchorman what's that
about oh yeah Will Ferrell my favorite
parts when he goes buddy what's your
favorite color
that's not anchorman what is that is it
old school blades of glory bewitched elf
what is that point is Will Ferrell has
been in way too many fucking movies for
me to remember so as you can see I
straightened my hair because I am about
to go get it cut and I am terrified I'm
getting a cut for the Christmas video
and I'm debating whether I'm gonna go
like really short like I did with the
vacation song or if I'm gonna go kind of
short like I did with super low
I don't know I'm nervous I'd ask you
guys what your opinion is but by the
time you see this it'll be done also
you're gonna notice that this apartment
is empty because I killed Lisa okay I
didn't kill her
I sent her away okay I didn't send her
away she left in a car that I cut the
brakes of okay I didn't cut the brakes
but I did forget to put gas in it sorry
so she is gone she is doing some family
stuff in another state and I'm here all
alone for the whole week what do I do
dance around naked light up the Jesus
candle burp as loud as I want
I literally just open my mouth see the
world is my oyster get ready for haircut
in three two why it is so short I mean
give me my mom's sweater and all the
only DeGeneres I know I'm very excited
quad rear is back yeah you were in New
York how was it it was us some debacles
I haven't heard that word in 10 years we
had some shenanigans oh you lost you got
stolen all the sex tapes all the
co-starring me so we are I mean it's so
short it's trying to figure this out
thank you and I have the world's biggest
pimple on my nose think that's taking a
distraction away from it so we are gonna
go get dinner and stuff I was just
telling my mom about we're doing this
Christmas video shoot this weekend which
is why I got my hair cut and I'm excited
you guys I think it's gonna be a good
one right well I mean but you create
everything yes what what does it give
you what the feel of the song yeah
here's the thing okay
you know me I'm really animated I guess
to something like a nice guy it makes me
feel a combination of thing about the
music of it the composition of it the
vocals of it makes me feel happy but sad
at the same time yes it's really
interesting and to me I feel like that's
the thing whether it's music or a movie
that's what you want like anytime you go
into the movie that makes you feel like
a multitude of things like it made you
maybe in the beginning you were angry
and then they kind of brought it to a
resolution and that you're happy and the
happiness makes you want to cry I mean
it's like it makes you feel a lot of
things so the song makes you feel good
it makes you feel sad and you don't
exactly know why it's like Gigli I made
a song version of Gigli yeah okay one of
the diet and I've already fucked up but
you know what I deserved it because I
exercise today right that's that works I
think that's how it works
I mean honestly that like speaking of
eating terrible things you were telling
me a story of oh wait we can't be
putting Miley's business on glass like
that that's true
although maybe if we do it'll help her
maybe okay yeah tell them I have I'm
going out but Marley was nowhere to be
found
so I said nothing's like that girl this
dog that jumped in a pool and drowned so
I go to the pool to look to see and she
wasn't in the pool sometimes I run a
house is she sitting there like
something's wrong with her legs I said
she thought it was a little bit but
she's stuck I picked this child and then
I look at my arm my girl never again she
will never get that VIP treatment again
and then another second things here do
it grow one time I found the console
window and mommy was just eating poop
and I said stop eating that poop she
said she looked at me for like two
seconds and guess what she did continue
so Miley I was tell me about that you
know what I thought she had class maybe
that is a classless tramp the real truth
by Miley let's just show them this good
I'm so glad I didn't touch this yet
sizzler girl we are plugging yo ass
holla at a sister can you discredit each
restaurant and plug them because you're
so good I don't maybe I should do that I
was thought because that was another
fuckin thing that I had at the airport
in on JFK GM John F Kennedy Airport
whatever fuck this disgusting tie my
world-famous onion rings can you believe
they had the audacity to serve this to
me talking about world-famous fries or
world-famous onion rings
the audacity that was how all my under
means will again so I'm almost certainly
and it's let me say the name so I didn't
have to go there hon do not go too
chichi burger they need to know cuz I'm
baby I paid I paid 1414 la salon meal
and it was horrible
no more chichi burger do some reviews
some food hurry
tell him go to his channel tell the
circus vote reviews tell them tell go to
his channel and tell him what restaurant
you want him to review that'd be good
what restaurant and I'm all about
getting back into my video games because
nobody liked the video games what man
you know I hate him
shame but that's cause you haven't a
call of duty no when I get my
PlayStation 3 idiots on I'm gonna be
online I'm gonna let them know what my
screen name is almighty become our
playing just dominate on Call of Duty
because I don't motherfucking play I'd
be in the crevice I put my Claymore on
the ground so any Queen that it's not
she want to roll up she gonna get
swelled up cuz girl yeah shame that cuz
you ain't something look at only coming
to show you the
come on after what he got if we had a
game night all right all right we'll do
it yeah let's do it we really need to
because you would love it I think I just
feel like you haven't had the right
experience that's right you know like
you're trying to turn me around but you
have the right that's okay I have to
kind of I'm thinking awesome girl what
is this sound like I said girl let me
smile but seriously I think you don't
like video that's great that we would
cuddle my girl this sounds like migrants
habit I think you would adore game if
you played the right games cuz yep then
you have to know what kind of game okay
you know I'm a falcon is getting worth
over her well I hope with you and we
will see you tomorrow
what you never heard that song no that's
my guess yeah like you got not you I'm
just series coming out our mom I'm
throwing this up I am terrible at
fashion I don't know anything I mean
this looks great to me maybe I'll wear
that maybe I'll wear a brave weight
