ha hey what's it be guys um so I am at
my mom's house right now and I'm really
scared to go in I mean this whole ghost
thing is just fucked me up I'm trying to
get over I'm trying not to think about
it and now every time I come to this
house I mean even the front of my house
looks like it's fucking haunted like
those windows look like they're gonna be
like sure and calm insured and I guess
it's haunted by the Cookie Monster
because that's exactly what I sounded
like right now cookies I want to eat
your cookies I don't have any cookies
Cookie Monster well what do you have I
have chapstick what are you a fucking
woman yes pretty much
especially in this jacket Oh Cookie
Monster you know me see yes I'm sitting
us at my mom's house I'm gonna go inside
I need to straighten my hair forgot my
straightener here because I have some
meetings and stuff today
and I can't go like this actually
doesn't look too bad although I haven't
seen the back yet the back is where it
all goes crazy that's what she said too
early for a anal joke I agree you know
what's weird side note these daily vlogs
made me realize there's one place that I
film where I always feel most at home
and it's in the car talking to you guys
I don't know is it weird do you feel the
same way like I feel like this is home
like I feel like me talking to you guys
while I'm driving dangerous but safe
does that make sense do you guys feel
the same way or do you hate when I talk
to you in the car is this weird I don't
know maybe no crazy
I just feel like this is this is where
we met each other you know like this is
where we connected like this is our
Titanic and I'm jacking your rose well
I'm probably roast this is where all the
memories are and I'm gonna die really
really old in this car that just got
really creepy while speaking of creepy
let's go inside Muir Shan it's been so
long
I mean I can't even blog anymore my mom
is so paranoid about this house
she thinks I'm a ghost that was you mere
Shane you did that
sorry so sometimes I get comments asking
what my hair routine is and I've already
made a few videos talking about it but
I've updated it a little bit so I use
the shitty straightener that I got at
Target it's called wet to straight I'm
not getting promoted by these people or
anything this is a terrible straightener
it's terrible but for some reason it
really works on my head I put it to the
setting on 4/20 which explains why my
hair is always so fried perfect and then
I still use the same hair food if you
guys saw that video I made a few years
ago this is literally the same container
I've been using this thing forever so
this is for black people and for me and
that's about it I just rate my hair but
that shit in and that's it I don't wear
the beanie anymore I used to wear the
beanie to keep my hair flat and I saw
this kid at Knott's Berry Farm he's like
I do the be anything I'm like what does
that mean he's like Emily the beanie
thing where he put the beat me on your
hair to flatten it and you took his hair
he took his beanie off and he had the
flattest fucking hair I've ever seen in
my life and I was like I used to do that
I mean it looked good on him he was
Mexican and small and email me I'm like
me I'm like this seven-foot tall monster
and I have this flat creepy hair I
probably look like some weird dr. Seuss
character so I've changed that up a
little bit so no more beanie
I'm gonna straight my hair and I will
see you guys pretty soon wow this is
like a weird daily vlog this is
literally like you're doing everything
with me why don't take a shit with me I
mean we're here why not I wish I had to
poop right now I don't maybe later
tada and my hair is ruined it's
completely fried thanks me ashamed
asshole Charlie I agree you're just done
you're lazier than Miley that's a first
so how has it been sleeping in this
house I'm good you said you're scared
last night well only because we played
with that what did we play with the
other we played with a stupid ghost out
but it tells you words as supposedly the
ghost is saying and my mom went in there
it started saying things about like all
I know is I've lived here a year and a
half and that was the first night I ever
got afraid so no more of that action
I'm done with that house I'm not done
I'm gonna do it in her bedroom
okay whatever guys I am in a kids
section at Target my favorite section
and I had to sneak away because this
fucking target is so crowded and I look
really creepy talking to myself right
now
almost as creepy as I look talking to
myself in the kids section so I've been
shopping for clothes I have a bunch or
the Christmas video and I have three
different options and I'm trying to
figure it out so I took pictures of the
three different options and I was not
smiling so they look very emo and
depressing which is not the point of the
Christmas song but here you go check
them out
which one do you like best that's a
common
today which outfit should I wear in the
Christmas video because I am terrible at
fashion I don't know anything I mean
this looks great to me maybe I'll wear
that maybe I'll wear a brave wig I don't
know anything but I do know that I
really wanted this more than anything
Shana please give me a black baby oh
here we go doing the walk that I hate
the most the walk up to Lauren's door oh
this must be what people feel like when
they're walking to their death sentence
thank you for wearing a sweater that
doesn't fit a new iPhone guys I got the
new iPhone when I got Lauren her mini
iPad I went to this I wanted to get
Lauren a gift because she's been working
hard as much as I hate to say it so I
casually mentioned him like what do you
think of those new stupid mini iPads and
she was like oh I'd get wild ooh and
then I was like perfect so I went to her
favorite card I mean I'm just gonna say
there might have been tears uh-oh she
thought she's got I was like come to my
room I need to talk to you and she's
like what oh my god what what what I do
what I do what I do
I mean God constantly just doubting
yourself stay that way never change
you know I heard the Christmas song and
I was like wow my vocals have really
gotten some rage rage 80 like I feel
like I knocked him out of the water
Titanic
he hit a propeller and he froze today
because of my rage really you know what
it's like
like Jessica Rainey is like the Whitney
Houston of the next generation like
beloved and dead no kidding kidding
Justin kidding so mean hey guys so we
are on our way to we're actually gonna
see some the YouTube offices I've never
been there before so I'm excited but you
know like me alone like everyday in the
car you know like we hustling you know
like business like y'all think like we
vlog and we just hanging out we just
putting wigs on no man we hustling like
she's just like a day or a day we
hustling like like we you know we make a
music you know that we trying to make a
movie right now that Dickinson like her
up and her you know what I mean now
we're spending our wakes
hey what's up you guys testing out some
new camera angles today slash don't want
to get a ticket and don't want to kill
anybody so I'm putting the camera on my
dashboard we'll see how this works
so I just left a meeting at YouTube and
I didn't get to film anything in there
because we were busy but I did leave my
name tag on a toilet so that happened
so the meeting was basically about some
questions I've had about YouTube and I
don't want to get too into it because
you guys will get forward but the main
issue that I see happening is that the
community is going away I feel like two
years ago there were so many people on
YouTube and they were so excited and
they were subscribing all these channels
and they were making videos and they
were whatever and now I just feels kind
of like YouTube is a place that people
go for five seconds and then leave or
they share a video and it goes viral and
that's it but there's no like connection
there is still a connection that's a lie
I feel like you guys are so connected to
me and I'm so connected to you and I
love that I just wish you guys could be
connected to each other a little bit
more and I feel like that kind of got
lost so here's the thing I'm gonna make
a full video about this pretty soon but
in a nutshell tell your friends about
YouTube tell your parents tell everybody
and say listen there is a place to go on
the Internet where you can watch videos
hang out with people and subscribe to
channels which is easy and fun and also
like bring the community back you know
because I don't want like in a year from
now that nobody's engaging they're just
like using it like you know whatever
they're going to it for five seconds and
leaving that's not fun
so hopefully more people join the site
and hopefully more people subscribe to
not just me but to everybody you know I
think that's that'd be awesome so that's
my spiel
so if you are that's actually I think
I've already done a question of the day
but let's do another one
tell me your thoughts about that about
the community what do you think what do
you think has changed and also if you're
watching this and you still want to be
engaged in the community
leave a comment and just say hey my name
is Cindy and I'm still here because I
feel like some of you guys are just not
engaging anymore and that's not fun and
it's my fault too listen I should be
responding to comments more I should be
commenting on other people's videos more
I'm totally aware of that I just get
busy and then you know whatever that's
how that's how it works but let's try it
harder let's all try harder to to make
YouTube the next place to be and not the
thing of the past you know is that
people like me are going to disappear
and then people like you know ray and
Smosh Janna all these people are all
going to disappear
because if there's no community then why
are we even making videos all right you
guys I'm gonna go enough preaching and I
just want you guys to know I love you so
much
and I love doing these daily vlogs and I
might continue to do these forever who
knows or I'll die tomorrow oh my god
what if I actually died tomorrow that'd
be fucking crazy
yikes all right so guys it's fun hang
with you Opie I thought hang with me and
I will see you tomorrow
oh fuck oh crap now you're stuck okay
you're just gonna have to sit there for
a while until I stop enjoying the view
it's pretty black Oh like Shauna's in
the video what happened to her hey you
guys guess who's here Amy Castle okay
but Amy
