hey you guys guess who's here Amy castle
okay oh my god Amy castle literally I
say to my mom like Oh Amy castles coming
over my mom went
I need a clean work I need I need to get
special coffee special to coffee I need
to get um how many chips does she want
I'll get ten types of chips oh my god I
mean Amy Kessel is an icon so if you
guys don't remember she last time I did
a the vlogs I talked about my obsession
with her and her cooking and her food
recipes and all the shit so tonight she
is going to teach us how to cook
something I don't fucking I don't even
know maybe something hot maybe like a
holiday dessert like a fast
oh wait you don't need sugar anymore Oh
maybe like a gingerbread pumpkin or like
some kind of create stroke Reem cheese
right like melts in your hands cream
cheese that actually doesn't sound right
so we're gonna do that mom is sleeping
in a haunted house now mom I didn't
really tell you guys what happened
because I want to save it but I'll give
you like as a little sneak peek
basically a lot of stuff happened last
night that I didn't get a film because I
wasn't supposed to think we we'd say
things like is there somebody here and
there'd be a bang at the door like crazy
should happen my mom felt some crazy
shit and then she slept here that night
how was it you're not scared what
because I know my mom is here and it's
very very that's a very wise thing to
say five days later we find mom what
dead The Grudge style face like and I'm
like alright well perfect I know so yeah
so we're trying to still investigate
this we're gonna know in five days how
haunted this house is they're gonna come
back with all the research and they're
gonna like look through the computer
system and find out what the fuck
happened in this house but more
important things Selena Gomez and Justin
Bieber broke up
I mean thoughts they don't care at all
thoughts
I feel bad for Justin it was like his
first major love oh come on
you felt bad for Justin I feel bad for
Selena she did well this here's the
thing like they are young and stuff but
like Selena looks like she doesn't take
bullshit she looks like she's like you
know what you're crazy I'm getting away
from you I don't think Justin deserved
her and then on the other hand I don't
care and also I could be completely so
my personal opinion is I don't care
nobody should care and Justin and Selena
should be able to do whatever the fuck
they want and nobody should give a fuck
and it shouldn't be a trending topic on
Twitter yet Here I am talking about it
and the video and thumbnail title is
probably gonna be Justin Bieber and
Selena Gomez breakup so I guess I do
care but all in all my mom feels bad for
you
I do Justin I he's just a baby
baby baby baby terrified oh come on you
cut sugar you got to get some salt in
there
what's your thought on Tom Tom can you
that one more kind of slower
yeah that's my thought on tongue -
except for I like to cut the tongue off
and deep fry I mean that's first part
just pick it up
it would feel like bursts in all the
juices ha it's great no but it's your
face you know why is there heretic
warhead challenge
maybe that cow it's more hits before you
got shot in the head by some farmer
don't blame the tongue on your period
alright let's see oh the alcohol what's
your favorite oh my god not as scary as
I thought I was going to be I mean
definitely creepy I know you made a cute
oh ok never mind
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
one left
yes oh my god I know I'm getting it it's
good cause it's cake boss with fawn dawn
and thorny ice oh my god wailing get me
next names of people nobody
Oh dirty ice only Cake Boss people know
that means nobody do I want a piece of
this yes yes I do
what is he selling just selling cakes
that's not from Hoboken
it's from it probably is that looks like
well no matter how gross it looks or how
expensive it is
it's going in the cart cuz it's Cake
Boss yep I just wasted my money
speaking of wasting my money an
investment in his future
cuz he's gonna grow up to be a huge
awesome bear watch the fuck out Lisa's
gonna be so Anatomy should be like
another fucking fake animal your
bargaining ham give me that kind of
breast feed my bear huh
what's his name question of the day guys
yeah what sorry we're having a moment so
what's his name guys that's a sign his
name is gonna be something gangster and
something illegal Tony that's like the
least I feel like I'm Jamal
it's okay Jamal we're gonna take you
home oh man I wish I had that excuse
when I was in high school it's just snow
it's magical guys I feel just like Emma
Stone in the help because I'm not doing
shit and you're doing all the work so
let me make I'm making lettuce right now
oh my god yeah I mean it's just all
about the technique in which you cut it
yeah it just makes the flavor did you
eat your own eye
in my bathroom yeah sure that's not we
can't wait for that mom you gonna get
some of that already had some of that
lettuce
she had a whole bowl of a lettuce I know
so we are making Thomas we had me going
on we have some different kinds of beans
we have her putting the lettuce into a
bowl with a knife not sure if that's a
great technique I'm so you know it was
perfect timing
just hanging out in the garage the
haunted garage scaring the shit out of
Shawna I told her about everything that
happened last night and she was like and
I'm leaving but somehow I got harassed
this come in the garage the most haunted
area of the house I've just been saying
prayers and singing hymns in my head my
favorite thing to do is say hey ghost
Shawna said fuck you ghost
Shawna said you have a small baby dick
ghost ghost Shawna said Shawna said you
look like Gordo from Lizzie McGuire
we do on Lizzie McGuire
wait are you friends with Porto oh no we
just cause him drama some friend drama
he was way older bro that's prom for the
tape Gordo's 28 maybe he's the ghost in
my house shear that no I heard that good
hey go shows it fuck you make a noise if
you can hear us goes hey yo you know
what we is right now
fucking deadbeats yo man we fuck him or
that piece is pretty hard she got a
pieces she put out up in her face you
got a mission and then we Roni deepen
her throw and she ate that piece of
heart she got that cheese in between the
toes she got that pepperoni between the
lips she got that on unit between a
mouth and she's made you wanna make that
noise I don't want that silence silence
I was a piece of cake
we're here in Iran a pizza place it's
like 2:00 in the morning or something
and we need to get the fuck away from my
house because it goes to scaring all of
us I mean listen I'm ready for that goes
to go home not to my home but to go to a
different home are you ready hey this
haunting our oh we got to get back to my
house it's almost 3:00 a.m. yeah
hesitate we already we told the ghost
today we're like you want a date with
shauna and it was like yeah oh wait I
just heard something I think I heard it
goes never mind
I'm getting diarrhea from this pizza
it's just my stomach time to go
yeah and I'm driving home and this is
really fucking dangerous
but I don't care because I'm black and
even though I'm probably gonna crash and
I think he really bad influence on
everybody because I'm driving and
holding a camera in my hand and it's
5:00 in the morning so I'm hallucinating
because I'm really really really tired I
had 500 cups of coffee and I don't even
know what I'm saying
yes it is 5:00 in the morning I was
super tired all this goes something shit
warming it out how these go stay up all
night what are they drinking and what
are they smoke I can't even stay up till
10:00
this is what happens when I get tired I
start talking Aunt Hilda voice shit just
gets weird to the house yesterday and I
was like Alicia
you look gorgeous and she's like never
fucking do that again ha ha um give me a
kiss honey I so I hope you guys had fun
hanging me - hang with you and I'll see
you tomorrow
everybody's back the day we books are
back are you excited literally turned
away from me
