Oh if you're bored as fuck well you're
in luck why don't you guys ever sing
when I want you to you're not even real
this changes everything
hey what's up you guys know they're not
real all my characters are in my head
and this is what happens when I put them
out on display so I decided to be fine
if I did a New Year's party I felt my
characters and I'll be in the middle
with that hat and a blower and it's
really creepy to see it like this right
it's like almost looks like me but I'm a
little bit whiter than that
definitely fatter than that I definitely
have less emotion than that okay so it's
not like me at all but hey it'll do
aren't you guys so we are shooting the
picture are you excited
is this terrifying they came in and I
was like so I set up a little party and
they're like oh great a party and I'm
like it's that oh can we see like a
little sneak peek there we go
story of my life with nobody at that
terror in your eyes well that's just me
you know that's just it's I'm thinking
about everything in my head and it's
terrifying all right we're gonna finish
this up hopefully it comes out even more
terrifying than that Lisa Lisa Lisa look
I'm promoting your bows no they can't
see it I crapped it out usually suppose
see it's for everyone even those with
extreme body hair day I will put it on
my pubes but I think you might give this
away so
yeah I feel like really pretty and kind
of cheap but in a good way that's what
cheap and cute and pretty um so you guys
haven't seen this yet this is my
bulletin board so you look over here I
don't wanna get too close because it'll
give away our secrets but you have the
Elise's bulletin bar which is covered in
work stuff and then you have mine which
is covering two pitches of puppies
one two three four five six eight nine
puppies and then this little drawing I
made when I was like 10 that says hang
in there God's timing is everything cuz
you know when I was young I was really
depressed so I would draw pictures or
coloring pictures I don't even know what
that is it's like a giraffe I don't like
you know but it's inspirational so wait
what are these bows are these these are
yours right yeah a whole line of holiday
bows for your arm hair for your arm hair
see the one you're wearing is so cute
it's big oversized and I love it
well if you sell a million of these are
you gonna give me a million she's gonna
take a picture naked with just one of
the little bows oh hey actually the
little butt would make it look bigger
yeah no I just found that true something
bows so I got excited because I'm not
really selling anything I don't really
have anything creative to so I'm sure
it's yeah but bows are like something
good like I want to sell like condoms
but not like condoms but like well I
guess Khan but I want like sheneneh's
face on it like I'm the edge of the dick
oh then we kill a boner right so I'll
put the link down there if you guys want
a bow I'm sure hey you're welcome
she didn't even ask me to do that I'm
sure they're cheap are they cheap
like many cheap all right no so I
haven't actually shown you guys his
apartment here so I've kind of showed
you guys where I live but this is the
apartment that's a couch that's the TV
that's a guitar that nobody uses that's
a picture of me and Lisa that's a Jesus
candle right next to a giraffe and this
is a squirrel candle that's about it
it's a very interesting place you have
the puppies on the walls you guys have
already seen that you have cilantro you
guys have already seen that there's
really nothing else to show you guys and
we got Joffrey oh it's been so long
tough we everybody's back the day we
bugs you're back are you excited
literally turned away from me and
inanimate objects turned away from me
what's nice turn bitch who is that it's
like looking into like a darker mirror
cuz your hair is a darker than mine like
a funhouse mirror so we just did I
didn't film any of it cuz I I'm trying
to get back into the hang of David Boies
guys and sometimes I forget to film but
we just did the commentary for a smiley
I had a lot of fun Roger Bart was here
he's the other actor in smiley who's
like an actual actor he's been in a
bunch of movies he was really funny we
just talked about the movies said our
favorite parts are not favourite parts
at one point I looked over the screen
and I'm like we're watching the movie I
really forgot I was like an hour in also
there's like oh we should both start
talking about
just hanging out just hanging out I
don't remember if we've done a question
of the day today but if we haven't then
the question of the day should be what
is your favorite snack because I'm
looking at a black a bag of snacks that
totally sketch brought over and he said
he would he call me go hey do you need
do you pick up any food or anything I
said well I don't have any snacks with
grace here so Roger Barton I go thirsty
and hungry he's like I got it covered
two bananas
vocal wrote a huge bag of pretzels very
soft drinks you know cuz that's how we
want how we roll some other and one Twix
bar for all of us to share this for does
it make sense well I'm very proud I'm
also you know watching the movie again
doing commentary with them just makes me
even more proud he made a movie you guys
snaps for him if you haven't seen
smiling part of it how can I see it
right now it's not babies anymore cuz
it's not Halloween anymore you can bring
it to your hometown Oh still yeah you
can raise your hometown yeah thanks for
like Walmart really Walmart that's big
it's like you get smiley along with two
bananas and we're all gold all right you
guys hope you have fun hanging with me -
a with you and we will see you tomorrow
that's only for me be good they don't
get ok super homoerotic ooh this finger
touched you jealous you guys know listen
they're gonna find more than ghosts are
gonna find demons
stop it
