boo did that scare you guys no okay
well you're gonna be scared boo no I'm
just kidding we are though going to be
scared because we're waiting for ghosts
right now because in about ten minutes
Lauren and a ghost hunting crew are
going to come and investigate this house
so what do you think they're going to
find mmm
I already took a truck police forces
okay well I'm guessing go listen they're
gonna find more than ghosts are gonna
find demon stop it Shane Lee they're
gonna find demons who are just waiting
to devour all these snacks that I'm on
file every time I look young the young
gangster that we got in the office she
don't go into play here and loves the
fact that I like to do a spread I mean
literally I was like oh some ghost
hunters are coming or whatever my mom
buys cupcakes
she buys donut I don't even know they
sell Donuts at the grocery store she
bought ten different types of chips she
bought dips she got another fish really
I would buy snacks for go stutters well
hopefully they come here soon so we can
get this investigation on the road okay
that's all the ghost hunters in here it
got some ghost-hunting equipment that's
a good oh that's Charlie
Loreena Cher she looks beautiful in
Chinese bladder apparently he just peed
everywhere
Charlie's terrified Tony's here he has a
clipboard I would like for this is a
this is very official don't forget so
when you see the ghost you can just
write down saw go go permit how are you
doing mom are you nervous
look at her she says it looks like you
have one leg that's skitzer Charley's
eating everything is I'm not an
emotional eater like me Bree is here
are you excited are you scared I'm so
scared you're gonna see a little girl
tinkle her panties tonight if lungs are
a little bit of blood in there yeah
Stacy's here
are you excited super sorry yeah you
said I'm sure what if we see something
we better see something late ha ha ha
I'm not thinking pick either way you
know same that's how works everything
sorry yeah and we're taking the chip
Virginia we're gonna solve ha ha ha
chocolate is very very excited can't
wait to suck some ghost dick chocolate
has been all about the dick lately
he's just been hopping all over that
dick so I was just talking to bring
quite here very excited they're gonna be
in a movie they're filming me right now
a horror movie legend
what are you playing I'm playing a
homeless princess i profited so much fun
meta meta that what do you play I'm
playing the lead love interest goth girl
Oh
my name is Sameera I know and I work in
the storage shed units nice place yeah
my landlord um basically you pay her in
what i pair in sample paper mm-hmm
Jagr but that's how I'm warming in the
movie Lauren's here for 5 seconds and
she already has everybody around the
computer watching our proposal video
it's like torture oh and she said yes
I'm gonna pause alright this is my time
to go I'm gonna go get possessed by
fucking ghost
are you nervous muffins are you gonna
see it ghosts already see one so one
over there
muffins is a real ghost detective all
right you guys freeze are the
night-vision cameras of all the rooms
that are haunted in my house we have my
bedroom that's my mom's room my bathroom
and my garage now we were just in the
other room and we saw we had one of
these like monitor things and I went
crazy in the garage so I know there's
something there
are you excited monkey no matter how
terrified I know I'm not scared I'm I am
tired no I'm just waiting I almost wish
that she would like talk to me so my
grandma just pop up Hey Girl hey philu
am y'all should clean up it so all the
lights are off they're going lights out
as they call it because that's when the
ghosts are gonna show their faces guys
this is really pretty scared this is oh
my god that's good as shit this is like
serious or guys what if we see oh my god
okay I'm gonna stop vlogging and walking
in the fucking dark I'm gonna turn into
a damn ghost kill myself okay guys so
we're in my bathroom right now we have
some candles and stuff lit up so I'm
gonna explain kind of um what happened
just so oh no no there's shit going on
in here else in here this this is good
so breathe really yeah you should know
so okay so we came up here so my grandma
told me to come up here long story short
we were downstairs there was a collage
of my grandma that my I went right to
this little Oscar that she was holding
and I was like are you trying to tell me
something grandma and then his I went to
the Oscar too and then he's like your
bathroom and I'm like what do you mean
well the Oscars right there so we come
up to the bathroom instantly we all got
really uncomfortable and
and he said you know if you're here
flicker the candle and that candle over
there went fucking crazy and then we're
like okay if you want to tell us
something make a noise and there was
like a knock we're like okay and we kept
asking in there kept losing more noises
more noises more noises and finally we
figured out I think this house is like
like Tony said this house is unfinished
like it never felt like my house it
always felt like somebody was like
something bad happened here they kind of
put a coat of paint and then they moved
out somebody flanked the other side
shower like oh yeah by the way he was
standing in the corner where you are and
his wrist her and his camera broke so
yeah I was standing that corner that's
where I started feeling something but
the thing but look yeah the thing is
this isn't this isn't like it's not just
change grandmother being oh yeah good
energy yeah it's like these are people
and these are people telling us like my
grandma I think my grandma's here to
protect us because subconsciously I laid
out her stuff all over my house your mom
just took the pictures out and just
started putting them stuff of her mother
all over the place so that you guys are
sort of spontaneously just taking stuff
and putting right around but there's
something shame you don't know I need to
tell you right now what the collage
picture that you and I both picked out
the same photo yeah you weren't in the
room your mom came in and guess what
what she went right to the same photo
really no joke we have it on camera we
have it on audio she the exact of all
those photos the exact same photo your
mom pointed to the same one and said
this photo stands out to me this one do
you think that your grandma is
protecting you from the black figure in
the garage well my thought is I think
whoever lived here before maybe not
before before before killed himself in
the garage and I think that's the energy
that's here that my grandma is
protecting us yeah spirit guy is what we
call that
well guys spirit guys just got scariest
fuck you all right yeah I'm going our
spirit guides or what our relatives that
have passed and they're around when we
need them for
protection and so I mean if you're not
feeling your grandma all the time she's
there in the times when you really do
need her well she's definitely here
whenever I'm in this house because this
house has something wrong with it so we
just realized we flicker flicker the
light that there is there is no attic in
my house and it got torn down right now
my bedroom there's this weird crawlspace
and I was like plugs in there I mean I
knew that there was a opening but I
didn't know there's like plugs and stuff
in that I didn't know it was a livable
crawlspace like what is anything here
we gotta get upstairs job so master
bedroom by the bathroom there's a
crawlspace that we discovered it doesn't
really like it beats anywhere I'm gonna
try to get out there I'm not even
kidding you guys there's not even being
funny anymore there's something wrong
this house okay so where my brother's
old room right now or and we're finding
out more stuff about this house I didn't
know like this little door leads to the
bottom of the house and not only that
and on the bottom of the house there's
postcards there's a light okay somebody
living down it wonderful I've been
living here like a year and I don't know
any of this shit there was a rat person
there I'm sure an old sure they were
sentimental so they send on postcards
which is nice that's beautiful
what if it's like a suicide note from a
rat person let's find out fucking riddle
and they Cheon go Tony is such an idiot
there's a crawl space that goes through
the house get the fuck out of here
and I think Stevens penis ISM can make
some fun
did you tearing at me how'd your penis
I'm here definitely I think it was on
okay there's a letter and there's a
fucking stairs the animal on the other
side of the house that's fucking stared
at me wait really
yeah what is it it's just the two eyes
it could be metal but this is the fuck
it's like bad heart
yeah bad art both garden that's a letter
oh my god here's here we go guys
whoa what the fuck what the fuck is that
hey good girl with a broken neck yes
here's a poem that I had written for you
a couple of something actually it was
last year you were always mysterious and
I found you miss mystery intriguing more
a mystery to yourself than anyone I
wanted to be sure like I don't know guys
I'm scared and I'm too lazy to read the
whole thing it seems like we did this up
but this is not get know this is not set
up at all this is what sent actually but
I wish I could see like what the year is
the I don't know can you see any date on
this look so looks like shitty art from
the eighties nineteen fuck scratched out
there's a phone number of it Robert art
galleries or anything else to me
no I mean you can see across the bottom
of the floor and there's like a little
animal there's something if I like just
like hung down could I see anything or
get to like actually physically couldn't
have to give a linter noun for somebody
it goes into like dark space later if
it's recording pussy those are the
crawlspace under your house something in
there so it's just like this is pretty
normal but this isn't this is like the
second floor it's not like we're under
the house oh that's a good point so now
we're gonna go to the garage where I
think somebody killed himself perfect
great
hey what's up you guys so it is 4:30
a.m. right now well I'm tripping over
myself so tired everybody's leaving my
house
we finished the ghost hunting so
basically what happened was we had a lot
of little experiences we had like we
heard things we saw some shadows and
stuff but we asked a lot of questions
and we left voice recorders everywhere
so now these ghost hunter guys who have
been doing this for like 20 years are
going to go back listen to the footage
and
and sit and try to see if anybody's
trying to talk to us and I swear to god
you guys the more I've gotten to get to
know this house the fucking more scared
I am like I don't know what I was
thinking when I got this house what the
fuck was I thinking and especially when
I was family friends forever back here
and I was like doing murder scenes all
over the house I feel like that stirred
some shit up cuz ever since then I've
been seeing ghosts I didn't even tell
you guys about this I saw a ghost
two weeks ago standing by the pool I
mean scariest fuck all right well I'm
gonna go to bed I'm gonna try to sleep
question of the day do you guys believe
in ghosts yes or no if you don't I
totally understand listen I didn't
believe in any of this shit until like a
year ago when I really started seeing
shit so let me know I'm curious
I know hopefully soon we'll have an
update to see what the fuck is going on
in my house all right you guys I love
you talk to you later I love you I'll be
offending with me cuz I have fun with
you maybe I woke up oh my god I'm gonna
get some chicken get the fuck out of
here
