guys are just made to podcast with
Jacqueline cladding social repos oh my
god fucking relationship gold just has
so many feathers so many questions we
talked about sex we talked about God we
talked about YouTube we talked about
drama
drew did you enjoy it I had a great time
thank you dad did you guys enjoy it
depended terrified of me I know guys go
check it out so I'm glad to come
sociated friends me hey what's it be
guys yes welcome back to another
conspiracy theory video now today's
video is kind of all over the place
we're going to be talking about some
dumb things and some really scary things
that might be threatening us right but
first let's start with something dumb
but obviously it did kind of blow my
mind when I heard about this one this
first conspiracy theories about stuff so
as all of you guys know Starbucks is one
of the biggest coffee chains in the
entire world and the baristas are
incredibly talented I mean the amount of
insane drinks they have to make all the
personalized drinks of a uniform
frappuccinos the complicated
abbreviation system that they write on
the side of the cup they have to be
incredibly smart to get all of that shit
right and to get it done fast so if
they're smart enough to do all of that
then why can't they get your fucking
name right I can't tell you how many
times there's been a Y in my name or the
my name is Shane and this is something
that pretty much all of you guys go
through I mean pretty much every single
person that's ever ordered from
Starbucks has had a crazy misspelling in
their name I mean it's pretty much a
meme at this point so that's where the
theory comes what if Starbucks is
purposely misspelling your name so that
you will take a picture of it and post
it on social media for free caboose I
know literally it sounds crazy but makes
so much sense I can't tell you how many
mornings I woke up at eff scroll through
Instagram and so many people I'm
following or posting pictures of their
Starbucks cup and the wrong name or
snapchat saying how do they put a V in
my name
my guess is that
thousands of pictures are posted every
single day from Starbucks customers that
got their names up top so that's
hundreds of thousands of more people
that are constantly showing pictures of
the start so if this theory is true then
that means that when you're getting
trained as a barista your boss is like
hey misspelled as many names as possible
make it as weird as you can James put B
in there because the more pictures means
the more free I don't know that one to
me I a hundred percent believe it okay
now this next conspiracy theory is about
something I can't get away from this is
a theory about fifteen centers fidgets
spinners have taken over the world it
seems like every single person I know is
constantly posting pictures and videos
and snapchats of them spinning their
little fidget centers so there's a few
theories about these little toys some of
them are pretty far-fetched but one of
them actually makes a lot of sense okay
first of all I don't have to say it
telling the naughty confirms but besides
that the real theory is the fitted
spinners are meant to distract now the
idea of the government or the Illuminati
distracting us with certain things is
not new remember a long time ago we
talked about the theory that Britney
Spears actually being brainwashed by the
Illuminati and her mental breakdown that
she had a shade red that was to distract
us from what was actually going on more
now the time Britney Spears shaved her
head President Bush was going through a
lot that he did not want us to vote so
that theory is that the government used
Britney as a way to distract us now
think about the world's currently and
how insane it is all the craziness is
going on in the White House all
craziness is going on with the ISIS
attacks but what is everybody and their
mom talking about instead of those
things bucking of fidgets spinners I
mean if you go on Twitter or Instagram
or any other social media yeah you'll
see a couple people talking about the
serious issues but for the most part if
all fidgets spinners now I know you're
thinking this is probably far fetched
but let this sink fidget spinners were
invented 20 years ago they have been
around for 20 years but all of a sudden
they're taken over is that because the
one charge likkle fuck who needs a
distraction oh these perfect now part
two of this theory is a little more
intense and that's the theory that China
is using fidget centers to take over for
now this is an article from the Chicago
Tribune and it says I don't know who
planted these devices in our country but
it was clearly a malicious act intended
to distract us from more important
issues they also go on to say many
fidgets spinners are manufactured in
China I know this because my extremely
focused son recently bought a pack of
tennis banners from a Chinese
distributor and this is where it starts
to get a little grease at the rate
things are going the Chinese military
could overrun the west coast and our
children would be too distracted with
their fidget centers to notice anything
now clearly he's joking about this but
there's a hint of truth in every joke
the fact that most of these digit
spinners are coming from China and the
fact that we are all completely
distracted by them
maybe that theory isn't that far-fetched
at all and maybe we should start looking
up from our business matters to see
what's going side now once again these
are just theories I love China I'm not
trying to piss them off but either way I
definitely think these fidget centers
that are involved in something bigger
than just helping us cheering xiety goes
I'm guessing about 90% of the people
that play with them don't actually have
anxiety okay now this next theory is
something that is very scary because
it's something that's happening to us
every day it's a theory the government
is poisoning our municipal water
honestly if it's gone they put other
stuff in it to clean it everything else
now on top of that they're medicating us
with fluoride it's a chemical soup
what's coming out of your tap water if
you live in a place where you get
fluoridated Bart is a chemical soup that
would be youtuber named Alyssa Melton
and she was explaining the process of
water fluoridation now some of you guys
might not notice I did know there is
fluoride and pretty much all of our now
this started happening back in 1945
Grand Rapids Michigan became the first
city to start putting fluoride in their
water and by 2008 more than 70%
the United States has slide in their
water now why is the government putting
fluoride in our water well they say it's
because it will help prevent tooth decay
really the government's putting fluoride
in our water because they care about our
teeth
well the theory is that the government
is putting fluoride in our water to do a
lot more than just prevent tooth decay
they also want to medicate us to make a
submissive and make us easier to control
we are being poisoned that's the bottom
line and if you want to think about
other things having to do with fluoride
it'll scare you think about the fact
that not the last people to the
fluoridated water before us was not be
concentration camps Hitler was
fluoridating the water in a
concentration camp yeah Hitler put
fluoride and you know Hitler didn't give
a fuck if all the people that he was
keeping captive for giving tooth decay
he was trying to make them weak and make
them easier to control and there's proof
that that might be happening to us
those distressing findings come from 18
studies done worldwide showing a
substantial lowering of IQ and overly
fluoridated areas yeah places that have
more fluoride in the water the people
have a lower IQs which means their
number which means they're easier to
manipulate and it's not just about that
it's also about killing us off in a
study by the US Public Health Service
that was also confirmed by Harvard
Medical School areas that had fluoride
and water and a higher percentage of a
type of bone cancer I mean listen it
does kind of make sense cancer is
spreading so fast and nobody really
knows how to prevent it maybe that's
because we are slowly giving it to
ourselves with all the fucking water
were drinking and if you don't think
Florida's dangerous what's being added
to municipal water supplies the fluorine
compound called hydrofluoric acid and
it's a by-product from the phosphate
fertilizer industry yeah fertilizer so
not only use their studies that show
that fluoride in water
making us governor consider it's also
killing animals the Environmental
Protection Authority says fluoride from
Alcoa aluminum smelter at Portland is
making kangaroo sick listen all I'm
saying is that there's something fucking
fishy going on we've talked about
chemtrails before something that we
still completely don't understand and
now this they both seem very connected I
mean just for example in most countries
in Europe they don't have fluoride in
water and guess what their level of
tooth decay is not the same as ours so
think about that next time you go to
your faucet and you gave yourself a big
glass tub
okay now this next thing we're going to
talk about scared the shit out of me no
we've talked about creepy YouTube
channels before this one by far scared
me the most this is the channel of a man
who sits on the floor stares at the
camera and smiles for four hours
yeah you literally just sits there and
smiles and stares at you for hours and
if you go through his channel this is
always video after video after video of
him sitting in the same place staring at
the camera for hours his name is
Benjamin Bennett and he started on July
28 2014 and that video he live-streamed
for hours not making any noises and
barely defending now there's a lot of
theories about this channel and why it
exists one of the theories is that
Benjamin is being forced to make these
videos by some crazy person who is
kidnapped now in this videos you can
hear a clicking of a gun and then he
starts to cry
I know fucking creepy this fall and this
isn't the only creepy moment in this
videos there's one specific moment that
I saw where his eyes like did this weird
shifting things now after I watched more
and more of his videos I started feeling
like maybe this is some kind of social
experiment or art project I mean a lot
of people are thinking to use possessed
or he's a demon or he's getting out but
I think he's just an artist so I did
some research and I found out that yes
he actually is a performance artist and
then I found a video it's been talking
which was really weird to see after
watching him just sit and not talk for
hours I know weird right it's kind of
like when you saw poppy in that
interview and she was like acting like a
normal person like little wait what well
then I thought another video from doing
something that might be even fucking
weirder than sitting and smiling
I don't understand that but I fucking
love that so I found an interview that
he did with Vice and he explained why he
decided to circus the interviewer asked
why and he said I don't know it seemed
like something that the internet was
lacking it seemed like it needed to be
done and nobody else was going to do it
I love that I love that he's like nobody
is sitting and staring at the camera for
four hours now I don't do it but there
is something really crazy that happened
to this guy so as he was sitting staring
at the camera somebody broke into his
house but he didn't want to move if he
didn't want to fuck up his livestream so
he stayed there while the person opened
the door and well just watch what
yeah that was real literally he got
broken into this is a clip from his
interview where he explains it it was
around Thanksgiving and I heard a knock
on the door and that was the only one
home then I heard some loud bangs and
somebody lurking around downstairs while
I was upstairs he opened the door and
said hello and I didn't move any close
the door left the house and then I just
finished the session I found out that he
had kicked in a my door that is
commitment to art that is just
terrifying ok so this next one is it's
really stupid but it still kind of made
the really freaked out I got an email
from a viewer named Charles and he told
me about this video basically the video
is Vladimir Putin walking down the
street and he waves at a pigeon and then
well also too much if you missed it
check it out solution
yeah the fucking pigeon saluted he waved
at the pigeon and then pigeon with now
in the email I got from Charles he
basically said what if the pigeons are
secret spies or what is their fucking
robotic pigeons and what if they have
some type of technology inside of them
and they literally are flying around
spying on everybody it sounds crazy
well like the fucking video again I mean
come on
the fucking pigeon saluted that was not
a normal pigeon thing to do I love that
looks stupid but it's still increasing
the fuck out okay so the last thing
we're going to talk about it really
excited because this is something that
we talked about a couple weeks ago so
there's an Instagram account called I
know exactly who you are
so basically you DM them and then they
send you a DM back saying a bunch of
things about your life that there's no
way they could know now this account
gets taken down a lot I mean just in the
last month I think Instagram that
deleted it like four times but it came
back and I direct messaged him and I set
up in the interview okay guys I am here
with I know exactly who you are
hi yodel okay so this is a little scary
because I don't know what you know I
don't know if you're in my computer
right now if you're in my phone are you
on consciousness or tomorrow we'll group
okay guys so your Instagram account is
pretty crazy I talked about it on my
youtube channel and a lot of people
domestic Jimmy saying that you've known
secrets about the past about
relationships they've been in about
childhood memories things that are
impossible that you know how do you find
these things
yeah just like look at your picture and
it seems like to me my brain just tells
me like exactly who you are what you
have done in your life your life what
have you done wrong weren't even right
and I just give you information but so
like a psychic you're just wait so okay
wait
see I didn't know that because I knew I
thought maybe you were hacker who was
pretending that you weren't hacking
because you didn't want to get in
trouble but you're saying you are
hacking you're literally a psychic
correct I mean on Instagram I just did
it for fun at first like it's missing
wrong people but then I started like
really getting a deeper understanding
what it was not open up the third eye so
I just really start like no so I mean
listen I'm a skeptic
person you know I definitely believe in
psychics and stuff I would call your
bullshit but some of the stuff you tell
people is pretty crazy I mean you you
know things about them that they don't
post on Instagram like I was looking at
some of the direct messages and a girl
wrote me back and said how did you know
that I've never posted about this person
I never told anybody about this crush so
I don't know I do kind of buy it a
little bit it's a little weird now have
you ever gotten some kind of like a
vision about somebody that was too dark
and you didn't want to tell them like
maybe when they were going to die or
something bad was going to happen there
was this girl I think her name was
Natalie or my it was like started with
any person was like horrible like her
family her father broke up like her
mother and it's just like it was just so
much I can't even tell her and I told
her a little bit she started like
written down client entity and it's just
like blown it up crazy I just I just
couldn't do it
that's so interesting I mean it kind of
makes sense I mean you know we've talked
about the psychic twins a lot on my
channel and they're psychics and they
give people readings and stuff I guess
this new generation of psychic is on
Instagram it kind of makes good well
that's another thing so Instagram has
been shutting down your account a lot
because they suspect that you're hacking
people because your shows so like real
what do you tell Instagram do you say
hey no I'm not hacking anybody give me
my cow back I mean the first time I
deleted base um they don't need me for
harassment and stalking and all that
what I see know them and I emailed them
like saying like I didn't do anything
wrong and I think that their terms and
condition to misko's like I'm breaking
rules and they they had to provide
poopdeck some of the DM for mine and he
had with my charges a lot of stuff that
interesting well you know your
instagrams can shut down a lot but you
keep coming back I do have a lot of
followers I mean a lot of people are
interested in this even if you don't
fully believe it you know
still pretty interesting so if you guys
want him to a read your future go check
them out so if you guys call me can you
guys be patient because I actually have
a lot of reports and I can't really get
to any n1f amazing how many people are
hitting you up like daily we get them
all literally all 10,000 views every day
what yes 10,000 oh my god Wow well good
luck
haha well guys
the sediment DM is going to take a lot
yeah all right you guys hopefully you
enjoyed those conspiracy theories today
if you want me to do more conspiracy
theory videos and if you want me to do
them more often give me a thumbs up so
let them also make sure to subscribe to
my channel right down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
any of my other conspiracy videos I've
done a ton of them I've done one's about
Avril Lavigne's too much of being the
devil a lot I'll put a link to a
playlist or topics for people who aren't
you guys I'm going to go and please
don't be so distracted keep looking for
the truth
you
