never feel like there's something behind
you something scary and old and just
terrifying
and then you oh my god oh oh I was right
it's The Grudge the real-life grudge she
does hold a grudge
okay okay you're scaring everybody so
what are we doing today Lauren going to
this studio working on the Christmas
song normal people normal people don't
talk about Christmas alai unless you're
Walmart and you start selling a shit ten
months early so we're gonna do that and
then uh that's take a lot out of us time
you see us will probably be not looking
this good big soft it I'm gonna look
worse than that can you imagine Oh God
oh here come all your favorites yeah
give them kids Oh actually they don't
care about you they walked right past
you that's what I do when I see you
although there is one person the dogs
like what here they love you
well you're like the opposite of Lauren
so what are you doing today I'm going to
lose myself a nice hot and Ranchi he
loves five dog she's a little caesars
guitars are disgusting
chocolate shop chocolate agrees with me
Little Caesars is so fucking gross I
know I think that people are of another
sleepy no Little Caesars but let me tell
you something little Caesars is these
fucking bomb.com I could live off of
their pizza of course we need to mix it
up a little bit in maybe because do some
hot wings over all the toppings if they
have it I really like bones in mines
again I'm not really a fan of that
that's one of the reasons my honest to
god I'll get you like chicken strips
because I'm like clucking through bun
you know I mean but like my mom will
literally like when she's eating hot
wings she'll be like she'll put the
boner off it it comes out like my
grandfather yes you get the honest you
get from him but she can live it like
and it's just about show you the grethel
everything I don't that's how Lauren s
is a day goes into dick comes out
nothing mmm five dollars hot ready huh
where'd you get all these gift cards
it was his birthday like limousines it's
like girl here you go
look Danny Pelosi did you need to look
me up bitch
I'm giving you so much promotion the
meal is delicious drew I'm not going hey
bitch $5 for large Peter can't be bad
good mysterious his flies though oh no
the back she's okay I wasn't gonna know
where you let's get it on all of it oh I
don't know
Oh God more hi this is although wait all
they do it's fine let me do is fight
fighting back and forth think they're
gonna get married one day get married
move in together they fight so much of
the walls gonna break I turned over and
you're talking shit about Lady gaga
wait we can here we go Lord shut down so
much has changed since the last vlog are
we allowed to tell them why we're
dancing right now
where are we well because we have to get
I have to get my dance moves ready oh
you mean like you feel like warm-up get
warmed up for an event that's coming
this summer on the daily logs oh we
haven't talked about it they don't know
you like didn't think about did you ever
personally I never of course I didn't
post it I know about you nobody said
anything
let me tell me well guys what do you
think happened well let's do it again
wait a minute slow-mo of that Oh some
idiot Oh some idiot or postal Arnaz she
she said yes I'm out I'm so sorry
Oh Oh God so now this next month of
daily vlogs is gonna be all about long -
what she won't shut the fuck up about
like not even like every time I'm like
oh you know what sounds good right now
my cake she'll be like speaking of cake
you know what Shane loves it work now
talking about him yeah terrible he loves
that I'm sorry what ah sorry so just
want to let you guys know that is a big
development that's happened in the last
since the last vlog yes um and also
she's pregnant
nope yes there is vodka she's free she's
pregnant and she is just getting off of
drugs good job Laurence man
don't work okay give me try my skinny
like so not long enough I am so skinny
okay me okay on that note see you guys
in a minute
mistletoe and candy cane right yes swing
with mistletoe and candy canes mistletoe
and candy canes is mistletoes singular
it's singular it is with mistletoes toe
toe with mistletoe in candy canes good
job puppies puppies puppies puppies
motherfucking puppies hey guys so we are
back at my house puppies and we are
tired this has been a long day
cilantro monkey I don't say anymore um
I'm very excited because we did the
Christmas song today and hopefully it'll
be done soon and my music videos coming
out to Saturday Oh whistle the lights
working what's going on
it's God telling me I need to stop
recording my life we got the music video
coming out this Saturday that I'm
excited about it's the rap song what
else do we got
it's been a good week I'm very very
excited I hope you guys are excited
about life to make sense I hold my shirt
that makes sense around no it doesn't
what are we talking about I don't know
all right you guys question of the day
speaking of Christmas um what is the one
thing you want for Christmas this year
what's something that you always wanted
I just want to make a movie I mean and
I'm starting working on it right now but
like I just want to make one I want to
have a movie finished for you
motherfuckers and I want it to be good
and want to be fun and scary and great
and um that's what I want so leave your
comments let me know I hope you guys
have fun hang on me I have fun hang with
you and I will see you tomorrow
it's like if I were God it's like
somebody showing me the Bible and I'm
like wrote it
