oh you're bored as fuck well you're in
luck okay so she looked over me when
we're driving she's like okay you have a
long long long long long nose here you
might want to pick it out and I'm like
okay and then I go and I just pick it
out and then I look literally the root
of this nose here it's thicker than bone
like me this is so gross if you guys can
cross that easily don't look okay first
of all the hair is red which is so cute
your nose
leave a comment and whoever's comment is
the funniest gets this nose hair oh no
no that's not how it's gonna work I feel
like some sick motherfucker out there
would buy this I'm gonna put it on even
it's so look what's gross is that I'm
holding it you're barfing over there
well I'm holding what's gross yeah that
is what's gross why are you holding it
well I'm so we are here in front of this
random building because I am going to be
on an episode of youtubers react which
is a new series that the fine brothers
are doing they do kids reacting direct
old people react so I'm doing youtubers
react and hopefully I don't say anything
really really offensive hopefully I do
and I hope that you never ever touch one
of my nose hairs again I'm not letting
go
does this wall look familiar does this
wall look familiar
well it should because it used to be my
walls and now they took these walls and
put them in a different building how is
that awesome I don't know magic of paint
why are you on your knees well I'm right
you're a chair typically I get out my
keys if I'm anywhere near you know I
thought this was youtubers react I
didn't know this was like well it's
youtubers react to I can't even say -
you've been blowing me that'll be on my
channel oh wow there's a sticker mean a
sticker it's official when we make a
sticker wait can I get one out I get one
away is that the only sticker
okay the question is a question today
will be what city what what shit huh I
don't know what's ready a video what
video would you want some of the most
popular youtubers to react to yeah so
what video is it a viral video is there
a music video you guys want us to react
to and the winner will get a fucking
sticker so I just did youtubers react to
me show me some viral videos and I come
across as a biggest asshole ever not
always not for all of them for pretty
much everything as ever do you just it's
almost like you know too much you know
too much about YouTube well yeah it's
like you're sitting it's like if I were
God it's like somebody showing me the
Bible and I'm like wrote it all this
type of no like it's weird like and now
I feel this so hopefully when I come
into coming at dinner hopefully by the
end of November or the beginning of
December okay well hopefully when it
comes out you guys can leave comments
saying that Wow we love Shane even
though he looks like an asshole he's not
an asshole trust me trust me he's really
funny go check out his channel
speaking of which shaycarl
another youtuber thought this was his
phone so he took a picture of himself
here it is
there you go and I'm pretty sure he
tweeted that from my tutor can't leave
your photo oh especially about youtubers
such a sound instagramming like oh god
that's terrible this vlog footage of his
family oh okay it wouldn't be a hanging
with Shane unless we were at Target I
think over the course of last year or
this year all the hanging with Shane's
probably about half event took place it
at Target I look green why do I look
green I'm a ninja turtle oh my god magic
is happening at Target every time I come
here
you know it's a typical family day
getting some toilet paper my favorite
place in the whole target is the little
kid costume section
nope I just love children costumes
because I love to picture little kids
dressed up as ice cream cones they're so
edible and I'm gonna remember what's
your favorite kid costume yeah choo choo
right I like this one cuz you could just
throw them around the floor and clean up
all the dirt that's my mating call see
you later oh the Christmas shit is
already here you know it's a little soon
no it's never too soon for a pink
flamingo so right now we're shopping for
a kid for his birthday and I want to try
everything on myself look at the little
head it's a movie a coon boy oh my god
so you want to borrow in your trash
I say everything I'm saying you're not a
fortune are you saying I'm fucked
totally you see end of the night and
we're gonna watch some Walking Dead
while we lay in over Jerez until we pass
out yeah
yeah it's not how the song goes another
night
yeah no that's you don't even know what
it was yeah even noticing mm-hmm Sunday
nights huh
no what Lady gaga oh it's really song
make him out song no I know but I was
improv anyways we're about to watch
Walking Dead and then go to sleep
hopefully you guys have had fun these
last few days I'm getting the hang of
daily vlogs I'm doing it I think I've
having fun
are you guys having fun are you having
fun the best time ever it's Sunday night
and she's Pinker here now like Avril
Lavigne pink guys I'm so hip when I told
her I'm Michael why you look like my
email character she's like it's rock and
roll it is no one's email anymore really
yeah that's over with make us 16 now or
rocker chic he's just stinky sheep no
okay well I guess I'll take my stinky
chic ass to them some of you guys have
you had fun hanging with us we have fun
with you and we will see you tomorrow
don't watch me a good day we're doing
the Christmas song so we're gonna be in
a recording studio at the singing lesson
there's gonna be some black people at
some point the vlog sorry there wasn't
any today you're kind of like totally
you have a clip in extension um do it
goodbye and put it down into your legs
in advance yeah all right I'll see you
guys later bye
you're in my bow
this is what anime was I would jerk off
to it
