oh are you bored as fuck hanging with
Jane terrified guys its back its back I
haven't done daily marking so long I
don't even know how to do it how do I do
this what do I do you talking to people
like a black heavy what's up okay that's
that's black shot hold up you're like
hey what's up you guys yes so today
we're gonna go in is not how I talk
this is not how I talk you know what
fuck you you are you are the weakest
link you're eliminated by daily vlogs we
sent you home so we're very excited
because it is the first day daily vlogs
and it's also quite ears birthday ok the
cake right now has nipples all over it
she saw this and immediately thought of
me I mean when I see breasts I'm like
what right
you just scared all the dogs and bursted
my eardrum speaking of the first day of
a new day we have a new member of the
family
it's Gary the fish and chocolate can't
wait to fucking eat he was literally
like I did
don't you wish that what happened to you
just in a pet store and then somebody's
like well so Gary's gonna be here yes
and I can't wait to see what his
personality is like because right now he
seems pretty fucking useless from one
cake to another we just do the
Sisterhood of the Traveling cakes
tonight we are here at PF Changs
you can tell it's PF Changs so there's a
bunch of Asian people all over the walls
and smoke like diarrhea because of me so
you know this is a Chinese restaurant
does my stomach it's like down my neck
um so how is the second cake oh you
wanna know what I think it's amazing it
tastes delicious
speaking of which that reminds me of
what we were taught my earlier which was
pussy thank you
no we had a long long long discussion
debate about pussy and why some people
like it some people don't
right you described it as a pee Nene
well you better look at my fat and split
open
I want to look like while they're
debating vaginas for another two hours
I'm gonna do my fortune let's see a
fortune
remember one month from this date for
good things to come
oh that's specific so in one month
something really good it's kind of it's
always today November first okay maybe
by the time that date comes around our
discussion of vaginas will be done nope
it's still gonna be gone okay so we're
back at the house Shana had to go home
cuz she was too tired and me and Cator
sitting here while claudia was taking a
huge shit so we decided since he's a big
scaredy-cat we should put on masks scare
the fucking shit out of him well he's
already shit so we're gonna scare that
then nothing out of him well that was
really dark seer I couldn't put my flash
on though because and you would have
seen it are you wearing devil for well
the devil horns aren't really that scary
they go well you look like a weird
mythical creature from like Narnia
yeah cuz you guys prefer and then you
got the horns yeah I think it's actually
kind of cute yeah take us to a different
world come to Narnia oh girl you sure
okay it just looks like a bunch of
litter boxes there's the portal the
portal so we are sitting here and I just
went over my secret what's his name is
secret I feel like I've told you guys
about Noah's fucking no no's fucking is
something I've done forever but
basically you take a sharp pointy edge
which could be my key you put it in your
nose you play around a little bit go for
play a little bit of nervousness a
little laughter and then you sneeze come
so yeah don't try this at home unless
you're not an idiot and you want to have
some fun with your nose you gotta
breathe in a little bit tickle it oh
fuck
do you see my eyes watering I see that
freak uh I need a cuddle
I love you guys oh you guys this turd
wall kids have fun fucking your nose
leave me a video response of you know
it's fucking pleased no no don't wait
can I get trouble for this
I might get trouble for this viewer
disclaimer don't do it but if you do
it's gonna Wow hey what's up you guys it
is the end of the night and I just
rushed upstairs to take a poop because
everybody's downstairs but I have a
thing about pooping in public I like to
do it but I don't like to do it on
people's birthdays and it's quite here's
birthday so I'm gonna hold back so I
hope you guys had fun this is my first
hang would shame back I feel like it was
a good one I feel like I'm getting back
in
tomorrow will be even better so I hope
you guys had fun hanging with me I'd
funny with you
oh I haven't said that a long time okay
so see you guys tomorrow
I love you angel and a devil all in wine
hey what gave you the inspiration for
this outfit well
