there's nothing scarier than a gay
purple skeleton hanging from my ceiling
must mean it's Halloween hey guys we are
here my mom make a quad year and we're
decorating cookies and my mom just
noticed my beautiful animal
my mom just noticed my beautiful penis
and my beautiful mouth it doesn't look
realistic yeah
you wouldn't know that's right I guess
so we are here getting ready uh pretty
soon I think Shauna and Lisa and a
couple other people gonna be here and
then we might go over to Blair's house
she's having a little Halloween party so
how is this your first Halloween use'
well it's not my first but it's like
doing it trying to really do it yeah cuz
I was raised in Islam so I never really
got to do Halloween uh what did they do
instead nothing
Oh Halloween to me is really just
sitting around and eating food and
throwing my candy to the kids because I
can't legally be within 50 feet of them
so I just started BlueCross here it's
Karen
what are you for Halloween uh a gated
with the duck I know I'm a Frisco guy so
Jerry got a dog what's the dog's name
Harper house from Wizards of Waverly
Place
exactly Oh Oh Jared all right yeah you
gotta be riveted oh my god I want my dog
back and forth hi like a little little
away come on man we did we've had oh we
know hood now we've hood emo dog oh she
does have like teardrops
I hate my life oh you scared me I'm
literally watching time so we're waiting
for kids to come trick-or-treating and I
put on a little mask about that light
like I want to be like real like
approachable you know what I mean like I
want people to be like oh I want to come
you can debunk right oh I got this man
whoo mysterious mysterious even more
mystery
come on kids where are you I don't bite
hard
ha ha ha ha seriously girl I don't bite
you know I just go by a lick haha this
is silly
come on nobody's coming oh wow
all right guys it's happening we're 12
years old very excited
spider-man's Badham what's your
spider-man pose woohoo ok that was like
a diva pose that was like Whitney utter
heyday ha ha ha
soon crack out of your arms ok Oh too
soon too sure that women would love you
girl I'm spongebob uh-oh
magic um I like this I like this cuz
it's big and roomy so I'm gonna eat a
lot and I'm not gonna feel fat look who
just got here it's an angel and a devil
all in one hey what gave you the
inspiration for this outfit well it's
got poverty really oh yeah
cuz what happened was I bought this
package the hair ademma an angel costume
in one huh so then I put on the angel
cuz I was like you know I'm gonna be
good for Halloween yeah don't be bad Dan
I split some makeup on that white dress
so I was like oh shit I got time to wash
it out somewhere to readdress see but
that was like the world telling you girl
know be a demon be a demon exactly and
then I put on the horns and I said I'm
shit they kept falling off my head
cuz like you know what Jesus trying to
tell me to think angelic yeah yeah but
yeah dirty share with your body never
don't do it mama it's been a while since
you've had a little devil inside you
don't say oh wow baby that was the
beginning of time so long I can't even
Adam you knew him I was used whoa I
believe oh it was good oh fuck with that
Apple oh no don't fuck oh fuck with
there boy y'all but my demonic side
ain't winning ooh
oh no oh it just looks like a big bad
weave
you know Sam and I've had a man we even
love Jews I didn't want to hate with
like cycles to me it looks like
something Gabourey Sidibe would like do
with the Oscars I saw her wearing this
on Chelsea late
great over India no no no no none and on
a Hit Girl
where's the purple wig Shawna's wig is
all messed up and she still has its own
is we're mashing oh is that from the
Nickelodeon show don't hit girls
look at Amy she dressed up nobody else
did ha ha ha no but you look good oh you
look great
I'm what are you supposed to be black
widow from yes there's not an x-men vibe
this is my revenge because when I was in
kindergarten my mom got it a day off and
I showed up at my kindergarten class
like dressed up as a ninja and I and I
literally went in the room everyone's
playing pho then I went in my room and
I'm with ninja hospitai it's so tight
that my mom like it took me like 45
minutes to get out of it oh so Mary I
better ninja skills everybody will do
like that that suit is making you feisty
what is going on over here
there's like some kind of serious gay
sing-off I'm not fuckin 5 it that's fine
I get it have that a girl a girl get a
chick hey go get a chicken hey Edgar
Edgar dumped dead and II get it in this
house get that NSF DA put any new butt
in your boobies any a mouth I mean your
mouth I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh I got carried away guy carried away
oh yeah yeah can wecan where's good shit
yeah it's Halloween be real spooky with
it
ooh ooh oh that was spooky as fuck
no no no don't choke don't die don't die
although it's Halloween dot dot ha ha
you'll come back as a zombie
that's not worked right you kill
yourself you come back right right no
boo did that scare you no what about
this ogre you been at where you been at
No ok we put on the glasses
now he's supposed to be Peter Parker in
disguise but it's more like Harry Potter
it's it woody what was the word that you
use it's aa what an infusion a hybrid a
hybrid of Harry Potter and spider-man if
I had a hairy man very spider Potter
oh no no hair man hairy man hairy man
sounds like just hairy man like I'm a
hairy man yeah I already got that hate
something else I know so our Halloween
was fun we we did a bunch of random shit
we had a bunch of random shit we went to
a random a random party name or random
shit and now we're back I'm gonna go oh
by the way daily vlogs are coming back
starting Monday so get ready I'm
terrified I don't know how to do these I
haven't done them in a while
how should I do these he's like yo and
bonus but because you're in luck you're
doing them everyday
you just like alright alright Oh every
day every day
oh damn my bad sorry I didn't fuck up
the flow but I'm just saying I mean your
life is really interesting so it should
be hard
except maybe walk out the door in bun ha
ha ha
buh buh buh thanks I'm speaking of which
this is super random but I'm very very
excited I don't
every show ja rak ed them about your
nigga oh yeah my neck even though I well
I think it'll be up I think quite here
did a Nicki Minaj spoof where he played
her and literally looked and sounded
just like her so give me your best can
you do a little just like do that oh I'm
mrs. Emily I'm a dutiful one when a man
mrs. Otis he's a boss what's that like a
woman has a started she's a bitch well
check it out it's on his channel check
out Shauna's new video where she killed
herself
check out the Kate's new video where she
draws something I so bet well the shadow
all right you guys we're gonna go hope
you had fun we're playing with you
