a ball for the calm a ball for the cup a
bowl full of calm and some blood on the
side here some guys we are here at a
Mexican restaurant about to start scary
night we okay
we have quite here we have a dead animal
on his head that's right and we have the
worst french fries I've ever had but
what you do is you take up for all good
without each other if you take the fry
get them to catch up in the shutter a
couple of with the chips a texture so
soggy not to shoot just Xavier yeah your
thought that is the grossest thing and
look at this place that's the grossest
thing I've seen it here and that's
saying a lot because that is a dead
stuffed parrot hanging from the ceiling
so tonight we are on our way to go to
Knott's Scary Farm which is kind of like
there's haunted houses and stuff and
there's roller coasters he's never been
we've been we've been like every single
year I was a little apprehensive because
apparently people have lost their heads
literally I'm good it's called Ghost
Rider
wait a minute goes right in the room
it's a roller coaster and then some
Asian guy was like little pinches and
then a piece of wood fell right to his
fucking home so hopefully none of us
died we had to take a pit stop at ride a
to get animal hats okay what is that
cave this is a Snow Leopard
grandma pussy what's that oh baby that
what is it oh this is a ram honey she's
given me every bit of um Chronicles of
Narnia Chronicles a minute
but let's just came in with this yeah it
was not that far off
yeah wait so what is this giving you she
what is she starving her she's just
giving me girl motherfucking skinned
koala girl okay short girl abrupt he was
just gonna drop Indian girl she thought
the ride was gonna be longer and she
gagged long as she's a gag girl it's a
girl we're taking you go we're gonna
it's gonna be so much fun
no I can't well that makes me really
want to buy this ah we are stuck in this
traffic and we've been here for like an
hour and we just want to get into not
scary foreign people we just want to be
scared right true it's true almost as
scary is the fact that you just pulled a
lollipop out of
nowhere I sure did that's why well my
jeans are skin tight so I literally
spent like five minutes trying to like
maneuver and get this lollipop because
I'm a sucker for the sweets our
conversation so far in this car has gone
to the depths of talking about thick my
penises true in it
hahahaha his mouth is gaping open that's
how we measure it's like I was like well
it's probably like Oh JA please we need
to play that game like celebrity phase
we already thought Taylor Swift today we
thought honey boo boo child I knew
chocolate we thought Jen mama June what
that should be the question of the day
guys what celebrity would you like to
see if you were just out and about what
celebrity would you guys not like to see
what would you pick Shane Kevin Jonas
his wife oh damn that's a good one yeah
she looks like hailey duh I put the bad
nose job I benchley more like a frog all
right I hacked up nose job
okay that was me that's not hack but it
is pretty bad haha I mean it's not like
Kevin Jonas is you know what Kevin Jonas
is gay that's the first thing it get it
been it getting in Mama June I mean I
well on that note we'll see you guys it
got scared far
alright we're finally here and I'm very
excited Kate is not very excited at all
because we're about to do that ride so
fucking tall that is
they take you all the way up and then
they drop yo ass all the way down
alright let's see how it goes okay guys
we are going up
oh my god this is hi oh my god
oh they're back at me stomach Oh first
drop with the work okay the first wrap
is a deep-ass whoo we survived guys you
survived off today we're good
I've never got kids again again lovely
as we were coming down I was screaming
in my stomach went so far into my lungs
that I was like oh how precious does it
ever I was looking for some hoochie
tie-dye booty shorts I came to the right
place
so we are here in the gift shop at
Knott's Berry Farm and I saw this pillow
and it's a laughing penis no this is a
kid's place so I don't understand why
this is here but I kind of understand
why this is here and I kinda want to buy
it you know when I don't know if I buy
it because actually if you look closely
she's giving me penis realness with the
wart ha ha ha so I don't know if I would
have send that message to whoever's in
my bedroom don't know if I want that
ok guys I'm so excited I just ran into a
bunch of people that watch my videos and
here's what they have to say
you have the same Bucky yeah I'll take
it okay ah it's the end of the night I
am fucking tired it is 3 a.m. I'm ready
to go to sleep and have wonderful
terrifying nightmares of all the creepy
greasy disgusting people that I bumped
into and not scary for half of them I
was bumping into it I was like well and
they weren't even supposed to be scary
that's one of these things about these
theme parks during all the Halloween
things because it's like it really makes
you realize wow
sometimes normal people can be just as
scary as monsters although I did have a
couple people see me and go so I guess
I'm one of them all right you guys I
love you before I go check out my two
friends and you hang out with tonight my
dear and Kate check out their channels
kwadir does really really fucking funny
videos just talking shit about stuff and
Kate does really cool art videos so
check those out and I'm going to go to
sleep
hopefully not right now while I'm
driving haha
okay wow I almost really crashed hello
guys
hmm
