ah hey what's up you guys so today I
want to talk about something a little
more serious so if you're not into that
click off if you are into that stay here
cry with me listen to inspirational
Sarah McLachlan music we can all lame
each others arms and whisper sweet
nothings of sadness or not um so today I
want to talk about cutting not funny but
the way I said that was was fine okay so
in one of my last video is my Halloween
video there was a joke where the girl
was carving Harry Styles into her arm
and and everybody went up crazy because
they're like hoping for the cutting and
I'm not because basically if I was she'd
be crying to be cutting where she was
excited and she was carving giving
herself a homemade fucking tattoo of
Harry Styles in her arm and I've done
that joke before I did it with one of my
Lady Gaga spoofs were a gay guy
carpeting dog on his arm I'm done in a
million times nobody ever got mad but
people got mad a couple weeks ago when I
posted that so I want to talk more about
it because I don't want you guys to
think I'm some insensitive jerk um
I deal with things in a way that a lot
of people don't understand I am somebody
though hugs who was that ooh it's a
random number telling me hey girl hey oh
never mind it's my mom yeah she says hey
girl hey um this explains so much so
wasn't her month okay Connie so I deal
with things with comedy I as some of you
guys might know and some of you don't I
dealt with depression a lot these last
four years I well before I started
youtube I lost obviously you guys aren't
know
pounds and I was dealing with that and
losing that much weight that fast fucks
with your head
enormous Lee and I was a mess and I was
depressed and I was anxious and I also
had well okay I was going to talk about
this but I'm going to talk about it fuck
it I'm gonna talk about everything today
I was borderline suicidal because I had
15 pounds of extra skin on my body and
it was just hanging and I was covering
it up and I was wearing man girdles and
I was that's when I started making
YouTube videos because I was trying to
you know focus my attention on something
else and then there would be comments
that are saying you know you look fat
you look fat you look fat because you
know that's what the internet is and it
drove my depression really really really
bad so um eventually I saved up some
money and I got the surgery to get the
skin taken off and you guys probably
remember that if you've been watching me
for a while I didn't really talk about
what the surgery was it was a skin
removal surgery they took a 15 pounds of
skin and they also had to fix up a bunch
of things inside of my body because
losing weight that fast fuck me up so
that happened um that's why I have scars
there so that happened also um Wow Kim
Levi I'm talking about all this well why
not let's get wasted and discuss um so
then my grandma died and I got two
really bad depression but I didn't have
time that here's a deal because this is
going to sound crazy but YouTube to me
has been a way to get away from my
problems but it also is keeping me from
dealing with my problems so like every
time I'm depressed instead of dealing
with it I make video every time I should
probably go to church or pray or cry or
one of those things I make a video and
I'm trying to not do that lately that's
why I might have missed a couple videos
in the last year because I'm missing
videos that means I'm
and me done and I'm trying to deal with
my fucking shi'ite so yeah I may not be
a cutter oh yeah I mean I have tried to
kill myself and yeah I may not you know
look like a depressed person but I have
dealt with it for a long time so when
people were getting mad at me saying oh
god you don't care about us you don't
care about depression you don't care
about cutting it's like well no I I do
obviously I deal with the first hand but
the way I deal with it is by making
jokes about it I make jokes about eating
disorders I make jokes about white
people black people fat people skinny
people depressed people not depressed
people I make jokes about everybody
because that's kind of you know if you
can't laugh at yourself and what the
fuck is the point of living that's the
way I look at it but I am sorry if I
heard some of your guys's feelings
because in all honesty when I made it I
didn't even think about it I was like
nobody's going to get mad at this it's
funny so when people got mad I was like
woo so on so that's that and then you
know as far as you guys asking me how
like sometimes you guys say oh how
should I deal with my depression you
know my old answer used to be Oh find
something creative and just start doing
that but there has to be something else
because you know sometimes if you ignore
it it gets worse like it did for me so
in all honesty you got to take some time
for yourself
and you got to really think about it and
you really got to plan out what you're
going to do next and like for me I got
depressed because I have had a lot of
ups and downs with my career and you
guys haven't really seen it but in
Hollywood I've had a lot of like really
close calls with getting a TV show or
really close calls with getting a movie
and it always falls off and it always
never happens and that can really fuck
you up you know really fuck me up so
I've been dealing with that this last
year and now I'm trying to focus my
energy toward the future I want to
direct my own movie next year I want to
have my own TV show next year I don't to
answer to anybody I want to do my thing
and that's what's been helping me get
through just sitting and being depressed
focusing on the future so let me know we
may comment or video response even
better telling me
what's going on with you are you dealing
with depression how do you deal with it
what's your go-to thing do you eat do
you cry do you watch TV do you watch
YouTube and also what do you want to do
about it do you want to get rid of it
because I do all right you guys I'm
gonna go my voice is going away I mean
what's happening um sorry this was
probably boring for some of you guys who
aren't depressed and you're very happy
and you're like this is not funny um I'm
sorry huh I'll make a funny video
tomorrow I promise I love you guys
thanks for sharing thanks for loving me
and I love you so much and I'm never
going to stop making videos and even if
I get really really depressed I'm not
going to go away and I know a lot of you
guys are like go away but I'm not I'm
not gonna cry cuz that's embarrassing
okay let's cry
