front door open backdoor open window
open garage door open wait a minute
all the doors in the house are opening
but I'm the only person here I should
definitely go investigate this and not
bring a weapon first let me make sure I
turn off the lights there we go okay
just a second let me Skype with my
friends so he can watch me die this guy
okay you there okay you're watching you
die okay perfect now don't do anything
don't call the cops or anything cuz that
would be a stupid idea
let's go investigate this ghost oh my
god it's killing me I'm so surprised why
didn't I see this coming I swear to God
I'm so mad right now that is the entire
movie of paranormal activity for and my
version was way smarter first of all yes
I'm aware I look crazy and I haven't
showered in a couple days and I'm
wearing a ninja turtle shirt so I
probably have no right to judge anything
but I'm gonna judge this movie pretty
harshly I have never been so angry at a
movie in my entire life everybody on
Twitter is like oh my god live the
scariest movie I have ever seen you'd
like if you're constipated you can go
see this movie because you're gonna show
your battle no I did not shit my pants I
wish I would have shit my pants cuz I'm
at least something in the movie theater
would have been exciting oh my god Shane
you can't be judging a movie you've
never made a movie like who do you think
you are Roger Ebert no I've never made a
movie and no I don't think I'm Roger
Ebert that doesn't mean I can't judge a
movie that I paid like twenty-five
dollars to see twenty-five dollars and I
had to sit behind a woman who had a
to-go box of Indian food thank God
though I mean at least the smell of her
food burned my nose and kept me awake
from the second this movie started I was
angry it started with kids playing
soccer and I felt really uncomfortable
during that watching a bunch of little
kids run around with loose-fitting
shorts and they're all roughhousing and
playing with each other and we're at
like a faraway distance some kind of
like child molester camera that got
zooming into the little boy like it was
very uncomfortable for me for a lot of
reasons reasons scarier than this movie
and then we get to this hole here's this
perfect little blonde girl with a
perfect
family and the perfect little house and
they're perfect next-door neighbor who
just comes over and it's like hey guys
and cracks open a Diet Pepsi he's like
I'm just sewing in the place I felt like
I was watching a terrible YouTube video
on the big screen making imagine
watching this on the big screen no you
wouldn't pay 25 dollars for this you're
not even paying for this why you even
watching this I don't like no and then
all the ghost stuff happens and then I'm
not gonna give any spoilers away here
actually I said well I'll spoil it it
sucks but back to the movie they brought
back the woman from the first paranormal
activity
who's fucking terrible and she was
fucking terrible in the first movie and
I thought they killed her off and I'm
like okay you know what they probably
know she's terrible they were like thank
God we killed that bitch off and then
they bring her back in this movie and
they give her a big part she's just
walking around going hunter hunter come
han hunter come han hunter come over
here hunter putting h's in words that
don't have fucking ages in them and then
all the scary parts of the movie are
like cats popping out of random
locations or computer screens and
glitching or a girl like going like this
like that's not scary I mean that was
scary what I just did and I'm sorry but
in a movie that's not fucking scary I
would rather watch a fucking Kardashian
marathon than watch this movie again I
would rather watch the last season of
Anna Nicole Smith reality show then
watch this movie again and that last
season was it was rough I mean rest in
peace but it was rough so question of
the day did you guys see paranormal
activity for what did you think am I
alone here am I the only person who
thought it was terrible because you know
what no I'm not because the whole
theater booed at the end they were all
booing a side note I did see one of the
members of True Jackson in the movie he
played the best friend and that excited
me I love True Jackson so that's a good
show so I'm glad for him congratulations
but that was a fucking terrible movie
you know it though
they succeeded because I came right home
turn my camera on and I made an entire
blog about their movie they fucking won
fuck you Paranormal Activity fuck you
ladies and gentlemen One Direction
