you know the pool bikinis yeah you guys
I'm just sitting up here watching all
these people swimming around in a
swimming pool looking all sexy it's
mostly children are you surprised
nope so I'm here at a fucking some kind
of a convention Digital something and
it's a convention all about people
working in a digital space which I guess
is just a fancy way to say internet so
they asked Lauren to have to speak on a
panel talking about women which I'm
surprised she's a man to me
and how they work in digital
entertainment so she was basically on
stage talking shit about me the whole
time it was amazing and then they showed
a clip of my shanaynay Christmas special
and nobody in the audience understood it
they were like wait is this a woman is
this a man is this funny is she black
who knows
soon I'm standing outside waiting for
Lauren she's smooth it was snoozing with
all these people who think she's
important and then you know what right
when she walks back out here reality
bitch-slap you're not important Lauren
you are nobody
all right I'm inside this is the
conference it just ended there's Lauren
I mean just signing autographs I mean
just living the dream everybody look at
her fake talking
she's not oh here she is
wow so different online should be you're
acting like you're important right now
so how do you think a winner I think
let's show a clip well that clip didn't
really show much but I look at you
you're on a panel
because so the question of the day
should be do you guys have a question
for Lauren she'll answer anything if it
went terribly
you know but Lauren had her own space
jump she jumped from the moon she landed
on earth
she only busted one knee and I'm very
proud of it I love Lori and I hope you
guys do too and when I do daily vlogs in
November you're gonna get seen a lot
more of her sorry
hey Lily
I have a secret huh what is it Miley
