smiley something's been awakened like
something's been born stop trying to
find out what it is you're bringing it
to us
oh it's beginning to look a lot like
hanging chain driving in his car and
he's vlogging at the same time it's
really fucking dangerous he's probably
gonna kill someone
hey guys whoo that last note was rough
but you know what it's 7:00 a.m. I'm not
Mariah Carey yet I'm Nicki Minaj dah dah
God
so I decided today to do a old-school
hang with Shane because I kind of want
to film the entire day because there's a
lot going on and I'm really excited and
I want to bring you guys along so today
is the premiere of smiley so right now I
am on my way to my house because I'm
gonna be interviewed by the fucking
Today Show about smiley how did this
happen
I don't know as you can see I have my
suit crumpled up next to me on my seat
plastic but I feel like this year things
are kind of going good and I feel like
I'm so thankful to you guys for sticking
around with me the ones that have stuck
with me thank you
which is why this November is the month
of things so I figured why not do blogs
every day in November hanging with Shane
Thanksgiving edition now if you guys
want to see that if you want me to do
that leave me a comment letting me know
if you don't want me to do that you just
want short iPhone vlogs I totally
understand
leave me a comment let me know there's a
statue over there of a boy holding a
huge penis just one of the many
pleasures of hanging with shade today
show is here I just did my interview I
totally forgot to film it was I was so
fucking nervous
so they're gonna be interviewing totally
sketch right there
hopefully asking him all the really deep
questions about his life hopefully
bringing me are you ready to talk about
your sex tape you're not hope you're not
whole Cogan that's what I need that's
what we need how about your sex tape mom
you were in him
lights camera Lauren oh my god you can't
even tell you're pregnant that
she had somebody tell her the other day
somebody was like oh it's all about this
looks good
are you thinking of a long bed the
bottom half of somebody 65 right well
shall we show everybody mine Rick he did
this he married a woman yeah I mean I'm
just saying any chance so we're on our
way that the smilin premiere I'm very
excited we gotta go you guys we got to
go hey my mom kwadir everybody's are
pretty better
that's totally Scouts on a huge fuckin
screen that's a bunch of random people
this is me in a suit and that's my mom
looking beautiful Lisa's dad Toby I'm so
excited everybody's here Laurens back
there in her jumpsuit and we're this
mile from here and I'm shaking I'm so
nervous
I thought URI I'm so nervous what's
gonna happen perfect I'll blame it on
the scariness at the movie and look if
there's like a red carpet situation
there's a little kid looking at me
what's up baby how you doing yeah get it
right in there yes nervous better than I
will
look at that I'd fuck that yes so is she
yeah red carpet red carpet smiley people
with cameras there's a big camera here's
a microphone this is terrifying this is
amazing look at this you guys this is
like legit legit is we got a storm he's
talking we got the producer of the movie
over there and he said we got serious
give my diaper permission in my family
she the woman that owned the Gangnam
style with me I was really out of breath
and then I realize that you're whoa
she's already wasted it's been five
minute everybody sure so I just sneeze
here I'm so excited there's like all
these random people here and I was like
excited to see them and then I saw you
and like my heart stopped I got you make
me nervous
they're kind of like you're like you're
like like you like if you're like the
sensation not any like a good way not
like a you know like a sensation like a
burning no like you're you're like
you're everything you are YouTube you
are the Internet I don't know I'll just
putting my hand up to touch you okay so
are you it looks like you a little bit I
mean no like if you replace that with
the beautiful face you know what I mean
everybody
and then we're gonna come out she's
gonna be shooting her pooping your pants
oh wait this is my channel I get funny
shit
shitting her feet hands go check out her
channel to see the blog where I say
pooping censorship the movies over and
the biggest critic in the whole world my
mom well they're gonna go to Disneyland
and I'm gonna go bomb in the bath
yeah I get it you get it
one
it's getting I'll save the last dance up
and yeah
well it's the end of the night and this
guy made a movie I'm so proud of you
you're in the movie I'm in the movie
listening guys the movie should be out
right now I think I'm putting this up on
Friday
and I hope you guys see it because in
all honesty I'm getting emotional I'm
very proud of you Michael I'm getting
emotional proud of you and I think and
everybody clapped and everybody loved it
and you're the first youtuber to
actually make question of the day what
youtubers should make a movie next all
right you guys I will see you guys soon
and I can't wait for you guys to see
this movie and go support it and another
bye everybody bye pretty shame do your
impression to keep David and smiley
smiley smiley smiley smiley smiley
smiley da da da it's been awakened like
something's been born you're bringing it
to us
