hey guys my name is s3 welcome back to
you once it's up fun so I'll turn
through the time when you're a kid where
all you can think about is how awesome
would be to be all grown up and finally
get to do all those things your parents
told you you're too young for stay up
late eating nothing but marshmallows and
drinking Mountain Dew watch r-rated
movies without your parents telling you
you're grounded for two weeks look at
immaculate picture at the paintings
without having to clear your search
history of your parents computer most of
all play aberrated video games or you
get a slice bitches heads off with
samurai swords to your heart's content
because if you're not bringing once
anything like mine which is probably
wasn't but mom literally forbid me from
playing video games because she was
afraid that was going to become a
murderer good thing she's wrong right so
that's Fork but sometimes politicians
and companies banned video games with
the exact same reasons and other times
for completely stupid reasons that dead
for days on top five we count down the
top 5
banned video games of all time also
before we get into this there will be
some graphic imagery as we're going
along on this list so if that kind of
stuff bothers you you've been warned
number one Custer's revenge so start off
the first game on this list was made in
1982 for the Atari 2600 game system and
if you're not familiar with the Atari
was basically the first video game
system ever and as you can imagine it
has some of the most riveting realistic
looking games imaginable so how did the
Atari in all of its graphic glory pull
off a game that was not only graphic but
also contains sexual assault and racism
on the game you play at General Custer
who has it pants down the entire game
with a visible pixelated erection
dodging arrows shot by Native Americans
also you can reach a Native American
woman tied to a pole and sexually
assault her oh okay
totally like how fucked up is that well
it's already ended up eating suing the
company mystique who made the game as a
response mystique just claimed that the
Native American woman tied to the pole
was a willing participant in the sack
then the suit was dropped in the end a
game was only banned in Oklahoma City
and its notoriety only made it more
popular selling 80,000 copies which why
you know like why number 2 the grand
theft auto games so the grand theft auto
games have always been
at the center of controversy since the
release of grand theft auto by City in
2002 a game series where the main goal
of the game is to steal murder and
otherwise commit crimes is obviously
going to ruffle some feathers but what
did I tell the release of grand theft
auto san andreas that the game started
getting banned I'm in a game there was a
pre-installed mod that allowed players
access to a minigame where you full-on
have sex with the characters in-game
girlfriend this resulted in the ESRB
conducting an investigation which
ultimately led to the game's rating
being changed from it and to AO or
adults only 18 Plus which then resulted
in the game getting banned in several
countries years later in 2008 Thailand
banned Grand Theft Auto for following
the stabbing of a taxi driver from a
suspect who said quote killing was so
easy in the game and blaming his actions
on the game's violence even now in 2017
several countries have banned Grand
Theft Auto 5 on the grounds that it
promotes violence against women the my
whole stance on this is in this
situation I want you to blame the
perpetrator of the crime and not the
game one yet games are violent it's
ultimately the fault of the person who's
playing the game who can't differentiate
between reality and fantasy if you like
if a guy drank 4 cups of milk before
killing several people and then blamed
his actions on the milk because there
was too much calcium in his own I just
couldn't control the calcium like know
number 3 postal 2 this game makes it on
the list as probably the only game
banned practically everywhere for
practically everything at least in 2003
for the PC hopefull 2 is the sequel of
be successful but also highly
controversial game postal which
contained only a fraction of the
horrible and offensive thing seen in
postal 2 God how do I even list the
things that are wrong with this game if
you do make a list of the things that
aren't wrong with this for starters you
can put a gun up a live cat's ass and
use it as a silencer if there's a button
you can press it just allows you to pee
on someone at will the terrorists in the
game are super stereotypical to anyone
in the Middle East your wife in the game
has sex with Satan and then becomes a
giant demon who is the first boss in the
DLC of the game and at one point in the
game you play a minigame called sag
hunter the objective of it is to kill xx
stereotypically gay NPCs what the fuck
so obviously yeah
naughty fella on this game was banded
Zealand Australia Sweden and Germany
it's just wildly offensive I'm going to
go by number for mortal combat since
1994's release of the fighting game
Mortal Kombat 2 almost every single game
in the Mortal Kombat franchise has been
banned in one country or another for his
gratuitous violence some such engines of
this is big and fatality moves in with
one character kills another character in
the most gnarly way possible do people
still say not only how gnarly broski no
no I just sound stupid a few instances
of the games fatality moves show
characters using hooks to rip someone's
intestines out ripping someone's legs
off and proceeding to beat them with it
and both songs somewhat in half and with
this one is like I get that it's super
graphic and you obviously don't want
like a small child to see it but at the
same time like why ban it like I like
Grand Theft Auto it's not like someone
is gonna play this and then proceed to
rip someone's actual leg off and beat
them with it I don't know finally at
number 5 is outlast 2 so I absolutely
fucking hate this game and did 100% in
favor of it being banned forever I am
still having nightmares
thanks to this game that I got shit I
died I fucking died oh my god why so you
don't Millie was it outlast 2 is the
sequel to be game outlast where the main
objective of the game is to run and hide
from terrifying creatures in an asylum
run by a dead guy that while outlast and
VLC showed several scenes of violence
and torture it's not the reason that
outlast 2 was banned instead Australian
who seems to be the country that bans
every game on this list and it for
implied sexual violence in a scene where
the main character of hallucinates being
raped by some near spiky creature lady
thing whatever this thing is in addition
the characters wife is also allegedly
raped by another creature but again it
was implied as you can't really see
anything which like I guess it's not
something appropriate anywhere and I
will definitely never take the side of
the video game that made me poop myself
but I didn't think the game somebody did
try it's best not to trigger a ton of
people by actually showing it but still
fuck thank you that's a luckily for
Australians OD ban was lifted just a few
months later getting it instead a rating
of 18 + anyway guys that is if it is s
what the fuck sighs hopefully you guys
enjoyed it a question today for you guys
is what is the scariest or weirdest
video game that you've ever played also
guys if you have any suggestions for any
what the five topics you'd want me to
talk about leave them in the comments
down below and I'll check those up if
you want to see more of me getting
ridiculously scared playing outlast I
have been serving that every Saturday on
my twitch channel so if you want to
check that out it will be the first link
in the description anyway guys I'm gonna
go eat some marshmallows while looking
at pictures of titties and watching an
r-rated movie take that parrot set that
up the unit's not for another was about
five thanks for watching and fair with
