hey what's up you guys you know those
days where you're walking around and you
just feel like dancing and just look at
Everett and whirling you're like how
come nobody else is dancing how come
he's not dancing why am I the only one -
oh wait a minute
oh wait a minute oh wait how weird how
weird even know Brittany was here right
now
she's dancing the parking lot so bring
yeah it's been a little while we seen
you what you've been doing how do you
know I was here you follow me give you
forswear we did your tweet me what you
do one of those days you know hey we're
just dancing we do so obviously she's on
her period she's covering something up
that's what my pants means right you
your job you like to mess with me no see
I wear brown pants that's part of my
spots of diarrhea no listen I should
have won the brown pants
I ain't got no stains shame you can't
see their camouflage did I make up a
rumor that you were pregnant once
where'd the baby go what happened the
fact that like she thinks that's
pregnant
question of the day should be what
youtuber do you want to see no she's too
crazy I love her but she's fucking crazy
I have Hill her kid you know what she
would do she'd have a kid it'd be like
I'm hungry mom and she'd be like I'm
tweeting but is she fucking throw the
baby across the room Oh
what MXC times if I ever do actually
have let me give you a some advice if
you ever call it's Mexi time it's not
gonna happen
like if you marry a guy and you're like
let up smexy time he's gonna be like
person
I want to see myself knocked up some day
long far away
don't say about too loud in this parking
lot because Batman's like okay for sure
give me your number baby
so in let's get in
