there goes both our channels I don't
have anything sexually explicit I don't
think up me yeah yeah yeah I'm in
trouble
so Tuesdays are out yeah Tuesdays are
Friday well I actually have gotten a
strike on my account for making a bomb
on the 4th of July with my brothers so
I'm aware of this policy has killed lots
of animal listen I'm an immigrant I
can't be making no kind of bomb so I
didn't do nothing like that
does that include humiliating myself
come on I'll lick that that's the case
then I should be shut down Joe likes to
make love to me and make Miley watch you
you have him
I mean humiliation I mean that I'm a
comedy though she should be fine what
about me rubbing tons of butter on my
body does that count as gross out
that counts as pornography okay I think
that means no Edward damn okay we're
both out yeah
does that count one the comments cuz
they'd be intimidating the hell out of
me
baby plans on me though yeah you and I
be stalking you so technically we're
both invited we have our lives and so
are all of y'all
