hey yo Shana get your baby off my bag oh
come on Darnell Gilbert shelf doornail
look he looks like a 45 year old man he
looks like a Wayans brother he has no
teeth and cornrows that's the question
of the day y'all yeah
who's celebrity kid is that I mean what
Ashley says I was gonna say - dude
really who are you who do you think you
- both you too black to know who did it
not OJ Simpson Ashley's son so she's so
Shauna's video first videos up today
everybody it's Shawn Shawn its video up
today everybody go check out she wanted
video leave a thumbs up leave a comment
saying that are you excited for it are
you nervous are you excited - you
thirsty are you scared he freaked me out
I'm fine I'm I'm completely cool uncom
cuz I know what I'm gonna have no
frickin clue so yahweh delectably likes
me at 7:00 in the morning this morning
she's been calling me all week she's
like I'm scared of tariffs I don't know
what to do they're gonna hate you you
guys are gonna love her right BC my mama
don't love me please you don't wanna
know yes George it was working I've
literally said we're literally
celebrating on Friday night at fucking
cards work this is what honey Boo Boo's
family does ah
this upgrade is 1hr Walmart grill they
have one more
you guys won't see my forklift foot Oh
what is it anyway what is the forklift
foot
yes three and oh yeah I saw the
thumbnail follow but because she don't
take off the Sun there's bugs in me so
when she took it over here push up it
was disturbing us it would not well also
speaking new things that I'm excited
about
there's no video today on my main
channel because I wanted to leave my
Taylor Swift video up another week
because that was so much work
we're all Mon milk it for another week
but the song the Taylor Swift spoof just
came out on iTunes so I'm so excited
check it out
leave a comment go buy it if you want to
don't buy it if you don't want to
hopefully you guys are like me Taylor
Swift's poof and hopefully you like
Shauna's spoofy namsan released that's
what I called him you know cuz it's a
joke haha it's sad candy candy candy
candy get that candy get that KDE back
decade decade
yeah yeah yeah oh that's why you single
show me like okay wait go back there
speaking of why you're single like say
we're in a club we've done this before
target actually I feel like it's been a
couple years so like what like what
would your pickup line be why don't you
try to have it now
hey this is how I start but he can't
walk okay
okay yeah I see why that doesn't work I
mean what would you recommend though
like I see a cute guy I mean the girl of
my you know do my thing I yeah like I
see that cue card and you're like what
would you say well first of all this
shows first of all this shows how sad
you are because you pointed at a bag of
Snickers and said thank you guy right
there
he isn't when you hang out with every
Friday night nobody about it okay I'm
real bad but I like you she kept walking
she's having a seizure
she season out y'all season you seize
the day season Milan you see you today
that's not funny I saw something of a
seizure yesterday it was terrifying and
I felt so bad I had to call them away
here okay this seriously yeah seriously
have me Lauren were there Lauren had
like severe anxiety panic attack and
then I have like three pancakes to go
over yeah yeah that's how I get over
here badger Jack you could fit in that
yeah let me see if I can get my hand in
it I can get my hand I know we put them
on your arms and then get down on your
hands and knees to pretend to walk this
is what you should expect to see on
Shauna's channel starting today
everybody okay okay there's an off
there's an obvious King Kong joke in
here somewhere
and I'm not gonna say
oh wait is that actually a kid jacket
you're wearing yeah Wow look like
Patrick
it fits people are staring at me I don't
care it gives me energy it gives me a
strength to move on all right we're
leaving and we have the candy corn Oreos
the candy corns and the candy corn
pumpkin and some white chocolate odds
are good sister I'm sorry stop right now
okay all right no okay okay okay oh good
okay oh yeah girl get it
taking Japan
oh that welcome home up whatever and it
tastes the same
oh that water on your hands are nude
obey your foot really does hurt doesn't
hate if I thought you were the swaggin
but you are alright well now it's time
to try the other magical candy of the
evening hear what we got to stop with
this - alright I'm balancing this camera
on a pole but you guys have to get in it
does an eye okay that's so these are the
pumpkin oh my favorite
really were the Harry Potter movie
you're like we're all looking at Harry
right candies what good little again
right listen read Matilda this undergone
so much thank you
you're each on the job some of you
fucking left y'all please sit down what
y'all are so good what you think
literally gonna spit all over my knees
are straight all over my camera lens
maybe they're real classy night to
target thank you guys to join me fresh
outta you guys for joining me I make
sure to go and check out Shauna's brand
new video so excited
I was we're excited sound another reason
why she does not have a man I'll see you
guys later
