hey what's up you guys did I scare you
yes that is me from what great is this
mom
that was kidding I look like I'm 50 oh
yeah man what great is this one where
I'm reading the Bible with my crazy
haircut told you no that's the same one
there's just a crazy amount of smaller
ones oh so I don't know how this started
we started looking at baby pictures
we've had a fun day unfortunately I
didn't vlog the whole day but here we'll
catch you up to speed we ate too much
Shawn it worked on a wall I did don't
worry she'll react in a minute well uh
she'll teach research work and we
started um we saw a screening of a new
movie with Jennifer Lawrence tree SoDo
you likes Karma normally I don't like
she you know yeah yeah push outta here
but you like Emily this is actually one
of my favorite parts was window oh my
man Joe my bank uh a lot of spoilers no
um it was really scary and I'm excited
cuz I kind of want to do a spoof of it
and I really want Jennifer Lawrence to
be in it she probably won't but I'm just
putting it out there put it out in a
universe Geoffrey long you did good in
that movie girl come to a school boy
shame thank you bad hours Jamaican money
yeah we'll tell everybody go see the new
movie go see the new housing industry
and then you know you say you run into
Jennifer Lawrence on the street you'd be
like Jennifer wait fight and then send
it to the iPhone channel basically good
restraint work
I know so that movie is really good I'll
put the trailer somewhere if you guys
want to watch that um and now we are
looking through old photos and it's
can't get enough and they're getting
creepier by picture wait wait which one
oh god here it goes here it goes here
goes oh my god
who's in charge this little fat guy
oh my god I was wearing horizontal
stripes I mean mom you wouldn't mom why
did you tell me like hey Shan you're
huge and your horse Oscars this is like
skin like ill effects may be yes I print
girls weren't snakes oh my god speaking
of Jennifer Lawrence dominatrix Little
Women waiter with that what a whip a
sound me Oh Tommy yeah well speaking of
whip I should teach my mom at his work
yeah well yeah you can do it right side
up that's the best time to do it is how
you gonna make vertigo water so that's
how you gonna man up on yourself wait
wait T try to twerk right-side up go
doing over there exactly okay see the
basic premise and you just want apply in
a handstand later
oh yeah so what we do we can't do it no
we won't do that later right form it up
we just want me to come we've all been
drinking so we just will do it right
side up so you get this wall I get this
ball ha ha ha
oh wow you won't face the wall oh my god
what you doing if you possibly away like
you don't matter I saw that dominatrix
outfit I know what you can do sit on
that we need to show it a picture you
remembered about that handsome come
anyway I'll be here's an eye on it you
know yeah all right get the dogs ready I
was insane yeah calm down I know she
what do you gotta work everything about
this is uncomfortable
this is like the help the sequel like
like mom is like the girl to eight the
shitbox
oh my god
well it's speaking of scary uh since
house Athena stream is scary what easier
guys is favorite scary movie I probably
Isis already but um let's ask it again
because that scare the shit on me then
don't forget it was actually quite
moving I'm surprised I was surprised and
I know my mom's dance yeah
dad - all right you guys are gonna go I
love you so much hope you had fun
watching my mom booty pop pop pop ha ha
oh my god I'm never gonna sleep right
again
what are you
