alright here's a test y'all I have two
phones here as you can see one is
completely shattered and broken and huge
and the other is a brand new beautiful
iPhone now which one do you think is
this bitch's no racial profile okay do
not racial profile now this one it could
be you for a few different reasons
number one it could be because you have
some thick thighs that could have
crushed that when you sat down in a
chair which is very probable I do have
big back another is from all your
getting up and down on your knees up and
down up and down up and down there's a
chance it's gonna fall on the ground
that's very true as well now this one is
new and it's even black don't forget
what's but this one is white new and
expensive probably leaning more toward
this one I could have stolen this from
somebody
okay is that option that is still mine
okay virtual position is Nant into the
low perfect which is why you have that
hair cuz it is mine you're all wrong
this one is first cuz this is her old
one because I just forced her to get a
new phone you get to literally guys it
was embarrassing
it's like this bitch guy so she finally
has upgraded upgrade yeah this is very
exciting
what are you gonna do what's a person
they came out trans 25 different
restaurants in the local area I say okay
she said to the iPhone guy very the guy
at the iPhone store number one she kept
calling him the n-word
over and over he was number two he goes
how many contacts you have it she's like
2500 and then she's like yeah I have a
lot of friends and then I go through
them and it's all like pizza-eating
different friends is house you got and
then local people they know media they
know how I like might be friends she
means pizza when you're at it and they
run out of cinnamon twist yet they call
that you gotta know cuz they will bring
in to you
well this very excite this was out my
gift to shun because I'm very proud of
her her new channel already has and one
30-second video very proud 438 thank you
that's a sign things I could be excited
by a we and I'm celebrating because I
have a talk about which I've been
hearing since I was fast
very exciting I'm gonna get fat again
everybody somebody left a comment on my
last video but Shane's getting fat again
no I'm not but I am right now right now
I'll burn my skin to will be black
together
five minutes later I mean guys honestly
there's hundreds of packets airy
underside 97 on this idea I do not fuck
around when I come in I mean literally
my favorite part though
is to read all the same so on the
packets sorry I'm throwing up because
you had numbers sold literally yeah a
bite with every packet uh cyber you
fight with a whole packet of cider
what was your saucepan say wait this
would be the question of today with your
son I could say guys what would you say
take me to your taco no that's what that
one says what would yours say if you
were speaking of nothing that we're
talking about right now there's this new
thing going on any internet where it's
like 10 hour long videos up something
stupid so my thought was Shawna does
this laugh that's really fucking
annoying and loud and crazy way to go to
hear gag I do have some fun not much but
something I want to make her laugh
pretend there was there was I want to
stress that the ten would you guys watch
that
there it is sent over squeal you're
getting your first phone call you're
following don't know who knows because I
got no God thank you by the way
everybody's like saying oh dude daily
vlogs again you guys
yes she talked to her white person voice
maggie's oh hey daddy I'll never write
know it my father Alex your dad smash
was talking to Meghan no I just changed
today sigh just answer the phone not
knowing who it was she's fucking crazy
