lights camera blackness oh my god
where'd you go where'd you go
this is very sucky we are here filming
for shonas channel and this is gonna be
her new series truth or dare where she
takes your guys's truths and your
guesses tears and the first there is the
baking soda and vinegar challenge so
right now I ain't scared either I think
you've got this with your leopard ears
yeah the cameraman is obviously
extremely scared since you are behind
curtains my mom is sitting way over
there that's obviously terrified how do
you think this is gonna go you pray for
me mama - yeah by the way I call her
mama Tina just so yeah just like you
know alright so she's gonna do this
challenge I'm very excited all right you
ready boy oh my god I'm terrified let's
do this oh by the way we're not actually
gonna show you her doing the challenge
but we're gonna show you the aftermath
and I'm assuming it's gonna be real
fucked up if you want to see her
actually do the challenge you guys
subscribe - hey yo Sean oh I don't know
when it'll be up but hopefully soon
unless she dies which you probably will
this wasn't so did it oh no 30 no German
have a black girl throwing up and yell
say you know what if it's burning our
throat no I guess we'll find out believe
me bullshit they could kill me Oh
bubbling up my nose into my brain and it
was the worst thing I've done in my life
and I've been married alright time for
the pepper challenge
that is the Yahoo I have not even been
to bribe the question of the day what
should their next challenge be something
a little less means to quit then I
almost killed a black person not the
first time
