Pisa I'm about to blow you the fuck um
Shane this is gonna be fucking gross
fuck you Debbie Helena the guys yes
today I'm so fucking excited because I
get a helped a pizza to the next level
like he's cute but she's always the same
pepperoni sausage vegetables bitch you
only have three toppings that would be
like me only having three shirts away
but yes I'm about to give this pizza
hurt easy glow up now I have literally
every kind of junk food you put out
match it I have Twinkies I am cupcake I
have cookies I got cake icing I got
pop-tart I have literally everything
that's always in my Katniss yeah I
didn't even go to the store
that was just my emergency cabinet so I
really want to try with this video like
I know I don't really do that many food
videos anymore and honestly I just got
kind of bored with them I felt like I
wasn't challenging myself
so today bitch I'm working challenge
myself I want to make these actually
good so we are going to start with my
pizza pizza macaroni a pizza so first I
lay down a nice layer of some macaroni
and cheese this straight out of the box
then I laid down some bagel buy just
like mama used to make then I got some
toast Dino pista rolls don't try to fuck
with me Mandela fact it's always been
toasty no and then for the grand finale
I ripped a pepperoni pizza hop hop in
half and made it the crust and she is
fucking ready oh my god I mean I'm not
gonna lie like that looks fucking good
like I could see this shit be on
Instagram some skinny rich tumblr girls
like uh-oh peeps and chill and then she
goes did you get picture since II got it
okay great throws a dress I mean a shit
but I'm not an Instagram tumblr girl
have a trash can a tumbling down the
hill
oh look pizza alright here we go oh my
god oh my God look at it
oh fuck here we go sorry just really
proud of my baby she's gonna go to
college by college I mean she's going to
go to my thighs my thighs are at
university okay here we go
oh my god oh my god it's so good
wait wait did I just make something
actually good did I just make something
edible oh my god me when it Arby's guy
if we just make something edible and
everybody's like no that bees has hair
on an RV it's fine the hair will go away
when you dunk it net soup on this is
amazing you should do this just don't
show your parents next season I call
this one one a piece of birthday cake
I'm still working on the name so first I
put a big layer of icing pinch and it's
just a normalizing it's fun teddy
then I broke apart some of those soft as
cookies I don't know what they're called
but they're the ones that you tell your
grandma to get and then that bitch gets
you snack low and you're like this is
that's why I don't see you anymore
raise your cookie gain ran off then I
put on some birthday truffles and then
sprinkled it with some rainbow sprinkles
and put in some candles and here she is
oh my god oh my god I need to open up a
restaurant
it would get closed like opening day
they would give me like a G rating I'd
be like what does that mean and they'd
be like gross get a job get on the
treadmill go home obviously McCandles
I mean you can like them you know I try
to keep my eats of Hardee's lid I'll go
to my restaurant all right here we go
Lulu Oh happy birthday to no one cuz I'm
alone in my kitchen eating food see if I
wish came true
no Hillary does feel bluffing alright so
let's take out the candle Hoover get hot
out all right now let's get a Bible mr.
min oh yeah let's get a good end by oh
my god Rosa oh my god why is this good
something nobody said Harvey I don't
understand why this is good but it is
the icing like mix with the piece of
Karamazov like a distance dick and you
like dump them in that I think kind of
cookie off so did Oh
Oh you don't pull that I need to get a
piece of the trouble that part longer
yeah that fucked it up that's kind of
like when you're watching porn and like
you're in a good video but then it's
over and you're like okay I'll click on
this one and then you accidentally click
on some girls shoving a fucking eel up
her pussy and it comes out her mouth
actually that's the opposite of this
goes that's great I saw a horn where a
girl started on a sandwich she should
work at RBS they would see nothing you
will be like you're hired
can you shit on it though I really
wanted to taste like RV I love this I'm
like creating my family portrait meaning
on the kid where's my wife oh I killed
her all right next beat that so this
piece that I'm going to call what's he
talking about Facebook once again I'm
working on the name so first I start
with a nice layer guacamole and I got
the extra Nickelodeon looking
motherfucker just real green and weird
then they put this little chip Cup on
the end of it and almost like this what
is a filter with Malta then I was like
fuck I should have filled it with rants
but I forgot to buy ranch and I had a
little panic attack but we're back on
track then I just one of the spicy
Dorito knots or top coat and I ripped
that bitch in have it stop her right on
then I got some of the Mexican pizza I
stuffed a bitch on right next door
then I risk a Crunchwrap supreme in half
and I
made it look rough and then because I
got to keep everything fire I drizzle
some fire sauce on top and she's ready
for it yet so yes here she is this one's
my favorite this is one I could actually
see people ordering what world do I live
in I live in a world where everybody's
like me and we're all like hold on
where's this macaroni and cheese pools
gonna be a thing because I brought the
commercial or the big noodle guy he had
one I mean come on this looks fucking
amazing all right get to it oh ha ha I
wish I could have had this on Cinco
DeMayo just you know so more Mexican
people could be like you don't know what
to get a mile it to you
you just want a chip ok all right let's
see that noise doesn't knock you this
one's good too
mm mm good one is muy bueno ah no this
is incredible I gotta get from the end
though like I want that crunch mat
moment did you hear my job right hmm
having that many jokes is just good can
you see that I wanna make sure you guys
don't really see this shit you know
don't feel like the cheese could be a
little more melted
ah side no can you imagine me just
walking to a pizza restaurant doing that
all thank you so much looks a little
cold you won't be getting it dip
actually know what here's your tip don't
bring me cold pizza so this next piece I
call rest in peace little babies so
first I started with a nice layer of
root denna or a Nutella nut Carla um
then I broke apart some powdered donut
to just stuff those on top then I got a
nice piece of that cupcake and I just
put that Wiggly right on top then I took
a little oatmeal cream pie and I just
shoved her in there and then just to top
this bitch off
I used it Twinkie as the crust and this
is what I like to call I should never
have kids oh my god ha ha that is by far
the prettiest one that is crazy oh my
god god I surprised myself I I loved
getting here here we go mmm that's
really good for an awesome sorry I
having a stroke
I mean you pretend like you didn't see
that oh no this is like shockingly good
I don't know why I didn't tell is like
really good on pizza that's crazy this
gonna tell um because I don't think and
I hi why is all of this good when I die
which ninety students I want this to be
my Twitter moment can we make that
happen
and then everybody's going to be like me
know how he died no this is crazy
there's a cat in here on it gonna ignore
that because when you come to the
restaurant of Shane you should expect
caviar base crust and somebody blowing
up the bathroom Bon Appetit
okay so this next pizza is what I'm
calling the sour you serious that night
on TV so first that serves as a layer of
this fruit by the foot and I'd like to
make a nice triangle Illuminati
confirmed then I filled it with pretty
much every sour activity I could find I
got some gushers a tepid sour worms I
got
our patch kids I sprinkled it with the
sour nerd and I just convey me bottle
top desk and I just sprinkled that shit
right on top and she's ready to make
your mouth sucker
uh this one I'm not excited about this
is not going to be good um but it's
pretty I was going to say me but like no
I feel like when I was born they're like
who this was ugly but he's Chinese all
right let's say goodbye of this
beautiful disaster oh yeah
that's his life you know the unicorn
favorite we know is a unicorn cappuccino
with like the unicorn blood that's it
shit that is insides like that it's gut
this is straight-up unicorns intestine
unicorn hysterectomy took old unicorns
like oh fuck the doctor about to take my
innards like that so this is by the way
don't come for me my mom is a
hysterectomy survivor and she was so
high on painkillers but when I was in
the hospital room with her she goes
longer than my scar and lifted up her
hospital dress and I saw her pussy if
you want more of that story get my third
book I haven't written it yet so this
next piece I'm calling more pizza it's
more like fat so this one's very basic
I'm just putting a graham cracker on top
then I'm just putting some chocolate
then I put on two big-ass marshmallows
kind of looks like my ass and she's
ready to the unit okay this one I'm
excited about because I get to use my
blue heart right here we go one two
three
Oh
oh my god
oh it's over oh my god oh that smells so
fucking good can you see that shit oh
fuck oh this tom
boss actually this is not gonna be good
and I just take this part off
50p all right here we go mmm don't give
me that campfire jizz left oh um not
shockingly more on top of the pizza is
gross oh now I know I'm not hot because
that I wouldn't even thought without on
Weight Watchers bitch actually that's a
lie I would eat that away mutters one
time I Weight Watchers I ate a glove I
ate a glove it's not that it's so good
nice pizzas now I like to call this next
pizza good more tahini so I started with
a nice big oil drizzle of maple syrup
and then I decided to break off a part
of a pop-tart to shove that shit right
on then I put some fruit loop crumbled
up the more cereal crumbled up some
profit flakes then I took the rest of
the pop-tart and I smush that on top and
me to the crust then I did another
drizzle of maple syrup and here she is
and honestly she might be my best piece
of art like this is a pretty good runner
up for my critter moment maybe like two
days after I'd died after people are
like over it and then somebody's like
remember this screwin alright let's give
this one a try oh my god that's
beautiful
oh I should not put it next to me that's
like when you take pictures with your
hot friend and then your hot french
fries the facetune you and they fix all
the things you didn't even know we're
problem and they say you're welcome all
right here we go
oh my god oh my god this might be the
best one
Oh Pat friend the hot friend is always
the best friend this is like really good
the maple syrup on the pizza is like
sweet and savory the pop-tart is
bringing from like Baroness which I'm
usually not about you know I fucking
hate through but say - sugary fruit
kalapana under the fruit loops and the
profits like they just great this is
crazy so fucking trendy s restaurant is
going to steal all my ideas just like
him Bali did with the ranch stop look
we're not going to talk about that bitch
where's my check there like it hidden in
the valley okay so we have one more
piece left I'm so excited about this one
because it is fucking crazy now I'm
going to call this one fake ass bitch
pizza because everything about it is
fake first we're going to start with a
layer of some fake at spray cheese I'm
gonna go what the fuck this is
but I still want to cool with it then
we're gonna throw some fake ass cheese
puffs which came in a gallon and bitch
they're gone then I'm gonna put on some
hot cheetos now I'm going to crumble up
some spicy Doritos and then I'm going to
make a crust out of those fake-ass
little cheese sandwich things like you
know the thing you got your lunch and
you're like that's right
but then after you took one bite your
life I mean okay I guess I'll have
another one and then you're like wow I
got a package you my lunch tomorrow
yeah those motherfuckers and there you
have it a fake-ass bitch now I spent a
picture of this one in particular to
Garrett and he was like I'm coming over
so he's going to join me for this final
piece welcome to my kitchen
oh god it's really scary up surrounded
by things okay so this is the one I
saved for you whenever I'm a little
whiskey plus when you just like drink
before you just need to be drunk to eat
my food shouldn't be with my mom so this
one's really interesting all right get
in there no don't take a nibble take a
big old big bleep I use your hand
alright look good as much as I can't
cross get all of it
wait how do you make this with my dirty
hands all the floor like is that a joke
like you know what
then it's like a joke in this that it's
covered in know there's accidental cat
hair but just get you I know I'm picking
it off alright wait you should I get one
of the crackers up here first
I don't know you're the creator of in
you dictate its end no I'm gonna cut
from sorry I'm moving chain alright here
goes
oh is it really bad no it's just the
opposite sherry it's good it's so good
really you're talking to me I think
anything non-toxic in love it colo
was my veto wait I wanna try this to do
all of it it's all for you it's all
thank you wants to oh yeah that is
alright it's good yeah I don't want to
stop when you're doing these food videos
do you ever not want to stop I'm gonna
finish it well just look at the comments
I just look at the comments and it makes
me stop here so out of ten how many
stars I love it oh I'm not kidding Shane
this is so good I want to finish it
likes not joking for the camera I want
to finish it
oh thank you for this my dinner whatever
guys go that was me cooking up pizza but
honestly I really enjoyed this video I
wanted to do something kind of different
and really like really create and I want
to do it again if you want me to do it
again maybe next time I can make crazy
burgers or crazy cakes give me a thumbs
up so I know and also make sure to
subscribe to my channel and it's a
notification though because I make new
videos every day
and if you want to see some of my other
crazy food videos I made a giant Twinkie
cake I made a video where I deep-fried
everything I'll put a link to the
playlist right hopper description of our
two little pieces of my heart I will see
you in the bathroom
see you guys
Oh
