hey guys so I am just walking around a
department store you know looking at
furniture oh my god what are all these
youtubers doing on this beautiful couch
and fire and they're all pretzeled up
just hanging out nice no we ran into a
show here in Joe ah I know I pretend
like I don't know how to say because I
think it's funny I'm not sure I guess
I've adopted story percent okay I know
what's going on I mean is this like room
rumor mill what's going on oh my god
wait wait tell me more oh my god oh my
god oh my god so many little Mexican
girls right now we're creaming so what
are you guys doing in a department store
house okay great oh you never really
cratenbarrel that's one of something
yeah
come here sleep on beds yeah homeless
yeah it's fine what do you do here what
are you what is your life very strange
wait wait fill me jumping out cuz Elena
at this place said well she said she
came fresh already working her said I
have to jump on the couch because you
have to know what it feels like
careful don't crack yourself
I'm actually nervous like this is just
how I would do it at home right I'd be
like like hey yeah I'm gonna watch Big
Brother does it feel right well
considering I broke his leg no question
of the day would this become one amazing
catch with everyone if you didn't bother
with this because rolling naked we know
that it'll be itchy
what youtuber do you want to come home
and see naked on your couch pretzel dup
pretzels I make it up I'd want to see oh
my god there's so many I mean I should
steal it grace yeah crazy Sunday mm-hmm
bringing Louise Taylor oh sure hey yo
Shauna and then she'd be like subscribe
oh right you guys we're gonna go keep
looking for furniture they're gonna go
have a beautiful engagement ceremony
cinnamon pretzel here in a second
oh wait a minute is that is that a move
or is that it's like the cinnamon
challenge but make it with your legs
behind you guys see you later
Oh
