anyway fucking bullshit doesn't mean
taking the shit
okay okay yeah yeah Chuck Chuck into the
news you don't see me shopping up a
deuce chuck up once dude what is that
that means throwing up shit
but exact all throwing up shit exactly I
get it but so uh Shawn explain what's
happening right now
crazy oh yeah my wheezed Arnie's what
not pick my shit is a Lulu
oh my oh my god that's sad don't be
judging me yes makes me cry leave this
hat is expensive to get my hair did
flies in here any all because of her
hair does your hair ever like snap it
away like a horse to human hair human I
only wear human
I mean again okay I didn't know yeah
Michelle could this human you guys just
like your they grow right out of
somebody hey I'm is chopped up and sent
over here from India not on the
initiative Malaysian yeah that's
different
no so right now is China's filming her
new webseries that we're we're making
what is it called right now it's called
chicks dip-dip chicks with dicks and the
splits yes you can do all three
oh hey you don't miss I know see this is
very exciting so really quickly
introduce yourself hi I'm Alana you may
know me from the funny Club you probably
don't know so yeah is amazing she's
cheated this video I'll put a link in
the down in the crotch crotch down bar
what did you tell she spot c-spot the
ball sack um in this video called corn
syrup and it's one of my favorite videos
of all time so you guys have to watch it
she's so funny and she is directing this
crazy woman right here
I know you guys are like the same person
this is oh my god wait is this what
people see like when they look at us
perfect well this is legit cuz look at
this light it's a green screen so this
is gonna be like a tosh point-o for
black people so very excited so uh I
don't know when this is going up on
Shauna's channel but hopefully although
question of the day should be we're
trying to figure out a good term for
Shauna's comment section like I call it
my crotch what should shun is comment
section be called I just I wanted ball
pit because it's like kids play in there
in the comments and it's a ball pit like
kids but and also it's a technically a
ball pit because that's where balls go
really yeah like you felt you put balls
in there you know ain't nothing seen
nothing in the cobweb we'll just call it
your attic my dirty unused base yeah
wait wait how do we say good-bye again
chucking up the deuces we tried it chuck
chuck it up the deuces I mean what that
doesn't make any sense there's so much
better than us this is this is where
you're gonna be in like five
