look at all the money from all the four
Mexican kids I just spent all the money
on this shitty game we're at Dave &
Buster's
and it's Britney's birthday and she
looks like Kim Kardashian wow if people
tell you that alone really mine
I don't worry oh no no but like a good
concur - like a four she like lost your
mind people tell you that you look just
like her
oh my god but you're not terrible and
you don't smell like whore
so I'm very excited it's Britney's
birthday we're having so much fun and
this is another thing to Seaside know
you guys so I have a favorite youtuber I
like five favorite youtubers
and this guy's at the top of the list
now his name is steve steevo channels
mr. OH
I literally ran in jumps as I'm gonna
saw him yeah and listen you guys I never
really promote people I said go
subscribe it's me you have to check him
out
so fucking funny I die every time he's
in Chris's vlogs you guys make vlogs
together and you guys are like a weird
combo it's like me and Lauren but like
even weirder
I like making quite me money funny what
I just kinda shut up usually he just
talks very loudly
yeah always talk loud like say for
example give me an explanation of how
your night is gone in your loud jacket
yeah that's all we need okay amazing
phenomenal nothing words
the first up I'm sitting at dinner with
him I'm like yeah so tell me about your
life he tells me since fire life story
yeah when you ask say and I feel very
connected hold my hand do something I
feel very connected
and emotionally physically get in on
there I was a piece of shit stuffed
animal I thought so if you guys want it
I have no idea what it is it's a piece
of shit with a cape it has a mouth so
good for something just like my mom
oh just no idea what's up so yeah
comment of the day what's your favorite
game out like an arcade mine is that one
mega stackers what's your favorite game
mom oh hustling
this country I'm not even an ass I got a
question so would you pay me comment and
you might win this piece of shit isn't
that fun oh yeah
don't you want a piece of shit no it's
not yours
it's the children so we're all gonna go
everybody's tired seriously check out
his videos I'll put the link down you're
so fucking funny I think I want to like
put it in my video or something
he needs more viewers what else can
Kardashians hear everything is happening
there's a really slutty gross 80s woman
on that game over there I'm pretty sure
got herpes in the bathroom and I'm done
I love you guys too see you later bye oh
wait what oh we have to show what you
got
oh god this turned into a haul video
guess what guys she spent $5,000 and she
got a towel oh my god that looks like
when it's Shauna's big African
sundresses it's beautiful Oh God all
right you guys I'm gonna go cry about
all the money I spent on that
see you later pop
