oh my god oh my god wait what's
happening rats on a stick everybody why
are the Reds coming oh my god yeah oh my
god oh my god oh my god there's rats all
over me
what are they doing why are they doing
this making babies in me on my shoulder
why not I wanted it oh my god oh my god
the Popo are shutting us down what is my
life hey guys we're never getting back
together me Lauren are done Oh
Shawna's boobs are never so obviously we
have been filming like cray if you guys
haven't seen the vlogs of us on the
beach yet and all the rats on my head
finally I'm going to wonder what it
would take rats crawling or rotting and
I was trying to figure out a song to
spoof and I heard Taylor Swift song and
I was like spoof okay like ever like
ever I don't understand okay Taylor
Swift is like this Grammy winning
recording artist like country superstar
and then she puts out his song that
sounds like none expected she put out a
song that sounds like a 2001 Avril
Lavigne like knockoff and then in the
middle of it with the whole like and is
that that something I saw this and I'm
like never ever like that's like a Brook
Hogan song like what is this like in the
studio recording something else then she
had that piece of like she was talking
and then somebody was like in the middle
superlove we should have had like me in
the background being like guys I can't
really sing like maybe you should use
some superpowers and get me to super
love sometimes no Taylor Swift song is
catchy like don't get me wrong
it's a good song yes but I'm a little
confused like isn't she a country prison
I'm a little confused Taylor if you're
watching this which you're not because
you're rolling around on your piles of
money with one of your boyfriend's one
of the Jonas Brothers I don't even know
who fucking Kennedys but they died thank
you never not gonna show your nipple so
question is hey what do you think about
a telesco sneeze song let me know
think it's it's a song if she beat us on
are you touching yourself what do you do
never ever ever
oh she hates it no think I'm right away
