I know y'all been missing her here she
is
oh right your boobs here she is
I'm more than just a breeze to breathe
so right now we are writing a video and
we were talking about making fun of the
new iPhone 5 and doing maybe a
commercial where Shawna plays an apple
care assistant and so I wanted her to do
use her white voice which I've never
heard before and you're white laughs
which is the scariest thing I've ever
heard in my life I don't know what you
mean Jane Apple great products no then
we got black you see you got a nice fuck
cuz I actually started like me like oh
wait wait wait
I just want to scare the shit out of
people right now now just slowly look
over to the camera and do that laughs
fucking this is crazy as fuck your eyes
have to be a little bit dead I'm
thinking dead I know you look like my
black waitress I've ever had like when I
go to a restaurant I'm like oh I'll take
the chicken thinking they're gonna be
like okay and then they're like okay
dead inside I can see all the pain all
the oppression oh this is where you kill
someone tonight oh this is what it's
like to be black you guys watch out
watch out oh that's why I thought I
didn't steal all the while the pain see
you out and I heard OHS yeah keep the
pain aside I keep it inside and hurt
myself
no I'm kidding don't whoo you got real
just one thing
I feel so sad inside man this is why I
quit the daily blogs they'll get a lo
too creepy like this alone to rely we
had to tap into some deep shit for real
date
