Oh oh hey didn't see you there
well I did but I was down there your
face is beautiful oh this yeah I just
got this down there you should probably
get that checked um hey guys so first of
all just want to let you know never seen
a basketball game in my entire life I
don't know I have this second of all
today I wanted to give you guys a little
update I know on my Twitter and my
facebook and I think even in a daily
blog last week I kind of told you guys
that I might be quitting the daily blogs
and it is true and let me explain um
here's the deal guys like I have been
doing daily vlogs for like 200 days or
something ridiculous like that it's
almost been a year I got close but I
started to feel like it was a job and I
started to feel like it was becoming a
little too routine and a lot of the
vlogs were the same they were always fun
but they were kind of the same like wake
up get in the car go see Lauren
go get her B's go see Shawna get more
herpes like it was just the same thing
over and over again and I felt like it
was losing its magic
that sounds really fucking stupid does
that make sense I felt like it was
getting a little too routine and I I do
not want you guys to think that it's
that my channel is boring and routine
and I started feeling that way and all
honesty guys I didn't even watch my own
daily vlogs because I'm like 15 minutes
fuck this so that's a bad bad sign
and I just really you know honest you
guys I I want to focus more on my main
channel I feel like I've kind of let
that slip I've been making a lot of cool
videos that hopefully like this
Saturday's video it's pretty fucking
crazy I have another video coming out
next Saturday and another one after that
so I'm trying to build that back up
again I asked Shane's I'm doing those
every Monday so I'm trying to do things
that are more entertaining and more good
for you guys and these daily vlogs are
fun they're you know they're 15 minutes
just me blabbering and that's not fun
maybe this to some of you and I love you
guys so much if that's fun to you then
you should trade places with Lisa
because she isn't tired of my blabbing
but for the rest of you guys I feel like
I was getting a little boring so here's
the plan
okay I'm gonna address everything and
this is unedited so I'm gonna try to
talk fast just second
it's cocaine okay so I'm still gonna be
uploading on this channel obviously I
love this channel but it's gonna be
unedited thawne like one to two minute
videos just like I used to you know me
and Shawna dancing fucking me and
Britney being stupid
me and Lisa that's my X Tube channel I
forgot about that it's gonna be more
interesting and quick and fun for you
guys because I feel like that's that's
something I enjoy watching so hopefully
you do do on my second channel not right
now but soon in the next few weeks I
want to have like a fun like um video
series where it's kind of like hanging
with Shane but it's more edited there's
music there's like fun little montages
kind of like I used to do when like me
and Bree and Steve and my brother would
go to like Six Flags and I'll film the
whole thing and then I'd come home and
edit it and make it's really fuckin fun
and it was like five minutes long it was
all of us at Six Flags on the roller
coasters and I want to bring that back
so here's my idea this is also the
question of the day it's gonna be on my
second channel probably every Thursday
or something
and I want a cool name for it I'm
thinking party time is that that's kind
of gay okay I mean I'm kind of gay
wearing a purple shirt and I've never
watched basketball in my life I'm pretty
good um what do you guys think question
of the day what should the series be
called should be party time should it be
hanging with Shane remix should it be
don't watch this because you're gonna be
bored let me know I want you guys to be
a part of this so that's what's going on
it's excited to get back to my main
channel I'm excited to film more stupid
shit for this channel
I'll probably be posting on here like
three times a week maybe like Monday
Wednesday and Friday or something I
don't know we'll see that's the plan
do you guys like the plan do you hate
the plan they boarded the plan and also
because the daily vlogs were becoming so
routine that I didn't do any like fun
you know remember like back when I would
just dance and then talk to you guys for
a minute I haven't done that for a while
so I would do that now but Lisa's
sleeping like it's I don't want to wake
the entire neighborhood up as much as I
want to blare call me maybe remix which
if you haven't heard good luck I love
you guys I will see you all the time on
this channel so don't unsubscribe don't
get all pissed don't thumbs down and all
that bullshit just let's just have fun
all right let's stop making 15 hit video
Shane okay okay all right I'm gonna go I
love you guys I just gave you herpes
feel good fuck yet did go spread that
shit
