are you fine as fuck but you're in love
hey guys so right now I am straightening
my hair you know why cuz I'm gonna be on
a beauty video bye okay I'm very excited
I haven't seen old in like two years
everybody asks me like where's Brittany
where's Olga where's like insert random
here random friend Hey
well basically I kind of locked myself
in a closet locked myself in a room for
about two years and I don't really see
anybody and now I'm starting to see
people again it's very exciting
let me show you her set really quick so
she has a million lights
two cameras geez and her little her bed
I live under your bed that's my bedroom
looks like a five-year-old
yeah no nothing's changed well this side
of the wall looks like a candy store no
a candy store
and yeah so very set so what's the
channel called again we'll see you guys
go subscribe because I'm gonna be there
soon and you should have shot it on it
would take because you've never done
black people makeup before what would
you do oh god I mean do you have ten
hours like she has to put her face on
and that takes long time and you need
more lights than that you only eight you
need about ten oh you get well it's like
just any time I should with the exciting
Jess she's also like what yeah she is
kind of black she has black people here
I miss her I need to see her too I'm out
of the closet people Oh No
this gives me so many flashbacks of my
uncle in my basement
po Shan pose oh yeah I did that was a
lot I said I've done that those a lot I
don't know where these pictures are
where these pictures going I am going to
you oh we're jumping jump I just saw her
vagina we can't jump that much I can't
jump that much all right I'll try I'll
try all right so that was fun
I'm leaving Olga's place as you can see
there's fountains and rocks
she lives in Dawson's Creek I'm very
jealous it went really good
I didn't show you guys my jumping cuz my
phone kept falling off the tripod but I
think I have some pictures right now if
I don't you're gonna cut to nothing but
if I do you're gonna be cutting to these
awesome pictures go
so there you go those are some pictures
of
being retarded a typical day in the
neighborhood right now I am meeting Lisa
for lunch and after that I'm gonna be
meeting with Lauren and fortune who you
guys met just for last vlog
she's the comedian she's on Chelsea
Lately and funny says we're gonna do a
video together so we're gonna brainstorm
it's gonna be a fun day
let's keep going guys let's do this
water
dico yeah water dico beautiful you're
great for your body
terrible chemicals that are gonna give
me cancer and kill me in the next two
years die cook it is
like there's like Buffalo and it's like
I can feel it like running through my
veins almost it's almost like it's
bubbling out it's almost like it's
frying my brain telling my sperm it's
great
listen okay I like my diet coke there
has to be things that you like whether
that be like me it's better than what I
used to do I have a dead twin she didn't
my best friend Lauren says she's just
being mighty
Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Donna
felt my light isn't like that so hot oh
so Lauren is here waiting for fortune
fashion that's ironic what do you think
fortune or sorry fashion what do you
think she's gonna be wearing today
so right now who her she's gonna come up
in like overalls and a leg warmers so
right now we're going up to the proper
image now has boxes labels you love your
labels I'm so excited all right so take
me on a tour great so what is this room
being turned into I pretty much have I
think I have let's see one two three
four five six about seven boxes of wigs
seven boxes of wigs all right those are
the heroes let me translate translate
thank those are like sort of your main
character like oh here oh he's way like
the main your wig yeah and then over
here whoo
we have the makeup is being all
organized
yes you guys I have a oh my god we have
the penis paraphernalia fake blood
that's a lot of fake blood Oh fake food
medical Magnum condoms perfect
technology oh my god that's a lot of
phones and guns perfect
weapons and then guns guns and then body
parts colleges samurai swords for
example and then baby dolls and Barbies
I mean I'm not even north following
Manoa is giant candy canes
I'm never gonna need anything ever again
wheel chair perfect I need one of those
an open sign it's all here you guys
magic happens dreams comes true mom
guess who's here hi mom oh my god you
guys are matching
oh my god she's crying it's getting
emotional oh my god why are you crying
she never cries for me you're acting
like oh no what's wrong what's going
the gayest man on earth was like she
watches she watches Chelsea Mill hey I
just met you
this is crazy now here's my number so
call me maybe
no nobody okay um call me maybe and I've
been talking about the song all day for
some reason I don't know why and I
realized last night I have never
actually heard that song all the way
through and I finally heard it all the
way through and yep it's terrible and I
feel like it's a little like outdated
coz wouldn't it be text me maybe or
Skype me maybe tweet me maybe Facebook
me maybe or something if you're Shana
BlackPlanet me maybe Sean have a
computer she have a phone hers are
probably right me maybe um oh my god I
think that Sean in the carbon friend me
holy shit
oh my god that's Shana are you fucking
kidding me Oh give it oh my god any of
you next year oh my god timing that's
her okay right that would be an entire
Indian family I just mistook one black
woman for an entire Indian family that
shows how racist I am on so many levels
hi ma'am text messages getting calling
maybe I had never been texts maybe like
I've never had a girl like text me I've
had her break up with me via text I've
had her break up with me via Skype ha ha
I've had her breakout me and all the
ways that as she could but I never made
never on the phone I don't think I've
ever actually talking to that many
people on the phone what am I even
talking about right now I'm talking to
you guys on the phone haha anyways that
was a stupid off-track subject Indian
people black people where was I okay
yeah now I know so today was a
successful day we made my mom cry
I showed you guys how to straight my
hair in on this video
me and Lisa got lunch I have a box now
that says Tina's pair of Amelia it's
been a good day so question of the day
me and fortune are gonna do a music
video about birthdays like a ghetto rap
music video about birthdays so question
is what is the best birthday gift you've
ever gotten and what's the worst the
best birthday gift I've ever gotten
anything that's like funny and
thoughtful like my brother made me a
shirt with Gordon Ramsay on it and it
said it's fucking raw if you don't want
to go to Ramsay you've no idea what I'm
talking about I'd say the worst would
probably be bodily fluids in my p.o box
last year a girl sent me for blood in a
little bail so that was creepy and
terrible and I drank it delicious and
now one more thing before I go today I'm
kind of starting to think about quitting
daily vlogs and I just want to be honest
with you guys and explain why really
quick I feel like maybe it's a little
too much Shane the views on my daily
vlogs are going down like they were
getting like 500,000 views and now
they're getting like 100,000 views in
which I don't care I'm not like obsessed
with numbers or anything but I feel like
that kind of tells me that maybe people
don't want to see me every single day
and it's a little too much and my main
channel videos are doing as well and I'm
like well maybe because people are tired
of me like maybe I should kind of go
away for a little while and make people
miss me it's kind of like you don't know
what you got till it's gone maybe if I'm
gone people will be like oh yeah change
really funny I need to watch him again
because right now a lot of people are
like oh I haven't seen your daily vlogs
in like months and I'm like well like
why just don't know if I get any more so
I'm I don't know I want to keep doing it
you guys because I promised you and it's
fun and I really like showing my life
and documenting and stuff but I don't
want to like overkill I just over stay
with my welcome so I guess that's the
second question of the day
should I keep doing daily blocks what do
you think be honest should I quit like
should I just do like one or two I have
fun videos a week I don't know maybe
just like a couple minutes not 10
minutes like these are I'm sorry I'm
over talking this is why you guys
stopped watching yeah I talk too much ha
ha ha guys so much happy iPhone me I had
fun with you and I was a huge Amaro in
the same shirt probably because I never
change by the comments football you
might find yourself in video like those
guys and those girls to let their
comments
