cuz if your hog like your luck cuz
you're hanging with J Shan I have one
thing to say to you what the fuck
happened is Shan and Friends Jesus I'm
sorry I mean I wanted to make some and
then I was supposed to make one every
month and then I guess I just got
distracted and then I always doing the
original songs and then I was doing
parodies and I was doing I don't care
about any of that Shane I don't want you
super love and I don't need a vacation I
need you're watching Shane Dawson and
friends or their excitement novel runs
so hope I get it to you like that
yes I know I read the comments guys I
know that you guys miss some of the
videos I used to make like Shane and
friends or interactive stuff or viewer
orgy party which I started doing again
or asked Shane which I started doing
again I do read the comments
here's the thing though guys it's been
like five years I'm getting a little
bored but I feel like lately I've been
getting rien spired with the shanaynay
talk show and everything but I do want
to do Shane and friends again so I'm
trying to figure out a way to do it that
makes me excited to do it again
switching it up maybe throwing in a
different character maybe fruitloop a
we'll have our own section or maybe you
know I'll make up a new character I
don't so Jesus I'm working on it lies
I'm not lying you can't lie to me
you're gonna go to hell well technically
Shane and friends could probably get you
sent to hell because you're making
really dirty videos for children oh yeah
forgot about that
speaking of Shane of friends right now
one of my friends when a Shane's friends
is coming over totally sketched and
we're gonna be talking about smiley and
how to promote it because I really want
to get into all the theaters and I
really want you guys to see it and also
talking about doing some videos we want
to do like a fun interactive video for
maybe Halloween or Christmas or
something about aliens interactive alien
video right chocolate nope he doesn't
care uh so that's gonna be fun and then
also tomorrow with Lisa I'm going to my
first gay wedding
hopefully not my last you know what I
mean I don't even know what I mean so
that's gonna be fun so I have to learn
how to dance tonight
and I have to learn how to make people
realize that lease is actually my date
and not my fag hag oh the joys of being
a feminine man guess who's here the
worst puppeteer in the land chop oh yeah
grab out of those handlebars
oh what's your name who is the host of
lamb job she's dead so right now we are
working on some stuff we're thinking of
a Halloween video maybe a movie maybe
something spook erisa something spooky
sounds racist yeah
I just recent well not recently but two
years ago learn that spook was a term
for black people and we had tayzonday
said yeah we five people got it five
people five black people five angry
black people their letters were very
nice and well written their comments
were very well angry so we have a pad
right here and it's empty so we're doing
good mm-hmm so like what yeah spoilers
all I have on mine is fat camp and it's
gonna be amazing I know we came up with
an idea that was supposed to be for a
video but now we're kind of like fuck
you sounds like a good movie it does
it's um kind of like The Godfather needs
heavyweights yeah oh my god it's kind of
like a mob that can imagine like Mean
Girls if they were all fat it really is
I mean which is amazing oh my god we
have to do it I'm gonna gain a lot of
weight to play one of the rules with
your brain the only live took me back
time travel wait he fends the video have
you done my birth my time job was like
mom that's the cartoon I just saw you
swear with Abraham Lincoln you just
saved him
I just saved all the black people from
Abraham Lincoln wait is that what
happened and now we have flying cars now
we have flow oh my god I feel like if
you say Abraham Lincoln then we'd have
fly
cars or something I know he's doing
things like that he didn't do anything
um so we're gonna get back to work I'm
gonna have another Coke Zero I've had
about 500 today
I didn't even offered you anything we're
both wearing plaid though so I feel
connected still I feel like I'm bizarro
Shane you look you're like me you're
like me in an alternate universe
yeah where where you do the same thing
as me you have the same career as me of
the same city as me yeah basically the
same life is me it's just different
I only have one dog though oh you may
blend okay okay that's different
all right so we're gonna go back to work
okay bye I'll see you later
haha what are you doing well Hillary is
eating all the props out of here and so
I could actually start to bring stuff
out that I used to have so like the big
bottle of alcohol I already drank that
today um no well so Hillary is the woman
that or the girl call her the girl be
youngin who like create sets for me and
she paints for me like when I need the
wall painted for a video or something
so today's she and her friend are like
creating me a prop room because honestly
guys I'll show you in a minute I didn't
know how many props I had they have a
whole bin dedicated to penis memorabilia
and they have a whole bin dedicated to
Jesus memorabilia
it's insane so now we have some room
like this used to be full of costumes
and stuff so now we're putting it in
some stuffed animals like and then you
made you made grandma a little a little
thing that's just ethical oh just just a
little special stuff no I can put back
out I'm excited it's gonna be cool we
have right over here and you guys have
been sending me posters and shirts and
stuff so I'm gonna sign those and send
them back but don't send them anymore
because it's it costs so much money you
guys well I'll give you a shout outs put
your name down there in the comments
section today that will be the question
of the day what's your name
and in the next daily vlog I will read
off or not the next one in a few daily
vlogs from now
because I film these ahead of time I'll
read off like as many names as I can and
give you guys shout outs because Steve
it's costing me thousands of dollars to
send you guys stuff back-end girl how
many like until I make some billions of
dollars like it's making me go broke but
hey I'd go broke for you guys I just
love you so much as much as I love that
dead cat on the ground oh yeah this is
from page let me let me whoa oh I have a
feeling this is more animals for you and
Lisa it's a turn-on and monkey oh she
says I love your YouTube videos
her name is Twilight Saga for Eva's 23
that's my screen name how weird
oh my god should do some drawings on
there Shane at Lisa forever beautiful
now this one honey real fast it says
Sheneneh it's just loopy easy wait for
what
what you don't even know my characters
the names for loopy for Lupe chocolate
that's not for you that's not for that's
for me you don't get anything oh my god
I love a good bonanza it's a banana
that's a collage of me
too bad I hate myself but thank you oh
my god it's a leopard hat and a Miley
Cyrus oh this is beautiful
see this is what I live for you guys
leopard hats
it's from Katie see she says she worked
really hard on the collage and she's 12
years old
oh you got a new bag oh girl that's
beautiful Emma take this to the gay
wedding well thank you guys so much
every time you send me something so it's
so nice you don't need to do that right
Charlie sent to me through the magic of
television or Internet my hair is now
did uh-huh and it's very very long so
let me just give you another
to her because a couple things have
changed not much but a couple things so
I'm pretty sure you already saw this the
sheneneh's said this over here I don't
know if I were to show this but this is
supposed to be like a little area for
her sidekick like you know Chelsea
Handler has a Chewie so she would have a
talking fish because she's on LSD and
everything talks and then I already
showed you guys this this is the
costumes more and more stuff is getting
in here I mean just like costumes in
this a whole box of weaves fruitloop
Bay's crazy wig a game of Twister an
asian girl in a bag it's a party and my
room looks a lot cleaner than it did
earlier today we're putting everything
in boxes and stuff of course over here I
have my would you rather sex Edition and
also my Liz McGuire books amazing way of
my song just you will get those are two
different songs what am i doing hey guys
um whoa the world is so much more
exciting without these now everything's
cool and dark Hey Baby how you doing
what oh you're not a lesbian but I'm not
a girl so call me okay i'ma wear my hair
and those sunglasses make me look like a
lesbian it's fine okay I can deal with
it I'm taken anyways I don't need you
I have Lisa I'm already in a lesbian
relationship Oh guys I just wanted to
wrap up this vlog in a fun way and talk
to you guys about nothing um it's been a
good fun week building the shanaynay
said filming the talk-show
Kenny Shauna's channel ready I'm gonna
start doing Shane and Friends pretty
soon I'm in a good mood I don't know why
I'm usually in such a terrible mood but
I'm in great mood today except for the
fact that have a huge herpes on my lip
and literally every day I wake up it
gets bigger and bigger and bigger to the
point where like it's not even fun to
pop anymore it's terrifying when you
need to like carry around a huge hand
towel with you because you know
eventually your pimples gonna pop and
it's gonna cause so much boozy Guzzi
nastiness that you can't clean it off
with your finger and just wipe it away
like I need a hand towel and it would be
fine if it was anywhere else in my body
but it's right fucking right here right
here in my lip and like if it was on my
back that'll be amazing like
night will be an awesome event like who
wants to pop it or if it was like on my
nipple or if it was where I usually get
pimples which is like right between my
nipples I mean that would be fine that
would be lovely me and Lauren could have
fun taking turns
seeing how much booze we can get out
with our fingers but now it's on my face
and it's distracting I know it's all you
guys are looking at right now I could be
saying the funniest crazy shit in the
world and you'd be like what the fuck is
on his lip that guys watching me vlog
right now
shut up fuck you oh my god he's mad okay
okay alright hey no no I'm uh I'm
skyping skyping with my with my friends
all the 12 year old friends I have on
the Internet
alright there we go so yeah question of
the day where did did that so I took
care of that I told you guys what we're
doing tomorrow which is a gay wedding
that's about it you guys I hope you had
fun hang with me I'd fun hang with you
and I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow wait
what's the song tomorrow tomorrow I love
ya tomorrow and he's looking at me again
hi
no just singing okay bye I swear to God
when am I gonna be able to get a normal
job see you guys later I love you
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
