hey what's up B guys yes welcome to
another creepy video now me Garrett and
drew have tried a lot of creepy things
on this gym we've tried to find ghosts
we've tried to explore haunted forests
and we've even tried to summon the devil
but one thing we've never tried to do is
go to another dimension and supposedly
with the elevator game you can now I'm
sure a lot of you guys remember that
scary story that we've talked about
before involving Hotel Cecile now there
was a woman in an elevator in a melesa
and she was doing a lot of weird stuff
she was pressing a lot of buttons she
was going in and out and eventually she
disappeared and then she showed up later
dead now a lot of people say that she
was actually playing something called
the elevator now this is a contemporary
Korean ritualized game and supposedly if
you get on an elevator and you go up and
down in a certain sequence will open the
door and you'll go to another now it's a
world that mirrors our own but it's much
more frightening apparently there's a
woman on the fifth floor now elevators
are very scary in general anyway you
never know when one might break down and
just fall all the way to the floor you
never know if you'll be trapped on the
elevator with somebody that wants to
kill you
and a lot of elevators don't have a 13th
floor and they don't explain why and
just to see if I can make myself even
more afraid of elevators they gear and
drew are going to go tonight and play
the elevator
okay we are back at the boys fire pit
this is a good fire you guys ever think
about jumping in okay so tonight we're
going to do something called the
elevator game now Garrett you told me
about this oh yeah they love it again
it's a Korean game apparently put in
certain numbers from the elevator
what if you doing a certain sequence
apparently you go to a different
dimension what yeah what we're doing
dude to make sure yeah
well it's sort of a ghostly dimension
are you scared I'm a little spooked out
because I am afraid because number one I
don't know where you're taking us
because you said you have an elevator I
know of a place number two
Drew's really sad because he heard
elevator and he heard target but we're
not going there
no we're boys hard we could go to Target
what do you need a target do you guys
want to target blocks in this video all
right let's go to Target and also to an
elevator uh so we got locked out rather
watch us all as I said it was cool yeah
what is this I know it's over I can't do
this I can't like what is he know I used
to chuck them okay no but seriously what
do i do okay drew maybe throw a rock at
the window I'm a good climb right no not
I'm saying I'm just gonna get a big pile
and go oh yeah like just wait what they
go into another dimension
they play the elevator getting real
quick okay so get like a tiny one and
just like oh well there what's the
favorite song sing his favorite song
something Britney hello oh oh oh can I
find that no that's not sturdy enough
right you know what's funny is actually
that's going to be people favorite part
of the video so I'm under that can't
know your father no I don't really know
oh she can't do it
wait we're old no but I mean this is
just for decoration baby this is contact
this is my bones though too is it gonna
fall you know you'll be fine
I got you baby don't you don't have
anyone come on what you got it I don't
have anyone closely oh no like that
alright come on we gotta do this no it
felt weak yeah maybe you should yeah I
wouldn't miss my mic I seriously feel
like it's giving yeah and I just a dude
hello he's gonna fill ahead oh you
locked us out
all right yeah what is your dick in your
mouth are you cheating me yeah is it
Amsterdam Amsterdam God you have it
honey we're going to all right what
happened
have it go under gankin where's the belt
do you want to live forever without it
do give me the single spankin whoo all
right I think we earned a trip to target
okay so we're on our way to target
because drew needs I don't know
something something important
technologically so we're on our way
so explain how we actually do this
elevator game and what are the side
effects like are we actually going to
die well there's something about a woman
that apparently gets on the fifth floor
they so you can't talk to her you can't
look at or you can't touch her or
something really bad will happen and
you'll keep you for my mom wait why is
the target level white maybe we're in
another dimension
it worked guys Elvis game word we
haven't even been on it yet okay now
that's me in the elevator it is no
warning sign that we shouldn't do it
what is it don't push the button
what is that is actually just about not
getting your mom man but this is a
warning that we should get married and
film it oh that's a good video title
should we look for your phone here oh I
think it's under this pile of garbage
okay so we just got to a building where
are we my uncle has a production office
in here and I have a keycard and I
sometimes go in there because I has a
really scary basement I was going to
keep it a surprise to tell you that
already like we thought we're
trespassing and we're going into a
creepy they closed do I have a keycard
and I kind of look like my uncle we both
wear glasses anyways all right first you
wait but let me tell you something okay
if the elevator doesn't get us to
another dimension
the basement is scary you settle are you
excited you let scare you but if it does
then we don't have to go the basement no
before okay so we're inside of this
Oh conference room and there's a fucking
piano drew this is piano mom so I
thought what you could do is tell us the
rules of the game would you complete the
music and you could like sing them she
is not scary okay drew maybe play
something kind of creepy and spooky
that's good into the elevator elevator
with you unless I press this button for
the hook for finger reaches the fourth
floor you must get out
elevator there a food that was good see
is clinking allow a guitars happening
yeah give us a couple more rolls go to
elevator when your name in the elevating
a typo for this was written by someone
who doesn't speak English okay so this
is scarier than a hit
you ready yeah okay oh my god oh my god
you feel like you're the main stranger
you're supposed to wait are we though
all right here we go oh there we go all
right what's first
okay so our first one out okay so we
have to press the button to the fourth
floor so now what we're going to work
for now I'm ready here we pressed the
fourth now I remain in an elevator and
press the button for the Senate board
okay hey okay
it doesn't say what's suppose how we're
supposed to be feeling or anything how
are you feeling I'm kind of like as
opposed to my arm he lopped it off wait
so what how many members do we have to
press is there in another dimension but
unless you know there's no shortcut
quiet
fuck the wall and come oh well we go to
like a something like can I get anything
from that yeah we can get on the
elevator again
now if you go to sixth floor number six
number six
lucky names in all right we have people
actually played this game as if anything
happens my friends really what they say
she went to another dimension for like a
few years but it will only a day for us
and she was I don't know where I want
yeah so stranger thing was based on yeah
what strained it my friend
yeah wait no what now we just have to go
to the tenth floor like a number 10 get
your pain out
ah no rush it's paranormal experiences
oh now that the fifth floor apparently a
girl is going to get on now okay this is
the fun
should we make room or okay listen to
this can I tell you something okay when
you reach this it for a young woman may
enter the elevator do not look at her do
not speak to her she's not what she
seems alright if a girl actually got on
I would beat her up just like it I would
be scared okay what if I sit far there
should be a woman okay just come in
don't say anything just walk in there
sooner I would have died wait maybe is
the growing to me wait is it okay is
there any stories of his working home so
another dimension sounding Gong Gong
okay now you go to the first floor when
we oh shit want to press the button for
the first floor if the elevator being is
ascending to the tenth floor instead of
descending to the first you may proceed
if the elevator descends to the first
floor as soon as soon as the doors
opened do not look back do not speed
right so the lesson is over and I guess
so are we going too far isn't it going
too far one
all right let's press on well okay well
don't think that's going to be hard for
us once descending that's where we're
going this is a confusing game we're
going to all right here we are other
dimension
certainly not my dimension the woman
didn't enter so there's no real we might
guy talks in there ladies don't wait oh
my god really very bland fire oh thank
god
I suppose in the elevator you're working
tonight oh well it's so cold you said
you have a creepy basement for us yeah
through the basement and I was actually
running event it was so scared I was
certain I was meeting right well let's
go get killed late doesn't it take it
was so dark and spooky down here that I
just ran out of the building you're like
six floors down the ghost of overheating
real quick how many floors are we
walking approximately like what Daria's
later we're walking down 16 points oh
it's down it's not up everyone knows you
here the only thing scary is the amount
I'm going to sweat
stop Shane we're gonna have a good time
oh my God look how long that is it's 32
stories look up look like can you do
that here I'll meet you in the fall oh
this is Miriam listen Mike a report of
paranormal activity would not be
activity if you want to try to tell the
truth no that's walking up was it the
last video we did we were literally like
pregnancies
now we're just walking down Sandra oh my
god is that literally a ghost handprint
on your arm yeah we what is that
not literally a ghost it's a friend I
mean if you start the fire successfully
but I mean to do that I don't want any
Sun okay how far do we have to go
blinking so I'm telling you this is
absolutely Gary well
we would yeah that was good we where we
going now
more stairs holding our Latino place how
long we been going up there fighting ok
this hallway is kind of scary
ok well you ain't seen nothing yet I
asked us open to two weird but not rare
when I leave here this is not resident I
was scared in a room dilute this it goes
down several stories with the dual
camera if you don't there's no what's
that oh and the gates open don't mind if
I do adore the jar
good waistband that's a parking garage a
scary one it is just while attacking
garages go-o-o me now that's a cockroach
yeah suicide we got oil attendre
was hanging skeleton who look at the
sign of health one way do not enter what
change tell from the government mr. sexy
Jimmy then I can make another video
about it oh hello wait we could do what
well from the movie get out you run
towards chemistry factions like that man
okay do it oh my god we got here that
was genuinely horrifying scary good job
you call this video to get out that is
where that is actually all right I think
we're good here this is not scary it's
just like target clothes and we're in
the parking lot wait don't leave me an
elevator here maybe this elevator will
take us to dimension Jerusalem is at
jury's pretty sad if there's an elevator
your content Oh before then before
before or you go into the elevator
close your eyes alright take us to hell
oh there we go now the lights work wait
none of these works well yeah it don't
moves us they just don't work we going
to hell
wait but if you go to number one you're
not most at all I mean the art on the
walls is creepy I guess that's also us
Oh a middle not on the right I'm the one
giving them off kiss okay so the
elevator game is kind of a scam but also
I don't think we did it right it was
very confusing which I feel bad cuz I
feel like you guys like to do the games
like we do the step how many sets were
there a thousand there were so many
steps it got a little convoluted I think
them to me you're just closed to go to
four and then you go to one and if you
go to one but five the girl comes on and
you know I don't know that's the point
well either way I had fun with my boys
and even if we didn't get scared I still
had a good long activity and I hated it
oh no I'm just kidding I love you guys
and next time wait I spend what you
almost know what yeah what are you gonna
do to us next time mom don't leave us
hanging on a compliment listen I feel
like our last couple scary videos have
not really been scary but I feel okay
about it like I'm having fun speak for
yourself you remembered you're under
those stairs oh that was scary
aren't you guys if you want to see more
of our scary adventures out put a
playlist right down below also make sure
to go to their channels and also
subscribe to my channel and hit the
notification books I make new videos
every day
I'm coming back oh yeah they both are
having their YouTube comebacks get ready
I stopped working I will again surprise
you guys see you in the elevator on the
fifth floor
bye
