ah you bought is fuck well you're in
luck because you hang away fishing today
it's officially day one of Shauna's
shoot for her brand new channel and this
is what I come home to our channel is
gonna be interesting you guys Wow so I
just woke up
and there she is oh girl you dressed
like Halloween doing trick a tree ticket
GG is this channel gonna be a trick or
treat
okay I'm gonna be a trick for y'all for
y'all treat Oh
how's it going oh you know even if it's
not going well you got a lie to that
okay group y'all Millea so gotta go see
ya live don't subscribe
hey yo niggas subscribe got to do got to
do Riddick waiting wha hey ba ba is
every about trust babe speaking of trust
uh nice segue shame I want to talk to
you guys about something kind of serious
right now
and I wasn't gonna talk about this on my
videos I was trying just to like tweet
about it and stuff but I kind of have to
now cuz it's getting a little serious
here's the deal you guys I like every
day lately in the last few months at
least like three to five kids and their
parents have been showing up at my house
and first of all I don't live there
anymore I kind of haven't told you guys
that but I don't really live there
anymore
just my mom was there so you guys are
showing up and kind of scaring my mom
because she's all alone and she doesn't
know like if I like a teenage boy shows
up at her house and he's like where's
Shane I want to come in where Shane like
it's a little scary to her and she's so
nice is she like you know she can't say
she can't turn you guys away because
she's so nice I thought was there I'd be
like what the fuck are you doing at my
house go home but my mom is too nice so
now it's getting to a point where like
this morning she called me like crying
like 7:00 in the morning because there
was all these kids outside of her house
and they were like not going away and
she didn't want to answer the door cuz
she was like you know in her pajamas and
they were like banging on the door and
like you guys like I know this is for
just a small handful of you guys cuz you
guys know you guys aren't crazy but
some of you are and some of you like
don't understand like like there's
there's a line like I love meeting you
guys so much I hug you the shit out of
you guys when I see you in public I will
give you sexual favors in public but
that's like a meet-and-greet or whenever
we see each other in public but like my
house that's that's a little crazy like
a little bit and I appreciate all the
support and all the love and like the
only reason I have a house is because
you guys watch my videos and I know that
and I'm never gonna stop making videos
for you but like it's it's getting to a
point where like I I'm nervous for my
mom safety because like what if one of
you guys are actually crazy and bring a
knife and stab her like that scares me
um so I just had to tell you guys here
on this video that like it's not it's
not cool and I hope that the people that
are doing is stopped and I don't want to
call the cops or anything cuz that's so
stupid like I don't want to call the
cops on a fan like that's not you know
I'm not Beyonce or anything the cops are
gonna be like who the fuck are you and
I'm gonna be like oh god make videos on
the internet they're gonna be like well
but this message is also to the parents
because a lot of parents come with their
kids and the parents like yesterday one
of the parents said to my mom well if
you don't want people coming why do you
have your your address on the Internet
um like I don't know if you check my
YouTube or my Twitter be like I don't
post my address I'm not like hey y'all
here's my Eddie um if you look for my
address you can probably find it cuz
that's it's what a crazy person could do
is you know type in Shane and look for
my address but it's not like we're
putting it out there so these parents I
mean come on guys like first of all
you're bad parents you're like your kids
watch me you know what I'm saying
second of all you're sending your kids
up to my door and I could be a child
molester I mean I probably am a job
question I don't know I'm sorry I didn't
want to talk about this because I look
like an asshole I hate looking like an
asshole am I an asshole please tell me
I'm not an asshole
um I just had to talk about this um so
please please like give my mom some
space and don't scare her and on that
note I'm gonna go to the gym and want to
kill myself because I hate this place
but you know what I don't hate you guys
I love you guys okay I will see you
after gym okay daddy I love you bye back
at my house and Shaun is already
cleaning blood off her shoes
this happy 40 is shining you often feel
it's been a very productive day um so
this is ru Shauna's producer oh sure
baby killer they're kind of like her
Lauren sure yeah
so how is this this is like your first
time how is it going I mean it's a
little grosser than I thought it would
be a little more perverted really but
this is the Hollywood dream oh you know
this is what people move to LA for right
what did you do today
fucking kill the baby that's what we did
that's what we did how I roll all 40 if
a baby don't die in a good 40 hey mom
scary hey I told everybody today in that
vlog that they should stop stalking you
yes it is cray y'all how crazy is that
be more boundaries boundaries is your
address on the Internet fresher
listen I live on a corner between high
anyhow I'll be down there at night hello
cart you know you go busy leave some
money if you come down oh I mean this
day just keeps getting weirder and we
wait this isn't your character right
well who's this character give it to me
man that she's father yeah she don't
some of this character not happy at all
it's good you got a lot of pain I'm
really okay it's a real shit
her name's Shawn for you mm-hmm and she
done been through it oh well what a
shank will do though she a part-time a
part-time YouTube personality oh well
well no but what what kind of videos
just shun tell me she's a makeup guru
her handle a is youtube.com slash black
Barbie beauty guru 16
if y'all let Scott yelling Scott yeah
yeah let's go wait what's your name
listener
her name is YouTube is youtube.com slash
black Barbie a beauty guru 69 2003 Oh
God
all I told Shawn about makeup groomers
I'm like whether they have a stupid name
and they have a number in Matt so she
came out why 2003 I feel like that was
the best year miss 2003 no g-shock Wow
Wow you should do a video you should do
a video where you answer questions like
comments and then when the comments is
probably gonna be why is your name 2003
explain what happened in 2003 I in 2003
everything was going great for me and a
2000 fuck it real hard so I like to
remember eight that date forever me ah
this channel just got real sad me and
she kind of talks like she has a stroke
yeah BSU that's joking mm oh that's what
started the year bags are you fucking
kidding me like all I know is I told him
I said hey if you want me like you can
have me and then he walked away like let
us out of it mean Michael why would you
do I can't this tape is not even Stang
ah ah ah hey guys
right now I have in the middle here's my
photo blue picture and in the middle of
putting together my beer orgy party for
this week and I haven't done one in a
while and I forgot how hard it is to
make funny out of tape and I forgot how
hard it was to think of brand new
questions and things that don't make you
guys go whoa so I decided to take face
would be fun so now I'm waiting for your
guys's response if
to do your best tape base um what else I
asked a bunch of random questions I
asked if Khloe Kardashian was a food
what kind of food would you be and most
of you guys said sloppy joes which I
don't really understand
I guess because she's big chunky and a
mess yeah that make sense
Shauna is filming the 99-cent store
right now I'm so proud of her and I
already said that today I think but
what's a proud of her like this is so
exciting like she went from just being
an actress who didn't know anything
about YouTube and now she has like a
YouTube channel it would like almost
100,000 subscribers and she's making
videos it's like I'm very proud I gave
birth to a big crack crazy black baby
and it feels real good I'm gonna go back
to work I just want to show you guys my
crazy tape face and hopefully my face
will stay like that forever
you guys would love me right no hmm
where's you laughing it is it risk it
for the biscuit that's number one but
the best one is you could be right or
you could be happy what does that even
mean this is Jerry has a fiance's
picture I don't that to me just seems
kind of like ly- kiddo and because they
drew them together and see what you
thought in my heart about her no but
yeah I gotta be with her right where I
could be happy like oh my god that's
love yo that's love chocolate dad's left
so right now we're about to film a part
of my video with Shawna and my mom and I
just and then after that Sean is gonna
go to sleep cuz I'm tired of fucking man
videos is tiring as motherfucker
well y'all go check out YouTube back on
slush hey yo Shannon man you gonna give
up YouTube whoa I didn't even start it
today today's Shauna's ask some question
about YouTube she's like she's like I
don't understand Shane like everything I
YouTube sucks that is a direct quote and
I was I was like damn but she said how
come like you don't get that many like
is maybe use as you used to but like a
lot of stuff that sucks does get views
him well like something retarded Lee
over simple like that I would never
laugh at that i watch it on my well this
is why y'all because people that watch
YouTube are retarded
Oh which is why people are still
watching me retarded bye bye bye
so I should get a lot of use these oh my
god you gonna get so many but enough
buzz out oh come on e million yeah yeah
chocolates excited okay perfect day wha
hey what's up y'all
it is the end of the night and I it's
not really the end of night because I
still gotta film a video but it's the
end of the vlog it's been a long day
it's been a fun day though hopefully you
guys had fun I have fun with you Oh
buddy I follow me Oh question of the day
since Shauna is doing videos now um what
celebrity or youtubers should she spoof
that's a good one
so leave your comments down below and
Shana will pick one and she will spook
them she'll probably spoof more than one
actually I know she's already working on
a spoof for who I don't wanna give it
away I'll give you a hint though it's a
black person and there's about three
famous black people so take a guess
alright you guys I love you I'll see you
tomorrow if you have fun hang with me
I'd funny with you and I'll see you
tomorrow bye yo you see the common
tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
you
