are you bored
you're hanging
okay guys it's the first if shinshin a
talk show I mean I mean okay you owe me
you owe okay give me hold me hold me
while I enter dog
Buchan screws hang in there Wow oh my
god he's magic
shit yeah was that plan was that
obviously not on purpose no we would say
what you have said yeah you won't you on
the edge that fashion age that my god
the edge yeah he's practically black
this is perfect you know what y'all did
this the second 100 mega is pregnant
you're black you wouldn't introduce me
to a lot of borderline and they're all
YouTube they're all your um so right now
me and Sean we're making some questions
over there and they're all very very
offensive and dirty and crazy and fun
some of them are depressing and some of
them some of them get real we didn't
bring you interview no they are your
interviews you just like hi my name is
Claudia from pop star magazine Lucas
what kind of bubble gum Neely yeah or
like what's the most romantic thing I've
done for someone oh god you're like
you're like I don't know I text them
back I send a happy face to her eye on
what's the most romantic thing you've
ever done well there was that blowjob
that one time and now when i gargle the
balls you know I care
we got gentlemen in the house I'll do
that to you later
after yeah Oh God look at this fancy
craft services we have we have a bowl of
old nuts and chocolate covered chocolate
cupboards we don't know they're all
different sizes we really don't know
what they're covered in so get it I'm so
we're gonna do the interview was just
luck and garnishes luck which is bad
lights camera feature sex slave I am
here on the set of my brand new talk
show the Sheneneh show oh that was that
was intense
and I'm very excited I just asked a
bunch of questions all the questions are
on the ground what was your favorite
part of the interview
and I gotta save this orphan oh you did
get to save that orphan you heard it
here first people Lucas Cruikshank saves
orphans hashtag Lucas orphans save what
do you think it should be hashtag what
hashtag orphans safer no sounds good to
me
but you have to have your name in it
Lucas saves orphans oh that's what you
do what do you think Shana how do you
think it went
the other two option of one it was a
tact Lucas I would yeah I was expecting
you to say I'm gonna save all the
orphans shanaynay sorry because I'm a
good person I just went to this one
though yeah me too I would have killed
Oliver no problem so I don't know when
this is gonna be up cuz I had added it
so alright I don't know how to edit I'm
black uh-huh
Shane's gonna edit it damn this is gonna
be a long night that was close
alright guys I'm gonna interview some
more people wish me luck wish me luck
wish me luck wish me luck wish me luck
man fuck you okay I guess the second
guest was it's Ashley oh my god oh my
god I'm shaking shaking shaking shaking
she was untrue Jackson she's not like as
good as he has leopard pants on I'm
freaking out how did the interview go it
was amazing I just thought it was the
best interview I've ever done ever
really so much even better than like pop
star magazine and all that though are
the best man y'all be making me cried
you are wearing the same shoes as Lucas
Kirk Jake was like literally the same
shoes that's insane you match the set
very well yeah oh my god yeah just lay
back like that I'll just get in I'm
kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding
how'd you guys think it went I can't see
her Wow Shauna Shauna um open your eyes
Shauna open your eyes open your mouth
think you look more like evidence I see
you yeah how'd it go it was I it oh well
I don't know when this one's gonna be up
either so it's gonna be fun though
Oh check out your Twitter what's your
Twitter link Ashley I go to 9 see you
there what is the 94 I'm at night is my
favorite number
really why because I was born on the 9th
9 is my favorite number 2 well that's
how many STDs I uh I see I mean I have
10 but like that last one
could be it was like highness yeah
really could be misconstrued is like a
call sore yes like on my vagina lick
your mouths crack it up back yeah she
loved black humor donkey that's why she
loved you ejected there you guys have it
Filipino women love black people
well there you go you guys my mom forced
her to sign a headshot where it says she
Nene best interview ever you're amazing
thanks for having me
Ashley a quote that what did you think
of her oh she's beautiful
funny yes way my mom can't me like a
young celebrity girl without like
sounding really creepy no no no any her
mother her mother it's like I wish her
mom and I were like BFF that's awesome I
know you guys can't really see her mom
on camera her mom is the funniest woman
I've ever met in my life
yeah she was amazing and she gave birth
to a beautiful hilarious daughter you
gave birth to a beautiful arias daughter
oh my god you guys I'm gonna frame this
framing this on the shanaynay set right
here it'll stay there forever it already
fell down I'm not doing too good there
we go man I leave y'all alone for one
minute it was and this is what happens
okay which by the way Shawn I never said
this before but that wig looks really
good on you
oh no oh my God look at you
you're aa diva you look like fefe dobson
nobody knows what that is probably but I
know you don't you see playing yeah no
black personnel and Canadian okay that's
why yeah uh weird wait where'd mom go
with your pink wig oh she's back oh no I
use wedgies doesn't my mom look oddly a
lot like Lady gaga did that I think my
mom make missed it and I can see it make
a serious face turn to the side like a
profile serious oh my god actually you
kind of well it's cuz we got that
straight down nose and kind of a larger
mouth say I wanna yeah I want your date
babe she need to take it would say that
alright alright girl so do I need
anything else through this oh you got it
wait what what what just happened we're
just having a Miss this talk yourself
now yep after that yeah
go love
no something singing lessons you got no
you're so really good you're like like
see how hits a high note like yeah
nothing teas
see how I hit that note yeah yeah yeah
like hey de jungle up and down like that
or bye
and you got a vibe from pepper but no
this is vibrato ready he's like break
your bubble literally I'm Adele did she
break her vocal chords from like eating
a big hoagie she was pregnant she ain't
know she was hungry this baby was going
girl she had to eat she damn she was
even four five you know you know I mean
that's Adele plus 8 equals spraining
this fucking big what I was the mic will
that show on China Campbell's oh it's k
+8 in and I said Adele put the hog e
equals emergency room so right now we
are just driving around playing
listening to music you know we had a
very successful day and we're ending it
on a high note we're very excited
thinking about mom's a lot of good
things that happen tonight one of the
things I think it's good I still don't
have a video idea for this thing but you
know what
um the Sheneneh talk show that doesn't
come out for in like a while is working
um when is it good when is it coming out
we don't know it depends what else we're
gonna do with it
like well right now we're kind of doing
interviews blackish shit on the streets
talking both scream now go on the street
she's on the scrape and then I think
it's gonna be like a little opening
bubbling mama I want to do like us like
a Chelsea Handler like round table but
maybe not yet we gotta figure that out
we're way up to that yeah Morgan um I'm
excited you guys another question I know
I've already asked you guys this but I'm
asking you again
who should shanaynay interview like
don't just say celebrities give me ideas
for like maids or clowns or homeless
people I want like random people
celebrity prostitutes oh I don't know
something bad oh actually I do I have
stripper I know somebody free oh no I
got him a phone sex operator phone takes
up in a man mm-hmm okay that'd be good
that'd be good
so leave your guys's comment I will see
you guys pretty soon right now we're
gonna go do a drive-by writing my eat we
did try it bye I'm ready boom
she always written how much she would
Andy whoo y'all it has been a long day
very happy it's over but it was a fun
day so I'm sad it's over
lots of conflicting emotions if you're
wonder what that sound is it's my air
conditioner because I'm a big sweaty
mess right now
so I'm so glad that the day one of the
Sheneneh talk show went well I'm very
excited I didn't say anything too
offensive I didn't make anybody leave in
an angry rush speaking of angry rush I
just found out the other day who Big
Time Rush was very excited had no idea
who they were maybe I'll have him on the
chin a talk show and ask him why their
name sounds like period blood maybe
they'll come I don't know so I was just
thinking it'd be fun if we started like
a campaign to get somebody on the
Shanaya talk-show I feel like I want
either Raven Symone or Paris Hilton and
both of those people are very hard to
reach and I feel like they're not going
to do it maybe if you guys bug them and
I bug them on Twitter they'll do it
so just tweet the shit out of them and
say Shane Dawson once you own the shimmy
talk show please do it please do it
he'll give you sexual favors sell lamb
chop she's all worn out though it's been
a long week right lamb chop speechless
all right you guys I love you I'm gonna
start editing that's what all this all
the talk show it's all right here baby
if I drop it it's all over and my
fingers are sweaty all right I love you
guys hope you have fun hang with me
because I have fun hang with you and
I'll see you tomorrow
wrong City the comments
time Shayne's Facebook wall plan you
might find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls too well
they let their comments now about you
