if you bother stocks you're a lot cuz
English aim today
hey yo hey yo hey yo bitch I know you
want to toss my salad
yeah you know what I mean yeah you want
to get all up in my salad yeah I know
I'm gonna get out of the yellow sadly
yeah I don't think you have a salad I
think if you do there's just covered in
dressing do you not know what this means
is it it was on Oprah when she was
talking about tossing salads with dr. oz
basically means like eating out of that
whole listen Oprah how did she get
canceled I don't know so your salad is
extra cream and the other Jewish
stuffing you have a very creamy salad
bar in a sneeze cover so we are here
you're having a Power Lunch buy power
lunch I mean we're both powerless and
we're trying to figure out how to get
that
we're trying to figure out first of all
one of my videos on my channel got
deleted for being inappropriate
secondly Shauna has almost hundred
thousand subscribers and no video IDs
not 30 you know I'm just day-to-day
struggles with you know eating disorders
and emotional disorders and mental
disorders and Lauren never talks to me
she just text me what are you guys doing
today toss my fucking salad
oh and you guys have to stop okay I
tweeted and I want those like for you
guys send me posters insurance and I'll
sign it and send it back we can't do
that anymore because it's costing me
like thousands of dollars to send you
guys stuff back yeah so don't send me
any more stuff I'll try to like give you
guys shoutouts you can buy a sign shirt
design poster from a company rather than
send it to me and that'll send it back
because I'm going broke mama Sally's
going dry I love you guys so much I'm
gonna heat this vegetables and probably
shit my brains out gosh man it has been
a tough day and make me feel better you
making yourself feel better make me feel
better okay yeah Barbara so we are here
huh hi and we are in front of the
Sheneneh said that is still being made
it's almost done very excited look at
this there's gonna be pictures of
Sheneneh there and there Lauren wanted
pictures of her dirty nasty vagina there
but we the titties in the corner we
nixed that idea
okay so Lauren come out like Sheneneh
would let's see how this looks
the Sheneneh show Dada here she comes
da-da-da-da-da-da Shannon a show who are
you interviewing today da da da da
amazing oh it's getting so you know I'm
so excited were gonna start filming this
tomorrow you guys Lucas Cruikshank a
couple other surprise guests trying to
get jennamarbles hopefully she'll do it
if I you know her enough and I'm excited
you guys this day has been transformed
into a good day
there's sheneneh's lipstick we're gonna
spray-paint that red to match her lips
there's sheneneh's comes in we're gonna
spray any of that to get rid of it and
if you guys look behind see how all this
stuff holding it up this is pretty crazy
pretty legit Shauna's picking her her
feet getting rid of all our corns and
then in here we moved all my costumes in
here is Jared and Sandi moved out so we
kind of took over their bedrooms and
created more there's a green screen
trying to draw my my house into a studio
there's me fat guy and there's Lauren
just a pee have fun
we'll be listening I'll be listening so
it looks very short this year I'm trying
to make more stuff for you guys and I
think this SHINee talk show is gonna be
good and if it's not good I'll just kill
myself
hey you Mir she is so bad you should
write killer stuff okay
window puppies puppies puppies puppies
puppies I'm over here just look over
here I'm right yep no no I'm here no
yeah right here yeah no no I'm right
here nope right here honestly I feel
like Bruce Willis in the sixth sense
like I'm dead I don't know I'm here
they don't care who's over there what
are they looking at oh of course
nobody you're looking at nobody finally
yeah I'm right here
I mean really Charlie fucking hate you
so bad I'm kidding I love you do you
love me
no I see where I stand you're gonna be
you're gonna stay there in prison never
letting you out you're gonna have to
poop and eat in the same place Oh mad
runaway prisoner runaway
yeah honest I'm excited work the system
thing you know all right I got I need
you to bounce because you're dismissed
just gonna count it's gonna be great yo
subscribe man y'all better watch all the
motherfucking time minutes you better
share with every motherfuckers you ever
seen in your condition I'm out of work
I'm gonna press in this corner but you
again e on your own is lame
you know I feel about my food hey yo
sean has subscribed never ends on
friends he changed guess it goes on and
on my friend I'm ready to show you I
have cancer are you sorry for what
remember when we went you're treating
and your mom gave me pennies
yes that's my maybe my mom deserves yeah
and this is what happens to her her
first of all my mom got ran over by a
bus yeah
remember when I'm like trick-or-treating
and your grandma gave me a toothbrush
yes my they don't know what to give
that's why that's another reason that
you should die it's because man laughs
oh stop sit right there you emigrate
okay so what are we doing okay
J of taping of the Sheneneh talk show of
the premier format of the trade banks of
our first of our first guests tomorrow
the first one being this is it are we
gonna say it is on tape I think it's
going to be a Lucas Cruikshank
also known as Fred will not be he's
Lucas we will not be calling him that in
the interview all right is formally
known as race of unknown parties oh no
no I just got shot it's not shut up
leukemia does not give you a chance to
knock okay I'll be in my trailer
my trailer Lauren's done she's done oh
you know it's hot out here for a pimp
when you make a videos on the internet'
and you got a bunch of Jews working for
you and your best friends up raise their
black bitch it was up you guys it is the
end of the night thank god there's been
the longest day of my life and it's
finally coming to an end tomorrow is a
Sheneneh talk show
day one I'm very very nervous and
freaking yeah I'm shaking and then this
week we got a bunch of other stuff we're
filming so it's gonna be a crazy week
send me a lot of fun hopefully to watch
if not I'm sorry don't watch you should
probably watch because at some point
shot is gonna show her tits okay
at every point shot it's gonna short
it's so question of the day um regarding
the Sheneneh talk show I'm trying to
figure out who her sidekick should be
like you know Chelsea has Chewie so
here's the choices I either want she
named a sidekick to be a talking puppet
or a mentally retarded person so that is
a question which one do you want um and
if you don't like either of those leave
an idea do you want it to be like a
c-list celebrity do you want it to be
one of my characters do you want it to
be one of my family members who do you
want Jen a sidekick to be so that's a
question of that all right you guys hope
you have fun hang with me I have fun
hang with you and I'll see you tomorrow
or not because I'm driving and vlogging
you know probably kill myself so I will
see you in heaven but probably hell
because I mean karate jutsu by my side
Reyes does a very intense ending I'm
sorry for scaring you guys let me be
slower with it I love you goodbye
now that was just creepy Steve a comment
on Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well you let
that comment now about you
