I'll be there in about alarms is there
working everywhere
Oh
right
the reporters
Oh puppies puppies puppies puppies
puppies puppies ooh I don't know
oh well puppies puppies puppies Debbie
puppies
that's a weird huh I'll shut up poppy
we're here at my house because a Lisa
wants or has to do or not ask you but
wants to do a live show today yeah and
I'm gonna be on it guest hosting
probably dressed up in a penis costume
and she's gonna be talking about what
are you doing your live show um I just
sit there and stared everyone for about
an hour
perfect I will be giving relationship
advice because you know I I'm just the
mastered that yeah he's a pro um and
then I think Shauna will probably join
us at some point because heard my mom or
at church right now hopefully some kind
of a Tyler Perry style church very
excited to see how my mom experienced
that and then we're gonna go eat
something and that's a rundown of the
whole day yeah
and vlog is over bye kidding I'll see
you guys soon guess who's back black
again I guess you bet guess who play
area zoo black why you so scared son Oh
the live show you've never done one of
these I'll get you I'll get you some
food treat her like a big like a big
black baby six take arctic white can one
she running she riding Kimiko gotta go
gotta go come on
hey guys I have a special guest today
okay oh you can't see anyone I just have
my glasses on so are they are these
I think they all know you hi do you guys
know who this is yes everyone does oh oh
I can't see like how many way good find
mama man I'll be right back there why so
faith live shoes are their terrifying in
exuse yeah yeah I got that I got there
you know you know what you got to do to
you scatter run in there say a bunch of
events of things and then they'll kick
you off I just came from church I can't
wash my Jesus off that quick you've been
like three four days yeah Jesus just
fall out brazen table out here like a
loofah you know you that Jesus man oh
come on
I'm sorry Jesus I'm really good that's a
lie Sunday brunch in oh yeah that's a
good shit wait those are just a normal
ones you got to try the uh-oh here never
spots above oh that's a buzz up in there
in the office all right mama come help
her bring all the shit out I'll be out
here I'll feel like airing all that all
right let's go Lisa's life shows can be
exciting you guys whoo real important
questions going on right now I'm coming
right now the cutest kid in the world
wait who is this Avery Buddhist be who
dis be Avery Avery Avery isn't that it's
the one thing that got me trippin
tripping hits the one thing oh that's a
Marie Hey you live in Compton oh my god
lock your door lock your door
lock your door I'm just kidding Compton
is actually not as bad as it seems it
isn't is it that bad yeah you did that
face that face ha ha ha a cutie is like
that face I'm so cute maybe not legal
you have a look up she is tryna get your
man Avery look I ain't free yes whale is
where do you live Avery Oh
she deserved a you know hair but you
know get it not hurt feelings yeah sure
come to my he's adorbs you're totes
adorbs oh my god she can't sound white
if she try
let's see you soon I'm legit crying
right now Ahana is a sexy beast this
shit makes me racist well is it cuz I'm
door excuse me so I just showed shine on
my breasts Trent dance man would you
think I mean I shouldn't be you got me a
black cheerleader you a black and you
know if you guys don't remember the
bruster spread dance I mean okay let me
I'll do a recap for I'll do a recap real
quick alright ready okay now shadow tell
me Brussels sprouts ready hey Shane then
Brussels browser ad every morning wake
up I get me some that's the black shirt
oh boy Shauna said that she has her own
version right get up de dooda remix this
bottle here
yo we trying to teach out sure to eat
y'all vegetable on me oh my gosh alright
yo Shona hey Shona your eggplant ready
harder than it looked
yeah that was good though yeah you're
cut claptrap and Gregor get my egg back
damn BC do you have an impressive
you need a dance I don't know your total
vegetable girl get that tofu oh shit is
also a lawyer I love my mom it I love my
to mommy they gotta do some chest action
in them I love my edamame my intimate
how are you single I don't get it I
don't know
and the day is over let me make a
beautiful sandwich here oh my god wait
Shani get the middle there we go oh it's
like a beautiful roast beef sandwich
ah nom nom not yeah my mom just lazy
never stops laughing around Shana never
for three oh Sh
my mom is like so like confused by black
people she just can't all she can is
black all you do is laugh see your mom
is just laughing me don't you love me my
team mama teatro la Roca she sa yeah
okay yeah yes yes
so so you went to church with me but how
did he preach where you come from
I'll see we put a little bit more energy
in Jamaica yeah so like today it was um
a church it wasn't it was nice he said
you know and with Matthew what the
message of Jesus is trying to do with
the parables and he's just like he's
talking to a like church like I haven't
yet regular chart what I'm more
accustomed to is and the Lord said would
you go out and you commit
let's sin know that you are in the wrong
somebody show yes that's what I need I
need to be sedated yes you want from a
black church you want to get sedated and
you want to pray your car don't get
broken into
that's why I was right there I'll walk
you out for Jesus I'll walk with you
walk on water see that right oh yes how
I need my body
Oh laughing just laughing all right you
guys we are home we went out to dinner
had some sensual talk at the dinner
table mainly talks about my farts and my
financial problems because I'm terrible
at writing down what I spend I think I
spent uh five thousand dollars at lush
that's my lunch box I'm kidding um and
also I forgot to show you guys this I
came home from the Canadia trip and look
what Lisa did he said miss you and in
all the animals are sitting there
waiting for me it was supposed to say
welcome home but I ran out of paper so
I'm back like half that welcome school
dad oh look a cilantro he missed me wait
where's uh where's Alberto what's his
name
Alfredo how afraid it was Alfredo he's
in bed he does not miss me oh well so I
I'm gonna get some more work done
um I'm finishing editing an ass Shane
let me switch to a different camera
angle this is terrible there we go
that's better
um I'm gonna finish editing some stuff
so tired tomorrow's gonna be a fun day
we got a we're making the Sheneneh talk
show set we're finishing bad I have a
voice lesson ah um filming some stuff
with Shana fingering Lauren peace is not
supposed to talk about that um oh you're
kidding okay as long as I'm fisting you
hmm
yeah so it's gonna be fun so I hope you
guys have a question today um what
should our next animal be we already
have it we have a giraffe a hippo a seal
and a lion watch the next one be leave a
comment that would be at funny with us I
am fighting with you and we will see you
tomorrow and I'm gonna take a shower I
promise
this is gonna be cleaned tomorrow I
promised how'd you guys love you bye ah
leave a comment on Shane's Facebook wall
plan you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls too well let their comments
now
