I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
a horse and carrots we're officially in
Canada or a dream nightmare I don't know
where we are definitely a nightmare I'm
gonna eat that horse I'm so hungry I
could eat you everybody in other
languages we got to get out of here
water fire ice so we are here at what
looks to be a prison and a sewer the
prettiest prison I've ever seen in my
life that looks like some place where
Batman hides all the stop signs here say
our art Jarrett and this is Park so
that's it I'm ready to go I'm ready to
go back to the hotel you know I'm ready
for air conditioning all this all this
beauty and whatever the fuck that is
crazy straws I'm just kidding by the way
you guys were so nice a Canadian descent
is not you guys watching guys Rascals
all these Canadians have been coming out
to market so nice like in LA sometimes
like I'll get like a big black girls
around to give me a fork a picture yeah
and I take a picture with their and
she's like I thought your last video
wasn't as funny oh my god sounds good do
next to the prison I'll end up going
there right afterwards there I'm an
amputee and I want to be made into
ballerina what do you want to be made
into Lauren I wanna be made into one of
those higher acts where you can go over
Niagara Falls and a wire I feel like
that was a real dream and that makes me
sad I mean hell guess what's you guys
Windom plea me and Lauren are gonna be
in an episode of made on MTV if we don't
get edited out I think honestly I think
Lauren might could edit it out no there
was this really funny kid and he was
trying to get made into a stand-up
comedian and then at the inner they like
we sat down with them and talk to them
about internet on and comedy on the
internet and whatever and I was giving
him tips and stuff I was like don't say
the N word unless you're around a black
person and don't wear pink shirt because
I can't and I'm jealous
so that's kind of how that way um so I
don't know when that's gonna be honor if
we're still gonna be on it when it makes
the final edit oh all right well that's
pretty soon actually that's kind of cool
guys what if we're not made right right
right no big deal we're just major and
now we're on our way to go to a comedy
show I'm very excited about because it's
all black all night it is the bTW comedy
show which means it's just gonna be
black any bag anybody me oh my god my
skin is melting I'm so nervous so
excited Lauren's never been to a black
show like this before have you Lauren
well know that that's watches my fingers
they're like really forgiving like like
Apollo like you know they're really like
we want to see you succeed and if you
don't succeed will laughing of
embarrassing last night we took pictures
in the photo booth and I forgot to vlog
it but it was a me Lauren and fortune
who you guys met the other day and that
is how we looked oh my fucking god why
do people think I'm gay no clown dressed
as Aunt Hilda it's like they knew I was
coming
okay music so does not match your
personality at all weights of smooth
jazz or some
no this is just sex rocks like a problem
sex rock and roll baby Thunder sounds
are natural when I say that you tell
everybody ruin or black show right now
yeah we're on our way I'm very excited
but if I can vomit
perfect that means we're on our way to
the blood show I don't even know what
that means it's like it's not even
racist this is confusing like this show
is gonna be oh my god oh my god oh my
god we need to go here oh my god oh my
god oh my god what the fuck is this why
is that naked model have my hair cut oh
my god everybody's wearing suspenders
there's party gifts and their crotches
wait oh my god Lauren this is your place
this is your place that looks this is my
life and like five years there's you
okay she was rinsing her hands club soda
here we go oh my god I'm so excited
here we go guys it's the urban nasty
show oh my god I'm so excited so excited
I'm shaking and say I'm wet and drenched
we're here everybody oh my god you can't
really see but Lauren is dancing right
white
I really crazy LL Cool J movie and I
hope I stay around for the sequel yeah
oh my god yes yes yes
sippin on edge Oh God we're gonna be
kicked out so quick
in the black boys
all right you guys we just got out of
the comedy show and let me just tell you
on the inside oh yeah obviously a little
bit on the outside no honestly those are
my people that was the funniest show I
had seen and Seana it's gonna be out
there next year if my I'm gonna make
that happen make that happen Lord yes so
now we're on to another comedy show
perfect its cultural night people then
we've got a gay show late night oh good
god where's a Mexican show
Oh perfect whoa hey what's up you guys
I'm using my laptop right now because my
phone died you know meaning blowing up
my mom's been texting me all day I mean
can do that she's terrified she thinks
it's just like Degrassi she's like oh my
god is there aids everywhere is there
pregnant teenage girls running their car
into street signs and I'm like yes and I
love it it has been a crazy weekend and
I'm very ready to go home I'm very very
tired I it is like 5:00 in the morning I
have not slept or showered or pooped
I get vacation poop if you guys don't
know what that is it's basically like
when you're away from your house like
your butt closes up and I mean my butt
is always closed girl my butt is always
open for business
my butt is always closed and right now
it's extremely close so I need to take a
fat dumpy on hopefully on the plane
where does it drop off to like where
does it go think about it um so question
of the day what celebrity would you be
too afraid to walk up to and take a
picture with because today I saw so many
celebrities and I was terrified to walk
up to any of them I walked up to a few
and I was excited to meet but I was
terrified Chelsea Handler like I bumped
into her I felt terrible I almost
knocked a drink out of her hand but I
don't think she noticed I was too scared
to go up to her and say hi I was too
afraid to go up to Caroline Rhea aka
Aunt Hilda from Sabrina the Teenage
Witch was her name and Hilda ah did I
steal that name oh my god plagiarism
anyways who is the celebrity that you
would be too afraid to go up to I know
most of you guys are probably gonna say
a Miley Cyrus but cuz I was too afraid
to go to her but now that I look back I
should probably have gone up to her
right no she would have punched me the
face all right you guys I love you I
will see you back in LA I hope you had
fun hang with me cuz I had fun hang with
you and I'll see you tomorrow
crazy face
yeah look at those teeth
speaking of Miley Cyrus right why do I
keep doing this I really like Miley
Cyrus why do I keep making stupid jokes
that aren't even funny about Miley Cyrus
oh yeah cuz it's really easy
alright I love you guys love you Miley
Cyrus I promise I love you if I ever see
you in person
okay
