I need a vacation chained awesome his
new single is on iTunes now get your
copy today
perfect just in time for Mexican fiesta
and we thought we would California I
thought I left Long Beach a long time
ago and I feel like it's like a protest
like their protest
no they're definitely protesting
something but they're doing in a fun way
like if you're gonna have to protest
even like you're gonna have a protest
you might as well have a fiesta so we're
on our way to breakfast I'm pissed off
Laurens making me walking him walk so we
can see some frickin culture see some
culture and walk out the French fries
that I encouraged myself last night and
we're talking about it which by the way
I finished Hunger Games oh you did what
do you think um first of all it was
terribly directed and terribly edited my
acting was good but rest with yourself
in terms of how well you parried eat
it's considered you've never seen it
yeah it's like my parody was fun um that
baby looks like Hitler anyways um so yes
I thought it was kind of job I don't
know like it was okay like the acting
was good the story was okay but she said
it was kind of dumb it's a way videos I
was terrified like and then I looked it
up on Wikipedia as I always do and it
made like seven hundred million dollars
but it looked like it costed five
dollars to make it look like a CW
special and like the blood was really
shitty and like when the black girl died
like she was obviously still alive I've
seen a black girl die that was not real
it's really cheery asking a black girl
that's terrible Long Beach everybody
lovely day two of our food adventures
people experience I've actually been
really impressed by that I wish I got
sick bagel covered in what looks like
whipped cream good disgusting oh this
place smells like beans and I like beans
beans probably cuz I've hardly seen and
Diet cover I brush my teeth with this
this morning alright so me and Lauren
are about to go to my panel I'm
terrified
nobody's gonna show up the last one went
really well surprise well and nobody
really cares about YouTube so nobody's
gonna bet I mean the one before this is
like all about the big TV people it's
gonna be like Shane no and then I'm
gonna bomb nobody's gonna laugh I'm
gonna vomit and diarrhea all over myself
I just hit my hip so hard on the metal
pool you didn't see that but I think I
just lost all feeling in my legs
we're walking
my god I mean to be seen those crazy-ass
kids on morning long Jeana Shane is one
of the original YouTube bloggers and has
shown enormous longevity and is seen
where people often the last that long
shane has been one of the top 5 most
subscribed channels on youtube for at
least the last four or five years I am
first of all terrified and I mean Grey's
backstage outside at the same time we're
gonna shit our pants so get your
camera's out cuz you too can be viral
stars at that clip please welcome our
panelists we have a great panel here
assembled for you
associate I think the best thing to
start with is how do people get started
since you're one of the earliest YouTube
stars do you want to talk to us a little
bit about how you got started on YouTube
well basically I was trying to be an
actor and I wasn't getting any any roles
because everybody's like you could play
the depressed email gauge suicidal
teenager and I was like I'm going to
company so I decided to make my own
YouTube channel and nobody was really
watching YouTube at the time and I felt
well maybe if I did my crazy stuff I do
at high school maybe people will start
watching and I don't want to look like a
year and I got a little community of
people and I just kind of grew and I
just kept it up every Saturday for four
or five years however long it's been
tried not to miss away and try to keep
pushing out the content and I think it's
consistency you know keeping up and then
during one time I would just make videos
with all my old women co-workers and
channels they are like well they're not
they don't like me too much anymore
because Jenny Craig saw one of the
videos fired all of us um this is really
rough great video fireballs and then I
got partnered by YouTube the next day
and I'm like thank you God like oh my
god sorry for the other people but thank
you so how's your old lady's pluralist
on this so I decided to be a full-time
youtuber and uh see you know I was doing
unemployment and I was a security guard
while I was on unemployment for an
aquarium a lot with crime don't you
people want to steal starfish No
it's a good drug if you lick one of the
sea animals if you get really high I
don't know I've never done it but I had
a guard everywhere I'm in Los Angeles a
front for the mob just like not much
everyone on Long Beach aquarium is a
front for the Crips Bloods so I think I
got a scientific gangsters too you know
let's turn aquarium so yeah so then I
have my videos and then they people want
to do I don't know why but they did I
don't know this for a fact but it's a
lot of teenagers and a lot of college
kids or people that like us maybe don't
really have that much of a life so so if
you may if you active you not act but if
you are their friend if you talk to them
if you answer them and if you reply to
them sometimes on Twitter or you accept
video responses or you know sometimes
I'll integrate like their video response
if this twelve-year-old girl will say
something funny I'll put in my video it
makes them feel like they're not alone
and that's really cheesy but I think
that's kind of my motto is I just want
these kids to feel like you know I'm
taking them away from their shitty lives
for like five minutes and they're my
friend and I care so if you're you know
if you're like a TV competing you're on
TV show you want to make a youtube
channel I think like you said I think
showing a different side of yourself and
also showing that you're real person
that you want to talk to them and you
think they're funny too and you're
taking inspiration from them well a lot
of the early success on YouTube were
people talking into the camera bloggers
like having a direct conversation with
the other as many you've done some of
that and you also do a lot of narrative
sketches and things like that you can do
music as well is there anyone in
particular that you've had more
successful is than other ones I don't
know I think my channel on YouTube is
kind of in
variety show and I think I started the
first couple years just talking directly
to camera and saying crazy stuff and I
think I kind of earned you know that I
can do other things and people aren't
mad at me for like if I do a music video
and it's not funny and it's more serious
like I've built a group of people that
actually care about it and want to watch
it and I think it's hard I think in the
beginning you got to really set a format
and not really straight too much but
then you know couple years later you get
a little bored you want to spice up yeah
yeah all right you guys the panel just
ended and oh my god it went well
oh my god we got Daily Grace was there a
big boys there feeling great grace is
one my favorite people yeah um went
really well and people laughed and there
was like big people in the audience like
people from like Comedy Central don't
worry guys so um Shane did say the first
thing I'll he said here on stage is like
I just did backstage I'm gonna take a
shit my pants I I don't always see the
thing was I was leading that to a joke
and then he cut me off I know I was
pissed I was gonna make a joke about how
like I can't believe people weren't
laughing at you know me AB you see a
child on camera and he cut me off
oh wow all his fault sauce not yours
tell him very well Lauren has an anxiety
control medicine she didn't even need it
there's my diarrhea medication she's
tyria medication and she has you stole
my party of five DVDs wait did you watch
them what are you doing is you're mine
tragedy also now we're gonna go out go
to dinner I think I'm gonna see the
Muppets tonight uh I'm gonna see Chelsea
Handler at some point right come on
I mean totes this is big deal you guys
Shane's like time no okay we're at a
conference with this big time people
yeah yeah and then I Mad Men change so
like it's like big time and the way
here's a question though like if it's
like what does that mean me that makes
you guest of dig up little time boom hey
what's up you guys so we did not get
into the Muppet Show
good thing I have my own Muppet right
here okay Hannah Perez I look like a
Fraggle
oh my god it's somebody screenshot that
better next door Drago make my day
so now we're gonna watch the new faces
of comedy I'm very excited Tony
Cavallaro you guys know his fan from my
archive oh gosh we forgot they knew him
you know he's gonna be here I'm gonna
try to film some of it I'm not gonna be
able to but I'm gonna try we have one of
Lauren's friends for change what intense
and I like it she's one of the funniest
people in the whole world and she was
standing next to an air vent earlier and
I just kept blowing her hair and she
should be the most emotion she really
made the most of it I really worked it
I'm a hair model so we're gonna be
really critical and judged this comedy
show right
Tony's gonna be terrible I heard you
know
Jesus communitary wherever there's a bar
there she is like a moth to a flame
a delicious intoxicating alcohol is
playing dad it's David Lee's but they
were youtuber in the world in the guy's
face
there's youtubers are at a minimum here
like fucking it's fun it is us we're us
against the world
let's band together against all these
like actual successful people
that are actual stand-up comedian to
perform in front of real human by her
safe and breathless machine oh my god
well you did
you tell the dummy
I have it on film they saw that I set a
drink tale
our vowel my bow
we heard you guys we both shit together
leaving all the time
high five all right you guys it is the
end of the night Lauren just took a
massive shit in my bathroom uh how was
the shit house every way there was this
old like stand up downstairs I cannot
remember her name she's not old but she
was like really big when I was younger
she kind of came up with Rita Rudner
Burroughs she she liked me
she's like the lip so she nobody knows
what you're talking about
come on you know who Rita Rudner is
don't you Lisa yeah thank you she was
like that same vein same type of girl
she's not Rita Rudner but she had these
like lips so she like I feel loved
watching by the way you're not helping
with the screen cap pages Lauren is if
you guys look at large Twitter which I'm
sure you're following her you guys have
been screen capping the ugliest faces
she ever makes and putting like captions
it's the funniest thing ever wait while
I'm blogging find one find the funniest
Wendy of your phone find out what it is
awful like Jamie finally uh Lisa's here
she's ending the night with me hi and
guess who else here Shana we have in
photoshopping Shana all day taken all
day there's like six other pictures like
this her backgrounds going to be kind of
like a yearbook and this picture is
going to say most likely to stab a bitch
with her shoe so we have a bunch of
other pictures like that and then that's
about it that's about all we did and now
I'm gonna go to sleep and Lauren is
gonna look like that no I go to the
women's ism' it's like thing about Jude
st. you choose the hospital that's a
core hit they'll find it no fine no no
no no no you have to find out oh my god
you want me to donate to st. Jude eggs
all right you guys I love you hope you
had fun hanging with us we have my name
with you
goodbye Shana
leave a comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls -
well let their comments now about you
