I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
traveling traveling the same shoe same
nozzle slim.i wall blah blah blah we are
on our way to movie I know I bet you're
gonna yeah there you go there you go oh
yeah I am not in the mood to be on a
plane oh I'm angry I'm irritable I do
not love LA
we're gonna get everything to everything
you're not getting chilly I'm sitting
next you on a plane for six hours no
chill we're going for this comedy
festival which is weird because I'm not
sunny so I guess
oh speaking of not funny Joan Rivers I'm
kidding Ellis I only loved her but she
hates herself as much as I hate myself
this is my life you guys see how people
are like I miss the old Shane me too
I miss the old Shane who didn't have
Lauren
you're gonna do
I don't think I can so I'll just show
you guys this that's sad
that's just the ground very exciting
we're still on it if you've never been
not really I took three anxiety because
I'm off the ground baby and then I said
sorry I'm not gonna see you in the same
place
I don't think Jews have a heaven do that
no what do you guys have like a pity
party Oh Connie duh Oh Oh what the fuck
is that that is a huge inflatable woman
right next to a huge inflatable bottle
it's Lauren hey guys so I am in my hotel
room we just got to Canada Lauren is
taking her panties off in the other room
she'll be here soon and I am so tired
and so nauseous I hate planes
I watched the Hunger Games finally fell
asleep
so I woke up and there was a bunch of
dead teenagers just like my everyday
life and now I am investigating the room
seeing what they have here anything
interesting hopefully that's a hidden
camera
hopefully that's porn hopefully that's a
Bible all my necessities hey Mira Shane
guess what we're doing right now going
crazy in the hotel room no we are
skyping with leaving Joffrey oh my god
the first thing I do when I get here is
just wish I was back home I miss Yusa
but Jeffrey's still smiling does he
really miss me Oh that's why he's
smiling evil evil Geoffrey would you
witch Fe say no Jeffrey's teaming up
with Mira Shane to ruin my life
wait what if it's mirrored Joffrey oh my
mind is blown well that happened
Oh Oh screaming yelling it's not for us
this screaming yelling still yeah like
they're yelling hey Congrats on eating
all that food so fast we got to this
restaurant the lady's like we're closing
in five minutes and me and Lauren are
like challenge accepted that she showed
up her French and then we ate so much
food I'm gonna bomb me I'm gonna die
like that used to be a mound of french
fries we got salads for dinner very
healthy diet coke pause and then there's
some weird festival going on here have
no idea what's happening everything's in
French everybody's drunk everybody's
nice cuz it's Canada it's the opposite
of LA
who's drunk comedians and Lauren what
you drinking they're all sick pretty
with my type Pepsi
what I'm sorry you talking
we're here at the bar I'm uncomfortable
whatever seat and I gave you a diet
you do baby Beldar he can go right
upstairs he's fine
she's locked me in here I'm terrified
mommy like awkward comedians hear it so
it's
really uncomfortable and awkward what
you doing you know chillin at the
Holiday Inn who you with Dolly Parton
and a couple of friends my boss hey my
jokes are getting weak because I'm very
very tired and I need to go to sleep but
my rhymes are getting stronger right
nope okay so I am gonna go to sleep
tomorrow I'm talking on a panel which
I'm nervous about because we're at a
comedy festival and like my stuff is not
funny Shawn nervous and they don't
really understand YouTube I don't think
because everybody hears like Hollywood
you know Chelsea Handler so Seth
MacFarlane all these big comedians and
Here I am like some little YouTube kid
like so hopefully hopefully hopefully it
doesn't go terrible Lauren is hoping it
goes terrible just for a funny story for
the plane ride home but I'm nervous
wish me luck you guys I'm really really
scared keep your titties crossed alright
you guys I love you hope you had fun
hang with me - hang with you and I will
see you tomorrow comment
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
