I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
lights camera we are here doing the
photo shoot for Shauna's channel layout
very excited it's like a poster of Glee
wait show me your your Glee face perfect
oh my god okay so you're gonna have to
act like you don't want to kill yourself
very happy very non like yourself okay
oh there we go perfect cut cut cut
Lauren is sitting over here looking like
she wants to kill herself it's not about
you like one day you'll have a channel
one day we'll take pictures of you not
today but one day you probably before
that there's a few other people I'd
killed before you don't worry about
you're number five I'm hoping she
doesn't fuck this up because you know
did some money don't waste my money
bitch what a lady what a dignified lady
such a fine lady
do I look like a lady
I didn't mean you look like a dude by
the way superwoman oh my god this is
happening everybody this is happening so
what's your tagline
she learns well she
are you nervous I concur Wonder Woman oh
we all saw it
alright Shawna that's it it's a wrap how
do you feel all right guys I'm gonna
kill myself
I'm so tired I have a wig on my lap what
is my life
I'm Blu Abu Diab ooh die power play Babu
by AB movie Babu blind our dog dog dog
it's because I sold under the worst a
song 12 years later I have no idea um I
have on my way back home from Shauna's
photo shoot and I am wearing a blue wig
because it's Shauna's wig and I felt
black today well I feel black every day
but today I felt black and blue well I
feel black and blue every day I get
beaten at Lisa no um I am on my way home
because I have to pack me and Lauren are
going to keep around uh for a couple
days or a few days I think for this
comedy festival call just for laughs and
I'm gonna be on a panel where I'm gonna
be talking about YouTube and comedy and
I don't fucking know stuff like that I
think I'm gonna be on the panel with
Daily Grace and a couple of the
youtubers and also like Seth MacFarlane
is gonna be there Chelsea and there's
gonna be there lots of cool people are
gonna be there so I'm gonna try to vlog
all of it I'm gonna try to get all up on
chewie you know what I'm sorry I'm oh my
god I'll bring Chewie back for Shana
when they be cute together little
chocolate Chewie so since I am gonna go
home and pack and then hit the sack
they just hit that SEC I decided to show
you guys some deleted scenes today
because this vlog will be kind of short
without them so here's some deleted
scenes from my birthday party there was
a lot of stuff that happened that you
guys didn't see so here is some crazy
disgusting terrifying birthday chaos
waits a welcome day of my oh yes good
for one free oh here I'll take half of
it
you know if you move down just a little
bit just a little will counted for
Christmas more and only Pam would have
this picture that knows her background
yes I would never change girls okay wait
what are you doing
Aimee eating it what see me eating does
not what you need this the comic a girl
does not want me eating cupcake
thanks Ron hey cut the cake girls okay I
don't should I get you like a paper
towel at a time now oh my god Wow holy
shit is it bad that I'm just picturing
Amy castles titty no hold it happy
birthday to me
you're so turned on right now it's
making me really uncomfortable you're
gonna slip good job congratulations
l could give me ten minutes I don't
think we need to mouths a question of
the day what is your favorite place
you've ever traveled to mine is probably
gonna be Canada because I really haven't
gone anywhere else so if you could
travel anywhere where would it be all
right guys I'm going to crash you might
find yourself
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls to let their comments
