hey what's up you guys a chain I am so
excited to let you know that smiley the
new movie directed by totally sketch
that I'm in is coming to theaters and on
demand October 11th and it would mean
the world to me if you would preorder it
go to smiling movie calm you can get a
chance to see it in a theater near you I
just really hope you guys like the movie
and I hope it scares the shit out of you
it scared you good because right now we
are about to go into a screening of
smiley okay you guys I do not like
horror movies because I win
so I'm actually like frightened but no
it's not listen uh well I haven't
actually seen it so I can't say it's
gonna be really really scary it's not
gonna be scary at all no you're not
gonna pure bitch probably gonna poop my
pants
she might bleed a little bit no you're
gonna be fine
probably not but that's because of my
farts ah last night his farts were hmm
they were hmm he also woke me up at 4:00
in the morning to tell me a joke and I
laugh - laughs - laughs at 4:00 in a
body oh I'm so funny I know so we are
very excited because it's gonna be a
screening with my mom and Jared and his
fiancee come on like horror movies no no
she loves him and totally sketch and
Kate and Shana and uh other people I
think I don't know I'm very I'm nervous
I'm acting what if they don't like my
acting I mean I'm gonna be afraid of
your acting oh no this is scary I've
been acting this whole time she doesn't
know so he doesn't know fuck all right
kate is waiting in her car dude dude
dude dude
ah I was gonna scare you
Oh scarier is how much you just farted
before you fuck that why you stomp your
foot really hard know what Kart is like
a three-minute mark it was really it was
like a song that's beautiful you don't
know young Oh ready for a movie
are you guys ready to scream Kathy
Griffin I I dressed in hopes who knows I
like I might meet somebody right now
there he is only a comfortable man
I'd better cuz it was about 30 minutes
oh all right here it's totally scared
glad I had a dollar not a parking lot
how are you I'm good hello dia oh and
brave okay I don't know that's that's
not right I don't know your day
are you excited we're gonna watch your
movie hey guys sean is gonna see it
you'll see all her beautiful moments
yeah look at him just hugging everybody
are you how beautiful he is mmm gorgeous
hair his hair touched my face and it
felt like a beautiful award-winning dog
Lisa - Lisa and Lisa you gotta sell me
talk to the camera sorry
we were a nice husband or just a man mr.
Issa got a dress she looks good in
dresses she loves long walks in the
beach kids out there if you have a dad
that's interested we're just you know a
guy on the street that's interested you
can tweet her at Teresa yah I don't know
dad I want a dad Dan you have to like
animals I have every dogs - gasps you
need to like races trip by the way yeah
and by the way muffins threw up right in
front of me today I cleaned it up she's
ready for a man ah look who's here it's
Lauren and a few
look at her she put on makeup why look
at this look at those eyes look at those
eyes we're good look at those legs look
at those legs that's getting creepy
look who's here everybody introduce
yourself this is the first time pop emo
emo yeah what's your real name
Olivia her name is Kendall am I not
supposed to say that is that code name
her name is Kendall and she's amazing
and uh we're best friends and um what
else no just you would you are we
allowed to say what you do yeah she's a
prostitute
and she no she works for this awesome
movie company and she's letting us use
her screening room today for smiling
very excited you've already seen it what
how did you like it now it's my second
time I loved it how did I do
you're amazing just because she's good
at her job now it's good prostitute
making the guy feel real good about
stuff like that
you don't know just fuck oh well no wait
was your friend I don't my big black
friend where'd she go Shauna no no oh
she's too famous for us now with her
almost 50,000 subscribers and no video
again we've created a channel for her
today yeah gave her a shot
she's 50,000 scarves and nobody girl
good luck just put up a video of you
laughing
keep subscribing Yahoo are you gonna do
a mention that's what I'm saying look at
my face oh great
so Lauren has brought us lots of little
baby alcohol bottles mm makes have in
effect getting drunk during this night
when they're so cute though I raise it a
Hilton like minibar Oh God smiley let's
get drunk
James should agree remember some words
yeah no ego in front of us it go in
front of us and say some words come on
this is promoting your movie right plug
plug plug plug what was your favorite
part about making this movie having shot
in the back yeah a good answer um yes
she unblurred and I started becomes
about her exactly no so yeah what you're
about to see is a cut we're still doing
the final kind of magic to it
Oh boring just finish it so feel free to
give notes recipe videos oh good to know
I always have a lot of repentence it's
like Rocky Horror Picture Show
perfect
oh I'm sorry sorry you're right
yeah a minute that uh party right Ashley
wait for it wait for it wait for it okay
all right all right that's a title okay
okay yeah
scary that's really bright he's faster
it's very everybody good job Shana
you did good girl every time you pop
them behind man that was a good ship way
to diffuse a very dramatic moment I'm a
bearish honest hey yo Shana smiley uh
Wow
totally sketch you've totally made a
movie I'm such an asshole I just gave
him a note I'm sure I gave him a note
um so yeah so everybody's smiling
fucking the October 11th bitch yes you
can see it in the movie theaters or at
your home you better come to the movie
theater you can get tickets house
playing in like places it's playing
places all over relax all over the US
yeah you guys want to go to the website
what am i wouldn't worry what are we
doing premiere what are we wearing
what are we wear what am I wearing Oh
guys we should randomly show up at some
screen somewhere no I will for sure are
you kidding me yeah I'm gonna be there
we should dress up as smiley and uh yeah
so we met unity that's here okay all
right so right now I'm in the parking
lot of a restaurant and I have to find
Shauna because of course she's fucking
lost again where in the world is Shauna
Malcolm and it's nighttime so it's like
I can't see anything including Sean and
Malcolm oh never mind here she comes
where in the world is Shanna Malcolm do
you know what that's reference to where
in the world is Carmen send a year you
knew the head on Jamaica they haven't
they it was coming so get up but we just
answered in the hood that's why nobody
goes on oh you're here like you're like
she working that's where she is
so you just how smiling how did it feel
to see yourself on screen the whole
movie well cuz you're an extra and
you're in the entire thing I kept
popping up in random fucking place you
kept popping up like any time some scare
happen there you be you know what I feel
as though they
spoiler alert I should have been Mike
nope that's what Lisa said in court
she's like Sean should've been the
killer and then at the end it'd be a
montage of like oh wow Shauna watching
everything exactly and then everybody's
like it totally makes sense
oh my god oh you're always the killer
yeah yo guess where we are guys
no not Michael Jackson's house we are at
we are in the black she's getting better
you couldn't be more right no no
entrance holy sketch said that this is a
Bach Cheesecake Factory I didn't believe
me your girlfriend works here somebody
said by your like literally he was like
over my girlfriend or something seven
and the Russian I was like ah so then we
come here not be the Moses Ben there's
no shadows around this one whether he
wanted us over gosh we're watching oh we
walk in and it's litter all right yeah
I've never done this is where they'll
landing on the other place I've seen
more but Jesus Christ I'm sorry that
light is brightest women the owner
abilities hope to see more black people
in and together is Jamaica prison and
Slauson swap this is your demographic
totally sketch these are the people that
are gonna see a movie did you like the
shaping
the shaking I'm very excited by getting
diarrhea from this vendor Shana got pot
roast cheese fries what is that right
pick another granite flight-ready
real clear look on the side looking sign
oh my god I handed that's my is that it
literally a sticker by right that's a
melted sticker one actually that is a
piece of butter oh my oh it's a god you
better purge don't don't purge I don't
believe in it I keep everything with me
yes I mean I can get this bigger my
purse Hacha everything hurting it's
pathetic
sadly though that's probably more
calories than that I know right this is
sad there then literally there were
three sticks of butter in there
no coming from the bitch I got pot roast
cheese fried and lastly there's some
panel Oh Adam I am Wow we survived the
smiley attack you survived I was scared
oh my god that was a lot of effort
forehead I know well it was actually
just a fart not a poop okay um so very
excited had some food talked about the
movie I'm so excited you guys it's so
cool I'm in a movie I'm in a movie
excited for me no I'm actually very very
excited and you were fantastic in it and
there's lots of fun youtubers in it that
I didn't know we're gonna be in it lots
of fun ones pretty much every youtuber
in the whole world is in this movie
which is very exciting
um so yes what you guys already know all
the information the movie check it out
link in the crotch um and what else
question of the day what youtuber do you
hope mixing appearance and smiley
besides me because there's a lot of
secret youtubers that pop up and maybe
you're maybe not get killed so leave
your comment let me know and hope you
have fun hang with us because we if I
hang with you and I will serve you
tomorrow
smiley ah see the comment on Shane's
face before you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls do well to let their
comments now about you
