I need a vacation
chained awesome his new single is on
iTunes now get your copy today
Oh how are you bored as fuck
well you're in luck hey what is my life
I don't know
lights camera what the fuck wha what you
guys doing wait wait let me turn this
light there we go what do you get
that's right well I guess supposedly I
don't remember doing this but I do I
guess I did this cake challenge group
know I remember um so I tagged Sean and
Kate
and you guys are doing well show me
exactly what you guys are doing just
give me a little taste of it well making
funfetti cake it's alright Oakland yeah
I don't hand yeah that's right so this
is a challenge what we do oh my god is
so disturbing oh my god oh it's like you
got in a bad accident they're like okay
we only have this color arms oh god what
your ass not even the right Eric you
don't even know where the vagina is Oh
God oh I guess I'll show me I don't know
to show me one thing that you've had to
do that was difficult this is so
disturbing
have you guys gone to the bathroom yet
yeah oh well so that's what they're
doing um you could check that it's
probably already up on Kate's channel
I'll put a link somewhere I'm sure it's
a terrible and hilarious and a lot of
that and I'm on my way to a singing
lesson Shana give me your best um I
don't know any singing terms um well I
can sing very well
uh-huh I'm actually a trained see a lot
of people don't know
actually I can't keep this pretty please
actually a smart person they don't know
that no no you actually actually told um
people date this one of that is war
hi it's why I'm just like y'all I see
here's a mystery Shana is like a genius
and she has all these degrees and shit
she's really smart and she's really
classy but every time I turn the camera
on she turns into a crazy and aggressive
it that's a lot that's a lot yeah I know
min annouced oh I own I still win in
Almaty right all right
cameras off cameras off oh yeah so um I
personally feel as though the important
part of singing is breath control
okay what's Beck on oshi yeah so I don't
know about what he would tell me we're
going to the situation Bret control
that's like when you take the dick out
your mouth it's all Nixon now what you
don't get on it then when you don't get
no cuz when is going me you can't
breathe in at the same time it's a
rhythm it's all free of them a rhythm
where balm heal
okay that's question of the day who's
your favorite singer who's your favorite
singer um Adele I guess Oh who's your
favorite singer when he was two cos she
did perfect
I was kidding it tells great I just I'm
so tired of people talking about her
adore but tell her
um alright well have fun baking this is
just looking amazing the help - coming
coming soon
no more tears oh I have to poop yeah my
mom's everybody a new shirt my favorite
show I got her that shirt yesterday
oh yeah go grab your other gifts
cuz I give her presents so that I can
just bling and her essential perk come
love it and she fills with alcohol every
night
don't tell my secret sleep and cocaine
um all right well I'll see you guys
later
I pooped it was great and I'm gonna get
the hell out of here that smells like
she was so happy they hit me made-up
they're gonna party all right let me
show you to the door shit okay so I am
here am i singing listen on the count of
three you have to say who you are how
you know me and who your favorite insig
members go I'm Nikki I know you because
under your voice teacher and my favorite
and sync really I have to choose one oh
my god I already know who you're gonna
choose just cause it just because I only
know can like feel me when I can think
of right now is destined to really good
answer I was so mad cuz I thought you
were gonna say Lance Bass and everybody
says Lance Bass and I don't get it he
has no appeal I don't get I didn't know
if he was a Backstreet Boy or think um
so you're an amazing singer so sure like
okay so you do a really good high note
and then all do exactly the same thing
go okay um
okay all right I can do that huh that's
it she's working you have a lot of work
to do I do all right so we're gonna get
to work and then later on I'm going to
show you a little bit of our progress he
progresses quickly that's what she said
and also look at that somebody has my
song somebody about the song did you
guys buy this ha ha ha ha by design she
bothers all right we're gonna go huh uh
so we were sitting here talking and I
told okay first of all I just noticed
animal but magnets I don't even want to
know what what what butts aren't there
all right guys guess that but oh my god
it's a okay that's a lion that is high
ger aren't they the say it has stripes
no lions do not have stripes oh that's
in hell if that's an elephant
that's Kirstie Alley and that that's a
giraffe my favorite now okay so we were
talking about my favorite TV shows and I
brought up iCarly no I actually do watch
ICarly a little bit and um she was
mentioning holy shit okay there's a song
and iCarly what is it called um it
doesn't not even a touch oh um the joke
is on you did joke the joke's on you and
so she sings it but it's not even a real
song it's like a part of a song that you
guys made for the show yeah the writers
uh who worked for iCarly
wrote it and I performed it and now she
has all these kids and I looked it up
all these kids on Twitter and Facebook
and everything trying to find her
because she's saying this on they're
trying to find a song but it's not even
a real song but you have all these fans
out there it'll song is not a it's not a
fully you have all these fans I they
were freaking out and they're like
stalking you because they want this song
so so just for all of them watching
because I'm sure they are hey creepy
icarly fans
can you give a little taste of that song
like The Corrs is the come on
do a taste of this song okay I don't
know how it goes fake it what is the
title again joke is on you the joke is
on you not on an average if these are
you oh I don't know what to do
now I love everything's like crazy oh my
god that was verbatim word for what yes
my sons are paying off uh well now I'm
sad because I can't download the song
anywhere Nickelodeon if you're watching
this make the joke is on you a real song
cuz we're all gonna download it it's not
really close to what it sounds like oh
damn alright so right now she's making
me sing a karaoke song Jason Mraz
playing a very sad it's about killing
yourself I'm pretty sure it feeling
really much we can start again
decorations since you don't know me so
well I'm telling you life thrashing
blood drinking cuz you're looking so
good songs gracefully
is somebody Oh nobody knows me
not even me yeah we lost everything
because it's karaoke I don't know the
words the first half was fantastic first
half that's what you got to go with hot
Oh was she at all it was we all devil
too although this our basal Wow no
you're in movie
oh no it's not us all being me that made
my tooth like shake and I felt I was
gonna lose my feelings that's the
operation call me oh I meant you guys to
do each other's voices now even know the
difference
oh I bet we can do each other sushant I
found your man oh we know there are you
there he is there in the finest like
she's like I don't know maybe yes I will
call you mate
hahahaha you can write maybe Oh
Halloween star this is gonna be my
closet basically yes welcome to Jurassic
Park oh no he can't get hard
come here little Raptor cut me a little
Raptor come here little Raptor attack no
not you Charlie you big stupid t-rex
attack there you go
attack come on hey somebody call him
over so he runs he is the bridge
that dog is saying now I am a chocolate
he's a Prozac
I just spent with so much money on this
stupid costume
why don't you love it and you are right
they do so we just got back on the
Halloween store and we couldn't show
anything inside there because the lady
was like no filming inside but we got
the dog from costume we got Shana some
wigs that's what's in these black bags I
got some more ask Shane costumes and
with them some more of those we're
getting ready for Shauna's big photo
shoot tomorrow
yeah what's your pose gonna be oh wow
classy
diggin alive like me I wanted to
represent my inner nature and such so
I'll feel like you know my tongue out
like booty papi
yeah now me squeeze my bracelet even
push this won't be the primary picture
perfect speaking of creepy uh I got I
got some presents from you guys this one
is really really taped up and I'm
guessing it too animal alright let's
open a ship alright Shana why don't you
open this gift if that was for me from
Emily Emily alright name it at night
what didn't I Oh cuz I don't have
anything living in there I thought I
heard a rustling noise oh Jesus I don't
have to cut myself wait I don't you know
what I know you've never done this for
now when I cut people I use a actual
kitchen knife okay yes it's already out
I have a weapon just in case you like
you wanna you say happy birthday through
Emily able to use so nice you wrote it
all pretty and shaded it in a suit the
shoes did I mean I got no shoes no shoes
some dead bodies I wouldn't know it's a
coup de I don't know much I know Oh what
is this what is this what is this what
is this
oh and ilysm acquire a book and she says
it's a little banged up but it's okay
well and with over color and it says oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god a
million times if you're reading oh my
god oh my god oh my god if you're not oh
and there's some drawings wait wait I
want to look at the dog
Irene and she drew over on the choo-choo
Lisa oh she drew Lauren way prettier
than Lord Oh
as you said you're not fat that's Emily
you're officially my best friend I love
you we love you girls
chocolate put man put him down this is
sad real sad yeah Thank You Emily I love
you your chips salsa Steve green it's
date night it's date night here on
hanging with Shane
oh man you wait back up a little bit
that's terrifying
now come closer yeah it's really scary
it's great it's almost like smiley oh
you're starting and smiley I am I'm not
I'm not storing smile I know everybody
that saw smile I said that you stole the
show
who the hell said that yeah I think I
suck and then he goes like he like cut
me out of anyone know it's really fun so
we're here celebrating my birthday and
I'm very excited because me and
ion-exchange birthday I'm a terrible
friend I feel really bad
I'm making him up - by taking up the
Mexican restaurant that apparently makes
up girl it really does make us even more
making up to me so we're talking about
the Sinead a talk show which he thinks
is brilliant
I think it's jeez like the Aleutian area
oh yeah okay so we're Redux is about to
change forever
yeah we're done I was like you know I
want to like a Chelsea Handler
roundtable and guess what guys
Steve is gonna be on the panel I'm so
flattered thank you so much breasts and
he's gonna rig ooh thing like I want to
record yeah yeah that's so tight but
gives you it's Shane Shane and Shana you
and Jenna thank you partner should I use
it and he's in the vlog now isn't it
very excited good Amethi seen your first
game so we got to figure out the third
commedia do you have any ideas durka
mania I don't know
is there anybody funny I know every this
oh man
on YouTube I'm sitting with one of the
planes guys in YouTube
I do actually mean that who the hell
funny on it's not good when you have to
really think about it no really I mean
question of the day that's a really hard
thing clear to do it another question
but here's the second question today who
do you guys think would be good as the
third panelist on the shenana talk show
somebody it could be a youtuber a
comedian
somebody anyone it's somebody honest big
and don't say jenna Marbles but she's
way too busy and went too popular she
would never doesn't take his calls she
doesn't take my booty calls
no um know it so I'm very excited and
he's gonna be a part of the Sheneneh
family adopted brother thank you
so check out check out his channel of
all that will be fun will be fun
what's your channel they'll know but
what is TV comedy link check it out and
um go leave them a comment telling him
that he missed everything he's an
asshole I deserve it I didn't deserve it
come on awake hey what's up you guys I
am NOT wide awake right now I'm very
tired it's been a very long day but it's
been fun I'll hopefully you guys have
had fun hanging with me hence the reason
this is called hanging which I know uh I
was trying to sit here singing to myself
thinking of a new spoof song and I have
a few ideas in my head one idea is
shanaynay for wide awake but it's the
bitches fake she got fake hair and sake
nails and that bitch is fake my other
idea is Sheneneh but it's about smoking
weed because you know she loves that and
is I wake and bake and there's just all
about her trip falling from the sky I'm
hallucinating there's a unicorn flying
by I think I see a James Franco just
like weird shit um I've never smoked
weed but I'm guessing you see James
Franco when you're high I don't so I am
gonna go finish writing that song and
then go to bed and
and uh probably watch that's a raven so
I hope you guys had fun hang with me I
found hang with you and I'll see you
tomorrow see my singing lessons are
paying off
that's my singing face am i coming face
and my pooping face that's just my face
boy ah Steve comment on Shane's Facebook
wall you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls too well let their comments
now about you
you
