hey what's up guys so I am currently
inside Rylands childhood bedroom it's
awkward so we decided to come to his
hometown for the holidays which is
Colorado it is so much different from
where I come from it's snowing it's cute
all the neighbors are nice but it also
is home to one of the scariest hotels in
the world this is a story that a lot of
people are talking about today about the
haunted Stanley Hotel in Estes Park this
was a woman who was found living here in
the basement and later that winter they
found her frozen to death
Lucy was that you you willing to come
out and let us know that you're around
right in mid-sentence
no tears in my eyes it's just creepy
it's called the Stanley Hotel and it's
actually the hotel but the shining was
based on here's Johnny have you ever
been there
no oh we're going there tomorrow but
we'll talk about that later change but
before we get to that your sister is
obsessed with ghosts and obsessed with
the Stanley Hotel she's been talking
about it to me ever since I met her but
she also thinks that your house is
haunted but I have to say when she told
me that this house was haunted I didn't
really believe her and then I slept here
all night
there was noises in the walls assembly
people running around up and down the
stairs it sounded like there was some
wretches on the ceiling there's a lot of
people in this house whatever I think
bowels is haunted but we'll get the true
story from your sister later but also I
kind of wanted to make a video here just
because I feel like this is weird
but also cool like it's the holidays I'm
here in your childhood house with your
family like I asked your family if it
was okay to film but I've never done
this before
nervous I have a little bit too because
I don't know what like my mom was they
on the spa when you're filming her I
want to interview your mom this could go
really bad don't make them hate you this
is going well all right let's talk to
your sister about the demons in this
house YouTube channel your room is
amazing oh my god
oh that was my best life now we're in my
crisis life she used to live in Hawaii
and as you can tell she still wishes she
was there okay so you think this house
is haunted oh definitely
well these faces that appear long like
in snapshots you know try it with a
friend are you thinking what I'm
thinking yeah Sam let's just snapchat
with yours um all right here do you want
to hold the camera yeah all right so
tell me about your experiences in this
house do you want my full backstory of
how they go Scott here
you brought the ghosts here one of them
my main goes her name is Angie there's
this mountain about 45 minutes away from
here called Lookout Mountain people go
there like do crazy kid things and got
it so I took a picture by this son and
in this picture this girl's hair is all
over me and like her whole body figures
next to me and then I didn't really
think anything of it I was like no no
just picture and then Ryan was here and
I just got like really really scared
like out of nowhere and I was like oh
and she's here Angie's here I could just
feel her and I didn't know why like her
name was Angie it just was I don't have
sleep paralysis
like three times a week at least and it
was always the same dream of me and a
cave but my hands tied behind my back
and I couldn't move and it was just this
black figure with like her hair oh my
god and she would just like tell me like
all I just like take me home take me
home okay I need to interject because
there's a few things I don't even know
if you thought about the number one it
is true that ghosts can attach
themselves to people but the one main
thing about every victim has in common
is ghosts like to attach themselves to
lonely people oh that's me you've made a
bunch of jokes by being lonely but is
that true like are you actually lonely
or zone yeah okay very now when you had
the encounter with Angie were you at
like a peak of loneliness yes so I
dropped out of call it frightened
started all my friends went to college
so all my friends were out living these
great life and I was here by myself so
it was a time of peak sadness so I think
she like kind of was with me and just
going with me she's like oh we're going
on vacation like me and my friend like I
just thought this is getting really dark
okay Hugo I took her back to the sign
then I took the picture I heard and I
was like okay like you're home you can
go home now like we're here and then I
haven't had a dream since but I think
she still comes back to check up on me
like we're still like homies oh so this
is gonna be the picture that you took
where you felt like she was standing
next to you
okay so that is a picture of you
standing in front of the stop sign or
something so then we noticed that this
girl's hair and like her whole side of a
figure is all next to me but I was the
only person there because my friend was
taking the picture
and it's obviously not my hair because I
don't have black crazy hair and you can
see like her oh my god right no that's a
figure I see in my dreams so she was
just he had this like crazy black fire
have you seen this picture no you
haven't seen this I mean if I have it's
been years oh my god I mean it's back to
it oh my god that is crazy so this was
like maybe November December and a few
months back in like May of that year a
girl got murdered and thrown off the
thing so it made it look like she
committed suicide but it was actually a
murder but they never found her murder
so you think that was her oh yeah so
then I started researching like deaths
that had happened on this mountain and
the girl that fell off the mountain her
name was Angela well I didn't know that
before I started telling Ryland that
Angie was in our house how okay first of
all have you not been telling me all
about this you know I'm not in because
you can't look at that picture and tell
me that's not the scariest thing you've
ever seen
see majority of this people in this zip
code just think I'm mentally unstable so
they don't believe me what about the
snapchats good okay so when I call her
sometimes she shows up Angie and then
and you stick your tongue out if I'm
gonna be alone forever at least cuz if
she's gonna be my friend at least she's
honest
gorgeous Morgan this is not okay I know
then I was thinking maybe it's just the
two things on that but then I was trying
it in other places and she shows up
other places too like she's just kind of
everywhere all the time seriously chill
oh my god it happens all the time I'm so
freaked out right now
we yeah usually I'm cold you think we're
crazy yeah oh my god hundred percent
even our parents probably don't believe
you no I believe you but because you
guys are both crazy I didn't 15 minutes
ago and now I do Angie Angie you look
crazy
Angie maybe it's only when it's you hear
it you try it oh my god oh my god
okay here's why I think it's real if it
was just like oh my dresser looks like a
face or something then it would do it
every time but the fact that it doesn't
do it every time and it did for a split
second and then you screamed and it went
away you're so like comfortable with it
yeah I think she protects me kind of and
maybe she thinks I just need a friend
and I think she wants to be my friend
fun with your friend um how I know she's
here oh I think she really likes the
bathroom sometimes I'll hear like
tappings but it's always like the same
tab it's like every time and it used to
really freak me out but it does anymore
well it's freaking me out soon I'm gonna
go you have fun with your friends and I
will see you later all right Shane are
you ready to interview my mom interview
me so do you like me no seriously though
what are your honest thoughts of me of
being with your son well first I was
who is this guy but but now what do you
mean it first you were nervous nervous
wait what did you think I was like a
crazy person no I I just now you like me
well since I started dating Riley now
he's kind of become a youtuber what are
your thoughts on that I think it's great
no I think it's great I'm proud of this
little daily updates little how would
you feel about us getting married oh
I've tried to imagine that actually
would be heaven Colorado but we have it
in California I've already gotten there
yeah really well yeah you thought about
it well of course I have wouldn't you oh
yeah yeah you guys are you guys even
everyone so I'll bring up kids and who
do you think would be the bride okay
another question so your daughter seems
to think that this house is haunted our
house is not haunted
she is the vivid imagination
well you want me to tell you this house
was built on an Indian burial ground
what we read something in the documents
that say that at one point this was
indeed like an Indian burial ground or
something and then the railroads bought
it and I should see if I can find them
are you serious I don't really want
Morgan to know are you serious yeah I'm
serious
look at her face are you serious yeah
you're kidding no I'm really not clean
there was something about I thought they
meant enlike this was Indian burial
grounds and then the railroad purchased
it for something we'll have to ask down
a few remembers that you're joking I'm
not joking there is one strange thing
Holly will not go past those stairs over
there to go to the restroom like he will
not go down well wait let's try it let's
get the dog and let's see if he'll go
into that bathroom that's right that's
right
girl see so he really wants his treats
look at the treat the treat
oh my god
he is scared yeah he doesn't go down
come on you are huh Omega good
oh it's so sad oh my god come here
Oh Holly oh wait he's terrifying
so you think it's in that bathroom well
just he won't cast this he won't go past
here yeah maybe it's the old school
pictures he doesn't like I do have to
say though honestly like this area of
the house is a hundred times colder than
the rest of the house yeah it is
immediately seven degrees cooler well
since we're looking around the house
want to show us all our islands all the
embarrassing pictures there used to be
quite a few pictures in here oh yeah he
only said where Hollister loud store I
love when you just throw Ryan over your
shoulder like he's a rag doll when did
you know he was gay actually I've kind
of always known it even my best friend
we used to talk about it and she'd say
you know he's so gay right oh yes so
this was Ryan huh where he would have
kicked my ass
is that you with your shirt tied up like
a hooker yeah a chubby little face Ryan
how would you rate me on a scale of one
to ten looks wise Shane that's really
like aggressive I'm curious
he's like a 10 a 10 you got height you
can pick him up like a rag doll yeah
you're perfect
I think I'm gonna marry her mom oh my
god those days it was so you guys hire
somebody what's up what is that did you
hire somebody okay those are house
settling noises stop you guys tired
wait wait what's what the hell was that
I'm thinking you hired mark oh no I
don't know anybody okay come on things
are moving around upstairs
sleeping there come on I feel like
they're pranking us now because your mom
brought up the Indian burial ground
thing and now the house is fucking
moving and things are happening can you
guys like stop talking so it's later in
the night and we have been watching a
bunch of videos about the Stanley Hotel
have you ever been there no well what do
you know about the hotel um everything
well there's this room room 217 Stephen
King when he stayed there and he'd have
like these nightmares and in his dream
that night on this bed Stephen King said
he had one of the worst night rest of
his life then a fire hose from the hotel
chase was chasing his son through the
hallway till it started constricting his
son and trying to kill him just crazy
thing like him stabbing something like
see all these figures like the doors
would slam do they even book out room
217 I think it's like a crazy crazy wait
list and like very expensive so only
like especially Pacific and you've to
wait like a year well what if I told you
that tomorrow we are going to the
Stanley Hotel and we are staying in room
if I don't get your eyes across the room
wait you want to be dragged across the
room if you're paying to go to the hotel
I don't want it ghosts or I want to be
dragged by my feet we've done always can
we take a Ouija board
no oh absolutely where I could why all
right so tomorrow Stanley Hotel here we
come you ready to go go city oh my god
one mile away you've been waiting your
whole life are you ready oh I'm so ready
