who do you want to know about Beyonce's
twins are they the leaders of the
Illuminati yeah unborn Queen
no we're the leaders of them now that's
a conspiracy - well that's why everybody
people say that about work I do science
I love how much you love Danny time yes
we are back this doing another testing
cat product video mainly because the
first one just went so well
I want to flying pizza bitch give it to
us now I have a few things in here that
are essential you know I thought you
know what mama look you oh yeah animal
protective services they're coming for
me but today we have a bunch of other
weird crazy toys and we are ready that
sounded like a yay today okay so first
we are going to try out something I've
seen online before I think an
accommodative this is a backpack for
your cat or as I call it a torture
device a torture device where you can
see them suffer so yeah basically I
think it's the fact that you wear and
then like they can look out of it so
it's kind of like your captain astronaut
katstra knot which would make me earth
accurate alright let's put a minute
cachito you ready now just want to stare
outside wish you were out there away
from me okay great
okay so I guess what we do is just open
it up and throw it in there
okay cheeto I'm going to be very gentle
okay baby all right baby so just crawl
in that backpack okay crawl in that
backpack - Destin did you up yeah come
on my baby's here just crawl inside of
that scary backpack okay wait maybe
that's us - leave it I thought now going
out here look how fucking insane they
are with food look boo this is my
favorite game ready hunger game Hunger
Games Hunger Games I just love how much
they give me okay mother oh damn
so easily kidnapped okay baby it's gonna
be okay okay I love you I love you so
much
I'm going to give you so much food
my mom trying to get me to go to school
advocate I'm gonna give you so much to
get the car oh no oh no oh the shell
pops up baby hey I think you like this
okay honey I'm so sorry I got too close
you up okay baby
I love you they grow up so fast at some
point he won't be able to fit inside of
that hat oh my god man I will astronaut
you just show him oh my god are you
ready to go to space this is just like
gravity except your character wants to
die
okay now I have to try to put it on babe
I'm so sorry here we go oh my god this
is so fun oh my god you know we're gonna
consummate adventure we're gonna go
hiking and rock climbing that actually
sounds like a lot of work so we're
probably going to go to Target but then
we could go to Walmart Yogurtland
Oh daddy cat beige is that foolish
worthless maybe I should wear him on the
front
oh this is everything okay I'm gonna
take off the bubble so you can see oh my
god I love him hi baby
look out of the world I think he's
asleep oh this is my new favorite thing
kids bring your pets to school in there
then you guys know how much I love
costumes for my cat mainly because I
love costumes but I can never fit in
them so I like to force my children to
wear them for me and last time I forced
them into a pretty gay pirate costume I
thought how do I make it gayer
I got a little cop outfit and a cowboy
outfit you are going to come out to me
Oh God oh my god you know oh oh my god I
love my facebook cowboy
yes bitch her jo-ann moment he was go on
the floor baby oh my god hey come here
oh my god can he be all right fine I'll
get you food oh fuck there ain't enough
room in this town for the both of us oh
my god it's like a Western oh it's like
a cowboy this big dumb friend fighting
danger and getting treats Oh
what's going on what's going on oh oh
all right let's switch costumes now it's
time to make you cop
Kito there is danger to find get up come
on cheeto let's go find the bad guys
come on people are hurting and if the
people are dying don't you want to be a
hero
what if I give you some food come on
come on let's go fight some evil come on
you know the bad guys are down here
right next to this food oh fuck you lost
your hat a cop who will only work for
food sir please help me somebody's
trying to kill me
oh that's bad but uh you got some cables
Oh cuz you got some cabling I think I
can make it so you know this place that
has like a little ball on a string and
you like run around your house with it
put on the floor the cat chases that you
guys have a bug dad yeah that involves
moving so I was like how do I do that
the front like how and I figured it out
a remote control rat also me it sounds
real bad so basically I guess is the rap
that runs around your house and you paid
for it as opposed to the rats that are
already running around my house which
we're free I'm not kidding I have rap I
literally have rap the ad pocalypse has
been shaming ah let's go play with them
right
okay cheeto you ready let's play oh my
god fuck
didn't you yeah ah oh my god
whoo this is so fun he'll get him again
howdy you're gonna give me oh oh oh I
heard your big debut though q I think
he's dead get him Wow I got you bitch
come on kiddo
I don't think he cares at all you don't
care that there's a rat running around
my house you just think it's food
it is not food oh fuck oh fuck oh uh
off-roading Oh bye oh my god is so fun
okay yeah Cheetos like nah he's too fast
Cheetos like you know what Twinkies are
slow Polly things gotta increase mode
yeah bitch
oh damn about to get dirty up in here oh
oh you think you got him against what he
don't
holy fuck yes he do no I don't oh shit
he's out of control
he's out of control no oh my god it's
not I don't know what to do
meet a party just flying for the wall oh
shit oh I think my rat is drunk me and
Taco Bell announced of the new item me
when Hilary Duff faves my tweet
I'm literally broken oh fuck oh this is
it oh this is it oh this is it trying to
get in his hat
oh my god that is so cute it's like a
Pixar movie except their parents aren't
dead well now that he's dead I guess we
can put them in the microwave I rat what
if that's how it Pixar movie ended see
you later at cheeto do you want to watch
your friend die all right here we go rap
oh shit Oh God Oh God okay okay oh my
god okay okay that was bad that was bad
opening the window I can't breathe okay
so putting batteries in the microwave
it's not a good idea also if you're
wondering what that is it's what my
intestines look like so this next item
is abuse but not physical abuse more
psychological which is my favorite kind
of abuse this is a giant realistic kappa
this is so scary but what's even scarier
is the people that would fight them good
something tells me this is not like a
costume something tells me this is a
lifestyle all right let's try this on
and then I think what I'm gonna do is
just like chase after my cat full force
like I want to scare the absolute
fucking shit out of my cat and in my
last video you guys are like oh my god
Cheetos eating white chocolate white
chocolate bull stuff is hard well I
didn't work so I'm gonna do it the
old-fashioned way I'm gonna give him a
heart attack let's do it oh my god why
do I look good though like why am i
serving cattitude but I can't even deal
with you right now this is like an
actual serial format like I can imagine
like a scary movie with this as the
killer just like what how scary this
like that would give me nightmares
oh my god I'm an athlete scratch of
somebody to death keep their identities
litterbot paranormal captivity I'll go
okay would you put on this mask and run
around my house what do you do today
went to school went to work have some
human interaction that's not it I did it
okay
let's go scare some animal cheat all hi
hi hi hi oh no wow well now I didn't
want to be friends now I think he
doesn't piss because he's like um you're
a big-ass cat are you gonna see all of
them no I'm gonna look it's just me it's
just me baby it's just me it's bad it's
just dad in a big mask do you have a
boner come on babe
let's play much Kido get some mill Fox
he's like that's just my fat older
brother you know let's just mask you're
in fuck that aren't you now because my
cat loves food so much more than he
loves me or anything really I thought it
would be funny if I got him this cat boy
that is shaped like food and this is the
cutest thing I've ever seen are you
ready for this this is little cat sushi
and it's toys this one is like the fish
or something I don't know I don't even
like if I can't dip it in ranch and I'm
not dipping it down my throat
alright dude it okay I'm going to put
these in its food dish and see if it
tricks up okay cheeto time to eat you
ready okay first I'm going to put in
some yellow sushi oh my god oh my god he
picked it the food weight Gino I have a
white people roll oh wow no folks oh you
like you authentic stuff that's nice
cheeto oh my god he loves it it is so
cute look I so much baby all you can eat
sushi sushi buffet why are you really
sticking to that yellowtail is that a
thing
did I say it right it might help yeah
your try some of this stuff okay look at
that salmon I think yeah oh this is so
cute I'm dying look at more more oh come
on baby more keep eating
yes yes oh right would you love a little
food is everywhere yeah
oh my god he is so cute oh my god that
was a huge team everything my life also
look at the faces he's making it's so
intense like an actual drug addict
behind a dumpster like oh my god I love
my little baby oh oh cat meat jiwa oh my
god literally a fat stripper just
wrapping his body around the pole eating
food at the same time me if I was a
stripper
oh he's using it as a pad yes bitch ooh
bitch to a slide do trick oh I love my
stripper child okay so this next thing
is similar to the purse that I put you
in last time but um more violent this is
a little bag that you put your cat
inside of and then shove his PO nails
out of it and cut them off but this
would also be used by the cat killer
also all the instructions are in
Japanese so I'm guessing I just shove my
cat a bag and cut its hangers off okay
cheeto here's your new bag come on babe
we're gonna cook your own animal just
like a flex shirt you got it
never mind I need this I don't do it
come on baby it's not torture
okay you to do it for this but honey
what would David over do he would do it
right now you come on sweetie
uh listen to Carly in there would you
let it's telling you oh my god this is
so cute oh my god I'm dying oh my god
you can so cute oh no your little pasta
Italy we get out your little top you've
got this big there we go
then I just cut your nails through the
whole body
okay me it's this follow I'll take you
out when I was going to give you a nanny
that's how did slightly interested right
he's like hmm are you gonna give me
marble tips I'm looking sugar treat bag
though I mean wait stay there
don't pity are you ready for it
twinning okay me and my Snuggie on a
Saturday you wanna cheat oh wow you must
be actually really miserable of you know
what she knows oh my god me what I'm
just being company he's like oh this my
eating suit because I love that
sometimes I wish I could just like put
on is able to lay around Andy wait baby
oh now he's just like good to go no but
these might actually be very bad for you
so we're gonna stop I'll take you out of
this tattoo yay eating out of the thing
why are you so relatable okay so this
next thing I'm really excited about
because I think compared to the Grinch
mainly because of my shape and the
amount of hair on my shape and because
the Grinch also has a very depressed
looking dog wants to die like I do and I
don't know what Roku beef is but I'd eat
it so I got Grinch fingers now these are
to play with your cat while he thinks
you're an actual scary evil monster
which is how I go oh my god this is
everything
oh my god instant magazine cover shoot
if I had a magazine what would it be
called
well the firestarter because like you
could throw it in a bonfire just till I
get you started
all right let's go steal Christmas
cheeto I'm coming hold on just gotta
figure out how to use these new nails
they're not that functional but they
look good
hold on let me just answer my phone let
me just check my Twitter hold on no no I
love these nails no I'm very very happy
with them oh okay well let me just pick
that up
camels got it all right we're close
we're close
okay do you know what I'll just get it
later okay let's play
hi do you want to play oh do you like it
are you you're terrified are you scared
of it yeah do you like it do you like it
is it really intense is it really scary
no damn it
that sushi is tearing us apart look look
look how cool they are
look all right well let's see if ono
liked it or not look I love petting dogs
sorry oh sorry trying to try and pet
your head oh god sorry about that my
nails you know they're new but oh he
likes it oh hold on let me just grab a
book who which one should I read Oh kind
of friends I don't mind if I do
I've got it it's got a couple of them
Cal Donna I've got it okay oh yeah how
this listen to audio bucket let's just
go in the computer and check out my
Twitter okay yeah okay I might need to
trim them what a guy's go I hope you
enjoyed this public service announcement
for somebody to save Mike
no I'm just kidding he loves me don't
you love me judo he doesn't really talk
much come on Tito prove that you love me
okay take your nails down my back
that'd be a good start all right let's
melt ow come on show them how much you
care it's so crazy how he's literally
saying no either guys hopefully you
enjoyed this just as much as cheetah
head make sure to give it a big pop if
you want us to do more to produce you
love me right
see when he moves away from my kiss
that's because he's playing hard to get
mm-hmm yeah whoo that was a scream all
right I'm gonna pick it up baby all
right
go rip up all my shift all right you
guys I'm gonna go make sure to subscribe
my channel and it's enough to get you
Bella back down below because I make new
videos it was both Nick and if you want
see my last try catch my video I will
put in the description wait a little and
I will see you little angry scared cat
tomorrow
Oh
