I need a vacation
chained awesome his new single is on
iTunes now get your copy today
you know I love damn Brussels sprouts
hey bounce man I loved in Brussels press
you guys don't know about this yet hey
what's up you guys by the way you don't
know about this yet but I am obsessed
with Brussels sprouts I just swallowed a
large Brussels sprout that's what you
said it's okay that's what you usually
never say oh never
I know so I'm obsessed with them and
I've got so obsessed I created a dance
oh my god you're going to share what
that going to share with everybody okay
are you going to get Fred back all right
wait can I flip it or is everyone get it
so mad if I put no you can't flip it
well yes you can hey Shane breathless
brats already you know I love it rough
right a little bit back a little bit all
right double vegetables are cool eat
your veggies this is what early he
doesn't just do this for care Mike
literally what he does everything yes I
do that every single night whenever she
cooks those she doesn't know what's
coming she'll be cooking and I'll smell
it and I'll just swoop in you know I
love their brothers rap girl in Brussels
brass but I get my Brussels sprouts oh
and then I go and and then he go poop
hardcore on the toilet you know why you
so far T then Brussels sprouts ah my my
brother's about yeah exactly I know I
poop so good after that Brussels sprouts
and then in the bathroom and I'm taking
a huge big shit she can hear me singing
from there you know I love him brother
man oh man that wore me out
hey guys um so today was a very long day
and I didn't film any of it because I
was with brand-new people who don't know
understand blogging but I'll give you an
update so I went to a vocal coach today
it was very exciting
that was my first vocal lesson she
taught me how to go me me me me me me me
me just like that
was that good might was that good
was that like Kelly Clarkson keep
working okay so I did that and she was
teaching me how to sing like Justin
Bieber because I want to do a Justin
Bieber spoof and she basically punched
me in the balls and I was like ah me
perfect what else after that I met with
a music producer talked about doing some
songs I'm gonna do an original Christmas
song I'm very excited what else I got
all my costumes ready I'm gonna be
filming a bunch of ask Shane's I'm very
excited so uh hopefully those will be
out pretty soon I don't know if I want
to put them on my second channel or my
main channel or my iPhone channel I
don't know yet but uh gonna be doing
those and now I'm here with a roommate
we're gonna make a cake
why aren't wait what is this cake for it
your birthday that's what we're saying
yeah I thought this was for like your
hundredth video my hundredth video was
like 20 years ago we are gonna do we're
gonna do a deer Wednesday to make you a
birthday cake perfect and what is the
Dare gonna be to bake you a cake you
don't have explain okay basically I'm
gonna have my arms where her arms should
be like this hey guys
tiny little CeeLo t-rex arms and then
she is gonna be baking the cake with my
arms and we're gonna see if we could do
it and I honestly feel like in this
scenario my arms are and me grab my boob
is a lot yep ha ha ready watch Emma and
playing a little harp on your vagina
lips yeah kidding kinda have strings on
my vagina lips I mean listen Lauren does
for sure I'll for sure uh so we're gonna
be doing that so get ready guys you
ready we should also make today about a
tag video because we always do tag
videos together so how about a sweet tag
the today's tag won't be all about
sweets because they're making a cake all
right get up great so question number
one what is your favorite sweet mine is
chocolate what's yours um not sweet
person so you are the wrong person for
this tag I will tag myself
we had carrot cake um
goodies and that was delicious carrot
cake cupcake or carrot cake pancakes
okay all right right
good good enough it's not alright let's
go start baking that was your one dad
question no I'm gonna do tap I'm gonna
do questions during the process of
baking oh I mean come on
like I've never done this before like
I've never tagged a bitch before only a
matter of time before she leaves me you
know he loved and press print
okay Jesus what do you think question
number two should be Oh
your Jesus I'll go back to you question
number two should be what's your
favorite flavor popsicle my favorite
favorite popsicle is basic what's yours
a possible yeah let me guess you don't
need popsicles I'm cookin not a popsicle
you're out of this jack gross
beat it beat it get your essence in
fucking beat it it doesn't matter if
you're black or Mexican you can just
beat it beat it like you love kitten Oh
taste it don't taste it this right eggs
in there you'll get diarrhea and
probably die don't taste it and there's
a dead chicken in there you guys ever
get a dead chicken your egg cuz we did
see there it is there's it that's the
heart it's hard when we throw nobody's
eating that nobody's even that happy
birthday to me
um so question number three what is your
favorite flavor of cake - not that one -
red velvet with yours no he's gonna see
what come on hurry I'd like a running
dagger really sir oh okay I like
funfetti you're such a fucking liar and
you're new no matter how much you do the
dead chicken is still in there
it's still there waiting for the cake to
bake I'm so excited
black girl can't wait to get a taste
she's so excited
oh really sex me like 20 times we're not
beat this we're not beat this I feel
like that's you
way of saying I can't eat this well no
there's a good ther chicken in it I'm
not that you bad I'm still going to eat
it
question number four what is your
favorite um what's your favorite candy
bar - Reese's peanut butter cups what's
yours that's why that's my really really
got realsies or the UM what's the one we
saw at the other day the white one with
it oh she's cooking cream cream that
might outweigh that Meow's that says do
not wait for me unless they made a
person cookies and cream filled with
peanut butters then that might outweigh
yeah fuck yeah anything feels all right
you guys we just took them out of the
oven are you ready to see how pretty
they are your purvey tada
oh my god like we just didn't even come
close that looks like my skin in high
school that looks like my back right now
and every time you see that beautifully
perfect it's a last final tag question
what is your favorites
what's your favorite place to get
dessert it's a good question right your
favorite place to get dessert
mine is Yogurtland with yours and mine
is any gluten-free Bakery
oh that's nowhere you're terrible at
this
alright yeah
how do you say that you don't like
sweets and then you have a thing up
there this is love is sweet and there's
like cupcakes and assholes and stuff I
love you your ass that's true so leave
your questions to this egg down in the
crotch I forgot what the five questions
were but I'm sure you remember them all
so if you want to make a response video
of you answering these five questions
and also maybe make a response video of
you making something that's like your
favorite dessert because I'm sure you're
better than us oh and I guess I have to
tag a certain youtuber right should I
tag somebody yeah today wait did you
have to bake with someone like we did
yeah yeah okay I tagged cats sketch my
best friend Kate Kate you have to bake
something and you to talk about your
favorite sweets cuz bitch I know you
like sweets you 500 pounds on the inside
okay make Sean and do with you yeah Sean
will be your arms oh Lord oh you know we
should do I'm gonna put a clip of Lisa's
video in this video so you get to see
how fucking retarded we look because you
probably didn't get to see in this
fuck my retard you mean gorgeous I mean
let's got a terrible result ha ha ha
pretty much yeah this is torture
okay so what's the first thing I think
we got it yeah hey lovely man is alright
we need to preheat the oven
look we're good everybody we're good you
guys it's gonna be great alright you
guys I hope you had fun hanging with us
we if I hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow
Steve comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now
