a need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
open for business yes he is snuff I just
made another comedic genius like I'm a
slut like almost a big as a whore as
and of these you're at your semi whore
hi I'm Simon trainee horn train horn
training speaking of course we're
feeling very Asian tonight we are at
Keio and I'm gonna get one of everything
what are you gonna get
I don't eat fish there's something with
chicken probably you don't eat this des
now at are you loving me Kathryn fish
so I'm just trying to figure out what
here is gonna make me have instant
diarrhea because it's been a while
speaking of which after this where we're
going
that was a very weak high five I feel
like you don't there we go come in come
in come in here Miranda
there we go and guess who might be at
the CCB show Carrie I think she's here
at this restaurant because there's these
boobs over there right behind that um
German man with the wig and the boos are
all closed
I think he's inside if an entire plate
of something just got thrown on a
waitress coming from there I believe
Katy Perry's I don't think she's here
because that hasn't jumped all over her
weight that's when I'll be like okay
Katy Perry's just texted
in the words of Shana I'm gonna see you
again and probably about about to see
one of your little brothers when your
nephews and when the old sister I'm out
to see the whole cast of madea's family
reunion
in that bathroom little later on so we
are sitting outside and speaking of Katy
Perry which we were doing all night yeah
we're gonna go see at midnight tonight
part of me finally thank God yes I've
never seen be more sad and I've been
married for a long time and people have
died close to her I texted Lisa and I'm
like we're gonna go see part of me you
got want you want to come and she just
wrote back like a confused face and I'm
like what does that mean she's like are
you kidding dude why is it nobody I'm
sorry but I'm excited it looks like hey
I like the dirty diaper maybe I'll like
part of me that's the problem you better
be in 3d better be shooting at the
camera
yeah hey guys so we just got out of the
comedy show I tried to film inside but I
was very bad at it and I didn't get any
but there was a girl that looked just
like Miley Cyrus and she talked about a
guy fucking her and his tooth fell out
there was a girl on that is on TV and
her name is Shay
Shannon Woodward that was very exciting
she's a TV person with Shoshanna she was
on raising hope I have no footage of
that sorry
she was funny who else was there there
was a blonde lady our friend Ilana lien
Sullivan's wife was hilarious talked
about the phone clip she talked about
her mustache and how long it is it was
my first college well not my first
comedy show but my first you see Bea Bea
Wow you ain't got no sorry I got
distracted by an Asian wearing Oakley's
anyways um so that was very exciting
what did you guys think
I've never been to a comedy club before
so it was a new experience
Wow about how she went to go play
charades at Leonardo DiCaprio's how
DiCaprio's house and he picked her out
for cheating yes that's a good one I
feel like we just gave Alisha a bad
birthday present well this birthday
present gets better because now we're on
our way to Katy Perry's part of me 380
motherfuckers we're at the City Walk
where everybody's wearing really
and they probably shouldn't be look at
the crowd good thing all right we're
gonna get our tickets this is very
exciting
hope it's not sold out I mean look at
the line nervous look who's in the Taco
Bell all alone
how embarrassing nobody else and because
we're sitting like like you're saying
like everything so expand you were
shocked at the taco with a dollar more
yeah but your house is like two hours
away you're here now Roger my house ways
the guys didn't pay that extra about a
dollar more that's a soft taco value
amount ha I could get another and Torito
for that to Mexi melts for three dogs
that doesn't sound right it's just so
sad oh come on Katie take the walk of
shame
get out here walk of shame
Taco Bell walk of shame I'm sorry but
don't be fee nacho box sound like a well
sounds really good you know you can't
walk in with that Taco Bell sorry you're
gonna have to scarf your face on the way
there Katy Perry guys very excited all
right you guys it's all happening we're
going to see Katy Perry and the next
time you see us we'll have our official
review and it's gonna you know bet it's
gonna be glowing
my god so excited here we go I'm nervous
Wow so we just saw the movie and you
know what that movie didn't make me well
I don't I'm just kidding well no I'm not
it's like 2:00 in the morning which is
why I'm tired boy that's following the
exit so I don't know no here's the deal
it's 2:00 a.m. that's why I'm tired now
cuz the movie was boring here's the deal
okay okay here's the thing I listen it's
amazing the success Katy Perry has had
it's insane she's had more hit singles
than the Beatles whatever she's she's
incredibly you know successful in stuff
but like I feel like I just paid $17 to
watch her eat you Hollywood story which
I've already watched over my mom's
shoulder when I was you know in the
kitchen making dinner so like I didn't I
don't know I don't know what do we just
do I feel like the honestly that e true
Hollywood story would have been more
honest and shorter series because like
when when she broke up with Russell
Brand and they're like I don't think a
he's gonna be able to do the concert
everybody we're not we're gonna have to
cancel round she's like no no we do this
she said Jacque could put the makeup on
me with the makeup on Jack you think she
was really not an act but the way they
treated it the gravity of the situation
God these 12,000 people might have to
get their money refunded tonight no I
say no yeah my marriage crumble tonight
but I say name I'm gonna go see in
California girls with fucking Hershey's
kisses on my nipples
can we make a spoof of this where it's
like us at VidCon I can't go out there
and I like Shane no I'm like the kids
are waiting for you to dress up his aunt
fuckin Hilda and then I put her wig on
and I'm like put the wig on me come on
away I know it wasn't you listen it was
very entertaining Katy Perry's
incredibly talented and very successful
congrats to her it was my first time
seeing a music documentary I haven't
seen like Justin Bieber or any of those
other ones of you I saw Justin Bieber
yeah how is that it made me like him and
this didn't make me like Katy Perry Katy
Perry though no I think she's hilarious
but one thing I was kind of confused
about where I'm going on and on about
this but like okay so in the beginning
she's like I'm a rock star I want to be
a rock star I don't care what anybody
thinks
and then like flash forward they didn't
even remember that and then they didn't
even explain it and then she turned into
like a bubblegum pop star right she
she's think I want to be Alanis
Morissette and then it cuts to like you
know hummingbird heartbeat I'm like wait
I know they're like these songs are from
her journal and then it cuts you know
but listen those songs are incredibly
catchy so kudos to her so Katy Perry if
you're watching this which you're not
congratulations and I hope you have a
million more hit singles that get stuck
in my head and my mom dances to them
naked in the kitchen and Russell Brand's
the scene asshole I don't know I think
you might be nicer
this movie made you look like a soldier
sorry
I'm gonna guess he's a dancer he's
British
yeah I don't know um hard you guys hope
you had fun hanging with us we have fun
hang with you question of the day have
you seen Katy Perry's documentary and if
so would you think and also what's your
favorite Katy Perry song mine is I mean
any answer is gonna make me look good so
I'm just gonna say Katy Perry who
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
