I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
speaking of holes you guys Oh Paul's
digging em hogs digging them oh hey guys
so guess who's here everybody say your
name's Shawn and I'm very sad we haven't
seen release in a while how are you
doing update everybody on your life
where do you work at oh wait do you want
to say all this man work as a lifeguard
oh speaking of here to help why don't
you tell everybody what you're wearing
today I just wanted to share with
everybody what was going on with my
breastesses
yeah I bought a minimizer bra that's for
people like me toddler restrain to
ladies Oh an area okay yeah well it has
a side effect of giving me what I like
to call from here yeah obviously if you
look like like like if I was like a kid
I got a Lego set and it was like make a
black lady there you go Lego black lady
Lego mangoes it looks really good though
well that's true but I could be nothing
before - oh really oh okay well your
hair looks good that's all in the facts
right you know I know
but it was kind of thing I was a little
party and I had to put it look I like
how Charlie genuinely listens to
everything you say
why people music just makes Shauna
laughs so dying so we're on our way to
lunch I'm very excited this horoscope
game Sean is very dead and I'm so
you got a girl so we are on our way to
the costume shop I'm very excited I am
going to film a bunch of Shane's this
week and we're trying to figure out what
I should be what should be the comment
of the day what should my first ask
Shane be I was thinking either Skrillex
or Guyot Go Go D how did you know that
but then we're gonna pull how to be
naked painting each other good idea
Disney fairy tale I'm in the right place
so I'm looking for really creepy
costumes I'm trying to figure out like
what have I not done I mean I've played
pretty much every person / animal / sex
toy in the world I haven't been I
haven't been him should I be him I might
be scary and creepy and really email
sounds like all of you guys should I be
her one of her there's so many of her I
want to be her feel like she's quiet but
deadly just like Lisa's farts do I want
to be him do I want to be her god she
looks like she's been molested kind of
do one be here now
nope no I found it I want to be her I
actually met her on Hollywood Boulevard
last night you guys are gonna see that
video soon Lauren and her got to a huge
scuffle
you think I'm kidding I am not kidding
alright I guess I'm done here
Shauna is having the time of her life in
here by the way Shawn your sisters over
there in the electric chair
you might want to give
oh my god by the way is Shauna you're
half mentally retarded child is over
here you should probably get her listen
she pay my bills keep modeling baby keep
your dreams coming true
oh my god speaking of your child your
man is right there Oh baby baby you're
square boobs but this is the worst boys
want to deal how was it good for you
guys they're seasick we are so white we
are at the mall on a Saturday night yeah
I love it
what are you gonna get like I said I
don't what are you guys gonna get Hey
look they have a list of all the
grossest places in the world
there's some real depressing about this
your day to have a workout and so it's a
resort you do yeah so is that a poster
supposed to make me want to spend more
or what is that posed to make you want
to do you know all the cute boys at
school like you should check off to this
and I tried one day and I'm like I'm gay
okay
no I'm just racist okay chocolate you
don't see your lover over there your two
lovers yeah Shawn he cheating are you
the black dog would cheat on you no
Charlie Charlie he retarded in gay that
was that okay that's your type it's the
end of the night and the people are
sleeping and they looked and they're
hitting the heads on the wall and her
boobies I swear
anybody fall out and stay for my eggs oh
my god
well it has been a crazy day y'all I'm
very excited about getting asked Shane
back aren't you aren't you I was just
talking to Shawn his vagina I pretty
much can it's kind of square Sophia
that's very cute in Spanish man hi guys
hope you had fun hang with us we if I
hang with you and if you think tomorrow
seems similar to today cuz we're all
wearing the same clothes might be
because I filmed two daily vlogs in one
day just throwing it out there man
mitten maybe mystery self no um tomorrow
I can't film any vlogs because I have a
is I'm having a c-section so I'm
doubling up today you know what it's you
know what a c-section feels like right
this is my third okay no no c-section
night abortion alright you guys hope
yeah that's my way with you bye
Shayne's big football fan you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well you let
their comments now
