I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
you know what that means she's coming so
right now we are filming an intro theme
song for sheneneh's talk-show which I
kind of told you guys about a little bit
basically I want to start a Sheneneh
talk show and I want her to interview
random people celebrities youtubers
Mexicans that work a home depot
everybody and I want her to do skits and
I want her to have fake commercials and
I want Shawna to do like an on the
street thing where she runs around
asking people strangers questions I mean
I hope it sounds fun does it sound like
a fun idea do you guys think so I hope
so so right now I'm gonna turn into her
it's a very long process it takes me a
long time to get into it and I really
just have to be in the right headspace
so I'm gonna go do some blow kill a
hooker and drink some apple juice and
then I'll be right back
and she's here hey guys I'm so excited
I'm working right now I'm working right
now a little bit why can't you just be
outside coming here you gotta pee in
front of me like this is prison I don't
trust you I don't know what you hiding
up in there by the way girl Oh Navy
called 1993 you they want their
mary-kate national dress back what was
that back in your late 20s so here we
are look who's here he's gonna be my
cameraman now are you ready do you have
a poncho no I usually require most
cameraman to get a poncho I'm very wet
woman okay it's it's fine it's fine
do you have a nose pug okay good now
it's kind of doubles it doubles as uh
you know this is why I hired him
we have craftsman services out here so
what did you get water thank you
craftsman Services everybody right now
water bottle for you Oh any
big thing all right she's gonna be fired
um so now we're walking into the set I'm
very excited now Shane supposedly spent
five hundred million dollars on this
then um I told him not to go over 300
million but he just like boil me oh here
it is this looks the same this looks the
same
I guess he hasn't started building yet
okay so who's gonna be standing front of
this green screen a midget
we should probably a midget in the class
actually yes I do
midget little midge bitch
little anybody make niglet weird he's
not here okay I guess we'll just film
this ourselves
look who's yeah are you excited this is
your first on the street performance no
now what do you think about this I think
I should call blackish shit on the
streets but she also don't wear clothes
that cover her house well it's well
since it's 5,000 degrees outside right
now you pres shouldn't be wearing the
blackest shit leopard coat you guys
should join a band together it could be
called what nope question of the day
Lauren and John are in a band together
what would it be called my vote is
the precious moment does you know that's
good because it's the print it's your
precious moment and like come on you're
the moment you going solo
okay so right now we're gonna do a test
because we're trying to figure out how
Shauna should act in the public okay so
we're either gonna go crazy insane
blackish shit crazy or between crazy and
normals let's start with black shit
crazy so you run up to Joe as if he's a
just a stranger you don't know him okay
and and ask him like a question like
what do you think of the Dark Knight
coming out no he's a knight of the round
table some shit on it
Wow ESMA what you think money movie
coming at you Oh see it's good Christian
here's my thigh I would like tone it
down and now do a version of that that's
like less and more like now ask him
about Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes but do
it this time in like more of a Shona hey
I'm a little bit it'll get worse stuff
who trying to find out what people think
about the shit
that's it that's the one because okay
here's the thing it's gonna be funny cuz
you're crazy
but I also want it to be funny because
of their answers death they get on the
streets
okay so right now I'm dressing Shauna
and trying to figure out some props what
do you guys think of the hook I mean do
you think her character would have a
hook no I just want something really
random no you like this they don't put
you in chinchilla fur in Haeundae degree
and cut your hand
Johanna and you Flavor Flav Nick listen
I almost made you dress up in a onesie
and put on some bunny ears my lady parts
need to breathe it's hundred degrees
what is that whoa guess what y'all
change of plans Sheneneh is joining
black is shit on the screen yeah yeah
the problem is your waves don't have a
license in a name well no that's not a
problem that's a situation and I'm very
good at handling situations that's not a
situation other than inflammation is
goodbye
you know what somebody yesterday said
never taught my the internet they're
like how do we make a viral sensation
that was like
girl I got enough about so uh while we
were driving blackest shit I keep
calling her Shauna who does Shauna
she's pork oh that's right you
understand how I can misunderstand so no
but you said that you have a rap yeah
I'm working on it right now you know
it's it's a transition and such but uh
it's a rap called PS I hate you a.m. oh
oh it's a love letter like that nigga
job I kill y'all ways John nigga doc psi
H is that's actually very catchy that
give me the next call me maybe
I feel like idiots I feel like I'm gonna
take her spot hey nuts you crazy think I
hate you baby
BAM I'm playing with it right now I'm
developing the you know what the crooks
of et is like I hate a bitch
yeah Laurens trying to follow us behind
but she's very very slow which isn't
crazy because I told her there's a sale
going on on Hollywood Boulevard you
think that you would drive faster teller
was at Loehmann's cuz you know Jews live
long they do left oh man they do you
know I don't love Lindsay Lomond so we
are here in the valet area and I just
have this feeling this is not gonna go
well damn
alright you guys we just film for about
an hour how do you guys think it went
that was she was fought Catwoman she
Lauren um look cut by Catwoman so I
think we're gonna stay here for you know
another 30 minutes then we're gonna get
the fuck out hopefully take a shower all
together
Shana what do you think
sorry blackish Oh time to take a movie
break are you so mad your decide what
it's okay next movie I'm sure he'll make
100 more I'm pretty sure I think
Lionsgate is making Madea Goes to Jail
mithya goes to the grocery store Madea
gets raped Madea doesn't get ready
Oh MIDI goes to hell the horror movie
Madea thank you no Madea would win all
right you guys that's a wrap
we did it
Seana is tired she twerked on a wall
everybody in the middle of Hollywood I
think it went really well I'm really
tired
I've lost my mind my brain is melted
it's so hot so we are on our way back
home we're gonna get some lunch and I'm
gonna take off my lipstick why it's back
everyone Shauna's favorite sandwich yeah
at the knee-slapper from the same home
our ideas we're so tired we're gonna go
to that it doesn't look hot but it's so
hot it's probably gotta be loose don't I
hate you guys I love you so much hope
you have fun anger that's weird my name
with you that's going to Shawna sandwich
it is gives us yeah ten more minutes of
this you moaning leave a comment on
Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well they let their comments
about you
