I need a vacation
chained awesome his new single is on
iTunes now get your copy today Wow
hey what's up you guys um so it is in
the middle of the night right now and I
was just on iTunes minding my own
business you know looking for more
Britney Spears songs to buy because I
don't have enough and I'm on the pop
page of iTunes homepage and okay I'm
freaking the fuck out that's me that's
me I'm right next to pink I'm right next
to JLo I'm right next to pitbull and
Wild Ones flow right I'm right next to
all the black people that I realize
what's happening why did okay so here's
the thing I can't really call anybody
and ask because it's like 4:00 in the
morning but iTunes featured it it's in
the new and noteworthy section and I
guess that means iTunes like the song or
something I fucking not freaking out I'm
like shaking like what's going on the
song came out like three weeks ago so
I'm kind of confused why they're doing
it now like did they did it sell a lot
or did because you guys left nice
comments maybe that's what I don't fuck
I'm not going to question it all I know
is I'm so grateful to iTunes and also do
you guys and I'm so lucky to have you
guys in my life because I'm sure that
you guys buying the song and leaving
nice comments made them do it so it's
all because of you guys so if you want
to I'll leave a link down in the crotch
go to iTunes
leave a five star rating if you can tell
maybe leave a comment saying thanks for
featuring in itunes maybe they'll see
that I don't know I don't know how else
to thank them I'm gonna go back to bed I
just have to tell you guys that I love
you so much
that's a lie I'm not going to go back to
bed I'm gonna watch that So Raven
probably to like 7 a.m. okay that's
another lie I'm probably gonna watch
until noon
yeah
Hey I don't know any of the worst head
suck I just know that he goes like
lyrics to get in other words you guys
know the words oh I'm staying outside of
Lauren's house how's it going and I
don't look exactly like this Shane up
for 24 what a show you couldn't even see
the judge in here what's wrong with me
that made this maples show you actually
a rival the same here
not again trust me they're bigger than
mine and mine are huge on CSI Lawrence I
met to go inside we're gonna brainstorm
so we're we're writing the movie right
now which is awesome also I don't want
to start writing a TV show just in case
now like what if time doesn't work out I
want to have a backup or hysterectomy so
here's my question what is your favorite
TV show I don't want Jamie I don't
really know what's part of it so I'm
trying to finger like what my show
champion should be something like like
the office more like awkward or like a
bachelor TV show let's do this terrified
what if Lawrence naked oh god at least
it'll make for a funny vogue look guys
I'm a meme I'm a meme you're not a meme
that's all you need to know that's is
that a good thing that could be mean but
doing these things these dumb not dumb
kids you're not Duncan's you're very
smart they keep sending me these
horrible stills of me being like I'm not
doing their faces well listen first of
all a lot of them are dumb and I'm okay
with that because I'm dumb but a lot of
them are smart so right now we're
brainstorming and it's hot as balls in
here thank God your air conditioner is
on you have this huge air conditioner
and instead you have this
tiny fucking piece of shit fan that's
blowing around my fart breeze
oh yeah mum you see your hair your hair
it's actually you had it before it was
like a bouffant who comes there's like
this there was like this 50s sort of
like yeah like Elvis like kind of yeah
start that yeah I'll get rid of the emo
hair and I'll do this right now um so
yeah pick your nose we're gonna keep
brainstorming I just want to update you
guys where we were we're here I'm not
anymore back lay you in New York
remember I got stuck in Cincinnati that
sounds like the worst sitcom every Ivy
Dawkins Cincinnati let's write it that's
a show John I mean this is terrifying
what the fuck is on Laurens bed like I
know Lauren's hiding a lot of things
from me like her sexuality and her
sexuality but why is she hiding a body
on her bed and who has a TV that high up
ridiculous I mean what kind of a
longneck giant is sitting in Oh Lauren
oh speaking of which gross
Hey look there's me do you think Lauren
has stood in this exact same position
naked do you think she looked as good as
this nope speaking of TV shows you don't
show me should be on next hoarders
here in my bedroom I don't know what
you're talking about
I don't know what you're talking I don't
know what I don't know what you're
talking about
she loves it what are those little
penises why you have little penises in
your kitchen lower head come on Lauren I
have to fill a block and I have no life
let me fill me apartment what's with the
bike helmet ooh
bike helmet jewelry this is literally
the cover of your autobiography look to
the future in high heels
that's what my mother said to me when my
next workout made it shorter than me and
she was like look to the future and high
heels
Wow you know your autobiographies really
get me called I worked for Shane Dawson
here is it happen Oh God and I barely
survived you're paraplegic and you're
like crying oh we're gonna love each
other forever real housewives of plastic
face big hair who's watching ah it's a
reunion guys don't you want to know the
behind-the-scenes dirt on all the
seasons may can you believe what Ramona
did the Beverly Burke is that real
Ramona's there in there somebody I mean
all the catfights Osama so many no Andy
Cohen's not holding back
oh he never holds Mazel so what are you
doing scanning a fake ID passport about
jumping ship and going to Israel oh
you'd fit in yeah beard weird all the
strees it's pretty you can't really say
too much Mars I've already said so much
I don't know yeah keep it you well um we
were talking earlier about this we
haven't told you guys but we're thinking
about doing an epic Meal Time spoof it's
perfect we're on the beard out I'm ready
I mean I know I don't look like the kind
of guy who's just down to eat a bunch of
shit but I am
I just add 45 minutes to my workout
routine daily so basically I workout for
45 minutes a day exactly what do you
think Miley Miley why do you look so sad
he looks so emo depressed words workout
make her depressed oh God so fat where
to turn a light on there we go god Lulu
that shadow look at that big fat shadow
shadow on baby girl
you yeah smell that breath smell that
draft uh well I'm gonna go take a shower
have fun scanning and and learning all
about that oh this isn't a port wine I
wanted just a tea bowl both of them so
I'll watch him in succession can't wait
she knew is irritating me she did not
want to be in the blog my mom okay
alright ah all right you guys I'm gonna
take a shower and then get my nasty
sweaty ass to bed who smells like a fart
in there you know what I think i farted
in there yesterday and then close the
glass door and now it's reeking like a
microwave like aluminum foil over a
casserole
it just all this smells let out that's
what happens when your shower has like
you know it's like when you should close
it a fart could brew and no honey
a fart brewed it brewed hard as you as I
love you I'm gonna get naked you really
don't want to see that trust me maybe
like three years ago and I was kind of
in shape right now you probably don't
want to see it
it would probably look like your dad and
trust me I know exactly what your dad
looks like alright I love you guys hope
you had fun hang with me because I have
fun hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow bye mere Shane Steve a common
time Shayne's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
you
