I need a vacation
chained awesome his new single is on
iTunes now get your copy today
what's up guys um so I am really really
sweaty because I've been dancing in the
car for hours okay it's a lie I just got
back
oh that guy is dressed and looks where
is he
there is like a Mexican version it's me
Shane no Dawson oh wow some alternate
universe similar there's lots of Mexican
shades and that alternate universe is
called North Hollywood so uh today I'm
excited because I'm gonna go home and
eat something take a shower slap my dog
in the face with my balls bouncy balls
you nasties my fingers and then I'm
going to go to a writer's meeting with
Shauna intern Steve and hopefully we're
going to come up with some fun crazy
video ideas for this month the month is
almost over so maybe this meeting should
have been a couple weeks ago
kay their way in a woman also a quick
question I've been doing daily vlogs for
over 130 days I think now and I've been
having a lot of fun I think you guys are
enjoying them
but I kind of feel like my iPhone
channel used to be random like 30
seconds iPhone videos that were like
really crazy really weird or you know me
talking to a homeless person or a
squirrel humping my leg it was just rain
of stuff do you guys miss that if you do
I was thinking maybe like Friday's could
be that just like a randoms
instead of a whole daily blog just a
random clip of something or maybe
Saturday could be that I don't know what
you guys think leave a comment that's a
question of the day
question of the day do you want me to
keep doing the iPhone videos the daily
vlogs the second part of that question
do you want me to do random Fridays
where's just like stupid shit let me
know I really really want to know what
you guys want because I work for you
Lauren works for me Shauna works for the
streets I work for you I'm home I'm home
wait why do you look anxious
Oh were you sleeping stopping unwrapping
the ball sloppy hey I'm right here okay
I'm not even kidding anymore like I'm
pretty sure chocolates blind or deaf I'm
right here right here
no you're there right no I mean really
miracle worker that's what I'm working
with I'm up here I mean not even from up
here you're an idiot
we're stuck in an elevator and one of us
is the devil who is it
it's it it I heard so we were walking
into the meeting right now very excited
you're early
can you believe it because you notice I
can not believe I can't believe it
because it's so like far from where both
of us live I really don't like the drive
you could not get pulled over I did a
shower you know this is all thank you
great we're great your mind your table
beautiful flowers beautiful you there we
go you were beautiful but wow you look
blabbers blessing it's not your way
could I get you behind me second degree
black so uh speaking of black lit Shawna
has a channel now there's no video song
if I have a channel name are you ready
we'll see I guess this is very exciting
this is it for me everybody what is your
channel name I know Sean hey that was
very loud
well right you can't say you know
youtube.com slash hey yo Shawna
hey yo show and every video Stratford
Charlotte my idea though is cuz you know
Smosh sorts of videos with shout out I
thought it should be shut the fuck up
hey yo Sean that's beautiful at my idea
where
hey hey hey yo Sean oh yes Wiggins how
do you indicate the pauses hey
parentheses pause again yoshi yoshi it
could it be a cartoon intro oh my gosh
yes ghetto booty that's the case like
yeah yeah no I mean like it starts with
booty and then it's like anything the
booties whispering and then you zoom out
and a new channel you shine and then
your butt claps and then we go into the
butt and that's where the video that's
that my all my videos about my you
happen inside of you I've actually heard
that last Saturday actually oh yeah oh
it was a good night wow I don't even
know what you go and see he's here seem
like you won't bring up the time now
nothing I was giving he's giving nothing
to the daily vlog Oh
oh my gosh what we're gonna do this do
something do something be funny here
hurry be funny go enjoy okay oh God
that's very hard okay
haha get catch it Kat Von D cat cat tree
tree like aliens can't marry Kat miss
Kat skipped hmm caddie kitty pussy on
the tree
pussy pussy miss Christmas Jewish pussy
Christmas Mickey cat Mickey Mouse guys
it's Christmas tree with a giant cat
that loves McDonald's and is also Jewish
finding a portal to Disneyland
ah
oh never I didn't do that
look who's back everybody she was in New
York for a week that's why she was gone
out of the vlogs not cuz I fired her a
little bit first of all huge jewelry
second of all herpes on my lip like
something I knows the hardest notice or
something I fuckin would either yo uh so
how was New York everybody wants to know
when did you when were you in New York
uh Monday New York Monday I was in New
York I know I can't afford out hey where
were you I was at home I gotta keep my
baby nobody's used I know he's like
chunks on ago you said like my girl
always gonna be doing G uh it was so hot
there I mean I was dying so much ice
cream cuz it just melted right now right
right what it wasn't denim Marko's it
right here in the Parkers
so Lauren we got a lot of work done
today so yeah so we have we are starting
viewer orgy party again should we make
up some questions so let's let's give
Lauren one of the questions we made up
and see what she answers okay Lauren
yeah uh if precious had a perfume what
would the title be yeah that's what we
said
you're racist also I think it just
proves that I've seen the movie that
just right down the street with a bucket
of chicken yes I thought it would be
called mom's pussy
I went there initially and then I wasn't
sure what she really loved like precious
look is tricking her my momma pictures
yes come on why would you finger why did
you eat about that finger because her
water was crazy not to say all she
wanted was precious to finish her
brushes the golden Chi finger her before
if your mom was like finish me the first
thing you're gonna do is finger her not
immediately I agree with Steve and what
I love about precious is at least I open
conversation and that we can have this
debate yep it's the end of the night and
I am ready to go home I'll shoot myself
in the face I've been holding in a fire
for five hours now Jonah smells like an
aeroplane
oh I got my friends right there walking
his grandmother home and he's watching
us fly I was watching his movie goof
like watch oh my god I look like
absolutely isn't this great that you can
see what you look like this is great
this is really grow there's my hair on
top of my head oh it looks great good
well guys we had fun hanging with you
did you have fun hanging with us nope
yeah all right I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow and go into Lauren's very
nasty airplane vagina yeah Harry's I
don't know ass about who it is I mean
turn it off ha ha ha bye Steve common
Shan Shan space football you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well let their
comments now
about you
