I need a bake chain Dawson his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today I know okay I'm taking a shower
today I promise it's been way too long
I'm starting to look like the guy on the
box of the sausage links in the freezer
section at Ralph's and I'm aware of this
but later today I'll go back to looking
just like a twelve-year-old lesbian
speaking of lesbians I'm very excited
today I started riding or didn't tell
you about this yesterday I don't think I
did maybe I did well if I did sorry but
I started writing friends forever too
last night so I asked you guys on
Twitter if you wanted a sequel to
friends forever and you guys said yes
and I've been wanting to do one ever
since we did the first one if you guys
don't know what I'm talking about
it was my Halloween special last year so
I'm just kind of trying to figure out a
good way to do a sequel and not look
like I'm doing the same thing over again
so tell me if you like this idea the
first one took place in a house I want
the second one to take place in a diner
like a 24-hour diner and I want to take
place at midnight and I want to be
really scary and I want a lot of weird
deaths taking place in the diner I don't
know what you guys think is that a cool
place question of the day what's a cool
place for a horror movie or for a horror
comedy she's friends forever - should it
be in a diner should have be in the
chuck-e-cheese should it be in a grocery
store should it be in a house again or
should it be in a cabin in the woods
what's like the one place you think
would be really cool
should it be in my pants it's pretty
scary in there and kind of funny or a
comedy so that's what I'm doing today
I'm writing and I am sitting inside my
restaurant my I own it now I know I'm
sitting us at my favorite restaurant
right now and I'm waiting for my to-go
order to be ready so I can go home and
get naked to eat something and get on my
laptop wow that sounds just like Adele
schedule me and her twins
wow that was a script ah very secretive
I'll give you a hint it sucks right
Lionel and Joffrey they're way more
interested in nothing or paper art
yeah they're gay enough to be interested
in that yes so I am here trying to write
this friends forever - and I am just
getting Riley's block um uh-oh
somebody's here
is it the killer is he here is he here
to kill me is he me me inspiration can't
even figure out open the door there he
is
yaoi you're the killer yeah you're the
killer
I'm inspired yeah yeah no one filled me
um so we are actually about to go to
Target so that's really great
inspiration format always get ideas a
target maybe I'll get another wicker
animal right I'll kill you hey perfect
that's inspiration what are you doing in
a microwave at Target trying to kill
yourself because that's what I'm doing
now we're at Target right now hence the
TV trays big red basket and the
the other one creepy customers and we
are looking for a vacuum and it sucks
literally because all the vacuums are
the same and they are all 5000 hundred
billion the jillion dollars they are the
same and they all are expensive and that
one looks like the Rolly backpack that
Asian kid used to wear in middle school
I don't remember his name
I think he died hello are you looking
for a box people are not allowed to
bring your dogs in target dogs okay its
target what's up thousands of creepy
puppets and stuff Darryl's
oh and what's up annoying crazy dog okay
really am i invisible like you heard
something barking and then you ran right
past me I'm what you heard chocolate I'm
what you are I mean how do you not see
me I'm holding a flashing light yeah
yeah right here right here right here
nope not over there right here they all
look like demons trail they are all
right you guys I am going to go film the
intro and outro for my Saturday video
upstairs which I'm excited about because
it's going to be something I haven't
done before it's going to be a dubstep
remix of some of my favorite videos over
the last five years four years like five
years so that's gonna be a lot of fun
hopefully you guys like that Shauna says
that it made her wet and it gave her a
headache so seems like a good video and
I'm also on Saturday going to be giving
away a very special prize on my main
channel video so make sure to watch
because you might win it I'm not going
to tell you what it is but I'll tell you
this it has my bodily fluids on it and
it's not one of them
alright you guys I love you hope you
have fun hanging with me because I have
fun hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow I just bit
my throat how is that even possible
I don't know see you tomorrow Steve a
comment on Shane's face football you
might find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls too well
let their comments now about you
