I need of a change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
how much is that key and the window he's
free cuz I don't want him anymore by
kidding no I really don't want you
anymore but I would never give you up I
would eat you first I'm curious
hey guys um so I am just hanging out
here with Charlie that's a lie I'm not
hanging it which are they dog
I'm lying to you Charlie I mean honestly
these animals could care less about me
you know how much I do for you assholes
I feed you I bathe you I take care of
you I sleep with you okay those are all
things my mom does but I bought you and
I bought you artwork wipe your paws off
at the door I mean that's cute right you
love me that's cute okay I get it it's
fine
you're moving on it's cool see you in
Hell fucker no I'm just kidding um I'm
actually my way to go to a birthday
party ow
and breaking the door see you guys later
hopefully never it is a birthday party
for Ryan he played the janitor in the
vacation song music video and he's been
in a bunch of the daily vlogs oh I just
hit you guys in the head I'm sorry call
me Monique from precious yeah so I am on
my way over there hopefully he is okay
with me vlogging there because I'm sure
it's gonna be insane he's Jewish
so I feel like it's somewhat of a Bar
Mitzvah even though he's not 13 he's 30
so it's gonna be kind of like a Bar
Mitzvah times two god that's a lot of
Jews can I handle this
you do feel the same way and they were
staring at me and they're like who is
that dragged away you're so beautiful I
get it yeah like you're like beautiful
like thank you you're handsome but
you're like beautiful you're like a
beautiful woman like Joey Graceffa
beautiful I mean no one's like Drake dry
sophia yeah you're like a beautiful
woman so that was a moment well right
now definitely with this like you know I
haven't shaved in a few days situation I
look like a transgender with who you are
and with who I am for loving you Wow it
was deep time to eat
where did my food go you I do it earlier
baby like two minutes and I like wasn't
even close to being done
it's been like 20 minutes I know and
then I started picking at yours I got
really desperate and I almost started
eating tofu
I don't quite buy that if you dip a dick
in vagina does it taste like vagina
transmedia
vomit okay so I'm in the bathroom right
now
and I just had a show I know this is
really weird why are you bugging in a
bathroom shame and there's a line of
people outside waiting to get in here
well hold the fuck up I have more
important things to talk about like this
creepy fucking picture of a really
creepy man holding a really creepy baby
right about the toilet and then right
about the urinal it's really creepy
picture of these really creepy drag
queens
holding frozen yogurt that actually does
good job and that's a dead flowers just
to set the mood which is a pretty good
mood since I always make it smell like
death yeah
oh the Mary Kay girl Kellie Pickler one
spot where American Idols oh my god oh
my god no we're coming
I love Jordin Sparks meeting her talk on
Twitter all the time
yep I mean her totes besties for life
cease know so we're the Grove getting
sunglasses never have enough and we are
getting Ryan's birthday gift so we're
gonna give him what are we doing and
we're gonna get him a gift certificate
to splinted which is like the cutest
thing ever but he says the shirts are so
soft I mean are we surprised he's I'm a
little gayer than he is although I've
never shot this one you guys like you
guys have definitely like a magic for
like he's gay tonight at his party will
have a day off yeah we'll just both be
sucking a dick let's see who finishes
first nothing says happy birthday like
riding the card in the car on the way
there we just gotta get really fast
right in the card like we worked on it
for weeks write something really
inspirational you know what else says
birthday
speaking of which obviously guys I don't
mean this racist but I kind of do the
Grove today was very ethnic like not
it's usually like white annoying people
like us but tonight it was I feel like
there's like an ethnic convention or not
does that make sense
you get breathe I'm kanji enough on me
so if you guys know what's going on if
any of my Indian fan
out there know what's going on what's
going ahead at the Grove tonight and why
wasn't I invited
do you want to sign your name so it's
like you tried
Hey
let's bring some papers your boy yay and
a laugh Wow
hey what's up you guys Lisa's asleep so
I I'm gonna end this vlog hopefully
quietly so I don't wake her up so
question of the day that didn't wake her
up my fart was probably louder than that
that should wake her up so question of
the day what is your favorite flavor of
cupcake because there was a lot of
cupcakes at that party tonight
my favorite flavor is red velvet with
like something on top you know some nuts
some sprinkles some sprinkle it some not
sprinkle it something like that actually
the question of the day should be what's
your favorite smell of fart because
tonight hey you're awake what woke you
up the fart of course it did No so I
will see you guys tomorrow hope you had
fun hang with me I thought hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
