guys just did a podcast with the psychic
twin and drew and sure it was amazing we
predicted a lot of things and we talked
about whether or not they think that
Ganon fellow really together so fans
fans Celtic old fan fans and yeah okay
go check it out to see the answer is I'm
gonna call those same friends hey what's
up you guys and yes it is time again for
another creepy video now today's video
is a continuation of one I did a few
months ago that was incredibly
disturbing we talked about was scary
catfishing story that ended in murder or
suicide and today we have a few more
that are incredibly disturbing and very
heartbreaking so first we're going to be
talking about the awful story of Breck
better so brent was a very normal
teenage boy and he loved video games and
like most gamers he liked to play online
with several people all over the world
but one day in 2013 he joined an
exclusive gaming group only eight other
members the gaming group was run by a
man named Louis Dane Lewis moderated the
group and shows who was in and who was
now Lewis seemed like a normal eighteen
year old boy and yes Bret was only 14
but Lewis had a babyface and acted like
a kid so they got along but underneath
Lewis's babyface was a lot of Dien he
wanted to become Brexton mentor he
wanted to be his like yo so he made up
all these lies about being a millionaire
and owning this huge company and he
wanted to teach breakout he'd become a
millionaire like him Lewis Danes is four
years older than Breck and the other
boys and claims to run a multi-million
pound software company well after a few
weeks of talking to Lewis Breck started
changing he stopped going to church with
his family he started breaking the
family rules
his mother was getting afraid of what
was happening to herself well I actually
forbade Breck from from talking to him
what happened was Rex behavior changed
and he started to not follow sort of
family rules and he his ideology was
changing this is where the story did
Lewis told Breck's
that he was dying and that he wanted to
meet Breck in person
about handing over his billion-dollar
and once again this company didn't James
tells Brett not to tell his parents and
emailed him an elaborate cover story
yeah so Louis created this plan and he
came up with this incredible lie and
then he even came up with another lie to
give breath to tell his family now where
he was going disguised twisted well on
February 16th of 2013 Brett set off to
me Lewis Lewis was 30 miles away from
rec and Lewis even got in the cab now
it's not exactly clear what happened
when they met up but what is clear is
that Breck was murdered Brett was
stabbed in the back of the neck and was
tied up for several hours he also was
sexually assaulted by Lewis and then
Lewis cut is now after Lewis killed
Brett he called 9-1-1 himself came up
with an alibi here is just a little bit
of this incredibly disturbing one and
six legs method saying whether I need
police not a forensics team to my dress
please
what happened
my friends and I got into an altercation
and I'm the only one who came out like
are you telling me you killed somebody
yes well well then he went on to explain
how he did I am self-defense for my left
arm up to block him from stabbing me
effectively the struggle I got the knife
and I stabbed him once in the back of
the neck I believe somewhere near the
brain stem he turned around tried to
carry it on and I I think I stumbled on
my chest rose I fell over I got back up
backed away and then remember exactly
what happened that the fight ended with
me cutting his cloak so Luis admitted to
killing Breck made of a story that it
was some fight that just went wrong but
he really had claimed the entire thing
now Luis will be in prison for the rest
of his life thank God and Brett's mom is
fighting right now to increase awareness
of online predators something like this
doesn't happen
I can't believe I've lost my gorgeous
son I have to find a way to help other
people and other teenagers to understand
the dangers of online predators that one
is so incredibly disturbing but even
more disturbing because they were kids
I mean technically 18 as an adult still
so young and you think you're just like
going to meet up with your friends you
met online and then it ends in one of
the most brutal murders I've ever heard
of okay now this next story is crazy so
please stay with me this involves two
cat Fisher's so online there was an 18
year old girl whose screen name was tall
hot blonde and an 18 year old guy whose
screen name was a Marine sniper and they
fell in love a beautiful southern girl
and a handsome marine on his way to Iraq
who would've thought it would lead to a
two-year affair a love triangle and more
what all hot runs was actually a 45 year
old woman and Marine sniper was a 45
year old man and they were catfishing
each other that has the marine in dress
blues is actually 46 year old Thomas
Montgomery I know crazy but this is the
gross part tall ha blonde the 45 year
old woman was using pictures of her own
daughter now that isn't gross enough she
also sent him her daughter's panties and
said they were hers anyways the two of
them had no idea that they were
catfishing each other and they started
falling in love I mean they send each
other notes back and forth with like
really intense things Marine sniper
would say I have found my perfect angel
and I'm never leaving you till you tell
me to no one else will make me leave I
will fight them to the death baby tall
hot blonde said my world my everything I
love you always and forever okay so
they're having their little love story
and then this is where it gets even
crazier
so Marine snipers real name is Tom
and he has a real wife named Cindy now
Cindy found out that he was cheating on
her with some woman online and he wrote
the woman marry along email saying hey
my husband's not 18 he's 46 and he's
lying to you oh and he's married to me
well tall hot blonde got really fucking
pissed I wanted to get revenge she
decided to start flirting with one of
Tommy's coworkers named Brian Barrett
and he was 22 years old
now for some Barrett's getting these
messages from this young hot looking 18
year old girl he's going to respond I'm
just going to well Tommy found out that
Barrett had been talking to tall hot
blonde I see God well one day after work
Brian Barrett was getting into his car
and Tommy walked up and shot him in his
body sat dead in the car for two days
before was discovered now Tommy was
given 25 years in prison and of course
his wife Cindy divorced and the crazy
thing tall hot blonde or a real name
Mary wasn't convicted of anything
because technically she didn't commit a
crime
but when her daughter found out that she
had been using her pictures and her
panties her daughter said she would
never talk to her again it's so sad that
an innocent 22 year old guy lost his
life because too fucking insane the
people on the internet were catfishing
each other I can't even process it okay
now this next story doesn't end in
murder but it is crazy that this stuff
happens it happens a lot this is the
story of Leah Palmer so Leah Palmer with
a fashionista and a lifestyle
Instagrammer she was beautiful single
carefree and lived a life of a queen she
even had some online relationships some
of the people had followed her Leah
Palmer's life seemed really great except
for the fact that Leah Palmer didn't
exist okay so here's what happened some
random person took a bunch of pictures
from a real woman named Ruth well they
created this Instagram account and
created this fake life for this woman
named Leah well one day rooks friend
said hey girl is this you and she was
fucking terrified but here's a crazy
part Ruth did everything she could to
have this account taken down but every
we'll get taken down I knew what would
happen and there's really nothing she
could do like it was just going to keep
happening and if you read some of the
comments this Lea person was getting so
into it there's no place I'd rather be
a fan says I'm jealous where are you
Leah says Dubai babe well then people
slowly started figuring out that this is
safe you freaked it today you stealing
someone else's photos get a life I feel
really sorry now this is something that
happens to me all the time I see fake
you know instagrams and Twitter's and
Facebook's and everything of me some of
them have like really old pictures that
I've never posted online like I don't
know how they got them but they did
luckily nobody believes that's me
because I mean have followers on other
things so clearly me and now all these
people she's Leon who's not one it's
just it's so creepy to be because yes
it's not crazy like nobody died but
there's this person living this fake
like using her pictures for a long time
side note if you guys see these comments
on my YouTube videos that are from me
and they say hey guys win a free iPad
click here
please stop keeping that thumbs up but
it obviously got me if they want it to
be more realistic they will be giving
away food alright sorry back to the
serious stuff okay now this next one is
insane and probably one of the craziest
catfishing stories I've ever heard this
is the catfishing of an NBA star and
Chris Anderson now this story is so
insane even lead from catfishes talked
about this is probably one of the most
complicated and confusing catfish
stories I've ever heard
okay so this is complicated so I'm going
to try to explain it the best I can but
basically somebody created a bunch of
different online personas in order to
ruin the life of NBA star Chris Anderson
now there was a woman in Canada named
Shelly chachi now Shelly pretended to be
both Chris Anderson and an Instagram
model named Paris until her plan was to
catfish both of them into thinking they
were in a relationship with each other
now I know you're thinking why would she
do that
well Paris was only 17 but when she was
pretending to be Paris and talking to
Chris she told him that she was older
she's legal well she convinced Chris to
meet her
and as Chris she convinced Paris to meet
him she created their relationship
without them ever actually talking to
each other
Paris and Chris never directly
communicated with each other all of
their messages were going through this
operator this catfish now she even got
Paris to fly to meet Chris in person now
Chris and Paris spent romantic weekend
together and then weeks later they came
out that she was underage and now
everybody's calling Chris a pedophile
well then this is where it gets even
fucking crazy
Shelley creates another person now this
person's name is Tom tape now as Tom
Taylor Shelley started threatening Paris
and saying things like she was going to
kill her he said that he was going to
send somebody down there and he was
going to have me raped and murdered and
thrown on the side of the street now
this is when Chris is entire world fell
apart he was fired a lot of millions of
dollars and pretty much everybody in the
public scene the cost even went to his
house and rated it looking for child
porn of course none as far as the police
can tell paris underage did in fact meet
with and sleep with chris anderson and
there these photos that chris is
apparently posted so now as far as the
police support we can tell they're
dealing with a case of child pornography
so eventually after all the
investigations and countless
testimonials it was found out who was
behind all this who orchestrated all of
these events
it was Shelley the cat mission has been
located in the province of Manitoba in a
tiny speck of a town here she is the
puppet master a soft-spoken childlike
woman a member of the Queen nation 33
year old Shelley Chartier Shelly was
convicted and she spent 18 months in
prison but a trial is not quite over yet
and she could end up getting 24 years in
jail okay now this last one is very
intense because it involves something
that a lot of closeted men do this
involves Craigslist hookup God so there
was a 30 year old man named David who
had it all good looks he was a lawyer he
did very well financially and even
had a wife but David was living a double
life David had a habit of going on a
Craigslist finding guys to hook up with
having sex one night David thought he
was going to hook up with the man he met
on Craigslist in hotel room but it turns
out that it was not pretending to be a
man was a 21 year old woman ninja my rep
gal now her and her girlfriend came up
with a very clever of a twisted plan
they wanted to rob somebody but they
didn't want to get caught so they
figured if they hooked up with a rich
guy on Craigslist and robbed him he
wouldn't tell anybody he wouldn't tell
the cops because he didn't want to get
caught hooking up with a guy Coleman
allegedly posed as a man with the
intention of robbing him then stabbed
him at least seven times after he tried
to stop her from leaving while the plan
did not go well and something happened
during that robbery that went wrong and
Jumeirah ended up stabbing David seven
times she even stabbed him once directly
in well she left his dead body in the
hotel room but she did rob him
she took $40 in his self now she thought
she was going to get away but then she
looked directly into the security camera
as she was leaving out watch as this
person wearing a hooded sweatshirt
covering his or her face looks right at
surveillance cameras DC police say this
is who they want to talk to about
Anderson High School grad David
Messerschmitts death to my really
sentenced to 24 years in prison all for
$40 well there you guys go those are
some of the creepiest and the most
insane kappa stories now like I said in
my last catfish video I just once again
want to remind you guys please do your
research if you're meeting up with
somebody met online or dating app please
google them do a background search try
to find mutual friends of theirs and
talk to them because you never know who
actually might be behind the computer
screen now once again I just want to say
I don't mean any disrespect to the
families or anybody involved in any of
these awful situations I just enjoy
talking about twisted and dark stuff and
I know
guys do too so no disrespect all right
you guys if you want more creepy videos
like this give me a thumbs up so I know
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below in the
notification though because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
my last catfishing video or any of my
other creepy videos I'll put a link to a
playlist right at the top of the
description below
alright you guys watch out for catfishes
hi
