I need a vacation change awesome his new
single is on iTunes now get your copy
today
Wow let's see let's see
here we go
I don't know
wait are we bolt straight hi well
speaking of straight you're on our way
to go see Katy Perry pardon me haha yeah
you got me there that was the vote came
up we've gotta know we're gonna vote
when we get to the theater here's the
choices everybody Katy Perry pardon me
fair's number I bet madea's witness
protection starring Denise Richards
sweet baby legendary Oh spy man baby
Jesus
I vote swear as well so I'm all good for
different reasons um mostly good really
that's what that's adjective you want to
use good
well Magog interesting very clear for
reasons America laugh at well Katy
Perry's pardon me Steve explain what's
good about it everything hurt her
awkwardly hugging fans and then and then
for thinking that she like basically
helped them in such a huge way like like
hugging someone in a wheelchair and be
like Oh can't you get up and walk now I
think shit like that that's very good
that's very good okay now I was trying
to explain it the good about Madea well
there's black people and you know I'm
always a family actually now I have no
back for him this way I get exposure to
black people yeah yeah put it that way
now that way I do my research
yeah all right Kate now explain what's
good about spider-man it's just another
superhero movie I like
no one else is a first rounder man
Steve's Ric I'm armor on for listening a
for okay I'm trying to be swayed I want
to know where I should go now for all of
those explanations
I feel like Katy Perry part of me was
the winner let me tell you something
as someone who personally hates
themselves hyper and I and I and I know
I'm in I'm in good company yeah for some
like I feel like I deserve to be
punished and I feel like part of me is
the widow know if punishment is the
factor there is nothing I guaranteed
nothing will be worse than Madea that
might be true and this is like the 99th
Kirk incarnation of Madea
I guarantee there will be nothing worse
look I'm all about punishing myself but
I don't want to cut my dick off oh you
need to be specific but you may have
punished well I guess we're just gonna
have to wait and see what sold out you
guys I'm gonna ask them I'm gonna ask my
favorite black homeless woman oh yeah
that movie I should see I hope she's
there she said she knows your name to me
no I mean she called me Suzy but then
she finally gets to shake shames in the
movies but not your name Yeah right
fucking bitch on the town everybody on
the town god you're losing it
it lasted you can live in your shit man
but just realize I'm trying to make our
night clean so interest those like wait
a minute this guy fucking vlogging right
now that's what that's how he open it
we're on the town on the town and
everybody here My Big Fat Greek
restaurant Freddie its day 1:40 cut the
guy a break okay hey leave me alone I'm
out of ideas
Donna mouth pop again give me something
do something black that's in this video
because do something black I know so we
are on our way to movie I'm very excited
is
pack tonight look how crowded it is I'm
very looking at all the children I can't
just eyeball fucking hard you see that I
asked how am i fuckin he was into it I
was uncomfortable big ass summer big
it's gonna be a good night okay guys my
favorite homeless black ladies over
there and I'm gonna ask her what movie
we should go see first I'm gonna see if
she remembers my name
hey do you remember my name Sean J cook
yeah I knew you really thank you okay
I'm doing a survey what movie should we
see Katy Perry's documentary spider-man
spider-man or madea's family reunion my
dear family who you why because it's
fine you do you believe that what was
when you which what you gave her all
doing I'm one more just part of me and
Katy Perry I'm home India Wow know who
Tyler is demographically both wanna see
you were in my with Andy oh that's just
my life Judy stop power me I owe you
girls
well here we are and this is terrifying
we closed space this is real you I
genuinely look retarded when you do
think face that was insane we do it
again
it was me angry no you who you look like
oh did you see that show on Fox the PJs
you look at the video of how this is
gonna be difficult this is way too small
the space oh oh
okay about you're just being very
comfortable
so obviously that long line we chose to
see Katy Perry part hmm this is all such
actually to stop him indeed always being
away in look at the shoulder mal and how
they want to see metier metier know uh
we're in life of spider-man obviously
and we are very upset because this is a
very small space I'm claustrophobic
possibly but I need people chattering
and I don't hate people but I don't
shower we're doing now and I've had a
fart all night wow it's a nice creepy
night right now Shawn is doing her
Britney Spears impression there's me but
these walls
it's very Britney Spears me against the
music all right so that's the quick here
I'll get by the way so do your
impression come on do it do the
impression go full force
what a day
actually Steve Volta I save your turn I
do your impression yes I'm a skank you
favorites you know Whiteface no I Steve
90 years just make it up all right
oh wow it's like you're definitely like
I need an ambulance
yeah you know what I just got me I just
trusted that side of meeting you guys
now we're gonna open it up again
oh he was wrong wait was wrong she liked
it
what's wrong lies tell me that
and we're done guess what movie we saw
guys spider-man oh we already told you
that we saw spider-man and now after
watching a movie I feel like I could
jump and fly don't you why he didn't fly
today no did he do what movie did you
watch Katie Fairy pardon me of that
that's true that we were Volvo I
honestly wish that we did two that I
know well here's the thing like
spider-man was good it was a great movie
but I didn't care about it like the
whole time I'm like I'm bored
it's good but I don't care like it
wasn't like fun like the other
spider-man's like there wasn't like
funny parts like fun and Kirsten Dunst
wasn't there snaggletooth wasn't there
like I just wasn't there I wasn't in it
what do you what about you what you
think ah yeah no it took itself really
seriously really sit by the way like
when I've hand over to you like you look
like spider-man like a cooler version oh
well thank you very much look at you I
guess I mix I don't even okay no no no
um what did you guys think
spider-man remind you a youtuber which
one a little bit oh I would have liked
that movie
see you later bye if Dave Jesus whether
me still remembers my time in get his
ass kicked the whole time who would the
villain be Miley Cyrus oh my god it
writes itself
alright you guys I hope you had fun hang
with us Oh question of the day have you
seen spider-man um and if not and what
you think and if not who's your favorite
superhero - Steve green these super
people
alright I love you I know mine is a
black homeless lady back there still
remembers my name after four years you
guys are love you bye Wow Steve common
Tom Shane space football you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls - well you let
their comments now about you
