where is out of fireworks where did it
go
wait another fire let's go it's fucking
cool oh dear now they're there oh wait
huh No homemade shit I think there's a
gunshot
um so it is worth of July yeah we're
driving around you're just foggy now you
missed out on everything I know well the
whole first part of the day was just
stuffing our faces now I'm gonna vomit
she's gonna take a dive going away so
now we're driving her and they're trying
to find fireworks Oh firework never
might have to breathe is they're not
legal here in LA so when you see him you
run for him and you try to videotape
them where's Katy Perry was it was at
its the fling and fireworks where
there's a helicopter
it's not a firework so what should we do
guys should we keep hunting for
fireworks or should we go home and make
our own fireworks in the toilet pooping
in the fire look at all these people
they saw fireworks where'd you guys see
fireworks excuse me where did you wait
wait I heard where wait wait I hear what
I hear when I was trying to fart when I
first met you you were like I don't
really like ever fern I didn't I
honestly starting like four months ago
you lay them think and ah no I do not
fart okay before you
right I just brought them if you're out
on the fuck you know why I don't worry
I'm not gonna hit them they're fine okay
I almost hit one I didn't I did not for
it but then because of you we've been
trying different food you're like let's
try a Thai restaurant you need a branch
Oh out oh let's try it this or let's try
veggie sausage all these things that
I've never tried before
they're bringing my stomach to a boil
and the boil is boiling over every day
who ambulance Oh
maybe somebody pull off their hand with
a firework I don't know what I'd rather
see a firework or hand blown off that's
a tough one oh I must do that oh I was
so close
Oh somebody threw up on my car earlier
who that was probably me oh so we're
getting home now from our little
barbecue that I'm sorry I didn't film I
mean in all reality we were just hanging
out with people that don't really
understand vlogging and how is it well
embarrassed
oh are you a little embarrassed of me
when I bought
that's a yes so we decided to make a
pact because we both feel horrible she's
walking away she's walking into traffic
she needs to take a couple huh people
feel horrible right now so starting
tomorrow which is my motto we are gonna
be healthy so and I want you guys to
join me if you want to if you want to
stay unhealthy fuck you do it tell me
about it
tell me how talk about tastes and this
is so much um so I'm gonna try to do
water just water no more diet sodas
we're about to go into Lisa's house I'm
gonna take out all my snacks throw them
away
take out all made all my fake sweeteners
and I'm gonna try to go hard go hard to
go home and see what happens like just
try it you know and you guys can try it
too so leave this comment of the day
should be what is your favorite junk
food and what's your favorite healthy
food my favorite hard experiment she's
throwing stuff out all right I'll be in
in a second first Mira Shan how do you
think I look I think you look fat man
real fucking fat like dear friend you're
not near Shan Q damn motherfucker
gone off the deep edge people I'm
looking at you I gonna vomit all right
we're starting the fridge wish me luck
Jesus
wish me luck peewee wish me luck black
woman with dreadlocks or Jimi Hendrix
whoever that is all right dark chocolate
covered blueberries that I ate almost
all up goodbye
pear chocolate almond far that it's
healthy right because it's fruit
Oh chocolate almond butter who really
needs that fuck you Justin cookies to me
cookies don't spell health cookies spell
fat-ass let's look in the cupboard
there's really nothing in here oh I see
you hiding back there it's a cake mixed
you know I'm not desperate enough to eat
dry cake mix but I am desperate enough
to eat a half-eaten granola bar so
throwing it away and that's about it
there's really not that much in here
well I'll make fake sweeteners which I
guess aren't as healthy as they seem
oh it's a grape drink Oh Shauna's gonna
be pissed
no I don't care throwing it away no I'm
now can we take down the sign it's
really hard to look at I mean that's
hard to look at that just looks like a
dirty butthole with a gaping wound it's
somewhat of a hemorrhoid I guess that's
it you guys I guess I cleaned house now
Joffrey you better not go through the
trash in the middle of the night and eat
those things cuz you know if they
disappear I'm gonna blame it on you fat
fuck just kidding Lionel's a fat fuck
so guys let me know if you're gonna do
this to in the comments like tell me do
you want to lose weight do you just want
to feel healthy like what else are you
gonna do I'm gonna go to the gym
tomorrow I need to get back on track
I really feel like I'm letting myself go
I mean not really like I haven't really
gained any weight but like health-wise
I'm dying slowly like right now like
there's a baby inside and this baby
wants to be born that sounds wrong you
know what I mean I want to take a shit
every night like I don't want to just
take one shit a week like I've been
taking I want to take shits multiple
times a day and I feel like if I start
being healthier that's gonna happen I
don't want to just like store it all up
and then have a precious I mean every
day I want to have one of the cast
members of
Madea movie and then by the end of the
week it's a family reunion no but in all
seriousness I just want to be healthy
again and I want to make you guys
healthy too so let's do this together
right
Yeah right I'm gonna fart on camera
let's do it I want to be open with you
guys come on
see I can't even fart anymore oh did you
hear
Oh was it quiet but deadly oh happy
fourth of July
Oh America the stinky all right you guys
sorry the vlogs this week August 4th a
month all right let's do it
we're gonna we're gonna do this for one
month I'm gonna do this for the rest of
my life but let's try it for one month
and then in one month we'll do a checkup
we'll do a weigh-in okay before oh
that's terrible
all right you guys sorry these vlogs
have been so short and random I swear to
god I'm gonna get back on track you guys
health wise and vlog wise so I will see
you guys tomorrow hope you have fun hang
with me we have fun hanging with you I
just vomited I just vomited in my mouth
bye
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
