oh you're bored as fuck well you're in a
wha hey what's up you guys um so I just
uploaded the vacation song music video
and I'm shaking I'm so excited it is
Saturday morning right now and check out
my really high-quality uploading center
a cheer on my bed I had it up here
because because my internet upstairs is
a lot better um and yes I do have a desk
but it's covered in closing underwear
okay leave me alone so I just put the
music video up I'm reading the comments
like crazy I'm freaking out I'm hoping
everybody likes it I'm also nervous
because today is VidCon and I'm trying
to figure out what to wear and I usually
wear my vest that's usually my go-to but
at least is like you're not wearing a
vest this year you're with me now you
can't be wearing a vest so who um I
don't know I might just wear this is too
boring this is just like a black button
up with jeans is it boring it's kind of
funeral right I mean listen this music
video could be the death of my career so
it works so today's gonna be fun because
this is gonna be Shauna and Lauren's
first time at VidCon and I don't think
they understand what Vacon is they don't
think anybody knows who they are I feel
like people are gonna know who they are
and I feel like they're gonna be really
scared really overwhelmed and probably
slap a couple 12-year olds so it's gonna
be a good day
so as always my mom is here bringing in
the music video with tiny - hey guys
what do they think what do you think of
the music video oh my gosh I'm so
excited we're just about to dance you
want to see us all dance to it yep oh my
god oh my god
orgy fun as you thought oh we're here in
the car and look who's coming
look at those 10 get it get it oh oh how
you doing give me somebody put on a
dress ha ha oh my god show your eyes so
we put on a little make a lot of sex
going on right there wearing oh my god
would you lightning man please oh my god
am uncomfortable oh my god I'm gay
okay we're here and we're lost
it's really hot I have to pee I have
diarrhea and we're lost
oh my god it's uh by the way I just told
Shauna I'm like get ready cuz your mouth
is gonna be tired at the end of day
you're gonna be tongue popping all day
put it out of the universe you know all
these kids may be like Shauna do the
tongue pup and you're gonna have like a
ten-year-old girl going and I'm of the
school I'm up I'm up the storm so he's
good yeah yeah you have to teach these
motherfuckers that done by Lauren still
don't even know what it means
embarrassing party at the Holiday Inn
who you wit just some black people and
coupled brain so we're here at the hotel
waiting to go downstairs and we're all
having diarrhea like you can let it pile
out the water with oh my god you've
already been to VidCon how is it oh no I
don't know okay there's just like a tons
and tons of people like I'm walking in
you're walking in all of a sudden during
that shun why Chad they're all gonna
come in they're all they're all very uh
nice there's a few special cut to us and
nobody knows who we are
prettiest and I'm fine with that because
I've been diary like I woke up at 5:40
going with anxiety I'm completely fine
if nobody knows her fuck please someone
said she's gonna dress up like you today
what does that even mean a big way at
all like lepers she black no she but
she's a big Oh black but she gonna wear
a hot pink we see you can't just be big
people okay just be big people
oh my god insanity oh my god oh yeah oh
it's so look at the real pain real fear
she's just holding it there you're a
terrible my next thought was like twice
- yes you are such a lady sitting on
that sack that's right it right it right
it leave it to you to find the foot by
the way this is the first time that
Lauren and Melissa Melissa from last
year VidCon vlog I always end up in your
blog oh thank god I'm hiding both of my
body this time no stop it
you see the Sun nobody noticed I always
see it later on on YouTube I'm like oh
why no this is the first time that
Lauren and her have met this is very
exciting
we're very similar people in honestly
you guys are kind of the same person
which is why I love you chip Oh
sharing food it started why are you
sitting like that
I mean I'm embarrassed I really don't
like to believe well you know I'm trying
to fool my favorite animal wait you had
your first fan experience you had a line
of people it was a little trippy
well tricky someone's masturbating to
this right oh yeah that someone is me
all right really going hey guess what
guys were on the smiley piano directed
by Michael everybody they're all
University movie when it comes out
October 11th right yes you know whoa
yeah so go to smiling movie calm to find
out what theaters gonna be and you guys
are gonna see it please
so oh just got out of the smiling panel
how do you think it went
it's really good you did really really
well thank you okay so the movie I
briefly said it but if you want to see
the movie you have to go and request it
I'll put the link down below
yes it's worth it it's worth it also if
you want to be in the movie this is
crazy I didn't know about this until
just now any of you guys could be in the
movie they're still filming so if you
preorder the movie yeah three or two the
movie before the end of July before the
end of July and then ten of you guys
will be picked to be in the movie with
us so hey maybe we'll kill you maybe if
you're lucky she'll probably kill you so
right now we are getting ready trying to
figure what we're gonna do on stage for
all these people the TV for three days
what's the queue for the song were you
gonna say play the song or do you say
I'll probably sit I'll probably she'll
either say run that beat or all say
maybe yes she'll say run Abby so when
she says run that beat one day but I
must say a real Negro so you gotta
listen Desmond
you should play vacation and play a real
Negro and it's gonna happen several
times but we're back still honor
how do we watch fun
he is one of the nicest people I have
ever met in my entire life one of the
most generous and also one of the
funniest and there is not a better story
on YouTube of the power of this
community than Shane Dawson
oh my god I feel like Kelly Clarkson
I pull my pants um five minutes ago he
actually did a dick
lowering backstage is like asking shit
and I was like cuz that's like as I just
I wish it like Oh take it in Lord take
another - you ready
uh no so Lori is going to - I guess we
could three people already right but
that means we have room from one oh we
do so who can do a good Sheneneh who
wants to get up here with us and dance
and scare the whole audience terrified
terrified
Lauren pick the crazy one I want to get
stabbed music Keiko drop that beat me
today
I feel real free like
Oh
that made me sad
I thought me but losing you back we're
having a stroke I felt bad I'm dead and
I look boss okay
so bright so we are ending the night
everybody how was your big con
experience what's up okay
so amazing I loved it I loved it all got
to see some wonderful amazing people
know I got to see dear love you got to
see a lot of a lot of Lea here you make
up a question of the day okay
question of the day uh what youtuber
would you want to punch in the face oh
that's good but then we have to give
three youtuber here okay all right uh
let's think um okay jenna Marbles a
total bus kiss one more you guys big oh
okay
oh my god there's so many going Smosh
will kantham is one which one would you
marry which one would you fuck which one
would you kill alright you guys so leave
your answers down in the comments and I
hope you have fun hanging with us
because we have fun hanging with you and
you shouldn't you should do a dance it's
forcing you to dance yeah yeah yeah ah
yeah yeah uh-huh
get it get it yeah and in the seat
amazing we love you guys brah
see the comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well you let their comments now about
you
