I'm in my underwear it's that kind of
vlog and I have a draft next to me a
wicker dress it's really that kind of
vlog hey what's up you guys so I decided
to do something a little bit different
today because mostly today I'm just
sitting around stressing out about
VidCon tomorrow because I'm always
freaking out I don't know to where I'm
getting diarrhea I'm scared that my hair
is gonna get frizzy I'm scared that
somebody's gonna stab me and scared that
jenna Marbles isn't gonna let me
motorboat her you know just lots of
little scares so I thought today would
be fun if I took some of your guys's
ideas from my Twitter my facebook for
topics and I would just randomly talk
about it and the first topic is from
Paige and she says talk about VidCon
well I'm gonna be a VidCon tomorrow
Saturday I'm gonna be on stage with
Shana asking me interesting at 3:45 I
think and we're gonna be judging a
shanaynay costume competition so
basically if you're coming to VidCon
dress up as Sheneneh if you want and
you're gonna come on stage with us and
we're gonna ask you to do your best
dance move your best Sheneneh
impersonation and your best imitation of
killing somebody with a fake gun which
is what she Natan would do so please
please I hope some of you guys come and
want to be a part of it if not it's
gonna be me and Shana on stage being
like which would be funny all those
Shana would be more like yeah hope says
talk about your new music video that is
also going up tomorrow so I'm freaking
out I'm nervous I hope you guys like it
you guys seem to be liking the vacation
song a lot of you guys got it on iTunes
which means the world to me so hopefully
you guys will like the music video Katie
wants to talk about how much money
youtubers make um well considering my
underwear have a hole in the garage that
much money
Cindy wants to know what are my thoughts
on Fifty Shades of Grey
speaking of Fifty Shades of Grey did you
guys hear the Miley Cyrus it might be in
the movie version I mean let's all take
a moment embrace it I might cry oh it's
gonna be amazingly bad I've been wanting
to watch Miley Cyrus naked with a gag in
her mouth for years I've been waiting
for somebody to beat the shit out of her
with the whip since party in USA I mean
I'm ready that's what that books about
right I don't know
Christine wants me to talk about one
direction what I don't understand about
these whole boy bands is like it's a
formula now there's one with fucked up
hair Kevin Jonas Harry Styles like five
of the Backstreet Boys
there's one super gay one Lance Bass the
blond one from One Direction like five
of the Backstreet Boys and then there's
one sweet one Nick Jonas that other guy
from one direction and well like five of
the Backstreet Boys they all have the
same formula and people keep buying it
people keep thinking it's real it's not
real
some guys sat down in a room and it was
like I'm gonna make a boy band guess is
what I'm gonna do what I'm gonna pick
this and I'm gonna have black people
write all their music so that it's
catchy okay I take that back black
people did not write Hilary Duff's music
deaf people did Sergio says talk about
something funny for once okay Sergio
let's enlarge your profile page yep
that's pretty funny Elena said gay homo
faggots beaners black niggers well I
think you pretty much covered it Elena
Zachary says talk about your girlfriend
me and Lise have been dating for six
months now and I haven't fucked it up
yet
and it's going really really well and I
love her a lot
and I think she loves me a lot when
she's not you know screaming and telling
me how much she hates me
which is a lot maybe this is not going
well and we have our first animal
together and we haven't killed it yet
and yeah we're not really ready for kids
James says talk about porn
oh speaking of Lisa it's a text message
it's so dirty
speaking of porn okay I'm lying it's a
picture of her and my mom in a hair
salon this is my life while we're
looking at pictures somebody decided to
draw Shauna and it is now the background
to my phone Evan wants me to talk about
my obsession with puppets um it's funny
bring that up because I actually got a
new puppy yesterday let me go grab him
for you let me introduce into the world
fuck you wake me up because we wanted to
introduce you to my friends
man unless he's a bunch of stains on
your keyboard damn you sure like
mayonnaise okay so maybe I haven't
really figured out his voice yet because
all my puppets sound like 45 year old
black men but um I'm thinking he's
Mexican because his name is cilantro get
it Dan that was stupid but I've kind of
become obsessed with them and mainly
because let me show you puppets are
creepy and hilarious but they're even
creepier and more hilarious when you
have them lip sing music for example
I told you it's disturbing but he's so
cute going oh my god he's so sad he's
still staring at us are you guys those
are all the topics that I felt like
talking about today question of the day
leave me some more topics that you think
I should talk about alright you guys I
love you I will see you at VidCon
tomorrow and tomorrow with my new music
video and on your iPhone's hopefully
you're listening to my new song all
right you guys I'm gonna go put some
pants on I love you
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
