ah if you're bored as fuck but you're in
luck your monster ain't shy
Oh
ah
those are called ad libs
okay that's what real musicians if you
were a singer you would know that ad
libs are it's like that you know it's
like that icing on the cake it's like
the sprinkles on the Froyo it's like the
hot sauce on the Mexican food it just
spices it up honestly it scares me that
he just pressed on the gas without
looking out at the road we're at a red
light and I said it's green and he just
stepped listen listen tonneau haha so
you have to know I'm so we are on our
way to a mall and I'm very excited first
of all I love malls second of all it's a
black ball I'm giddy
it's up like I mean is it racist to say
it's a black mom I don't know I'm not
gonna say no it's not racist it's
honestly the truth I was Shawna was with
us right now actually she hates black
people so she wouldn't like this but
basically it's the blackest mall ever
it's right next to the LAX Airport and I
don't know exactly what the mall is
called but it's fucking amazing I not
commenting you tapped on my leg like you
want to come no I stab me like honey
maybe you should join you too hahahaha
no honestly every single person at this
mall is black and I love them all and I
mean listen everybody thinks I'm racist
cuz I talk about black do whatever I
love black people
like I love black people more than I
love white people I don't even like
white people that much I don't like
going to white people moles I go to
black your moles they had the best
stores they have the best food
everything's cheap and all the music is
like Rihanna and alia 2002 don't stop
the replay all Dubna their bitch on any
day up or go dead you don't know I'm
sorry sorry stop pretending like you
don't know me you're innocent cars me
you guys you don't think this is so
charming but you're I spend in your life
with this guy it's the best it's the
best stuff no no no you you already
offended me it's fine it's fine
ah don't kiss me after you make fun of
he's racist mm-hmm we are here happy
black mom and when I said that I was not
kidding you guys
there is a
black barbershop
fucking mom I mean this is amazing
I'm in heaven ten minutes equals one
hour at the jam is the biggest
I want to try it if I try le film it
they all would like to have Parkinsons
this is really disturbing oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
they have it have millions of milkshakes
have you ever been here before
basically every celebrity has their own
flavor what's your flavor oh I'm not a
celebrity but if I was my flavor would
be Falls sweaty there's children
oh well children will know it's balls
all right here's the game I'm gonna say
celebrity do you guess what their
flavors okay all right
Shaquille O'Neal chocolate the yogurt
with big chocolate milk balls close
pineapple not close it up all right one
more Miley Cyrus wait what Miley Cyrus
gluten free little nibbles of granola
cookie dough and Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup that is that is before Miley Cyrus
started her whole gluten free kick
there's ol Maui
I mean this mall just keeps getting
better every second
look how fast she's putting her weave in
shawn has some competition when she's
laughing at me
she got my joke how come you never laugh
at me it's not true you everybody was
forced but I'll take it
why are they advertising white people
movies
confused huh oh my god candy candy candy
candy candy candy keep it going can we
going can we going can we go oh my god I
just found my new best friend which it
is named B I don't know if this is
racist or or an homage to the mall or an
homage to this mall blackface so what
does that mean does that mean like take
your black face off with it oh no it's a
prank it turns your Facebook
- did to mom my mom's already black hey
look it's an homage to you kidding
fish I met hot sweet I met hot sweet
because now you're gonna have I'm 23 and
I'm listening to color my Jepson hey
guys um so I am on my way back from
hanging out with Lisa and I am going to
have a rider's meeting tonight with
Lauren and Shana and drew and Steve so
it's gonna be a lot of fun and then
after that Mike who you guys know from
previous vlogs where he was wearing a
speedo laying on my kitchen counter is
back in town for VidCon so he's gonna be
hanging out here his family's here and
we're gonna go out to didn't so it's
gonna be exciting lots of people in this
vlog it's usually just me so this is
very new and exciting and scary how do
we act around people Oh No show my dick
right that's what you do around people
strangers I think I guess we'll find out
getting in the daily fiber by the way
what blind Girl Scout made your bracelet
it's beautiful you know I love it
nobody's gonna be trending this is
called this is an evil eye did you make
that it takes away all the bed the bad
spirits I don't know why you're near me
you're dressed like you're going to a
funeral a funeral in the summer but it
was flip-flop guys yeah speaking of
which we're very excited
um the vacation song has been playing on
the radio because you guys are
requesting it so keep doing it request
all your local radio stations call them
tweet them whatever clearly needs a new
pair of shoes
so obviously um no so that's awesome I'm
freaking out I still haven't heard it
yet I want to hear it she's talking to
UM one of the guys that's in like
marketing for the song so she's trying
to figure out what's what's the next
step and look who's here speak of next
step well you a-hole next step you know
the whole new level I'm a whole lotta
liver I was talking to my sister so I'm
kind of think right now you are yeah I'm
a little thick look what ooh I love the
dress with the flip-flops this is the
thing for the summer everybody's doing
it how come I'm not doing it
yeah you do need a dress for this oh my
god fuck do I never do
yeah you do need a fire hmm I can't talk
right now
well I it's fine it's fine watch low
that's Oh Raymond you'll be fine I'll be
all right
Oh BA that's better whew good look who's
here
did you guys information you go get some
money wait you got an accident what
about your bag what about your boots
again yeah yeah yeah yo knees he's like
I just got into a suit yeah he'll be
joking yeah damn happy so sad well IRA
says not to do that hey guys exactly
because this may come man you come back
now I've been in an accident for and I
said some stupid stuff and I it was like
a Mack truck slam to the back of my car
and I stupidly was really nice I don't
like lawyers involved like make sure it
wasn't iPhone at all and like she
basically pulled it out of me that I had
a back situation like years ago and they
use that recording against me and like I
could have probably gotten like 20 grand
and I only I got like pee now you're
sitting on a stupid ah damn damn can't
do prairies and somebody reread me yeah
girl I know a lot of minute would really
and I was laying right there free bird I
have a new crush oh wait Shawna can you
pick her up oh when she go black you
don't miss something really creepy I
segue for like a Kathy Griffin Show oh
yeah there we go give yourself some
credit
it I'm thicker speaking of creepy Hey
that I thought that I thought that I
can't run anymore he got into a car
oh I just got rear-ended so bad where's
your turn right over there
fine sheath that see it on uh on this
side you see the back of it thank you
mom for look what my mom left us just
she's beautiful yellow notepads and
animal print hands city days colored she
knows she knows you know what that I
want the tiger and she left us this
beautiful puppet what was his name
oh um fuck it was something black I
don't know real something like that
DeAndre DeAndre I was nephews name
really I were to him I worked a pool
store my boss's name is DeAndre that is
my hit a block party and they make so
many biscuits
it was just biscuits impossible lady
tells wait just just so you get a taste
of his personality and say something
nice to him Liv sir big I gave him a
smile and just another taste of his
personality um pretend like you're him
he talks like a black man and say
something dirty to Shana and then and
then when I turn back around go mm-hmm
okay
and go girl you know I want to get up in
your lady genius he wants to get over me
he wants to get in your country exactly
is your leg I see I want d'entre to show
me oh one day you'll know come on one
day out oh not true yes yes somebody
should not it's Duncan one Snapple later
and we're ready
the fuck it's so soft
does it taste like it look it does
actually but no so we are brainstorming
for a shanaynay talk show that we think
will be fun
we're shanaynay interviews random people
so we're thinking like leave a comment
who should she interview like jenna
Marbles or Lucas Cruikshank or Lauren or
what other like random person shows you
or just people on the street like
homeless people or like housekeepers or
you fish you're all day what you have
enough water you don't need all that
water No so yeah so what do you guys
think do you think it'll be fun what do
you think one day we cry we cry trying
to grow anything would be great I don't
why what do you think also good book
right I always trust you I do look at
this beautiful family someone's a dog
dude
or someone the hell no so we are eating
with mine why don't you introduce
everybody this is my sister Lauren and
this is my dad Eugene so is your dad
single no no unfortunately like he is
married oh you look a little too now
yeah you look a little too sad when I
said is she single I believe so no no I
understand which I wouldn't storm down
wait how old are you you're 15
I don't want your fans from you who is
this boy they might go crazy who's this
man or woman I don't judge zebra zebra I
don't judge I judge something about the
street something about the black and the
white so this is your guys's first well
not yours is this you guys this first
time that way
so what's your maybe part that's what
she said no so what's your favorite
parts affine is there um your house and
Hollywood area is that the Hollywood
area because I don't really want to go
there feel like it it's kind of sexy I
get your seems a little bit um so we're
gonna fish um dinner Shauna's gonna
leave without playing yes Dinah ditch
all the time listen I gots to say Toby
you can take a lot of food to keep me in
shape you know man
so I can't afford it I know jack by the
way that won't happen by the way big gun
is coming up very quickly you guys are
quite very excited to see show jeans
great and she's nervous
I mean yeah exciting message I mean it
can't be good to see y'all even yeah
y'all hiring yes so if you're hiring
Shawn I really need to shop here uh so
that's
go where if this beauty and then I'm
going to sleeping what are you guys
gonna do we're gonna party all night
long pretty much can't be party anyway
you can't party either you're not single
oh that's a are you married are you in a
courtship the truth is coming out
literally oh yeah all right you guys
help me I can hang with us here finally
see you later bye Steve common tongue
chain space football you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls do well let their
comments now about you
