haha hey what's up guys so I know where
you are which is the present the
vacation song my song has already come
out and hopefully you've already
downloaded it and masturbated to it but
in the present of my life because I film
these in advance it is coming out
tonight at midnight well in three hours
technically and I am freaking I'm on my
Twitter I'm just tweeting everybody
seeing if people like it because other
places around the world have gotten it
before America so I'm just like freaking
out and like crying and I'm pooping I've
had diarrhea all day but in about an
hour I have some friends coming over so
Steve and Bree and Shauna and Lisa and
Kate and Sawyer and Blair and bunch of
you are going to be coming over and
we're going to a me castle how did I
forget about her um we're gonna just
gonna be having fun dancing crying
pooping getting ready for midnight I'm
so fucking nervous I'm so excited I got
you know it'd be funny if by the time
this vlog comes out everybody hates the
song and it's like a huge flop and you
guys are gonna watch this vlog and be
like this is sad but until then I'm just
gonna dance need a baby
just dance just dance I hope this isn't
a flop how embarrassing
all right we're all excited about Oh
takes you bad girl thanks you back so no
we're all excited oh and everybody's
here look at my mom and Kate and Sean
and Amy Castle so you're our minute Lisa
and Steve and breathe and chocolate all
right so we're gonna go eat some Mexican
food I'm in a vomit cuz I'm so nervous
what do you guys think oh you guys saw
the music video do you like it Oh
somebody say they hated it hey-oh
let's go that was kind of a vacation
song starring Sean his breast free beta
over that music video there was one shot
where I asked the director cuz he was
editing it I'm like did you see Sean his
nipple shower I'm like feeling up
hardcore oh yeah yeah we had a blur some
shit out so we're gonna go eat
I'm gonna divert yang Oh Tom Tom Tom
Sean and Lisa are very intimidated by
the Aimee castle walk
no we're moistens very more she no no
the lights coming all right here's the
light oh wait that's Lea I'm in trance
by this ass yeah dog dog
oh of course like Jesse's out be like
fucking electricity Java the restaurant
that I really wanted to go to this is
America doesn't happen in America
doesn't happen in America back there a
problem well this does happen in Jamaica
logics conditioning family summer right
now's like the powers on I could see my
brother you've grown so much in the past
three years
Oh what are we gonna do you guys smile
in the exit palette that sounds gross
it's not it's not it's like really not
gonna sell at you guys
Mexicali that's what I said I've never
been there just sounds like a fat girl
Mexicali I think I see y'all baby girl
oh my god talking oh my god he's talking
he wants you he wants you back I'm
lactating are you lactating the outcome
of this madness that you were that's
blood
really it's you who let me get something
is that okay right now Shauna is just
raving about her cell rich man was as
good as fuck I normally hate Shane's
favorite restaurant i'ma tell ya who's
robbed location was the sandwich
originally it was hers this lady right
here was she eating I mean that too was
a me oh I'm down can you guys please no
that's my jam oh my god
why I'm so full you guys this to be food
now it's all in and you can't see this
bloated stomach it's insane
and you didn't meet yours I was saving
you don't like me rubbish coming pretty
much where you got a parfait what are
you a fat 12 year old Mexican at
Donald's getting a fucking yogurt
parfait
oh by the way the whole time you were
talking all I can think of is how
there's three striped shirts in a row
it's insane
y'all playing that so we're gonna go
back home and I'm gonna force everybody
to dance cuz my song is officially out
on iTunes now so we're gonna buy it and
shake your tits to it and you probably
gonna populate so much so you won't
drown happy in cupcakes in tinychat this
is my mom's life I swear to god we were
right there
great we're right here the class awesome
for horror what I graduated high school
eight years ago what am i doing
so everybody the chat room is excited
because the song came out did you guys
like it everybody draw penis if you
liked it
yay Josh come on let's see some big ones
please a lot of equal signs there like
we don't know what penises how would we
be looking there's a reason that's a
baby
oh wow Oh actually when you think of it
like that biggest one bet there's only
got one oh yeah definitely not this ugly
so Amy the food critic Charlie by the
way it's like waiting to pounce on you
take it away from you so which one are
you trying and how is it I've read I'm
not positive yeah chocolate you're all
majors peanut butter chocolate Oh Oh
perfect saltiness good my side
goodbye can you guys please good food
creature yeah I can't take you seriously
you have like nasty bugger save it for
later so I clean my palate between
cupcakes
you knew that word say that you ain't
know what the angel McRaven I thought
you just mispronounced play oh wait we
all this night just keeps giving better
now Roberta puppets my favorite puppet
you see that Bri bitch over there I'm
about to fuck that you can take this all
you want no I don't funny this ooh it's
just so stupid okay hey yeah you feed
him oh no oh no he's having regret oh oh
he's very sassy quand le think it wait
that should be the question today what
should this puppets name be and then
we'll make a theme song for him like
it's Quan Dale and then it cuts the
clips of him going and he's like oh
great I like I put it over your face
wait can you motorboat I'm I'm just real
sad cuz I'm trying to find my husband I
I'm so sad I can't find him huh you are
Oh smile sad and then you just learned
that the Asian people don't want sushi
tonight you're like whoa man you shake
you down
mmm so here's I found my mad black
giraffe puppet I'm gonna have Shawna do
the process already hey fuck you looking
at ha ha give me my money bitch I'm
playing give him okay he'll I'm told me
that was wet with Don fearless fuck I
knew it
can you please do all channel just this
fucking giraffe please oh so right now
we are watching what video is this it's
spider-man dances at a birthday party so
basically it's what did you call it it's
a nigga birthday that's how big was
ported first they just say happy
birthday just say happy birthday
literally that's right you do your
karate
look how excited the kids are oh the kid
was doing it back at him oh shit
it was shaking his penis meat did you
see that my god I don't want my birthday
- I don't know what to be with she girl
was but she don't be a home alright you
guys so it is official I just bought the
song the vacation song on iTunes and we
are gonna do what we did last time when
about super love it's a tradition now we
are going to dance like we've never
danced before
yeah oh my god that was starting come on
Oh
there you go you guys dancing so hard
you better buy the song because we we
worked hard for it right guys the
vacation of my neighbors did not look
okay so show us your talent
okay all right now do this do something
look this is a creepiest thing into this
is the most disturbing
well guys on that note the night is over
Laurie made me buy it that is your
vagina right yeah bitch
oh my god I love it um well guys to CNN
that and first of all I just want to say
thank you to all my friends who came to
support this song coming out thank you
guys
Thank You Shauna for grabbing her pussy
during my speech
and once you wouldn't every uh 38:41
yeah 41 on the pop charts and if you
guys get uh us to the top ten I say us
cuz I feel like you guys are with me on
this one touch your vagina yeah whoa you
should have shot I do that oh my god if
we get to the dot can you guys Shana
we'll splits over watermelon what would
I do
fine okay
other question of the day what should I
do if we get in the top ten leave a
comment anything the whole world and
that's it I love you guys so much you're
the best I love you guys so much
yeah and let's all say goodbye Shawna's
vagina Steve a common tongue Shane's
Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
