right now I'm creeping through a jungle
what I see oh wow
look how fat that dog is damn is it even
alive did it eat itself to death oh it
can barely even run away ones that don't
run run run run run
Oh fat dog is faster than I thought it
was exactly you dirty little pussy hey
guys so I am back at my house and I
noticed that my mom did some rearrange
furniture is different when did that
happen it's good it's interesting Dolly
Parton's still there thank God
and you're still in your cage thank God
so I just came home to grab some stuff
and take a shower and get ready for
today because I am gonna be meeting with
Zeek the guy in writing the movie with
so that's gonna be fun we're gonna start
well we've already started but we're
gonna continue writing the movie trying
to figure out exactly how funny or how
scary I want it to be because right now
it's kind of really funny not that scary
and I kind of want it to be scarier so
we're gonna do that and then I think I'm
gonna eat some Brussels sprouts and then
I'm gonna laugh at this magnet I got in
Cambria which is an otter sing just
giggling that was $20 waste of money
I know my hair's a mess okay we just saw
it two seconds ago when I was in the
house we're gonna talk about it again
really so I'm driving um and I wanted to
have a little chat with you guys just to
catch up and say what's up I know you
guys see me everyday so you kind of know
what's up so I guess this chat is gonna
be short this is up so something I
forgot to tell you guys about last week
I was in an episode of beauty vlogger
boot camp which is juices my friends you
see star or Blair here's this like web
series where it's kind of like Top Chef
that's a terrible similarity it's a it's
like Project Runway for you know YouTube
vloggers or whatever so basically she
was like hey do you want to be in one
and I was like well only if I'm Sheneneh
and only if I get to make fun of the
contestants and she said yes so Sheneneh
is interviewing the top two finalists
and it's really fucking funny I'm not
getting paid to promote it they didn't
even ask me to talk about it but it's so
funny that I wanted to tell you guys
about it because it's pretty fucking
awesome
so Sheneneh I think the episode is up
now and then there's another episode
coming up soon I'll put the links down
in the garage but they sent me over some
too hot for YouTube clips of Sheneneh
saying terrible things so I thought it'd
be fun if I showed you guys those so
without further ado here is Sheneneh
offending the world our last celebrity
is Justin Bieber now I think she's ready
for makeup she's grown up enough think
she she looks a little butch what would
you do I know it this is like a huge sin
if like the dust and Bieber fans out
there gonna be like if I said cut his
hair maybe a little shorter since he's
getting older and shorter
why not you're not trying to send her to
the army Reza you're trying to get her
pretty what would you do throw some
bleep there slap it with some makeup
slap it in the butt for fun so is it
Justin Bieber or Justin Bieber
are you saying this isn't a woman oh so
there you go if that was fun
what was really fun about that was the
girls didn't know who I was really so
they thought Sheneneh was an actual drag
queen so they were terrified of her it
was amazing the whole time they were
just like confused because I wasn't
really breaking character and I was like
hey I'm about to go to the bathroom is
that cool are we taking a five-minute
break we good it's hot in here if
somebody smoking weed why didn't I get
any
where's craft service table is there
Coke in it let's just say those girls
will never forget that day ever but it
really got me thinking maybe I should do
a Sheneneh talk-show I know I've talked
about doing a talk show before and I
still want to do one but I don't know
fun to do like a stupid low-budget
Sheneneh talk show like on my second
channel or something and just interview
random fucking people just like homeless
people or the lady at Walmart or a
youtuber what do you guys think would
that be fun and if so who should
sheneneh's first guest me leave a
comment question of the day all right
back to the radio let's see what's on
now
forget it I'll sing myself oh no no it's
terrible I'll just sit in silence
Mexican with a truck full of stuff this
is a good day
oh is that Kim Kardashian and that
sweatshirt jumper nope
you look good in night vision from this
angle so true the higher the angle that
was a very tall so it's hard to get
yesterday so we are here Sarah hey that
was interesting yeah hey that's like a
mating call
I would I would meet with that I know so
we're here riding and brainstorming for
the movie very excited we've come up
with lots of fun death sequences all
evolving Lord watching people write a
movie is really hard I think my favorite
part is when Lauren brings up an idea
that she thinks is genius and it's
something we talked about 35 seconds ago
listen and I'm just confirming whatever
goes exactly well how do you think we're
doing I think we're doing great
and if something makes sense to Lauren
and then it's gonna make sense so I'm
just doing this for you people that's
perfect you're the target audience
twelve-year-old girl perfect I know
so we are going to finish up our little
brainstorming session and after that
we're going to talk about how scary this
picture is of Lauren Harris oh we've
already talked I spent the first five
minutes of this vlog talking but you
didn't see that I like the way you're
sitting by the way then what are you
as I'm a horse it
no I know it's terrifying it's the worst
you're terrified you did you kill her oh
my god that's you I thought that was her
mother
hey guys Centrum addict so I don't know
what's wrong with me
you guys saw me earlier I was fine I was
I thought I read a lot yeah I share my
life and I was happy about it I'm like
yeah cleaning out baby but I am feeling
like I have a flu or something I am just
sick yuck
and I hope I don't get you sick if I
don't get you guys sick get sick a
computer virus
ah see I'm so sick I can't come up with
good puns yes um but I wanted to wrap up
this vlog because because I love you
guys and I want to say that I hope you
had fun hanging with me and I had fun
with you and hopefully tomorrow I'm not
sick that's gonna be me on a lot of
drugs medication could make for a good
vlog do I feel okay just greasy real
crazy aren't you guys sorry this is such
a bummer I love you hope you guys have
fun hang with me I don't have energy to
do that I love you guys okay honey honey
I love you bye see the comments on
Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments
about you
