can you tell by this face I am not happy
because it is really early why do you do
this to me
well she said she said you have to come
to spinning him and I said is it because
I'm fat after vacation and she just went
no I decided to go because no I am
getting fed after patience I'm fine
that's a lie just paid twenty dollars
the same so we're gonna go spinning and
I am but I'm excited because I'm getting
back on the on the gym train you know
like I need to get back get back get
back
whoa my eyes it's like so early the more
you know my eyes are like Creston whoo
whoo whoo that was Ray's sister cute
when I came out with my mom they thought
it was the wrong baby because I would
teach because they thought it was wrong
baby oh they thought your mom was
cheating on your dad with me hey so
we're gonna go do this and then right
afterward you're gonna see how
disgusting and sweaty I am and how
perfectly beautiful she's gonna be and
glossy and listening
yeah that's a typical day we're so
excited couple of our weird wicker
animals I am so you another reason but
we've got really excited cuz in the
middle of it they started playing our
favorite song starships one man hands
off I mean I started spinning really
fast me - my favorite part was how there
is like old women in the class and then
some of the songs were like I'm gonna
fuck you yeah yeah you in a bird and all
the old lady's like yeah money thing for
the chicken ranch there was getting it
getting it went when Nicky said that she
was higher than a motherfucker this big
woman was like yeah Nicky I'm joining
you up in the sky it was beautiful
so now we are going to I'm going to take
a shower and then we're gonna eat and
then I have to go see Lorne hmm the day
was going so good
dammit a clean slate covered in meat and
sauce you would think it's mine
it's hers it's take me don't be worried
it's totally fake meat mine was totally
real so it's not that eating
try to be is not obvious it's possible
right now the team a very hard I am
freaking out inside
every
for you
somebody's covering her face try that
again
can't really tell when it's her and I
was freaking out and then I look over to
my right
there she's in the bathroom twister and
one of the guys from the I'm freaking
out
it's like my favorite stupid college
yeah she was having me Award winners
and some guy who you don't really know
his name from the real world if he took
your shirt off you know his name so
anyway so we're eating lunch we're
finishing up and then I have to go to
and I don't know what we're gonna do
today I think she just wants the civil
base
Helen on is so precious
I'm not gay I swear I swear I promise
I felt like he was like every word
that's the only part I know I don't know
hey so we are driving with lure in
episode 2 what's gonna happen on this
crazy episode of driving with Lauren I
don't know anything could happen I don't
know why I was sure didn't know so we're
going to see a screening of a scary
movie and Lauren's excited cuz she loves
scary movie we're doing some research
because we're writing a scary movie
right now so I want to watch some scary
movies and really feel just figure out
what tone I want my movie to be you know
let's dick jokes more blood jokes how
about dick bloody dick jokes love a good
bloody dick story of our life we're too
early now we're really fucking choksi's
I am just really it's not even gonna be
that scary I don't know I'm just trying
to make you feel better you're totally
gonna be hopping in my lab peeing crying
amia huh of course you did of course
just yogurt for you all the time you
know what I got ya real excited now this
is one of my diet cokes but I shoved it
in my pocket
cuz we're watching my giant penis now No
yeah well I can't buy lots of people on
this street I just want to be like
ladies
Hey okay that girl I mean if she's not
gonna be a sister-wife I don't know why
BTW hello ladies
lino you are in the way of Lisa's
filming area walk away he's so
disobedient I was over there and I heard
something Falls I was like Oh must have
been Lionel why no I mean Joffrey was
always so much more respect
look at Jeff he's hiding behind a chair
coz he's so terrified of Lionel oh give
drop for your kiss he misses you you put
him over there
perfect
oh yes see Lionel Jeffries my cool chair
now I know I'm nervous maybe we should
move them I know so I just got back from
seeing them avoid Loren and it was super
scary and fun so I am inspired and I'm
going to start writing some scary shit
tonight and I'm going to picture you
dying the whole time
no no because it'll make me write it so
like you know it's more emotional that's
how you're gonna die oh that's a
microphone oh well that makes it less
exciting well Kelly Carson well
everybody has to break for Kelly yeah it
makes you stronger you know Kelly
Clarkson is performing the day before my
birthday we should go let's get tickets
nothing straighter than that
I hope Fantasia Barrino is the opening
act nope
Fantasia Barrino died no she's alive I
think if she's dead that's gonna be
really sad I hope I don't jinx it
alright you guys question of the day
what celebrity would you love to run
into at a restaurant I I mean I would
love to run into Gabourey Sidibe oh wait
I did that was amazing
well I know who would you want to run
into Eddie Murphy why I guess because he
talks to you
animals and cuz he's black like you you
black people love to stick together
alright you guys I hope you had fun
hanging with us we had fun hang with you
and I will see you tomorrow
where should I put you I'll put you into
yourself ah oh the comments
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let that comment
about you
