whoa yeah yeah I'm very excited um that
was what excited sounds like and what
terror sounds like and what Helen Keller
sounded like when she threw a plate at
her mom you didn't see that movie was
really sad kind of funny that bad
anyways I'm very excited today because
guess what tonight is official nurse at
midnight for you guys for me not really
because I'm filming this a day in
advance but for you guys tonight at
midnight vacation comes out oh I got and
I'm freaking out I have never been so
excited super love was really exciting
because it was the first song and I had
never done anything like that before and
it was you know really intense when it
came out and I was really nervous
this song honestly I think it's better I
think it's more fun I think the meaning
of the song is better you know it's
about getting away from your problems I
don't know a lot of you guys like me you
have a lot of problems um I just think
it's catch here and I'm so excited so
right now I am in my car creepily
sitting outside of a park for many
reasons actually not really there's no
children there so I have nothing to
masturbate to but we are here to take a
picture for the single cover for the
song so because the song is called
vacation and I thought it'd be funny if
um you know I'm in like a business
outfit but I'm laying on a beach it's
actually a park but it's supposed to be
a beach laying on the sand and then
around me I have like a keyboard and you
know a cup holder and a coffee mug like
all the things I would have if I was
working at a desk job makes fr they're
all spread out on the sand so it's kind
of like in my head I'm at the beach does
that make sense is it a little too
inception I think it is or is it not
enough inception is a big fat momma's
house probably so right there I have my
bag of props obviously a rainbow bag no
surprise there and I have like all that
shit and I don't know where my business
outfit is I'm hoping Lauren has it I
feel like she steals it and wears it for
her boyfriend creepy once again a
surprise no all right so let's go shoot
this shit ah yes yeah
yes yes yes I love everything about this
especially this a hairless chola amazing
squirrels
this is heaven heaven I love parks
because I was always too afraid of them
when I was a kid because I was really
fat and every time I go down one of
these plastic slides all the parents
would watch and be like is it gonna owe
a gonna break it was they're gonna break
and then when it didn't I see them all
go
so now that I'm old enough and not fat
anymore well I'm not huge anymore honey
after that vacation whoa
spider I'm still a bitch um so I am
going to go down a side whoa never
excited let's see okay everybody ready
oh this is dirty I don't know if I want
to do this oh that one oh my god I'm
gonna do it I don't care how many
spiders STDs or pubic hairs are on it
I'm gonna do it alright here we go
alright ready
oh dear God please don't get gonorrhea
don't pick Honoria whoo uh-huh that made
me sick
whoo everything on the slide is moving
well it's official
Park suck let's get the fuck out of here
look who's here everyone la da da that
was like a snow white moment cuz there's
like squirrels are running across while
you were doing that welcome to my hair
does this make you sad cuz you don't
have children
you do kind of like Michael Jackson sure
I got five new shirts sure yeah I look
exactly the same but they're new hmm
did you miss me it's been five days I'm
freaking you a cute hug I do I feel huge
you're still huge I think you're gonna
lose weight no that did not have so as
it turns out no no I know so right now
we just got done filming that's why I'm
wearing her shooting that's why I'm
wearing this creepy intern outfit and
right now she is taking pictures of a
blank piece of notebook paper because my
background my YouTube is gonna look like
I have written shanedawsontv on a
notebook and then fell asleep in the
sand with all these kids have a
photographer look what your tastes
rattling yes Lisa's gonna be jealous so
then we're gonna go back to her house
and we're gonna photoshop the shit out
of it make me look like a whole nother
person Khloe Kardashian me hey do i
watch the interview outside of the Oprah
Kardashian interview you surprised that
you watch that no good doc looks
terrified of you what is it dr. rocky
that the toxin yeah
rocky it should be cocky cuz he's
completely cockeyed to learn what are
you most excited about with this music
video slash song so real key to my cameo
well that's not gonna happen
oh I'm excited for it to be done me too
I'm excited to take this off because I
feel like I work at the Cheesecake
Factory one can dream and I'm excited
about the reggae reasons over railroad
marry me absolutely horrible angle it's
just like little yep yep yep that's the
one Oh what is she doing why is she
walking away from me where was she going
Lauren
never walk away from me Lauren where are
you stop cackling chickens of course it
is quiet on the shed
so Lauren left my microphone at her
house of course so I'm gonna try to film
an intro and an outro for the video
going up tomorrow but I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to do it because I
have no microphone thanks bitch he's
talking to my mom and Lauren both of
them bitches Hey look that's me that's
you this is intimate huh I'm walking
through the wild and what do I see oh
that sounds lovely whoo hey whoo whoo
hey ah all right you guys so the grand
finale or not finale but the grand
reveal of his name are you ready for
this drum roll please but an element on
the side boob side boob Miley loves it
Miley Cyrus she loves this good old side
boob hey y'all okay drum off but his
name is lion-o oh I love it
so excited we brought Lionel home to my
place of course and he's fuckin I know
wait putting this Jeff it's pretty
hilarious and sad and pathetic are you
ready the proportions are all
nice job you look so cute it makes job
you look real cute but it makes a line I
look cute but he's a huge black man no
no they see no black well so that's line
also another big reveal is the album or
single work cover artwork I don't know
how to talk I'm tired for the song okay
so we took the pictures today you saw
that and she photoshopped the shit out
of him made me look human which was very
hard for her to do and here it is so
this is going to be the single cover for
the vacation song BAM yeah it's hard for
somebody that's not really focusing but
um there it is and it's out of focus but
there it is and then also we're going to
be selling posters signed posters so I'm
excited about that so here's what those
are going to like Oh duh that's what the
posters are gonna look like and I'll
sign it right there so on the nipple I
don't know when we're selling those I
think soon I think probably now I don't
know I don't know anything he doesn't so
that's true I'm so excited you guys this
song is officially out at midnight
tonight and I'm so nervous and I'm
shaking and I hope you guys love it I
hope you guys get it and we should make
like a deal like if it gets to top 10 on
iTunes which is insane and will probably
never happen but if it does we'll wax
your chest
no I love your chest what's your back
again but like you're holding I'll wax
my balls on cam oh you can't do that on
camera well I'll just feel my face and
then I'll show you the hair who day if
it gets top ten I'll fucking cut my head
off and give it to you guys not that you
want that um so please you guys I hope
you liked the song and leave a comment
if you saw the music or if you heard the
song if you liked it and also the music
video comes out tomorrow and I was just
showing Lisa a sneak peek of it where's
so here's a little sneak peek
see ya I just need peek did you like the
video I love it super off she was so
nervous that she was gonna have too much
makeup on in it and when we were filming
she's like I look like a clown and then
watching it back you do not look like a
clown I look very handsome you look
beautiful so everybody vacation song oh
I just had a stroke
yeah I got so excited all right you guys
hope you have fun hang on I'll put in
lines okay wait did we do it's question
of the day I think we did fuck if we
didn't just leave a comment telling me
your favorite color I don't I think we
did though I really am alright line
already happening with you hope you have
fun hanging with us bye woo mmm mmm nom
Steve a common tongue
Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well they let their comments now
about you
