now he wasn't even in that version and I
still brought him back oh my god is she
wearing a new shirt
wait Shane by five new shirts yesterday
because he's getting a million comments
room asshole motherfucker kids who are
like hey Shane's with the same shirt
every day yeah except for I got new
shirts that look exactly like my old
shirts oh fuck you fuck you
that was a fuck you to you too because
you always complain that I wear the same
shirt but it was a fuck you with the
love you at the end there's horses
everywhere you guys we're leaving we're
leaving solving and we are moving on to
where's my next destination we're gonna
go to San Luis Obispo San Luis Obispo
hoping there's lots of Mexicans there
hopefully I'll get to meet lots of you
guys because I have found out lots of
you guys are Mexican at the music video
shoot pretty much everybody was Mexican
and a woman came up to me she goes
because I just want to say like Mexicans
I love you but you don't have any funny
Mexican characters I'm like what about
fruitloop ain't you it I guess Mexicans
don't like for Lupe
you're what surprise no so we're going
to a Mexican area and I'm very excited
because I'm hoping there's gonna be
Mexican food why do you think it's a
Mexican San Juan gobble gum that's
Mexican right
San Juan alright we're here in San Juan
I'm up whisk oh that's it san luis
obispo Sandlin I thought it was San Juan
you think it's a no cops to drop we are
we know wow this looks just like any
other city dirt hills and Mexico and
horses and donkeys donkey shows yeah it
sounds beautiful
I was waiting for just I just pick my
nose like intensely I'm sorry you guys
that's very rude that was very rude like
I wanna see your peacock-cock-cock your
peacock at yo p cat cat cat
yo peacock he's not know that song I
didn't know that song oh you know that
song do you like that song silence I
agree it's a guilty pleasure
have you ever seen one of those see it
stand up do something peacock do
something suck suck do something
should have spit at it they're rock at
it show my boobs so we're here in the
San Juan have Harbor pow-wow winery I
don't really I don't drink wine so I'm
more excited about the peacock oh my God
look at how beautiful you are
look at your beautiful feathers and your
beautiful blue hair that looks like one
of shyness weaves it gorgeous baby it
gorgeous oh wait he's gonna do he's
gonna show his feathers right well
peacock you've been a great tease I'm
gonna murder you and wear you like a
coat
oh oh fuck you is he masturbating
you no wonder people kill you and turn
you into a coat yeah I've seen that code
before I mean black people like CeeLo
he's worn a peacock wait wait what
we just pulled over on the way to the
hotel and there's zebras oh my god I
didn't even like did you guys see them
is it blurry look they're fighting oh my
god they're fucking their fucking zebra
everybody zebras are fucking wait what
the shit you guys see that you can't get
out we're not gonna hold the street oh
my god can you guys see them
those are zebras these humans here
animal but why are they out here we're
not in Africa okay the zebras
they're my babe oh my god you guys
there's zebras and they're play those
are fucking those are there's three of
them
that's three zebras fucking everybody
this is so romantic yes well our trip
down the Texas Chainsaw Massacre
sites how did this happen
like we were supposed to be in the beach
cute little town and we are in we keep
going from
you talent ooh creepy town okay but at
least last creepy towns like fun group
no this is not fun
this place is the place just the place
you know you get it the place old nasty
black women granny panties with intense
camel toes and socks and say Jeffrey you
don't go on a road trip too much food
problem Texas Chainsaw Massacre towns is
they have food everywhere
for some reason cuz they're all big and
scary no comment just the laughter just
food up to my throat I can't say no so
hopefully that no lying to you she's
lying to herself worst of all she's
lying to me and to Jesus no so we are
gonna go to bed and then tomorrow I
think we are going to head over to Santa
Barbara which we just came from but
we're gonna go back because we miss it
so we're gonna go there and hang out
with the seal wait wasn't Chinese people
bikes we're gonna right we're gonna hang
out with the Chinese people yeah I saw a
lot of Chinese people when we were there
you are honestly like the most and like
and like not even correctly racist
anyway no like today we went to a Thai
restaurant they were playing Mexican
music and I was like and the place is
called the place was called Robins and
I'm like Robin doesn't know who she is
like Robin is serving me Chinese food
but she's also serving me at a Mexican
salsa music who is Rob Robin who are you
who is she you guys hope you have fun
with us we have fun hanging with you did
we do a question of the day today
oh oh I know if you could see any animal
in the wild what would it be like we
were so excited to see zebra they're
very excited to see zebra what animal
would you see if I could see I've
already seen a zero but if I could see
another animal it would be a hippo
walking around on land because they
don't really do that and that would be
an adventure
you I would want to see a dinosaur or
they're cool they're not like a round
yeah but hippos don't walk on land so
forgive me look who's getting testy
secrets
I love you we love you and we're gonna
see you later bye
you might find yourself and tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too
well you let that comments now about you
