here's a guide my name is Esther welcome
back to another one to stop five I've
ever been watching your favorite
youtuber kind of like right now yeah no
you're right I suck and then all of a
sudden somehow you're twenty minutes
into a video of a full-grown man
punching is nut sack them but while
talking you're watching Shane Dawson eat
whatever this is and then the next
second somehow you're watching looped
footage of a turtle masturbating or a
video entitled ten hours of silence for
some reason we all occasionally get lost
on the weird side of YouTube and as
weird as it is to watch documentary and
whale blowholes that you found don't
judge it's weirder to realize that there
are a ton of people out there who make
their living on the weird side of
YouTube so from a man linking everything
to a guy who wears a mask and poops
himself on camera related about 5:00 we
count down the top 5 weirdest YouTube
channels so number one licking guy as
you probably guessed the first chain on
his list accrued it's one hundred and
twenty thousand subscribers by putting
on a mask and licking things okay that's
kind of fucking weird but still a better
love story than Twilight I think despite
all the weird shit this guy's done the
weirdest thing for me is how does this
guy not been arrested yet especially
when apparently he licks the YouTube
headquarters while guards chased him
like he's wearing the mask and moaning
while he licks private property how do
you not get arrested right what are you
doing oh you know just deductively
licking a window don't worry about it to
be hilarious if he did get arrested and
he went to jail with people that were
like so what are you in here for link
instead number two brought in for the Q
so Gavin heard of this guy run for the
cube has over 300,000 subscribers on a
YouTube channel all the guy reviews
things were a glove and sounding like
well we're interesting the Pioneer has
it slightly perfect like me oh okay
what did I just watch and if you don't
understand a single thing you just
launched don't worry that's normal and I
can't tell if this is just weird
more of it scary - I thought out this
guy was a murderer I would not be
surprised by the fact that we never
really see his face just means that he
could literally be anyone this is what
Donald Trump doesn't spare time I find -
you just brine I cannot pull it on you
took my time like I'm just so confused I
want to say that despite him slicing
open a jelly rat with a scalpel these
videos are harmless but at the same time
I'm pretty sure these videos could be
used as a torture method in most
countries yes what you know I'll never
talk oh yeah mmm
pop cyclase tykes pop cycline all right
got fun - stop it number three the fart
master so the bar Baxter as you guys
probably could have guessed is a YouTube
channel where a guy usually with
underwear on his head farts into a
camera the guy has 11,000 subscribers
it's made just under 700 videos and all
of them of him farting literally every
one of his videos is this let me just
read them the titles of the video
standing on one leg and farting farting
in the back farting on beautiful oranges
and smelling them farting along to music
farting on some titles barefooted what a
roller coaster and the extremely weird
thing is that people watched it but he
has an actual following of people
gearing up every week to watch this
man's fart and if that wasn't weird
though the comments on his videos are
just to echo to the bathroom really
given excreted sound I agree the
bathroom videos are some of the most
artistically pleasing 65 thumbs up you
should paint by covering your anus and
paint and farting all over the canvas
35 thumbs up like what the guy has been
doing this for a year I mean at what
point you just wake up to reality is big
man
I literally spread my ass and fart on
camera for fun what in the hell is wrong
with me a lesson
but in watching this channel trying to
write a video about weird YouTube
channels and your girlfriend walks in
and asks you what you're doing don't
quickly close out of the tab slowly look
at her and say research just a little
tip for you guys number four on the roof
so this one is not so much weird
it is interesting and crazy so on the
roofs is the tale that I'm sure you've
heard of or seen before as these two
Russian guides find extremely tall
things and climb on top of them I still
want to do the freight of heights these
videos freak me the fuck out like what
stomach just seizes up and goes it's
just like one slip up one step out of
these thousands that it takes to get up
on these and you're dead if that was me
I would have died on like the first
video like in the last week I've stubbed
my toe four times
best pinky toe four different times you
think that after 25 plus years of me
being alive I would have known how to
walk by now but I guess not meanwhile
these dudes are so confident that it is
climb up everything like it was nothing
so do condors have just over eight
hundred and forty four thousand
subscribers as of recording this video
with just 16 videos on the channel the
most viral of which being me climbing up
the Shanghai Tower with just over 62
million views now obviously I'm pretty
sure these guys are trespassing because
I don't think any building or company
ever would be like right what are you
doing I'll just here climb up this
tallest building without any safety
harnesses oh okay cool a button and
bottling at number five Tonetta or the
pressure zone guys so this channel was
one that's already been covered by our
board Xavier Sheneneh and it's honestly
just the weirdest shit I'm not even
going to tell you what it is you're just
going to have to experience it enjoy I
can't way to put it in mama I'm so Tony
cut the joke a joke waiting dad get get
off the internet be on time anyway so
Tonetta and apparently just this really
old guy who uploads really weird music
with even weird outfits these dances the
channel which used to be TJ one seven
four nine was deleted and the videos
will be uploaded supposedly by a fan
which I personally cannot conceive a
single reason why these videos will be
taken down I'm gonna
who you ask my tongue as you know I'm
well hung gonna make it landed for me
the best part about his videos are the
comment this is the only way I can get
hard anymore
too few birthdays for kids and if I how
weird this guy is the music is actually
not that bad and I probably sing one of
his songs if I was ever on American I'm
rock hair went to put it in my mouth
oh my crack Oh in my ass get out
yep well fantastic you bring it to the
end of the video they're probably going
to want to delete you searching through
your welcome in advance and at the last
note if you ever wanted to be a youtuber
but just didn't think you were a funny
enough or didn't think you were
interesting enough just remember there's
literally a guy who's farting on camera
and getting paid for it so you're
probably thought that is it for this
episode of what's about 5 hopefully you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more every
single week question of the day for you
guys what is the creepiest YouTube video
you've ever seen I swear to God if one
of you guys say one of my videos I'm
going to fucking lose it so let me know
in the comments down below
let's end I'll see you next time for
another one to fuck bye thanks for
watching and fair with
