oh are you bored as fuck cuz man you're
ashamed yes I just met them and look are
you ok telling the world about it yeah
hila No Deal says or something like that
I had an extra hole I meet her and
that's the first thing she tells me god
I love you guys Oh
vacation all I ever wanted D can't you
gotta get away yes we are on vacation I
am so excited I've never been so excited
in my life to get away from from LA oh
yeah that's right our new vacation song
is my vacation chart yeah I need to go I
just say excused to go somewhere and be
like no no I'm just you know getting
research for my song you know the
vacation something no so we just
finished shooting the meat I can't
without so excited and I did some coke
in speed anyways kidding heroin so we
just got done shooting the vacation
music video so now we decided to take a
little break and I filmed a bunch of
videos stockpile them so I'm good I'm
free to it to roam the world and a
delayed reaction but it's fine you know
it's a vacation we don't need to be on
we can be slow so we're in Santa Barbara
we're taking a road trip we're going
Santa Barbara and we're going to this
silly little town called solving which
I'm so excited to show you I guess
everything is like midgets or not rigid
that was your dream no it's like a
miniature golf course it's a Danish the
Quinn meals and Cher
food like pastries fuck you guys the
next time you guys see me I'm gonna be
this jackets gonna be filled vacation
has already started you guys oh oh oh
what are sports sheets keeps couples
connected vacation you know it would be
even better than this present yes we
think alike oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god it's Geoffrey's
best friend oh my god he's even cuter
than Joffrey did I just say that out
loud so big what is it so big is there a
smaller one who's going is there a
wicker animal area Joffe lookin smooth
but we found you a fuck mate no bacon
we'll be back we'll be back for you okay
now where's the jar is that jon jaffe
look there's your retarded brother
Geoffrey he misses you and then it's
your other retarded brother with no ears
oh my god Geoffrey this is like a Vegas
scary alternate universe where all the
Geoffrey's have no ears or missing ears
or or they're all retarded that used to
be Joffrey too
so disturbing you know what this is you
guys a motherfucking receipt to - eBay
because I just bought the love of my
life
question of the day what's his name what
do you think his name should be Henry
that is pretty cute I'm gonna go with
I'm gonna go with Griffin Griffin looks
pretty cool yeah yeah what is Navy
what's a big black man named dontel I
don't know Montel I don't know if but
leave your comments tell us a name we're
gonna pick you up later okay
we're just gonna go eat first don't
worry we haven't forgotten about you
he's having abandonment issues whoa
we're back on the road after the brief
intermission to pick up our new best
friend back there oh my god it's so so
so excited the best part is so we ran
into a couple of you of you guys at the
place and I was walking out with this
huge wicker lion and they're like oh my
god Shane is that a big wicker lion I
mean really do you guys have to ask we
know how crazy I am
don't we and guys the thing is he buys
these eccentric things and he leaves
which by the way saw a wicker ferris
wheel might end up this is very serious
okay so we are on our way to what is it
called again solving so lady solving
solve our rate you don't know that is
anyways you're not black enough no we're
on our way to solving and it is that
little Dutch tent we're talking about
I'm very excited
we're finally getting back on the road
what can I expect you can expect
ridiculousness magic and possibly small
men wearing clogs
what about big lesbians
like on tiny Chad yes she was Oh mom oh
my god you guys we are here in a
miniature golf course come to life holy
shit this is well get out do any of you
live here I hope not and if you do can
we come over please oh my god where is
oh my god what all the streets are like
handwritten do you think people get
murdered here yeah
murdered with cake Wow oh my god you
guys this is our hotel and it looks like
a golf course oh my god look at the
rooms this is fucking ridiculous alright
so this is ours
oh hey MTV welcome to my cottage boom
boom this is fucking hilarious and
amazing as a kitchen there's no brick it
has Wi-Fi you can't do kind of just have
Wi-Fi
it has a bathroom obviously but honestly
if they made apartments like this
they have saxophones and guitars I don't
know what why or what it means but I'll
take it huh candy and buckets just the
classiest little you know jump scary
jacuzzi I don't think it's that bad
I don't know put your face in it
boom it's good
that's the fireplace you open that up we
have a fireplace next to the gennadi
yeah yeah you know from the other side
I'm just making shit up as we go in case
you pass out and die they also have
explanation of how to fix yourself but
there's no lifeguard on duty so warning
oh the capacity is to so only in solving
and then they can watch us that's weird
just that everything is closed and it's
8 o'clock Wow and there's a knife shop
oh fuck yeah there's knives and that
there's knives in wine ok and
dreamcatchers
catch a dream maybe I'll propose yeah
catch a nightmare ok oh my god you were
right yay well no they're all gone well
they had to hide them so that no - oh
yeah cuz this place is full of crime
little midgets with guns running around
night like me right now I've already
gained 25 ounces from the cashews and
the hotel room thank you do you think
that fountain is made up of all the
tears of the sad poor people who leave
this place absolutely
I'm beyond ease oh my god I'm so poor
I'm crying and tired no they're not that
was fun that was but we did go with that
maybe we got a good Hipstamatic picture
out of it check it out
that's pretty good there's also one
where I was trying to be sexy and it
just didn't work out you weren't really
feeling it check that one out
yeah that's pretty sexy well see you
laters Casino
see you later money see you later
depressed people who lost their money
too see you later
cars that are kind of ugly and I don't
know why they're outside of this casino
see you later
weird Chinese creepy drawings that look
like diseases and STDs see you later and
we will see you guys later tomorrow
because this vacation went how long this
is gonna be like a four day vacation so
you guys are gonna be in for a treat and
bye treat I mean it's gonna be us
vomiting tomorrow morning after all that
Chinese food we ate yes Chinese I'm
gonna be pooping vomiting all at the
same time and I hope you're into it are
you guys hanging with us bye
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
