fuck you fuck you tree fuck you car fuck
you palm tree
fuck you apartment building fuck you
homeless person fuck all of you because
it is 7 a.m. and I am not ready for the
day why are there people out where are
people out why is that woman laughing
there's nothing funny at 7 a.m.
maybe she's hysterical maybe she's gone
crazy because she woke up at 6 a.m. god
forbid you know I'm actually really
excited right now I'm on my way at to
Lauren's house so we are filming finally
the music video I'm so excited I know I
still haven't showed you guys a clip of
the song the actual reason to have it is
not because I'm like holding it out it's
because I don't know how to play
something on my ipod in my car while
filming it doesn't really happen so I'm
gonna try at some point today to show
you guys a snippet of the song I think
you're gonna like it hope I pray dear
God I got my hair cut it's honestly it's
a little short I'm a little nervous head
look it's a little beaver but I wanted
to look kind of different in this music
video because I'm supposed to be playing
like a 25 year old well I mean I'm
playing myself but I work in an office
building I live with my girlfriend I'm
like this older version of myself kind
of so I'm gonna have a little stubble in
the video I'm gonna have you know still
a 12 year old haircut but I guess it
looks like I'm older right a little bit
not really um and today's gonna be fun
it's a two-day shoot so tomorrow will be
the second day and today we got Shauna
we got any cancel we got Lisa we got
fuck Lauren obviously yikes
and a bunch of other people and then
tomorrow is gonna be insane hopefully
enough people show up for the party
scene but it's gonna be like a lot of
people a lot of a lot of you guys thank
you so much for sending your information
and coming and I'm nervous I'm shaking
or because it's 7:00 a.m. I'm just
hallucinating
alright let's go
many people here look who's here look
beautiful hi they put beard cover on me
because I'm playing Sheneneh and so I
kind of look like I have a weird skin
disease that's okay that's okay so we're
here there's a lot of people here let's
just scan okay well everybody actually
left right when I said that yes he's
totally yeah you're playing the love
interest yeah okay and you streaming on
the scenes right no you better get to me
cuz he's behind us seems to gonna go on
my main channel so you have to get some
good shit you gotta get sex drugs rock
and roll ah dis Lauren she's on the
computer doing nothing just trying to
find handcuffs which is pretty usual
here's our makeup is this like melted
Shana so what's happening right now
Shana my dreams are being fulfilled yeah
that and um we're memorializing my dad
baby no no I felt like Chinese character
had a boob tattoo I feel like that she
would but it's to commemorate her first
abortion she named it baby no no that's
that and so she remember that baby hour
oh this videos getting real emotional I
don't think it's working
don't sweat don't sweat or else enough
never be going down your butt
lights camera Sheneneh I'm so excited
like that big camera we feel my sex tape
on one of those oh hello Khalifa
oh hello jogging woman OH
guess who's wearing shitload of makeup
and look who else is here it's Kristin
did I get her in the shot are you in
there yeah yeah I did me and Kristin
when your hair is pulled back I mean you
have the same haircut right and you have
the same vest too
I wore that to VidCon we do share so we
are here in the office filming that's
the music video and I'm very excited to
I I'm going to show you a little tour of
who's here and I'll give you a hint
Shauna is not very quiet alright so
here's the sad cool this is he has a pic
in his hair I like it that's where I'm
gonna be sitting that's the camera let's
go back over here that's Lauren she's
doing nothing nothing react so I'm
really excited this is a collective
offices so they do you know like Fred
movie and Freddie Wong stuff so you look
at that camera look at that there's a
mic has
oh my god she's here I'm drinking so how
are people liking the review that we did
at the restaurant they're loving it
which is a little scary and they
definitely loved that right after you
said you said something about bowel
movements and then right afterward I did
and then right afterward you were like
she's in the bathroom literally is
taking a shit right now
perfect but there's more so there's this
Fred merch not only is there posters and
CDs now that I want to steal there's
buttons and there's stickers already
stole button no offense
oh my god is so excited should I steal
all of it I'm gonna steal it okay what
do you guys want I'm gonna give you guys
a button stickers so the comment
question of the day I don't know what
the comma question of days yet but if
you leave a comment I'll pick one of you
guys two of you guys to win the stuff it
takes two
or for dicks either with lunch much are
you excited your video the Father's Day
video that you started went up are you
very excited okay do you want to be in
another hey they'll never know what his
voice sounds like they don't want to
know look at everybody eating but that
huge box of chips
that's ridiculous oh my god I want one
so bad and then look at this this huge
box of Doritos over here Lauren Lauren
Lauren stop me
Lauren Lauren stop me stop me going
there's so many different kinds so yeah
but I just need to plant delicious we
call we call papers on action or what do
we want to do I feel like I wanna I want
to see some papers fall on men
alright so right now is the scene where
I get angry at work I throw up all the
papers and I'm like okay everybody so
and I'm really excited there's a fan
behind me
excited she's holding a bunch of papers
we're going to smoke so much weed I do
excited so excited with our papers
alright we just film the paper throwing
scene and one of them hit my eye and
twitching the whole time oh you badass
you now watch we have also this is
usable Wow hey what's up you guys I am
driving home and I'm getting emotional
okay listen I'm not I'm a period but
it's just it's so awesome that like all
the people came today and you know my
friends and people I don't know that
we're excited to work on the music video
and everybody stayed later than they
were supposed to and it's just looking
so good and like it's the first thing
I've made where I'm just like I think
this is the whole different level you
know what I mean like it looks different
and it feels different and the message
of the video is so awesome and I'm just
getting emotional and we're not even
done we still have another day to go but
I'm so excited also to like share this
with you guys I think this is why the
daily vlogs are cool because I can talk
to you guys about stuff that's happening
in like real time and and you guys are a
part of it so I love you and I am so
excited for tomorrow tomorrow it's gonna
be an even bigger day um hopefully a lot
more people and bigger dance dance shit
happening and crazy car crashes we'll
see I don't know about that Laurens
driving so they'll probably be a car
crash so question of the day since we
were in an office building today and we
are stuck in cubicles what is the worst
job you can think of having mine would
be some kind of an office job I used to
work in an office and it was terrible
so leave your comments and you could win
some stolen Fred merch
so technically if you win you are
carrying stolen property and you'll get
rested not me so everybody wins except
you all right you guys I hope you had
fun hang with me because I have fun hang
with you and I will see you tomorrow the
comments on Shane's football
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let that comment now about
you
