oh my head hey guys um that song will
not go away will it I think it I've
heard it probably over a million times
probably more than since you've been
gone and I've heard that song a lot so I
am very excited right now I am on my way
to have lunch with one of my friends who
you guys know Amy castle I've talked
about her and shown her a lot of my
blogs and I'm obsessed with her not in a
creepy way listen I have a girlfriend I
love her very much you guys know this
and we were just in a bathtub together I
don't just do that with anybody
there's something about Amy castle that
just makes my brain explode she's so
nice and she's so funny and she's so
dirty but she's so clean and she can
cook she's what I want to be if I was a
girl I would want to be her fuck I'm a
boy and I want to be her so today I'm
very excited because she's gonna be
putting me in one of her videos which
I'm obsessed with because she does food
reviews and she cooks and she does
everything that I can't do so we're
gonna go to my favorite restaurant which
is her favorite restaurant and we're
gonna review some of the food and I'm
gonna make some dick jokes and then
maybe I'll get lucky and by lucky
I mean maybe she'll offer to cook for me
one day dream big oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god
I'm just telling them all about how
excited I am with you
she's got loquats in here she's not
perfect what's going on I'm so confused
it's okay though you got hooked yet
yeah she's leaving why's she leaving was
she going oh she's coming back okay
thank God review within a review and I'm
reviewing my chicken and vegetables
which I mean come on if this is gross
than this restaurant should be shut down
it's very simple well here's the thing
the sauce is what a honey Chipotle's I
mean let's just get let's just that's
just really
beautiful every good food review needs a
really close thank you for my close-up I
yeah yeah I just take a bite of a chunk
of Kirstie Alley's skin and boy was it
weird did you like it
don't tell because you have to go check
out Amy's review to find out let's just
say the reactions surprise to me you are
at a loss for words I mean it's very
weird it's like it's supposed to be flan
suppose and this is me I mean listen
this is my favorite restaurant
this was a Miss a big ole miss I don't
know why I'm just twirly gonna try to
figure out what the hell it's like nope
every angle it looks like stomach skin
mine is chicken vegetables what's yours
just had an orgasm I think it was right
about lentils makes my goat cheese and
then there was the aftershock and she's
calming down
oh no no it's a he's getting worse
getting run more dead skin irritant oh
my god you guys clean up clean up on
aisle amy castle the plane wants to find
hollaback girl which is not a
coincidence because this shit is bananas
literally I got banana flavor which I've
never had before
yeah and it's not bad really but flavors
you get are that shit will three times
I got a pomegranate mango swirl we're
gonna got things smells like
I'm not a big tart pan so I vote firm
but lots of blueberries chocolate
pretzels interesting - chocolate for
only two and they have to be the dark
chocolate up in white chocolate and then
and then so you have OCD a little bit I
guess I guess
- this - well I obviously do - because
this is very organized this is the
second day in a row had frozen yogurt
this is not good I need to cut back
I haven't the cheese cake on it I mean I
went full balls to the fucking walls but
I got a Diet Pepsi you know understand
me I would like to understand maybe
maybe you can debunk the myth of
why-why-why diet is it a spinner no it's
brown my thought is like it's zero
calories which is good if it's brown
drink it down if it's clear steer clear
you know what I mean if its water I'm
not that Cotter it's clear so you're
supposed to steer clear
yeah I'm good just brown brown brown
brown that's the healthy way to do it
the only Brown I'm gonna die young it's
Jeffrey he's excited to see if he's just
playing it cool a little too cool why
don't you be nice that's what you get so
we're about to eat dinner as you can see
this candle on this bird it's gonna be a
very romantic oh oh my god
the fire is on fire well that's a bad
sign
and so I'm going to end this vlog
because I'm super tired and there's a
fire so hope you guys have a good day
wait that doesn't make any sense we had
a good day hope you had fun hang with me
there's that funny thing with you and
I'll hang with you tomorrow wait really
quick what was a question of the day
today I don't know if I did one I did
one we did one right what would you want
to burn in your apartment
if you could that's a good question that
is a good question I feel like I already
feel like that's a STONER question I'm
not stupid I would burn go3 this one did
you hate job no I'm just kidding I'm
Sookie I'm totally kidding okay he's my
child I love him I'm never having baby
with you
I'll burn it alright you guys are
nothing I'll see you tomorrow oh wait no
tomorrow's Saturday
I'll see you Monday alright see you
Monday comment
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
