it's party in USA cuz I've got my hands
Wow hey that's a good so we are here
location scouting which is what it's
called I guess we're looking for places
to film this music video and we wanted a
parking lot because I want to sing like
on top of a truck
very Miley Cyrus so I think this is
going to be the place that looks cool
right it's a pretty big parking lot got
Lauren
we got the director Ben we got an old
man and a card by the way they were seen
in one of those parts are fat mixing
girls and broken legs that's it
so when I saw white man I was like oh
and then we got Hillary over there she's
a production design so very excited and
it's very much how you doing low low
beam critic ureter with us gosh by the
way you look like Jesus it was at your
boyfriend so this is a soundstage so
basically we are going to hopefully be
recreating like an apartment in here
because there's a scene in the music
video where my girlfriend right
I leave my girlfriend's apartment she
throws a bunch of stuff at me so that
might be in here we might use a real
apartment but we thought it'd be cool to
build one there filming a reality show
over there I really hope it's Flavor of
Love but I think Flavor Flav is dead so
probably not
so big in here somebody could get raped
in here nobody would even hear it holy
crap
I wanna beat you tonight hey so we just
left the location for the music video
very excited this is a real music video
oh my god it's gonna look super legit
super - legit wigs me scared is like
where where do we go from here anyway we
go from where do we go a two-song world
tour do you some world tour
it's gonna be super vacation tour super
big super vacation super oh oh you're
giving away the chorus we almost did I
think I kind of have given away the
question I stopped myself did you see
that you did big case mmm uh so also I
found him you're disgusting
he's like I look over I'm driving like a
person and I look over and his foot is
up there and he's popping a nasty sit on
our ankle I know ankles hit how did I
even get a hair like it's gross didn't
happen how did how gross just this is a
question of a day how gross do you have
to be I get a zit on your pimp I mean
under ankle no no the question is they
should be where's the weirdest place
you've got a pimple mine is my ankle
slash um like that area in between my
dick and my balls I don't know what
that's called I've got a couple there
before I meet your area between your
dick like when you lift it up oh oh like
right there
Oh have you got it between your vagina
and your buzz no way damn my digging my
balls are clear super clean I don't
believe it
of course Lauren lost her keys like in
my car and the problem of these fucking
keyless cars is that you don't need your
key
it might have a bunch of cups in your
backseat what's happening oh this is
what you get for getting a Prius bitch
okay we're if corrected right now and
this is where I stole the Fred C and
they also have Fred DVDs and Fred oh I
can't steal these I can't steal these
I'll just seal them in I'm just stealing
them in How I Met Your Mother
Marshall is living room bedroom Lily I
don't watch so right now we're in the
fog slot going to the screening that
we're late for and you're so Hollywood
what happened oh shit man I just want to
see if anyway we're known as I'm
completely lost
we're completely lost we have a map
we're late all I know is it's a scary
movie and I wanted to see it and where
she's terrified and run a lot and look
Oh modern family they film that here no
wait wait what
look I think we just went wrong I think
we'll go cuz this oh shit wait that was
Cairo where are we the Simpsons did they
film that here I mean Auctions it's a
cartoon look haha yeah I was a trick
question
she's like job Bartz over there horses
ah it's a theme this week I've seen so
many horses
I found the theory guys Shane was no
help I literally found it
she's such a lying bitch we're so late
we're like an hour late it's like
there's security there's Popo this is
terrifying
looks like a church there's a broken
glass and vomit do they film cash or
music videos here okay so we were too
late for the screaming in the movie was
already like half over and I had
diarrhea so didn't want to stay yeah
so now we're sneaking around on a lot
look at you guys making this is the fake
New York so we're gonna we're doing
business wait wink back to the streets
you know to be in line it's back to the
streets really okay there's something in
a cart so um exactly
I'm totally texting right now just watch
any like I'm texting there's a car
behind us so what do you think about the
movie idea right how do you fake
conversation up like so what do you
think about the millions of dollars we
just made on the movie a big movie we
just shot it is oh my god it's a fix up
with it okay wait I still people do we
just like walk we can just like walk
right let's just walk fuck it we're
gonna walk what's the worst I could
happen right are those fake Birds
my god this is new
New York
let's do oh my god do you feel at home
oh my god
selling your body right here on the
street oh my god you guys look I know
like ace looks like nothing look at all
that we're so gonna get kicked out so
Lauren says that this is the bar from
How I Met Your Mother
oh my god how are we here right now we
are we getting in trouble are we gonna
get trouble no well the security guard
over there is a black lady and me and
then do really well so we're fine okay
there's a sidewalk chalk drawing
oh there's you know people there maybe
we should be going over there Royal
diner I've seen that on something right
this is like from a movie okay yeah we
should return let's go stop stop oh my
God look at this creepy dungeon area huh
this is so cool do you think what is he
what do you think's in there huh what do
you think comes out of there huh yeah I
could fit in there I'm like skinny
enough for that this is cool
fake to where these fake fake walls
right
I mean trouble don't get nervous don't
get never East we're fine Doki diarrhea
we're fine we're just doing Hollywood
work Pump It Yourself high heels disco
ball lowering your home
and all the flavors of this written in
place are I'm coming out cake batter
under the hood of laughing I mean this
is just the gayest thing in the world
and I'm into it what about you
I mean do I want over the rainbow Kiwi
if I want drag race per aspera time
I wanted element out I mean look at what
she got disgusting look at this
beautiful creation I mean I know layers
as it's all about the layers oh it's
like a really fattening supposedly
healthy parfait it's a part game listen
we're not hiding the fact that mine
weighs 500 ounces so I must like $10
well oh it's the end of the night well
not really it's still alight out but I'm
gonna go to sleep because I'm fucking
tired that gay you over tired me out you
know I'm so sorry that I missed out on
that event it's okay there's gonna be a
lot more gay over in the future the
place is really good I mean dating you I
figured gay yogurt is Evan everyday
misses life that I chose you chose this
so I think we're just a question of the
day right if we didn't then just leave a
comment saying Shane you're an idiot I
love you guys I hope to talk to you soon
I will talk to you soon when I say hope
that was weird that was sad I'm
expecting the worst I will talk to you
soon I'm not going to die at night right
I hope not and I can't wait to show you
guys the music video well I can't wait
to film it I think we're going to be
filming it this weekend so I'm nervous
I'm excited I'm nervous I'm nervous I'm
freaking out so I can't wait to show you
guys that and I will see you tomorrow
bye Jeffrey he says goodbye with his
eyes god I wish you could talk oh by the
way really quick I totally forgot to
tell you guys this if you want to be in
the music video it's going to be
shooting this weekend either Saturday or
Sunday and it's going to be in the LA
area I'm reading right now I'm not just
looking out to the side creepily ah
and it's send an email to SDTV extras at
gmail.com I'll put that in the
description too so you know that and all
you have to do is email that email and
say hey I want to be in music video
and you can come hang out with me all
weekend so do that I can't wait to meet
you I leave a comment on Shane's
Facebook wall you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls too well let their comments
now about you
