black baby a wig and Obama mask and some
guns were filming a video you guys and
guess who's here oh it's been so long oh
we've missed you so much
uh yeah got it got it and oh by the way
I didn't mention blood because of course
my cats hate me but it's fine
you look pussy right always oh she's
playing a Sam on iCarly and I'm playing
Carly obviously but this is if iCarly
was real so of course I'm Asian and
you're really lesbian and you're really
a creepy camera guy very much and in
this video you're also creepy camera guy
I know so let's show just like it just a
clip oh God
we're offending everybody I hope miranda
cosgrove loves this is she Asian I don't
think so maybe she's Sam I have a semi
right now mommy after beating up with a
baseball bat I do that to people I
forgot to show you guys om I don't want
to give it away I was going to show you
another prop but it would pretty much
give the whole video away um so we are
gonna keep filming and I'm gonna go
doctor my wound but I just wanted to
show you guys what we were doing and
there's a slut bunny on a thing right
there boy whore you whore Hello Kitty
slithers you are with Hello Kitty
slippers oh you're dead oh you know just
Girl Talk just sitting on the ground
yeah we're talking about man
they're very Asian when they pack I'm
gonna meet someone oh that could be the
question of the day do you guys have any
single dads yeah yeah yeah Christian
what are your kids huh well the problem
is here the problem is here he has to be
totally fine with what Shane does Yeah
right
and Shane sense of humor and the fact
that you know we live it right I mean so
he has to be pretty cool
if it I don't think just don't tell him
about it if he understood what I did he
would be really creepy
no honey cuz I know what you do and
you're really creepy kidding
everyone cut the sky what not time
what's up you guys sorry it sounds like
we're in the middle of a hurricane right
now it is very very hot I'm sweating a
lot so I have the air on oh can I go oh
oh thank you
oh my god oh my god I almost got to a
car accident oh my god he's naked oh my
god a homeless person just gave me the
finger that was intense
I really wish I could to showing you
guys what just happened but I'm very
happy I'm still alive anyways um and I
continued blogging while driving this is
it worst idea ever so today has been fun
we film today I'm going to try to stare
down as hot as I am I can't hear
anything
I can't hear you guys I mean it'd be
weird if I could hear you guys cuz
you're all the way your computers and
I'm here in real life on a different day
most likely now I'm sweating fuck today
was fun Kristin came over you guys saw
that she is fucking hilarious she is one
of my favorite people in the world she's
one of the best actresses I know and we
did some crazy shit a lot of shit that
probably won't make the actual video
because it was too racist and offensive
but it was fun so we did that and now I
took a shower did my hurt because I'm
going to see Lisa and she um I don't
know if I'm allowed to talk about this I
don't know if she talks about this oh
yeah we talked about this she like
teaches kids and teaches them drama and
you know singing and all that so she's
putting on a show for her kids and I'm
gonna go see it and I'm very excited
because you know it's kids that couldn't
sounded any creepier I don't think I'm
allowed to film anything though because
their parents will probably get creeped
out by you know a random 23 year old
lumberjack filming their children
singing Rocky Horror Picture Show what's
creepy about that
pushchair pushchair salt pepper nobody
literally nobody
no really wasn't you fake left by the
way did you use chopsticks we're not in
an Asian restaurant I would never do
something that is disgusting elevations
your food smells like shit
you like Asian food right you smell like
shit you do you know so we just got
finished eating and Lisa show that I
guys told that it was you guys found it
was amazing this is brilliant
once again a favorite waitress um kids
we good
like really good I'm so glad I really
wanted to film a bit you know I feel
like the creepy guys back with the
iPhone there was already like Korean
good pretty much
I saw to my future so now we're trying
to figure legit in for her channel so we
did we never baked that cake that we
talked about
no we did not and I might have a a lot
of the ingredients we might to buy more
let's go back to sorted to do again but
I have a new thing because I wanted to
do a tag video but we're like how do we
make it interesting
do it the bathtub
about bath tag motherfuckers plot and
other people will come up as other
people have two questions yeah oh my god
another good life to do we do not need
to follow someone else's tag we begin
the dead it'll be a tag all about we're
still working we're still working Dean
but it's gonna be good yeah let's get
rid of you guys we're gonna be in a bath
your maid is okay with cleaning up after
me in the bath right guys you're gonna
look like Chewbacca drowned you have to
hire a bad time shooting employment you
know we're just shooting a porno by the
way this is the most dangerous shit in
the world if that light like okay you're
going to get in first and then I'm going
to try to get in and trip and that's
going to follow you and like you worried
about is you use your closet clumsy all
right so I guess since you're gonna wear
a bathing suit I will find something you
know what I'll wear bathing suit I'll
wear one of your bikinis your dream come
true
she's speechless everybody what is that
um our lush bath bombs of course once
again not getting paid by Lester yet um
so we have to decide which one you so
this is like the Easter one there's a
little a number a little to do oh I
don't like the sound of that kind of
like that one that one looks like a big
jaw breaker which one you think this one
really and it seemed to be pink and
pretty all right
go with the pink infringing well this is
going well and by well I mean terrible
okay so we got in the bathtub and we got
all situated and then the card is
wistful on the camera yes I know TP yeah
okay I get in here oh my god what he can
you guys see he Ike's I'm gonna regret
this aren't I hmm well Geoffrey I'd say
that was a very big success by success I
mean failure what do you think I'm I'm
sorry Geoffrey that would made you go
through the XP
Geoffrey saw things that you should not
have seen and by that I mean you farted
on me like 10 times but you guys will
see if you watch her video which should
be up by now it might not be but it
should be on her channel um so yeah
question of the day
oh I'll steal one of the questions one
of the questions from the tag video we
did today it was the dirty secrets tag
which is why we're in a bathtub get it
because we're cleaning ourselves up
let's do the question who is your
celebrity fantasy mine was well mine was
Jenna ma mine I was telling a fantasy or
dream nightmare reality I had about
jenna Marbles I won't give it away here
let's just say it involves lots of sex
and lots of dogs so check that out on
leash you know and what's your celebrity
fantasy don't tell the one you tilled in
there a different one well I did have a
very naughty dream once involving a
woman politician Michelle Obama
therapy really yeah I don't know just
happened
Wow okay no I'm really more into like an
Obama kind of thing Michelle
me too she has the arms um I thought you
were gonna say I thought you're gonna
fake me out be like well I do have a
fantasy about a certain youtuber and I
was gonna be like yeah and then you'd be
like yeah nigga heika
he's a darling boy
I'd fuck him fuck I'm so hard not as
much as I'd fucking Lucas group is that
your YouTube curse Lucas Cruikshank yeah
he knows we know we talked about it
don't be jelly I don't really have a
youtuber are you fucking kidding me what
Lucas Cruikshank oh I think he's a
lesbian
alright you guys hope you have fun
hanging with us we have fun hanging with
you and please don't judge me for I want
to show you miss room trunks right now
but then you'll see my hairy stomach and
that's embarrassing I guess you guys
just have to imagine how ugly they are I
love you bye yeah I love you so fucking
much okay now this is awkward
stiva comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video
like those guys and those girls do well
to let their comments now about you
you
