it's Fred so last night I was hanging
out with Blair aka juicy start a ke
juicy fart and I started playing it
she's like like as a joke because you
know it's Fred's music obviously I don't
really listen to it
huh-huh and right off the bat she's like
oh my god who is this I love it it's
like singing it it's pretty amazing
do you love it I do watch it I'm in the
car he's like 18 pushing 19 pushing my
Cruikshank so yeah so right now it is
date night I'm very excited we haven't
had a proper date night in just a while
you know although I did kind of ruin it
because right when I brought you flowers
and I given to you and then I burped
really really loud no no I
I was eating chicken you can't eat
chicken with a fork and a knife
Shana would not approve so we did that
and then there's a homeless party right
there well and now we're gonna go to the
Grove because I mean listen date night
is getting interesting because I really
want the party of five DVD boxset if you
guys don't know what that is it's a
really gay TV show that is pretty much
like seventh heaven with more sex and
more violence
what it is gay is it knocking I'm
allowed to say that everybody thinks I'm
gay I can use gay gay I know it is a
really good TV show but I'm in love with
it so we're gonna be going to get it and
then we're gonna do other stuff I have
stuff planned that she doesn't even know
about no you do know no I do
so he just got to the Grove and a half's
name to tell you guys well we have
something to tell you guys it's very
importantly we have a child another one
it's not a weaker giraffe no it's not
real and her name is we've already
taught her how to tongue pop so you came
out like that that was a visual so you
actually watch these oh yeah then what's
the theme song that's your parents
oh oh oh whoa
no I didn't give me and she knew I was
wearing a different shirt I know she's
been wearing the same like last night
I'm sorry I'll change it up thank you
Joffrey has a new friend can I bring him
home do you think the lack I don't think
so
is he made out of popsicle sticks my god
I love him what's his name his name is
neigh hey hey hey
question of the day what's this horse's
name give me a good one cuz I'm gonna
come visit him every day oh that's
creepy that's too far
hey guys so we're in the bookstore right
now I just got my party 5 DVD thank God
I'm allowed to film in here and
oppression be filming this well no I'm
not gonna tell you guys what this art is
made out of but just take a look tell me
what you see
I'll give you a hint it's not food Oh
God
I'm gonna vomit well hello old friend
we meet again I haven't eaten Taco Bell
in quite some time
and I miss it don't look away don't
ignore me
so so you know and you're stuck no
you're not I'm just jealous and we're
back home my party of five by my side
thank God and who got you these flowers
no well it was Joffrey really I just
took the credit by the way where's
Jeffrey Jeffrey Jeff Jeffrey are you
eating your feelings just like your
daddy
well sorry this hanging with Shane was a
just really a night out it wasn't a full
day I know well I feel like I haven't
been vlogging as much as I should but
I'm gonna start tomorrow I'm gonna start
because I missed a lot of good stuff
earlier today like my mom high on drugs
because she has a spider bite and she's
been on painkillers
my mom was forcing me to go to people's
Facebook's
to see if they've come out of the closet
yet to see if they've gained weight to
see if they're dead and she was just
making fun of everybody it was pretty
amazing and I feel like I should have
captured that for you guys and I didn't
I failed at that but hey I succeeded
with you she's lying right after she
said that right when I flipped the
camera back round she smiled gone God
lice all right you guys hope you have
fun hanging of this weird funny with you
and I will see you tomorrow the comments
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
