oh listen all the words were wrong
but it was cute and that's all that I
care about hey I am so tired what about
you guys you look so white line holy
shit oh my god an angel look at them no
with the light behind your head
wait go back to the whit light was
behind your head yeah oh my god you look
just like Jesus put your arms out he was
I knew that I hate to admit that I love
Jesus hate Jews hate call jesus so we
are filming a very very long intense
video today but I think it's gonna go
well we have some crazy shit going on we
have an iCarly spaghetti boring milk
cartons very confused so wish us luck
and now I got Joe drinking my toxic
drink and action hey guess what I've
already lost my DJ so you're coming back
to bed I'm always working how many times
I'm sorry I guess I lost sight of what
truly matters
you thought to go back to my place to
make Jodi fuck okay and cut amazing this
is icarly everybody this is my life so
why don't you tell everybody who you are
that's my character both I'm playing
Sven in I call a spoof I'm really Tony
Cavallari whoa
that was insane real life really my real
voice as opposed to my character voice
oh it's very and is that you real here
yeah okay thanks guy my dad was Malibu
and who are you I'm Harrison Boxley and
I'm playing Freddie yes the coolest so
um what is your favorite part about
today yeah learn what's your favorite
part
you are never every time this vlog never
you weren't even on the phone Lauren
know you're fat eating all this
what is going on top-rated comment on
this video Lauren looks huge
20 million thumbs up yes you're not fat
at all
well the gross thing is my mom combined
two different flavors I don't know why
she did that so there's the cheddar but
then there's the like these are like
little shortbread cookies and M&Ms it's
like all of it together is vomit okay
yeah this is even crazier this food for
thought you guys how many calories do
you think one of these nasty old people
orange slices is how many calories do
you think are in one just well 55th
that's insane you could get a soft taco
from Taco Bell for three of those I mean
that's look who's here everyone hey
everybody I'm not gonna be your nerdy
scientists I'm gonna be a mind that
doesn't talk max so I've really stepped
up my game oh no we think we have a
makeup magician in here right Lauren oh
my god in the process this is you know I
said 93 you know what we are not done
and I you know what we're work in
progress Wow
is it supposed to look like that
your first layer I'm a slutty mine yeah
oh so you don't even know what you're
doing no no no I told you to do one
thing what did you do we sabotage did
you sabotage my food no it's just mine
Jose is perfectly fine granted that's
his chicken gets cut up you're you're
horrible
you're fired fired come back I miss you
all right on the count of three you're
gonna say who you are how you know me
and who your favorite insync member is
oh they don't know who NSYNC is do they
oh my god they don't who your favorite
Jonas brother is that hip who your
favorite one Direction's one two three
hi I'm Lexi seeing George I know Shane
because well I've been watching his
videos for like ever now and my favorite
One Direction member is Harry Styles oh
my god Wow that was real really excited
about your stuff and I know Shane
because I've been watching his videos
and my favorite One Direction member is
Zane is that real same yeah it's like
Shane with like a lizard well okay so
they just played two girls that were
reading my life story I don't want to
give away with the title or the cover of
the book is but let's just say it's very
embarrassing what did you think of the
book pretty much what did you guys think
of the book
thank you that was my life that they're
commenting on and are you guys both
singers or just you so you're so what
kind of music do you sing yeah you can
dance to the rhythm no and never mind
you know we should do the theme song you
guys probably can't say because it my
theme song for these vlogs here are you
bored as fuck well you're in luck cuz
ring with Shane but you can change it
how about are you bored as potluck I
mean you're not a songwriter but it's
fine it's fine
how about are you bored as doc whatever
well are you bored it stuck well you're
in luck and then both of you say cuz
you're hanging with Shane ready we'll
start at the barre
Oh Shane you missed it cuz you're in
luck it's the black baby knew it alright
are you born as duck she's not watching
my videos for years now why look who's
here that was the face of like the cops
is busted through your house and you
were like wow I didn't do it it was me
but leave anyway you've said that before
haven't ya not to the cops though okay
so we just got well we're not completely
done yet filming we still have to film
Shauna's snow white's kid or wait what
did you call it but I want to rewrite it
so it's longer and more intense cuz you
guys want to see a dirt brown-skinned
don't you oh wait I want to get in he's
gonna take a picture you guys meet me
tomorrow
don't make me repay him with my
come on we're about to film Oh
hey fuck damn shit I'm so tired I can't
even think of anything funny just cuss
words I mean that's mostly what my
videos are anyway it's just random cuss
words and children and rape and a dick
joke once in a while because I'm classy
so I am very tired it has been a crazy
long day but it's been good we filmed
two videos today and yesterday and we're
gonna film another one on Monday so I'm
I'm like all stockpiled and I have
videos for next Saturday the Saturday
after that the Saturday for that I'm
fucking on it you know like this year
I'm trying to make shit happen I'm
trying to keep you guys entertained you
know I'm trying to keep y'all laughing
cuz like if y'all ain't laughing then
like I happy you know what I'm sayin
like I'll try to keep y'all happy so
that's the plan
well since earlier we had some troubles
with the hang with Shane song and the
f-word in it
what is a listen I'm gonna keep the
f-word in there but just in case I get a
baby or a Mormon to sing my theme song
what's a good word to replace fuck so
are you bored as we are in luck cuz
you're hanging with Shane like what-what
can replace that so leave your comment
what word do you think should replace
fuck and it could be a made-up word it
could be something random it could be a
celebrity name it could be are you bored
as beaver or are you bored as it's a
made-up word I don't know how to spell
that probably similar to how you spell
some of Shauna's ancestors names so
leave your comments down on the crotch
and hopefully I will use one of your
words I'm gonna go to sleep I love you
guys okay fine hang with me I thought
hanging with you goodbye
by Steve a comment on Shane's football
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well they let their comments now
about you
