oh my god oh my god you guys got
evacuated we're at my favorite
restaurant of course we just got him
back for the rest are you hey and we're
in the middle of eating and they're like
everybody get the fuck out all the cops
locked in should we go time
wait what you're gonna leave me I'm
Oliver out there are we gonna die I
don't know back away from this is he
choking food no the waitress was like
don't worry I'll box it up
but CK me my first worry everybody not
only members she gave me a dish that was
in there like an actual fish no I'm like
red of you oh my God we're gonna die
yeah alright I guess alright I'll meet
you at your house I'm scared oh wow
that's terrifying you guys I've never
heard that happy before but I love the
fact that because I'm such a loyal
customer boxed up my food don't worry
Shane we got you um well I'm gonna go to
Lauren's hopefully I don't die on the
way wish me luck
school with a smiley face it's you this
is the most double chin Oh
angle close that yeah so right now we
are we're gonna talk to the writer about
the movie again very excited that's all
we do Toby do you
and I'm contemplating suicide can't
believe I got kicked out of my favorite
restaurant this is rock-bottom people
I'm just gonna jump your scarf is bright
is it bringing actually put in the
bathroom and I don't sound like so much
blush on this because the grin rosacea
oh what'd you bring it up rosacea in a
trance way too long would does that mean
you got slapped in the face
no Rosie she's like a skin condition
where people have like reread I'll ask
me it's just like Reds look you know
right like right here in her face you
need to shut your face like like come on
are you like a recognition oh you like
this area right here what about this
area this is like all this area
everyone will be screening my name
paparazzi follow me please
hey what's up guys yes I am listening to
fried music Alice hat I was at the
collective which is the people that you
know manage Fred and like make his music
in his movies and stuff
and they had one of his CDs sitting
there and I'm like I I'm gonna steal it
so I did its Fred's party um here's the
thing I was listening to it he looks
incredible on the back I wish that was
my dick and not a cake um anyways I was
listening to the music and call me crazy
call me gay as you guys always do
anyways call me don't call me fat swear
to god I'll kill you
although I am kind of fat right now um
his music is not terrible like I was
telling her and I'm like I'm not gonna
let's do it and I kind of am listening
to it listen here's what I think they
did I think they took like songs that
were real songs and they and like a
Ke$ha or somebody didn't want to record
it and they're like hey let's just have
Fred redo it and rewrite the lyrics to
fit Fred because honestly the beats are
really good I mean listen
I mean that's fucking catchy call me
crazy
um so right now I'm on my way to Lisa's
house I'm gonna not tell her I was
listening to Fred music not gonna tell
anybody
although I just filmed it fuck speaking
of music I am so excited you guys today
was such a good day we had a meeting
about the movie and casting and who we
were thinking about being in the movie
it's a teen horror comedy as you guys
already know so I was throwing out some
names and there was a couple names that
I threw out that uh the people that
collected were like I think we can get
that person and I I thought shit my
pants I just shit I don't know why I'm
showing you there's nothing there I
cleaned it up so that was what today was
about and now I'm going to Lisa's house
I think she's filming something so I'll
probably be interrupting her and then
tomorrow we're gonna be filming a couple
main Channel videos so there's going to
be no main channel video this Saturday
because I didn't have time to film a
complete one
but we're filming tomorrow I think I'm
filming Saturday and I think we're
filming Monday I'm gonna try to film a
bunch so I don't run out I'm talking
fast let's just listen to Fred
thank God I'm an idiot Wow
hey what's up you guys me and Joffrey
here just hanging out
ow okay don't stab yourself in the face
with a wicker giraffe painful for
everybody so I know I said I was going
to come back here and film with Lisa and
stuff but she actually had to go to bed
early because she has to get up really
really early so I don't really have
anything fun to show you guys of me and
her and I'm not gonna lie this has been
a very tough night so I'm trying to get
ready to film a bunch of videos from my
main channel and literally like every
actor is dropping out at the last second
we're supposed to film tomorrow and
Friday and Monday and like every actor
in the world is dropping out so I've had
to rewrite everything and try to recast
everything and it's been a nightmare so
I'm kind of stressed out but I'm sorry
this is probably the most boring vlog
it's literally just me talking back
which I guess is what a vlog is but mine
always has more stuff going on so today
is really boring I'm sorry how can I
make it up to guys well next week's
vlogs you're going to be way better so
that's one way and another way is I'll
take my clothes off nobody wants to see
that ooh maybe I'll give you guys a tour
of Lisa's kitchen I've seen somebody do
a kitchen tour before I've never done
one myself and I don't even really know
what's in Lisa's kitchen so this could
be very interesting okay so let me just
show you this cupboard which used to be
very very healthy and organic and clean
I have brought my shit in we have all of
my terrible chemical drinks that you
guys should not be drinking and I'm not
just drinking like you know a squirt a
day insert gay joke here I'm drinking
like let's see one two three there's
some of it I mean I even guys I even
bought the display case it's getting bad
and then because that wasn't enough I
decided to get the on-the-go packets and
honestly if I drank a glass of water
with no sweetener in it that would be a
miracle and that's never going to
fucking happen so I'm just going to keep
squeezing cancer into my cup I mean it's
good but it's bad for me
just like Cash's music and then I
brought in a my also very unhealthy full
bars which give you diarrhea and they're
from 7-eleven they only sell them there
which I mean doesn't get healthier than
that they're right next to the cheese
corn dog pockets and the doughnuts that
I saw a homeless person open the thing
sneeze on it and close it and I still
ate it
I have no standards so we have those and
then I also brought in a box of Twinkies
I mean I wanted to know they're new
there's chocolate inside you guys if it
looks like a poopy butthole I want it in
my mouth so then I decided that we
should make a cake which we never made
but instead I made the frosting and I
ate the whole bucket of that and then
just for a little after-dinner snack I
decided you know we should have
something really healthy so I got
blueberries covered in chocolate
I mean listen you guys I never said I
was the epitome of health okay yeah I
lost a bunch of weight back in the day
but I did it because I was exercising
like crazy not because I stopped eating
that's never going to happen so that was
the kitchen tour and I guess that's it
I'm sorry you guys oh by the way
speaking of my water I mean this looks
fucking nuclear that's not water anymore
that could melt down a country if
teenagers found this in the ground and
touched it they be Chronicle so that's
about it I'm sorry guys this has been
the worst vlog ever hopefully you don't
stop watching hopefully you just forgive
me all right I love you guys hope you
had fun hang with me I had fun hanging
with you and I will question the day
question today what is the most
unhealthy thing you have in your house
is it Twinkies is it a cake is it meth
leave your answers down in the comment
'i'd you guys love you see you later ha
Steve a common tongue Shane's Facebook
wall you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls too well
let their comments now about you
