I can't be caged I can't be caged yes
you can and you're gonna be stuck in
there forever I'm just kidding you're
gonna be stuck in there for like half of
forever well forever for you is like
what ten years that's when dogs die so
yeah you'll be stuck in there forever
don't be sad actually if I should be
said that must suck I'm just kidding
I'll let you out soon I hate lying to
him hey what's up you guys sir yes I
know I took a shower I did my hair who
is this is this Shane I don't know look
I know lately I've we're trying to make
an effort on my appearance lately okay
I'm trying it's very hard I've gotten
very content lazy if you will when it
comes to grooming I would rather just
roll out of bed vomit on myself you know
pull of Kesha and poop use my hand to
wipe it not even wash never ever clean
my ears I don't even know who does that
wash my balls forget about it and the
only reason I even washed my dick is
because I used soap as lube in the
shower so I guess I'm kind of clean but
enough about me and my grooming today is
going to be all about our music video
and my orange mouth and this chunk of
something on my lip which is disgusting
so as you know the song is done still
trying to figure out the name or the
title for it I think it's gonna be
vacation but it might be vacation
breakup and it might be the vacation
song I don't know yet so the director of
the video is coming over today with
Lauren and we're gonna brainstorm and
talk about what we want to be and we
have a lot of cool ideas so I'm excited
about that and this is the first music
video I've done where it's gonna be me
performing as me I'm not gonna be like a
character or switch or whatever it's
just me so I'm very very very fucking
nervous about it and hopefully people
don't make fun of me too much and say
you're terrible at singing which is true
but you know it's not about singing guys
it's about auto-tune and funny gags and
lots of black people in my videos that's
what it's about and then after that
Shana and Drew and Steve are coming over
like last week and we are going to have
another writing session where we're
coming up with some ideas for father's
day video so that should be really
depressing
yeah trying to figure out what to do for
Father's Day considering I don't really
celebrate it so I'll try to figure out a
twist a twist on Father's Day and then
after that I think I'm gonna go back to
Lisa's house and probably eat some
dinner and watch TV and stuff so it's
gonna be a fun day and I don't know why
I'm walking I have nowhere to go let's
just walk I think I'll go for a walk
inside now
charlie is looking dead I love you
though even though I never tell you so
you know that I love you no you don't
because you're never excited when I come
near you you turn away from me and then
you fucking dogs
what are you doing Steve Irwin all right
Charlie you did chocolate you don't get
the president sorry I have never gotten
anything from France oh this is a very
very famous French my favorite color is
green
which one what quarter the flavors this
is chocolate that's this is amazing a
salted caramel your
what's a purple one
what's this one I want all of us
everything in the house is one byte how
do I need to take another ride get it
you just do a close-up on it oh yeah I
mean that was like no I'm believable
taken well I need a moment
oh all right well I'm gonna go bomb it
right you should be coming to you really
should be come
yeah that time again we're in the car
with drivin and dancin dancin lovin and
we're on the way to get some food at
Lauren's fare restaurant they love you
you guys love her she's your best friend
turn left you come on
they love you I don't that is what I ate
which was carrots and chicken what did
you that's alive oh it's like crack well
she was just showing me pictures of her
in France and I'm expecting to see like
you know monumental places it she's like
thickness for you it's a cookie store
and there's a big pocket of cookies she
took food and the China ice cream oh
that's where is he okay yeah and then
she's just she's like here's a video I
don't know what to expect
she's just showing me the candy store
can you hear her moaning I mean this is
what you think this is my life I'm just
everybody's fat best friend right now we
are listening to Justin Bieber's new
song try to figure out how to make fun
of it and write as me and you were going
about how annoying his voice is you jump
in I think he's amazing he's the next
Timberlake no oh wow why is Timberlake
so he is amazing I'm not saying he's not
listen Justin Timberlake is a terrible
actor I can't stand that but rock your
body okay rock your body is not because
of Timberlake Brock your body rhymey a
river it's because of Pharrell but you
can have too but you can't sit then well
then you can't say that Bieber is great
because Bieber is great on his own he
has just as much of a team okay but I
did see him at Staples this past
whenever you know my world 2.0 came
through he's way more talented than
Britney Spears ever was he can actually
sing actually play instruments yes
Britney could dance but so Kim justin is
also actually singing but it's the same
it's the same principle behind Britney
he just has a team behind to make sure
that will he eventually go crazy like
Britney absolutely really anything's
gonna happen oh yeah it's just a matter
of time well okay let's say worst case
scenario Justin Bieber goes crazy in ten
years what do you think is gonna be like
do you think he's in shapes head do you
think he's gonna have kids oh oh right
kill him rape a girl I think he's gonna
beat a girl up yeah he'll beat somebody
up Wow we should write his story 500
more tellers
snacktime I'm about to go to bed and
he's about to go into a coma sour cream
I don't know if head sounds reggae is
dangerous
so that could that was Phil there's a
boogers in it
fucking wait are you serious I was
really full dinner yesterday okay so
question today what is your favorite
snack food mine is I don't know what
mine is I'm trying to look around the
house I guess mine are the tortillas
that weird I kind of just put random
shit on tortillas is your his chips
obviously you know anything with sour
cream like when you said tortillas and
my nose like fuck why don't I get some
tortillas or something what about you
muffins what's your favorite snack
you're such a fucking bitch
you used to love me so much now you love
that table so I hope you guys had fun
hanging with us we had fun hanging with
you and I'm gonna go to bed and I will
see you tomorrow
go get some frozen yogurt really yeah
was this like a this is pregame let's
get my dariya Wow
hey I see you leave a comment
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well they let that comment
