Oh guess who's back back back back uh
get get get
Lori's back back back don't tell your
friends friends friend cuz she's back oh
my god
it is whack and she's fat and she's back
and she's fat yeah yeah morning is back
from Paris and she thinks she's gained
weight
I don't well basically I've slept all
day because it was Memorial Day and
Lauren has been eating all day well for
like ten days so we are we're on our way
to see the Annoying Orange is gonna be
on TV now on Cartoon Network so we're
going to little a premiere party thing
festival yeah bar drinking I don't drink
but I'll drink tonight sure and we're
very excited so I think I just needs
gonna be there and she gets crazy when
she's drunk so I'm very excited yeah
inside dish loves coming up baby no I
don't know so tell us how fuck my dad
with a frog way oh I've never had
because it's like a French thing and I
which this restaurant and they were like
giving us a special surprise too like
something's oh no that's nothing French
and we were like okay and we're like
it's it's so weird it's like the
consistency of like crab but like it
tastes like chicken
disgust honestly I feel like if you took
the skin off a dick it would have the
same chewy consistency as crap like
stringy a little bit you know it's cut
that's like Puma it was calling a fish
but it's like heard hear than a fish you
mean dick right for example right right
for example oh my god it was amazing you
guys it was like
I'm sure was well you said you brought
me a present we're not gonna open it
you're driving is it gonna be something
like really mean like is it gonna be
like something in French this is fuck
you and I'm not gonna know and I'm gonna
be like hey guys look I'm Amy whoo thing
Lauren got me they're gonna laugh yeah
perfect oh my god it's a hat oh my god
is a French hat I hate you oh my god are
you gonna make me wear tonight
oh fuck you oh my god are we gonna be
are you gonna wear one too oh no no it's
happening
honestly by the way you know what I
found out a lot of movies being filmed
like when I was in Paris and apparently
like it's really easy to film movies
there and like the government gives you
money
I'm just saying FT high in France
SD high oh good idea
you should make a movie you don't know
about me
oh yeah it could be a big fat momma's
house three oh no oh my god oh my god
it's a fucking pad it's a beret okay let
me flip this camera around so we can get
this thank you for this Lauren this is
my car dabbu that yes I really do smell
and you oh my god literally you were
wearing the shirt the damage nothing has
changed okay javi bonsoir can I walk in
of you I know French Annoying Orange
without gain oh my god the grapefruit
show on Cartoon Network is like gonna be
so that's coming later
so how do you feel amazing look at this
room there's so many I'm speechless take
it in its be right here you guys better
be fucking watching what time in what
day Mondays at 8:30 7:30 central it's in
here my brain if you don't watch it I'll
come to your house and I'll kill you
good job and he's killed before it's
subway we just left the party which was
very fun nobody was very drunk which
sucks and Lauren won't come into subway
are you fucking there's two girls in
there I already look gay it's on the
floor and the security guard he'll think
I'm trying to rob the joint with my
brain come on I'll get you something
I'll get you a cookie come on
nom nom you hate your life this is your
job you're on the clock right now
hmm come on hurry up come on stop
avoiding you're so fat you can't even
walk all right come in play
eat fresh
lish I got extra meat look at all that
line more variety yes please all right
got my salad we're ready to go but
before we go you have to dance your way
out come on
yeah get it get it get it get it work
that blaze there work that jeans work
that long whitey work that fake purse
yeah yeah yeah yeah absolutely I feel
like it's a real purse is it real unlike
your tits right wait no that's real
ha hey so it is the end of the night I
look really creepy in this lighting
still creepy but it works so I'm going
to eat my salad and then maybe go to the
gym and then I have to finish writing a
video and then I'm gonna stare at my
feet you know my feet have a personality
they're bitches I start my feet a lot is
that weird what am I talking about oh
girl no you didn't my feet are also
black so tonight was really fun it was
really cool to a see a youtuber get a TV
show I mean it's awesome it's crazy like
it gives me so much hope and I'm so
proud of Dana and everybody who worked
on the show and hopefully pretty soon
we'll be celebrating my movie maybe
fingers crossed so everybody should
watch and support the show I think it's
premiering the beginning of June and
it's gonna be on well you already heard
a 30 on Mondays so watch it and uh what
else question of the day what is your
favorite TV show out right now
mine is Shark Tank it's basically where
people bring in inventions they've made
and then they like have a bunch of
sharks or like rich business owners tell
them basically your idea sucks
so that's fun my favorite episode was
these two girls were trying to sell
peanut butter they made and the Sharks
were like it's peanut butter and the
girls were like yeah but it's a really
good peanut butter it's really good
fancy peanut butter and the guys were
like yeah no that's peanut butter get
the fuck out of here and then the girls
cried I'm gonna agree with them though
it looked like good peanut butter I'm
hungry
what am I talking about I'm delusional
peanut butter too big peanut see how I
brought that back all together all right
you guys I'm gonna go I love you hope
you had fun hang with me I had fun
hanging with you and I will see you
tomorrow you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls too well you let their
comments now
