we make your waffle bitch have you guys
back bitch we makin a big ass walk okay
Burke let me just say this I know my
ring light is broken so you're seeing
the real me and shit bro
but instead of pancaking my face with
makeup I decided to go natural and birth
thinkin of breakfast bitch let's get
back on track so I've not done a big
cake video in a cool minute mainly
because of Health
but today I decided you know what fuck
my house bitch lessee so I have so many
things for this cake it is not just a
waffle cake it is now becoming a
breakfast cake like this is the way to
start your morning if you want that to
be your last morning I will go low so
first I have 10 huge fucking waffles and
they are just so soft and so buttery is
so hot who uphold lock me up then over
here I have some cinnamon bun waffles
and then underneath eyegasms are legit
wobble and I also cinnamon rolls and I
know what you're thinking Shane that
those aren't waffles whoa bitch they
will be after I waffle them and they're
not the only thing that's gonna get
waffle bitch oh she's getting waffle - I
also have chicken strips because chicken
waffles does bacon hash brown Oreos
Eggos cinnamon toast crunch syrup candy
and of course some alcohol because you
know 2017 just get hard oh and some ice
cream that's melted as fuck but don't
worry she's going to be a drizzle Jesus
pray for my health all right so let's
start oh my god I'm so excited yeah
bitch back in the kitchen live alone
okay
so first we need to start with a good
base so I think we're going to lay for
waffles like this okay I feel like
that's a good base hold on let me just
fill that up oh my god it's like a
puzzle except you can eat it if puzzles
were edible I would have been so much
smarter when I was kid oh my god yes
it's going to fill up every little gap
and this is going to be a breakfast way
to get diabetes I'll go home actually
don't go to the doctor and get tested
for guiity but I have it okay so now I
think we should put a bunch of icing now
I got cream-cheese icing because it's
the worst for you and if I'm going to
kill myself with food I'm going to make
it fast oh my god oh wow I'm literally
going to use the entire
rs1 layers oh wow cool okay yeah yeah
yeah fucking with that now I feel like
this layer needs a little crunch so
we're gonna be putting some cinnamon
toast crunch on top look how excited
that motherfucker is to get eaten like
does he want to die
what's a bit more sad is it was gonna
happen when he dies that she's not gonna
go to heaven she's going to go to my ass
and that's all all right for tonight ah
bah oh my god listen to the sound after
Marc and Eddie oh my god I just pink oh
fuck
ASMR trigger warning bitch is going to
give you too many people who okay
actually you know what I think we should
pour on some maple syrup I want every
single layer of this motherfucker to be
swimming in syrup
speaking of swimming in syrup let's talk
about the occur injuries oh my god I'm
literally shaking you see this okay next
nothing I want to do a layer of waffles
cinnamon rolls okay cool ready oh all
right one two three oh fuck
tingle warning if I wasn't ASMR youtuber
my name would be ASM are you gonna eat
that oh so good oh my god oh fuck oh my
but literally just Quaid like I don't
know what that means but bitch my name
is a chef oh my god hmm so far let's
move this over to the cake whoo yes that
should do another one oh my god okay so
now we have our cinnamon roll waffles
pull the plug on top of this layer let
me just get a little more that cream
cheese Oh oh my god really quick Rylan
just got home and our friend Hannah is
with him and Rylands doing this video
where he is doing around a grande drag a
bitch if you thought that cake was crazy
do really Ariana oh my god
Ariana Grande they don't have the rabbit
chain out anymore
the whole night I want to eat your pussy
right now pickup of you uh what do you
think what I want to motorboat you but
I'd like to push them together really
far so Ari I'm gonna finish making my
cake but when I'm done you want to take
a big ol bite of it yeah I'm so sexually
confused actually no I'm not bisexual
cool okay so I feel like this is going
to be my waffled object layer so next
we're gonna waffle a day apart okay
should I just put the entire thing in
here
maybe I'll slice it next let's waffle
whole damn thing all right here we go oh
my god such a bad idea okay one two
three oh my god man oh my god
ah that was that idea oh fuck me up oh
fuck oh my god oh my god how do I move
cool it's hot poo fuck one two three oh
wow
yeah that looks good yeah so that can
really work like the cinnamon rolls were
problem and that was so good but
honestly this whole cake is going to
make you walk side to side because
you're sick okay so I know this is kind
of weird but I think next I'm going to
crumble up some golden Oreo because I
feel like that would be so bomb with
syrup Oh oh my god I wonder what kind of
occasion this cake could be for maybe
somebody's birthday that you hate whoo
okay now let's do some syrup ooh my
favorite part Oh bah oh my god woo I'm
about to get one mile health problem
don't is the doctors gonna get some
blood pressure pills
oh okay next layer now this is going to
be my pancake layer so we're gonna put
these cinnamon icing pancakes right next
to some chocolate chip pancakes oh my
god alright now I feel like we need some
chocolate for the mix we're going to
ignore the fact that there's a fucking
minion on - hello although I do like the
idea of getting about two minions
together and grinding them up and
forming them into a spread well then
right across go
bitch you're lucky redeemed yourself
with dancing crazy yeah bitch that was a
low-key embarrassing pop and I know
every word that since this is the
chocolate layer we're just gonna throw
on some chocolate chips and these are
like a fancy ass brand I don't know how
to pronounce her but if I ever have a
baby that's committee the name guren
jelly hurt jahandar shah mardan Nelly
Dawson
oh my god oh my god oh my god look at
them look at all of them it looks like
all the people drowning next to the
Titanic is anyone else oh hello okay so
next I think I'm going to do a layer of
whipped cream I feel like this will hold
it all together oh my god fuck
whoo now I'm going to cook up some of
these angles that have been toast
waffles now I've never had these and
I've always wanted to try them okay so I
just heated these up and let's lay them
down poof ah this is actually really
beautiful I've gotten so much better at
cake making we could do two layers with
it I'm excited here let's dribble some
summer butter pecan ice cream on top of
this layer oh fuck oh yeah and then
let's do the more whipped cream so good
okay now let's do another layer Brooke
cream
let's do a couple more waffles okay now
I know this is a little weird but I kind
of feel like the sweet and salty will
work so we're going to put on some
fucking hash browns oh my god ooh bitch
I hop is coffee I hope you better hop
off a cliff bitch
cuz I just killed you I just added the
salty let's put on some bacon whoo
because chicken waffles is a thing feel
like we should just put a few chicken
pieces in it too oh my gosh okay
let's just cover that layer in syrup oh
my god it never gets old
oh my God look at the size fuck hold on
a close-up are you kidding me with this
oh my god if this is what mountains look
like bitch I'd hike oh shit fuck
earthquake it's fine I can fix it
well no build a wall drop okay it's okay
girl we got this okay I think we're good
all right we got doing actually a real
fast so I'm just going to put on two
more waffles actually hold on why not
whip cream one dollop of butter oh and a
nice doubts of rum chata cuz bitch
you're gonna need to be drugged Jesus
all right here we go oh my god whoo one
for the homies all right in the grand
finale
one last drizzle of syrup and I think we
need some slow motion and porn music
oh my god
there she is my beauty little
Ghirardelli Dawson oh my God look at the
layers bop Ariana are you ready for this
alright come on over here
cut a slice yeah get in there good Oh
get everything
Oh bah oh yes bitch great cut feel like
Frankie just cheering you on
yeah my sister is the best right here's
plate nothing but the best for Ariana
are you gonna wait really
yes I've been saying her name wrong
forever oh my god already on it and
Ghirardelli Dawson should hook up ya
know give everything in there you're
missing layers oh fuck
oh my god oh my god oh my god hey yeah
fuck sure you get some of this are you
don't throw up doesn't it look good no
this is my cake combat oh okay are you
accident all right so so bad no it
doesn't just take some of that I don't
want you ever to finger geez what a diva
the rumors are true all right get a good
big bite don't you fucking pussy out get
a big ol bite or I'll give you about it
all right here we go oh that's a good
one yeah get down here if Isis balloons
not sexy things have to precede your pet
hair looks great be cheap by the way how
is it all right I want to try this oh my
gosh so sway whoo okay time to try my
beautiful child
oops can people buy the fast go by the
Nutella but about a chicken shit here we
go
who the SMR though actually I think that
anthem our name would be ASMR you okay
okay here we go
where you go that is so good what I'm
talking about
this is really fucking good they really
go like I'm not even lying this is
actually fucking everything it's like
salty and sweet and crunchy and weird
like all the adjectives for my ass
and is even kind of smells like shit I
know this is incredible I feel like the
cake pop is back which organize go
hopefully would join uh my comeback to
Cakery and honestly really did enjoy
this so if you guys want me to do
another giant cake video or giant
milkshake video give me a thumbs up fun
though I'll go into the comments down
below telling me what giant cake your
milkshake I should make sure subscribe
to my channel right down below we need a
notification bell because I make new
videos
they were poking it and if you want to
on my other giant videos I've done so
many I did a Twinkie cake and a burger
cake I'll put a link to a playlist right
stop description
alright she's little giant waffles I
will see you oh by the way guys if you
want to see more of this go over to
Ryland Channel
it was gross please go get rid of that
Oh
Oh
