oh seller breaker does come on it's like
my bar mitzva all over again
Hey you just continue Oh Dada da na na
na Nana na evil shallow bright rod well
uh you don't know the words how's it
good
I don't know hey guys so yes I know I
still haven't taken a shower yet don't
judge me it's coming it's coming right
after this I sure hope so look like an
angel
oh that was good ah that wasn't so right
now we're trying to figure out what to
do it's already nighttime so hanging
with Shane has turned into hanging with
Shane nightmare edition tell them why
you haven't vlogged all day why cuz he
was sleeping no I was working I slept it
like four o'clock and then we went to
dinner and now it's night I came home
from a full day of work and he was
sleeping listen it was a long stressful
I was tired from all the laughing with
Shana she warned me okay
so right now we're trying to figure out
what to do because Lisa is her next
video is gonna be her 100th video so
we're trying to celebrate so we thought
for her channel we could like make a
cake and she could throw it in my face
or we could shove a hundred marshmallows
in our mouth I don't know that's not
possible I mean we could do mini
marshmallows mmm candy so we're trying
to figure that out and I'm documenting
the process and so far the process is
nothing we do sat in the car for about
20 minutes going nothing whoa yeah
that's sexy
that is a scariest each other
very good too that is the grossest step
this week on hoarders I can't throw
anything away and my wife lives here
with me in this trash pit and she's fine
with it all night pooping his shoes
because I can't find the bathroom
well 587 cash one of them is dead
one of them's alive just one chosen so
um so well let's figure this out should
we go to the store should we go upstairs
you kind of feel like you want to bake a
cake just so you can eat the cake I mean
I'm not that's not a lie I just kind of
want the frosting there's bird shit on
my window you see there needs to be a
twist a Shyamalan twist
shamalamadingdong maybe the twist could
be that me and you were brother and
sister I sleep with my brother
underneath the piles of trash I am
elated and I shit on my sister's poop
head wait what
my sister's shoes and she wears them
we're in the greatest place ever
well don't you love it she hates ropes
what do you call this place I guess we
should weigh him to the car people
around well they call us they they rock
and rock and roll routes because I it's
crazy it's open 24 hours
and us
I step one before we figure out what
we're doing I really have to go pee
really badly
I mean if I drink a lot I just downed
like ooh snack zone I'm getting
distracted wait bathrooms are wrong way
wrong way come on people get the
videotape it oh my god that woman looks
insane sorry I get this right okay
hey lockers it's like high school all
right people this is a bathroom I just
want to show you everything nothing is
off-limits that's a toilet
pretty sure there's somebody in there
and that's a place where you sit and
have sex on right is that what's
happening right there is he having sex
with her I don't what's happening though
I'm so confused
I mean butt looks a bit a whole gang had
sex on it all right let's get out of
here oh Jesus I know him
why do you doing go pee no Jesus is in
there yeah you suck well he's written
all over the walls
I'm pretty sure it's a Zeus hey pencil
bags everything is here all right we're
here in the baking section look they
have gluten-free you said it's gonna
taste like shit yeah I'm still excited
so trying to figure out what to do what
is that frosting creations that's cool
oh oh we're doing this okay wait they
have like you put this in frosting and
it makes chocolate marshmallow 4 and
bubblegum whoo
now you're picking the wrong things or
you can make a cookie pop those are fun
or whoopie pie so we just got the stuff
we committed we're gonna make pic so it
how are we gonna make this different you
have my keys I think right so I'm gonna
like put my arms through your arms is
that what we're doing to bake it I don't
know or how is it you said I you use my
arm and I use your arm and then you fake
it
we each get one on they do on Top Chef
so we had to put like one arm around
each other and then we each use one arm
but that means only one of us cuz one of
us could see their right arm
well I'm really good with my right hand
so years of practice I can bake a cake
I've already made plenty of baby batter
with it I like I bet Joe get you later
all right Jesus is ready to bake he's
very excited so I got that frosting
thing or like you mix in a flavor and it
makes it and I got two different kinds I
got the chocolate marshmallow and the
cinnamon roll choco marshmallow was so
disgusting I threw it up in that sink I
didn't tell you about that I have to
open your sink she's okay with it and
then um the cinnamon roll one is
actually pretty good see looks like ice
actually looks like melted skin that's
disgusting but I mean it tastes really
good why do I do that I like to brush my
teeth with food is that weird must be a
childhood thing so I think we're gonna
get started pretty soon what the fuck is
that
oh it's mushrooms okay you look like a
bunch of like cut-up toes which sound
delicious where'd you go what's
happening are you naked how naked on a
scale of 1 to vagina vagina so after all
that
after all that after all that shopping
all that you hate all the frosting so we
can't make a cake that's such a lie you
don't wanna do it anymore
I realize how long it takes to fake a
guy have you never baked a cake before
really really I've baked hundreds I'm
really good at it I'm really good at
eating them I'm okay baby so we're not
even so that was a waste of time
oh don't feel bad you should feel bad I
mix the icing it's cinnamon roll flavor
so after all that uh when you are you
gonna make it at a later date we go
surprise you think does that mean you're
in like feed it to me you're gonna throw
it in my face that means to my face
well then question of the day what's
your favorite flavor of that's weird to
say cake right that doesn't make any
sense but you know there's one like
three pie what's your favorite flavor of
ice cream
let's look similar to take is that a
stretch okay cuz there's like coffee
cake there's carrot cake there's
chocolate cake there's confetti cake
there's wow all of a sudden you know
everything about cakes two seconds go
you okay all right oh that's your
favorite well I can't
so the fake cake my cake
okay racist I will go with chocolate
cake with funfetti vanilla frosting and
sprinkles on top with a big flower made
out of icing that's hard enough for me
to pick off and eat alone by itself and
maybe some kind of a filling whether it
be pecan pie
jelly or whether it be pudding all right
you guys I'm gonna go hope you had fun
hanging with us who's we have fun
hanging with you and next time it'll be
a whole day not just tonight I promise
and I'll be showered can't promise
everything I love you bye ah city the
common tongue
Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let that comments now about
you
you
