it's only been a few months and we're
already moving in right she has no idea
what I just said
she's looking for furniture we're not
moving in together by the way that was
joke I hope she doesn't think I'm
serious
I'm not ready for that oh my god I can't
poop around other people I'm not ready
for that
hmm it looks oh man yeah that was nice
boob jiggle by the way thank you can you
do that again please slow motion so
weird this where are we what is this
place called Walmart how smart and she's
looking for some furniture for her place
and I'm looking at all this stuff trying
to figure out what I like for you know
in the future when I buy something which
never happens I don't like that I don't
like that I hate that that's disgusting
that's okay but I love that oh yeah oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god torture torture you wanted to
know I didn't I said yes because you
wanted to come home oh my god torture it
smells like feet smells like logs and I
was if it was like black people feet
this was like Shawna's feet
no socks no problem hey I never wear
socks no problem these condoms what are
these
you put it over your head Oh allow me
have fun
ladies
doesn't worry speaking black people
paparazzi
muffin paparazzi muffins what are you
wearing
oh that's beautiful how much was it
oh very cheap you very cheap so
chocolate you're in jail now how does it
feel to get a DUI silent I understand
this is what I do
this is my life it's not gonna get any
more interesting than this chubby chaser
hey guys so I just got back from the gym
speaking of chubby chaser I tried to a
get fit get ready for this summer which
is struggle so today has been fun so far
when shopping with Lisa she try to get
me to buy new shoes I told her to fuck
off came back home then went to the gym
hung out with Charlie got mad at Charlie
so I decided to lock them outside it's
been a long day
and now tonight Shauna Andrew and Steve
are going to come back over like they
did last week and we're gonna have
another writing brainstorming session
trying to come up with some new video
ideas and just have fun so that's going
to happen and then I think I'm gonna
poop I can feel it it's forming I just
like to tell you guys everything it's
like to keep you in the loop the poop
loop if you will right chocolate so said
free chocolate I'll get a t-shirt made
no I won't how you doing son I can't
tell you guys what we're just laughing
at cuz it would be very offensive to
everybody yeah everybody
but I can tell you what's really good
and you're the first black person
they've ever met you're scaring the way
this is what you do my parents didn't
know it so literally
we started this meeting an hour and a
half ago we have about 30 minutes left
and what if we come open shop write it
down
oh that's a good question today what's
the funniest movie you've ever seen so
yeah we were definitely not talking
about Mexicans and a point item at
whatever you're talking we were not
talking about them
no we were not we're not being racist
anyways my fave footies movie I've ever
seen is oh oh you know what would be the
first we'd have it whoever admit what
made us laugh yeah
if you die we're all gonna gasps yeah
got this you need to hold my hand oh man
what happened we were swimming ha ha oh
my god hurts inside is this experience
I'm just black good all right speaking
of which sketch idea Ravin Simone's a
lesbian disgust so this is a sketch I do
write in real life this is a true story
when I was in college I went out and I
bought a corduroy jacket because one of
the characters I was I could pull that
up I went to the goodwill
and I found was like an old man had a
patch over one shoulder and wait what
character was it um was like a woman's
girl at a friend Ravens oh oh and Eddie
yeah it was Eddie but I'm gonna text my
mom to tell her to mail me of that um
yeah you did oh no Raven is a lesbian
she sure did she tweeted about it
what'd she say no she said it ain't
nobody's business which means she's like
how did she spell business did she say
bidness hey just an ancient you be my
hey everybody ain't you guys amazing
wait a minute
That's So Raven its
future I can see that's so raven
naturally oh yeah video done right I
like that's really me yeah that's me
fresh this is the character she played
her name is gallery scenario so that
people just call her Felicity and that's
not racist what huh hi who dafuq see is
Gary look anywhere
what is he did it oh my she was in the
gym sorry something rush August Rush or
some shit that was like by really you're
taking here what you're not black
anymore what you see August Rush I may
be always take it back fuck you guys
well on that note
P please dude tasty do you Rosie
O'Donnell boys know how to do x1 God
yesterday she was trying to a Jewish
person voice and descent just like Rosie
O'Donnell dude do um I'm Hilda okay ah
hey a big black crazy woman what are you
doing I don't know what I'm what am i
doing what am i doing that that's kind
of it I remember you yell like you
pretend like we're the audience
everybody this is all no that's not it
fuck I don't remember what I did
Khushi I was talking yeah nothing about
John think about pussy I'm Chris policy
right take him up Barbra Streisand tom
ice and it was New York it was New York
for sure that's close that was closer
but it was better yes oh that's really
close okay fuck about song cruise hungry
I love him Tom I love you away with
that's fuckin real close
oh my god oh excuse so cute fortunately
the head manages
you okay I'm old enough to be a mulch
okay so let's let's reenact it you be
Britney Spears and you'd be ready I'm a
piano guy so maybe one more time just
came out it's a phenomenal success
phenomenal success and all the four year
seven yo-yo our senior year in high
school how old are you sweetie
oh my god it's unbelievable seventeen
years old
such a talent oh my god can you fucking
can we white things you play Rosie
O'Donnell please my face white fur and
let you dub over rows that video yeah
you're beautiful and this is what I
admire about you young mortis then your
breath
thank you have I got beautiful and it's
great to see you who are you planning to
work with now well basically and when I
work with Justin my boyfriend
and a couple of other people right I was
just like fishing with her it's just my
mom yes yes yes oh wow so what do you
think your next step is are you gonna be
an actress or you're gonna go into film
and TV plays yes and see that's great
wait piano play them off yes Rosie
O'Donnell show wow this is very
unflattering angle hey um
it is the end of the night and I'm gonna
go to bed I look insane so I'm going to
get up shower get rid of this do my hair
possibly I just want you guys to know
that I I do care about how I look around
you and I'm not purposely trying to make
myself look disgusting
although that's probably what this looks
like let me try to fix his angle there
we go is that better a little bit no I
still look creepy great so I hope you
guys had fun hang with me because I had
fun hanging with you and pretty soon
Shauna's channel is going to be coming
out follow her on Twitter at Shauna
Malcolm to keep up to date with that and
what else is going on started writing
the movie that uh we're going to make
this year very excited it's a teen
horror comedy thing what else um the new
song is coming out soon so we're going
to be making a music video for that so
there's gonna be a lot of awesome fun
hanging with chains coming out there's
pubic hair in my bed I'm going to be
cleaning getting rid of that it's not
going anywhere
oh shit so it's going to be a lot of fun
here on hanging with Shane so keep
watching and if you don't Shawna will
come find you and kill you with her
breasts and trust me having those
boobies dropped on your head it'll kill
you here's a picture of Lisa doing it
yeah rest in peace Lisa rest in peace
all right you guys I love you I'll see
you tomorrow
Steve a comment on chains Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now about
you
