are you bored yes whoo 20th day of
wearing the same clothes I really need
to get some new clothes I think I'm
going to do that right now actually ooh
clothes over there can you see them it's
a thirst store I'm not against it not
about that they're women's clothes not
above that so I'm very excited because
today we're gonna have some fun
uh for Brees birthday at least I got her
tickets to see Miranda sings whoo
hopefully you guys know this is she's a
brilliant youtuber she has his character
Miranda who's like the world's worst
singer and all the videos are her being
like it's Randa and um here's my new
song and then she sings terribly and
amazingly at the same time so she does a
little comedy show I think her real name
is Colleen I and I stalked her like all
my last night on Wikipedia don't ask
I also stalked Mario Lopez I just wanted
to know where he went anyways so I am on
my way to Lisa's house but first I'm
gonna stop and hopefully get a new shirt
hopefully also get a haircut and
hopefully get my balls waxed that last
thing I could have kept to myself here
we are everybody place where dreams come
true the place where Mexican families
bring their children on Sunday
afternoons the place where I murdered
somebody that last one might be alive
show me fucking stairs it's worth it
though it's heaven
oh my god you guys we're home I like
standing up here because I feel like God
staring down at my creations
I made him now I kind of understand
though why like there's tornados and
hurricanes and stuff because if I was
God I'd be looking down at all this
stuff all the time and you're like
really bored just be like cush that's
terrible
speaking of terrible I made a terrible
decision target just now and I bought a
shirt that I'm never gonna wear it
mainly because I was too lazy to try it
on and then I was like I'll just buy it
and then right when I like just put it
near my body I realized oh I'm not a
hundred pounds I'm not as small I'm
probably a large not an extra-large not
yet I'm a little bit more emotionally
eating away from that and now the worst
part is I'm even too lazy to take it
back so I'll probably have that bag in
my car or I can give it away do you guys
want a shirt a small gay looking
collared shirt no not the one I'm
wearing a different one Oh God
nobody give me money hey guys I just got
to Lisa's house and she is looking very
out of my league yeah it's true
I'm looking kind of gay you we're here
because you made me yeah
Seacrest out yeah okay so on the count
of three you have to say who you are and
who your favorite insect member is go my
name is Jessica and my favorite
interesting member is definitely a
Justin Timberlake oh thanks oh yeah she
would go for Justin obvious yeah I like
to Lance know you like lamb thank you
every fucking person says Lance Bass and
it's embarrassing back in the day I'll
England I only like Lance because my
friend Rachel lately but he's gay but at
the time he wasn't yeah yeah yeah yeah
he was with Topanga hey let's make a
valid point
could you look at my boyfriend I mean it
makes it granted Lance Bass you you're
very cool so I'm sorry for bashing you
I'm sure you're great yeah but you know
and everyone that comes on your channel
says Lance Bass
so there you go there right okay so now
speaking of gay at least is gonna make
me paint her nails yeah I can't do my
right hand cuz I'm right-handed so I
need you to pay me Hellscream
surprisingly I've never done this before
so how do I really and by the way Shane
picked out this color
I love that color it's really cute I
mean I know what I'm doing it's very in
of the moment in the moment you guys se
oh okay how do I start
well you just paint him I'm actually
feel like this is a terrible idea
no it's gonna be good okay slowly don't
get it all over how do I um okay all
right should I start big or small let's
start big okay I see the Asian ladies do
it they like push down so it spreads
is that ready you do - a lady voice oh
we saw I wore this color I can't do
agent voices wait you be the other agent
lady oh you have nice nails I can't
thank you know they talk so quiet I
don't know how they are each other like
they're seriously like across the room
from each other like whispering another
oscillation so honey just that keep it
in one direction sit until clumpy that's
good is it good I miss the the innards
oh no now I'm getting cocky fuck now say
flower now you you want flower now you
follow me that looks terrible
let me see I miss my own it's not much
chunky not done yet it's like chunky I'm
not done yet
yeah it's a little tiring you need to do
the same amount on each part no you have
to come back to it yeah yeah oh wow Oh
No
okay take it away from me not gay thank
you
finally validation she's not gay
everyone now guess who's here everybody
Murrieta we're gonna see Miranda aren't
you excited
good oh yeah I am I just wanna help wash
oh my hi you were getting your middle
school/high can I take a whiff oh that's
that worse than my drinking cough syrup
um I think it's like what do me more did
right huffing you look like Miley Cyrus
and you look like Liam hey
yeah no that's good that's good
so a brief Lisa on Miranda sings she
doesn't really understand
I seen just like a clip what how do i
you know begin like this okay Miranda
sings
OAH I believe she started her channel
and oh wait that's how long I've been
watching her honestly like I've been
watching her that long
she's the one who inspired me to make a
youtube channel in the first place
and her videos you know she's like the
best troll on YouTube I think she really
is yeah I'm better than you were then I
mean any better than scream better than
raehwan Johnson yeah better than Lucas
Cruikshank Julie Machado he always
probably better than lisbug what does
that mean a troll just make many people
I don't know it sounds terrible then Wow
her real name is Colleen I know I looked
her up yeah she's she's found all she's
good tonight she's gonna be doing
stand-up she's gonna be singing she's
doing Santa's character yes is Marian
just doing Santa what she's doing
purposely bad Stan
see which could go very badly could be
like a lot of boring uncomfortable
laughing like five people laughing she's
gonna be awesome I think I hope we get
it on here do you think we're gonna meet
her yeah I'm going to we're going to
meet her I understand this is like Carly
Rae Jepsen times a hundred for me good
so except for me this is like Carly
right just sometimes happy and zero
times a thousand still oh why I need to
sit down yeah no this is your dress for
it yeah totes
today I saw Bella Thorne at the mall and
she's walking away so I didn't have a
chance to say hi and then she started
running away you know Bella Thorne is
most videos over I said I love her we
both don't know the same people or TV
shows and we just don't care it's the
same like class over yes I think
technically it's class of oak - well I
was lost before but that's a nice
now after you set me up you can't please
okay two people are confused and maybe
you are a comedian so I would suggest
you tell you are serious by the way you
are going to need thinking lessons if
you didn't notice and people like your
singing and they must be tone-deaf you
dress horrible you look ugly you can't
model you can't understand you sound
like a retard sitting in these festivals
is because I want to destroy you let me
talk to you oh my god
okay you guys oh my god oh my god I'm
shaking
okay you guys let's recap what just
happened
first of all walk up to jennette mccurdy
I was nervous she loved you she was like
sharma got shade I was terrified and I
walked very look at how bitter brie is
kind of this a I'm not better okay
and I love jennette mccurdy but I love
Miranda more than anybody in the whole
well let me get to them we get better
so then jennette mccurdy was like oh my
god Shane Johnson your hair looks
amazing today and I was like I'm in love
with you and you're underage I don't
care
and then we've hugged and she said what
are you late I'm liking for a bit over
here and then she's like we should hang
out and I'm like okay I mean he it was
the animal here's a picture
okay so that was picture and then
Miranda ran over gave me a hug and said
I love you then she broke character and
was like I just want to say I really
love you and thank you for coming agreed
so fucking jealous I hate you stop you
don't understand
so much strong word no I well now we hit
the way all in this long line because
Breen likes to get a video at there I
want to say that she's a believer I want
to kill myself
kill myself I want to make Steve look
like Mary and dad look at Miranda fan
with my our um our fantasies I don't
know that was the best show my whole
damn life it was not enough conscious I
could be anyone's pander Willmar I know
I'm going to see you again in five
seconds but I love you and you're
amazing and your show is amazing
can we be best friends in real life in
RL by RL z 9p might not try to be my bro
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry she's my
everything looks really good but that
looks like
I am George oh yeah this is pretty good
now do a side smirk yes alright so I
bought all of us
whoa about all of us headshots yours is
nice yeah I like yours
Bevers it's just gonna sign all of them
and maybe I'll give away my until you
guys know I want it all right I waited
in line because I wanted an official I
waited so long cuz I want an official
yeah oh right anything I think is good
oh okay okay I gave her time I have
those pants
I really do actually just very flexible
I honestly - I know you do it's sick
it's upset and that lipstick oh thank
you
can you tell everybody you love them
because they love you I love you so much
I love you together at once with me well
brilliant well there you go breathe you
met your idol best night of your life
thank you Lisa no God we met at night
and we had sex for the first time at
night what hey
doesn't add up so question of the day
who is the one person you want to meet
that you would freak out as much as
we're for you leave your comment and who
it's loud in here but I like it then
come on dance
waiting got your wedding
alright looks more like a quinceanera
that's mine huh
Hollywood we're walking in the streets
of Hollywood and I'm wearing a blazer
I'm gonna get well that's me shoot Jimmy
Kimmel and that's that's where they show
Jimmy Kimmel show and that's where that
man plays a guitar
oh my god it's Batman Chuck on the Joker
it's Batman II lost a fuck ton away this
skin that's like weird I wouldn't fuck
with these people
Wow so this is where celebrities put
their hands and their feet and they
write their names Whoopi Goldberg put
her fucking weave track that is that's
pretty amazing all right Bri see if
yours matches my attention so much
herpes income on that floor oh no
well Whoopi's are natural boy show you
here is it man it fits it fits way God
it was wearing wit shoes oh hi kami
Meryl Streep was wearing wedges shit
steep - all oh my god does your hand fit
Steve has the biggest hand in the world
oh my god it fits its wait show
everybody how much bigger your hand is
in mind my oh my god
envious yes snacks next next next next
section everybody everybody
snacks so we just got back and we are
I'm exhausted I had so much excitement
today I met jennette mccurdy Miranda
sings oh my god I need a moment that
black guy black a guy who is now my new
best friend he was on American Idol
he knows Kelly Clarkson he probably does
it right oh then he knows Kellie Pickler
and if he's not gay then you offended
him I'm very excited cuz he said him and
Kingsley want to hang out with me and I
can't wait cuz I just love to yell like
a black person all the time
that's your thing though so um question
of the day do dare to say that I already
said the question of the day so what am
i doing
who's saying goodbye say goodbye every
it was who would you want to hang out
with or who would you want to me and who
would you be excited to meet like
Miranda who would you be excited me
other than yours better Natalie Wood
they're all just gonna say Shane Dawson
mm-hmm yeah you can't say me
okay then tell them that you guys can't
just did you can't say who would you say
team is accommo you don't worry okay who
would you say Jim Carrey really yeah
who would you say um I already met my
two idols Hillary I love Hilary Duff
most Craven and James Cameron oh um
Kelly Clarkson I love her fucking mother
spitting
conquer okay you guys I love you so much
Toby have fun hang with me we have fun
hanging with you everybody do the marine
face see you later
leave a comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now about
you
