Lauren do you know why do you have this
hat in your house check check no I have
fun go go haha I look like I deal coke
huh you want cold I don't know what
accent that was no this is actually
Lauren's boyfriend's hat it's very
beautiful it doesn't look at my head I'm
sure it looks great on him fuck you
your phone's ringing I don't know nobody
calls you so we are here at Lauren's
house and we were getting ready I'm so
excited you guys okay so this guy Zeke
um he's a writer and I'm just showing
you guys to all these writers next week
it's right a wig but he's a writer and
he wrote this amazing script for a movie
that I read and I was obsessed with and
I was like I really want to write a
movie with you and he said yes so now
we're going to get together today at my
favorite restaurant and we're going to
talk about what movie we want to make so
this year you guys are going to make a
fucking movie and I'm so excited and I
want to write something like like a teen
comedy but like scary and like fun right
Lauren god you're so late on everything
I said teen comedy so you're not gonna
like it it's not a 30-something comedy
she's ignoring me so we're gonna do that
and I'm also I'm gonna make fun of
Lauren's hats because she bought a bunch
of hats there's one over there
I know what you're thinking that looks
like a dead puppet is that the bloody
one yeah you've no idea like there was
blood dripping out this looks like days
he ruined all of my Chargers today it's
so worth it by the way can we just talk
about how you're wearing makeup for the
writer but you don't wear makeup for me
uh-huh
is that is there oh by the way you're
leaving it's today your last day Wow all
right are we gonna tell people where
you're going or do you not want people
stalking you needs a little time alone
mommy needs a little time off well let
me just give you guys a hint she's going
somewhere where they uh they went on
full house I think twice really I think
Michelle got lost at the Eiffel Tower oh
I gave it away I gave it away
we-we-we all right let's go
oh he's gonna be like family the records
five minutes later you fucking kidding
me I don't want to write this movie
anymore is there something on my face
like a skin like on your in between your
eyes
oh it's come just right up
Oh
I keep trying try just try try uh it's
gonna be so sad I may be driving all
alone this week I know you're gonna do
wipe your own ass oh no it's so poopy in
there hmm
can we just talk about dirty your car
est√° de notre-dame what is that
disgusting what what is this Oh what is
this what is this is this candy is that
a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup wrapper look
are you gonna get vote I just fuckin
dude look at that is that blood
yes I'm sorry ten diet cokes later and
we've come up with the movie folks two
iced teas two iced tea what you have
she had breakfast Lorna's breakfast okay
so on the count of three you have to say
who you are and your favorite insync
members go
I am Zeke and um
Norah Jones is my favorite member
uh-huh tells you about she did
background
yeah she's saying bad come on she's
where she belongs keep more bad word in
the background and we'll all be happy I
was so pissed when Norah Jones won over
ever living in fact a long time ago and
the Grammys I think with the Grammys I
think that you were a Jones should dude
like take a cue from Natalie Cole and
she should sing like with that can call
and like a black in my video which being
a Mason it would be the most boring
video I know I was like that sounds
fucking everybody watching away okay
exactly and none of you got that did you
see there was a movie I saw and for that
there's some seriously
about baking pies oh no no I saw that I
saw that it was she was in under we got
to Charlotte Church I don't know all
these terrible singers no yes katharine
mcphee the new nor does it make the bees
or I don't know I've never met her but
she has a poor guy he's really skinny
Catherine McKenna we know that because
she's too small for all the costumes
I love haven't you noticed about that
though that is ideal notice that full
disclosure
Rachel Shakur who's the most brilliant
writer in the world wrote about that
today in vulture about smash and I love
her I've heard of a vulture before well
this is why I'm a writer is because I
take the incomprehensible foreign and I
make it speaking of writing so we're
sitting here with a laptop by the way
all the keys that are worn out our keys
I've never even used before that what is
nothing like the Spanish that's half of
the wing the semicolon so we're are
trying to figure out an idea for a movie
and we thought about making a horror
comedy so here's a question of the day
what is your favorite scary funny movie
ever - scream what's yours my favorite
scary funny movie
you took screen uh I can say scream
Freddie oh that's probably my favorite -
okay what's yours watch Schindler's List
her ability which is all her tips about
showing me like any project
that will be starring her ticks
so I like ya
so now they give us the ring he's not
doing anything
Oh Freddie but everybody tweet Freddie
Prinze jr. Prinze is ever Twitter yeah
he should be the freaky gardener but he
turns out to be the killer
just cuz he's like not why he's mad
about where he's from a lot of people
are good gardeners you would be a
terrible and I already know with two
left feet and no green thumb and just
lots of Bush boo ah ah always when I'm
not wearing a bra no don't zoom down Shh
uh so guess what Lisa just heard I heard
the song she heard my son I haven't
decided on a title yet what would you
call it vacation justification yeah okay
interesting well I haven't told him
anything about you know one really long
those hair let's get it oh yeah
oh I get it I don't know that it hurts
it I believe am i bleeding I'm crying I
think I'll be okay okay so what was
yours okay so they haven't heard any of
the song yet Lauren doesn't want me to
show it yet but would you think I loved
it so much I'm not just saying that I
really did it super witty coulding Just
Dance some of us take care of this house
that's a play-doh Matthew I'm it's super
duper catchy and I feel like you guys
did so much so give them a little taste
do you remember the course I need a
vacation occasion encasing an 11
occasionally
yeah good high five
it was just a GP need a backup scenario
now I'm always looking um so yeah so I'm
so accesed she got here the song so I'll
show you guys a snippet of that soon
Lauren I have to ask Allah why she's mad
at me for even giving any anything about
it she wants it to be a surprise
it's so maybe it should be spice it so
good ok Elvan and now I'm eating chicken
so that's nice cleaning up after her
maid you ever made you were made for me
Oh yikes
um yes I'm gonna eat and then um I want
to go and show uh my family the song and
I think Friday I'm gonna show Bree and
Steve and Kate and Shawna the song so
I'm excited and then I can show you guys
the song I'm so like sorry bird right
near Shane your song sucks
Joffrey what do you think of this song
have you heard it
no comment ok
very very Paula Abdul love you just keep
it all in and then one day you'll
explode and it'll be hilarious
alright you guys hope you had fun hang
with me cuz I have some hair of you and
I'll see you tomorrow
ha see the common tongue Shane's
Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments
I love you
