hey I like it Baird ha ha ha ha ha ha
gosh I was talking about me probably not
she's probably talking about a homeless
person
hey she was talk about me hey what's up
you guys yes I know
this is insane but the reason this is
happening is because I'm lazy you
thought there was gonna be a better
reason there's not um honestly like
yesterday I was like I'll shave tomorrow
and then today I was like I'll shave
tomorrow and I feel like by the time I
actually do I'm gonna look like Jared
yikes so today should be a fun day
Lauren is coming over we're going to go
to lunch and I have a conference call
with the lady that runs VidCon because
we're trying to figure out what I should
do there I usually just do like a
question and answer with the audience
but this year I kind of want to do
something different so we'll see they
want me to perform a super love or my
new song that you guys don't know the
title of yet because I don't know the
title of it yet trying to figure it out
but um so we're trying to figure out
what to do and then after that we have a
writer's meeting so this is exciting I
haven't told you guys about this
recently I started meeting with a few
writers once a week just to try to like
brainstorm and figure out some ideas you
know like I'll say okay I have a video
idea about my cousin or Gabby getting
dropped off in my house and have to take
care of her like what are some fun
things we could do and then we all just
brainstorm and then I end up you know
writing the script and stuff so today we
have drew Steve and Shana so you guys
haven't met drew and Steve yet they're
hilarious
you guys of course know Shauna so I'll
film that and then after that I'm going
to Lisa's house and I'm going to be in
one of her videos I think I'm gonna
dress her up or something I don't know
or maybe take her clothes off probably
not maybe with the beard though I'll
have more luck right should be like oh
you're a man you're not a woman
okay that changes everything all right
let's go see Lauren
I can't wait until I break up with you
Lauren and Anna you're crying singing
that song oh when I hire another
producer and then you make a video of
you crying on Facebook and it's like I
was everything to you I went to that
your favorite restaurant oh my god I
just come here everyday and cry turn
left
come on I mean after a million years I
like literally my brain will not learn
the directions to blank restaurant
because I hate it so much I actually
said in it oh no mind I see I don't want
this restaurant to get popular I'm a
hipster when it comes to restaurants but
I accidentally said the name of the
restaurant in a podcast I thought I did
I just I'm not gonna be responsible has
been everybody go listen to podcast
everybody go there make his life
miserable so I never have to go
fuckin'-a to the podcast actually
speaking of which Alison Rosen is one of
my favorite podcasts well it's Alison
Rosen she knew him as your new best
friend you have a podcast I'm so
surprised you don't you're so like you
just don't have a lot need to vent what
so nobody will listen bitch of a logic
but the podcast went up today well
technically a few days ago because this
will go up late so check it out put the
link down there it's really funny and I
stalk about fucking horses my
relationships I talk about food and I
talk about my experience with Heidi
Montag which I did but I didn't say
everything and I was very politically
correct because she was very she's very
sweet to me
but I did say that they were you know
they like they like the drinks you know
oh my god it's amazi so if you wanna
hear her story is so good so fucking
good if you want to hear my story about
my first encounter with Heidi Montag and
Spencer Pratt who I'm in love with check
out the podcast BAM plug boom
you're loving Spencer yeah he was he was
very nice to me that I'm not saying he
was fat no he said he was bad fuck
didn't know I didn't he was very very
nicely
so check out so right now we are on our
way to the restaurant you exciting line
aren't you excited to get some maybe
some ranch I've got that readjusting
over here I hate you
so Lauren finally saw Hunger Games how'd
you like it Oh God literally I crushed
my soul I feel like I was I was dying
inside kids are killing each other boy
she's my favorite waitress I like her
more than you whilst speaking about
badges happily just shoot you with a
irrelevance muffins more words you're so
cute I know I mean to you sometimes I
know sometimes I throw you in trash cans
and you still love me right know
everybody was freaking out that I was a
abusing muffins in that video and I'm
not gonna give it away how I did it but
let's just say muffins is totally fine
rye muffins it was movie magic
you were there comfortable no she's
totally avoiding me she's like no I
wasn't that was terrible um so speaking
of terrible I'm nervous because I just
got off the phone with the woman in
charge of VidCon and we were talking
about what I should do on stage I didn't
know was gonna be 10,000 people that's a
lot of people that's a lot of me
peeing my pants and having explosive
diarrhea that's a lot of Lauren having
explosive diarrhea she's already having
it right now so we were trying to figure
out something interesting to do so I
came up with an idea how about me and
Shana we'll judge a Sheneneh contest so
like we'll have everybody who wants to
come to VidCon dressed up as Sheneneh or
another one of my characters and they
come up on stage and a few of you guys
will come up on stage and we'll give you
guys like you know do your best
impersonation do your best you need a
dance move do your best you know
pointing the gun at the camera
over um and then means Shana will pick
the best fake Sheneneh and then I'll put
you in a video or something so that's a
plan so if you're coming to VidCon and
you want to be part of the contest come
dressed up as your favorite character
preferably Sheneneh and get ready to
impress me impress muffins muffins is
very hard to impress right muffins
stop complaining your lunch was
delicious
me and you pooped at the same time we
really did how was your poop we came in
when it was fine but I just pick him up
dawn
I don't think you're done fine how's
your poop muffins is impressed
huh not in my head like yeah chicken my
big like yeah here's a painless um and
tongues I got sweaters hey
yeah wow you look different with your
side pony look like a Saved by the Bell
character yeah so how would did you like
that video oh yeah but as it pertains to
you I'm not sure we're trying to figure
out what to do with the next music video
you guys haven't heard a sneak peak of
the song really yet no no but we're
trying to figure out what the video
should be so basically the song is about
like you know wishing you could just run
away from all your problems and just
hang out with your friends so we're
trying to figure out a theme Lauren
thinks that it should be what do you
think should be okay well that's big I
mean it we all want it to be awesome
how about okay I'm really excited right
now like okay well question of the day
this song I want the video to feel like
a summer like a summer jam you know like
a like just a summertime feel good
something so what do you guys do during
the summer what's your favorite thing to
do during the summer leave a comment
what's yours oh do you like what is it
called bake what do they do what
sun-baked no no okay skin beautiful
porcelain you never leave that house you
pour some skin away yeah speaking of
beautiful porcelain skin she's a
painting right here that honestly does
that look just like me that's me
that person agreed so leave your comment
help us out you guys help us out Gwyneth
fucking bitch alright here we go we're
introducing when I go to you you have to
say what your name isn't who your
favorite and sync members go hi strew
and it's the one with things here in the
kerbecs
triggered mechanic with the goggles yeah
interesting choice how do you not know
the instinct members um well I know what
they looked like but I don't know their
name do you not know the songs
bye-bye-bye and uh
and blanket it's gonna know it's good
it's gonna be all so just get paid I
know just you don't do you you know you
just don't know that all right Dana I
don't buy it yeah all right round two
named favored inching member go I'm
seeing my favorite number is JC in my
favorite video is it's gonna be me I
don't remove the video but I know the
song the Barbie Kenda was one that was
by my right was it what was the one that
were in the mental hospital
describe myself I Drive oh yeah you
definitely know that one Gloria Estefan
you know drives me crazy oh yeah they
did a song for Gloria a twig Gloria
Estefan for a movie called music of the
heart star well I remember that tell me
you Tommy Wow I'm ashamed you should be
so so we're trying to think of ideas for
videos so the first thing was I want to
make fun of the fact they're making
board games into movies so I was like
how about guess who the movie Monopoly
the movie and then we started laughing a
Shana because we're all surprised you
have blossom Jimmy do have games in
Jamaica what the thing is a lot of the
games you were listing what was the why
I say ah Leo Lauren Lauren Lauren my
accent is real and I bring out
appreciated
that's real hey by the way we can Shana
why didn't Lauren said you look like an
African princess when my roots is a
little messed up because I was dancing
okay wait wait he was sorry you were
listening to games that I never heard of
well the most popular Jamaican games are
twist up shirt and dip it and I ran out
or we you guys are pretend
corn cob
other things let's build our own house
it's a good game just look at the ocean
don't get AIDS
haha Jamaica with a lang kami can we
roll this into something can we eat this
steel drums yes Trinidad rum
no okay will you tell a dance trainer
that's a Jamaica Mon and it has people
it's not the OD why don't you tell us
racist bigots actually goes actually all
of those games are games I played Oh No
did you get it oh well America it
happened we asked for a joffrey theme
song and boy did we get one okay go grab
coffee okay all right Java so this is
from one of my favorite youtubers
Matthew if you guys don't know his
channel is Matthew Gaydos they say also
Matthew Gaydos oh this is his other
channel uh but his main channel is Medi
so go subscribe to him so awesome yes he
I started watching because he does josie
and the pussycats covers in ducktail
covers don't judge me okay so stand over
there at which offering and dance okay
ready demanding a lot of me I mean
listen this is without a horn okay ready
yeah
yeah your run you were bad
good job everyone
Wow amazing can you guys please go leave
in the comments saying how amazing it is
I'll put the link in the description I
love it so much
Joffrey is he's my best man he's Tuffy
Wiggins round may get stuck in my head
I know whoa so you got so wet you almost
slipped off the chair at me and she
don't share these things with the world
mm-hmm
speaking of sharing things with the
world right now we are about to do what
I never thought we would ever do because
I thought we were above this I honestly
never thought we were always like we're
not gonna be that couple we're not gonna
be that well we are about to do the
boyfriend tag presented by Juicy
starring Sawyer Hartman there is 5,000
questions let's see holy shit I don't
even know that much about you I honestly
like what's your name ego I couldn't
even say your last name for the first
three months
that's very Swartz like farts both an
ass like wart sweat with it SCH
that's grosser okay uh so we're gonna do
that so we're gonna film it it's gonna
go any words are grosser than farts
that's a great view yes yeah especially
the words that you have you know don't
shoot in a world uh so that's gonna be
up on her channel when is it going up
like now uh Wednesday
oh shit this might be Wednesday today I
don't know uh so check that out so
that's very confusing all right let's do
this
ready high five tag cuz it's boyfriend
tech never mind uh but in tag you don't
high-five if you just are motion you go
like this okay turn it around
dad holy fuck tag you're it
I wish I could hit you back so bad no
car yo yo yo I'm a hippo yo yo yo I'm a
hip hop Oh yikes did you hear that one
yikes that's what happens when it gets
late and I'm tired I start making
terrible
okay hippo that's all I needed you for
go away I just killed your hippo she's
very upset so I hope you guys had fun
today I am gonna go probably back to my
place it is so fucking look at me sweaty
it is so fuck it's so fucking hot in
your apartment it's like hell in here
I'll never mind it's not hell Jesus is
here thank God thank you thanks Jesus
right in front of peewee it's a very
weird combo I really didn't think they
would know each other all right you guys
I hope you had fun hanging with me I fun
hanging with you and I am going to a
shave and go to bed
this is going away sorry Ke$ha all right
I love you guys Steve a common tongue
Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
