BAM she's back how excited are you
I love oh yeah
oh you sound so sweet and you look like
a chola so we are doing a video today
and it's a hopefully a two-parter video
or it'll just be one long video I don't
know yet but it's where Gaby comes to my
doorstep and I have to take care of her
as if she was my child it's gonna be I
just gave she came over and I didn't
actually explain what the video was and
then I'm like okay so in this part you
gonna be unzipping my pants and she's
like whoa and then what you say it was
something hilarious okay I'm so funny
because like you you're such a good
actor and then in real life like you're
so afraid of the camera are you so
afraid why you so hey why it's so great
why it's so fake get on your knees wait
what what what I mean you know whatever
man
you've matched my wall this is nice no
camouflage floating head okay so we are
we're doing this you guys I haven't
filmed a video in a couple weeks I'm
nervous I'm excited I'm nervous are you
nervous I'm nervous nervous so right now
we are trying to learn the words to a
song called niggas in Paris because Lucy
will be singing it in this video so
Lauren has pulled up by the way Lucy's
father very excited about this um by the
way Lauren has pulled up the lyric so
how does it go Don muhfuckas whoa what
to find me that should pray that should
pray that should pray oh okay mhm you
see KS mo huh good mother
won't find me well fire you got that
lacy ball so hard
Mijares won't find me gosh I cry that's
a cry speaking of kids I'm back he's
back what are you holding there uh your
dog's toy
sure okay oh go get it charlie Wow it's
like we planned that he really didn't
want to go get that Miley didn't even
try oh good job none of us really care
though we didn't we weren't really
asking for it so you're probably
wondering why have a penis on my head
I'm not going to explain and hey look
who it is
and look who it is all she's sick whoo
that was a nice though
dodge driven whoo that was beautiful
good job charlie yeah slow motion found
me okay so you uh first of all we're
filming a video you did great you had
two lines but you were all face and you
were just give me as much face as you
had the Charlie stop trying to steal the
spotlight so you brought over explain
this to me um well I found this graph of
college majors versus percentage-wise of
virgins oh and I found out that the
thing I'm going to major in has 83% of
the people's versions congratulations
Wow so what's like the least likely
studio art 0% virgin what does that even
mean we should pay think I could bet
lady pictures you know like aa followed
by anthropology study of humans
they sure do a lot of study I study
Lauren all the time she fails oh I'm
just kidding
so uh mom what was your major beauty uh
babies oh good for you she failed
yeah my major was youtube so failed we
are so tired I'm so tired is it still a
penis on my forehead I look so beautiful
drawing IQ that's ice that looks just
like you maybe as Gabi no that looks
like you oh god just kill me that's no
reflection on you it's been a great day
I'm just really tired of you no
reflection on you but I hate you I love
you right it's okay by the way when you
sat down on the couch the whole world
saw your panties but we're gonna cover
that s what I have what
tees so it's been a very very long day
me and lose you're baking cookies right
now very exciting and I just learned
from my mom well I guess the dogs were
in here and the diarrhea happy working
oh are you filming me yeah okay let me
just say this oh it smells I peeked in
the window okay
and there is I'm sorry I'm gonna say it
and everyone's gonna tweet me that mama
Dawson said this but there is shit
everywhere
okay I'm so excited right now look
alright Chucky
oh oh oh but Miley Miley honey come on
here get out of the war zone geez looks
like you smell looks like food I don't
need disgusting I'm gonna vomit let's
make cookies who's ready to bake
has to do with that good thing Shawn is
coming over she's always a relief
that was a good thing the wrenches for
the daily run
Lamia shit I mean blaming shit I don't
roll I need an I like I like the fact
that right now like you look like a mix
between Joe Scott and I make-a-wish kid
Wow like that's like my favorite combo
my wish is to be with you 24/7 my other
wish is that you don't go to San Diego
she's trying to drive like four hours to
go to send you but I like to what I have
I'll put it in my GPA that is really far
and what does a girl like you're like
above that like she's going there to
make like money which is fine but like
girl like I will give you money out of
my bar come on I did not go I'm not
going
hey hey we're gonna talk about that
anyways question of the day like what's
the farthest you've ever driven San
Diego
uh no from uh oh my way bitch Anu I'm
from Miami Florida - oh um Atlanta
Georgia that was like nine hours that
was my ma'am oh I've driven the
Riverside it no way there's like here
you gotta take a column what are you
gonna what what do you need these at the
store the head on it so I started
swinging hey you need a fork take
something it's a weed there's been on
here two and a half weeks so right now
we're still filming it is 10:30 we've
been going since 10:00 a.m. and I am
about to pass out thank God Jesus is
here thank God thank God Sean is here
just patent her weave she woke all of us
us for you really - are you gonna be
okay I can power through you now I'm a
character actor alquiler wait what's
your line again
Oh what is my line chain kids
and find your place and your moment
action that's no baby I could see like
the regretting her like that regard
where she's like why did I become
friends no like I said my peoples are
people on behalf of my people I know
y'all stop claiming me in the light four
months ago but I still love y'all and I
apologize for all the things I am doing
in conjunction with new smoking right
thing I mean he might make it up yes
right up right now yeah oh did I fuck up
again
you said the n-word again it's okay I'm
saying so many different character
voices and addresses banging hey what's
wrong
no what's going all right I don't even
know who I am right now I'm gonna
therapy I don't even know what I'm right
now had a makeover I don't know who I am
right now
oh my god I don't even know how
concerning is fuck know what a baby I
don't even know who I am right now
oh that one right yeah I mean I could
you know you gotta you gotta man you
know you guys so we took all our makeup
off you still have a little bit on thank
God but we we have our baseball bats
ready because we just heard what what
the hell was that
okay so we're in we're in the living
room area and it goes and the
electricity completely blinks out for a
second and blinks back in and I
tarnishing it I'm like what yeah you're
like Bo hahaha
and then no because it happened like
three seconds after that again and it
was like this intense kind of like I
don't even know what sir vibration got
until Duffy is like Sadie with my she
saw a green light yeah flood he said
they saw a green light outside and then
I went outside and her dogs barking and
then hear this weird like CPU so here
it's gone it was like it's weird alarm
and I'm like it's the end of times yeah
we died we died
I shut my computer it was interact her
but then I'm still here so I don't know
I know the guy yeah
the only one that would definitely be
taken in the rapture as my mom do you
think she's still there oh shit hey girl
two major pitches me oh my god so it's
been a long day so hopefully we don't
die hopefully you guys had fun today we
had fun with you I'm so tired you guys
me and chocolate are gonna go to sleep I
was talking about Shana
Xing now so I'm a chocolate you never
laugh at my jokes fuck you
bye Steve a common tongue
Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well let their
comments now about
