cookies chapstick chapstick cookies my
life is complete and it's all because of
you you got me Girl Scout cookie flavor
chats gig and you got me this shirt and
my my favorite restaurant and then
that's where the song ends yes sure so
what was that was that your underwear
just like this snapped up I don't know
cuz it's like a sneak it's like seeing
the wizard behind the curtain it's like
seeing the low hand behind the Deena
oh no don't wave me away all right I'll
just true I'll give you guys a tour of
her place since I've never shown you
here's your living room here's jump for
me to pray Jeffy needs a theme song what
do you guys think Oh G e o FF r e t
that's boring that's terrible how about
who's that oh oh it's Geoffrey wait
that's still are you bored as fuck I
only have one song in my head that I
used the question what's the question of
the day yeah but you can't leave that in
comment this is why I do this
no the question of the day should be
should we get Joffrey a friend if so
what kind of animal should we get a
wicker hippo or a wicker dog or a wicker
cat or real animal
you can leave a video response in the
comments below with the song that's why
I do this oh god geez
leave it leave a video response of
Joffrey's song it has to be under five
seconds you what's yours I'm not gonna
pick it
here's her desk and here's her kitchen
and then in there is her bedroom and
then that's her bathroom good tour come
back next time MTV Cribs I I don't you
don't you it's too busy and vlogging and
Driving's I have to feed it
listen nothing gets me off like having
somebody feed me
I am so hard right now driving I'm
looking around I kind of want to rent
like an office space I know I have an
office in my house but like it's getting
really hard to work there and I kind of
want to hire a couple employees like
somebody to help me edit some stuff I
feel like I'm in space why hire anyone
with you perfect Wow
so right now we're doing some office
hunting I want to be close to my house
so I can just roll out of bed I just go
work so we'll see it might be a waste of
money I might not do it but hey it'll be
better cuz I'll make more videos for you
guys and you'd like that right flying
horses where do you think we are
real horsies we're the CityWalk because
we have nowhere else to go no that is
not why we're here and why are we here
because we want to go to our favorite
sorry fuck I mean we've talked about
lush so much and they're not paying us
and we think they should be what do you
think if they make my his-and-hers she
thought so
she's soaked yeah wash your ass with
that you guys so we're here I'm very
excited because this place always has
adventures I mean look at that man over
there he's like look at the people just
spread open
that's like today hey what's up you guys
it is the end of the day and we didn't
really film much today we went to the
city walk we went to lush I didn't film
anything because I feel like it was
probably what the fifth time we've been
in there and like I didn't want to look
like I was just crazy I was taking my
finger and everything and then we came
home fell asleep and then at least it
made me dinner how about that and it was
a pretty good dinner I'm not gonna lie
it had chicken vegetables some surprises
yeah no I'm dead serious I loved it I
loved it no no I really did no no no I
really did like it I've ruined
everything I hope you guys had fun
hanging out with me cuz we had fun
hanging out with you and I will see you
tomorrow comment
Shayne's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
