ah hey guys I just needed to do that I
am in such a bad mood and it is because
of the world
uhm I fucking hate everybody except for
you guys uh maybe some of you guys know
uh why are people such fucking idiots
okay so where do I fucking start so ok
driving I'm driving on the freeway and I
almost get hit like 12 times I'm going
65 miles per hour but for some reason
everybody around me thinks it's fast and
fucking furious day so they're going 500
miles an hour which is really smart to
do when there's a bunch of fucking
traffic granted I'm vlogging and driving
right now which is way more dangerous
than that but that's not the fucking
point the fucking point is high if you
don't know how to drive can you please
get off the fucking Road or have your
mommy take you places Little Miss I'm 15
I just got my license so I'm gonna go
you know so I put my hands up they're
playing my song I'm gonna go 500 miles
an hour yeah yeah yeah and probably kill
somebody you you you you I'm gonna
fucking murder just all of these people
all of you where else toys are okay
parking so I go and I order food because
I'm getting food to go because I'm gonna
take the food over to Lisa's house
because she's having a bad day and I
wanted to cheer her up with some food
because you know I'm one of those people
who thinks food cheers everybody up
granted that's probably why I weighed
400 pounds when I was 12
anyways I go to the parking structure so
they have a clear thing that says
entrance so I enter it in this asshole
is coming out of it it's not an exit it
says entrance I mean it was like real
life but sex it was wrong well not gay
but sex I guess that's right if you're
gay cuz that's really all you can do but
in you know straight butt sex Timmy it's
just wrong
that's where poop comes out of you don't
cut a penis in there my car goes in
there you don't come out I go in then it
says free parking for the first hour and
I'm literally in the restaurant for two
minutes to pick up my food I come back
on the laser finally SSD no it won't be
it's free for the first hour it's only
three if you go to the restaurant down
the street but because you went to that
one is is histy no it's not it's it free
for the first set free for the first
hour set free for the first hour but
assault is after 6:00 p.m. so
chemicals not free for the first half
then I go to 7-eleven you know just to
get myself a diet Snapple all I want
okay
it's 8:30 p.m. I need a little calm down
Diet Snapple I go to get a diet Snapple
I get three of them to be exact and then
the woman says and I give her all I had
was a hundred dollar bill listen I'm not
a baller okay it's just the bank was
giving him out that day I took one so I
give the woman at the 7-eleven a hundred
dollar bill and just a second I'm
probably gonna crash my car cuz his
parking spot is extremely small that's
not what she said
okay so then I give the woman 100
Arabella's you guys you're gonna pay
with $100 for 3d snapples really bitch
really you give a fuck really
all you had to do is take my hundred
dollar bill did you really have to ask
me why and then you give me back all
ones do I look like a go to a strip club
no maybe probably with this hat on
probably a gay strip club I don't need
five million ones I don't need five
thousand quarters okay I don't want to
walk around and sound like a damn belly
dancer with my jangling jangling
jangling hips okay I didn't crash into
the pole
finally one good thing here's a moral
the story you guys people suck
except for you guys I love you guys and
now somebody's watching me while I'm
screaming into my phone judging me no
but on all reality you guys today has
been a rough day for a lot of reasons
but and I didn't get a fill in daily
vlog because it was a lot of family
drama and some other stuff going on so I
just wanted to say hi and I love you
guys and once in a while I get angry and
I want to vent and hopefully you guys
are okay with that maybe you got angry
maybe you're angry today maybe you
relate to this so question of the day
could be what pisses you off what makes
you angry me is driving I get so angry
when I'm drift I've never so I can't
drive anymore if I'm angry I just can't
I can't do it I also can't go into
7-eleven if I'm angry because I swear to
God I bought so much candy it's
ridiculous but food makes everything
better right no it doesn't know it
doesn't yes it does it really does I had
you guys I love you so much
hopefully I didn't scare you today with
my anger I love you bye
hanging with you tomorrow where I see
the comment on Shane's face football you
might find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls too well
let their comments now about you
