train gossip
his first single is available on iTunes
now
get it before it's too late
in love
hey guys sorry about that yes I was just
listening to a rough edit of my next
original song and it's gonna change a
lot from what it is right now right now
it's a little too happy because it's a
breakup song and I want it to be more
like Kelly Clarkson's since you've been
gone
just like big guitar isn't like you need
to do right now it's a little happy but
it's still fun and I want to show you
guys more about I can't but hopefully
you guys will like that so that is
coming out I don't know when that's
coming out hopefully the end of May or
the beginning of June but it's called
the vacation song it's basically wanting
to take a vacation away from you ooh not
you but your girlfriend or boyfriend or
father or mother over ever in your life
is driving you fuckin crazy
so probably me speaking of crazy it is
6:30 a.m. right now and Shauna is on her
way over to my house why you may ask
I don't know no I do know my brain is
just broken right now
it's 6:30 a.m. people I just went to bed
never we are gonna be in some commercial
for a video game and I should know this
it's fuck I don't know it I'll look it
up we're in a commercial video game and
I'm really excited because it's just
dancing which is just you know easy at
6:30 a.m. I'm being sarcastic although
it's gonna be easy with Shauna because
that's why I'm so glad that she's coming
because we're just gonna fuck around and
be idiots and I can't wait until people
kick us out and Sean is very used to
being kicked out I mean she's black and
loud really loud so it's gonna be a fun
day yeah
you just color for like your bracelet
this is what it was like in the final
days of Whitney Houston's life her body
got it was like you look good I was
looking at the call sheet and it was
like the lady told me was giving about
youtubers and stuff
I saw one other youtuber and then like a
bunch of Asian names no you're fine your
head you're Asian
I'm Asian a word yeah well we'll see I
have to poop this is gonna be fun my
lips are chapped I'm tired
what about it for that was not smart for
I went to bed at 3:00 so Shauna your
trailer awaits
too busy dancing we'll get ready to
kazumi dancing a lot today I'm pretty
sure this is a dancing video thank god
they picked us right oh god I don't want
to kill myself I was at bathroom
it was aren't girls bad things supposed
to be nice place smell like vomit
no I'm kidding models don't throw up but
they girl I poop and I ain't even a
model oh so oh you guys I have to show
you
epic many times Harley is here this is
your first time eating it yeah
what do you think I think I think like
the beard is hot it's gonna lie to you
know what smells man I'm into it I'm
yeah you said about Lucas Cruikshank I'm
did you a humanity call me oh my god you
guys this Rebecca oh my god oh my god
I'm freaking out that was Rebecca black
right I'm gonna rip that's why it's like
yeah I mean where that girl cool okay so
really quick when I go to you you have
to say what your name is and who your
favorite insync members go is that the
only one you know how old are you
there's Lance Bass Oh God
okay your turn by the way her name is
Katie so we are here I can't tell you
guys what we're filming because it's
supposed to be a secret but give us a
hint yeah I'm a black person it's gonna
be the best it what did you eat good
holy fuck just a mess time oh that's
right we're just here I haven't shown
him yet does he want to be on camera oh
I feel like he doesn't want to be in it
cuz like his whole thing is that he's an
asshole
did I just give it away oh my god
somebody's breaking into my car
who is that I'll waste you oh it's you
we're taking a break right now you guys
it's been a long day I'm losing my mind
and then we're standing in my car
getting something on my car and this
random black dude there's nothing
anything every everybody's day is that
Mark Zuckerberg am i well I guess the I
guess Steve Carell is right there I'm
not gonna give away the address but I
guess he lives right there and I guess
Mark Zuckerberg er lives somewhere over
there so that's exciting
Steve Carell house billionaire okay so
then we turned away and stopped looking
at him and he was still yelling walking
down and he was dressed like a Mormon
but I don't know any black Mormon son
okay I mean the new ones okay all right
guys it's happening I'm actually really
nervous here is the world nervous are
you so on the count of three you say who
your name is your favorite NSYNC members
fuck you Shane Lance Bass no I know you
just pull that out of your hat but like
for everybody Chris Kirkpatrick one name
for you Chris Kirkpatrick
three names mixed in one this could
perform the best NSYNC member ever
yeah Chris Kirkpatrick Wow dreadlocks on
away man goggles on his head
fuck you Shane you tell me we gonna say
Justin Timberlake
what about nobody ever says JC choppers
Jose now you have to say your name JC
really why are you lying Jesus what's
his fun with his one solo song that he
had oh I don't know he's singing it
blowing me up with her love she was the
candidate was in it oh no that was a
different song that was a lesbian song
kiss women whose beer I don't know I
just I just had to ah back home I am so
fucking tired right muffins right it was
very long day but it was fun gotta meet
some new friends
the sets are always really interesting
because you know the thing about like
filming something like a commercial or a
movie or a TV show or anything like that
is you go in and you're all nervous
about being on camera and filming and
you're whatever but in all reality we
filmed for 30 minutes and then the rest
it was literally like seven hours of us
Charlie you can't stop acting surprised
when a black person writes by you know
Shauna
she's the blackest anyways um it's
actually only like 30 minutes of filming
and then seven hours of just hanging out
and eating crap services which you know
is bad for me right now because that
needs to go away
you probably were wondering what I was
padding he was my stomach I swear I
promise it was a little bit of my upper
pussy area but whatever so we had a lot
of fun I am gonna take a little nap and
then I think I'm gonna see Lisa tonight
and get dinner or something and finish
writing a video for Saturday my video
for last Saturday got flagged so I'm
like totally unmotivated to make another
video because I'm like thank you flagged
and if you guys don't know when a video
it's flagged it means that nobody can
watch it basically like 18 years and
older can watch it which you know most
of you guys are under 18 so it was
really disappointing I really liked that
video so I'm depressed
mufon's you need to shut the fuck up
stop showing everybody your asshole
so let's go take a nap shall we right
here hey I definitely took a nap and I
definitely overslept so it is the end of
the night so it is a time for the
question of the day and time for me to
go back to sleep I didn't want to leave
you guys with no question around the day
it's a question of the day if you had to
be trapped in one place with one person
for the rest of your life
who would it be because today I was I
wasn't trapped but I was spending a lot
of time with Shauna and I really love
Shauna so it was fun if I didn't like
Shauna it would've been a fucking
nightmare so so that's a question who's
one person that you think you could
spend the rest of your life with wow
that's deep wow I have a lot of people I
think I could spend a lot of time with I
mean there's one person in particular I
think I could spend the rest of my life
with you know you're saying I'm not
trying to pressure you you know who you
are
Lisa don't leave me ever all right you
guys I'm gonna go to sleep I love you so
much hope you had fun hanging with me -
hang with you I will see you tomorrow
see the comment
Shayne's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well you let
that comments now
about you
