hey what's up you guys yes today we're
gonna be doing another creepy video so
before we get started I just want to let
you guys know that today's video is
going to be very disturbing and very
dark because we're gonna be talking
about some of the strangest deaths that
have ever happened every day thousands
of people die some die from disease some
died from accidents some die old in
their own beds it's a natural part of
life and it's something that we're all
going to deal with but for a lot of
people it comes without any mourning and
sometimes it's so bizarre and so I would
if you know where that it's hard to
process and this first step we're going
to talk about is my we're gonna be
talking about the death of Mary research
in 1951 a woman named Mary reser was
found dead in her apartment now I'm
gonna show you a picture of how she was
found and then we will talk about what I
know it literally makes no sense it is
called spontaneous human combustion
Mary's body was a pile of ashes and all
that was left was her spine her skull
and her left foot but the craziest part
was the rest of her apartment was intact
a few appliances were warped and the TV
was slightly melted but besides that it
did not look like there was a fire in
this apartment and the reason for that
is the FBI believed the fire was inside
of Mary now spontaneous human combustion
is something very complicated that even
scientists don't completely have figured
out yet but one of the theories is that
your body starts a fire inside of itself
and then it burns you completely alive
and then it goes out now there have been
about 200 cases of spontaneous human
combustion and they're all very similar
to this body's burned but pieces of
their limbs are left and the rest of the
house is fine now one of the theories
for why this happens is some scientists
believe that if somebody's smoking a
cigarette and they drop it on themselves
well maybe that would catch their
clothes on fire
which would like their skin on fire
which would let out their fat and fat is
extremely flammable and then that would
start a huge fire and then it would burn
out and that is possible but wouldn't
the person be running around screaming
wouldn't there be fire everywhere then
why is the person just laying there well
here's a quote from a medical expert
about the Merrie research case I find it
hard to believe that a human body once
ignited will literally consume itself
burn itself out as does a candle wick
never have I seen a body so completely
consumed by heat this is contrary to
normal experience and I regard it as the
most amazing thing I have ever seen as I
review it the short hairs on my neck
bristle with vague fear where I living
in the Middle Ages I'd met her something
about black magic yeah a medical expert
literally said it seems like this was
witchcraft either way is very real and
it could happen to anybody this might
aeneas human combustion is all right so
this next death is crazy mainly because
there was a public audience watching it
this is the death of vladimir in the jet
ski back in 2010 vladimir was competing
in something called the world sonic
competition in this competition men are
sat in a 230 degree room to see which
one would die first
and yes this is very real and people
showed up to watch almost 1000
spectators gathered to watch 130 people
compete now let me rephrase that I don't
think the competition was to see who
would die first but the public was
wanting that it was mainly whoever could
last the longest without dying I guess
well in 2010 this was the last time this
competition ever happened because of
what happened to Vladimir Vladimir
lasted so long in the sauna
that he literally cooked himself intense
heat and ambition that was to prove
fatal
the to sauna finalists visibly in pain
and during a sauna heated to 110 degrees
centigrade Russian Vladimir a jet ski
was one of the favorites to be defending
home grown champion team oka Conan but
moments later both men were pulled from
the sauna with serious burns vladimir
died on the spot shortly afterwards and
team oka Conan is in hospital in serious
condition as he dies
that one is so scary to me because I've
been in a sauna and I have an issue with
humidity and heat and I get very
overheated very fast and one of my
biggest fears was my god look at the
door locks what if I can't get out I
mean you guys remember that final
destination movie where the girl got
stuck in the tanning bed and that did
not go well this is why I stay home
now this next death is crazy and I
remember when this happened and I could
not believe it was real this is the
death
Gregory Glen Thanks authorities say a
woman hit a man with her car and then
left him to die two days later in her
own garage ignoring his pleas for help
yeah you heard that right like in 2001 a
woman literally hit a homeless man his
head went through her windshield and
then she continued driving went home
parked her car in the garage and then
got out the woman was 25 year old
Shantay Jalan Millar and the man was
Gregory Glenda Diggs she hit him he
ended up inside the windshield of the
car still alive pleading for help police
say the man's head had smashed through
the passenger side of the windshield and
this is where the story takes a turn
from the tragic to the bizarre yeah this
is where it gets crazier a few hours
later the man had died and instead of
calling the police or 9-1-1 she called
one of her friends they went in the
garage and they took the man's body took
him to a park and left there well
because of this obviously Shante is in
prison for a long time okay so this next
step that I'm gonna show you is
incredibly intense now I feel okay
showing you this because it's it's not
super graphic you don't actually see
much but what you hear is what disturbs
you now this happened in Russia on a
freeway and a brick fell from a truck
and then this happened
oh that one is incredibly incredibly
intense obviously the woman was killed
she was 29 years old and it's just so
disturbing but the reason I showed you
this was because when I saw this video I
was showing us about a week ago it
really changed my perspective on
everything number one it made me change
the way that I look at life life could
be over so fast because there was no way
for them to prepare for this or swerve
out of the way or in any way stop this
from happening like you could be on the
freeway and you could just get hit by
something you could be walking down the
street and a car could just come out of
nowhere and get you we could all get hit
by a nuclear bomb like that and not even
know I mean there's this other video I
saw recently where this huge piece of
plywood flies into somebody's windshield
luckily they didn't die but still
terrified
it's so crazy how fast they could home
and and we waste so much time
complaining about were bitching about
our bodies trying to get that guy to
look at me like all these things when
it's like literally it could all be gone
in the flash so I know that video was
very intense but it really did change my
perspective and hopefully change some of
yours please please live life to the
fullest and don't stress about dumb shit
it's not worth it but back to and be
strange deaths ok this one is crazy like
I don't even know how to explain it I'm
gonna try this is the death of Edward
Archer so Edward was in a competition to
see who could eat the most insects
including cockroaches well Edward was
eating so many cockroaches that he
literally had to cover his own mouth to
keep them from crawling out well Eddie
won the competition but it was his last
competition Eddie died because he was
choking from all the cockroaches that
were trying to crawl back about his
there's a life of the party he was out
going to we're all very sad we're sad
for the family were said for us were sad
for him it's it's a bad situation this
death in particular fucks me up because
it's dealing with cockroaches which are
terrifying themself and choking to death
which as you guys know is one of my
fears and it is definitely one of the
saddest and one of the strangest deaths
I've ever heard now this next one is
crazy because I thought it was a myth
but it is in fact very real this is the
death of Jimmy Jimmy was a British
millionaire who died because of a Segway
accident Jimmy fell 80 feet off of a
cliff while he was using his Segway and
died the craziest part he owned Segway
the company Jimmy was the owner of the
entire Segway company and he died on a
Segway the body of the British man who
liked the Segway so much he bought the
company was found along with his machine
in this river near his home in northern
England it had apparently skidded down
this steep Bank
police say the death is not suspicious
now this is now
insanely ironic but really fucked up
inside this was a really good guy he put
so much money into charity he did so
much work for his community people were
really fuckin devastated when he died
they were just a down-to-earth guy money
meant nothing to Jimmy adopting this
antibody on this day I can say about
word about June I sure do
but either way it is still one of the
strangest deaths ever mainly because
it's literally own Segway and was killed
by fuck okay now this last death is so
sad and I can't even imagine being there
for this this is the death of a man
named Gary Doge Aaron was 38 years old
and he was a lawyer well he worked on
the 24th floor of a building and he had
glass windows in his office now one of
his favorite little party tricks to do
when his friends would come in was to
show them how insanely thick the glass
in his office was he would say hey look
it's unbreakable and then throw himself
up against it and there would not be a
crack well on July 9th 1993 that trick
did not Gary went to show one of his
co-workers the trick he slammed into the
window and then he fell 24 stories to
his death but to his credit the glass
didn't actually break but the entire
window pane sell either way I can't
imagine
when that happened who well there you
guys go those are some of the strangest
deaths that have ever happened from
spontaneous combustion to people dying
in a sauna to somebody eating too many
live cockroaches death can be a random
death can be weird death can hit you out
of nowhere but at the end of the day
there's nothing we can do to stop it
because death is how it all yes well
there you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
this creepy video and once again I just
want to say I don't mean any disrespect
to any of the families who are involved
with any of these deaths I just enjoy
twisted dark stuff and I know you guys
enjoy that too
but I never want you guys to feel like I
am trying to be disrespectful
alright you guys if you want another
strange death video give me a thumbs up
so I know also make sure to subscribe to
my channel right down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day
and if you want to see any of my other
scary videos I've done gets by fireworks
I've done conspiracy theories I will put
a link to a playlist right at the top of
description below I had you guys live
every day like it's your last cuz
