Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late
Victoria's Secret what we traveled all
the way to San Diego for a very special
one this golden Barraza whoo
so we are walking around the streets of
San Diego what do you think so far
so far so good I'm very excited because
San Diego is the home of Drake and Josh
I don't know if you guys watch Drake and
Josh probably not because they're like
not around anymore do you watch any
motion I never seen it
fuck off it's the best show in the whole
world
no but they lived in San Diego and
they're always like like he's a brother
or your my San Diego brother so I missed
her calling you my San Diego sister okay
how about San Diego lover yeah now just
imagine me 400 pounds like Josh Peck was
oh oh it's over there art galleries
that's why really expensive piece of art
Oh gross look at the yellow car look at
the dogs
everybody here is old and rich let's
split up and find people find mates bye
I know it's only been four months but
which ring do you want I think that I
want the gaudiest one
that one yeah about instead of a ring
for our wedding I'm starting that rumor
by the way I get you the woman wrapped
around a huge penis or how about the guy
fucking the girl from behind I wish they
were salt and pepper shakers oh my God
look there's one where all the women are
like jumpin anus oh they're so happy
they're so happy again he's so happy
pretty she's so happy to fuck his aging
wife and our little hairy pussy
she's like biting our little shirt this
is this an awesome comfortable I love
San Diego oh my god you guys I'm trying
to get this on camera but I think I
might miss it
okay look at that white car look ready
you kind of see a pink head that guy has
one of those really creepy mannequins
that go
and he's like talking to it like he's in
a relationship with a doll San Diego
just get to you better
it's Ricky Spanky's porta potties Hey
whoo they leave nothing of Melissa I
know exactly what these birds we're on
the beach I've never seen the beach the
line I've never seen myself shirtless at
the beach Oh God look at this I just
want to run in there with all my clothes
on just Eddie Murphy style learn that
movie when you played God nobody
remember I need ran into the water
question of the day what's the name of
that I'll pick a better question yeah
ah it's so pretty look at this little
creepy area where homeless people sleep
and teenagers smoke weed beautiful so
many Trinity's lost it's like heaven
look at oh look at all the names Lupita
I know her Jessica I never - yeah oh you
can't wait oh okay let's put she set
BAM that looks more like Shasta what
else is in here
Wow Kesha she threw up right there I
love the beach
the squirrel is talking to us with this
real-life hi what's up I don't know is
there to Syria hi what's wrong oh my god
is he gonna try to kill me what's going
on why is he so angry is he happy make
him stop stop stop stop I'm scared
is having sex is he humping that tree
what's going on I don't understand
oh he's done he's done sir he's coming
he's coming
Annie came I want to see how this ends I
want to make sure he's okay
oh my god now he's standing what is
happening are you mad at me
why are you mad at me he's looking at me
like he's looking through my soul okay
bye
see you later bye
you may go anywhere on this speech that
does not disturb a seal stop if the seal
looks at you should have listened to
that Heidi Klum wouldn't got pregnant
right you're like dressed for winter
I know leave me alone okay so this Beach
has seals and you can swim with them
like literally half of those heads over
there people and half are seal heads is
that fucking crazy guys let's get close
Shawna's weaves are everywhere
look you guys those are seals oh my god
Andre oh my god runaway kids run away oh
look at that little one oh my god oh my
God look at that one
oh my God look at that one he's looking
at me
he just did a backflip he's trying to
impress me it worked that's the question
who day if you could have any kind of
animal as a pet what would it be I would
have a seal or giraffe what would you
have and a draft would be a good one or
a little otter oh yeah okay that one's
looking me oh my god oh my god oh my god
stop stop don't move don't move they're
all look don't wave you're asking for
murder
okay guys that's a seal this is fucking
crazy they're right there
they're right there this is like I can
walk up to them I'm nervous
can I walk up to them that's a seal
am I allowed to walk over can they
attack me holy shit
seal hey hey little seal oh look at that
one over there walking over to me hey
come here oh he's looking at me oh stop
right no oh my god oh my god oh my god
they're gonna kill me that's how I sleep
Lisa this one's coming to me oh my god
Oh
oh my god I fucking missed it I turned
over and there was one right next to my
leg and now he's leaving me my god oh my
god when he's coming toward us oh my god
oh my god he's coming it's a baby
oh my god those seals are walking
oh my god oh my god this one on land oh
my god it's a baby hi baby oh my god
it's a baby oh my god oh my god oh oh oh
my god there's another baby they're
looking right at you yeah so at least I
got some interesting information from
her mom today why don't you tell
everybody did I call it or what yeah
we're gonna look at that now do you
think are we miss haunted ghosts we are
you look it up I'm wonder if they're in
a closet
Giroud doo doo doo doo doo ba oh that
was me that was just me yeah I'm so
white I'm a ghost oh my god there's one
oh no that was you that was just you
yeah all right you guys this is a big
moment this is my first musical I've
ever seen I know you're all very shocked
I'm shocked I'm so excited last night we
were on the way here to San Diego we
were playing the radio and I was singing
along to every terrible pop song and
she's like I'm surprised you don't like
musicals and show tunes you would love
to sing along to those yeah yep shows
how much you think of me um no so we are
on our way and I'm very excited what is
this called
um hands-on hard body it's opening here
in San Diego and then I think it's going
well all over their hard body okay we
should make a musical called hands on
soft white bodies and it could just be
you all over me and who else is white
and soft like me a lot of youtubers
drink it
living
they're closed cheers cheers Cheers
first musical and my first alcoholic
beverage
kidding it's diet coke and I like to
pretend like a taco because everybody
else here is drinking I'm fucking
wasting on what are those big balls fuck
right you just put up with me he asked
me today how long are you gonna put up
with me ha ha ha I said I got this far
and she's like
about five more vlogs
until you put a fucking ring
how does think about it alright guys I'm
not allowed to record anything in this
theater so I'm going to have to give you
guys a recap when I get out hopefully I
was so excited I threw my bra and panty
onstage you know I want you to peaceful
like reenactor car hmm my car ride home
I'll get all hands on hard body guess
what just happened you guys I just saw
my first musical and guess what I
fucking loved it and guess what the star
of it is right here hey this is her is
this your first experience to YouTube um
not my first experience but it might be
like directly talking to you hello to
you she had your YouTube page really you
did is it why okay very confident yes
look up Alison case okay so she is a
star and it's called hands on a hardbody
which you know I went into it thinking
is this what I think it is turns out it
is now honestly like you guys have never
seen a musical I fucking loved it it was
a lot more Christian than I thought it
would be and I was down I know you were
little Jujuy and scared node you talk
thank God my mom would have been fucking
bawling there was a black person in it I
was into it my mom we'd literally have
to drag her out she'd be like crying
hysterically loves Jesus mom come to our
shop and she looks like your mom looks
like the redheaded lady other redheaded
yes it does kind of insane one doesn't
like insane right now my girl yeah who
was mrs. torkelson on the torkelson zip
you remember that show I cried when I
found out look at Huckle Sims and they
like th she's a son named Chucky Lea
well she you would like other case
before gotta go and we're like fuckin
you were awesome like amazingly my
favorite person in that cast besides the
black one he loves I love black thing I
love black people in our show awesome oh
so you guys whenever is this coming out
or like pin yeah it's util ah
June 17th floor play us hands on a
hardbody crew going oh good you guys
Alan gays
torkelson La Jolla Playhouse go what
more do you want
I don't know I give it an A+ he'd say oh
guess what Shane this room is haunted by
me mere Shane ah yep
this room is haunted and it is the end
of the night I'm terrified because I
feel like the ghost because it's my last
night here the ghosts are going to be
like it's our last chance to get Shane
in his sleep
I mean it's freezing here like the hairs
on the back of my neck are standing up
the hairs on the rest of my body are
standing up there's a lot of them do you
feel it do you feel it she's lying are
the hairs on your body standing up too
far too far so it is hand of the night
so I think I did a question that I did
yeah I did it was what random animal
would you want to pet if you could have
one and I enjoyed hanging out with you
guys I hope you enjoyed hanging out with
me sorry if I'm stumbling and talking a
lot of a lot I'm just really tired my
head is going crazy look at my hair I
mean good lord Zac from Hanson called he
wants his hair back this is Zach which
Hanson brother had hair like this do you
know their names what Zach I think you
do picking Hanson mm Bob cheek the bat
bad ooh that makes you a groupie see you
guys later
whoo
the comment on Shane's Facebook wall
plan you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls do well let their comments
now about you
