Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late just a typical day
Courtney just a typical day you know
difficult day of my life where I'm
dressing up children to be gay Kim
Kardashian superfans
are you there with with a huge
terrifying knife looks good you know how
to use that knife me oh yeah totally
really what do you do then oh my god I
was really scared actually scared me and
we have just the best parent in the
world who lets their child do this for
me I you know he looks good and goldblum
a yes he does
what do you think about this better than
I can
I mean really it's pretty good what are
you doing okay okay yes so yes we are
filming a video where he is playing once
again an insane character I don't think
I've ever had him play normal child
right he's always been a murderer I
murdered um with the newspaper I've
kicked your area in the policy and uh he
wasn't sure if I'd Balder vagenis
treated area yeah and I was gonna spit
in your face and the same dude that with
that gross sewer yogurt and yeah young
Shane but yes ah it's only gonna get
better cuz I'm gonna keep writing these
right oh yeah yeah keep writing right
you bragging if those police reports
that teddy bear is just ready for action
okay we're gonna fail by if things
couldn't get any weirder I mean where do
I start let's start over here
let's start with who are you playing
who's your character in this well my
motivation comes from cear√°
I was told there was the face a lot is
literally a bucket of syrup
I'm excited actually yeah she's playing
Aunt Jemima yeah and what is Angela's
voice do you think I do rude so that's
my first I like to go up to my name is
southern mammy oh god why no you see
okay that was it that's the voice I hear
in my head right everything my back so
speaking of which look who we have here
the two of the tree the the trio you
know the duo the comedy of Jesse yeah
that's me do you know that you're gonna
play today you are going to kidnap Tina
who One Direction is thanks God what no
this is not acceptable what are you guys
doing do you not do not teach her
anything in life no God well one
direction is this terrible I mean sighs
amazing don't kill me don't kill me
amazing boy band here that's why I'm
playing today that's his hair so you
kidnap one of the guys from one
direction I'll show you that because
their fans are insane so you kidnapped
him and you threatened to kill him and
you it's really intense so you're gonna
have to really find your intense crazy
so give me your crazy face right now
oh you're not there yet you're not there
you need a minute go take a minute it's
fine
just find it and we'll come back to that
now it's gonna be a fun day and I'm
already excited for this don't ask this
is your life how how did this happen to
me it looks like you were masturbating a
walrus uh what do you think about this
I'm like Emmons
I'm like no I'm like throwing up what
are you guys doing like this
I'm on the floor right now I don't want
to say why wait wait look out this is
the scariest oh my god it's like it's
like The Grudge or whatever I call this
the butter we you what we you know what
what are we the butter gets fun them cuz
you know what all scary black characters
like the Candyman he had all the bees I
got buck oh my god oh my god this is
amazing you worried I told her to bring
something to make her look crazy and she
brought her Edgar
which is amazing by the way you guys my
hair we haven't even addressed this holy
shit it's wack you today next good
freeze frame line wait okay wait get
your phone ever since I told you guys
that Lauren likes hilarious and were
terrible in freeze frames you guys have
been sending her like all these freaky
friends and one of them literally made
me laugh so hard it was - I'm sorry I
put up oh my god yes
what's your name we need a name for you
I feel like it's Cindy I can't oh it is
Cindy it's in the script
oh my god wait let's let's let it focus
why is it focusing Lauren Oh cuz that
disgusting I can't focus there it is
everybody
yikes you look good in real life don't
worry about it hmm the fire is lit the
children are standing with their
headgear cameras on this is my life
just adding wood to the fire right
blonde speeding fine this is the
weirdest video I've ever made right it's
up there
it's pretty close watch out everybody
she's on Patrol oh my god what is
happening over there just putting out a
fire that we started in the house the
police came to save us
you look great though these pants are
just very Heidi Klum you think you're
gonna break seals hard in that outfit I
like that you put your hair up cuz you
know why all police men or women asked
me to have a good song because it's it's
a weapon for people that can grab your
oh we might have to have you heard down
a little bit I mean you're supposed to
cut in there you got a head nothing that
not a bad it's just you're supposed to
look like you know a woman that likes
guys so you know we have to you look
good though Laurie look good that's what
makes you beautiful oh are you having an
orgasm yeah it's me it's me heavy soils
is how he talks who are we
um I think now he talks more like this
you know yeah you know mm ah but way
cooler than that right police officer
she's over there she's she's policing
phasic you know in London police
officers are cold what are they called
Scotland Yard charlie God don't Igor Lee
stop touching your mouth guard so she
sings to me like it's lunchtime
look at all that ok that's sexy man
eating a steak so manly I am I'm eating
a salad
nothing so that's the question today we
were talking about weight and how people
don't look like they look like what they
weigh like when I was like 5,000 pounds
I didn't look like I look like I weigh
4,000 pounds now Lauren you said because
you're tall that we don't like we
wouldn't guess what you weigh like we
would guess less I'm sure I'm sure I
would be less than whatever guess what
like sorry good country song in the
making ah yeah so what'd you get
well the question of the day is how much
you think Lauren weight could stand over
there I want to get like a love you were
such a liar you know you look good in
that skirt it the other night were you
guys one of that premier blue skirt I
don't win really good Wow I'm thinking I
understand may go hungry yeah I mean
like 90 only because like I ate I brush
my teeth this morning oh you actually
swallows oh my god well I think you
weigh nothing because you are irrelevant
and invisible to me
I was gonna say an angel oh okay oh this
would be my least favorite part of the
video process straightening my hair
because when I play Shane and I'm
talking to the camera if I looked
curly-headed you guys would be like is
that is that a character is he Jewish um
so when I straighten my hair you're like
oh it's Shane except for right now it's
like oh it's mary-kate and Ashley from
1993 who I really wish I was muffins is
the end of the day come on say goodbye
to everybody
I guess technically she said goodbye I
mean she said goodbye by walking away
like a little bitch so it is the end of
the day and I am going to start washing
off my crazy Joker makeup and it's gonna
take a while
so I love you guys i hope you excellent
hang with me cuz i have fun hanging with
you i will see you tomorrow right
doesn't get any less creepy does it no
matter how many videos I make with
makeup on still creepy see the common
tongue Shane's Facebook wall you might
find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls too well
you let their comments now about you
you
