Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late
it's 8 o'clock in the morning I went to
bed about two hours ago and we are on
our way to spinning class yeah fuck you
know um I'm actually excited I've never
been to a spinning class I'm like
excited I know I'm very upset and I'm
very angry although it was a good
motivation this morning cuz I bought a
large gym shirt and it didn't fit cuz
I'm too fucking fat no that's not yes
sir I'm too fucking fat with me so me to
the kids section no I was just fucking
fat to fit so now I'm going to spend
class cuz I'm a badass right tell me I'm
fat you have to motivate me well the
world is telling me that targets telling
me that because that was a large and I
couldn't even fucking sausage my way
through it such a liar anyways so we're
gonna do that and then afterward I think
we're gonna eat and then no we're not
cuz we're fat we can't eat after that
we're gonna cry
and drink our tears and then I medal and
then today I'm gonna go to the studio
and I think come on guys no I'm getting
preparing yet I'm getting a power bar
from the gas station maybe I shouldn't
though maybe I should just eat Erica I'm
so fucking fat right asshole in the
yellow Jeep he was just drinking I'm
like a
expresso he can go fuck himself
this is what I wish I was doing just
went spinning I feel great
we should go again I go sweaty I am you
guys you can't really tell this shirt
used to be pink now it's dark blue all
which is it so what the fuck ice went
over just the littlest of things I you
know picking episode uh-oh master oh
don't even start spinning though what
the weird thing is I'm curious cuz the
lady was good she was very intense the
music was very wrapped very rappy there
was some older women and they're just
getting it with the rap really getting
really good that one old woman was
staring at me as if she wanted to say
fuck me fuck me now you sweaty monster
and I liked it um but I don't know I
feel like did it did did I work out
enough that I do enough did I go hard
enough you know you'll never know until
you try again that's where she's
supposed to be like Shane you look with
you do honey you really thank you I
wasn't forced alright well hopefully
that's um the last time nice we you see
a shower now stop trying to change me
fuck you hippo fuck you
leopard and leopards daughter
fuck you zebra fuck all of you fuck you
Lorne I'm so tired
I went spinning it was funny as I'm
gonna shit my pants during this spinning
good today no I really did like first of
all the week before I was driving the
spinning diary could you make a lot this
time I made halfway through
diary a belieber class oh wait where do
you go up dog just dirty disgusting
I don't were the name of the place I
went to but originally next we had
diarrhea and I was jealous cuz she kept
getting up toward the bathroom
he was wake up nah fuck you there sir
you never want to know what their orgasm
faces you're one of them
and I think I just saw oh no oh God
we're all are gonna make me big tomorrow
yeah so I'm filming videos tomorrow
which be going up Saturday where Lauren
he's gonna have an orgasm make your
father do it it's been a while you might
have to do some method acting for that
one yes we might have to find us some
money do you think my mom has a dildo I
was talking to Lisa about this and
Lisa's like every girl has one and I'm
like I don't think she's not ever
blessed I told Lisa said my mom is sick
I feel like if anything she has like dog
toys that she like fiddles with like I
don't think my mom has like a special
area with like you know toys this is not
beautiful I come as I forget that you
watch these mom sorry
leave a comment question of the day what
do you think mom I'm just kidding no
terrible terrible tale actually another
question of the day should be what
household item is good for epic scream
but take a good homemade dildo what do
you guys think
what's a building saw shaker apple pie
for a girl I mean listen I'm not judging
there's some knowing I'd say I'd say a
saltshaker leave your quick believin
comment what do you think give me a real
one let's also the salt well I literally
have chills think about it
Oh salty vaginas although I prefer mine
sweet like yours baby here's a salty yo
are you mad at my nostril what you
seeing there cocaine no probably poop
I've been smelling a lot of poop lately
but there's been no poop around I wish
there was poop around constipated I tell
you guys so many personal things what do
I do that I don't know speaking of
personal things so we just got back from
the studio and it was hard so I'm trying
to write this song and basically the
song is about it started out as a fun
summer song which is supposed to be
about like letting go and having fun and
not caring about what people think of
you and all that stuff which is great
and then the more I started writing it
I'm like man I feel like this is really
like generic and you know I'm sure a lot
of people like it but it feels kind of
you know safe and whatever so I was
talking to the songwriters today that I
were the producers and and they asked me
to like you know what do you really care
about like how do you relate and I was
like well like for me I kind of feel
like it's a breakup song but I am NOT
dealing with a breakup right now I mean
maybe soon right if she figures out how
stupid I am and how crazy I am
anyways I'm like so the only thing I can
really relate to it is you know my dad
and something I haven't really talked
you guys too much about and um so we
started writing that song which was the
same beat in the same melody so it's
still fun but it's kind of like a
breakup song with my dad and I never say
my dad's name in it you know it's very
much like you know well I'll give you
guys a little taste of it
it's basically like about wanting to get
away from somebody wanting to get out of
there their grip and out of their power
and doing your own thing and you kind of
just want to give a keishon you want to
just get away from all of it so we
started writing that and honestly it's
really fucking hard to write a song
about something that I'm so like
you know that basically the situation
with my dad has made my whole life like
I had this terrible childhood and now
I'm here and now I make videos and I I
lost all this weight and I got out of my
dad's grips and now I'm here and I'm
talking to you guys and so it was the
best and worst thing that ever happened
to me so writing a song about that is
very hard it's very personal and it's
something I've never done before so I
don't know if this song is going to come
out as soon as I was hoping because it's
taken me a while right now I only have
one page of notes and you know so wish
me luck you guys I hope this isn't too
personal I've never really talked about
it I've kind of talked about abuse and
stuff and alcoholism and all the stuff
that I dealt with as a kid so hopefully
when this video comes out you guys can
relate to it and if any of you guys out
there dealing with abuse or alcoholic
parents or you know being neglected or
any of that and hopefully you guys feel
comforted by me and hopefully you feel
like I am here for you and I can you
know be your friend when you need
somebody because I love you and if you
want me to stick my finger up your butt
I'll do it I mean I won't love it but
I'll do it all right enough talkie
talkie I'm going to go to sleep so I can
wake up and film the video tomorrow sean
is coming over and I'm gonna be pouring
butter all over her don't ask aren't you
guys I love your head fun hanging with
you hope you had fun hang with me and
I'll see you tomorrow
Steve's a common
on Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well you let
their comments now
