train gossip his first single is
available on iTunes now get it before
it's too late
yes I feel stronger cuz I just went to
the gym and I got ringworm from a
machine but I don't care because I'm
strong good yeah I really did get
ringworm though I'm pretty sure either
ringworm or I'm just having a bad case
of circular acne on my leg which has
happened before so I am on my way home I
just got done with the gym and today is
gonna be fun because I am going to go to
Target because I think I've told you
guys this before target always inspires
me I know this is random but not just
Target but like Walmart any kind of
store where there's a lot of stuff a lot
of weird stuff and a lot of weird people
I can inspired and I bring my notepad
which I have right here never mind I
have I do have a huge bag of chocolate
marshmallows it looks like you know old
black man balls oh and a half old
Mexican balls no but I get my notepad I
get my pan I go in there and I just
write down sketch ideas and video ideas
and you know whatever so I'm gonna do
that then afterward I'm getting with
Lisa and a couple of her friends that I
really like and we're gonna go see
Titanic 3d and then after that I think I
need to come back home and start filming
my video cuz it's been a little while
since I've had like a really normal
Shane Dawson Saturday video so I'm
excited to make one of those hopefully
it comes out good yeah yeah sure sister
she's just being my Lea my only does it
not love me anymore do you Miley fuck
you whatever Charlie you love me right
yeah see you're coming toward me or away
from me look at me Charlie Charlie
something a little bit
I just want your love yeah you love me
right muffins oh you do what's your
favorite thing about me that sounded
like a nothing I'm just I don't know oh
now you love me because muffins love me
you love what you can't have
you're such a typical bitch so I'm on my
way to Target hopefully I get inspired I
mean this inspires me daily it inspires
me to go out and get a real job stop
putting on wigs maybe get married maybe
have kids baby never ever tell them that
Daddy used to put on wigs well that's
the inspiration all right bye animals
fuckers bye I mean not even like a grunt
I'm gonna cut off my legs and kick you
around the house that actually sounds
like a lot of fun maybe I'll do that
Here I am at Target with my trusty
notebook and all the offensive material
that they offer like the dirty to clean
babies dirty to clean the little people
toys I mean at least are being
politically correct touch my tummy try
me
I mean if I was a child molester and I
was walking down this aisle I think I'd
explode
uh-oh I'm about to explode so yes I am
trying to film some ideas I thought of
some ready I'll give you a sneak peak
BAM
there's my dear book so far I have a lot
of offensive things a lot of terrible
things and one Bible joke which is weird
because I don't do Bible jokes but I
thought it kind of funny one I think
even Jesus would laugh
was that it
that was that's your song okay good
really
I always feel more weak and vulnerable
it's one thing I love about the paper
towel aisle there is literally five
maybe six thousand different types
they're all the fucking same they all
clean up shit they all clean up blood
depending on who it is they all clean up
food piss cats people why is there 500
different types its Joffrey he is just
sitting in a little chair he's made of
wicker hair you didn't really make any
sense but it right hey guys so we are
here in Lisa's apartment say hi oh oh
well I was just digging through my purse
you know what I'm talking about gals
right I'm always switching purses no so
we are on the way to go to dinner with
some of Lisa's friends who I quite enjoy
number one because one is Jude he's
super jewy right
no she doesn't look super jewy well one
of them is super jewy and then one of
them is into Disney Channel so boom boom
two things I love right whoa show that
closet again oh my god I was like I
heard the hoarders theme song meep do do
do do do do is there 25 dead cats in
there you should have said there's gonna
be one dead Shane if you don't turn that
camera off hey I should be writing these
dogs dog toys fancy wood art pictures of
weddings were not in Shane or Lisa's
place anymore
where are we
that was very creepy stay where you are
tell me you're okay
um I'm gonna say okay you have to tell
me what your name is and who your
favorite insync members go Rachel Stone
Lance Bass Ryan radius Justin Timberlake
but not when he's acting good call Lance
Bass I just saw him at the gym yesterday
well you did looks good so do you I only
like Lance Bass cos Rachel like twins
ah Lance Bass actually once you really
oh it's a panga oh oh you know Topanga
yes slash danielle fishel yes slash
looked good like she is big everything
she looks like but you know what you're
gonna like the carnival it's like if you
went to the carnival they drew a
caricature of you that would be danielle
fishel large all right so we are
deciding where to go eat so name the two
restaurants you name one you name one
and then we're gonna flip a coin okay
which one do you secretly want I feel
like either or I'm excited about do you
have to make it interesting
who dis belly okay so we both want
different things here we go this is what
was heads I was gonna get diarrhea cold
stares
oh wait before we go a little something
that they might not know about you but I
know is that you are an NSYNC fan so I'm
just let's just say 15 seconds because
we don't want to do that weird like way
too long of a performance but give me
your favorite NSYNC song in a dance /
song 15 seconds ago you know the words
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my god oh geez all
right good job claps see it went past 15
seconds then I got very awkward all
yours how are you hey so we're gonna
return like a chance
any words of wisdom on his birthday
your 21st remember when an airplane -
really yeah all right so you do magic
but that was magical we need more light
in here romantic life
there we go that worked okay okay ready
you guys okay
look at the car I just want to thank all
the waiters I came out to sing to me no
one gave sh a PBY a jiffy do i RT
da why kill you deserved it blot the
candle for that boy oh yeah what
happened where's the card well what was
my card
what yeah I got distracted but I'll
still give it to you kiss me under the
rock he's wearing ring I actually don't
know the words to that song but I love
that song I always wanted my first kiss
to be the bad song and instead it was to
the screaming in my head just this
catchy though I mean it's been in my
head since I was born
so that was today hopefully you guys
enjoyed hanging with me because I
enjoyed hanging with you question of the
day what's your favorite restaurant
mine is why not oh that's right because
I don't want to get too popular well
then I will say Taco Bell cuz I like
that my fat inside Shane likes that my
normal Shane on the outside can't eat
that anymore so I'm gonna say Taco Bell
alright you guys I love you I would show
you guys her but she's I mean do you
want to show it your way not ashamed I
mean I like it is the internet ready for
it come back wait ready I'll give you
guys a hint it's a Dolly Parton shirt
that I think I pissed on /kids dawn all
right you guys I'm gonna go I have to
fart right now should I fart for you
guys oh never mind he just went back
inside of my body ooh that's gonna hurt
later okay
Shayne's big football fan you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well you let
their comments now
