Shane Dawson this first single is
available on iTunes Mouse get it before
it's too late
no no I own an OG it's your birthday
Jordao a narrow narrow now now hey
everybody jointed have you there's
nobody know this song Darren Aaron Aaron
you don't know this song it's yo come on
this is what this thing on the news oh
no
yeah whenever it's a slippery day
jillian Barberie right it's your
birthday I think is they can't actually
sing the actual apps for this not right
New Zealand good day ladies yeah yeah
where they would actually sing like oh I
don't know Disney birthday Disney
birthday oh it's host sketch this is the
best table ever we have Steve we have
brie we had a hey wait on her I came we
have Gasquet point oh I know I'm not
gonna skip you they love you
we have Shana we have K we have this
asshole we have to always I just keep
coming back to you baby can I rub you I
love you massage it when you greet him
yeah it's really quiet here to focus on
no so it's your birthday how old are you
turning are you okay saying that you're
turning 18 that's a lie you're like what
30 she's gonna you're 20 you're my age
23 right yeah to from DOS I was very I'm
just kidding I want to stop now
I like to stop okay This Is It this is
as far as you'll go yeah I believe you
stop
okay just be like my right there is just
go by and I'm going to imagine no just
have another anniversary of this same
thing yeah second anniversary of my 25th
or just kill your science yeah I love it
when like a 55 year old like my mother
like anyone else mother they're always
like it was like it's my 30th birthday I
do that yeah exactly people more like
this deep yeah oh good time so what is
your birthday wish
Amy's right there you could yeah tell
the truth
Oh a 3-way uh-huh
could i film it no you could be the
fluffer whoa I'm so you flood the shit
out of it or you play the uh-oh because
I mean I can't Martin could be the pilot
who's just like oh this blind sex plane
you said that very naturally it's
birthday don't give up yeah
you're one years old they still don't
care well what did you wish for
I mean oh what's king of the web it just
contests that they do come we're gonna
find you yeah yeah what is the link
I believe I'm a common splash do you
mind I don't know yeah it's like you're
number three Wow we sold that hard
they're all gonna go over again what are
you gonna do if you win I'm gonna make
You Liam and Scout meeting why I met
more like are you gonna like make out
with Amy Castle are you gonna take the
clothes off oh the incentives yeah I
want to tell with whoever you want can
you give us like a can you give us a
preview like can you almost make out
with Amy and then I'll cut the camera
off okay ready
if you guys want to see the rest of this
way see me down to make all the briefs
humans look who it is it's rude
we're here at Brie's house this is he
after Porter what are we gonna do with
this after party okay yeah so wasted and
by wasted I mean I got some low-fat
whipped cream oh girl oh girl whip its
whip it but not crazy you know we don't
want to be - me not not with it with it
we're just gonna shove whip cream in
each other's mouths it's not what
whippets are no whip it says when you
suck in the air and you get high what
what the dog really that's you're so
smart
she's so smart she's just so smart she's
so some I can't leave it just like her
can we get shirts to say I want to be a
my oh did you say it's CBS I see I need
they were like majorly discount like
girl you got shoes at CBS gee I've
actually gotten underwear at CBS and I'm
still wearing them I never take them off
don't judge me mm-hmm what the fuck is
that it's the name of the little girl in
Bangladesh's Here I am yeah is your hair
real everything about you is real I'm
sorry everything right I'm just guessing
right behind that Bush that would mean I
move that Bush over and I was like no
where where why'd you look down that's
scared to go on my new hair why I had a
growth on my ear when I was like well
from burns as I was 13 I had it
surgically removed
what watch it okay yeah thank you
tonight for the time that you like and
then versus that one which is me which
is normal right freak
I know I'm not perfect are you building
her because she's perfection they just
summed it up like injected my ears ooh
and so I was 13 I didn't go around like
yeah I've had you are so cool yeah yeah
we're not cool we need plastic surgery
lesson kids to be cool you got plastic
surgery have a good have all over body
blessing I could get their heart Heidi
Montag special you know they could take
your soul and put into somebody else
that'd be so much into you me I to son
be in here I'm a walk away from this
right now we are watching star Kelly
trapped in the closet with commentary
by our Kelley himself just laughing you
don't go through so much giving so much
advice miss like I mean it is shit
literal shit you guys are way too young
to know what this is don't you love it
happy happy birthday
hours dress in the closet nights ago and
the ending is I just tell you what
happens yeah yeah poignant ballad for
clean the point of this is that everyone
switches everyone and it's don't have
gay sex because everyone will get HIV
really yeah really yeah does he say that
the commentary no well I don't know I
haven't seen that well is that why it's
called trapped in the closet again
basically they're all like they all get
a package like all the characters in
this they all get a package and like the
package is HIV so it's like no it's not
that's not going out gay sex
it's don't just fuck everyone in the
world because everyone else it's a good
message oh it started when the pastor
was fucking with the antoine so as some
of you might not know I don't know if
we've already said this but the reason I
found Amy castle is because she's in my
favorite episode of Lee's McGuire which
is called just like Lizzie so one
everybody they replay it all the time
we're doing that episode listen we're
ten years ago and then they come um hard
wait before you do it I thought okay I
had this wig okay
and I planned this whole night I saw
this wig I wanted any one favor on there
it's all I ever wanted this is my
birthday wish it's coming true well
basically in the show if you remember it
was the girl that was like obsessed with
Lizzie and she dressed like her and
acted like her and everything
she was Burnett with bangs we're about
to see it this is big for me right
skaters just
oh my god oh my god this is happening oh
my god this is fucking happening
don't fuck this out great hey look it up
on Google now Steve google it
google it somebody Google a so we could
do it side by side
oh my god sir oh my god this is so weird
oh my god it's her oh my god okay can
you say I love Shane Dawson while you
wearing that whip bite do it again she
did a lip bite at the end Jill about
your lip bite your fucking lip you bite
you you put on the weigh-in you bite you
fucking flip lip I know you did it
little sexy yeah but that wasn't you
coming yeah now say now say you love
brie and you you hope she's touching you
wet wet wet wet wet it's like it's like
SeaWorld right now oh my god Oh Free
Willy it's crowded is when everyone
wants to go home nobody wants an annual
pass Oh funny why does nobody we kid
everybody was dirty minds the perfect
game for these dirty motherfuckers I'm
talking to you my dirty negress a-- I
can see up your dress anyways you see
darkness
I'm glad our vagina colon agresa hey my
darkness an aggressor so this game is
called dirty minds basically if they
take clean words like bathtub and they
give you dirty clues and you have to
guess what the clean word is so brake
give us the dirty clues okay you suck on
me with your mouth
I can't stay hard forever there's
sometimes lipstick on my stick popsicles
damn they just give us one hard one
really hard really really hard okay you
can't help licking me with your tongue I
get laid a lot on the bathroom sink you
can keep me in your mouth until I start
to hurt to program no friggin
thermometer I get laid a lot on the
bathroom sink hairbrush I will a slut
you can't help to pick no toothpaste
no licking me tongue I get leaving keep
me in your mouth until I start to hurt
oh my mouthwash wait don't give away the
answer that's the question of the day
what do you think it is and then we'll
never tell you well there you go you
guys hopefully I'd fun hang with us we
had fun hang with you alright you guys
see you later
we love you I happy birthday Bray yeah
Hey suck it in ah see the common tongue
Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well let their
comments now about you
