Oh
Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes now get it before
it's too late actually don't know the
words to that song at all but you know I
don't even think she really knows words
to that song because it sounds like
she's just mama Beulah Wow
that's genius so heartfelt I wonder what
it means anyways I am here sitting
outside of a random person's house
because the restaurant I'm going to head
no parking and I'm very excited because
the restaurant I'm going to is going to
be filled with two individuals that I
love so much this means love
remember that kids this means love Amy
Castle you guys met her the other day in
my blog and bree essrig who you guys
know so I'm very excited I'm going to go
have a Power Lunch with them and then
afterward Sean is coming over and me and
her are going to do a video where
Sheneneh and whoever Sean is going to be
playing most likely a black person are
gonna give life advice to kids so that's
gonna be terrible let's get this show on
the road
what's Amy eating hopefully me and Bri
right
Bab so we were at the same place I eat
every day because guess what Amy abri
liked it too
oh my god what's your favorite thing
here
Cuban sandwich yeah right
what's yours that is the one thing here
I would never put in my face beat quinoa
so I don't like anything that sounds
like a dictator or that sounds like a
code for just dirty dirty nasty pussy
goula dirty pussy
jin-hwan that's you so my girl just came
to the job
Oh bang and the first thing she says
instead of hey baby miss you love you
you say fucking going on with your
outfit alright so like y'all don't know
but like I got my western shirt you know
it's cool
you look nice like you're are you going
we've gone places look good shit
and then yeah you know I got my
spongebob fuck is happening baby now
that we coordinate good coordinate no
you know what this is this is like
casual super casual
lazy's okay then a new thing like is
that like Milan Fashion Week yes
okay that's like Raven Symone was lying
at Target yeah I'll be rocking Asia Oh
had a vision and emotion so I'm very
excited because I was having writer's
block and I called Shauna and I was like
listen I don't know what to do for this
out of his video do you want to just
come over and we'll answer kids
questions and she was like you sounded
so enthusiastic say that's actually a
quote what I said I was like well I
called right when I woke up and my hey
girl I want to come over I was like you
make it sound so plain oh I was gonna
cook my
oh yeah there's a whole new thing I had
a moment of moment um but yeah I say
sure let's do that with us with these
fuckers
I mean lovely people's question I'm so
excited I've read a couple of them I
don't want to like pre read these but
these kids are going to have some
terrible advice given to them yeah job
done
Real Housewives of shanedawsontv oh it's
good
Charlie wants to play ball Oh mate don't
really make it elegant balls are loose
in your language first
why because I will show you how to make
chicken pretty much I look I have layers
I have OS corn - girl she know she knew
I would come
I know I would call me here's potatoes
in the bottom and then there's chicken
and there's corn is a recipe or you just
like doing I everything that was gonna
freeze keep those witches Pro just a
fair babe there you go my version of
cookie I would make some food phone one
day like yeah I've been promising to do
it I don't know terminal so that I make
a curry chicken out what you like really
like I did I really like them special
I can't you can't be redundant karakuri
but that make something my love I'm
gonna make something free someone
attending 100% unders otherwise my
entire insights will follow are you
liberation right now is you'll be a
racial is you is okay good cuz I want it
out get our better that is just animal
prints for days my chinchilla vest is
cute guess is that chinchilla but is
that there's so many different animals
on the second this rat that's what zebra
pre
zebra right now this on snake skins
lucinei
I try to have all the bullshit my bell
just kind of cheap so do broke up just
broke its Kudo you go down that's you're
nice you look like a safari I know is
exciting right
we're walking them in his bitch damn
what side what kind of underwear you
wearing what kind of animal is that
oh I'm the animal in there Guinness oh
that's nasty I'm still wearing my
spongebob girl it does game with the
Windsor shirt yes because I feel like
right now I kind of have that drug
addict drug dealer chic and then these
pajamas just make it look like I'm
always on the go that's right
cuz you want you ammo by drug-dealing
nothing you won't go you didn't move I
got a bike you know I got a bike with
the basket for the basket don't you have
a bow on it you got a little bit oh yeah
thinking maybe you're gonna need to pray
you find a week what's your name even
people that like the mama was strung out
so they named you I can I raise myself
in the wilderness I feel like whatever
your name is there should be a money
sign in it oh she it could be shit your
name is shit with the money side BAM
Haitian boy for the ass but but you know
how you say it
sure fuck this chinchilla is hacked so
right now we are trying to learn how to
dougie we're watching how-to videos on
YouTube and I ain't nothing to do this
and they'll goddamn chinchilla fur take
it off girl take it all off
okay so show me what you've learned so
far so they said something about moving
from one way to the naked and put your
hand like a steering wheel okay but I
think there's lack so I'm gonna do it my
way okay
teach me how to dougie teach me teach me
how to dougie teach me how to dougie
teach me how to dougie oh wow
everybody love you
mr. Berger is that Adam is everything I
don't know
it's my approximation fuck y'all if you
don't like it suddeniy okay
what's what's like your go to dance like
what's your dance money is always being
or it's working on a while
whoo there are some things I do
automatic well did you hear that weird
sound that sound like we felt like we
were firefighters and I was like oh the
fire ha ha there should be a pole and we
can just go down her up there's a fire
pole aah oh my god I wanted to work on a
pole oh you can some of that cone this
shift wheel off in case she had a four
grid got the here's he notice what a
black hole that I could tell because you
was stomping your foot when you said
that I'm going grass down already what
you can and I suppose potatoes blue so
we just finished filming the shanaynay
an ass Shana and we'll see what happens
I think they're seeing funny stuff in
there I think there's some very
offensive stuff in there I think this
video could possibly ruins people's
lives I hope so I mean I mean I was
outside John now what I heard was
offensive all the way outside Wow but I
think the night work here is done
you know on this planet yeah if I joined
it park then I that sounds ooh love it
there it was Kusum cuz I'm like two
hours ago
Oh Oh is so girl but in all honesty you
cried earlier when you found out that
time I did I did so it's just how I deal
with stress and grief I make jokes to
like powerful yeah you know yeah so rest
in peace Dick Clark yeah you know join
with me and Michael and tell the head
that even that's not a bad and I know
you didn't mean a bad yeah I mean it in
a good way I'm sure you're in a better
place
oh yeah better than this but uh like I
got thing rent
I got feel shit like
bullshit you I'm glad you out baby one
of us should be happy
wow you just came out of my nipple how
was it sweet I hope so
so it is the end of the day and I'm
pretty tired me and Shawna were doing
some craziness on camera and I'm gonna
try to edit it I don't know if it's
gonna actually work out we said some
crazy stuff and it's going to be really
hard to edit because we were talking
over each other the whole time but we'll
see hopefully it turns out funny and it
is time for me to edit and then go to
bed so question of the day who do you go
to for advice because that's what video
we're filming today was an advice video
like when you have a problem do you go
to your mom your dad your brother your
friend your boyfriend your girlfriend
your grandpa I don't know who's the one
person in your life that you really
trust all right you guys I'm gonna go I
love you hope you have fun hang with me
iPhone hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow see the common ton Shane's
Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
