Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late okay chocolate show
everybody how good you're walking now
yay you're not handicapped anymore but I
would love you if you were not you
Charlie I wouldn't love you no matter
what so hey guys today I'm very excited
because we are doing a Wow barbecue okay
well there's nothing going on right now
it'd be cool if I did that there was
like a bunch of people and much like
people cups partying eating hot dogs
hopefully not like this but nobody's
here yet but soon that will be happening
hopefully it'll be Shana stripping Lucas
Cruikshank might come a K Fred
aka my lover if he's in town he might
come so that'll be fun and how much
other cool people are coming so I'm
excited because this is like the first
day of summer to me I know it's not but
it kinda is well it's not but you know
what I mean
hey you don't alright Jarrod's in charge
of sodas how's that going
yea pretty shitty so far I blew up too
soon
yeah you know so far yeah so far uh yeah
you're just busting some myths you know
yeah you know khodro momentos busted
yeah oh you know Ison BBQ cleaner and
soda doesn't really work myth busted
yeah I guess who's here I'm gonna go in
the room everybody say your name and say
what your favorite food is go ami goat
cheese Joe Aztec tortilla chips
Lucas crank crochet Shane Dawson whoo I
was gonna say honey chipotle sauce
rebeccablack but I'm gonna change it
don't eat Chipotle sauce it wrong and we
have um my mom and solar outside and
they're trying to work a barbecue
because you know I prepare very well for
these things like I didn't even know if
we had a barbecue your mom is so excited
right now she's so excited and then when
she found out I only invited like five
people she got pissed she's like I got
all this food we're no you needed like
yeah everybody knows
and you'd like to be hi ha ha uh yeah I
think we be cool
honey we cool well let's go see how the
sir is doing uh how's it coming along
yeah oh god your fingers are all black I
made the little pyramid like on the bag
oh good job why are you all up in China
early I want with a hand oh girl
one more row and then we can try not to
let ourselves on fire oh no please try
cuz that'll be great for this video you
want to witness a nightmare I told you
this you do you just gotta put a little
that and lighter up alright listen I
might be Jewish but I'm not a princess
she just kind of my mom is just a mess
right
she wasn't knowing the charcoal oh I sum
it you know I'm a little excited
alright let's see oh my god hey mega so
good it's like a little bit more good
oh yeah alright I'm so excited do we not
have a lighter
I'm soda for like the army that's for
all for you right pretty much pretty
much all right we have a lighter all
right you'd better make me proud yes or
is it happening is it happening yeah
yeah
is it happening yeah yeah yeah get in
there look it's happening
there yeah owww oooh and then we close
it I can't be too close to this I'm
wearing a lot of black woman hair
product this is a explosion waiting to
happen
wow that's a lot Oh oh my god it's gonna
hit your hair I'm nervous
look who's here what's your name what's
your favorite food
what's your favorite food my name's Bree
my favorite food is pickles what's your
name what's your favorite food my my
name is steve green my favorite food is
Tabasco sauce that was good I was
expecting a joke no real come on she
already took Lucas Cruikshank for
favorite figures wait what he's not
coming at family stuff his mom will not
come there's a joke good July 5 yeah
okay so tell me what this is you told me
to bring all my four games in the game I
brought SpongeBob's burger yes wish you
got that for Christmas one time Aaron
knew me oh my god I got never played it
want to try it
I got you not awfully here now the world
edition with credit card oh my other
favorite game oh this is all happening
everybody wants to be a millionaire yes
me me I do own heart me I've figured out
today so far I'm in time in 20 minutes
but we're the same person
like everything she likes I like and I
you can joy do you like snap pea crisps
join the party what's your favorite car
clean-up on aisle three that's a wet ass
bitch writer
I love me that wet ass bitch the
Pretender
I know you said but yeah so we are all
sitting in a circle I'm wearing a
Chinese hat don't ask and we're talking
to Amy so you do for people that don't
know and they're idiots you food reviews
on YouTube you
so tell usually it's all healthy except
last night I went to Karl Strauss
Brewing Factory at City Walk good bread
pudding oh my god yes guess who's here
oh my gosh oh it bets just as normal
talking boys lost oh my god this is my
life is overwhelmed by are you Jewish
holy shit there's so many Jews here
you're Jewish - Stephen bless the grill
bedtime are you Jewish
get the fuck out of here no way you're
Jewish right I know that sounded German
and races so what's the first thing you
said when you walked in it wasn't hey I
miss you or hey whatever it was it was
that mommy's gotten super hardly fast Oh
remember when Miley was like the
tightest thing I was doing the first
meet that you got it secure she's eating
paper I loved that dog but she's huge
little head man guess who just got here
and she put hat on me she's wearing the
special Chinese man hat
yes I feel I feel very easy you do hey
how small is happiness put your agent
was there it was there I took it and
look who's here
the fucker we're sure there we go louder
louder get louder there you go there you
go
I'm feeling it I'm feeling it do a
little chair dance you'd have to get up
it's like a low wheelchair dance like a
body roll ha ha ha
dance monkey dance Sam well yeah I like
it oh my god this is good times I mean
literally the chicken I ate was the best
chicken I've ever had
no I'm dead serious I'm really brutal
when it comes to food you are eat
everything but I loved it okay so Amy is
one of my favorite people in the entire
fucking world she knows that and I
really want you guys to all be best
friends with her so give her a hug
hello hi mouth hug ooh
waiting to marry from a pug so she does
good reviews on YouTube but your channel
it's one city meeting sandcastle Inc
what's a what's a meeting I've wished
for yet great you're here for the joke I
was gonna say her channel is what's Amy
eating yo Bri how do we set booster go
yo Bri what do you want to be eighty
wait yo Bri what do you want to be eaten
oh yeah you were supposed to Amy oh this
was a Miz pussy I know that's kind of
one kind of one that's come on right now
that I want it to be true you know it's
true I know but I don't I'm ashamed
Brie's obsessed with Amy like I am I
like that Amy's like sitting on the
ground right now eating a burger like
we're talking about much we love her and
she's on the fucking ground this is how
we treat the soup only love just get on
the ground and eat no okay so so you
review food so how would you review that
burger you just say it was very moist
yes it wasn't too moist though there
wasn't juices all over the burger to
make the bun too good so it wasn't like
Britney but I will say it was delectable
it was delicious I am eating a Nissan we
did Bri and I did go out to Trader Joe's
to get gluten-free buns they're good
only thing me and Amy don't agree
continue right you sound like Miley
Cyrus last night on Twitter don't get me
started
did you see it where she was tweeting
I'm I'm not anorexic yo I just don't
like gluten kill the world I was just
like just kill me so on a scale of one
to five yeah illegal good job Steve no
response on a scale of one to five you
got a 18 on that burger and that's
coming yeah
and that's coming from somebody eating
it on the ground bucket of condoms you
know it's a partay right Kate it's your
that's all mine so right now we're
playing with all my condoms because
Britney have oh we haven't introduced
yourself say your name in your favorite
food hi I'm Valerie my favorite food
well it's foods chocolate chip cookies
and milk and almond milk so but not
separately no I mean no separately it
has to have something you're so weird
coming from the guy that has a bucket of
cotton in my room okay so Brittany
here's what I want to do this is our
little reunion so I don't see right now
ready you know that I might say no to
whatever you're asking well I'm not yet
asking no I come back
I wanted to make it read and I want you
to catch one ready make a friend
yeah clearly she's tough she's missed me
I don't know what she's laughing about
but in my face funny as hell what's
going on
okay so Shaun is acting technique which
you guys have seen before but let's have
you go out into the middle and people
who want to learn can go in and join I
want to learn you do not want to know I
really want to go yeah go out there
choice and then I'll join in then what
all Jordan is so here is active
technique that Gabrielle sitting they
actually did before she performed his
precious watching I don't know Julia
Roberts did it too before Anna
Brockovich I've heard this you'll get a
ask woman for me today Raven Symone did
it before uh what movie did she calls
road trip did you say husband yeah it
was that good it was that good okay now
show us dogs go away you don't want okay
they're good now get ready
okay okay do you want to go next
go do it okay already shot and make sure
he's doing it right all right Charlie go
away so he was trying to act okay ready
Wow Wow he's doing it Coney is in the
ground feels like literally Oh Shawna
did you teach County oh my god oh oh oh
oh wow mom got scared by that all right
mom your turn it isn't a party to apples
and apples stars we are such a church
youth group hi this is the most youth
grouping Steve is our leader where's
your guitar the nails in his hands
anybody know that no damn ha ha yo man
my Christianity's just shows let me
cover that beggar
okay so we're playing apple Sam she
liked that one yeah but but we play a
different way so basically instead of
putting down a green card which is like
a category exactly thank you thank you
the best category we make our own so
porn star names and then everybody puts
in what they think would be funny and
then one person wins so it's Steve's
turn so think of a really funny great
category better not be gone
what do you call old people having sex
yes
you succeeded so now we have to look Oh
that always kind of flower what do you
guys just cheat a little bit I'm saying
it does getting that one any funny at
all nice
all right now you better read them funny
everybody everybody fake laugh huge
laugh everybody okay okay well name
throw p16 linguini with clam sauce
that's good that's good
junkyard dogs
Oh Richard Simmons dry time travel
pretty good pretty good yeah love and
marriage Oh horse and cart oh I'm trying
to find his ease word I think this might
be the winner hospital gowns Paul
McCartney winks everybody's nervous I
got so nervous
nothing if you win nothing I'm gonna go
with let me go with time travel good Wow
nice give us a high five everybody
high-five each other whoo that was sad I
want to give you a high five no sir
because you were in the middle and
there's there we go good job I'll just
give you a shoulder pads yeah
okay hahaha
all right mom what are you doing oh I am
breaking huh the cinnamon graham
crackers I like it my mom can't like
talk and you say it at the same time
she's like I am Lisa made a good pile of
chocolate sure oh sure you did I made a
good pile of chocolate too they really
make anything I found out at least a
little pyro ooh what happened oh she's
just appointed to me I I was a little
nervous she was like squirting that fire
well let's go see this fire - Jared made
Oh God - yeah but is that
oh no I merely regretted it yo man I had
a faint of that one so we are going out
to the fire yes sorry every time I pass
a me cancel I just have to pause and
stay radder
I'm so obsessed with her it's not
healthy okay look at the fire oh my god
Oh black lady hair products mom why do
you have the Hill bilious music plane in
the world yeah this is a problem alright
I'm not you make me this more Schmidt Oh
if we melted your phone now oh wow wow
that's beautiful huh oh wait dude
Jamaican song happy Boober they can't
see me
why you already shit wait wait wait wait
there we go - shut again I feel like I'm
in jail again
Oh daddy can write Oh perfect time to me
oh shit don't you guys feel like it's
happening because it's your point of
view see put it on the thing oh all
right okay ready guys that's a Chewbacca
yeah like Jamie's dad Jack the motorboat
wait say motorboat no say motorboat
hey do it say it beeped you have to be
like motor boat motor but no no he's for
anyway oh no oh you know if he's scared
though cuz you have like just boobies
and okay he only doesn't tell my mom
it's me I think hahaha chocolate mo mo
mo mo mo mo check remember you go
oh well it's been a night you guys it's
been a but watch me play a little bit we
played my dad - boy this boy he is long
everybody say your score a boggle ready
20 to 15 20 to 5 that was gonna hold it
yeah like for all 10 rounds
ah they're so question of the day what
is your favorite board game mine is not
boggle guys I suck at it
mine is probably sorry with yours
probably old school I'll go and Scrabble
boggle forward games and then taboo for
like oh pretty low Guardians ooh Apple
samples is for games Bible Edition I
said next time alright you guys we have
fun hanging with you hope you have fun
hanging with us by the way don't start a
fire in your backyard yeah this was fun
but no I mean it was a no no girls no no
that didn't happen it happened as you
guys I love you Bonnie
ah see the common tongue chain space
football you might find yourself in
tomorrow's video like those guys and
those girls too well
but their comments now about you
