Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late you light up my life who
give me strength
I wrote that about you I'm lying I don't
know who wrote that song feel like it
was Whitney Houston probably wasn't I'm
gonna say it was Whitney Houston
rest in peace so today's gonna be a
little bit different I have a lot of
deleted scenes that you guys I think are
going to enjoy and I don't know what to
do so I thought why not just put them
all in one video or maybe two videos
depending on how many there are so today
is going to be part one of the deleted
scenes from hangar with Shane weeks
whatever these last couple weeks have
been so I will see you guys afterwards
for the question of the day have fun
haha are you guys ready for this
cuz I don't think you can handle this
this is hi I'm Tyler Oakley and I'm Asda
this is amazing could you please explain
what I'm doing so we are about to film a
video for fuck hate calm and it's all
about marriage equality and we got gay
people we got straight people we got
clothes elbows out our own category yeah
so just keep it real
I mean how excited you oh I just think I
am so excited about like like this all
of this I like and I just found out
three minutes ago that this I mean our
way is this like common knowledge what
that you're not a woman
not woman I thought you always yeah I
really did wait do like a walk just a
quick walk I mean how do you help like
where is it it's not there that's not
human yeah now do it do a mouth pop
that's like a good really quick teach me
teach you how to do that okay so what
you have to do get to stick your tongue
out okay okay okay now put it in the
back like on the roof of your mouth
yeah now do this no sucking no close
like when you suck on a lollipop and you
like I think my mouth is too wet right
yeah my mouth to dries fuck mind you
guys are playing your song Hey
ah so uncomfortable oh God come on more
yeah Oh anybody watching nope
someone comfortable oh god you guys we
got cupcake flavored popcorn your mom
hold it up you're probably thinking I'm
getting paid for talking about it nope I
just wasted my money buddy because I'm
not gonna eat it all it is y'all hold it
right now right now yeah wait we're
gonna go lies filming something what is
it if not multiple oh my god mom is so
excited my mom wants Jay Leno so bad
he's right there
if he's calling for volunteer on the
screener Davi sorry free in the face hey
that's no I'll say something stupid I
want my mom to volunteer mom is
screaming well because he doesn't know
who you are and you're screaming I don't
get it
just lean your way in there he's coming
for your mom oh my god she's meeting
honey oh my god she's touching him my
mom is so away oh my god she's having an
orgasm my mom is gonna be telling that
story for years
oh my god
don't touch anything all right so right
now we are about to listen to for the
first time I already heard it
have you heard it no first time hearing
Justin Bieber's boyfriend and we're
gonna give her an MTV Music will
premiere at the world premiere of three
two one
Boosh yeah yeah all right I feel like
you should get up and dance while it's
playing just to get into it all right
so why why would you find boosting buzz
light here oh this is my favorite
idea if she go
alright so that's a song you got the
gist of it I mean it just burpees so
your official critique out of ten Justin
Bieber is like he's great he is black
he's very much he says words like
jasmine Oscars his dad haha yeah I know
he's his dad that's true why does he
talk like like he's putting on a boy
story I like Justin Bieber like when you
have since dawn flake he talks like
Justin Timberlake used to talk yeah when
he had cornrows because he like grew up
yeah and he you know is not even after
now he's not singer machine Aguilera
talks like a black person though that's
very she's like he'll ah yo no that was
fresh she's a member of the Latin
American community and we're all like
are you just white yeah that's true
alright so out of ten - yikes I don't
like it out of ten one out of ten I'll
give it a four you can always dance to
it I tell you something I I don't think
I would unsub the kid rule ha ha ha you
know is it too soon I know it too
um I give it it six Monica said that I
just liked that part yeah right you give
it that part of six ducky Orson listen
he hit a high in that note okay you know
I'm saying watch it I can't do it can
you know how could no way I was real
close
no well Justin Bieber if you're watching
this which you're not because you're too
busy looking something like well
um I get I parties he licks Leena go
machine
she's sideways right she saw was against
his nose everything is not horrible by
one direction now Justin Bieber boo boo
who's that I don't even who's wondering
is that some London man I only want the
only direction I want is directions to
Justin Bieber's mansion so I can go over
there sobbing yeah so do you
ah so there you guys go those were the
deleted scenes hopefully you enjoyed
those question of the day what has your
favorite part of hanging with Shane been
throughout these last three months that
I've been doing them what's been your
favorite part was it Shauna twerking her
booty upside down on the wall was it my
mom being naked almost in the pool was
it Lauren being crazy and Jewish was it
me telling Lisa I loved her what was
your favorite part all right you guys I
love you I've had so much fun hanging
with you guys these last few months and
I'm gonna keep hanging with you guys for
the rest of my life get used to me I'm
not going anywhere
all right I love you guys Steve the
common tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
