train Gotham
his first single is available on iTunes
now get it before it's too late
Oh raindrops he falling on my head but
it doesn't fuck up my hair cuz I'm
wearing a beanie
fuck yeah because if I don't wear a
beanie then I'm probably gonna look like
Rihanna and not cute Rihanna
but Rihanna when she look like a llama
hey guys I love and I crack myself up
it's terrible it's so late people in
cars next to me are like see really
laughing himself well I'm laughing with
myself you're laughing at me it's
different so it is raining and I'm very
excited I love the rain I mean I love
the rain I also hate the rain because it
does fuck up my hair and kind of makes
me to press but I love the sound of it
and I love the wetness and it sounds
like I'm talking about something else
it's just like God's vagina is bleeding
all over us we're just kind of a penis I
feel like God doesn't have anything feel
like it's just a big beautiful gore
above light just like Kirstie Alley's
vagina so I'm very excited today because
I am on my way to Lauren's house and we
tonight I'm so excited we are going to
meet John Cusack he is one of my
favorite actors of all time and I'm very
nervous we're going to like this
screaming of his movie The Raven and
he's gonna be there and I don't know how
me along got in I mean listen I made we
kind of sneaked away and like oh oh yeah
we know that person and we know that
person yeah yeah we're friends we're
cool well homies what tight um so we got
in I'm very excited and hopefully I
could sit next to him so I can
accidentally like you know put my hand
in this popcorn and be like oh sorry
John oh you know me haha the rain does
this to me help me get kicked out
that'll be awesome
so of course Lauren is not letting me go
dress like this so we are going to the
mall and she's gonna force me to wear
I'm guessing some type of a blazer
t-shirt Seacrest situation with dress
shoes which are terrifying so let's see
hopefully she doesn't make me look too
gay
I mean it's pretty easy here we go again
America's waiting the hell is she doing
in there oh my god we matching I'm in
totes both of their fake clubs and both
in there mary-kate and Ashley Rainbird
oh wow you look like you combed your
hair today
this places them yes oh my god hoarders
jeez I didn't know you did crack cuz
this is a dead baby mm-hmm so uh-oh
somebody doesn't get a home anymore
rattling I mean somebody has what is
that oh no is this are we not allowed to
talk about what's happening in your
apartment I'll give you guys a hint
she's having a baby
what is this it's a broken mirror
collision I got seven years about luck
culminating of you oh my god seven more
booze all right we're on a mission we
are in the worst place in the fucking
world
the Beverly Center oh he prefers like
Burbank malls it's so much better than
Ally this place sucks you never see
celebrities here it's I'm sure only
Shane Dawson goes here yes
I'm the farthest from a celebrity I'm
down there with who might down there way
I don't because anybody got like a KTLA
newscaster oh yeah a bad VJ on like some
shitty radio station I love it yes just
gay enough without being too gay come on
you know that looks good
oh yeah that's good yeah but we found
the perfect blazer very excited it's
just a hint of ellen degeneres image of
Ryan Seacrest hints of the situation
Rico's on the red carpet should I wear
no shirt hundred see on the back you
know response yes oh my god
we just ran through this entire mall try
and find a store my job is easy
your job is anything but easy your job
is terrible actually you're gonna get
gray hair you know presidents like aged
25 years in one year so true you've
already aged 15 years in Grima I'm 17
hahaha yes oh my God we're on our way
and look Lauren Zac Efron it's your baby
wait so what did you say about that
poster before I try to come home so what
do you think he's gay uh and he's gay I
know I can see it damn I don't know I I
used to make fun of him and say he was
gay but like you know I can't really say
that I'm you everybody things like
gentle come on calling what um no but
what but I don't know like I feel like
in that trailer
he's pretty manly he's got a manly way
he's also by the way he's also like five
chairs oh really yeah
he has a bubble but he's like a short
plump little fast black bubble but if
you sided five seven he's happy he's not
I'm just I mean listen we're both way
too dull I really am we're both like
giraffes in a wilderness I'm like it's
gum I look like a man hahahaha I mean
listen I wasn't gonna say Howard Stern I
wasn't gonna say you forced me to say
anything
we're all thinking it oh my God we're
here this is the Soho House this is
where Paris Hilton comes in explode jeez
I'm sweating I'm nervous oh my god the
walls are padded cuz I'm going insane
I'm scared what do we do what if junk
you sex Danny right there he's done with
like a radio over his head my god
I'm coming I'm sorry I haven't seen that
I haven't no way
okay I can't turn my flashlight on in
here because it's too obvious
yeah but John Cusack was walking
Michonne is right there right behind us
okay we probably really like I'm some by
the way it's not saying anything right -
Elodie Grosse Pointe Lake he won't those
millions of others don't you know this
is what I'm like I'm gonna thank you oh
my god okay you're wearing a brooch
you're not allowed to cry
roaches don't cry okay speaking of
amazing
there's a fucking of candy here like a
treasure chest cam holy shit oh my god
I'm gonna get started back tonight
okay you guys so we are just leaving the
screaming okay so before we start uh
John Cusack and me here's a picture BAM
okay
freida masturbate over it hopefully um
so I met John Cusack and me and him were
best friends now and he said hey let's
follow each other on Twitter and have a
conversation Lauren on the other I'm so
jumping in on that by the way if you
don't make him follow me absolutely
never speak to you oh wait before we get
into law which Prime engineer the kitten
don't worry about it
we've kidnapped tell everybody who you
are you know he was the valet and we
were like you could show with us run our
way to another point um no totally
ruined my junk you second I it wasn't
going so well that's going really well
you guys were like high school so we
were like it was going so it was like it
was a Marmee I was comfy we were joking
so jokey he's like I know I'm like it
was like Monica and Chandler totally
because I'm through sometimes Monica
rustling new they're brother and sister
kinda Monica and Chandler right totally
that's the right one anyway it's going
so well and then I of course feels so
comfortable that I decide to tell him
that like ten years ago at a restaurant
anybody who seems say anything knows
that the whole plot starts where he's at
the mall with her and has lunch with her
but she doesn't know it was a secret
week anyway we're at a restaurant ten
years ago and the same thing happened
and I was like so remember there was
this time and he's like um did I know
about this I'm like I don't know I was
just talking you and he was like yes it
was really nice to meet you and then
walked away and not right before he got
away did I freak you out and he was like
no no no not at all right nope but no
listen to your tiered um what's it
called rattled accredits defense I said
right before he walked away I said
Lauren you're making everybody
uncomfortable and then he nudged you
joking lien was like I'm fine no that
happened I don't know I mean it was like
literally I mean the only thing could
have gone better if it's like tongue was
down my mouth but like other than that
like it went really like it was real I
said you know he's getting a like
temperature novella Pepsi's no honestly
you guys just being honest like junk you
say it's the nicest guy is super fucking
that oh cool
should should be an asshole cuz he's
super famous he was so nervous cuz it
was like his movies like I'm not gonna
sit again I'm like stay to the end it'll
be fine I'll tell you like be like if
you're talking about him like you guys
are fucking my best all right
but like Johnny was nervous you know
Jimmy
no he was very very nice so john cusack
if you're watching this you're not but
if you're watching this you're very very
nice and if I ever get a chance to work
with you which won't happen I can't wait
it'll there's more chance of him putting
his tongue down your throat caution
caution caution caution caution
he's knockouts up we're at the
blackboxtv you guys know Tony via one of
my friends his channel blackboxtv and
they're having a party for the new
release of their new videos and I'm so
excited you know I mean I'm more excited
cuz me and Steven wearing matching bags
I mean my blazer buzzer and you guys are
wearing matching leather jackets a mouse
real cute
nice do a spin
no beautiful beautiful oh don't try to
walk pass I'm sneaky honest yeah look
who's here looking dapper as fuck the
guy who pushed the video asshole
push you from aha bunted wait I'm
God so cool oh my god what is he oh my
god he looks delicious peanut butter and
chocolate I love when I can weird out a
zombie that's a real tone
hey guys news is here what am I gonna
get and not to overshadow but a little
Canadian miss I'm gonna cry holy fucking
shit
we have her holy shit
Apple I love you
my favorite song is girlfriend
we're friends we're friends guys go
Avril and don't let God
I'm not touching you eating at
candlelight oh it's so beautiful
so bright oh listen okay these people
want to see what's going on I mean they
don't they don't I don't care they've
already clicked off my my french toast
you didn't tell you flames does this
ain't in place and then you find it oh
my god we all had such interesting
conversation with each other know all
about interesting things in our life we
were mainly just shit ah Sh nobody talks
any starett of each other
whould we option about we were just at a
party full of youtubers question of the
day which is the question of the day be
Lauren Pinkett use your turn your chance
well yours yours like what's your
favorite Broadway show okay what's your
favorite ice cream flavor I feel like I
know you know what I haven't done that
you should use to leave up Blazers okay
like I guess that price like guess how
much this blazer was want you to spend
on a blazer did you see my god Lauren
tried to get me to buy like a 500 blazer
and I was like this is they look good
$450 too much where's target look good
I looked bad in that like it will cease
matter like you regret spending on it
yes okay ready
what is the most you invest fan piece of
clothing if it's over $20 I would rent
out all right you guys I had fun hang
with you hopefully at vine hang with us
and I'll see you tomorrow
see the comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well let their comments now about you
