train Gotham
this first single is available on iTunes
mouse get it before it's too late
ah guess where I am right now I'm doing
ADR which means I have to talk and match
my own lips like a deaf person with
totally sketch for his movies smiley and
he can't hear anything I'm saying can
you hear me you can't hear anything I'm
saying Oh a little bit you're a fucking
asshole you're a fucking piece of shit
asshole I hope you fucking die you piece
of shit you look like ass today like
total ass today not ass I want to fuck
ass I want to just smear shit all over
you great right great you're a bitch
you're a little fucking bitch so this is
fun so I I feel like you're at all of it
so the best part of this is Shawna was
actually an extra in this movie so like
every time she passes in the background
of the frame I start laughing and like
it's a serious movie so you know me
laughing is not the best you know thing
to do although I can't help it when you
guys see this movie I mean Shawna is
prominent she is just she is the star of
the background you know I'm saying like
oh now he can hear me now she is you
know huh she's the Simon Cowell of this
American Idol you know like the only
person people care about I'm definitely
the Chris Allen who exactly
I wanna imagine I don't lose the one
watching well I wrote a spray on a
freeway really fucking louder people
look at me I don't give a shit because
hey guys I'm gonna pass out
um God Kelly how do you sing so loud all
the time how do you do it so I'm on my
way home from doing the ADR that I was
showing you guys for the movie smiley
and that was so much fun because I love
totally sketch and I'm so excited for
him this is his first movie and I'm so
glad that he let me be in it and I'm
just really excited for you guys to see
it I think you're gonna love it
it's scary baby whoo there's lots of
screams lots of standings
lots of Internet just lots of everything
that I do daily you know what I mean
stab people go on the internet talk
about it it's great so the rest of the
day I have coop sorry I have to
interrupt myself man
you got the honeybee amazing got
interested you know just party
contrary to popular belief I don't know
the words to any music I don't ever
listen to the radio
I only listen to the radio when I'm
talking to you guys because I feel like
it's fun but usually I'm just in the car
in silence
crying touching myself and then cry more
so for the rest of the day I'm going to
be writing for my main channel video and
then I think me and Lisa are gonna get
some dinner and then I think I'm gonna
come home and see my animals because my
animals are sick right now chocolate was
swimming all day yesterday so he can't
even walk
Charlie has been vomiting up a storm and
I mean Miley is just Miley so I'll
probably spend the rest of the night
with them so it's gonna be an eventful
hanging with Shane people hold on to
chance
rest in peace chocolate rest in peace I
mean he is just literally Lindsay Lohan
after Saturday Night Live
exhausted check him into rehab okay so
we have nurse Theresa here to explain
what's going on with chocolate well he
yesterday he had a really good time
swimming and running around the pool and
everything like that but then when I
woke up this morning he usually runs
into my room and he didn't and when I
found them he couldn't move his back end
yeah and then after a little bit of
moving around then he just couldn't move
his he couldn't it was right ledge he
turned into a gay man okay anyway so got
into the bed
yeah chocolates been won't leave aside
and so I was Charlie by the way oh yeah
charlie and so they they ran x-rays and
they had a specialist look at it and he
has what's called like loose ligaments
and something may have dislocated but if
he doesn't bear weight on it
then they'll have to put him not put him
to sleep but puts to date them so they
can x-ray it better without putting in a
lot that was a very very very long
explanation so yeah you're good
so what do we do I mean fuck you know me
Shane I I mean what do we do I don't
know I mean I don't in a fast way what's
wrong he's sick right okay hey jakey I
did have to see him walk honey he he
he's like a three-legged dog man well
show how he's asleep
I mean wake up wake up wake up wake up
shake them around a little bit do a dina
Lohan shake one day decide who's
supposed to sleep as much as you can
I've been fine well then then you do it
walk like chocolate how would does he do
it do it and so it's just up slowly
trying to walk oh well I guess you guys
will never know ya know we hope
chocolate gets better get that air
chocolate so they have to put him on
special she's definitely dead for a
premature arthritis he's like a year old
Shane and he'll have the body of like an
old man
Oh God yeah so they're you perfect maybe
he'll be single for you what did Charlie
trying to fit into his god
that is so embarrassing that's a cat bed
you don't that's it
oh no don't cook up your food oh you're
really fat you were so fat Real
Housewives the North Hollywood I should
do that there's just one oh my gosh we
are here to tell everybody where we are
we're at the brie salon in Studio City
I took your mom to get her hair colored
yeah show everybody do a little turn
whoo slow in the Sun it really
accentuates the red hair highlights
share everybody yours oh oh oh
yeah here's mine I went to the salon of
24 hours my furnace
lots of sweat it's beautiful really
brings out the show mutts under there
no it's pretty bad right now I like your
hair curly I really do yeah it reminds
me of when he was young just when I was
yeah when I look like a fat fucking
lesbian when I was young maybe I'm into
that dirty crook hey listen so now we
are here and what else what is happening
today so today what are you doing well I
have to go home now and take care of
chocolate because he's purple you know
okay what are you doing I have to go
teach a bunch of kids cuz they're
crippled oh I'll be so cool if you're a
crippled teacher and I have to go home
oh and see Lauren oh oh it's gonna be
horrible I haven't seen her in like a
week it's been so great I love her
you're just saying that cuz you're
Jewish and she's Jewish you guys stick
together she was so happy that you went
to Passover right
oh god I'm sure she's gonna grill me on
it and ask me all these questions at
schooi she would get you up to date do
you remember all your Passover okay um
why did you read out of the Jew book
what is it for it's done the huh guitar
how gotta a Gaga the Lady gaga I read
under - you Gaga I'm so Jewish alright
back home just gonna sit down relax jerk
off oh no I thought you were supposed to
be back never
ah Oh what do you what's happening with
your mouth
Wow how do you look like a Whoville
person I don't know my god that's scary
what is that what are you doing did you
get collagen where'd you go
you look oddly familiar think it's sexy
Dave oh you know I'm yeah yeah oh so
you're so you're back are you excited
I never went anywhere Shane I was right
here the whole time Passover
you know I saw I saw one of the house
was oh god don't tell my mom she's huge
lips I thought it was Brandi Granville
Granville doesn't hurt I don't watch it
but I was in like the Atlanta Airport
and literally these people were talking
her and be like oh my god I can't I
don't look good or you die can you stop
moving
thank you so much listen when you get
off a plane I'm not gonna lie to young
bill you look like shit I mean didn't
you did you just get off a plane I did
okay well yeah like shit kidding you
look beautiful ah so Lauren is very
excited because we are we're talking
about going on tour right with our one
song one song world tour super LA 2012 -
it's gonna be me going on stage being
like hey guys thanks for coming out I'm
gonna lip-sync super low you'll be
dancing with Shana financing I mean
moving slowly
you mean shvitzing and then the song
will be over see you next song yikes
good lord
can't you not wait okay I want to be a
pop star Lauren if I'm a pop star will
you be like my my backup dancers yes
that's all I've ever wanted I was gonna
say secretary but okay no back you did
like walk my chihuahua perfect if I can
do backup dancer okay
Lauren did you notice how this food over
here
come on you know you want some of it I
brought you a fucking super love costume
over there and those nasty pink boots
what Oh God Oh yikes
you should put it on the harpes so much
disease muffin say goodbye to Lauren say
you love her keep making all your
animals stop breaking this one I know
poor chocolate what it so what did you
do did you hurt oh you'll find out when
you watch the vlog Oh bye-bye
can you watch one of my vlogs once in
100 I live though watch that's how I
feel right muffins oh you're so cute oh
my god did I just say that I just
compliment somebody even that was an
animal I don't do that you look pretty
today Lauren oh my god no no there's
nothing wrong with me something wrong
with me Lord goodbye
goooood baa hi goodbye to you brownie
points anybody who knows what that is
alright you guys it is the end of the
night and I am tired so I'm gonna go to
bed but question of the day should be
mmm why should it be what do we do today
huh ooh I got one
this one's really simple and stupid but
what's your favorite kind of animal
because I always show you guys my
animals my cat's my dogs my mom so leave
a comment what is your favorite kind of
animal I hope you guys had fun hanging
with me I have fun hanging with you and
I'm gonna hang out with yo ass later bye
leave a comment
han-shan space football you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls do well to let
their comments now about you
