I heard something in the Attic I
literally like I woke up in the middle
the night like 3:00 in the morning and I
was like okay I was just at Coachella
somebody probably saw that I was gone
someone's probably sleeping in the Attic
they're probably not harmful I'll just
deal with in the morning but I'll only
know this sounds worser look at a drug
did you do at Coachella to make you
think that that was a good idea hey guys
yes I am back here it again with the
hacks bitch and I am ready with this
summer to be my last summer I'm ready to
do some dangerous shit and hopefully
drown now I have another hacks video in
a while mainly because I was like you
know what I've done all that but then I
was laying out on the beach and the sand
getting his hand
did I say be sorry I'm in my couch did I
say tan so I have met cheeto fingers and
I was thinking about all these ideas for
summer and I was like bitch I think I
can change your life so today we are
going to be hacking up your summer
the first we're gonna view one that I
literally used to do when I was a kid
now we didn't have air conditioning and
we didn't have a fan but like my mom
reads a lot when she talks though some
of that was evening but I came up with
this ideas I thought was fucking genius
I would take one of my favorite shirts
and then I would dunk in water and then
I would put in the freezer overnight and
when I won't go I could put on a frozen
shirt and it would pull me down it's
similar to like what they do at SeaWorld
and then like spray a whale with a cold
hose it's the same thing okay so I put a
shirt in the freezer overnight oh my
gosh and now we're going to try it
hold on oh my gosh guys what is this
bitch what bitch
my shark is shot it's not even shook a
bitch this shirt is well present first
of all my shirt is more flexible than I
am also I don't know how this happened
like bitch what is this
that's my laptop case I don't even know
how much the design does it move okay me
trying to stand up straight oh my sighs
God
oh yeah that's going to be comfortable
oh my god this is literally not going to
work Oh
Baloo it's so cold can we go oh my gosh
all right I'm gonna try to do this I am
so scared okay here we go
your eyes let's just ignore all of this
you're probably wondering Shane what are
all those bumps on your arm
those are pimples what do you hear on
your shoulders cuz I'm your dad
all right here we go oh my god oh oh oh
my god ha ha oh my god oh my god how did
we do this when I was a kid I guess I
have more layers okay here we go oh so
cool Oh
so much better than education oh my god
oh my god okay here we go oh my god is
the coldest I've ever been what we good
Oh living my fantasy whoo it's like I'm
jacking your rose and you're like oh
yeah gonna send you off into the water I
got a standard fill video to watch oh my
god
okay I gotta take this off oh my god ha
ha ha you know what's wrong with it I'm
losing my hearing I'm so cold my senses
are shutting down
bitch if you take a leak aced my luck
it's over listen this actually is kind
of a good idea if you are really hot and
dumb but like it is a good idea
I don't want to do it so I'm going to
take this off all right do it fast
1 2 3 when you realize you can freestyle
oh my god oh ha that was awful my
nipples are so hard can you see that
alright so this next one is something I
just cooked up and I don't think anybody
does it but they should do you know when
you're trying to get sunscreen on your
back yes you're trying to do it you're
franco's it and then you think nevermind
I'll do it
so this fixes all of that basically we
are going to put sunscreen inside of a
pool noodle and then you're going to
blow it at your friend's back this
friendship is about being too disgusted
to touch each other
okay wait before we do the sunscreen
thing I just want to show you guys that
you know can jump in the pool now okay
yeah yeah oh my god you're out there any
snorting like a pig me okay so obviously
I'm not gonna do this because I need
them so I shut my handy assist in here
you ready to get hat yes Wow okay so
basically you take one end of the noodle
and you fill it up with lotion this is
my good smelling some string and then
you face it where you want it but do you
want your front rear back oh my gosh
alright what is it - this is like the
scariest like assassination video six
one two - cool oh wait wait I haven't
got a lot oh fuck weighted low left okay
wait come back at the leather it in let
me leather it in love perfect
I'm hurry okay this hack I'm really
excited about because I've seen this
like on some vlog before but basically
we are going to take a watermelon now
we're going to take a power drill and
we're going to make custom Z now I know
what you're thinking Shane wouldn't it
just be easier to go to Jamba Juice and
get one and the answer is fuck no Jamba
Juice up Jamba Juice how do I start this
ramp okay
I'll start with menu on bitch chocolate
mood is not a fruit
it's my mood also your entire store
smells like somebody ate / - banana
candies and started like it smells like
all the minions were fucking sucking
each other's minion dicks and then they
all started burning and why the fuck is
your store so cold which is like your
employees are wearing on my ice shirt
they're like welcome to Jamba Juice can
I get you this validity bitch no what
can I get you a doctor because I think
you're getting problem right and don't
get me started on your bathrooms people
who live on smoothies make salubrious
like nature in that toilet into their
java cup and it's fucking gross anyways
smoothie time okay so I guess we just
shove it in here and turn it on and then
dump it into a cup Jamba I'm coming for
you all right here we go one two three
boom I'm in here we go
oh my god is it working
wait we need to get deeper I was going
to do the rest with my hand wow this is
satisfying it's literally as if I just
dab somebody in the eyes started mixing
up their brain why do people think I'm a
serial killer
alright ok now let's get our cup
breakfast is served
oh my god wait it's actually kind of
working guys I can very excited I like
to give this movie a truck oh good
that is so good oh that is good I think
I just created something no I didn't
literally watermelon juice is already a
thing but getting watermelon juice with
a fucking power drill and just drawing
your entire watermelon for that much
juice that's a new thing
alright so next we're doing a pool
floatie hat now my favorite pool
floaties are the ones that are shaped
like food they have Donuts they espied
to them ice cream they even have shit
now I know what you're thinking Shane
that's not food well you don't know me
but what if we made a floaty out of real
food
what if we took fortune fucking bad
legit and take them all together and put
them in the pool you know what I call
that a waste of food no so here's the
plan my plan is to not open that but so
that I can take them out of the pool and
eat them later and 40 bags of chips
should last me 40 minutes so it won't
work early all right let's go make a
blowy okay guys we made the biggest
ships for peaceful life ever
there you go this is 40 bags of
party-size chips bitches my kinda party
just me alone 40 bag of chips so the
goal is to put that in the pool and then
to write on it do you think this is
gonna work I mean I hope so I have faith
all right here we go
god I think this might work okay ready
all right one two three oh my god oh my
god oh my god under who actually this is
trying to everything oh I love that
you're just me and my girl legs just to
the cheeto
my girls are rito we have a party it's
real loud that's not that relaxing the
watch Department no that's a disc oh my
god he could get I'll drown myself
Oh y'all want you know don't worry I got
that I love swimming with all my clothes
on surrounded by food thanks summer okay
so the next pack is something that I
also did when I was a kid and it's that
so I always wanted a pool but I never
had one so I got the idea one day to
take my trash can and fill it with water
and then get in it now let me just say
when I did this hat when I was a kid I
got stuck I got stuck and the only way
to get me out was for a mama to tip me
over so I'm about to relive dark shit
let's do it
welcome to my pool it's gonna be fire um
so basically what I'm going to do is
fill this pool with the hose and have
myself party I'm gonna get a disease oh
my god
careful I'm literally gonna be Samara
from the ring instead of seven days it's
seven bags of Taco Bell from last night
that's shit that's actual human shit be
any come in here with me oh you're
serving for Allah no fuck wait does that
mean it's not gonna work oh my god
that's it summers off here all right oh
my god I'm scared I'm actually scared
okay all right okay okay
you okay oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god here we go
okay Oh refreshing
oh my god oh can you the gasps oh my god
oh my god this is nice get my sunglasses
okay
can't forget my fun noodle it is book
holders I sever this in my life oh my
god nothing more fun than a little pool
toys trash water just like my mop
all right here we go come on even the
fish are like busy give it if I gotta
fill it no oh lucky
Oh hold on I need some sunscreen you
want to get sunburned don't want to look
stupid
oh yeah nice let's play Marco Polo Marco
oh oh you won this is literally the
grossest thing ever oh my god heels or
something crawling it's at a rack okay I
think I'm done how do we get out oh oh
and that summer our neighbors hate us
okay so the last on my Mac is filled
with my favorite messages involves
always friends we are going to be taking
our favorite youtuber books and taping
them to our feed using them like shoes
no no you're thinking Shane can't you
just buy summer flip-flops now what I
say to that is how would you ever want
to put your split side of Lilly Singh if
the answer is yes and this is the hack
for you look at Phil he knows the flips
coming but he was so nervous but he's
off the luck I don't know I mean I've
never had it for only before Maddie I
like it and games like oh you like it
I love the nice put on my face oh my god
on the back then waiting for the put on
me what am i doing okay we're going to
do this first of all let's not talk
about my feet I know they're fucking
gross but I think I'm gonna have Dan and
Phil be honest the left okay why does my
foot look so gross he'll also let's just
see how dirty they are oh my god how is
that possible I don't leave my house ooh
sorry boys all right hey listed here
right hang it up oh my god bitch
honestly you can't see me right now the
bitch I am posing for my book this is
everything oh I love this
oh yes bitch get the pose let the haters
do you walk away oh when you walk away
from the haters Dan and Phil are not
bothered this is great okay next one
come on lil okay it's our girl oh my god
this one is good I definitely have to
wait to it like no Champagnat bill this
is cute - OH
Muhsin
running into VidCon like can you imagine
if somebody came to there being greet
with these shoes that person will be
escorted out I love this yeah bitch yes
I know in all seriousness guys go buy
these books teeth on her neck let's go
those are all of my fun useless pimping
summer hacks
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and if you want me to
do more hack videos also please
subscribe to my channel it's a
notification barrel because I make new
videos April J and if you want to see my
other hack videos I have literally done
a thousand L but it'll keep do a play
with it for his top description below
all right you little summer hackers I
will see you at the beach fully clothed
and probably you two tomorrow
Oh
