train Gotham
his first single is available on iTunes
Mouse get it before it's too late
summertime and the levy on your version
hey what's up guys it is summer it's not
it's spring but it feels like summer to
me cuz right now I am in the zone I'm
writing another original song and I want
it to be a fun summer song like a row
down your windows fucking hair blowing
in the wind party in the usa' type of
song I want the music they didn't have
mermaids in it you know what I'm saying
just seashells just seashell tits so I'm
getting in the summer zone right now and
starting the summer zone means I have
not taken a shower in four days just
like I would during summer so just I
mean look at this just that's that's
breast all over my lips perfect so right
now I'm going to the gym and then after
the gym I think Kate and Shawna are
going to come over and we're going to
maybe go to dinner and then maybe see
Titanic drag my mom along because she
needs a good cry and come on what do you
do in person come on I'm trying to drive
and vlog and I'm driving better than you
said oh I don't care that you have kids
and you're trying to see them while
you're driving I'm trying to vlog that's
more important anyways
got people near priorities right so
let's go to the gym so I can get out of
there go eat and watch Titanic yeah
Byrne and his team oh yeah yeah
do you hear a black voice cuz I do yeah
yeah that's right young black who's
gonna swing at me and there it is you
are here in the car very excited I
finally took a shower after five days
are you guys happy about that
Hey clean my calls a little bit trim the
peas and we are in the car germs drivin
what like a really shitty tram ride a
universal nitro we're all like
recovering heroin addicts like I took a
shower today yeah we're hanging out with
black people I'm laughing yay so we're
here we're very excited cuz we're gonna
go eat and then we're also gonna see
Titanic which we've all seen know it's a
time we're gonna eat they're not gonna
like so I'm just showing everybody what
I would have to eat for dinner
wait can you lay it back down a little
bit and dinner is served
it's gonna fork and a knife jerricans
just cut into that ha ha cut off a piece
for me
yeah alright good well again if you yo
for you some ran Charlie in the wipeout
oh my god the White House anyways we are
sitting in restaurant and I'm starving
are you guys hungry
yeah quick scan around no buddy
nice so I am so hungry I'm delusional
like I am so starving
I'm seeing things like Shana to me I
having a hallucination
you know like I see Beyonce in front of
me but in real life when I'm not
hallucinating better than Beyonce girl I
mean I take that back
yes we are in Las Vegas everyone know
we're at the fucking City Walk again I'm
just trying to make this more
interesting so my mom is ready to find a
man tonight mom show them your cleavage
oh damn Oh Janice shut show them York I
mean listen I mean I - you win throw him
you gotta love work Jarrett show them
your cleavage damn
just show they ran I'm a conservative
woman Oh God can't show your sleeve it
come on to a lady she sure will hang out
with ladies okay shine forever I wish
you peace love and we just did the most
pop yeah Justin kept mrs. shuttlepod
grandma he's a stripper yeah that was
kind of an effort mouthing yeah I'll be
glad for himself
yeah change what happens when white
people saying around Shauna wouldn't
wanna be anybody else
No
come on
I love you my name
right now go get her get her get her go
go go yeah oh here we go
give it give it down that's my girl
right there
Charlie
we're filming and said the movie theater
this is really illegal right now it's so
illegal we're so illegal right now had
no camera in every theater well phone no
camera my jail offers a race I thought
you guys like to use you were making a
sex tape in a movie theater that's a
whole I feel it was a camera and a movie
theater why you gonna judge me I'm
telling right in my opinion no I don't
like when people say you'll never make
it to the movies Ally I was in a movie
okay that was bad that was some crazy
shit that was some in section yeah well
that was that was hard
po po po po that was po po they found us
they found you they found you I can't
wait caught up just hanging up now okay
then you will tell us sure had to turn
on their fast you know right yeah Wendy
right speaking of which um I learned how
to say shit finally the way Shauna says
it I ready for this ready sure never but
I was so good you tried your shoe no no
you went high I got to go low lot sure
you gotta go where pain lives it okay
all the pain Oh si you know they say
your man beat you and your lip bleeding
so that's better
that was better he does he does Chucky
shove you know what you want to write
the rest all right can't enjoy shoes I
can't do it you ain't never been that
was like you had Down syndrome and you
lost your insulin and Wow just slowly
shutting down you was like sure no
offense to people who were down or on
insulin is half my family being downs
and half my family be honest with you
have yours be on insulin right you know
cuz all black people have diabetes
it's can you sweet sure you know you
know America has gone down when you look
at Shauna oh yeah but the real example
is when you look at this taco Dorito
taco like that's America going down the
damn tubes and I bought one no way
i'ma help you with are you afraid
so here's the thing I used to love talk
about I didn't talk about like five
years I used to love it back when I was
super super fat and Taco Bell is
terrible for you none of you guys should
buy it unless they want to pay me
because then you know talk about the
right Thank You booth no uh talk about
is great it's terrible for you but they
have this new Dorito taco and I really
want to try it cuz it's so weird and I
mean I'm nervous so it's been a while
since I've eaten this shit haha this one
look a little uh the box it's in looks a
little like hobo made a shit I made out
of cartridge paper lie okay ready
there's no facebook and Tweety button on
the side okay okay I know you ain't a
camera woman yeah but I'm get your face
that's what I get that's what say you
guys right here you are you in the
picture any visit blurry Nam sure okay
is this bird yeah see how you don't
chose me let me listen I meant a black
midget yesterday that's true he lied to
me so I don't believe anybody no black a
black it's fine okay okay ready
the verdict I wish I can do special
effects because that would make me go
miles up honestly it doesn't taste any
different than a normal tire go whatever
it has that really nasty like aftertaste
that a Dorito leaves you which is
usually not nasty but it's nasty when
you put refried beans some old ass you
drop that shit on Molly
look at my tamale ladies say taco bell
meat is just above dog food so there you
go
well then good thing I got this big-ass
Oh
that's the sound my titty make when I
hit the table okay ma'am damn that
happened that happened right there so
question of the day what is your
favorite guilty pleasure food mine is
Mexican food what's yours right now just
goddamn Taco Bell chalupa and this all
ain't sexy
okay they got two x's on because that
just makes a sad one exhale no that's a
2 XL burrito bitch oh that's why I left
most of y'all don't be judging me I
think they already yeah it was like like
yeah what's your favorite guilty food
you know the nachos with like the cheese
sauce on it and jalapenos from where no
there's no specific place damn I mean
girl like you would trash eater huh like
you eat shit out the trash ha like you
throw a cake away and you're like I'm
done with that you pour water on it and
then two hours later you're in the
middle of the night you're like okay you
know like that water like that it might
be good right I will pick at it cuz
that's trash once again people this is
not an ad for Taco Bell because this
right here is not selling it
you start eating Taco Bell you turn into
a crazy ass language all right you guys
hope you had fun hang with us we had fun
in with you bye ah Steve common tongue
Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now about
you
