Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late
it's beginning to look a lot like Easter
and kind of a Gay Pride Festival
we have balloons everywhere but my mom
put him up last night so now they're
sagging and they look pathetic but hey
they're cute
it's Easter hey guys Oh God there was
such a good joke in there about balls or
boobs I saw I said sagging oh well I
missed it anyways it is Easter and I'm
very excited that's a lot of food
fetching go back down go back down
fetching like so I'm very excited
because we are going to have an Easter
egg hunt we are going to what or else
we're gonna do have the gayest a
colouring event in the world
somebody's gonna be drunk wearing these
most likely me and it's my cousin
Connors birthday so we got him a cake
and I feel like that's not how you spell
his name
I really should know that okay you guys
so this is the point of the video where
I'm supposed to be like hey everybody's
here it's Easter Jenny we're all excited
but fuck that because more important
things going on right now Jarrett just
called me from the restaurant that we're
all meeting at and Miley fucking Cyrus
is there with Liam and all of her
friends and I'm freaking out
daddy's not gonna go up to her so we're
just gonna stare at her offer babe no
here's the thing
I love Miley Cyrus I make fun of her
every chance I get because she's my only
fucking Cyrus but I think she probably
knows me and she probably hates me but I
don't know granted maybe she does it
maybe she's never seen my videos before
although a lot of my videos say really
terrible things about her so Miley uh I
love you and I'm scared what if her
boyfriend comes up and tries to beat me
up he's gay though right
see here I go again talking bad no I
love you maile in your gay boyfriend in
your boyfriend is not gay what's his
name I don't even know his name what's
happening I'm scared what are we gonna
do okay I think that you got to go up to
her no Lucy Lucy will go up okay
sure what do you want me
you have to go up and be like holy shit
oh and you happen to know yeah oh that
is not gonna happen
you're gonna go up to her with your mom
your mom and say can we get a picture
but you're actually going to be
recording video and you're gonna while
you're recording video be like I love
you you and Shane Dawson are my favorite
people ever that is so obvious no okay
throw in a mitchel Musso i mean throwing
the random names but throwing Shane
Dawson's I'm wearing it and then she's
just gonna come and sit down with you
yeah
fuck oh this plan has holes yes super
love on the breast of a 12 year old
perfect way to start my Easter so we are
here at the restaurant and show off your
soup show your superlove shirts and then
what else outfit a full outfit the tutu
but show the nails yes super love nails
bitches now listen
we're all sitting in the corner right
now Gary I've had and she's so great
very ready yeah shutting up the chip our
biosphere I feel ashamed I think that's
a good thing but she hates me
I mean her we're gonna get married one
day
right thing but no you're gonna have
Liam there be
I scary scary okay how do I like
sneakily gone yeah my mom obviously the
stock she's she's dripping she no no no
no no no no I would never
Tippett the face you know she knows the
business
I'm leaving for sure oh my god I'll kill
you I will murder you middle this
restaurant
there she was you guys there she was
she's eating what I eat she's been her
best friend
oh it's really trying to jump right in
for me I wish my he's hearing me morning
away all right we're sitting down
Kylie's gone and I'm alive that was the
scariest moment of my life everybody's
making fun of me but listen like what
did she put a try to kill me she didn't
she honestly she tried to punch me face
and half the letter because I said to
that stuff about her and I feel really
bad she's in Delhi night and posh she
what seemed really nice she did see
really what are you drinking I'm not
gonna say what it looks like you guys
are drinking but happy Easter all right
it's time look at that beautiful cake
make sure she sees me of you Connor
ah
Oh crazy buddy okay how old is he 14 Oh
dog you're gonna be the star of this
video by the way she's my new photo she
where the restaurant I said I think
Miley Cyrus hates me
and then cuz I make fun of her so much
and then you said what did you say I
don't know
she said why not it's hilarious
hilarious okay alright okay now I have
to smile yeah you have to smile I can
show some cleavage look look honey this
is the best there's nothing more going
on that's what I say ah ah look yeah we
don't have candles blow it out blow it
out blow it out very cool
birthday all right Chuck this is your
time now yeah he always says that he
feels like he comes across really boring
in these videos I don't think you do
I think you come up suave and cool
that's why I'm used to as I say
something funny just dance
yeah bring it back bringing up a loose
circular circular get it get it don't
stop don't stop all right you can stop
you suck
that's good do you say no don't know
what I doing Josh how do you feel about
meeting Miley Cyrus today it didn't
Syria really tell me why you gotta stay
outside one tell us why you said you
can't go inside when Miley was there for
her because I look like a beauty stock
you know you do kind of look like one of
those like TMZ like hidden cameras
inside but I got a white van hey that's
nice
is that how he scored you 25 years ago
yeah don't get in a van but I did Drive
don't ever get in a van actually I yeah
yeah
yeah yeah said the pink wig on put it on
oh you're like a superhero see you get
super loving yeah pink wig yeah
little Nicki Minaj now go do it go
perform monkey performs go go dance
monkey dance dress by the way Lucy oh we
didn't talk about this yet Lucy's very
I'm very excited actually she pride
isn't really care but this situation
posted the video of Lucy Sam her flavor
favorite popsicle dick on his Facebook
and the gay guy from Mean Girls I met
him and he said that that's his favorite
video I'm you blowing up Lucy look at
you now ask her that question you were
Dinah Oh her mother come back I was just
gonna ask you about yours
alright Oscar later Oh Lucy wait Lucy
let's get real so embarrassed we want to
know we have a question what is very
important question and you don't need to
feel shy about no really it's natural
it's natural
is there anybody around no yeah so we
want to talk to you we want to explain
what sex is we take it real quick Oh
where's the other peep we should yeah
we'll just use these peeps okay well one
peep and then we'll use you huh okay so
I'll just pretend like that's you know I
mean that works
this happens see and then and then
you're so happy you're an adult I can't
believe I'm endorsing ha ha ha ha ha oh
my god you've turned me into so so Lucy
does that make sense
Yuri nice fresh but Lucy listen you
should be in love and you should
preferably be married and hopefully not
have any kids okay and you should
definitely be over the age of like 24 25
and he should put a ring on it he should
put a dick ring on it
no I'm kidding no do you don't know what
that is you shouldn't know what that is
now are you on your period right now
what I'm trying to get answers yeah
how am I gonna give you anything
how'd are you and 12 feels very are you
know you're not on your period you bleed
no now listen you have a boyfriend right
yeah now what did I tell you when he
says can I put it in you say no good
high five girlfriend now when he now
when he says what about just in your
mouth you say no no you say I bite hey
12 years old everybody tell me a little
all right mom what's your trick okay
okay I don't see a trick happening Oh
Charlies already in there well you can -
Lucy go to the other side house is not
very impressive wow it's so weird that
chocolate doesn't understand human talks
every day's a dog oh no you're a wet now
finally right veneers good job mom trick
alright mom what's happening alright
this is business
this is the first contest which is the
Easter egg hunt there's money in the
money and eggs so who gets sick like the
most money how much money you is so sick
Hoshi Oh
pubic hair perfect this is your are you
on are you honey for it why are you
putting on your penis
because it looks like oh how do you know
that I'm to you know get too much it for
me so does the carpet gotcha
the drags the rules are like you walk
over Hannes what you beat the crap out
of anybody that's in your way Lisa
alright go out there and you get turned
on right now that's a big basket Jared
you're expecting a lot of eggs whoa whoa
whoa oh you are me and my camper okay on
your Xena why you don't think I can do a
myself changer in the back me I'm gonna
obviously number eight so I thought ever
thank you I know what I'm anymore fuck
yes fuck out of my way
make it fuck out of my way come on eggs
where are you yeah yeah getting my
basket motherfuckers yeah hey listen I'm
vlogging at the same time this is hard
hey you're on my turf it's argue holy
shit
where did you only have oh geez never
trust a junkie oh man backyard girl
backyard all right what you're supposed
to give me hands you didn't give me it
nobody gave me his Chuck did Chuck sent
you to the trash can and the poor you
steel enforcement it's gonna break Oh
asshole
can't breathe tell me GJ Oh at least
they beat you
damn it oh well what about you Charlie
how many do you get nothing
what has been the backyard purse Oh
steal it steal it
steal it go get it no dick like
literally you might actually kill you
don't get great steals it off Oh Oh get
it get it get it get it get it
ah touch his penis a little bit all
right everybody time to show who the
losers and who the real winners are one
two oh you don't have to take advantage
fuck you get well really groups of ten
somebody like on really yeah oh we both
suck we got a tornado
well Jared remember you and Sandy have
to split it that was me China 21 bleep
honors together we got lunch time yeah
no I got eight Todd competition number
two all right hold on here Oh Lord here
we go high five no it what was that it
was okay offensive continue all right
whoever is the most creative and
beautiful Easter cookie using as many
items as you can what else judge for
inspiration spritzing
spiration she's a judge by the way jack
so you guys are listening she wants you
to be inspired what is your favorite TV
show
well my favorite beverage is for you
give me answer the question you got good
answer
all right so you guys have you guys each
one today look at a 7-eleven real quick
okay check back spit okay cuz you're
gonna lose me but it's fine you'll be
fine whatever makes you feel better
about me okay ask me sure
everybody should stand up and present
their cookie to her and then she talks
about it
so everybody so everybody stand up and
get in the line over there I'll go last
all right now see a coloring part of the
night and I am so tired I don't care
anymore so Jared was Andy's idea all say
simple Loompas with the forest of
chocolate all right you win it's not
really competition cuz nobody else well
remember it's not working
she's amazing no oh no let me explain
something to you she's morning will you
have one Bob less marbles excuse mother
man against 15 little kids in a
wrestling match that's not a competition
it doesn't make sense to because they're
always gonna win this is domination
Easter everybody Easter how many if you
want a competition oh I think the real
winner here is the fail egg well it's
that time a night again where the dogs
think they're people and the people are
dressed like dogs pretty much except for
you you look great okay
whoo sexy getting out of the water Oh
slow motion foamy slow motion so it is
the end of the night and I'm tired and
Easter was a success how was your
proceeding with this was probably not
your first Easter really pretend it was
my sister
and I wasn't great good at any of the
activity I let her next year
all you think you're gonna be here when
I go to my boyfriend haha
perfect well you guys hope you had fun
hang with us we had fun hang with you
question of the day what the hell did
you do any stir or did you not celebrate
it did you sell very Passover or what
about you tell them that you celebrated
Passover I think so I'll celebrate
Passover I'm Jewish now want proof
that's in there or it's not in there wow
it's not in there right that's right all
choose remove their penises right I
don't know uh to have a good day I love
you guys I've been a honey bye ah
city the common tongue Shane's Facebook
Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well they let their comments now
about you
