Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it before
it's too late
hey guys so we have some news are you
ready for this if you're not ready for
this then I don't know I'm nervous I
mean it's really personal well let's
come come over here let's do it together
so you guys have noticed we've been
spending a lot of time together and
you're probably like why Shane why
you're always over it at least his house
what's going on best friend the best
friend what's happening we actually we
gotta like nervous I mean we have a
child mister and um whoo-hoo I feel like
it's time that we share it with all of
you okay you ready Joffrey say hello say
hello to the world he's never he's
nervous he's nervous but he's so happy
to finally meet all you cuz we've been
talking about you guys first
he's obviously happy he has a smile and
Joffrey calm down calm down Joffrey
Joffrey
he's nervous he's scared he's scary
thank you oh no he's shaking a little
here chuffing give me hot uh so it's
Geoffrey Geoffrey in the car all he's a
survivor aren't you you're a survivor
aren't you Joe aren't you
I mean that's our son you know stop stop
getting sexually rest he has a total
woody I mean come on
ah I exist oh no so this is Geoffrey we
got Geoffrey a shopping center yesterday
because we're fucking weird and not only
did we get Joffrey and carry him around
the shopping center we took a picture
with the Easter Bunny with Joffrey and
now our goal is to get all of our
friends take pictures with draw fries
hopefully we'll make it cool we set up
this little area right so we have the
hearts we have Joffrey on the chair we
for the
and you have to stand next to Joffrey
and take a picture when you come in wait
stand over there let's see how it looks
okay
your Joffrey snap perfect Oh posing Oh
I love it so much
oh and by the way oh my god I got so
excited my little heart just stopped my
little heart and my vagina and my
diarrhea my colon
so right now we are listening very
intently to the radio right now because
crazy shit has been happening today Ryan
Seacrest posted my super love video on
his website talked about the song said
it was catchy and then everybody now is
requesting the song in the radio and he
said they were gonna play it so we are
waiting two computers going mean I want
to take a picture with Ryan Seacrest and
Joffrey yes and we're ready to dance we
got our dancing pants on huh I should
put my beanie on no literally this
happens it's gonna be bear sings I'm
gonna cry I know you're gonna cranky I
know I didn't mean I cried at the switch
I'm so proud of I cried during Josie in
the Pussycats I'll cry during this so
we're waiting
they might not play the song because I
feel like legally they might not be able
to do because they don't have the rights
or anything yeah but you have the rights
kiss F and take the right I'll just have
my finger you can have all the rights
play it right now I'm walking down I
really scared it all away and for some
reason I feel like if I'm talking to you
guys you could save me if somebody jumps
out of that fence and tries to kill me
except you guys are gonna see this right
now so somebody could probably kill me
who should okay oh I made it
come kidding I'm so that was supposed to
be me getting killed by the way did you
not get that
it was suppose to be like somebody
stabbed me was my acting not good no
wonder I didn't get the part in scream 4
damn it so I am on my way to pick up
dinner for me and Lisa because we have
been working all day editing and writing
and doing all that shit and I just
wanted to give you guys an update so
Ryan Seacrest as you already know posted
stupid love on his website and then I
got contacted by one of their producers
about getting it on the radio and so we
were waiting all day for it to play on
the radio I don't think it's going to
play today I think it's going to take a
couple days because they have to like
the song and but I mean you guys
seriously like this is insane like I
mean what is happening like what if the
song gets on the radio are you kidding
me what if people that don't even know
who I am are listening to it and are
like I like this song that shit's gonna
fucking make me have diarrhea I feel bad
all these daily vlogs are turning into
like super in love 2012 so I'll stop
talking about it soon I promise I'll
started talking about the Dex off which
we're going to start recording next week
so I swear I'm gonna get back to making
videos back to making comedy videos -
swear to God you know listen I just I
want to be Britney Spears for like a
week then I'll get back to reality and
I'll put a wig on my head and I'll start
making sex jokes okay alright let's go
get some dinner
by the way air freshener that smells
like a cupcake I'm fat I mean not on the
outside on the inside and kinda on the
outside I ate a lot of eminence
yesterday and I might have you know just
had to try the fries at rallies and I
might have just had to eat all yeah here
okay so Lisa really as far as this is
just too much information you're you're
holding it in she doesn't want far it's
not ladylike to fart in front of him is
that what I am really I mean come on
just fart he's been trying to squeeze it
out this far just do it just do it just
do it if I do it will you do it okay I
mean just why not let it out series do
it ready ready I'll do it and then you
could you have to do it right now okay
yeah you do yeah now I don't fart often
my friends and you know this I burp a
lot
don't really fight that much but once in
a while I mean hopefully here wait can
you can you fill my fart you being
serious you really do do this yeah
aren't you yeah yeah
ah ah
just stretch it out whoa this one's like
that hello baby
Oh God oh my god
fuck okay oh oh
I'm not Farian camera your eyeballs
gonna pop out don't do it
oh fuck you do it first no I'm not do it
if I did it would you done it is I don't
know I'm not gonna do it and not do it
on camera and I'm not far inside of you
fine god wait oh I farted that was a
fart hey oh fuck fart no yeah you're so
close huh
farts farts - it's fun starts right
thing I want to see it they'll want to
see they're all waiting through the
fourth are waiting doorway right yeah
they're all thumbs hanging up pi√±on
okay some space okay now fart if you
know I want you to go far away so if it
smells in yeah I'll zoom right
fart just fart Stuart dispersed don't
fart
okay such a lie
anxiety do you wanna tell them about
your anxiety she's got a lot I have a
lot of them come on fart do it right
dude come on
I mean hottest careful on YouTube right
now honestly this is what we owe
I might poop you jealous fart right when
I turn the camera off it wasn't right
can I said if I do it will you leave me
alone cuz you keep pushing me and you
get it how do you feel do it do it do it
do it you've already done it once you've
already done it once it's just like
cocaine just get hooked on it one more
time come on just take a hit you're
bullying me Oh God
well let me explain to you guys what it
sounded like it was like a trumpet from
an angel oh but it was like it like an
angel like tripped over cloud and I was
like well that's not her like a little
bit heavier than it was it was very
beautiful can't believe you farted
around me oh no gross Shane honey where
are you
retreating my bathtub
oh I was just waiting cited Washington
poo come on do it
return this relationships going too fast
for me no I'm not no I'm not no no he's
a sick motherfucker Jeffrey Jeffrey
Jeffrey Jeffrey Jeffrey guess what it's
the end of the vlog what do you wanna
say Joffe he's brilliant I agree uh so
question of the day let's look around
and try to
what is the grossest thing you've done
in front of a like a boyfriend or a
girlfriend or a friend of the opposite
sex
gross is saying grossest thing I've ever
done is I've puked around a lot of my
friends I've I mean I don't really fart
that much but I feel like I've pooped
before
I've definitely picked off pubic hairs
and I definitely stuck my finger my
button and told them to smell it I mean
the list goes on what have you done for
front of you two seconds ago no do it
again
come on they didn't hear it hey you guys
later watch Edo all right you guys I had
fun hanging with you I hope you had fun
hang with meals email bye oh yeah
Steve comment time Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
