Shane Dawson his first single is
available on iTunes mouth get it
before it's too late good morning
bitches talking to you good morning
everybody
and you bitches is Saturday morning
right now and the video for super lip
just went up and I'm so excited
everybody likes it well not everybody I
mean a lot of people are saying I hope
you die but most of you guys really like
it it's so exciting and scary my mom is
sitting here
I mean she's crying I can't stop crying
why what's making you cry
oh I may just share it share the emotion
I mean now I mean it doesn't help this
is where it spongebob boy-oh came here
well there we go
morning um but yeah so we're obviously
excited and my mom is on tiny chair
right now and they are dancing which is
very exciting
Lauren a girl Lauren and it you guys
know Lauren she's the one that pulled
Aaron stunts her bed but I had to get
rid of it because YouTube wouldnt let me
keep it on she was doing some pole
dancing this morning it's been fun so
today is gonna be fun because not only
did the video on the song go up and I'm
gonna be freaking out all day hoping
everybody's liking it but tonight is
Lisa's Bar Mitzvah so I get a go to a
Bar Mitzvah
that's gonna be exciting do you have a
yarmulke mmm so racist well I mean I
guess it actually any chance so I need
to find a yarmulke I guess before oh my
god just stick to crying hey Shane you
look like a rapist
I know me or Shane okay don't rub it in
it's been three days since I've had a
shower and I just got back from the gym
okay leave me alone leave you alone
never I will never fucking leave you
alone because you're a piece of shit and
I will eat your bones all right I mean
finally somebody's give me my bones
right it's been too long
bye Mira Shane so I just got back from
the gym and I just had to tell you guys
about this experience it was I mean
listen the gym is terrible in general
it's horrible I hate it there playing
the gayest music in the world
that sounds homophobic I'm sorry they're
playing the loudest most excited most
auto-tune music in the world lots of
like sound effects that I keep checking
my phone because I'm like I sent my
ringtone but I'm like no it's just this
really weird music but today was
especially awful because there was this
guy on the treadmill next to me so okay
I get on the treadmill right and then
there's like this 45 year old Bill Gates
looking motherfucker on the treadmill
next to me and he's just running and
then I get on and he's like getting on
the treadmill after a long night of
sucking cock and I'm like okay well
maybe he's into this kind of music and
maybe and he's just on the track I'm
just gonna ignore him ignore him okay
and then I turn I turn up my ipod on
he's like turning on some music probably
soaked really fucking gay and I'm like
oh is he talking to Nonie he's not
talking to me
no no he doesn't even know me what okay
so then I turn the treadmill on and I
start running and I go up to like you
know a six incline or something and he's
like oh yeah going up to the number six
number six six six the sound of the
devil because I'm a motherfucking devil
and I turned him and I'm like okay like
are you talking to me or are you like
what's happening right now and then he
looks over at me and he's like well he
looks at me but he looks past me kind of
like either cockeyed or autistic I don't
know and he looks past me he's like ah
hate you motherfucker
I hate you and I was like oh maybe he
didn't like super love maybe he saw the
music video this morning maybe he wasn't
a fan maybe he wasn't like me my mom
maybe he wasn't crying
on tiny jet so then I just was like okay
well you know whatever and I just kept
going on the treadmill because you know
once I'm on girl like I ain't get enough
like that best too much work so then I
just start to ignore him and then he's
like my phone goes off and there's a
text message from somebody and then he's
like gotta answer your text message from
all your stupid friends oh wait you
don't have friend just probably a mom
okay
listen he was right it was my mom but
that gives him no right to say that so
then I turned him and I'm like what the
fuck is your problem like what are you
like crazy are you like do you have
Asperger's like if you do I totally it's
fine I totally get it I saw the Degrassi
episode about Asperger's like I'll leave
you alone I get it and then he started
like crying and then just was like you
don't know me at all and then kept
running didn't talk to me the rest of
the time I mean I guess I shut him up
but has this ever happen to you have you
ever had a person in public like
literally you know what it reminded me
of you know how I get a lot of hate
comments well somebody said you know
those people who write you hate comments
would probably never say those things in
real life if they saw you
this motherfucker would visit
motherfucker yelled a video was fake and
gay and SR was stupid as fuck like he
would so I'm gonna give a shower I just
had to tell you guys that story because
that was the most insane thing I've ever
done
want to come to shower with me let's go
oh my phone's already broke
oh my god yes come on in let me yeah hey
guys so I am here that where we the
Rainbow Room
it looks like a pirate ship it's pretty
amazing at least is happy birthday here
and a friend Jessica is also happy
birthday so I'm going to try to film
tonight that's really dark in there so
you're definitely not be able to see
Sean you might be able to see Steve he's
just wide enough you'll definitely be
able to see me and breathe and hopefully
I get some fun shit tonight and
hopefully we get to sing these happy
birthday
Who am I kidding I just want some cake
look who's here you're so white like me
so we can know you totally but it looks
beautiful so they're playing a jam right
now I know me oh damn
still can't see show yeah and she's
drier and John is like sitting down now
dancing hands
I'd be moving
bring this requestion sweetie my Hilary
Duff you're welcome America everybody
here is going to leave in the middle the
boy is ready for
thank you
this is like who the fuck is Hillary
doll it's her
oh my god I mean we gotta get down there
dance to this
sweetie
so Bree just told me the most amazing
the other birth I really paint the
picture there's a picture of a for
Simone dressed up in Harry Potter in the
Hogwarts laughs Harry Potter jokes I
just picture like ravenite jump letter
put up yes there it is that's a
ravenclaw
ha well there you go it is the end of
the night and it was a birthday
extravaganza Shana got motorboated about
five hundred times I learned about that
so Ravenclaw and I ate probably ten
pieces too many cake so I think Lisa is
in the bathroom pooping she's probably
bobbing so she would say goodbye but you
know she's popping so question of the
day why what should be what should it be
what should it be
what is your favorite kind of birthday
cake my favorite kind I am into classic
I'm into like vanilla with vanilla icing
so what do you like do you like weird
shit like do you like like apple pie
filling or do you like Chuck I'm hungry
I want more cake
no no more cake that's it no more cake
one more piece right that's fine okay
that's nothing I can just chew and spit
it out right that's not an eating
disorder all right I love you guys bye
steady the common tongue Shane's
Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too
well you let their comments now about
you
