oh hey what's up you guys um okay so
this video is gonna feel like deja vu
because as you know these vlogs are
films a couple days in advance so I'm
always on top of my shit so technically
right now it's Friday so super love
comes out tomorrow and tonight at
midnight on iTunes so we that sounded
like Boxey on iTunes and then um so like
yeah anyways um nobody remembers out a
little bit boxy anyways so I thought it
would be fun tonight if some friends
came over and we celebrated and had like
a iTunes you know party with your arm up
right I don't know
I'm nervous I'm so nervous I was so
excited I'm scared I'm jumping um oh my
god calm down Shane calm down so I think
Shana and Kate and uh brain Steve are
gonna come over and we are hopefully
gonna eat some cake and cut into it you
know what I'm saying just gnome it up
and right now I am reading all your
guys's comments on this website celeb
buzz they posted the song like a day
before so you guys get a sneak peak and
like I am not gonna lie I've been
sitting at this computer crying for like
an hour because you guys really like the
song and I am so excited that you guys
like it and like it's I'm I mean I'm an
emotional person you know I wrote the
song and I love the message and I'm glad
that you guys love it too and I'm so
excited and by the time you guys are
gonna see this vlog you guys are gonna
be like Shane this is old news the
videos been up for a few days blah blah
but hey
pretend like you're in a time machine
and let's travel back to before you have
the song on your iPod let's travel back
unless you don't have the song in your
iPod right now which in that case you
could just stay where you are
oh yeah now my mom is okay Josh yes was
not your so shut about the song
he's filming me I'm talking to you
I mean she's having her home from your
party what's up you guys I love you
she's very oh my gosh good maybe you can
get to me nah I can't get her off
oh come on
okay on the count of three did you guys
like the song one two three well that's
just sounded like a bunch of people
going blah blah but I think that is yes
she knows all of their names and
birthdays
be back in town tonight
excited I mean she should have saw it I
excited for midnight oh is that what I
can do something on the computer I mean
you don't know anything about that's
when the Sun comes out of night oh
alright so the song is already on sale
in New Zealand in Germany so we have I
mean we don't know for sure if she's the
first but in my heart she is yeah
Anna is the first to buy super love look
at it's on her iPad is an iPod or not
that's huge
iPad right okay I was like either your
head is really small yeah first one yes
yes I'm gonna take that 99 cents and buy
M&Ms with it no I'm lying I probably am
NOT gonna get any of the 99 cents cos
you know money gets split up here she
comes
Lauren they're all waiting for you
crunch your shoes
that's fiber one haha so I told them
they can see you
where's my face right there oh there I
am perfect
I told them you were you're crying I
totally crying oh my god
and eating emotionally a lot of I saw I
was like pissed I'm like mathas aren't
cinnamon toast crunch yeah yeah my
cereal with water listen listen I can't
do regular milk
diarrhea for days but I do my black
tater human milk
no it's good it tastes like it's like
sweeter than milk it's big breasts Moo
I know you wouldn't know cuz you know
try so little known fact Lauren is in
the song I don't know if you guys heard
it what wait give us a little rendition
girls good no do it how you actually
anyway I just listen to the song I'm on
the phone you guys can see I was on the
phone with my mother and she's listening
with a song on the phone listening the
song over like a phone line your voice
is like seven octaves higher yes oh
we're like Chuckie Cheese I wish it was
like that all the time
me too oh my god guess who's here hey I
just met you and this is crazy
Oh so here's my number so call me maybe
maybe know what not gonna call I don't
know call oh hi hello this is crazy
here's my baby whoa she's she's saying
it stretched boys they try to chase Kate
I don't know any of the Russian words
I'm sorry once I got a song yeah I tuned
out after calling me so we're excited
because tonight at midnight the song
goes on iTunes in the video goes up
tomorrow you excited wreaking out you're
so good in it everybody loves you so
good in it you're so yeah I just suck
your kick ha motorboat so how would give
the official view it was like kiss me ah
you laughed the whole time and then you
sure left you laughed and then you
burped in my face and then I swallowed
it hot yeah and then oh no then we had
we did you got only she oh god I should
ask him for the footage but we did a
kiss and we were spinning in the air
yeah and then we threw up in your mouth
a little bit
I mean it was like okay so we were
spinning you're kissing our eyes are
closed and as soon as we open that he's
like well when you're spinning and you
close your eyes you're fucked like I was
like it makes it easier no it does not
no no makes it easier for me but she was
like huh
and I had to like run away yeah it was
really did you guys have the kiss like
it was so that's while there was like
four people we leaned against a circle
it was the least romantic thing the
world but you know we made it work oh
you thought it was romantic no totally
was it was the most romantic experience
my life yes good bite you lie you're
just touching yourself a little bit mmm
so right now typical Shauna fashion
she's lost and we're all sitting waiting
for her dinner and she's like I don't
know where I am there is people there
was homeless people there's a Pinkberry
all right let's see if we can find her
oh my god there's so many people Shauna
usually sticks out there with her loud
color clothes don't see her there she is
everybody I told you she's wearing the
loudest color clothes
oh wait that's not her that's not is
that her wait is that her that's not her
is that her is that that's you look at
you what the bay's do you mean like a
black Hilary Duff oh my god got a good
thing I'm a great it's a great thing so
yesterday so yes - you knew that song
I'd be worried that you have the song
Jamaican No thank God here we are at
this restaurant with candles it's a
fancy Jared I wanted to take you
somewhere
special for my record release party
totally yeah for my one song oh are you
kidding me there's a whole album coming
out are we gonna go on tour with my one
sock totally every mall in America yeah
oh my god that would be awesome
a mall - I know they put pressure on it
this website that decide my my song said
I'm doing an album I'm like I am cuz I
am right let's do it
I mean are you gonna be in the album
should do like the inner luigi now like
between each song it's like why didn't
he call me I don't know touch the song
you and Shawna you guys give me that
between girls she's getting information
right now look how interested she looks
hmm interesting
I'll say what you thank you okay I can't
watch look at her what that fucker just
like that saying is what she sounds like
in her head probably yeah sorry see what
just happened even though I'm aware
you look beautiful in this candlelight
what is it when I say after 25 every
girl looks good in candlelight in
moonlight he's my life
when there's not a lot of light
listening like girl you look good no you
want it's like when you buy a bonfire
girl look you know sexiness is just a
light switch to make money from one of
my favourite black people to the next I
haven't stolen anything you kind of have
like black people cartoon hearing like
Skeeter I can see that I also a huge
kiss while I was going to say it's thick
oh good let's do it I'm sorry say wait
Robitaille like I didn't say that what
do you also have I've here's good
still funny still funny of the second
time well maybe I really dark nipples
you have a purple tongue yeah I like
great drink out of here yep oh look at
her just hits flying in the wind
Maui she's ready she's ready for some
super love I been wanting it meanwhile
you should do a version called just
super tits super black you is super
black as you so simple black haha
aren't you guys we are all crowded
around the computer KC everybody I hope
you can can see me girl wait wait let me
get this light there you go
there you go
we're all crowd around because guess
what it is officially the time it's not
well I mean like 30 minutes ago but you
know musi and you not getting over guys
are excited okay it is officially the
time super love is on edges so we're
gonna buy it I'm very excited all right
let's see
oh it's downloading is telling he's out
on a boat honey crabby wait wait wait my
second five four one three two what
oh no way Sean and I actually we did a
special dance in the video together we
did we did but it never made it in the
video oh no you guys should do it now
everybody over there hold on people why
do I could know what the weirdest a
perfect a perfect
we're very excited I'm very excited you
guys so hopefully hopefully everybody
loves it I mean dancing no - shit
this was tight I love how everybody
watching this is like Shane this is old
news cuz this is probably gonna be
posted like Tuesday but whatever this is
real life people I'm very excited I love
you guys so much I hope you like the
song ah damn I got the view right here
yeah I'm pretty sure I saw your pussy
lips girls Oh was that your lips was a
challenge damn
and I gotta go view over here you got a
good view oh oh my god I seriously
thought I said China libs I thought it
but it was a pillow now give her vagina
lips no Chris the data lives all day I'm
dark
no just inflamed and flame oh that's
actually perfect
I just want to shove my arm in it all
right you guys so question of the day
what's your the question is maybe who's
your superlove I think Oh who's your
superlove who's your superlove she's
right there
Oh story that was so who's your
superlove you better say him or he'll
kill you he's right there Oh who's your
superlove everybody watching is your
superlove yeah damn yo super love
who's your super love Shane on the spot
I know you're super love is Shane you do
I mean no listen I super love all of you
guys everybody watching and they're all
thinking
Bobby's game I mean damn who's your
superlove Shane you know what I'm you
know what wow it is on the spot man
honey you have to say well your mom is
your super luck you know what oh yeah
hey yo yo yo yo my mom you know what you
know what you know you know what oh you
know what why not
you just inspire me yeah you know what
this is uncomfortable
dude this is uncopyable you bro come on
all right all right Shane I already
asked you wait how do I look dead like
you look fantastic you look like you
have a super love in your life all right
it is there's a lot of tension I woke up
now it's slower it's slower it would be
slow it's like it's like I saw her in
the window some show no you guys don't
watch you guys nervous all Greece to
then I'm on purpose okay I don't like
Greece my bed okay you know what let's
get to the point let's give away you
know what she already knows this but I
want the world to know this oh my god
I'm nervous
I know you are it is it's adorable it's
a sure you're being adorable
yikes all right all right you know what
you know what fuck it I don't even care
who is she shame who's your super Liu
Sheng I mean Oh somebody's calling we
should get there no we should we should
is that your phone we should get there
no I think we're good that I think we're
doing yeah well you found my boys cover
name my name is gonna the tightest of
whites you're dodging did a little bit
that could have been your back to just
you're you're completely untanned back
Wow yeah yeah well you know a little bit
all right you know I thought fuck it you
know what this is a bad angle though you
know okay yeah bring down okay here oh
there you go or you could do that the
I'm 12 and I just got my camera angle
yeah let's do that this is kind of a big
announcement so let's do it all right
this is a big enough to meet you guys
like I never talk about I never do this
you can I mean listen I never talk about
my personal life because you know I
don't I don't like going too far but I
am extremely happy right now and I you
love super love you go I inspired you
you know got a little audience watching
me and shit do you want a little way no
no it's fine it's fine
everybody stare at me at the same time
that's great
listen I know you guys have suspected it
haven't really made it that secretive
but yes if you're watching this which
I'm pretty sure you are Lisa I love you
I do
are you that's awesome thank you as a
friend I'm kidding I'm kidding
I'm in love with you Lisa Lisa you're
tearing me apart good funny sir so there
you guys go those are our super loves
who's your super love
I'm gonna go Wow thank you for that
stuff dude it feels liberating right
does it feel good I mean it feels good
feels like a little bit of the mystique
is gone but I'm oh no no the mistake is
here you sure it's extremely obvious
it's been it's been pretty obvious the
whole time ah all right you guys I love
you I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
bar Steve Coleman
time Shayne's Facebook wall plan you
might find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls do well
let their comments
