are you bored as fuck well yo luck cause
you're here with Shane Oh everybody have
fun today LN
yep I'm wearing my Ellen DeGeneres
outfit today which means that I am
trying to look fancy but in my world
fancy just means like an androgynous
lesbian so I feel great um no I'm going
to an interview with interview is that
the right word I don't know um with
young Hollywood I'm probably saying that
wrong
I probably shouldn't know where I'm
going I'm probably going to some guys
basement this is gonna be great
no but they're interviewing me to talk
about my videos and how I started and
also super love and why I made that
music video so should be fun hopefully
to have a really cool host hopefully
they're black fingers crossed
um oh god I hope they're gay oh my god
gay black gay black that would be the
dream the dream uh here we go my worst
moment of the day walking up to Lauren's
door well I hope she dressed up well
there she is looking at you porn or
singing a terrible eighty song
pretending that she's a pop star nope
you porn you're not even gonna let me in
like what are you doing God hurry up
nobody cares look at did you put makeup
on or is that bags under your eyes oh
it's makeup
Oh God introduction in Judaism Oh
oh god just so I know it reaches here I
need it her everybody did his hair black
people juicing it
that's good no I keep scrolling down
words don't even Mike's just not this is
not the money this is the money yes good
to get how much is that - Dawson look
who's driving everybody Lauren loves
when I bring this little fact up are you
ready for I don't know what when I
remind her guess what I'm your boss Oh
yep horrible it's Thor you better watch
it Lesley because I'm going oh no now
they're gonna know my pet name for you
she calls me Lesley when I'm being a
diva
she thinks is a diva name listen listen
employee
listen Lesley you better watch it I'm
gonna win the lottery and then I'm gonna
take off and then you're gonna be
drawing for me oh that's right she
thinks she's gonna win the 500 billion
dollar lottery today good when I brought
ten tickets quick pic and then I picked
my numbers and then I did quick quick -
oh god you're so sad anyway it was like
me and all the Mexicans like pigs - I'm
not here kidding I mean you're kind of
Mexican and this old man was like what
are you gonna do with the money and I
was like I don't know travel he's like
first charity then your family I mean he
would fall owed me down the street he
was like all right you can travel like
okay thank you uh-uh
and then you fix her she's um she's
happy she's dancing okay here's a weird
thing she's dressed really fashion but
like Shawna has that outfit
but she's but she acts like a crazy
homeless person Reyes
yeah wait oh my god wait what's
happening
she's coming to you oh my god she's
coming she's coming hi hi wait oh my god
what is going on she she's like do you
think she'll sing my theme song are you
born as me
oh well she's walking into oncoming
traffic great
yikes so question of the day um what
would you do if you want a billion
dollars I would buy Lauren and torture
her
so nothing which is so basically it's
what I'm doing right now
so basically oh no horrible life I hope
I win
we're here at Lauren's favorite place
apart what are you drinking oh yeah
lemon in it that's interesting I'm
drinking hard
dico oh so hard chica well it's tap guys
um and we're just eating nuts and we are
just folks so excited and nervous about
life by the time you guys seen this vlog
super level already be up but right now
it isn't and we're freaking out so
nervous you're so excited and soon so I
never take you guys like sweating
I mean I'm nervous that people aren't
gonna buy the song nervous that you guys
are gonna like the video but hopefully
by now you guys do I'd hopefully by now
you did buy the song tell Lauren how
skinny she looks got to just lie
lights camera Lauren yeah yeah all the
action so we are here um tell everybody
are we are well yeah young Hollywood
studio Four Seasons Hotel it soup
sensation right here oh my skin crawled
um call me just that weird guy that
wears wigs it's so much a weird guy that
wears the wigs thank you that's really a
wig yep yep no I never pull it out I
wouldn't touch it actually all these
lights you get certified and then we
have just look at this oh my god my name
your name and lights
Wow finally see Lauren you said it would
happen one day well so you guys can
check out what we're about to film there
will be an annotation somewhere and
hopefully he'll ask me a bunch of dirty
terrible questions and hopefully I'll
slip and say some really terrible things
that you'll have to add it up and you
can go to the young Hollywood Network to
see all the dirty things that we may or
may not edit out so watch out we might
not edit it by the way it hasn't who's
sat here before like whose questions who
hasn't sat here yikes
what is he sure hey guys Oh God I mean
Oh kill it kill it there's a tan scene
from all the Kardashians were right
there we had Kim Kardashian there oh
that explains all this fur Paris Hilton
was right there we had her sitting there
at one point and then of course yeah
everybody found perfect just a little
pube right there let me pick that up
oh god is this you Paris is that yeah I
think it is alright well we're gonna
have fun see you guys soon oh alright
you guys it is the end of the night
which means is time for M&Ms and peanuts
oh yeah it's time and it's also time for
would you rather question of the day
yay all right would you rather have
broccoli for hair or bread for skin what
I want is stupid
I mean broccoli right obviously oh I
love ranch just dip my head in a bowl of
ranch mmm although if it was really hot
outside it would steam and steam
broccoli just not the shit
although put some butter spray on it I
love butter spray but if your skin was
bread oh god this is a tough one all
right let's find another one that went
to two perplexing oh here's a better one
would you rather have sex with Lindsay
Lohan from Mean Girls or Lindsay Lohan
now I mean listen Lindsay Lohan from
Mean Girls was obviously you know more
put together not on drugs probably not
into as many things I mean that was
before she you know I know so if you're
a girl out there Mean Girls Lindsay
Lohan probably won't have sex with you
Lindsay Lohan now well she might not
have sex with you because she doesn't
have the energy but she'll definitely
pass out on your hoo-ha so that's my
answer
Lindsay Lohan now all right you guys I
love you I hope you had fun hanging out
with me I had fun hanging out with you
and I will hang with you tomorrow
all right I love it guys see the common
tongue
Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well to let their comments now about
you
