if you're poor that sucks well you're in
luck because you're hanging with Shane
all right there's been a bird trying to
eat our food all morning and I just put
out some chicken for him because I want
to see if he's so sick that he would eat
his own kind let's just wait what do you
think do you think he's gonna come back
well he ate the hay which is like in
theory me eating a fetus which you have
done before yeah so yeah I think you can
eat the chicken oh yeah that was him Oh
his back is right it's just a Range
Rover now it's a blackbird and just like
all my theory on black people anything
black in general Lily
anything as Shona would say Oh eat
anything so you like granted I'll eat
anything although I'm black so it makes
sense okay come back bird come back
black bow trying to eat my food come
back to my hotel room all right you know
it's even scary about this room is that
that person is right there right there
right behind that door and we don't know
what they're doing my grand old time
they were having an orgy and it was loud
so loud I asked to join but they denied
okay come on come on bird come back come
back bird come back yes oh my god oh my
god I have a boner
you have to preface that I do not burn
I'm not gonna represent anything other
than that was fucking awesome high five
uh don't blame it nine marriages all
right you guys so we just got back from
vacation is over but you know what we're
good we're happy right yeah I feel
refreshed I'm going on vacation
that's right you're going on another one
it's not really vacation though it's
like going to visit family which is like
yikes
well I am I'm excited tomorrow I meet
with the guy that directed the music
video for super love and we are gonna do
some finishing touches an absolute story
hope it comes out good aren't you
excited just burp again no hey I know
what yours are so gross that was it
that wasn't even a burp I was just
breathing what did you find
yeah I look like with the trench coat no
we think bad American Ashley no Kate
Bosworth no a homeless person no it's a
transvestite Richard Simmons it's a
video game
I don't watch house I don't know Carmen
Sandiego where in the world is Lisa
Schwartz Schwartz do we give me a hat I
wanna travel throw it on I know
little-known fact you guys if it's
really closer we're not in the shot it's
because my phone is broken so I can't
see what I'm filming so here good luck
can see okay right here ready
oh is that bit where in the world is
Shane's head I don't know cause it's
black you can see Mike's hey what's up
you guys that is very bright I am back
home which means Jarrett's here yay stop
I'm very excited and I'm oh by the way
people in the back seat see okay I can't
see anything
Wow so I have to guess so say hey you
guys I don't know if we come in this
but we're hoping so I have here a
scratcher from $250,000,000 and Jared
said that the odds of me winning are for
every hundred dollars of scratchers
there's $40 worth of prizes so if you're
not going to math like me what does that
mean - it means that you should have
opted for the dollar scratch and not
well see I didn't know that this
scratcher costed $10 until because he
Arabia man at the counter was like Oh
duper different and I was like wait what
and then he was trying to tell me you're
a fucking idiot why are you spending $10
don't get out of here go it already said
no you should buy a lot more of those
your chances are higher if you buy what
I think when I left and he was laughing
huh
he was just laughing at me so when we
get home I'm gonna see if I won ten or
twelve hundred fifty million dollars and
if I did I'm gonna give you all a dollar
oh fuck was that I got a text message
that was God saying nope
mom I'm gonna win two hundred and fifty
million dollars I got um a really
expensive scratcher Chuck is very
excited right let's see all right here
we go is everybody ready yeah
all right here you read it see if I won
how many millions it's taking a while
let's see a lot of zeros in there right
now there's just a lot of numbers the
bench a lot of chances to win really
then you did it
a lot of zeros a lot of just zero well
no there was one zero a big one a
negative ten yeah me too that's really
all there wasn't that I'm sorry mom I
know you wanted me to make you a million
dollar housewife
holy a desperate housewife of Orange
County whatever the fuck you watch
question of the day how much money have
your waist about to know um all right
what's your the question of the day B
this is really sad way to end this day
what's your favorite number
yeah what's your lucky number - 17
what's yours isn't there at this net on
your arm no right what number is on your
heart 46 it's not lucky okay
add your favorite n number like a three
oh wow the hand signal and if that looks
oh yeah gang signs over that was thrown
up something else write that what does
that mean is that like for him stay slow
shocker there we go I mean my family
people see you later I love it steady
the common tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too
well you let their comments now about
you
