your board is fuck good morning oh my
god you have so much energy in the
morning I would have never guessed
rise and shine you know we found lush
yeah dip those sunglasses Lau this is
exciting look at this area oh my god
carrots on the windows yeah look at all
this candy you can't eat all right I'm
looking for a rubdown and I want one
from him just want to get ripped all
right so what's happening I'm going to
shave your hand yes she is
I love this look inside get in on there
okay so we take a look at our prune
saving cream okay so this guy if there's
no soap to it Oh just gonna cream up
lather up like or not lather up cream up
like nice so wait are you gonna shave
like a shape into it or is it just gonna
be all not gonna I'm gonna fake shave it
oh I don't think they blow real crazy
way that you're Orange your neroli your
orange blossom in there
take our our razor Oh God see kids don't
cut yourself
cut them with popsicle sticks well the
pain is going away this just gives you
like a basic idea of how it'll feel
afterwards we had I had you doing it
every day
oh yeah can you shave me yeah you ready
wax back not very well there are a lot
of screaming and profanity result ladies
all right I bled yeah and we didn't even
get close to all I could think of is the
40 year old virgin at Oh
I mean you have no idea how right you
are oh the stares of destiny
we are forever 21 my personal hell it's
my dream where all the models are just
like mary-kate & Ashley from the 90s and
you want to find me a jacket right let
me be honest it's very the help in a
good way all right so we are at the
restaurant
what's that most gluten-free Bakery
I mean listen I just came back in the
bathroom and I was like I haven't taken
a shit in three days I'm gonna die and
she's like let's go to a bakery
I'm gonna die anyways so the whole point
that the reason I brought my game around
this restaurant besides you know to look
crazy is to show you guys my new jacket
that ready this
my god what is it called Paddington Bear
Paddington Bear shoot-down kids let me
tell you a story we're just gonna hug me
hug to you guys I got a hit yeah you did
I never have to wash my hair again Mary
Kate called she wants her hat and her
extensions and her watch oh that's what
are you pulling out of your big bag oh
my god just Hollywood drink your water
with cucumbers and pickles in it yeah
all right you guys this is very very
important announcement a message a
message from Jane ELISA okay so we are
walking around the streets of Santa
Barbara and I was like I really want
yogurt now my go yogurt land of course
I'll go there everybody goes here in
their mouth you know then I see little
place rocking yogurt actually you sauce
right across the street obviously they
were here first
obviously Yogurtland came in and pounced
on their territory and I was like you
know what fuck it fuck the man let's go
into rock and yogurt test it out a
little Asian lady was like hello and I'm
like hi you can I try your vanilla she's
like okay tried it
haloo Yogurtland away fucking so much
better and I said to the agent later I'm
like you know what fuck Yogurtland and
she was like yeah she's so excited and
they have organic yogurt there too this
is not a part of place with people but
guess what
it is because I'm not getting paid but I
want all of you guys if you're in this
area to go there and walk and get a
yogurt and say stock Yogurtland she's so
sweet and I want her to keep getting
business ok there's nobody there and
this / - that 19 girls I'm Shh fuck you
fuck your face all right
guess what get excited because I have
planned us in ultimate adventure okay
yeah right what's it the one thing you
want to do well I would love to go to
museums
think bigger uh Baker I think the
biggest thing in the world
let's go around the world not okay think
smaller you like size-wise like what's
like big hot air balloon think like less
expensive and more um watery uh fishing
close now think about us being lesbians
we're watching come on oh my god to be
so fun
voted best whale watching I mean really
how many are there are you excited I
mean listen oh okay I was totally
kidding about whale-watching cuz that's
like the worst idea in the world but
come on look at the top is that dolphin
watching the wholeness direct price I
just just want to get so close here what
what was very hated oh my god I don't
know about you guys but I trust dolphins
I know they're killers oh this and it
says like all the different these green
sea sea otters sea honorees sperm whales
I don't know if I want to see that game
with
why is everything sounding like dildos
bottlenose gay sperm northern right up
in there dolphins oh yeah
Shane what are you doing here Mira Shane
huh what are you doing here
I followed you here no why actually I
probably should be that loud oh my god
there's cops oh my god is eken me oh no
I want to be guys so it is the end of
the night it got crazy out there
I mean cops are being called police
ambulance somebody's dead which means
it's been a successful hanging with
shade so question of the day what is
your favorite treat that's such a weird
question but I think my favorite treat
is treat is frozen yogurt what's your
favorite treat I really even in this
very kettle corn I mean I guess has a
treat so leave a comment what's your
favorite treat thank you guys for
hanging with us I guess I'll go to my
room now it's been fun get out of here
can I at least like have a hug or
something well it's been a fun vacation
high-five
see you guys later I love you see the
common tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let that comment
you
