if your love cause you're hiking chain
today what is that is that a mountain
with trees oh we're not in Hollywood
anymore we're in a Gore house this is I
mean like 50 minutes away from Hollywood
but listen it's a vacation that's right
we're target of ocation yay Spring Break
Spring Break whoo and so uh we are just
gonna do stupid shit for the next two
days so get ready to hang with us the
first thing we're gonna do is go to our
favorite restaurant
but here's it here's the the nipple
twist this is our favorite restaurant
you like that one yeah thank you
that's right um so this restaurant is in
Hollywood and I go there every single
day um and they just opened one up here
in this country town which is why we
stopped here in Oriels wit but also why
we stopped here is because they film the
my least or the Hannah Montana movie on
that hill and I just want know you're
really gonna know it what you're really
good at pointing to things like in the
I've gotten good at that cuz I used to
be like link in the sidebar and I'd
always point the wrong way back when we
used to have a sidebar memories oh I
wasn't alive man all right let's all
right all right we are here people we
have made it I don't know why I started
two cups felt like that was the most
exciting thing on this table we
demolished everything I know technically
I was gonna pretend like we hadn't eaten
yet but we already ate oh I just got so
excited about eating that I forgot to
it's so bad I so fast and I might have
had three cups of ranch and you just had
a nasty little salad I'm a nasty you're
NASA's of bitch and okay so here's our
official critique of this restaurant
thank you very much nice service good
sir you guys heard that it was very nice
yeah nice little tushy right I didn't
actually look I'm just assuming I like
it
all right you know you just deal
you just hang some I mean the decoration
is interesting there's doors on the wall
that looks like what Rose floated to
safety in time champion I mean I'm happy
about that there's rocks on the walls
lots of warning signs like don't stand
here or you'll die like Zen
cafeteria it's very zen needs chicken
fillet chicken I mean there's lots of
ponytail braids I'm feeling it
can you do that to my hair yes look at
all the fucking palm trees ah vacation
equals palm trees can we get one of
those little golf carts a person to kick
I don't know what that was
cuz I want one too I'm eating a cookie I
don't give a fuck
presentation I'm wearing pink lipstick
I'll go fuck an Asian just left artist
snorted and I think boogers coming up
don't give a fuck Davao unification
boogers okay vocation that was like
Church woo
praise the Lord so on one cool thing in
this hotel room but I don't really have
any interest in its Nicole Richie no
there's another thing is this bottle of
what is that is that wine or champagne
oh my god you do oh my god yeah get rid
of them ah um okay so those are for the
gym Oh why do you tidies for the gym
boxer briefs for what I'm trying to
impress who everyone I'm so impressed
let me not you I wouldn't look too close
or get to yeah there you go
alright so I am going to be popping what
the fuck is this Cup it's in French I
don't know I don't drink
Bret Oh No so I'm not gonna drink this
but I'm gonna pop the shit out of it
Ryan you know how to do you know how to
open
find out here you go alright come on boy
don't put it towards me put it that way
class yeah I don't even know if I get
just hit the walls right I don't know
not safe how's that legal
that kind killed you that's awesome I
don't even know if I got it it it
happened success why is that legal get
rid of this take this away it smells
like my father
oh god depressing does it Houston treat
champagne
actually no he should drink wine from a
box so it smells like my grandma all
rest in peace just one of the many
reasons I love Santa Barbara just black
statues of a child a man are they
supposed to be black or is that just a
color of like them it's as bronze
because I was going to say like I was
gonna say I was like they're kind of
dressed like that's kind of my body a
little bit and that's kind of your body
up here I mean look how small my little
feet arts Oh cuz if your weight I want
it can you get a picture of me joining
in on the party yeah oh
Santa Barbara
I'm with the classes my honor I love
whose lunch well you guys it is the end
of the night and it is time for us to go
to bed say goodbye everybody
I um I thought I got a pullout bed in
there like on the couch I thought I was
gonna you know Mary yeah yeah putting
totes totes I'll just sleep on the couch
is that up okay let's go see you
tomorrow
friend hey maybe I'll start drinking why
the fuck not
alright I'll see you guys later oooh
question of the day fuck oh oh where's
your favorite place to go on vacation
and if you don't go on vacation where do
you want to go
hey you're there where do you want to go
I'm where I want to be
yikes little sweet though alright see
you guys later
City the common tongue
Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let their comments now
about you
