guys we just finished the crazies vodka
sever with Ava and Jillian Jensen and
drew and Jaz we had the best time ever a
Jillian told the secrets from x-factor
she told us craziest stories and she
sang a song and then Ava came and we
talked about YouTube drama we talked
about drugs we talked about demons just
typical shit go check it out suck on so
anyway
hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video ok now before we
get started I just want to let you know
that this video is going to be a lot
different than my usual this video isn't
about ghosts or about death this video
is about something that genuinely
terrifies me and just been keeping me up
today we're going to be talking about
the theory that we all might just be a
simulation I know it's fucking crazy but
stay with me I had talked about this
theory to people in my life who do not
care about conspiracies they don't
believe anything and then when I
explained it to them they literally so
first of all let's talk about what a
simulation is now a simulation is
created by a computer to look extremely
realistic now here's the actual
definition the action of pretending or
deception the production of a computer
model or something especially for the
purpose of study ok so now that you
notice simulation is why would we be
what the theory goes that a future
civilization might have wanted to see
what the people in the past lived like
so they made a simulation we might be in
that simulation now this idea has been
around for a long time I mean the movie
the matrix was literally based off of
this now the atoms in the movie
basically the matrix is a simulation now
of course in the movie there's one man
neo who is aware of this and he's trying
to fight against it and show everybody
that they really are living in a
Singlish sounds like an interesting
movie what is it's based on truth now
one of the smartest and most successful
men in the world
Elon Musk believes in disappearing now
beyond is a CEO of Tesla he created the
program
his ex he's literally one of the
smartest people in the world and he has
been talking very openly about his boss
there's a sort of a philosophic concept
that it sufficiently advanced
civilization will be able to create
regulation
yeah maybe you've answered this before a
simulated hadn't done any simulation
discussions as crazy okay yeah Elon Musk
believed and he doesn't just believe
that this is like a 10% chance he
believes that one a billion chance that
were real which means 999 million out of
a million chance that we are in English
now just listen to how Elon explains it
very simple
forty years ago we had pong like two
rectangles and a dot that was what games
were now 40 years later we have
photorealistic 3d simulations with
millions people playing simultaneously
and it's getting better every year and
soon we'll have booked you know virtual
reality of augmented reality if you
assume any rate of improvement at all
then the games will become
indistinguishable from reality
yeah when you hear it like that it makes
a lot of fucking sense I mean literally
forty years ago pong just two bars of
the ball in the middle and now we have
games that are so incredibly realistic
that when people put on the VR goggles
it's like they're better I mean listen
I'm not a gamer myself but I know that
this makes a lot of sense that's how far
we come in 40 years
just imagine 1,000 years that virtual
reality is just barely getting started
in just a few years the graphics would
be so insane that it'll literally be
like real life that might be of the fact
that people are already online playing
with strangers as if they're really
interacting just shows you that people
are ready for a simulated world putting
on the goggles being somebody else
interacting with other people that is an
ideal world living this full life from
the
of your own think about it there is a
possibility that the real you could be
laying on a couch somewhere a thousand
years in the future
playing the VR game as you literally
could be now I know you're thinking
shameless sins are fake they don't that
feelings they don't have emotions
now Elon Musk and a lot of other very
smart scientists believe that in a
thousand years it is inevitable that
simulations look so realistic so
lifelike that the actual Sims inside of
it will have no idea better and we all
could just be one big game of sim we
literally could be like fins volume 500
now 15 years ago another huge scientist
another genius Nick Bostrom said this we
are almost certainly living in a
computer simulation now this is where it
gets even crazier now we talked about a
lot of supernatural things before go
psychics astral projection deja vu what
if all of those crazy things and we
don't really know how to explain are
just glitches for example to each other
literally nobody could figure out what
it is scientists have tried to figure it
out but nobody's got a concrete answer
but thinking of deja boo' as a computer
glitch I just make sense so now that's
one theory which is that we are being
played like a game like summoning the
future but there's a lot of other
theories that are very similar now this
next one is the one that I'm not from
what yuan was saying people in the
future might want to look back at the
past right so they create a simulation
of what the past look like but there's
going to be way more than just one
person looking back at a simulation of
the past millions of people do it it
literally could be like TV for people
like olace let's look to see what 2017
was like which means there could be
billions of simulations which is what
yuan meant when he said there's only a
one in a billion chance that were real
so this is where it gets really fucking
sad so what if our current life right
now is just somebody watching the past
we're just there TV show which means
we've already lived this life which
means when you get to yourself ooh maybe
you're getting deja vu because you've
done this before
what if we are being simulated on a loop
what if we've literally done this before
a million times and each I'll do is just
glitches reminding us that we've done
this a million times now there is a
chance that all of that is not true from
what Ilana said and from what a lot of
other scientists success there is a
chance that we are not a simulation very
small chance but the only way that would
happen
it is civilization and it's before we
got to that technical advance so
basically like if in a hundred years
there's an asteroid that kills everybody
or if in one year there's a nuclear war
and it likes us all out but that
probably won't happen we probably will
live at least another thousand years
sound nearly nothing in the grand scheme
of things I mean the earth is what 65
million years old I'm not a scientist
but something like that never mind I
just googled it the earth is
four-and-a-half billion years old
we saw so a thousand years ago so I know
you're thinking Shane if I am
questioning whether or not I'm in a
simulation then does that mean that it's
not possible because why would I be
questioning it and if I question it
enough can we break out of it no yes we
are questioning it which means that
we're questioning it which means that we
will slowly get closer and closer to
creating it which is what they're doing
with VR which means in a thousand years
we will create it and we'll be like oh
my god look we can make a simulation of
the past and then we do it and never
here I don't know if that makes any
sense it's really really hard to explain
there's tons of videos online about it
you can watch but I can't shake the
feeling of knowing I dumb business like
that's the part that fucks me up I know
I've done this before
I have deja vu every single day I have
moments where I'm predicting things and
saying like oh I think this is going to
happen and it does but then I also think
about the other theory where we are just
being played by somebody in the future
who has the VR mask on and we have no
idea that we're them but then if you
think about that one
explain a lot I mean we all feel like we
have a soul right like we have this
inner monologue this soul that goes up
to heaven or whatever when we die well
what if our soul our inner monologue is
the person claimed the game and what it
when we feel like we should do something
or like our brain tells us like do this
what if the person is telling us to
literally controlling us what if our
inner voice is our player and what if
when we die it's game over and it's
literally an alien who takes up as VR
and you play oh I lost give me another
one and then they give them another
person and maybe that's what past lives
are past games I don't know if I
explained any of this correctly or good
enough for you to understand I just want
to talk about it and literally tripping
me the fuck out but I just can't stop
thinking about like Lily okay like for
example what if one day our simulation
that we were in at a glitch like a major
glitch like what is a little piece of
the sky just like quick and look like a
computer piece or what if the moon just
disappeared in the came back or what if
one day everything just like froze and
then on throw like what would happen
like what would the world do like when
we all freaked out like would it chaos
ensue like what we all feel like life is
pointless because we're just a
simulation literally oh my god and
follow me to a hold I don't know maybe
I'm alone here but I just want to talk
to you guys bad because I guess not
think about it so lean is in comments
let me know your thoughts do you think
we're simulation do you think we're just
a simulation of the past or do you think
we literally are like a virtual reality
game that's being played by summoning
the future or any think it's all
bullshit and that were just people and
when we die that that I don't know I
tend to agree with Elon Musk a fucking
genius and somebody has created so many
crazy things I tend to believe in if you
just if you extrapolate into the future
and say well how good let's say well
video games be in a hundred or two
hundred or thousand years from now if
there's continued improvement and you're
in a full body haptic see it suit with a
sort of surround vision and it becomes
beyond a certain resolution
indistinguishable from reality they like
to be millions maybe maybe billions of
such simulations so then what are the
odds that we're actually in base reality
isn't it
one in billions and you
before we end this video I just want to
say that another theory that I was
reading about that also so this should
add me now that is not a simulation
theory technically now I'm sure you guys
occurred the whole when you die you see
your life flash before your eyes now a
lot of people think that's true I think
it lasts seven seconds you see a whole
life flash before your eyes waiting for
you time now know you're thinking shit
how do you see your entire life in seven
seconds well when you're dead or dying
time is a lot different just think about
when you're dreaming you could have a
dream that literally feels like a five
hour movie but you've only been asleep
if it even so what if when you're dead
or when you're about to die that seven
seconds could last the length of a
lifetime and what it right now you are
just reliving your life wait what if you
are actually dying and you're just
reliving your life does that make any
sense like what if in 30 years I get
shot and I'm bleeding to death on the
ground and I relive my entire life and
that's what I'm doing right now but if
that's the case then when I die in 30
years do I do it again and am i
literally just constantly reliving my
life to death with y'all doin stuff
later guys know hopefully this video
tricked you out a little bit and
hopefully it wasn't boring I just really
want to talk about I want to keep
talking about this if you guys have
other theories let me know but I'm going
to keep doing more research and I'm
going to keep really following down the
holes and I'll give you guys an update
if I find one I also would love to
interview you on that would be a fucking
during either way thank you guys for
letting me divulge in this and I hope
you enjoyed it if you did any want more
weird videos where we kind of talk about
shit that's very fucking weird give me a
thumbs up sign up also make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
and if the notifications epidemic new
videos every day
all right you guys I will see you
tomorrow make a simulation that we call
life
