my cuz your gang
here with my favorite three pussies
muffins
Brie's pussy oh it's okay I can see him
through your shorts what's funny isn't
you bet over a really good we're talking
about the names for you know Union
Shauna and how you ask people to come
Johnny I just came for what cheresa oh I
like how I'm getting good yeah I really
have my mom's favorite nickname that you
guys came up with from me brie and
Shauna what was it mom three instead of
the show Two and a Half Men two and a
half minute yup
my mom always thinks it's funny to call
me a woman so now we are gonna go to the
mall because I kind of want to get a
cleanse we're going to GNC to get some
kinds of cleanse I'm so excited I
haven't pooped in a while so I'm trying
to cleanse this bitch out I'm trying to
get rid of the worms I mean listen we
all have our things I trust him I don't
trust her I really don't trust her I
trust her and her so weird she and see
right now I probably should be filming
this but brie found her little cleanse
and trustless I don't know try it well
there's another thing that we want to
dry we're gonna get this tell the horny
goat weed supposedly it you take one and
it makes you super horny but it's only
for guys so we thought it'd be funny if
I took one in every tick one because the
lady said it would give you testosterone
extra test days after Tiffany it's gonna
give her like and I was like am I gonna
hit a boner and Brie's gonna be punching
people in the face and the lady's like
probably that's why I could try it
that's right I mean I want to try it on
camera see what happens see if shit gets
quite gray see if I want to fuck a
homeless person I mean I don't know why
my mind went there but it did right
right
free is opening up the horny juice
twenty goat juice weed yeah where's the
smell like wait let me smell you go oh
I'm already horny I'm like nervous I'm
not nervous about the horny part I'm
nervous cuz I feel like there might be
caffeine in it and I don't do very I
don't do well we will take one because
it says take two to four to trust him
metal good-looking guy but he's just
walking so slow it's scaring me he's
strolling oh my god and then this guy
with the Jeepers Creepers hat we need to
get out of here back you take your first
you think of it
I'm gonna take two cuz it says to take
two to four you take one alright okay oh
my god he looks just like Chuck Norris
I'm already horny okay here we go
nothing take two I really hope I don't
draw like a pair of balls haha I can't
help you do I dreamt you yes thank you
he wants to see them okay is it it okay
I just took them how do you feel I don't
feel like it will do recaps you get
every every every hour every hour on the
hour I'll let you know how big this is
getting and it's not gonna be very Oh my
vagina is tingling oh I don't think
that's the horny goat weed
I gave me to get that checked freeze
favorite song yours to sleep
I just met you she's crazy I don't know
the words to kill me baby yeah you do
better and there's something call me
maybe you know a gay or something I do
oh it was crazy yeah listen I may know
all the songs on the Justin supposed to
get soundtrack but how do you do and you
have that CD in your car at all time I
do but I do not know the lyrics to call
me baby I miss you so bad I missed you
so so bad
oh that that's a good question of the
day what's the gayest song you guys can
think of
oh wait that's homophobic no no I can
say that people think I weigh the
dumbest song okay we'll go it you're
technically you just said that I mean I
said game and you said dumb you're
insinuating you're technically a member
of the gay community technically we're
in the makeups okay uh yeah let's see
dumbest because I love my oh my gay
people yeah okay mine is this way what's
your guilty pleasure song I feel like
I've asked that blog why is this yours
not this one what's my guilty boy this
one this is the gate this is the dumbest
song but I obsessed with it what is this
oh my god I know this song hey hey who
is this
bewitched Oh is oh yeah it is
what's the dumbest song you think see
dancing queen by ABBA
it's my one of my favorite songs
everybody no but it's like a very gay
song if you will we're not
we love gay people no we do love gay
people but that's a very the gays of all
that song oh here we go
hey yeah
Oh hair flip I know your song yeah you
did yeah this song I want to I feel you
guys make me feel embarrassed I don't
know the words in the song but really
shouldn't at all I should be proud of
that is that I put this on a CD
yeah yikes shit is about to get crazy
and I just think I'll be baby
we're target right now everybody's
excited look how excited everybody is
wait do your best
excited face yikes I think that was
pretty excited
what's your mr. Severson okay that's
pretty good I got a cramp I look like a
kid on like a Six Flags poster if that's
how they always are why are they like
that
guess who's watching bugging skater a
very happy Shane a very happy Bree a
very happy Jared I'm just happy to be a
part of this situation right now and I'm
very it's deep listen let me explain my
love for buckin Skinner okay it's a
mixture of Drake and Josh
Hannah Montana That's So Raven
everything I want in a shitty
Nickelodeon show it has right yeah yeah
the theme song
no and wake up can't move it they don't
know yet so you know guys I stepped in
on this maybe ten minutes left to go
mm-hmm I was like how am I gonna get
into it I need to relate to the
characters there he's me character
development no no no no no I'm already
into it it's like I know everything
about the show already it's easy it's
fun easy fun breezy
easy breezy Oh theme something is so
good yeah let me I'll play the theme
song while I'm talking you guys about
about this show all right here comes the
themes I'm ready everybody can't move it
get into the ocean here we go
everybody's like so like something
everybody's running yeah yeah solid of
it go again here's my part ready ready
buddy no worries bro - doesn't bake and
the party never ends don't shoot
yourself Steve enjoy it goodbyes out her
is just a beard trimmer listen oh here
we go again here we go bro just so you
guys know that was my first time
experiences the theme song I hope it
felt like it did like to you how it felt
to me I mean so there's a vagina in
their logo
hahahaha yep the only redeeming and epic
adventures
I beg listen here - no right look at
that thing yeah of course
come on so here's the thing the reason I
wanted talking about this show I'm not
kidding Paige talk about this show I
wish I was but I'm not
I am following all the actors on Twitter
and they're following me back and I tell
them how much I love them all the time
and listen like if more of you guys
don't watch the show it's gonna get
canceled and yeah that's it anymore so
please fucking watch this though cuz I
love it so much right I want to show my
love in the yarn angel every day
TV show gets canceled I'm Sarah
McLaughlin
and today I want to talk about bucket
and Skinner's epic adventures so please
watch it because you know be really cool
I really want to be on it like and I'm
hoping if it doesn't get oh geez maybe I
can get quite appealing right to the
producers right now maybe like listen
producers like I wanna play a hot dog
vendor like I'll just show up and be
like hey Puckett and he'll be like hot
dog please and then he'll like run and
crash into a wall cuz it's crazy and
that go but that was funny back then
they'll be like wait a minute you're not
Persian
hahahaha always version and every
Nickelodeon does tend to be on the radio
it's hilarious well here you guys go uh
do you guys watch this show do you have
any idea what I'm talking about
I hope so don't make it look bad not
ruin it yeah yo hey guys uh yes that is
my air conditioner on because I'm a hot
sweaty mother fucking mess I'm really
really sweaty tonight I don't know why
cuz I'm hot for you alright why do I
always get so close girl what's wrong
with me I'm just too comfortable with
you guys so comfortable so today was fun
hopefully you guys had fun hanging with
me I had fun hanging with you and I will
be hanging with you tomorrow
so have a good night's sleep I love you
guys I will see you soon and you're the
best in the world I love you so fucking
much Steve comment on Shane's Facebook
wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now
about you
