bored as fuck well you're in luck plus
your hey with Shane whoa hey what's up
you guys yes I know I'm still wearing
makeup I can't get it off it doesn't
want to come off he just wants to stay
there and you know what I'm fine with
that except for the fact that everywhere
I go now the grocery store clerk or the
waitress says are you okay just because
I'm wearing dark eyeliner anyways today
is gonna shut up muffins what do you
want I know you want to be loved but I
have no more love to give I already gave
it all yesterday Oh God
so I literally woke up like an hour ago
and it's 5:00 p.m.
and yesterday and the day before just
knocked me the fuck out that video was
so much fun to make but literally that
suit the superhero suit that I don't
think I really showed you guys too much
of because I don't want to give it away
but like it was so hot that I was
started sweating so much I started
getting delusional and I started
hallucinating and I started crying like
it was just it was just the worst
experience of my life
but it's gonna be a good video so
hopefully you guys like that when it
comes out
so today I've decided to take the day
off and I've already wasted half the day
sleeping so I think I'm gonna go out to
dinner with Lisa and I think she's gonna
try to wax my back I mean exactly
I agree so let's go get this over with
bye muffins find yam yam yeah but then
when I say goodbye nothing fuck it so
right now this camera is being set up
for Shane's torture okay listen
so you made a whole vlog about if
everyone commented
you would West your bag uh-huh and I'm
just helping follow through and you're
being a little bitch better okay listen
I said if a million people commented
there's a hundred thousand comments does
that mean a million note missing a zero
it's pretty close I mean it's pretty
impressive you guys it a hundred
thousand comments is retarded that's a
lot
but listen yeah but I'm just gonna be
totally honest right now I'm scared
I know but I need you to prove to the
world that you can do this like you
couldn't even ice challenge and it's
like I need you to be a man for me I
mean how about if you're with my
megaphone how about an androgynous emo
the King man woman is that good when I
signed up for very well okay you know
what
fuck you know what let's just do my back
oh are you being so serious I'm being
serious
I just came I mean listen I've never
been more scared of anything in my
entire life and I've been through some
scary things that's it's very true are
you glad to have this experience with me
and everybody else Hey
yeah oh fuck don't worry it's gonna be
fine
we do this all the time that's what
doctors say and then you see like an
article where it's like patient dead and
the doctor was like I thought it was
gonna be fine I promise you will not die
from this die familiy asian died of well
you don't even know what you're doing do
you listen I'm gonna run the block few
times you've been around the Harry block
a few times you waxed a few I have never
met anyone as Harry is you okay well Ben
Ben word Oh God already getting
demanding well she's on top of my back
that can only mean one thing
he's fucking me in the ass no she's and
waxing oh my god you guys this is this
is just torture I mean yeah this is
awesome this is the worst moment of my
life
this is a bonding experience for you and
me so you did it and you want to do
another one I mean I'm scared I mean
it's about I'll try okay I want to do
this part right here okay all right I
don't want to get your mullet in it
right here your girl mullet okay is that
good
good you guys can see my reaction let me
go I'm scared oh my god oh my god oh my
god let's talk through the process okay
can you see I'm crying yeah see that
I didn't even punch okay okay so here's
the stick no my god and here's the stuff
that's deceiving cuz it smells good okay
and you just got a lather it up oh my
god in the direction oh my god that's a
lot right isn't it a lot that feels like
a lot holy shit yeah you don't want the
heat are you going in for seconds no no
you don't need more right oh oh my god
oh my god oh oh I'm gonna pass out yeah
oh my god oh my god what are you doing
in the direction Oh what are you doing
oxidize oh oh oh my god it's gonna be
ready I hate you so much I ain't even
bread
okay wait deep breath we count okay
count it okay one oh my god I'm actually
a little bit nervous person oh my god
it's you Wow okay oh my gosh okay your
mullet oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god hey are you
okay
oh that was good I'm just in so much
pain
oh that I'm speechless oh shit I mean I
can't even she knows good or bleep oh
fuck wait why are you going in like that
what are you doing your mullet ha this
is the worst fucking like there's blood
on it oh my god this blood on it give me
hug
hate my life if you entered
professionally
gorgeous well there we go you guys
I mean this would say days to wax your
oh look you guys you guys you're gonna
see the entire experience on Lisa's
channel when is that going up actually I
might already be up cuz these vlogs are
late
well I hate you everybody for making me
do this
wait wait what one more oh good
just kill me well it's done and here is
the yeah do you have any it is the Harry
remains with the Lud on it yeah I mean
God I got your blood that time to tell
her I'm HIV positive
oh girl I um so yeah we didn't even get
through a quarter of my back yes
honestly here's the thing like it hurt
but it hurt putting it on actually
waxing it up wasn't that bad cuz we got
the cheeks don't get I mean like I would
rather do the whole back but like I wish
that they could do it all at once just
like cover my back and wax put a big
towel and just do it
that's another dare although that dear
if you that could actually rip the skin
up just pull your back off just gonna be
back we want to back oh okay I'll get
one mastermind at work you said you're
attacking here here yes I lied I was
actually getting my camera so we just
ate she ate some rabbit food and I ate a
real meal you ate the rabbit today
perfect and I am watching her edit the
video which makes you move it nervous
like really you're seeing the process I
know
oh my god I'm seeing a wizard behind the
curtain I'm seeing the eye behind the
Justine oh you look like hey I look like
a woman who's getting it from behind you
do like it looks like like a not that I
know but it looks like when it was like
teen porn sites
not that you know like barely legal
hmmm are like tweens gone wild
oh it looks good that you look good
straddling me from behind like that we
are surprised no we're not uh so I'll
watch your edit and then I'll probably
make five more monkeys doing here is the
problem Jerry true Oh chocolate cereal
chocolate cereal Oh Jack let's see a
real chocolate I'm gonna get diabetes
huh hey what's up you guys um you know
it comes a certain time at night when
you're so tired and insane that you
start singing to your food and then
start yelling at it for being bad for
you and then hugging it because you
don't care that it's bad for you and you
just want more of it and then pumping it
out and saying goodbye with the tear and
a little bit of blood maybe that's just
me hey uh so it is the end of the night
today was just a fun relaxed hangout day
you know where I got my fucking back
waxed and was in so much pain that I am
completely out of my mind right now well
I mean what else is new question of the
day speaking of cereal I mean I mean we
talked about it a little while ago what
is your favorite cereal mine is anything
chocolatey or anything with fiber
because I just love to poop so leave
your comment let me know I want to know
your favorite cereal is and I will see
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna get some
sleep yes you know it it's Tim Gunn oh
my god how embarrassing they could work
I know I know Tim I'll try I hate the
waste years of me I'm lying I love it
all right you guys see you later Steve a
common tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments now about
you
