are you bored as you're in luck
got you hanging with Shane you're
hanging with Shane back to school back
to school we are going back to school
five points to anybody knows what that's
from so we are here at a high school and
they're team mascot is the Wildcats I
mean it's perfect now we are not filming
High School Musical 5 we're filming a
music video and I'm nervous and I'm
scared and I just farted hopefully you
didn't hear it there's people next to me
of watching me vlog hi you're probably
going to be in the video get used to me
vlogging ok never mind you're homeless
and you're masturbating want to be in
the video um so today I hear let me put
this camera round because I don't know
how close I am so I am very nervous /
excited / scared / freaking the fuck out
/ wearing a Justin Bieber jacket you
know why not and this is probably the
most intense music video that I've done
because it's a surreal school we have
like a crew and we have hopefully a lot
of people that are going to be here and
I am gonna be wearing spandex look who's
here everyone the hottest girl in school
am i yeah we'll get ready because today
you're the hottest girl in the school of
about 20 extras yes yes he just got here
oh and she's so not drunk today
Oh Shane oh you are no I'm not oh this
is a guy we know Starbucks serves
alcohol now you hear that just be ready
oh no your hair looks so good don't
sweat it up oh I love how much we talk
about our hair every time we see it's
really sad well it's cuz your hair is
like the girl version of my hair it's my
hair is pretty much the girl version of
your hair that works wait are you the
girl version of me Shane yes
huh let's do it yeah people on the
internet think we're that I'm trying to
mad sleep with you really yeah and let
me give you a hint
it's a waste of time oh my gosh you guys
look at that that's a fancy camera that
camera is fucking fancy it's the red
camera actually instead of a shoe and I
grab a black music video so I'm very
exciting that right there is a poster
board and it says Shane you suck on it
so every time I look over I just get
inspired and she's making food over
there as you can see beautiful cafeteria
food which Lauren smacked my hand for
trying to eat she okay I was disgusting
I mean you he was like I saw him like go
back to that like 300 pounds like a
Tater Tot in front of mine no fat change
came out that she was so he was like I
literally caught him like what sniffing
out his hand oh be skinny gonna look
perfect
Lauren is singing the song
Shai has hamburgers on your head give
you my supa luv dubstep break Matt it's
got every right yeah Oh chick Pam chick
pick up like a Bam Bam pow your burger
bar gonna keep me waiting cuz ramen yeah
booty pop booty pop oh it's lunchtime
and Brie has a burrito oh my god it's so
much skin that's the size of your
Clinton bird you know it's true it's
true for you so we have been working and
now we're eating so delicious how's
yours that was sexual ah boo finger
lickin bingo looking good and I can't
because I am in a bottom half of a
superhero suit but I can't get out of
so what if I shit in this shoot you
think oh yeah you know you don't have to
wear the hamburger buns all day
if you're in character
you'll be swallowing that chicken hole
help you in character yeah believe the
hype everybody all right so right now
Shawn is giving us all a kissing lesson
no need don't try this at home okay you
could get pregnant by yourself oh god
don't get before it okay is that get a
nuvaring in your mouth okay yeah
gentlemen today what you doing he's sexy
yes I see I'm ready for him but what you
do is there's nearly enough space to fit
a nuvaring right here okay
Indian you place it you trying to
swallow his mouth that's what you trying
to do uh-huh oh that was you yeah and
you keep them that way if he struggle he
can't read he can't breathe he cannot
breathe you suck his breath and he dies
he what no you gonna let it go before he
pass out just right befo but you hold on
tight that's the suction the Linnaean
nuvaring ho okay who here knows the song
smell yo dick
reason number one why America was
terrible
something's going on can I smell yo dick
play me like a fool so disturbing but I
like it louder people you gonna do lemme
smell your dick why you gonna oh man
five in a motor sergeant's going yeah
clap can I smell yo she wants to smell
it don't get me like a fool pink I did
see anybody to do the n-word what
happened to me
that ain't offensive come on buddy get
back into it wait what part it's uh I
don't know that word blank I'm her
father my son's gonna judge me like a
fool wha hey what's up you guys I am
very tired very gay looking and very I
mean are we surprised um today was a
very long day and tomorrow is gonna be
another very long day and I said very a
lot of very times in this very video so
there you go very go question of the day
what is your favorite word is it berry
is it peanut butter is it rock
that's a terrible question of the day
whatever okay I'm tired all right love
you guys I will see you tomorrow for day
two of the video shoot and I cannot wait
for you guys to this video I'm so
excited it's cray-cray and the song by
the way is called super love if I didn't
tell you that before so hashtag super
love y'all ah I love the guys I super
love you guys god I wish I could take
that back there was such a say bye see
the common tongue Shane's Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video
like those guys and those girls too well
let their comments now about you
