are you hey guys make it work make it
work okay confession time
I might be watching Project Runway don't
judge me that's the face of judgment Tim
I swear this dress is gonna look great
okay it's just gonna have both breasts
and vagina revealed but it's gonna be
totally new and inventive and you don't
like it you like anything I doubt so yes
that is my current guilty pleasure right
now leave me alone so today's gonna be
fun we have Alisa coming over and her
mom is coming over to meet my mom it's
gonna be mom's day very exciting
I hope there's lots of breastfeeding oh
and I think we're gonna do some kind of
challenges with them I think we're gonna
have our moms go head-to-head and do
some like chubby bunny maybe or cinnamon
challenge or salt and ice challenge or
whatever the fuck all the challenges are
that are coming out every single day
that don't make any sense
peanut butter challenge I just made that
up sounds good though just picking out a
feather boa everyone's at the bars hello
baby st. Patrick's Day we are in my prop
closet
oh hi look at my jacket Ellen Goss dude
yeah what do you think muffins this one
shit
ooh we don't like people that shed right
all right so we are going to actually
why don't you explain what's going on
right now well we are about to make an
epic challenge video with our mothers
they're having a very serious
conversation upstairs yeah they're like
talking about each other's like dreams
and goals and stuff but they're also and
vaginas and they're also dressed like
five-year-olds so this is very exciting
like really seriously speaking but
dressed like babies exactly I mean
just having a serious conversation while
wearing fruit on their heads
that's definitely your mom that's
definitely my mom this is like a Tyler
Perry movie that's what we're gonna look
like in about 20 years you music eh I
mean I am the woman in 20 years there
are two lesbians I'm a woman right now
alright so right now we are filming a
chubby bunny challenge so this is Lisa's
mom everybody say hi this is my mom you
guys know obviously she's wearing a hat
this is Shane and a shirt so who do you
guys think he's gonna win mom oh no I'm
gonna win don't ya don't you be a
Kimberley Locke maybe have confidence
like this she got yes chubby bunny
it is evened it so like she's nothing in
her mind can you guys be sure she's
doing stick this is scissors I'm in
mourning my mom put a bunch more you did
anything
don't you oh don't scare it
don't scare well-deserved um the dogs
are here to clean it up
Oh gotta catch'em ah listen you ching
chong Wong ding dong dong okay come on
that was slightly offensive and I loved
it although your hair she got I don't
know if you guys noticed this but you
got a little extension edge I did kind
of agent kind of like it you just gonna
have long blonde extensions dude kind of
right no in Japan they do weird shit
they poop on each other you know I love
about Asians I think that the ones that
they gave they dress so cute and they're
you do you they're so into everything
and they're just so cute and they're so
into everything agree with me there's so
in Ephesus yeah no I love Asians oh fuck
love ya he's unsurprised hey I know all
rights to do some kind of a Pokemon
dance well I mean you're wearing the
fucking whatever that is we shall your
tail first you shake that punky ass damn
this is the most unsexual thing I think
I've ever seen in my life it's a really
good though oh wait oh here we go
Baron out here now bow down and
now like barnyard music the point I
watch this cow music it just has
screaming Darrin arrow no don't how long
is this gonna take
here here hurry go got ya oh oh my god I
need a moment huh okay I'm good happy to
be wearing this under the pokemon suit
oh my god I just I want all of that I
mean what what pokemons well you don't
like my dress but I look like a Mexican
Demi Lovato how could you hate me easily
just kidding whatever your name is
yes that's Project Runway again perfect
bookend to this vlog so I just got back
home sorry I didn't film much today it
was just kind of a crazy day and I've
been frantically getting ready for the
music video tomorrow oh my god I'm so
nervous I have to get up in like five
hours there's not a clock on my wrist
would it be cool if there was that would
make sense then uh instead I just look
like a gay guy who is about to bite
which is what's going to happen in this
music video huh so I'm very excited I'm
going to show you guys the entire
experience tomorrow so it's gonna be two
days so that's gonna be a lot of me in
spandex so bring a barf bag alright you
guys I love you question of the day what
is your favorite that was a bad burp
I've done bigger that's what she didn't
say yeah it is okay here's a good
question of the day what time do you
usually go to bed I usually go to bed at
6 a.m. so what time do you go to bed I
want to know if there's any other crazy
night owls out there where all right I
love you guys I'll see you later Dolly
says bye bye y'all
Dolly's tits say bye bye you all feel
like they're deeper you know just Basie
alright little guys
the comment on Shane's Facebook wall you
might find yourself in tomorrow's video
like those guys and those girls do well
let their comments now about you
