if your party a guess is here Kate and
fancy huh yeah and we're in the car and
I'm driving and this is very unsafe and
yeah do you want to die no are you sure
I'm positive
Michael Jackson's in heaven get mad and
I mean let's be honest you really know
where he is we know where he stands like
I think yous in heaven he's a new stop
it girl too soon
Whitney ha ha ha heaven you bad they
hate you now my black fans hate you they
never knew me ha ha ha ok so today we're
gonna have some fun but also the music
video shoot is coming up this weekend so
I got to get my hair cut
I got to get some clothes I gotta have
sex with Pam yeah and uh I got after I
take a shit no you know I heard I don't
know who I heard this from some whore
but she told me that if you have sex so
while you have to take a shit you're you
have a big orgasm yeah so just that make
you more Hospital
no like it makes it feel like you're
full of dick oh I mean most of it is
chick
the more you know doo-doo-doo-doo here
we are at the mall because we cuz we
think we're 16 especially with that
shirt girl yeah imma give a fuck yo
titties ain't 16 maybe pounds all right
Pam
make a wish make one he's Wayne duration
right go well I can't see oh there is
there is oh this is what sex with Queen
Latifah is like I just realized there's
children everywhere yeah
they'll learn uh-oh it's almost in
almost in almost in almost in almost in
almost in come on Queen suck it up fuck
oh come on oh yeah wow this is boring um
huh BAM now sorry you in there
guess what you guys the worlds colliding
Pam is finally meeting Shana was it
what's your first impression Shaun a
little fuck what stand next to shot each
other why you guys my goddamn goddamn a
little bit you know it's a perfect just
hypo some Odebolt like oh she's that
little lie it's actually a risk she may
die okay you look so pretty today girl
add a shower yesterday so I think it
just carried okay Wendy's last time you
showered Pam today Joe ah I don't really
believe it though like a lie no I'm a
simple I'm sure a beggar holiday I just
did pop it out in your video oh you did
flop everything out okay wait let it
flop on the on the side of the table
again I want to see this I want to like
okay is this crazy but I want to stand
over there somebody film it and then for
you to drop him on my head oh my god
rings were questioning I'm not a shit
I've had friends requested it let's
gently diet your kid something if he
passes out I just wanted to be saved
this is
and you got the backup for this I'm like
nervous okay you should be scared I'm
just letting you know you're ready Shane
oh my god do you have do you have
insurance
oh I don't want to hurt you okay we
should put a pillow in case he following
oh you're not thank you
you ready oh my god okay ready Shane yes
that was just the middle they just with
a sigh hey okay now stand under my balls
okay you guys so I just recovered from
having a tip dropped on the head yeah we
put ice on it but we were just talking
right now about Shana and I think I want
to do for the love of Shana a new
YouTube reality series where we find you
true love how do you feel about it fuck
you come on Chinese we gonna find you
that's it fuck yeah oh you say fuck yeah
oh yeah okay so for you got to say the
top five things you're looking for cuz
all you guys watching and some girls
right no I'm Loki J now no that's right
she calls Pam low key chain this is that
little sticker in your pocket okay so
five things number one what do you look
about somebody who can handle this my
boob in that day perfect to a male
through our chick three Jamin took a
three and a job for them done it can pay
for my bills to five got a job and no
good can pay for my big O's and have a
functional penis who kids if they are a
child or how old are these people Oh
sons like one forty-five year old me oh
boy
if you have any of these five qualities
leave a video response saying what you
would do with China on a first date and
then we'll do a video where you watch
them and critique them yeah yeah let's
do that
yeah looking for love y'all this 2012
the Mayan calendar is ending I can't die
alone long no real sad let's keep it
real I mean I got a little keychain but
it's not the same I it's not the same as
their fulfilling love every week we'll
do an update and then well you'll go on
dates with them and we'll film it okay
that could be awkward as fun be like
what's happening y'all how's it going it
was really funny wasn't it Shana haha
what do you wanna get at my lips nicely
y'all go fuck that now I was being Conan
oh and somebody who's also cool with me
not you know giving them the bad oh
that's right cuz Shana does not give it
up yes that's right I am celibate March
20 foot it out March 26 you said no he
said you know what he did he won't put
it out there
I'll keep something about my no keep it
up this is inspiring very sorry but you
can't end it you can edit a shit out red
nobody know Lee sure I think this is
very inspiring you guys this is a reason
me and Shana get along so well
so what tell them March 26 will be five
years since I started regrown my hymen
that's right regrowing I had LA City and
a fair I'm tripping up you know that's
not really happens yes I did there's
something like what happy you don't go
on the zipper but I'm trying to regrow
it you know so if you get to seven years
it's just my theory cuz I like the
number seven and ten is just too damn
far oh this is bad
and then I could get a husband so you're
a born-again virgin I'll be a born-again
virgin and there's actually a surgery
Heinemann again serious if there's a
real surgery by now do you know what
this mmm-hmm I got one of my bullets I'm
gonna pop it anybody put it in the bank
come on Miley wants a little bit of your
hot pocket just give him a little bit of
tease tease oh oh huh Miley's allergic
to hot pockets fuck you
okay so since she's eating a hot pocket
and we have obviously made a mess over
here with cookies and food eating shit I
mean this looks like shit II can't see
it so discovery yeah okay right there
okay then I mean you're sure it says no
no no I'm so yep
so question of the day what's your
favorite like midnight snack mine is
nuts
it's literally literally what's yours
Shawna ha poppies with Tapatio what's
yours cookies sent a fake they want to
say weed yes what's yours all right
what's yours what's yours charlie my
spit oh do you ever take my finger my
buddy oh yeah
you know you gotta go on two dates
before you get off acre all right you
guys it's late so we're gonna go to bed
together oh yeah with this hot pocket I
don't know finish it I like the smell of
it on your breath but I'm in did I get
it shit
you would I believe probably all right
you guys see later Steve comment
time Shayne's Facebook wall you might
find yourself in tomorrow's video like
those guys and those girls do well let
their comments now about you
