are you born as fuck with you're in luck
cuz you here with Shane you know just a
green screen a camera and a kid typical
day in my life and I'm wearing lipstick
a little bit hey who are you playing
today I'm playing the poor unfortunate
wheelchair kid yeah poor unfortunate
you're the awesome magical wheelchair
kid and here's his mom and uh how did he
get in a wheelchair um it was a magical
it was Disneyland Disneyland all the
ride you got the cut on the ride but uh
and how did you get in wheelchair um
well I mean it could have been wait
you're walking miracle so we are filming
a video and I'm very excited just want
to show you guys a little behind the
scenes action there's this but hang oh
yeah yeah
and we got to get back to work but look
at my tripod there's throw-up all over
it yeah god I should've told you that
before I put it right in pretty face why
is it pink
don't ask hey guys has everybody been
lately it's been a while what are you
eating
no Paco you're like how packets not
really the hey there's a huge box of
those from myzel eater here I'm Zane
what is your shirt sir it says what dews
have you really paid there's a hip-hop
festival called pay dues and they booked
a bunch of stupid acts so it's kind of a
joke you know I'm saying god yeah not
really but kind of ooh you should put
these on I got a costume today and it
came with two fake boobs underneath the
shirt oh no
we want to see the whole thing Oh God
this just got weird I wish my boobies
were that big no that's a puree haven't
you ever put on fake sleep for as long
as you do nice Colima hot pocket perfect
just like Kirstie Alley where's the
lemurs those are kind of droopy yeah
pretty good I look good getting great I
look beautiful
well disturbing what do you think mom my
movies right I don't even know what to
say to that he or she is everybody the
star of The Hunger Games although you
kind of look like Anne Frank who do you
think she is I don't know take a guess
No just take a lot of guts take it like
who what do you think she did a nurse No
do you think she sat on the back of the
bus yes do you know who Rosa Parks is
this is this is children who's in Frank
no seriously look who just rolled up
everybody looking all classy in her
orange dad look how fancy you look girl
what do you where were you I was at the
bank just giving up all my money I'm so
mad like I my mom is awkwardly standing
behind you Weiss
I mean that was so weird oh I hope they
get hit by that FedEx truck come on come
on come on come on come on get hit get
hit get hit your head
ah it missed you did say did there
really I mean you know just like every
other man
you know maybe missing baby I'll make
you feel real good inside Wow look at
this mother-daughter duo okay maybe give
any uh any secrets here Shauna you want
well what happened was Giri a mad oh no
was job oh no it was oh no I'm getting
them to do but me and they do know they
had a child in Yahoo when I was two and
she's only oh and I'm figuring you wait
less you try to do the mouth pop yeah
good you my daughter Yuma new genetics
hey oh wait no for her first time that
one man this is a disturbing so Shawna
Shawna what did you think of Lucy's
performance in my last video
baby seriously I didn't talk to your mom
you with a little bit too real with the
hood shit a little bit too real
I don't know what you'd be watching at
night kind of thought you'll be reading
yeah but that shit what you had in your
eyes was dead haha thank you before you
understand you was pregnant ass club
okay
oh they be cheap pregnant for yeah I
just something that my yeah what about
her favorite popsicle flavor it's my
favorite and I think you got different
I'm kidding oh I'm killing kids one day
to town a shirt that she it's too late
for her
save yourselves oh it's too late for her
this is this is part of the reason I
love my life I mean you look like Snooki
do sneaky and present we're just two
meatballs getting smash
yeah what does that mean like you or not
but I she said yeah she doesn't she
should look do a little battle dance
Brent Brent Brent Brent Brent Brent
Brent Brent Brent Brent freestyle Alton
masked fist bump
man vamp Brandt brown brown brown brown
brown okay perfect
we've embarrassed you enough is it cut
Wow you lost a bunch of weight is tiring
welcome welcome to The Hunger Games Oh
be picking two of you to be tribute 'la
how scary is this and by scary I mean
sexy what do you think muffins do you
want to be in The Hunger Game
just running away doesn't want any of
this it's a romantic night here
very romantic this is romantic
I mean this is this is true romance
right here
listen it's romance because baby crying
in the background there's a baby crying
Becca we saw well that's not him but
sitting there where she was was Chris
Helen from American Idol and you didn't
know that was and I probably shouldn't
admitted that I knew that was okay so
it's been very romantic I'm pretty sure
that's Kate Lee Coco Loco okay wherever
we go
you always think he's seeing someone I
do see someone family you do not you
thought you saw John Malkovich it was
just some really dangerous
I shan't head listen you made a thing in
the white supremacist aim hey you know
white supremacist gangs are famous too
sure uh so no so we had all year closed
yeah my really caught em e gently fall
wait let me do it yeah this better so I
had a long day of filming you had a long
day of what you do is everything I got
my hair color today took care of the
kids and she came to the use oh and we
got challenged to do some kind of a
cracker challenge but I've already done
this but you haven't yeah exoticjess
challenged us to eat ten saltine
crackers in a minute I mean hello my
childhood
throw some peanut butter on those bad
boys give me 30 seconds that's gonna
make me poop real bad whoo now I kinda
want to do it so question of the day
what's your guys's favorite restaurant
or place to go to eat what's yours
you have antennae so ya know oh this is
my favorite place what is this place
called don't say we don't want this but
I'm so one of those hipster people where
I'm like I don't want the place I go to
to be popular because then I'm not gonna
want to go there I'll find something
else this really is one of my favorite
places and I think that's why you and I
bonded it is yeah is that what you call
this bond a mile on our first date we
did what that was you said it was a
friend's night
so leave a comment tell me what's your
favorite restaurant
ah hey what's up you guys
I am literally on like 2% battery life
right now so I'm gonna end the vlog Wow
my hair has gotten way too fucking long
holy shit
I'm not even guys told me anyways uh
today was a fun day hopefully you guys
had fun hanging with me I had found a
hanger with you and I will see you
tomorrow if you're wondering what I'm
constantly looking at it's all the
people staring at me while I'm vlogging
hi no no I'm not Jodie Foster no I know
I look just like her
okay I mean I really do look like Jodie
Foster with this hair oh my god I mean
just put your fingers through it look at
the beautiful layers are you guys I love
you bye Steve a common tongue Shane's
Facebook Wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
Oh
