cuz if your watch fog or your luck cuz
you're hanging it with Shay guess who's
here
ah Barney oh it's Lauren
I mean purple pants can you explain why
you proposed have you guys
that's a terrible impression that's her
shane impression hey what's up you guys
it's a little bit more like this
hey what's a peacock me I was right hey
wow you know I wasn't gonna fuck you in
those purple pants but now I might so
right now we are going over the script
that I wrote from a Saturday video which
is a Hunger Game spoof and what I do is
I read the script to Lauren
while she's ignoring me on her cell
phone and then she doesn't laugh and
then I say perfect any changes and she
goes well and then I go okay perfect
anyways it's really it makes somebody it
makes you feel good good good you should
feel good I mean you feel good enough to
wear those pants hmm I honestly thought
she's wearing pajamas and I was like
pajama party she got really offended
because she is always wearing pajamas
not today I mean Lauren just stop
picking am I not get your hands out of
there save some for Charlie never so we
just got done having a little meeting
and Lauren did great you did great Jenko
I mean thank you she had a big head
though because she was bragging about
you want to come show everybody okay
thank you
finally Sabrina Poe to connect and enter
tits and a huge tip we're getting my
Beauty finally Chris oh that's supposed
to be Lauren mmm busy yeah wait can you
please stand next to that gurney Wow
it's so weird cuz she doesn't look like
she doesn't like him I mean it's just
wow oh my god that was scary because I
went from hug you to you to you what do
you think mom my mom is also the nicest
person in the world what do you think
muffins muffins are you afraid of
Lauren's beauty mmm-hmm
a little bit mm-hmm what do you think of
me my things why do you like Lawrence my
god all right so you should go out of my
house
hey what's up you guys
so that is Chris Crocker's new song I
want to show him a little love because
he has let me use his song I want Jill
by about 20 million times without me
having to pay him anything so thank you
Chris that is his new song it's called
locked up lovers check it out on iTunes
um oh my god is that the reaction after
you start listening to Chris Crawford
music you start coughing up come I like
it so since today was pretty much just
me and Lauren talking for hours about
schedules and a lot of boring stuff that
you guys don't care about I decided to
do rapid-fire ask Shane ah rapid-fire
which means I'm going to be answering
your guys's questions really really fast
with really really stupid answers and I
might even be honest on some of them PS
sorry if these vlogs have been kind of
boring this week honestly we've been
planning the music video so I haven't
really gone out of my house I think
tomorrow will be better okay so ready
rapid-fire here we go
Valerie says Shane if you were to create
a video game what would it be uh if I
create a video game it would be
something where me and that's a raven
and Liz McGuire and Gordo would go on a
picnic and we'd have to figure out what
we're gonna eat it's not very exciting
and I would eat Raven Farah wants to
know Shane we all know it's true that
you and Lisa are dating can you confirm
it confirm it ah
I'm not gonna confirm it you know I'm
gonna wait for her to confirm that let's
just say we're getting married and
having children three of them to be
exact
she already has two in her stomach she
just doesn't know yet my sperm work fast
you know you don't even have that sex
with me Connie said Shane have you ever
made a video where you thought you went
too far and offended too many people how
can you offend too many people in my
book if you don't offend everybody you
haven't done anything so the answer is
no Ramsay says if you could punch any
celebrity who would it be and why
that is so mean I mean why would I want
to even Khloe Kardashian and I'd punch
her in the balls hard Jillian wants to
know Shane are you can see The Hunger
Games when it comes out um probably not
but I am doing a spoof of the Hunger
Games this week with Sheneneh I've never
seen it or read the book so it's going
to be interest
hey I was gonna do a video where Paris
Hilton was like Hunger Games huh
I always win that game Raven loses Gemma
wants to know what are the three things
you hate about being a guy honestly I
don't really hate any of it I mean I
don't have periods I don't have sore
boobs I don't have to have a baby I
don't have to wax my vagina I have it
pretty good I don't have to straighten
my hair oh wait I don't have to wear
makeup
oh wait am i a woman yeah Julie wants to
know Shane what would your black name be
well Julie that is extremely racist but
I'm gonna say Shane Dawson : hashtag the
third I wasn't saying the n-word you
guys yes it was
circe Lee wants to know Shane what's the
best family moment you've ever had well
sir Salee probably taking my mom and my
brother to Disney World because they had
never been on a plane before and we had
never been to Disney World so that was a
lot of fun except I passed out the next
day and I ended up in the hospital for
the rest of the vacation so they got to
have fun without me which is probably a
lot of fun for them Amy wants to know
Shane can you show us your penis yeah
okay why not
I mean I've been teasing it for so long
I might as well just take it out that's
weird
I thought I had one huh everything has
been a lie who am i what am I where am I
who is this what's happening Austin
wants to know if you could eat any of
your friends who would it be and why I
think this question is very obvious and
I would eat Shauna for a few different
reasons one because her boobs hold about
as much meat as the entire buffet line
at Souplantation
second is because I love my dark meat
third is because black people are always
greased up I mean you don't have to put
butter on it you could just put in your
mouth feel like that's racist but it's
not right I mean I'm calling black
people delicious that's good all right
you guys hopefully enjoy those stupid
questions so here is my question of the
day for you if you could eat any
celebrity who would it be and I will see
you guys tomorrow and I promise tomorrow
I'll leave the garage probably not all
right I love you guys
Steve a common
on Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too
well let their comments now about you
you
