he was a guy vitamin Destry welcome back
to you what the fuck five you look
really good today so we've talked about
some pretty weird deaths on this series
deaths from demons deaths from children
deaths from celebrities the one that we
haven't talked about yet is deaths from
pets and I don't know about you but when
I imagine a pet I think of a fluffy
adorable creature if I can share my
depression and hates its life equally as
much as I hate mine like this thing
itches well I guess that answers that
that's every day but about five times
outside pets that have killed their
owners so number one Cynthia Lee gamble
so Cindy Lee gamble was an exotic cat
enthusiast who ran the Center for
endangered cats in her hometown in
Minnesota
she's been a trained specialist for
years where she specialized in her
knowledge on leopards but one day when
she was feeding the animals she somehow
got locked into the cage with a
500-pound Bengal tiger and was mauled to
death and no one really knows how she
got locked inside only that being in the
cages that all was prohibited so it was
weird that she was even in there at all
but also know this isn't the first time
the Tigers have been known to just
randomly snap Las Vegas entertainer -
Siegfried and Roy were actually attacked
by a tiger in 2003 which left Roy
partially paralyzed this is why I don't
trust Oni the type because he tells me a
serial is great or whatever but what he
doesn't say is that a serial is probably
laced with betrayal
number two Kelly and wall so wife Cindy
Lee gamble 37 year old Kelly and walls
was an exotic animal enthusiast who
looked after a ton of rare animals in a
place called the role of reptiles just
outside of her hometown in Allentown
Pennsylvania
in addition @just reptiles though the
house of reptiles also held Jaguars
probably asshole backstabbing tigers and
bears
one night when Kelly was cleaning the
bear enclosure a 350 pound black bear
attacked her and she was pronounced dead
at the scene
apparently Kelly would often throw a
handful of dog food on the other side of
the cage while she cleaned it but it
didn't work on the night of her death
after her death it was discovered that
the house of reptiles was operating
under an expired license and that most
of the blame of the park safety
procedures fell on her husband who was
an exotic animal dealer okay what the
hell is an exotic animals feelin like a
guy you can see on the street like yo
man what diet doesn't know that's that's
okay thanks I had the best deals on
poisonous frogs buy one get one free
know what so thank you wait I didn't
tell you about my bestie 5/14 tarantula
get two free it's not even a good deal
number three mark Vogel this next one
freaks me the fuck out in this world
there is nothing I'm more afraid of than
spider it's like deathly afraid Ron
Weasley ain't got shit on if I was
walking in the Forbidden Forest like
that scene from the Chamber of Secrets
and Harry was like well just take it
miss spider-infested tunnel I would tell
that motherfucking scar headed limey
fuck to go eat a dick and choke on a sin
tartar a fucking hate spider anyway so
yeah it's mark Vogel with a 30 year old
man who had a hobby of collecting creepy
and poisonous text so we owned over 200
insects reptiles and other creatures
that made you question this man sanity
so one day in his apartment complex his
neighborhood called the front office to
complain about a weird smell that was
coming from his apartment and police
arrived they said it looked like a scene
from a horror movie as his limp body was
draped over his couch covered in spider
web with spiders crawling in and out of
his mouth nose and eyes hmm no no after
an autopsy was discovered that he was
killed from a bite from the Black Widow
which I unfortunately you have to show
you a picture of Oh God
okay huh huh I am going to have just the
worst dreams today here's the thing how
about just don't buy a shitload of
spiders that can fucking kill you do you
like living in fear
knowing that one day your life could be
over if you came home and we're like oh
look one of my dangerous and sucks
fighters got out of his cage I'm so fun
number four grant Williams denied snakes
being creepy creatures they could
actually be surprisingly gentle pet
which is why I was odd when police found
grant Williams facedown in a pool of
blood in his apartment with a 13 foot
Burmese python wrapped around his body
Fairley Grant and his brother Lamar had
only recently bought the snake but
eventually wanted to open up a business
where they take care of snakes but had
no idea how to do it unfortunately that
dream was obviously cut short as there
was more than likely a feeding issue and
grants may have been mistaken as food
which makes you wonder like do they even
check for anything before someone walked
into a pet store and is like hello yes I
would like to purchase that 13 foot
animal that could kill me instantly sure
here you go
thank you like an easy brigade that a
lot of times our pets could more than
likely kill us if they wanted to and
especially snakes like remember that
old-ass lady from Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows and find her own
business and advance a snake somehow
uses her skin at the coast could happen
anyone I've been mentioning Harry Potter
a lot this video sorry but finally at
number 5 Pam Weaver so this last one is
probably be weirdest one on this list
mostly because of how the woman died and
from what animal - Pam Weaver was again
another exotic pet lover who didn't
specialize in bears or Tigers or creepy
crawlers but instead died from her pet
camel and you're probably wondering how
the fuck can a camel kill someone well
it turns out that Pam was humped to
death by her camel as for some reason he
was just incredibly horny surprisingly
this kind of thing happens a lot
especially in Mexico only there are
people pay to see it happen and it's a
horse I wouldn't know from experience I
only know about it because one of my
ex-girlfriends is probably out doing it
right now the camel which was given to
Pam as a pet from her husband Noel was
actually notorious for this sort of
behavior and even raped the family's pet
goats dude what is with this camp never
heard of fucking consent dog Jesus so
yes unfortunately Pam who was 60 at the
time of the attack didn't survive the
assault and was pronounced dead on the
scene
well I no longer trust any of my pet
care kitty Levitt if it is episode of
both above 5 hopefully you guys enjoyed
it maybe did make sure to give it a like
and also subscribe to this channel I
took a couple weeks off but I am back
now so it is lovely to see all of you
great cases once again especially yours
like I said you're looking
I don't know what it is you just turning
me on a lot I was a camel I would try to
have sex with you right now what I don't
know before we guys go make sure to
check out my channel youtube.com slash
cat Beth Beth I recently put up a video
of me doing the Harry Potter Potter more
quizzes where I was doing my Patronus
and house sorting and all that and yeah
I'm still a little bit disappointed
because of this it's a rat it's
literally or a rat my fucking Patronus
is a field mouse dude what the fuck is a
few bounce Patronus gonna do not
intimidating at all make sure to check
out that video by clicking right there
or you can check out the link in the
description down below that's it guys
I'll see you next time for another one's
about 5 thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
