lights camera pimp haha yo man what's up
we here filming a video and guess who I
got a bitch you haven't seen in a while
and she's back hey guys that's all she
had to say uh yeah kiss the chain girl
get in there in there you know how much
that chain was $12.99 says it right
there ain't that the truth as you guys
don't know tell everybody a real name
Rachel Whitman and um you might remember
me from the Halloween special yes as the
character of Brent and she plays an
idiot but she is a really smart person
he's lying I'm not really that smart not
really that smart not good not a good
actress not at all
well hairy chest is here ha my hairy
chest standin is on the way I can't wait
to meet him what are you doing I'm Ted
see my brother oh man what does he do
you doing I'm filming you I'm texting
you you texting me
yo yo yo yo yo yo I felt racist man what
are you doing check check this both your
nostrils shot
what nostril shot oh I got it I'm gonna
upload this shit to your Facebook I'm
gonna blow up your page sdz you smell
like popcorn
again yeah no wait can we make out
oh I'll be like yeah sexy man this is
just the week of maids right I'm saying
I just do what I do you know I wake up I
get dressed how I'm feeling that day
who knew we're gonna be filming
something I guess today lucky wow this
is like the help to more help
yeah yeah this is for I need help
this is like you were in jail with the
tattoos and then you got out and now
you're like trying to start your life
over you know fucking I found Jesus I
found that I want to be a woman in jail
I just want to help people it's nice
what do you think like you don't want to
help anybody do she doesn't want to help
herself guys it's pretty sad I am so
excited to be sitting with you I loved
you in the help Greg is bitch huh
what is that man means on cookware day
raise your chance
oh thank you I don't have time the
doctor the doctor so that my eggs have
been scrambled since Cancun I believe
that too oh my god I'm so excited I've
never had a real black friend before
I've only had like one on the Sims Wow
and I always try to see her naked cuz I
want to see if it's the same it's not I
know I heard your clit spurple yeah from
getting burned oh fuck oh oh is that
true no I'm kidding I'm kidding no I'm
not I'm kidding but really Oh anyway so
we're sitting here eating poopie pie
it's my favorite do you call your
butthole poopie play
other peoples buttholes weren't eating
their mouth
do you eat out but you don't yes but I
mean I thought that was something only
me and every Japanese girl did no I mean
if you bleh you got fat yes
huh if you black oh my god no I always
heard in high school everybody's like
every black person's on crack I thought
they were talking about drugs but
they're not see oh we gotta keep filming
I'll see you guys soon I'm lying no I
won't nice you just came out of my
bellybutton what'd you see in there
probably lots of hair lint tears don't
ask why but there's lots of Tears in
there so hey what's up you guys it was a
long day of filming obviously you can
see this hair don't lie
oh my head online filming was long and I
want a doll you know I don't want to die
I'm very excited I have an editing all
day after everybody went home you can
see right there
I'm edited and um I thought to end the
day we should play would you rather
today a new theme song for that okay
random page ready but on the page on
page random random band there we go
would you rather have sex with
celebrities with let that's complicated
and it's just sex everything's xxx right
here we go
this one's better would you rather be
able to park in handicapped places or be
able to make fun of the retarded with no
guilt wow that's terrible I don't want
to answer that but I think you all know
my answer handicaps faces come on I make
fun of retarded people already kidding I
love my retarded viewers are they
retarded viewers I mean if you're
watching me you're probably retarded
okay here's a good one
would you rather have your butthole
located in the palm of your hand or on
the top of your foot I mean that's an
easy one right I mean I don't think I'm
ever going to be able to find a girl
that's like yeah let's try anal sex
so do it myself bitch oh I'm kidding
that's disgusting I'm not kidding so
leave your comment what's your answer
what's your would you rather butthole
here or on the foot I like to keep it
classy here on youtube.com slash a
all right you guys I love you have a
good day thanks for hanging with me I
will hang with you tomorrow let's spin
in a circle and throw up take it like
the common tongue
Shane's Facebook wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well let their
comments now
about you
