are you poor it as a duck well you're in
luck good hang machine but I guess what
you guys
today we're filming a video and guess
who's gonna be another finally Lauren
finally this is your moment this is your
moment that's not how it goes
let the pro do it oh ha ha ha got that
says Muhammad Muhammad man
she's playing a desperate housewife I
mean doesn't get any more desperate than
this like the Felicity Jones ugly wine
number yeah wait you're the one that
like used to be a man or all right to
practice your line what did you like I
think it is look what you did to my
daughter I felt that that was intense I
was like precious and the academy award
goes to actually know what speaking of
precious I just saw the help that really
really that relates um and listen that
girl that won the Oscar was good in the
movie but I mean really I think the
other black girl is better right well
here's the thing the other black girl
should have been nominated also for
supporting Supporting Actress if they
made her like the best actress she was
not the lead actress in that movie had
she been up for support
she woulda won right she was so much
better stone was the lead of that movie
she would have been in that category she
was okay
would you get nominated now and she
chemin she was fine she's good her hair
I don't know whatever I mean really when
you're gonna talk about it right now cuz
the scariest together so this video just
got better cuz guess who's here BAM
it's my favorite little actress you're
getting really good I mean you've always
been good don't get me wrong but you're
getting like Oscar good I mean not like
Pelle very good but like violet Spencer
good
you don't know if I bet is do you well
neither do the people like so uh tell
everybody what you're doing today I am
hey girl 1 and girl - yes but I gave you
a name this time well actually your girl
won but in the other video we're doing
you're going to be Gabi the chola have
you ever been in chola before just every
day of your life I mean those are chola
boots
do your best chocolate dance move I
don't know just lean with it rock with
it lean with it rock with it lean ah get
it get it I'll lean with it rock with it
I mean I don't know if that's chola or
handicap but maybe maybe like dip it to
the floor a little Oh like dip it low
dip it low bring it down slow well I
don't want with junk on your back bump
that was Wow like this video for
pedophilia right yeah so right now
Lauren is doing
Lucy's Chola makeup and I mean this is
just a dream come true right Lauren so
what are you doing right now I'm putting
a highlighter on open her eyes oh yeah
don't stop work hard don't kill not oh
she will she will gag on good mushy win
don't work you don't know thank you fine
thank you finally I'm well oh my god is
so artistic it's like a dog on video
yeah oh my god you guys guess who's here
Lady Gaga from the telephone video oh my
god it's her
hello hello behind you in there bang no
you don't know that something yeah I
know it but I'm not gonna do we have any
hairspray Oh God
knowing my mom yes and it's Aqua Net
just a taste of how my directing goes
okay Lucy ready and my favorite flavor
of popsicle is dick go my favorite
flavor is popsicle dick all right now
start with it in your mouth and then it
comes out and nothing is it my favorite
favorite popsicle is dick go
my favorite would like not you guys look
opponent
yeah if it's slobbery that's better yeah
and look in the camera the whole time
and go Lucy my favorite flavor is okay
you got this and in your mouth and go
dick oh hey there you fat little
munchkins I'm one ashamed as soon's no
characters I'm his next door neighbor
Gladys and I know what you're thinking
Oh Gladys are you just Sarah Palin in a
different wig and costume yep I mean no
I just moved here from Wisconsin or
North Dakota or South Dakota or I don't
know wherever there's farms and cows and
incest so today I'm shooting a video
with Shane where he's gonna eat my pie
literally you thought I was talking
about my vagina didn't you I wasn't I
was talking about a pie so I'm very
excited I hope you guys like because if
you don't well then fuck off you little
Mexican shits I'm just assuming you're
Mexican I always assumed everybody on
the internet is Mexican because I feel
like you don't have jobs you're bored
you're tired you ran out of porno to
watch so you scrolled onto YouTube I
mean hell that's what I do all right
I'll see you guys later babe bye why did
I see by it how would I say bye see you
guys later bye bye or no not that last
one dear Lord
that was transgendered which by the way
we just got our first transgender in
Wisconsin well she's on TV her name is
Wendy Williams I love him huh man I'm so
hungry only I had a made em that's a
pissed-off name oh great my life on
damn laughing boy hey from the bowels
yeah so right now I'm about to eat your
pie which o is over there and you know I
heard there's something delicious in it
I'm some specialist bitch oh man wait
how did this how do they say in the
movie it was like she's like what is
this special ingredient what do you I'm
a bit add vanilla from Mexico which is
like by the way like vanilla is that
really from Mexico no I heard don't
drink the water like I don't do shit on
except you know like dunkey piece is
actually good for your skin like I heard
that like 12 year old boy semen it's
really good for wrinkles no no it's
actually 11 year round because once they
get to 12
it's just not as yeah too much swimming
yes hmm
too much activity on your face I
wouldn't know Charlie do you want to eat
some of this chocolate pie I always
already eating it hope you don't die
good job Shani did great good job mom
you look beautiful good job Joe good job
world which is Sheila that was God's
laughs so Bhoomi wait it's like God wait
ready ready God do you think I'm funny
God is black like a foot what happened I
do multiple - Wow can we make that a
training topic hashtag job like a spy
well you guys that is the end of the day
I'm going to try to edit this video go
to bed and you know each on is chocolate
hi-yah so question of the day I don't
think I did a question of the day today
yet I might've but if I didn't the
question of the day should be what's
your favorite flavor of pie what's your
favorite flavor pie
why and that was speech potato that's
like I lived in this house okay
and it's what I eat your baby well I do
know we put you back so you potato pie
that's like dinner oh that's not
repressed apple pie as well how was that
it was okay with ice cream was okay on
the mode you better say it was good
my favorite is honking or no pecan
what's your favorite pies teen pecan
much favorite pie Charlie not chocolate
as he died see you guys later
Steve a comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well let their comments
about you
