if you boys funk know you're in luck cuz
you're hanging with chain so we got mom
here in her onesie and a turtle oh it's
chilly it's chilly and it's fashionable
yeah yeah Lisa said the black matches
the ice we got Lisa here and her Jeep
fashionable outfit ready for the Oscars
try to get chained to watch the Oscars
and he hated every moment listen alright
I know I may wear wigs and I made wear
dresses and I may listen to Drake belt
but I'm not as gay as you would think
and the Oscars are so gay are you
kidding it started out with Billy
Crystal just being like it's Hollywood
no yes I do he was in um hoarsely
Blazing Saddles yeah yeah okay I wasn't
born he was it uh I don't know some
Disney movie where he was annoying
listen okay what is happening over here
okay chocolate is you know giving
Lambchop some pleasure to your credit
the Oscars were fabulous no they were
boring the only time I give a shit was
when a black person won and I stood up
and clapped besides that I don't know
who any of these people are what do you
think it was a little horn I had to turn
over to the Housewives of Atlanta yes
yeah that's reaching so what movie do
you think was the best movie this year
take orders
whores what episode the one where the
cat died after he got out what movie do
you think she had won Best Picture
oh the hell I'm not related to you wait
you should like the help it's black
people I didn't watch it Shauna wouldn't
let me she said it wouldn't make me want
to give her a hug my I think the best
movie of this year was um 13 going on 30
I've already said that before I think
that was the best question of the day
what do you guys think should have won
Best Picture any movie
think even a movie that came out five
years ago like mine what do you think
chocolate homeward bound - I don't think
that's a chocolate voice would be I
think it'd be more like yeah home about
you okay ooh ooh all right
making me uncomfortable so who's that
cameraman with that Indian sweaters Zack
Morris no uh-uh it's Laila damn what
what is that
Oh Zack Morris gotcha what's a timeout
everybody freezes my comedy all right do
it again do it again ready Tyler huh
Timon oh uh so we are back at her house
and we're filming what are we filming
right now what do you making me do well
we're gonna do the chubby bunny
challenge cuz we've been dared so okay
the question chubby bunny challenges I
don't know four years old the new
challenge is a cinnamon challenge how
come we're not doing that because you
told me that people can die that's very
true
guys is that for real someone could die
yes mom to do it and then you scared me
and there's no way I'm gonna do it if my
mom's gonna die
listen cuz um who who's gonna do my
logic I mean who's gonna clean my shitty
toilet I don't know uh no well my mom
does not your mom you know what I mean
yes a housekeeper
no by the way at least it made me burp
in her video that she just filmed and
you said I'm not allowed to burp around
you so this was I was excited I mean you
said I wasn't allowed wait what was that
a burp I know that was pathetic
my burps what what oh don't do that
again
that was like vomit I didn't like that
well we just did the chubby bunny
challenge and I'm not gonna give it away
if you want to check it out go to her
channel let's just say I'm a better
human being but I'm not gonna give it
away who won I'm just saying a lot
better human being I kind of want to
rematch rematch yeah
because listen
you Jem's it don't offer woo how it's
better if we were in the wild oh that's
our mating call okay but you've done
this challenge before and I've never
done it before so I feel like it would
only be fair
fuck it fine fine
give me fuck it let's do it again even
though I'm gonna vomit okay but to see
another one seriously gonna buy oh my
god
should we not do this yeah I really
gonna bomb no I'll be fine tseebo yeah I
gonna vom you're numb like you ready
kids
what oh yes chubby bunny BAM you're
chewing it I thought I smelled you burp
chubby buddy you're not allowed to chew
it you totally chew it finally here
cheater
chubby bunny if you cheat in high school
I was fat in high school
chubby bunny another thing I cheated on
was my weight what's a day I cheated so
bad I'd save up all I'm like telling
stories and yeah I saved up all week and
then I was just going to talk about have
50 points oh where you lied yet nope
chubby bunny tell it money tell you are
you I'm gonna be you know you're chewing
it you're swallowing them how come your
cheeks are mistook his 9mm sorry
funny I'm getting good at this I said a
whole sentence
Charlie's are you honey is that guys all
of your pants hey chubby bunny don't do
that
come come
yeah that that's bolt you cheated your
mouth is not that big bullshit I don't
believe I don't buy it no that was a
good one you had to give me credit for
that I am impressed with myself I didn't
really get Martha Mulligan but but pick
s'mores oh honey oh no oh God honestly
though like if that's what calm tasted
like oh hey there are 2002 myspace angle
how you doing haven't seen you in a
while but if I keep eating marshmallows
I'll be seeing you soon
no um today was fun I ate a lot of
marshmallows probably gained a few
pounds gonna start doing the myspace
angle to cover it and hung out with Lisa
and my mom in a turtleneck in a onesie I
mean it doesn't get any more sexual Matt
so hope you guys had fun hanging with me
I had fun hanging with you and I will be
hanging with you tomorrow
I said hanging five times didn't I can I
say it again hanging huh hang with mr.
Cooper do you guys remember that show
did I steal the name of that show for my
vlogs I think I did good all right it's
a guys later
Steve a comment on Shane's Facebook wall
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls
too well you let that comments now about
you
you
