if you're born as fuck we are in the
because you're hanging with shame but be
careful he's in saying they're Sean and
Bree shaded me there's mom they're just
dogs what fun this will be you know just
helicopters bomb squads SWAT team
typical day in my neighborhood children
on their bikes going toward the bomb
squad doesn't really seem like that good
of an idea right so right now I don't
know what's going on I from what Jared
said who is standing over there by the
way which is a bad idea because there is
machine-gun over there uh some guys like
folding people hostage and his machine
gun and there's like snipers everywhere
and I'm pretty sure I saw Samuel Jackson
running down the street or it was just a
black cop I'm hoping with Samuel Jackson
my mom is over there which is a bad idea
because did I mention those machine guns
I think I did uh she's standing
extremely close I'm not getting any
closer than this I know you guys are
gonna be like Shane run over there get
the action yeah I'm good I'm just gonna
stand over here my pajamas and live so
hopefully when Jared comes back in the
house unless he could get shot he can
give me an update on what's going on but
I'm gonna go back inside
cuz that's fucking scary alright so
since my family has literally been
outside for like four hours uh well I
was taking a shower and do my hair you
know it takes like four hours I decided
why not just go out and see what's going
on
so Jesus protect me creepy picture of
myself and drag protect me Jared rapping
just protect me ryan gosling protect me
I know you would alright let's go whoo
Channel five is here we're moving on up
I thought it was just gonna be channel 9
wait channel 5
that means white people are in danger
we're live at the scene we're here in
Los Angeles some crazy happy life
evidently someone tried the cinnamon
challenge it has been left in their
house ever since you said that the
cinnamon was bought at Ralph's they're
in this DNA right well so why is there a
SWAT team with cinnamon choice more
dangerous than we ever imagined let's
just hope for the best guys days squash
stands for super white adventurous
things yeah there's an industrial
building
like I'm in a really shitty at that shop
me we just had a cop come over try to
deter us from the truth you don't want
to let us know about the cinnamon
challenge incident it's okay we get to
the bottom of this part eighty
journalism what do you think mom well I
asked why don't you just tear handsome
but they I know I'm sorry but they had
no to know the tear gas cinnamon or a
daily combination with it you kind of
acted like they really try to get the
people up before they actually throw in
terror for dearly and you know tear gas
is something they haven't used in like
forty years
oh do not see it run yeah I don't know
obsessed with this dog wait what's a
dogs okay so when dogs are named after
period is that intentional for certain
somebody you named him after
Oh police said police it looks like a
mall cop
all right well I'm over it supposedly
the guy isn't gonna give up for a while
so hopefully nobody dies hopefully
everybody's okay and just don't do the
cinnamon challenge
all right so supposedly my mom and Jared
we're on the news okay watch okay here
we go guys
yes what where do I get my gear oh yes I
am home the 99-cent store where
everything is only 99 cents oh that's
why they call it that it all makes sense
it all makes a 99 cents how are you are
you excited yeah what are you looking
for I just found what I'm looking for
Hannah Montana stamps I'm looking for a
color to match my Nicki Minaj lips wow
those are Nicki Minaj away to your best
Nicki Minaj oh I mean you know you
could've just gone with the dog huh but
whatever how do they know how do they
know that this is exactly what I've been
looking for be honest
thank you look finally cute thank you
would you take me seriously like this
sure good here I found you one all right
yours is more of a classy lady you know
oddly enough I feel like I've seen
somebody famous wearing this no you know
what it is it's like one of those
actresses that nobody really knows her
name but they're not much you're really
shooting movies yes now I'm happy that
finally we have a middle-aged Asian doll
to play with I've been waiting
I mean I love that her accessories are
but what are those the dog bowl with me
in the 60s
well the accessories are literally just
little dog bowls and like a snowboard I
think she's a dog uh well you know oh
yeah you're looking good baby looking
low you're looking good too what'd you
get oh wow
raspberry sorbet wait was it your
pomegranate oh man yeah CCI no
justifiable reason why with this sour
things you know the compliment of tape
you don't want to delete them any time I
see somebody put something gummy made
their frozen yogurt I just
what's your judgment I mean the gonna
get started so that you're eating and
then it's just this hard block of ice
gummy gross disgusting to you about one
of the best nights of my whole life
I got an entire bag of jack-in-the-box
it was like 12:00 in the morning I
watched die hard 1 and I got a whole
thing of lemon sorbet from the grocery
store and I filled it with sour patch
kids oh and I like mix it all up with
sour patch kids were computers rock hard
I spent the entire time watching that
one picking those things out of my teeth
like your rice and I loved every fucking
second okay when was this this was like
2004 so this was before her when before
you are not obese she was like 13 years
old I had just graduated high school
well more power to you if we're gonna
enjoy that I love it
what's happening over here Oh what are
you making Neely's army by the way by
the way you filled your it's just the
bottom of this is phil was reckless you
say you judge listen I don't even want
this I only got this because I had
sampled so much I felt guilty and the
officers Warner sample cup falling to
700 degrees breathe remember
they're from oh wow you're giving us all
shoutouts
that's embarrassing never coming back
here yeah
alright you guys we are at men she's
your girl and I don't know all I know is
they have the world's biggest chalkboard
and I'm sure there's lots of n-words in
here at some point yeah we didn't just
Marmion on white so I think me and you
should have a challenge I think I'm
gonna draw you and you draw me we only
have like 10 seconds and Steve will be
the judge and the cameraman ready set
bitch go Wow Shane's done I'll take a
close-up of that you can tell it's green
because there's a notice and now in here
nice that's pretty confident dude you're
pretty confident about this oh how long
is that going to take a little brief
this is shaping up very well though I
know it's a question
all of your drawings have one yeah see
both I see both huh there you go all
right I'd say you're good let's say
you're done and I know it's also
questionable and I have a vagina I guess
I have one on my face
yeah oh yeah right there in the middle
of it right here that's your vagina
right look it's on your face huh you
want so we just got back to my house say
hi muffins nobody fucking wants to talk
to you more muffins
don't say poor muffins muffins is a
stupid idiot I'm lying I'm playing
hard-to-get muffins
anyways um she likes abuse so I thought
it would be fun to play a game since for
some reason I have a bunch of jelly
beans here okay listen listen okay the
game is close your eyes you take one you
put in your mouth and you have to guess
what flavor it is and if you're right
you get nothing
ready got really good wait let's just
clarify you have not uses the video have
you no I don't know where these came
from
yeah he's all out of your mouth oh yeah
right now all right ready shut your eyes
I'm gonna both of you shut your eyes and
I'm gonna put one in your hand
yes Hank what do you think great you're
both wrong
red yellow now give me one it's just
like your your Dustin Hoffman moment
like you're you can any color you can do
this is where my old-fashioned kicks
into high gear I'll tell you the brand
everything okay
I'm Shane a man Joey feel like this is a
trick because it's taste like a black
one but I think it's purple Oh like I
don't I don't think you give me a black
one so that's me because it's so gross
does mean it's really mean did you do
that I didn't see a close look at the
viewfinder so you know I'm fair that's
today hey you still got it though Oh God
it is 2:00 in the morning and we just
got done watching the best show ever
everybody on the count of three we're
gonna say the name of the show one two
three the paper if you haven't heard of
this it is this terribly awesome reality
show from like 2008 on MTV and we found
it well I found it I'm in love with you
on Apple TV it's about a newspaper a
school newspaper and it's like all the
drama and the main character Amanda Ober
Lorber don't you dare look Amanda Lorber
she have some fucking respect I just
followed her on Twitter you guys have
probably never heard of the show and you
probably shouldn't have but if you have
it Amanda Lorber is like I'm obsessed
with Amanda let's be very clear everyone
else I'm going to show our fucking cunts
we fucking hate all of them it's all
fucking dying a fire
they're so mean to a poor man that all
she wants to lose being editor-in-chief
it's her greatest life accomplishment
and then she shit on her she is like
listen a question of the day who's your
favorite TV character of all time -
Amanda Lorber
Amanda if you're seeing this if you're
one of your friends sees this and they
send it to you whatever just know like
can we hang out with you can we be your
biffle I would love that
before best friend for life filet e I
made a Lorber BFF yours looks good girl
don't anyone get you down
he knows looks good it does I mean like
I loved you before you got your nose job
and I still love you now here she is
right here just pointing out to the sky
there she's I hate you I hate you I hate
you I hate you I fucking hate you I
fucking hate you
I fucking hate you I'm okay with you I
really hate the guy in blue you know
which one this one yeah because they
were friends once they were even dare I
say lovers once a little bit and he
stuck a knife in her back bitch pretty
much said hey look at me look at night
for he put the knife in after he did and
he started going out with some stupid
bitch and you know what Amanda you
deserve better you deserve me I just
hate everybody who doesn't like Amanda
right which is the entire show to
everyone show so well Amanda if you're
watching this we're gonna end the vlog
with a song - you ready Oh Amanda manda
manda manda manda manda manda manda
manda manda oh yeah with all you manned
up Steve a common tongue Shane's face
football
you might find yourself in tomorrow's
video like those guys and those girls do
well to let their comments now about you
