ladies and gentlemen I give to you mr.
Drake Bell monitor English eh
you can shake my bonus we're in luck of
English aim today I bought it hey we're
in luck today
oh I'm so wet now so it'd take a Whitney
break every day that's up you guys so we
are on our way to a fun session with
some writers because we're trying to
have fun
Josh cuz you know we want to make a
movie this year
star-lord it'll be called sad face no
but we're meeting with writers stuff
because honestly like writing a whole
movie I've never done it before and I
need some help like I don't I don't know
how to do that I've written down I'm
really dumb I've written like 20 minute
videos and that's I needed like a movie
is like times ten of those so I need
some help be healthy it could be a long
epic miniseries apparently to extend
excited and then after that I think
we're gonna go eat at my favorite
restaurant chlorinate diarrhea is in my
future today you know what else is in
your future high notes with Whitney I
hit it you didn't get over it Oh Lauren
that's me and you I'm her by the way oh
my god this office is insane there's
just pictures of just then BG's you know
them right that's from the 80s right 70s
except folk Lord so that was when you
were 28 yeah sure sure 20 years little
bit little bit you know since we're in
the music room you should do a little
dance
Oh God everybody just clicked off or
they're scrolling forward in the video
scroll forward they're looking for shut
up Jews hate blacks hate them alright
let's go
so since we all know Lauren keeps
tampons all around her car for
nosebleeds right cuz you're all dried up
that's not possible good so I she thinks
I don't know how to use one
guess what Lauren you know what he said
one yeah I said you don't know to use
one yes I do I have a vagina
come on I mean that's what that is right
there so um
Burton like my mouth is a pussy you're
so good and let's do it ready oh no I'm
so tight I'm bleeding oh no you don't
know yours like this um I got brave my
mouth is good you picture Dakota
Fanning's pussy very tight okay ready
oh this is so it's like this right ready
yeah you're doing it wrong I am yes it's
fine you do it yeah you go no you do it
wait maybe this really if this were the
size this was your penis which is it
besides yeah that's how you do it it's
not no don't you know how do you do it
oh no no no you go you go no but you
like a push-up hop if you have to open
the thing first these are compact one
for the mean you're not compact
oh my god
dig it out - gasps oh my god all the
blood just soaking up boy you're so
there's like things they're gonna make
you die really yes but your vagina is
not dead yeah can you get I want
here's my question like children who get
periods well I guess is not that big but
I mean right it hurts it hurts right
technically if you use one of these you
can't be a virgin I don't understand
pajara I know look Lauren we're on this
stream your old job before you met me
don't worry everybody you can still
happen for a price very cheap all you
have to do is buy our yogurt very cheap
so my goal whenever we're out public is
to embarrass Lauren as much as I can so
today I'll be singing a little song to
get off my head hi oh my you suppose he
embarrassed not enjoying it aren't you
guys so I just got home and guess who is
coming over tonight to film a video mom
do I fill I mean thank God Drake Bell is
older in real life than he looks on TV
it could be illegal right now you do you
like it's the same the same like
beautiful like bell bottom II leg Belva
Drake Bell bottom oh my god how are you
nervous Chuck what's your name again oh
my god Jane oh my god
can you please like when he comes in the
door just start with that Samus what
Jane with this oh yeah impressive
impressive oh yeah there you go
just a typical night at my house tying
up our favorite person no media time no
you do the honors I just want to watch
yeah you should now Jared it would make
me even more comfortable if I was naked
yes you read my mind
did you used to own slaves you're good
at this dude
haha too far you just watched the help
and lying I would never so right now we
are family and that was tight are you
okay your hands are purple so we were
filming a video right now where I yeah
we should like tie him up like so I
can't and he's a very demanding
I'm a he's a very demanding slave he's
like I want to be tied more I'm used to
people being like this hurts I don't
like it and that's just in my everyday
life okay
good you're doing good yeah rodeo you
caught one
so okay sure come on I'm a fuck never
tie me up again dude my mom is just
dripping wet right now she's getting
impromptu performance and the dogs are
just very angry it's okay dogs later
I'll sing to you so mom how was it today
I don't wanna give anything away
actually the video probably up by then
how was it to kill Draco
I just can't even breathe right now
see I've never seen you so flustered Wow
you mean this flustered since that
creepy extra came over and you were
hitting on him over that guy the black
guy I don't act like you don't know Wow
hey what's up guys so it's the end of
the night and I am just sitting here
speechless with an erection because
Drake Bell was in my house I touched him
a lot I tied him up
I felt him put him on my lap and he was
in he was down so down he was like tie
me tighter and I'm like okay no but you
know here's the thing guys I like to act
like I'm obsessed with people and be
crazy and be like growl Raven Symone or
always you know I'd like to act insane
because I think it's funny but like
honestly I am actually a fan of his
music and I've been a fan of his music
for a long time so it was super cool on
so many levels I mean I got to hang out
with them got to get to know him got to
eat Mexican food with him and got to tie
him up
I mean four dreams one night so Drake
you baby if you're watching this which
you're not because you're too busy
watching The Real Housewives which by
the way he told me he watches and I'm
putting them on blast because that is
just insane
I'll watch it I'll try I'm not
right I'm which by the way when he said
that he watched that my mom got so wet
she almost like slipped out of the house
so Drake thank you so much you're
probably one of the coolest people I've
ever met and you were down to do
anything and you didn't care about
getting dirty or getting bruised or
eating pubic hair okay that last one
didn't happen but it happened in my head
mmm all right you guys the question of
the day who is somebody celebrity
youtuber musician whatever that you
would want to hang out with and tie up
for the night I mean we already know
mind I just Dean Android babe
all right love you guys is that Oh
mr. Drake Bell hi cuz you're hang with
today oh gosh got hey listen whatever
you want to say just say Steve comment
on Shane's Facebook Wall you might find
yourself in tomorrow's video like those
guys and those girls too well
but their comments now about you
