are you bored is fuck well you're in
luck because you're hanging with Shanee
in a book be careful he's insane
you are Shane and Lauren Sean and
Shane's mommy up Jared and Bree Steve
and Shane's dogs I bet you're wondering
why there's so much cinnamon everywhere
and why my mom is eating chicken those
two things are not related but uh well
hey
and why Sean is here what purple drink I
mean it just doesn't get any more
aggressive so we were filming my video
for this Saturday when me and Shawna did
the cinnamon challenge and then Jared
decided to join in and then my mom
decided to join in so I don't know how
much of that I'm going to show you guys
here today but just stick around because
you're gonna see it
I mean don't give it away but how do you
think it went I'm still girl still
drinking a purple drank how do you think
of injured all I know is a part of me
feels of the prize Shuba how do you feel
mom I mean chicken haha she I don't know
why the way she said that made me feel
uncomfortable yeah yeah I think I'm
enjoying it okay yeah okay so since
today I was mainly just filming a video
and I didn't really vlog much I decided
it would be fun not only to do the
cinnamon challenge for you guys but to
also do another tag video because the
last one went pretty well
so Shawna can I explain you what a tag
video is sure I mean that you didn't
have to go wide about it no what
tagging itself like tag you're it that's
how I sound like we alive I mean let's
keep it rollin let's give it up yeah so
basically I found some random questions
and then we're gonna answer them pretty
fast because we don't to keep this
boring and then you keep it boring I
mean obviously one of the question is
not do you have the grammar because I
don't okay so we're gonna answer these
questions and then you guys can answer
them to in the comments and I'm going to
tag a youtuber to answer these so number
one what was your favorite food is a
child I I mean have you seen me as a
child
I mean I was a baby was yours Patsy the
fuck a Jamaican food
patty patty patty what is it like a
party no one is like a meat a meat
sandwich
oof don't you guys love cause you got
Jamaican when she answer that now like
if you talk about food that's from
America do you say American I think so
like okay what's your favorite American
food macaroni and cheese yeah what's
your favorite Jamaican food I can't I
saw fish Wow
where's your favorite food mom besides
chicken chicken Jerrod Peter all right
next question
wow this is just like we get through
this y'all Bam Bam Bam
what is one of your favorite quotes
please don't say Martin Luther King I
will slap you oh that's the guac BAM
yeah come on watch your favorite book is
Jesus isn't it damn stop Gigi okay bye
Lisa wasn't flat your own this town
crazy Bank what is your favorite form of
exercise yeah you know yeah what's the
dream you and oh that was a ski Oh
so there you go nigga and oh yah I like
that
alright what about you just eat your
chicken why not you the pre-core the
hell is that it's kind of like an
elliptical all right Wow I don't believe
it
my favorite exercise I don't know
running away from you girl
just kidding running to you oh yeah I
was gonna do a Whitney Houston is she
just Oh a suit no too early too early
actually no not really enough to it give
her give her some memorial she nope she
turned her grave that's question you
know I'm black okay what sound do you
love we're I know it sounds arid loves
insert fart here yeah okay that's it now
knows
and she's still in here taking it the
sound of eating chicken okay um what
celebrity do you get mistaken for Whoopi
Goldberg no you don't know she got way
more gyro oh yeah her to me in Saudi
damn I don't really get I mean I guess I
used to get recognized this Drake Bell
until he started shelling his hair back
what about you mom
Oh Carol Burnett who's that I guess I
don't think that Adam Savage from
Mythbusters ha ha ha you do you do and
you busted a myth today about this
cinnamon yeah we busted and you busted
some ass about 30 seconds ago what would
you name your autobiography of your life
hey Emeril already took that he yeah you
did
damn how about how about boom boom yeah
how about just like a loud laugh by
Shawna that's uh mine would be hmm bye
Shane god um what was the last movie you
cried at The Descendants I cried at
Twilight because I was so pissed I had
to be there ha ha I cried it raising
Helen next question don't ask it was
emotional Kate Hudson her face is so sad
kidding kidding I love her what was the
last experience that made you a stronger
person as deal man that's too deep for
me I would say all of us getting fired
at Jenny gray depressing okay good yeah
my car breaking down in the heart of
South Central LA I can see how that
could make you stronger
mine will probably just having to deal
with Lauren every day why you know like
I used to love juice used to yeah ha ha
ha you know Mike I just I wasn't into it
heiped overplayed okay and last question
when was the last time you got
service when you came over tonight why
did you get nervous cuz you told me
what's gonna do the cinnamon challenge
okay yeah yeah that's right that's right
he's getting more chicken man when's the
last time you got nervous tonight
what when you told me I was gonna be in
the video okay Jer wins lesson me
nervous when my car broke down in salsa
Robbie that could be everything we're
out of Fe my car broke down so hey guys
go those are the tag questions so leave
all your answers in the comments and
leave a video response if you want and
I'm going to tag who should I tag I just
II yeah I'm gonna type she gon do it she
busy you know what no I just need I'm a
tag yo a span tag tag us Oh Lord sure
I'm a triplet all right you guys we love
you we're gonna go and there might be
right now a clip of the cinnamon
challenge unless I decide not to show
you all right you guys see you later bye
okay guys so me and Shauna just did the
cinnamon challenge for my Saturday video
which you'll see on Saturday
Jared Shaw's doing it and he thinks that
he can do it it was rigged you did
they weren't crying all right let's see
shiny let's watch this funny babies are
we good I mean that's how much you guys
did oh well not that much I'm showing I
mean that that's more that's enough this
about how much I have let's put your
mouth in you're done but you might get
swallowed by the way that's a teaspoon
yeah where you guys had an old skin this
is the best thing is well no it is not
but okay Lu Lu half of it out of your
mouth immediately I owe my god okay
continue just do doop to you one two
three go oh I'm sorry
I hear you Jared oh my can I hear you
it was raped I can't hear you like it
wasn't a bad it wasn't bad right you
want some oh let me get you some more
Morgan you look like you ain't getting
no here you go baby
yeah yeah oh you might want okay okay
you look a little red yeah I will beacon
look easy
yeah you sure you don't want him up you
sure you good boy that bad all right mom
your thermos Oh bye everyone we hope you
have fun while you were hanging a shame
if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
