if your borders fuck well you're in luck
cause you're hanging with shame Oh what
you know about me what you what you know
about me what you know about me what you
fucking know my lip gloss me go my lip
gloss bebop keep ah-chan after the guys
um a little mama what happened to you
no really what happened to you where'd
you go anyways I am here outside of this
house staring through her window again
when I'm putting lip casts on and I'm
wearing a beanie soul on African
American that does make any sense but it
rhymed and it was almost racist so I
liked it so today is gonna be kind of
just a lazy day I think I'm just gonna
hang out and then I think I'm gonna go
home and maybe write up a video for
Saturday and play with my doggies and
play with my doggies
ha I'm talking about my penis and and
then maybe go to bed and watch some
Netflix so today we're not gonna hang
with Shane we're gonna cheer with Shane
I love it so much
oh my god you guys first of all just
torture this fucking torture what hang
out with me well yes but this shit okay
so I'm sure you guys like the show I
mean you obviously love your job can't
stop watching this show I think I
watched the first season in like two
days
I mean listen I can't judge I watched
raising Helen last night and bawled my
eyes out so I can't really judge listen
it's very hot seventeen year olds
seventeen year olds binding each other
and taking their shirts off I love it I
love it
so you okay so you're a fan of of the
vampires I didn't think I was a fan of
vampires but I'm a fan of cheesy shows
like Gossip Girl and this is like Gossip
Girl but with fangs so I'm in today and
I really like True Blood have you seen
to Tula yeah I mean just you're just
you're losing me with every every TV
show you keep growing up if it's not
that So Raven if it's not ant farm I
don't give a fuck I just don't just talk
to the hand cause the face don't gave a
damn
that's why I didn't want to have this
moment with you I wasn't gonna let you
watch this with me and now I know what
okay see you know what I'm gonna become
a vampire cuz that's what you want right
yeah yeah what's step one you know the
steps better than I do step one take off
shirt what's step two step to become
seventeen okay what step three eat blood
I can do that okay yeah do you have any
like used anything in your bathroom here
Z do girls don't Asian people just like
put their tampons on the ceiling fan and
like let it dry out
leave a comment is that true it's true I
think I don't know you told me that
though wantin so here it is this is the
tampon drying spin new dance craze all
right well how about okay here's what we
can do don't worry my Splenda go my box
is Splenda I can't wait can you tell
them okay
can you tell them that
I have a box of splendor here it is
don't believe me well first of all this
is the best present I've ever gotten in
my life
a box of Splenda and she put I support
your drug habit very supportive Lauren
is gonna love that just give it here
let's go let's go over there we got to
change locations okay so in this show
where do they bite like do they just go
stereotypical neck or do they do like
weird shit like leg or like farm
sometimes you arm right you guys and
sometimes you do the neck all right well
I mean I don't know if we're at the neck
yet are we there yet I don't think we're
there yet wait what's happening I'm
gonna bite you in sec your blood out so
should we do arm or cookies okay so
here's the plan okay I am going to pour
Splenda yeah on your arm then because I
can't just eat a normal armless I mean
this is Sunday night yes you guys got
that Mimi was excited this is our Sunday
Saturday night okay Carrie for this I'm
just trying to make something
interesting happen okay you guys he's
making Shane I mean I just need to add
some spice into it actually here you eat
well okay I don't know I mean I'm just
gonna all right ready
like we're gonna do some shots cha cha
cha cha cha cha her body weight what's
like we have to make this like really
just epic in life vampire romantic okay
okay so this is what happens when a
vampire is like kind of like gonna die
which you don't think they can but they
can if you state them but if they eat
human blood they get like rejuvenated so
you need to pretend like you're dying
and then I'm like no take it and like no
I don't want to I don't want it because
he doesn't want to take it cuz he's
trying not to eat human blood oh but
then that's so romantic
so then I'm gonna be like no you have to
take take no I don't want to take a good
camera uh I'm dying I'm dying and I'm on
your back somehow
wait take my blood no I don't want to
because I can't then you'll die no I
won't die just takes oh I can't your
neighbors take it take a look man I
don't want you you'd spill exploded
everywhere wasted you you have to
because we're wasting blood okay I can
feel you have a jungle my back oh no see
right back on wait
okay take it fine but you're not gonna
like me for this I'm alive alive so
we're just having a lazy day here I took
my beanie off let it all go
why the fuck not Jami she has a top bun
she always makes fun of girls that were
talking no don't say that yeah I've even
a girl does but um but he says he likes
my top one I think he's lying
but soon as you got put a top on it
listen okay here's my thing about top
buns I think some people can pull them
off I think that's great I think some
people pull them way too tight and they
just look like a big fucking tit and
they're their top bun just looks like a
nipple and they just look straight it
looks bad but it's telling my girls to
top on his kisser they don't wash the
hair so it's like an easy way to put it
up so Shane sometimes doesn't like to
wash his hair what I believe had or
straighten it so he requested since
we're having just a good old friends
made girls not tonight that I give them
a top bun if you want to achieve a top
on
this is what you have to listen well you
have she doesn't talk like I love
Michelle Phan she's so nice you schooler
Michelle fame that's not her name
I mean it's felt like hands so tell them
what you're doing so first you want to
pull back all the hair off your head you
have short hair we're gonna do a half
topic this is just saying and you want
to get it as high as you can all right
now depending on your hair length you
either put a band in their room just
twist believe it or not we do not have
enough air
what yes I do I don't believe it well
they little not make it work wait this
looks cool wait drop it
I mean vampire right you can put the
good bit of hair I think maybe more like
a werewolf I mean is that because I'm a
hairy person yeah look at the handsome
you are with your hair back oh my gosh
thumbs up if you think Shane looks hands
with his hair turning into my mother
people look going handsome you are with
your hair back you know what you should
oh this is a top pony fix it Jesus all
right here we go
okay I feel out you know you look like a
sumo wrestler
that's great for my confidence thank you
you have AIDS you a long day I'm doing
the splits right now it really hurts
Oh F how do girls do this all the time I
can do it fuck no it's okay you tried it
looks okay looks good like my legs are
dyed michelle phan will not stop and
it's done Top Gun just double John Bunce
this is terrible
cuz it's a girl's just take it out take
it qua hey what's up you guys so if
you're wondering why it looks like
somebody just smeared Vaseline all over
my camera lens it's because they did and
also because I don't know if you can see
this I'm a few tell but I drop my phone
and now it's totally shattered
so this sucks so tomorrow we have to go
to the Apple store which is terrible
because every time I go to the Apple
store to buying a bunch of stupid shit I
don't need I don't know remember that
jackass lens I bought last week that I
haven't used since well I'm sure I'll
come back with something like that so
today was just kind of like a chill day
just hung out with Lisa watched a bunch
of terrible Vampire Diaries some
hoarders which was awesome eat some food
and now just to kind of relax rest a
night I thought we would play a little
would you rather shop let's open up to a
random barrage
so here is the would you rather up the
day would you rather whoo this is a good
one would you rather have a sex doll of
any celebrity of your choice or a voodoo
doll of any celebrity of your choice
interesting okay ah well I'm going to go
to the sex doll because honestly I mean
for a lot of reasons but first of all
like a voodoo doll that's just you know
hurting somebody and I don't know
there's no celebrity I would hurt I
don't really know any you know it's not
like we know them personally so why
would you want to hurt them except for
Miley Cyrus - I would just fucking tear
up I'm just kidding um i love you maile
so I would have a sex doll and you know
who I would get Miley Cyrus so I could
just tear yeah um so yeah what would you
guys do would you rather question of the
day also if you want to do part two of
that question if you chose a sex doll
who would it be and if you chose a
voodoo doll who would it be so that's it
I'm gonna go to bed you guys I'm pretty
tired which is weird because I didn't
really do much today I just kind of hung
out but this week is going to be pretty
pretty crazy and hopefully we start
working on the music video soon and
start working on some other stuff so uh
that's my excited face bye everyone we
hope you had fun while you were hanging
if you're still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
with Shay
