hey guys yes today I'm going to be doing
something a little bit different and I
don't really know is this scary or funny
or somewhere between because today we
are going to be going on to the weird
side with YouTube now listen I spend
pretty much every single night on the
weird side of YouTube I never know how I
got there and I'm always literally is
clearing my history getting fuck out so
I thought it would be fun if I did a
video where we went on the your side
alright here we go so this one is called
a day in the light okay please normal
what oh my god oh my god wait first of
all Gaby sure is looking good I'll have
to do a little research okay this is a
youtuber named Carrie Johnson let's go
into the channel oh okay this channel is
all about wearing feminine map I don't
judge if I could wear a fucking mask and
a body - that was like Chris Pratt
bitch I'm chucking it to that all day
okay
oh this is an unmasking okay
oh yes Jeremy oh no oh my god here comes
here comes here crowd
oh my god oh my god okay
damn it all cheese girl who's fully god
oh my god oh my god oh oh when the
Twitter drama is so bomb it doesn't just
naturally bitch his face off that is I'm
sick its class
that's incredible that's the life I want
what does that say I've been living this
whole time but on finish my wait there's
more channel oh this is Kiera and Chloe
Mocambo out in a power-mad it looks so
fucking real if you told me that was a
real person I believe you I mean I think
the bitch end zone you know work done
like she's just constantly shows but I
would still think it was real wait
there's a chubby bunny challenge I'm
gonna be bad oh my god oh my god honey
me and my girls the one on the left is
serving faith bitch the one of the left
is like this anything to speak I'm just
going to stay here it oh my god wait
there's a video than kissing
room I'm not gonna lie I like that that
was kind anything I think I just found
my new things I can watch people in
masks fuck like all day okay that bring
up anyway your zoom okay
this isn't really the weird side of
YouTube this is just like the side I
really enjoy have you guys ever seen QVC
fail videos basically it's the show
where they're trying to sell you
something within sometimes they fuck up
and each week this one's my favorite
now why would I put her hair back you do
see the difference of his hair my god
yeah gorgeous it's beautiful look at
that
I'm telling you this haircut is amazing
I do love my publicist I actually I try
sir
do you love my pumping dick look at all
the ladies the night laughing me sorry
Oh Google the info blast
I heard her laugh oh oh let's go into
another section of YouTube that is
sometimes fall into that is like so
weird now there is a lot of stuff on you
do that is considered educational but
really it's just like porn I'm not even
good for its like creepy porn with like
teacher music playing like it's Bill Nye
that pussy
this one's called fun to shave your
dream I'm ready oh my god
what I am tasting going to be hot shame
down there all winter forever 17 Ian
wait what is this what is the Remi life
is going on here she got fucking the
moment behind her panda pillow
fucking flowers on the wall and she's
like 12 and she's talking about her
vagina right literally the file says how
does she hear vagina and a demo like
what does that mean I doubt our is one
bigger shower if you want to give the
hair time to kind of soften up and be
easier to shave even a panda in the back
of linkage to barb is go back to eos
tutorial girl and the emoji in the back
is like I love hairy pussy don't shave
it this is a lot I was using Shaitan
crazy using the eraser when the
knowledge hits you like shaving cream
but what else would I use peanut butter
I'll try that you know what I changed my
mind a number like I started at bitch
planet and I am now on bitch yeah like
she's giving advice a little girl like
little girl to have a hairy vagina and
they're like how I get rid of this for
what else does she do oh she just had a
foot in the tampon she doesn't love you
know what I paint - I was going to drag
her
I was going to take that fucking
construction paper banner thing and a
rat around her like interact her down
the street but now I'm going to join her
on her weird child's bed I like this you
think it's the young girl yes this is
not the weird side of YouTube it's just
the side of YouTube eyes I shouldn't be
on boo okay now this is where we're
going to get to like some real
disturbing shit
I found this video the other night I'm
very confused I had you know what let's
watch
yeah let's keep watch so this video is
called hypnotized lady and I think
that's a drop of pee on her bed and I
think she's hypnotized and the guy is
making her move like that I don't know
who that seems like an ab workout which
I wouldn't care if I'm hypnotized but I
still want to do it this one is a close
up of the lace face she drinking pee way
that she's right I don't know if I want
to drink this pee right now
I guess I'll drink the pee when that key
is ah what you I hate this how is that
knowledge if how does that on a mean
hold up go back when you heard sign of
the time for the first time oh my god
when the bank accidentally gave you
money
oh I love this is she dying
I gotta go I know I guess Mike I got new
over here I got at least what's on fuck
was that
that was not real I loved it what's this
Oh what the fuck is that
Karina Garcia is like how do I make that
what I did again Wow
I need it okay Amy's not know who this
person is going to show how they growl
like a lion okay
even people that I just know me know
that I can roar like a lion I have
questions how does everybody know that
like are you bitches just walking to the
party level and they're like Carrie here
we get hairy
that was an experience thank you for
that but just a video where she teaches
you how to do it all I can tell you
really is that acknowledge it in the
throat okay if you know how to draw look
at dawn
like there's a common thing people can
do oh yeah the doctor out here like I
don't have to eat like a dog I don't
shit like a dog in the house on the
floor but pala Dubrow
follow them throw away curl your tongue
for me why work with Hawaiian I I need
to meet her
there's a girl who can scream like a
Jaguar sit up I don't even know what to
say to that
that was crazy all I gotta say is I love
both of these women or animals or
whatever they are and I never going to
fuck with them whoo okay let's end
something happy basically one of my
favorite things lately is cupcake
remixes if you don't know what cupcake
is basically she's a queen icon and she
has such a deep inspirational here as
this fuck me yes she's McQueen now
people have taken her song and took away
the music and added like other music to
it and I've heard a few them and they're
amazing but I have heard these one
alright first is the wizards of waverly
quick speed song with cupcakes
I change the tone two times a day it's
not go for this movie all day we go good
I'm on a trip to the base
- happy put any and then you could call
everything I'm not happy jump awesome
I'm healthy throw circus caps on to pick
it up so imperfect that we bend over
bitch you only talk about buddy else and
help is based on a nigga when you killed
oh wait hold on I love that I'm not
gonna repeat what you said but when he
when she said when he said this and in
Harper with sand beach yes this is my
jam my job oh my god vagina
what about mother dying girl bring it
down my vagina particularly cause
nobody's gonna call particularly cause
my hands like a drum oh my god but I'd
like a drum do that was amazing that was
incredible
what else we got did you talk to Raven
face of all the two pounds of things
it's not yet afford energy all day no
good I'm on a trip to the base whoever
put any and then economy they all might
pop you wanna see it everything over my
mouth Beto starfish caps on to pick it
up slow on purpose you can't overcome
Betty ever really fucking healthy you
don't want me talking nobody else's help
another rebooting that's a raven a new
theme song
here you go Mike yeah I'm kind of wet
when it um I'm applying them when is I
my vagina
4:52 car
baby to be calm man type the Trump that
was amazing it flopped for a spritely
she does cloud my ass bitch cupcake
here's like a psychic cupcakes and they
don't affect you she's Melanie Martinez
our video okay
what women gonna join them all today
it's how you look longer it would be all
day thank you and you could any and then
make a comedy thing on my cloud do you
want to be it why does this problem work
with everything what screw the chorus
when will the train come running down
vagina
yeah I'm kinda dumb okay we're not
running em ups I know what when is that
would be calm
that is amazing why is cooking not like
the whole fingers wrapper effort it's
like a masterpiece like that made it
sound like bad like her vaginas crying
stop right sweat cupcake is deep
business my favor I already heard this
one but I want you guys here to this is
cool for the Songkran you'll never be
able to knock your back when you're
here's the song again pretty feet in
against my credo pom pom you might have
an Aikido look like a keyhole and we
sexy back that I'm afraid of yet
hello hello it's nice to meet you
the Nexus to my walls like a spider me
Michael don't write a piece inside of me
you stab me other people will see my
sight of me baby
this is I this is it I'm done I retire I
will never be as good as this music will
never be as good as this bitch everybody
retire now down to the Queen by ago that
was me going to the weird side of
YouTube that was weird if you want me to
do this again give me a thumbs up so I
know and also leave some comments in
some weird it is you guys have seen it
maybe I'll watch it with you also make
sure to subscribe my channel and the
notifications output of a new video if
single day as you guys I'm going to go I
will see you tomorrow from the weirdest
side of YouTube there is my channel
Oh
