if your boring life became hanging me
Shane today Oh get up everybody have fun
today and DeGeneres Show oh oh hey
what's up you guys yes I'm dressed like
Ellen DeGeneres today you know just
because I am meeting a couple people
today that I feel she think I'm a
lesbian I think that would help me out a
little bit so I'm very excited because I
get to meet one of my favorite youtubers
today her name is Hannah and she does
something called drunk kitchen which is
where she just gets really drunk it
tries to cook something so I'm so
excited she just moved out here so I'm
gonna have lunch with her and then after
that I think I'm meeting up with Lauren
and we're doing some stuff and then
after that this is the big one you guys
are you ready I don't know if I'm able
to film it because I don't want to you
know scare him away or anything but
guess who's going to Drake Bell's party
tonight this lesbian
this one right here oh my god now I'm
going to try to film this but listen he
probably doesn't understand YouTube I'm
guessing he thinks someone's crazy
stalker he's probably an F a taser gun
and if he teases me I'm gonna have to
film it I mean I would masturbate to
that for hours mass amounts of Splenda
packets white powder everywhere
you know what that means I'm at lunch
with the youtuber oh okay so I do this
everybody are they kind of throwing up
to say who you are how you know me and
who your favorite member of NSYNC is go
uh her I know you from the internet and
Lance Bass because no oh my god are you
fucking kidding me no I've done this
game with like six people recently and
every single one says Lance Bass
I am shocked by that I don't get Lance
Bass did nothing he tried to fly to the
moon he didn't make it can bin sing he
didn't dance at least you tried to fly
to the moon dude what a GC tosses on
their doing Chris Kirkpatrick haha
you had me Chris for Patrick and I'll
show you why I wasn't in big factories
palaces whatever you don't find team
baths she has talent you know what I've
never asked you guys question today
who's your favorite NSYNC member oh my
god it's so sad they're gonna be like
whoo yeah Johnny's fun
no no no no no I'm safe right guys don't
make it feel old it's so really quick so
um oh I've already told you guys earlier
in the vlog but I'm obsessed with her
videos where she's drunk in her kitchen
but little-known fact she's not drunk
right now and you're not an alcoholic oh
never mind
she's gone no I'm not an alcoholic
actually I am a big fan of drinking and
I'm also a big manager get
responsibility because you don't want to
be that asshole
like all that's in my gym he always
keeps on me
sunglasses an Arabian prom dress a
catalog for lamps plus where am i huh
Lauren's house God your glory glory
guess what Lauren what Shane it's today
which means it's our day
those terrible never do that again so
today what do we learn today learn
what's the plan why am I here Galia
photo shoot
I know photo shoot if you're gonna cover
up your legs if I can't cover up the
cities can we can we wax see the chest
do Photoshop approval like that isn't
every everything up yeah make me look
like Chloe can bash nasty yeah like we
always are Photoshop people like we
don't trust anyone out no like I don't
trust yours especially cuz I mean no
we're going to do I'm going to be taking
a picture with some youtubers today I
think I get to see The Annoying Orange
right yeah
don't squash that orange oh yeah dad
orange you like that black girls I mean
really I don't I'm four five year olds
uh and then after that I think me and
Lauren are gonna I don't know do a
little something else I got her a rose
it's pretty it's dead I'm worried about
me Oh guess who I am with right now I'm
getting giddy like this is one of my
favorite people in the world and she's
everything to me I just did
oh my god they were English oh my god Oh
Floyd are you jelly right now you're
jelly collected no you're talking she's
my lawyer
poor Lily may be due for Saturday's
video Oh
I pretended to eat her out oh okay can I
say that with you here I'll edit you out
it's gonna feel I'll Pat jennamarbles
face over yours she couldn't say that no
but I'm in love with you and I watched
your daily vlogs you're one of the
reasons I started here I heard you got
an auto clip yeah I did it's um it was
cool for a second but it's her give me a
headache
yeah everyone that was complaining
really just seen
I'm feeling nauseous I like him in a
fishbowl yeah it's that jackass lens I
was using you guys and I feel like we
should put it on a circular
stunts yeah I feel I just wanna like
slam my head into a wall would you do
that with me she's terrified right now
oh well I love you and just say hi to
everybody they'll love you hi guys I
love you and I miss you at people all
the time I'm just waiting Hailsham and
getting a walk you know BAM right here
can we get a hug camera Oh same way same
place we're walking look it I swear we
were walking in sync
except for your legs look like Avril
Lavigne and mine look like Ellen
DeGeneres so we just left I gotta hang
out with iJustine I love her so much I
just wanna fucking shit oh my god and by
that I mean just go to Yogurtland and
hang out just get a little lunch e whoo
what's up you guys so right now I am
about to pick up brie and we are going
to brainstorm whoa I can't even talk and
Thor found it we're gonna be
brainstorming for the music video that
I've been working on the song of the
superhero song so brie is gonna be in
the video so I thought it'd be fun if
she helped me come up with some ideas
for it so I'm excited I can't wait for
the song to be done I can't wait for you
guys to hear it it's gonna be
interesting because the song isn't funny
it's kind of serious and I didn't really
mean for that happen
Brie's here wait let me unlock the door
has she come inside get in here baby
yeah shake that hair shake those tail
feathers
I was just hot look at your hair goo
I love it Sun sauce on side hitting them
notes getting ready for the music video
baby I was just talking about how you're
gonna help me out yeah so we're gonna go
to dinner and I stuff to show her the
song and then we're going to touch
ourselves while we come up with some
ideas and you guys are gonna come with
us yeah yeah a reindeer on a sweatshirt
you know what that means
okay yeah so breeze going to try to
attempt to give me a makeover
cuz everybody tries and they always fail
and I mean let's just you have so much
to do so much good luck alright so I'm
in the dressing room
Bri has picked out all these clothes for
me and I'm about to have a 13 going on
30 music montage are you ready alright
get ready for some ugly ugly outfit
outfit number one
oh I rocked that I like those pants yeah
I like a Miami keep going
not really vanity you look like you
diarrhea I do they look good are you
gross no the tightest pants whatever
yeah but they look good I think you
should get him oh yeah
please get them really am
my official choices often number one
right the great pants were terrible you
still are convinced I'm a woman I'm not
so that was a sneak peek at the song I'm
so excited breathe
she heard the whole thing what do you
think okay I feel like a 12 year old
girl when I listen to it and I know that
when Shane emails me this track I'm
going to put it on repeat and like fall
asleep to it because it's Oh cute I love
it oh my god so obviously you guys like
and that's just it's just a rough
version like the finished version even
isn't even done yet and I'm nervous I'm
nervous because it's different than
anything I've done before it's not that
funny at all actually and it sounds like
a legit song on a scale of 1 to 10 and
no not even 1/10 I don't like numbers
pretend like you weren't my friend
Verdell like you hate me you hate me I'm
an asshole easy thanks uh so I do
actually like the song I love it it's
off the scale it's like a twelve oh well
I'm so excited you guys uh we are gonna
go get dinner and then we're gonna go to
Drake Bell's party oh my god I'm wearing
from you smart ass
hahaha all right so we're sitting
outside of Drake Bell's house I mean I'm
gonna diarrhea my pants you want to hear
me floor yes
did you do it yeah how come I didn't
hear it was it meant did you guys hear
it wait I smell it oh he's a silent but
deadly
oh no who bringing in for Drake yeah I
can like it I love it
oh my god okay what do I do I'm nervous
I have to dress my fart in some corduroy
pants Oh Oh God
love it oh it smells oh okay so I'm
getting like
really nervous listen you guys I'm not
really like I really care about
celebrities like I act like I do but I
don't
it's lies so do ya know but Drake Bell
like he's my soul mate so how do I
approach that do I run up to him and
just jump on him yes uh can we just say
like give me a round of applause please
for at the outfit that I picked out
because look at that here rocking those
two shirts I'm rocking them so I don't
think we're gonna film in there right
I'm so bummed because I need to find it
an outfit to wear so wearing my bagel
shop oh my god wait let me get a good
angle of the middle shirt okay Oh
perfect there it is Beibei bagels and I
have this gross sweatshirt from Urban
Outfitters it's like vintage sure
whatever I hope Drake likes bagels
should I bring them a gift oh this juicy
rattle gum I'll bring him some gum yeah
I'll give him the month up to my mouth
give him your old adidas jacket oh fuck
I dropped it lots of yogurt and lots of
toppings
you know what that means we just met
drink best okay so here's what happened
because I didn't really blog too much of
the party just been getting a cake
shoved in my face yeah we did get Brie
shoving a cupcake in her mouth
it was cornbread one fact he was born
bred not a cupcake delicious all right
go
whole thing get it fuck it up oh no more
and more the hoping okay let's shove in
your mouth swallow man that's where the
party at Drake Bell's house looks like
just like that look like a Saturday
night to be pentamer a party just like
bouncing
so what else besides you're getting
cocky toughen your mouth oh yeah me and
Drake took a picture and here it is
so then after me and Drake masturbated
mutually together on top of Rhys face
you can pitch loud in here but she's
moaning very loud
after we met pretty funny so then me and
Bri decided to have a dance battle and
I'd say I want you widen like 100
percent I was feeling self-conscious in
my sweater you guys be the judge
let's see some of the dancing no you
don't need a judge Shane wanted gotta
get out there yeah get it get it yeah
get I think we need a bath
my chronic basketball so then after our
epic dance battle week 8 decoder in the
pan and I didn't even get to think about
it because there was a lot of people
there and I will disappear I went into
like Nickelodeon really so here's my
analysis about me and Drake Bell's date
I am still in love with him I told a lot
of dirty really shocking jokes around
him and I think it surprised him which
is good you know he left it was
uncomfortable I touched him a lot like I
kept reaching out to touch it like you
know that really creepy like it's not
even polite it's just creepy way like he
did like this is okay your drink ready I
was like I was like anyways Drake so as
I was saying vomited yeah and then he
threw up so I think that's going to be
the end of our night we're just gonna
drown our sorrows and yogurt sorrows
because I didn't get to give him a
handjob
okay so I hope you know I got some mouth
I need some odd jobs as far as he does
have fun hanging with you see you later
well everyone we hope you have fun while
you were a shame if you're still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
with Cher
