I abort as fuck well you're in the Kazi
all hanging machine its morning time and
i'm here with lauren and jerry i was the
saddest intro ever no we're all very
tired i'm tired we're filming a video
today for my up a shout oh is that sort
of booger mm-hmm anyways we're filming a
video for my channel and we're all
tagged and look at what are you look at
your pants this is like I'm always so
big it's not even trendy anymore so
sloppy I get a fargo's like scratch
marks on your leg
scratch mark probably from your dumb
cats your success with me I mean by this
point you should just turn him into
shorts Jewett's for the summer
yeah just like every fat gay Asian could
have ever seen walking down the street
my ass jean shorts what do you think
Jerry I don't know I mean I can't really
see where the hole is
but that's Ashley sad her he said that's
what he's a murderer
hahaha - tired even joke what is
happening this is called the Alaskan
pipeline
yeah till you've met me I didn't so
right now we're filming a video where
Hilda's supposed to be eating herself
out and I needed legs so Lord and he's
sitting in for me so I could get the
right camera angle
it's looking good I mean how did if I
four initiates help you smell oh this is
so sexy I love it I don't all right so
we have a special guest star in today's
video let's see if she's here there she
is
she looks beautiful today are you
what was your stripper name again chubby
bunny oh it never gets old that's your
dad give me a hug oh yeah what are you
wearing you look beautiful
oh you brought options wow you're such
an actress let's do a fashion show
alright look at all these skirts that's
beautiful
this is from the Hannah Montana
collection well which one do you think
is the sexiest oh my god you are so
right that one looks good you look at
that one Lauren you're chatting with
your boyfriend uh-huh sudden pictures on
my boobs okay
it's school picture day hey you look
beautiful
lying you look care what is happening
with this outfit grow disgusting you're
sick you make me want to vomit oh don't
cry
I'm only serious no but right now we are
filming a mask it and I feel like this
is probably gonna be uploaded later so
you probably already see the video but
we're doing a what if Sheneneh took
school pictures so you know Sheneneh is
gonna get one look at this mess and be
like I need a fix this this this is this
this that that beds those I'll think
them are you excited to get fixed yeah
you better get excited
give me a vest Sheneneh that was good
give me a loud hell yeah hell yeah I'm
going hail hi hey what's up you guys it
is the end of the night and I just
finished editing the video for Saturday
well technically for last weekend cuz
this vlog is gonna go ugly so I hope you
guys liked it I really like it I think
it's really funny and crazy and just
weird so I thought it would be fun since
I don't really talk much today maybe I
would show you guys some bloopers from
the video and it's basically just me
eating out Lauren while she laughs
hysterically story of my life how am I
to explain this to my mother
do I move like loving shut up uh Jerry
can you grab me a
uh nope oh we're just fitting it an
attack carrier period bellies do please
very bad but don't you love your job
Lauren alright Jared let's try one of
these
oh don't Jared don't actually like oh my
god oh my god oh my god though he's not
locked in is he no okay two three that
was fucking awesome and action
wait hold on once I do I mean moving or
just uh what show me what your movement
would be just I don't know I'm are we
like are we fucking yeah am i moving
yeah no I'm good is it really slow yeah
so there you go those are some of the
bloopers hope you guys like them
question of the day since we were
talking about school and school pictures
in the video what is your least favorite
subject in school
my least favorite subject is well
anything besides lunch I mean they're
all terrible but I guess PE would
probably be the worst I know it's the
best for you you need to do it
but listen like there's nothing worse
than running around the circle and
having the kid in the wheelchair pass
you five times I get it your
handi-capable I'm a slow fat runner stop
shoving into my face all right you guys
I'm gonna go I love you have a good day
and I can't wait to hang out with you
tomorrow
all right so we're sitting outside of
Drake those house bye everyone
we hope you have fun while you were away
if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
