when your board is fuck you're in luck
you're hanging with Shane Oh guess who's
here just typing away doesn't even care
about you guys just really just she just
couldn't give a shit oh I like bad phase
what's that it's like when a turtle has
sex have you ever seen a turtle of sex
Amy yeah I ever seen a turtle close
Thanks ya know have you guys seen if you
looked up on YouTube it like there's a
turtle having sex with a shoe and it's
going and that is how you have sex isn't
it
have a boner
wait okay it's gone so right now I'm
straightening my hair and we are about
to go to it's pretty obvious we're in a
bathroom and my hair looks like this and
we are going to record the song today
I'm so nervous I'm drinking tea I'm
trying to get my throat lalala wah wah
wah I'm just trying to get ready whoo
let up um I'm nervous I'm nervous
nervous all right but right now she is
busy because we're I need a black guy
for videos it was such a racy um I need
a black guy for video so she's looking
through pictures of a bunch of different
shirtless black men apparently I am
actually
Shane is much better at picking out well
I mean I saw this guy and I'm like he's
perfect and she's like oh I was going
with this guy and she points to like
this skinny like model guy no I want a
big beefy do with dreadlocks oh no I
mean that's my type you know I like my
man like I like my coffee big black and
full of hair hmm just a big purse all
right we're in the studio and as you can
see these sexy feet are ready to go yeah
they are
absolutely oh you want slower
oh-hoo-hoo my penis just ripple back in
my body
yeah again gonna happen so much for me
no so I'm whispering because they're
working there I don't want to bother I
don't want to be a bother and you want
to be a bother
always I love your brooch by the way so
you know just drinking my Busch bills so
hey pronounce a and I'm ready to go you
know fresh I got my Bushmills
I got my Caesar salad I'm ready to blow
this year out of the water all right I'm
ready I got my Drake Bell microphone oh
my god it smells like him like sugar we
don't want to scare them off yet no I
want to scare hey you know what heat by
the way you guys update Drake fellas
follow me now on Twitter and retweeted
me and wants to make a video BAM
jelly you jelly Clarkson jelly Pickler
jelly Pickler
put your headphones on shade wait your
I'm sorry sorry bout that
I love these changing lights on away and
we're blue Oh Green boo it's really
super high-tech mm this is what Britney
Spears sex dungeon looks like except it
smells worse and there's less gay guys
or more probably more try cuz I'm
rotting at a time I unfortunately miss
Shane dropping his entire Caesar salad I
dropped my salad because I asked for a
cup and look what I got I mean Lauren
get on it sorry I got so Oh gross what
does it say Drake hahahaha literally
illest rapper set I literally Daniels
turned it and I just whoa and just
through the salad everywhere that's how
excited when I see him in person I'm
probably gonna come on his face yeah I
know this is not gonna be okay what do
we want to eat it what are we gonna do
we have to control you placenta I'm
already hey Drake already you already
nice change emails we've already been
like BFFs you're just jelly I'm seeing
somebody
someday watch it you know what won't you
pick up your Caesar salad talking to me
about fighting someone hey we just got
out of the recording studio I couldn't
really record much because I don't want
to give too much of the song away
I heard gave a lot of way but uh oh my
god I'm so excited it was it went really
well I mean listen honey I know I'm not
a singer I'm not trying to be a singer
but I mean I think it sounds good and
they're creating a little dubstep part
like a roadmap to rap isn't that what
dubstep is and this car is like hello
b.p toot-toot honk-honk
don't you know Mariah Carey's rolling
through that's who I am
no well maybe my Carrie during her
breakdown so now I am driving to a green
Steve's house I think we're gonna go see
a movie and maybe have some dinner and
maybe do some salvia I don't know things
might get crazy I love when things get
crazy
I'll never do that again I'm sorry that
was scary I'm just I'm losing it I'm
losing it
that's what happens after I sing I just
lose it I'm like Eminem baby just lose
it Bob yeah about that get crazy
Dada Dada Dada Dada now we're for butter
dance so how it goes I don't know now
stop whichever time a pile of Splenda
you know what that means it's dinnertime
anytime it's anytime really
I guess what
we have some motherfucking cherries
right here and I'm about to Papa so at
the city walk like I always am like a 12
year old Mexican girl and I'm
experienced David we're about see movie
guess who I just ready to again and farm
oh wow look at the stance yes
heartbreaker this jtt I'm in love I mean
come down he's elder you a half old
enough BAM oh gosh this we old enough
and a half this is like what I mean I
feel like we're I mean soulmates
but not like you know that way but more
like you're like yeah like if you're my
child I've seen all your videos now seen
like twice connection this soul weird
connection can I hear I'm just going to
touch you Smart's oh my god Chronicle
yeah
dance dance dance I'm cold I'm gonna
dance the cold away my balls don't feel
the same he's still cold down there so
we just saw Chronicle and I am gonna
piss all of you guys off because I
thought it was stupid I mean did you
think it was didn't take a lot really
stupid oh wow unlike your dance moves
which just keep getting better
I think it started out okay and then
like once the black I died it all went
downhill right he was the best and he
had to died why why and then he just
turned into a weird like love story with
these two guys and there was a lot of
really bad special effects and the dad
was not a good convincing alcoholic they
should have gotten you I'm drunk I'm
draw ice white Bucky wait yes I always
like to say you're another convincing
drunk until you say hi it's my fucking
birthday do what I want you to do
fucking birthday I could drink lie
around watch my fucking birthday fuck ah
ha ha ha oh and I am on my way home
walking out of brie and Steve's
apartment and I'm pretty sure I just
heard somebody scream behind me help
rape but I'm tired I want to go home ok
um so yeah I don't know like I already
talked about it but I was disappointed
with Chronicle I didn't think it was
that grave um I was like everybody said
it was so great so I was expecting it to
be better but I mean it was still cool I
guess what did you guys think oh that's
good question of the day what's your
favorite movie of a of this year so far
mine is 13 going on 30 okay and he
technically was made like 10 years ago
but I just watched it recently and loved
that I'd say my favorite movie this year
so far is probably 5050 liked it was
about cancer it was about Joseph
gordon-levitt and it was about shaving
your head which is something as you guys
know I want to do so
ah that's about it I'm gonna go you guys
have a good day I will see you tomorrow
and have fun with your superpowers if
you have any uh huh oh my god today was
all about superpowers my superhero song
and Chronicle it's a fucking super day
bye-bye everyone
we hope you have fun while you were how
you wish
if you're still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
with Cher
