if your boss wish you see that you know
what that is the Sun and I don't like it
hey what's up you guys yes it is 8:00 in
the morning and I am NOT a fan of this I
think the only people that should be up
right now are teachers dog walkers and
Jesus and I am neither of those unless
you say you know I'm teaching you guys
how to be terrible people if that's the
case then yeah I'm a teacher today I'm
going to film with the fine brothers you
guys have seen them before they created
like kids react and they helped me with
my Shane and Friends and blah blah blah
but they're my friends and they're doing
this web series so I'm going to be
playing a part in that and they film
very early and this is not ideal so I'm
gonna go there and probably slap them in
the face and give them a little oh but
then slap them in the face look at
everybody we're here look at this
beautiful set look at these beautiful
Jews and this beautiful little girl and
the beautiful mother that just ran away
come back from me they're more afraid of
me so we're here what is this tell
everybody really quick on the set of my
music what's the brand new show by the
fine brothers uh coming soon to a
YouTube near you my music show yes I'm
so excited for them they're doing make a
really cool big web series with guitars
on the walls and Who am I playing I'm
playing chip my name is chip and I'm a
delivery boy no no no no no too young to
Elden yeah how old are you again you
crop so fast she's 25 I'll show you just
a quick tour here's a skeleton with a
mustache and that's the end of the tour
I don't want to give anything away
there's a shark over there and there's a
stuffed animal dinosaur and
stairs lots of stairs this is a really
and I love doing endeavours for yeah
there's a second floor that's the rave
room oh I wasn't in there why don't we
shoot in there your character isn't that
cool so I'm not playing myself oh my god
one more one more and we're good we're
good oh my god you I mean they all know
I've already said this in a blog you
know but then you break up with me I
mean but why would well i'd see why you
would break up with me I would never
break up with you ever silence you're
like there's a lot of reasons I break up
with you Shane I can't be into it right
now
ooh I gotta stop saying the F word oh
wait you're 25 wait are you know wait a
minute are you do YouTube are you yes
you are
do you know who that is can you pretend
to be here right now I just love making
videos for you guys because it's just so
much fun to be off no against the dros
and I'm so hyper all that this is real
you're heard yeah are you really not her
and now we're doing a little interview
where I talk about my experience he's
behind the scenes in the behind the
scenes this is fuckin this is 70 log sex
section oh whoa wait a minute too much
okay you fucking win so really quick you
have to say who you are how you know me
and who your favorite NSYNC members go
I'm it's Brent from YouTube I know Shane
from YouTube and Lance Bass I panicked
No everybody says Lance what joey fatone
cuz his last name is fat I mean you kind
of you look like a better version of him
I'm Joey Fatone yeah that's me bro you
look like a better version like you look
better than him that's a compliment I
can fall in love with your eyes the
nicest thing oh yeah I just got home and
I get to see my a Munoz and they are
obviously just so excited to see me I
mean so excited literally looking
outside like can you bring me anything
better I don't know maybe Miley Cyrus or
Joe Jonas is that what you want do you
want me to be Joe Jonas chocolate no you
want me to be Nick Jonas don't you no
answer
Oh Charlie did you miss me you love me
right you love me oh don't fight over me
I mean that was just getting ridiculous
now I'm blushing alright so I just got
back home and Lauren is coming over
we're gonna talk about what I'm gonna be
filming for this Saturday's main channel
video and she's not gonna be happy with
me because I have a lot of big crazy
ideas and there's not much time to do it
I'm talking Nicki Minaj dressed as a
unicorn throwing up babies you think I'm
kidding I'm not look at you walking down
the stairs like she's all bad
wait what song was it um she looks so oh
there we go
here's me thinking Eve anytime baby oh
my god wait put the glasses on hey
makeover kiss me I'm never lay anybody
actually know the words to that song
look who's here the dogs are so excited
to see you never excited to see me I'm
not you you want no you look great - is
that Grammy makeup from last night
when you're hanging out with Nicki Minaj
really oh my mumble I walked in the
house for my mother this morning saying
that Shayne means to write to do
sketches
this was offending everybody it was
terrible he okay literally my mom who's
like the most Christian woman in the
world my mother I walk in the house
surprised no I walk in the house my
mom's like I love her she's Craig Craig
and I'm like you weren't offended my was
like why oh my god
my mom was like offended for Christians
I didn't think it was that I mean Lady
Gaga I was horrible talent freak
you don't look how sexy you look well
we're talking look at me as a mermaid
live free sandy n-word oh come on Shauna
says to truly be a scream the n-word at
the double-o yes my n-word is no that's
such a huge my n-word is no no so we are
on our way to the mall because I am
shopping or what he shot though I'm
shopping for you not to make any what's
happening no I really do need to pants
though Jaime don't blame the pants no
I'm actually going there to do a little
Valentine shopping oh my god Lauren my
store oh they have all of them oh my god
that's my mom
oh my god Lauren oh my god Lauren oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god can we
can we pose Lauren stop looking in the
tween section you're not a tween anymore
honey oh you got good dance moves oh
she's gonna pull a Wynonna I know it so
would you like to go down just the five
exhausts you I don't think this is it
this isn't it come back to two all right
Lauren you're dropping me off
bye are you gonna miss me the end of the
night it was a long day mainly just long
because I had to spend it with Lauren so
it felt like an eternity
it was inception I felt like I was 80
years old no but it was fun and we went
to the mall and she made fun of
everything and complain the whole time
and I wouldn't expect anything less on
the day before Valentine's so
Valentine's Day is tomorrow and
hopefully some fun shit's gonna happen
if not it's gonna be very depressing
vlog me just crying eating peeps
touching myself while eating peeps
confusing the peep with my penis trying
to eat my penis it's just gonna be
totally awkward night but hopefully I
will have a Valentine and you will find
out who that is
I'll give you a hint it might be you so
a question of the day what's your
favorite holiday mine is not Valentine's
Day but it's a close second to Christmas
but Valentine's Day I don't know like I
know it's cheesy but I like it I know
it's stupid and it's not real and you
know it's no Martin Luther King Day you
know like we're not getting a day off
but I don't know I have fun with it so
let me know your thoughts I will see you
guys tomorrow thank you for hanging with
me and getting inside my pants
whoa you're getting in there oh okay
don't get in there you'll get lost
bye bye everyone
hope you have fun while you were in us
if you're still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
what share
