are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck to the INA mache
he's in the same with his big old brain
and he's gonna play the game Mormon
Jared - also the hot girl and the Jude
are you bored as fuck
well you're in luck does you hang your
shame
shame chocolate ohmygod chocolate is
chocolate who are you wearing who are
you wearing you a beautiful chocolate oh
goodness
are you excited about Adele she's
performing tonight she's back she's back
yeah what do you think about Whitney
Houston it's very sad okay you're too
excited it's sad sad time be sad okay
you're relying on me for comfort I get
it
I totally get it yes it is a Grammy day
and on a side note I really am sad about
Whitney Houston that's really fuckin sad
I mean I wasn't like a fan of her music
or anything but she's like one of the
most talented singers in the world
although my favorite thing she ever did
was kiss my ass I don't know do you guys
know what that is it's from her reality
show I used to watch it every week so I
definitely cried when I found out she
died it was very sad chocolate not so
much because chocolates a dog and you
know chocolate doesn't have any emotion
right chocolate so today I really didn't
do anything except for write a video for
Saturday which I'm still not done with
so I still got to finish that before
before I go to bed tonight but I thought
it would be fun because I haven't done
one of these in a while if I did a tag
video basically a tag video if you don't
know what that is hopefully you know
what that is but if you don't know what
that is it's where I answer like eight
questions and then I tag Boop all of you
guys and you guys have to answer them in
the comments and make video responses if
you want and also I'll be tagging like
three youtubers that watch well what's
happening what is happening chocolate
don't you sit there looking innocent I
know you fucking oh oh no oh vegetables
overboard oh god it's a travesty you're
not allowed in here anymore you're
leaving get up go I'm tired of you just
just I don't want to see you anymore
you're dead to me so let's start with
number one number one is what is the
best and worst year you had at school I
would say my best year was probably
senior year cuz I was um I mean I was
really fat but I was like fun fat like
Oh shame he's funny in fact fine fine
fine fine
my worst year was probably
great because I was really fat but it
was more like sad fat so it was you know
not fun fact it was more like um so yes
this would probably be the best in worst
years of school for me well actually
every year of school was terrible except
for senior year so we'll just say that
number two what is a haircut you wish
you could pull off first things first
I'm not pulling this off I wish I could
literally pull it off because I really
want to cut all my hair off um but I'd
say I want to be able to pull off a
shaved head I wouldn't be able to do it
I have a very racist face so and the
mole I have on the back of my head that
looks like a swastika would just be a
bad idea
um but I'd say a haircut that I probably
could pull off would be like a gay faux
hawk right I feel like I could like cut
it short and have like a little like gay
like whale tail that what it's called
although I feel like I couldn't have
pulled off the whale tail in school for
multiple reasons Free Willy the joke
rides itself okay number three if you
could live as a character in a movie who
would it be
miss Doubtfire but not Robin Williams
but just specifically miss Doubtfire
because I love I love old people and I
really want to be an old person and
technically an old woman just because I
feel like everything they do is funny
they could just you know dance and it's
funny they could say the f-word and it's
funny or they could you know spit food
on children and it's hilarious I mean
when I do that I get arrested although
instead of spitting food on children and
urinating on them although I feel like
if an old lady did that it would be
funny I'd laugh okay number four who is
your favorite youtuber my favorite
youtuber is a toss-up between I mean I
have a lot I'd say either dailyGrace or
Tamiya who is black and gay which is
basically just on my checklist for
favorite youtubers I'm like are they
black yes okay check are they gay oh
okay great check are they transgendered
they are oh subscribe
I have found out through my life um
though I'm not gay myself I know are you
sitting down you shocked
I enjoy the humor of the gay people
especially the Negro gay people is that
racist Negro that's not racist right I
mean I just didn't want to say black I
feel like that's more racist I should
have said black can we go back in time
okay so I'd say my humor is definitely
that of a gay black person wearing a wig
um so if you're a gay and black and you
have a youtube channel tweet me
subscribe number five make up a word
what does it mean um I made up a word a
couple weeks ago are you ready for this
I'm not gonna tell you what it means but
you know just feel it gark G a r k gark
now let me put it in a sentence ooh I
was gonna go to that restaurant but I
don't really like going there since the
gark stook over no no you get out of my
liquor store
we don't allow garson here really you
eat that that's so gar ki okay not to me
array assessed by it
like what's up with darks am i right yes
the word means whatever you wanted to
mean me and Shauna and my friend JD came
up with it because we were trying to
figure out a new racist term that we
could use all the time like the n-word
except for not get in trouble for it
because surprisingly enough if you shout
the n-word outside you could get in
trouble so don't do it
so we've been shouting gark at just
basically everybody even why people so
feel free America take that word just go
tell people to go gark themselves ooh
oh that's gross I like it all right next
question amusement park or laying in bed
and watching Netflix this one is pretty
easy for me I love amusement parks I
love rollercoasters I love you know the
smell of Mexicans but getting up and
going and doing rides all day and then
driving home literally it's fucking
horrible it torture like I would much
rather lay in bed and watch that So
Raven on Netflix I mean although if you
go to Six Flags nowadays I heard Raven
is
we performing there so I mean you can
stay at home and watch on Netflix or go
see her perform on stage at Six Flags
both are depressing and the last
question is what is the weirdest thing
you've ever been asked by a parent I'd
say the weirdest thing I mean my mom has
asked me a lot of very weird questions
but I'd say the weirdest thing came
literally like two months ago when we
shared made a video where we talked
about having sex with a couch and it
showed it to my mom and she was laughing
and stuff and then afterwards she was
like um but seriously did you have sex
with my couch and then I had to very
seriously say back to her
mmm-hmm it was a very awkward moment and
it just keeps getting more and more
awkward day by day because every time I
passed the couch I think you know she's
watching me watch the couch thinking
maybe I'm just really tempted to have
sex with the couch but I'm not mom that
was in the past I've moved on okay
I'm having sex with our animals now
that's a lie I'm kidding I'm just having
sex with muffins so what do you think
about taking this to the next level oh
yeah you think so you like when I nibble
on you ooh you've been rolling around in
your own shit haven't you I can taste it
so there you guys go
hopefully these questions were fun and
disturbing and made you hate me I want
to hear your answers I want to hate you
to be as offensive and open as you can
leave some comments or video responses I
promise tomorrow is going to be a normal
hang with Shane I'm going to vlog I
think I'm filming something with the
fine brothers and I get to actually film
something with Daily Grace so that's
gonna be fun
oh but before I go I'm going to tag four
of my favorite youtubers to answer these
questions I made up so I'm going to tap
Daily Grace lisbug bree essrig and the
real cat sketch so you guys have to yes
have to answer these questions in a
video and leave it as a response and tag
whoever else you want so I'm going to go
and thank you guys for being awesome and
supporting me and
carrying that I didn't put up a video
because I was sick and I love you and
this is awkward
his Wednesday how long you guys will sit
there and watch this are you still there
I love you
recipes Whitney Houston bye-bye everyone
we hope you have fun while you were away
if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
