Hollywood sitting on the street of
Hollywood looking at all the fat
prostitutes and homeless people and
Pauly Shore is that Pauly Shore no it's
just a homeless person it looks like
Pauly Shore hey what's up guys yes I am
sitting outside of Lisa's house again
creepily stank like a windows watching
her girls I don't know what voice that
was it was like a mixture of a vampire
and Olga Kay so um I have been working
on the song as you guys know and on the
way over here I was kind of like writing
lyrics and listening to the instrumental
in China you know whatever so I wrote
some lyrics to the first like little
section so basically long story short
it's my email character and he is
singing about wishing he was a superhero
because he thinks ed that would make the
girl he likes fall in love with him um
so the voice I'm singing in is kind of
like you know hi what's up this part
can't really be like that so it has to
be more like hey what's up um but you'll
get it so I'm gonna play this part and
sing you the lyrics I have so far and
you guys tell me what you think okay no
fear Yahiro busy oh my sense is telling
me the King jobs near you cuz you you so
I can watch you're feeling
ready to attack so there you go
hopefully uh you enjoyed that I am
almost done writing the song I'm just
trying to figure out like different
superhero lingo like you know have no
fear your heroes here super sense the
x-ray vision like I'm trying to think of
like all these terms so I can use them I
think it's going really good I'm excited
about it it's gonna be a crazy a crazy
song and I hope you guys like it so
throughout the week I will be writing
and I think recording the song so I'll
let you guys in on that and hopefully I
don't fuck it up
hopefully they got some auto-tune okay
no they do for sure they better all
right let's go see Lisa all right I'm
here where's Lisa Lisa where are you
what huh oh my god she's dead
hey enough know where this joke is going
hey we didn't plan that yeah I think
that jokah supposed to be like she's
dead and then I was gonna be like I
didn't do it and then run out but oh
okay right
oh she's dead I didn't do it Oh Oh is
she still alive huh oh I guess I can
rape her now oh yeah look excited about
that no thanks oh can we just be best
friends again again with the best friend
thing it's a girls night we're gonna
have a slumber party yes it today we are
going to be going to lush and more
fucking soap and then I don't know doing
other stuff with CityWalk that I'll
probably film and then we're gonna come
back here and what's your plan for mood
come back here
okay so when we come you're so close
gonna get close good I snorted I guess I
like her blazer by the way thank you
it's very Drake Bell which by the way
you guys well I'll talk about this later
but me and Drake Bell I've had some
close encounters with in I mean you
didn't meet him no but he said he said
that he was like oh I mean Bri might
have been exaggerating but from what I
heard like he was down to meet me I mean
you know maybe a little bit no like that
you don't like that at all um I'm very
excited
no less to this party at lash we're
going to get products and then really
come home and I'm going to make Shane do
a whole facial I'm gonna give any facial
I don't know if I feel good about that
I'm gonna make you put on my sweatpants
and I'm gonna put a headband on you and
we are going to do a full makeup so
girls night
friends forever friends for life guess
where we are
again again at the city walk and really
quick you have to do it I always do to
brand new people you have to say who you
are how you know me and who your
favorite NSYNC members go okay
I'm Randy I know shame because Lisa
notion and I love Lisa and my favorite
ipsec member was clips why I don't
understand the moon you didn't know you
did you talking what's riding on the
road vehicles so now we're at lunch and
what's your name Madeline so she is
going to give me a luscious rug like
time perfume I've found that you
dependence it's gonna be delicious
you love this buzzer Wow
that is great
are you into that massage I've so many
dirty
unpleasant
she's very strong
whoa I think it smells great thank you
I mean it felt great here it is the kiss
lush flip wall what is this it's our
luscious lips wall wall sign it and
we're going to post a picture up on our
Facebook whoever's lips get the most
light waves a super fun prize you come
back and agree with I wouldn't hit I'm
gonna I'm gonna fuck the wall well look
at all the kisses we have so many
different shades of red but there's this
icky poo poo kissy what what shade is
the poo kissy I'm gonna do it fuckers
yeah they're talking about the scrub
scrub my looks like they'll open their
but I just stuck it right on the wall
it's beautiful I love it
Shane there we go my Pinkus and we're
back the city walk was a joy my arm
smells / feels like gold yes Oh what you
gettin I bought so much stuff this video
is looking very product placement and
it's not I wish I wish that I leave
product lipstick I don't know you don't
get bags I don't really get anything at
lush I mean I got soap one time I don't
need any of that stuff I'm you know
perfect my skin is just so soft ready no
no it's it's just friend skin best
friends don't like each other's faces
will do they smell arms Oh deny alright
so I am officially wearing the best
pajamas thank you Lisa these are great
listen
these look like long boxers I mean look
at you you look all stylish and
fashionable I mean I am - I'm wearing a
button-up pajama Bob can I give you the
matching top to go there's a matching
top hook it up this is exactly nice
all right so what are you doing right
now this is a tutorial people do you
want to do the voice oh yeah I'll do the
voiceover for what you're doing okay so
right now I'm tying my hair and a top it
in a ponytail on the tip top of my head
okay but now you know yeah because you
cannot hipster enough for I'm not
hipster at all for them well you can't
have your reason your hair anybody get a
facial okay no this is terrible oh my
god no not like that that's hipster all
right fix it okay that's wrong oh go
ahead
oh yeah all Scotford and now I look
terrifying perfect oh I look like I'm 40
and it looks like it what could it make
I look like a transgendered play hi my
name is Lydia my name is to be lame oh
yeah naughty mouth
yeah looks terrible the very nice people
at lush gave us this to try you ill it
looks like a dead person just came on
your face oh I hate this I hate this
really yeah it feels horrible it's cool
that's why it's cold and it feels like a
cat with lots of shit in their mouth is
licking my face oh this horrible money
liked it oh oh no oh it's like I just
touched faces with Khloe Kardashian oh
it's so much oh I'm gonna throw up my
throat so wait dad midnight yeah yeah so
Lisa just invited me to lay on her bed
with her so what are we gonna do Wow
I was sort of thinking that you could
eat yes okay we eat my people my bed I
will eat in your face mask in my kitchen
haha can we um yeah I want to eat the
peep in your bed covered
facemask with all of my hair back and I
look like a transgender this is this is
a romantic Saturday night at least would
not at the see oh it's so true alright
so we had to take off our face masks
because they were burning so Lisa's
never tried a peek before show no I mean
maybe like way back from David I
remember okay here's the thing about
peeps there's many different ways to eat
them
you can do it my way the right way or
you can do it you know the normal people
way where they just bite into it what we
are you gonna do it I feel like I'm
gonna do my own way which is going to be
a pull approach again I mean I don't
want discourage it you you like here
I'll show you what I do take the peep
and then you just you felt by it as if
your kitten and it's your teat slowly
but surely until it looks flaccid and
now that it's just this it'll be sad if
that flops on my bed I'm gonna come over
you
I've heard that before no ever and then
you know fuck is it so good what is it a
Marshall whoa in my pajamas Oh your turn
you like it no you don't yeah
are you just saying that for me no I'm
yeah it's the fucking shit they do
different shapes like they have the
hearts and they have the ducks and
bunnies like holiday-themed twins yeah
so like if like what is the coolest
shape you could think of for a peep I
mean obviously I'm gonna go with the
penis what are you gonna go with a hippo
is that cuz there's hip on you lose all
frito wait what this is his name's
Alfredo so leave a comment question the
day what kind of beep shit yeah it comes
to do the day yeah what's your dream
peep shape Liam Kelly oh god I'm sorry
you guys I'll come up with a better one
tomorrow I mean now it's just getting
like this whole just friends thing I
don't
believe it anymore this is best
friendship right here question oh hey
what's up you guys so I'm driving home
from Lisa's house with my clean soft new
face and I feel the same all right you
guys so I am going to drive home and go
to bed and touch myself a little bit I
like having honesty with you guys I like
being open I'm gonna go home and touch
myself I'm gonna get into my Titanic
shirt and my spongebob sweatpants and
I'm going to masturbate I love you and I
and I will have a hot pocket at some
point before or after touching myself
most likely after I don't like to touch
myself on a full stomach
so I love you guys have a good day
thanks for hanging with me see you
tomorrow
ahh that was the most annoying sound in
the world I will never do it again
I lied bye everyone we hope you have fun
while you are you a shame if you're
still alive be sure to subscribe for
more hanging with share
