if you're bored as fuck and you're in
luck because you're hanging with Shane
it's worthwhile so if your day is just
to play you should be hanging with what
are you guys doing in the microwave are
you trying to kill yourself can I join
hey what's up you guys no I'm just
kidding actually why were you in the
microwave weird we'll figure that out
later
so I'm kidding about killing myself I
mean kind of because I'm still sick and
it's been like three days or something
here comes the beasts with rape victim
in their mouths stop raping my childhood
you disgust Beast I kid rape away brutal
look who's here yeah I mean I'm dying
Lord oh yeah come in for a big hug come
on in you like my new look
I look Julie right little bit beard
curly hair yeah
cat a fat little bit where is the wall
of me oh the wall of you oh come here
Lord
get ready to be excited / offended for
the wall of Lauren this is this this is
like my favorite horror who drew this I
miss family there's a dildo in the
picture along with the menorah and I
don't know what a period cup is what's a
hooker cupcake no idea I am certainly
not a Jew for Jesus ha loud you what
about that one that one's nice Lauren
let's go help Shane make videos SJ super
Jew Oh see super Jew that's nice ma free
boat I mean you can't write your name oh
this dude what do you think Jay what's
your favorite picture of Lauren which
one do you think resembles her most
Jared doughnuts
I mean since we're all in the comedy I
think that I mean right I mean losing
birthday time she's so I hey Lauren what
do you think I use this bottle for after
I'm done drinking it P really that's it
it's a funny thing you come up with I
mean I was just being honest I mean it's
real it's realistic would you pee in a
bottle if you could doesn't I've peed
outdoors before I mean it's listen I
went to college you needed me what does
that even mean drink I don't know what
alcohol means what is alcohol I've never
had that I would I would do Mardi Gras
Oh God you know people get arrested for
more than anything in Mardi Gras what
peeing in the street taking shits on the
street true story because everybody's
drinking a ton and there's nowhere to
take a dump and take a piss okay lessons
with Laura's oh right so I just got done
straightening my hair and putting my
black people hair food in and guess who
I'm letting into my world Laura and
everybody she's here she's in the midst
of the magic before and after I don't
know what's scarier
and we are just sitting here going over
stuff because we're about to go to the
motherfucking studio ddle you guys like
it'll really make some music
guys like it's been a while machines and
sex yeah I think been able to go and but
I have so much more inspiration now
because I've been sick and I know what
people in wheelchairs feel like because
I haven't left my couch in like a week
you can tweet me hashtag I'm busy too
busy for you did it hashtag your big fat
jelly collects imma
yeah we're gonna studio yahwea where
we're going to do you know a strong
young willful weirdo oh my god Oh
how does Hillary def talk oh oh yeah
hey what's up you guys um yes I just got
back from the studio Oh dogs were coming
to say hello and annoy me and lick my
balls stop it and I actually didn't
really record anything while I was there
because I kind of got hit with my second
wind of the flu like I thought it was
better but then while I started
recording the song a while we were
arriving I realized I just wasn't so I
have a lot of footage of me just
sleeping so yeah I have to go back next
week and record the song because I just
didn't have the energy to do it today so
this sucks so much like I don't have a
video for this Saturday
I feel so behind I feel like I'm letting
you guys down but I'm just so sick and
like I hate getting sick fuck
so I think I'm probably just gonna take
off all my clothes and watch TV try to
get better oh that could be the question
of the day if you talk about the growth
of the good guy question of the day what
is your favorite TV show to watch when
you're home sick mine well mine used to
be Maury because they would do those
like is it a man or a woman episodes but
nowadays my favorite show to watch is
probably hoarders oh my god hoarders is
like the best show it's so fucking scary
and overwhelming and gross and it makes
me not want to eat it actually he's
probably making me sicker I should
probably stop watching that may I
fucking whatever all right you guys have
a good week I will see you soon and I
hope if you're sick you get better too
so we can be better together or we can
just die together
Oh like Romeo and Juliet that's terrible
all right I love you guys
you
