oh if you're sick is fuck and you
throwing up
well you're hanging with Shane hey
what's up you guys yes it is a sick day
today I don't know how I got sick or or
what's going on but it's really bad so
today is gonna be pretty boring because
I can't really go anywhere I can't
really see anybody because I'll get them
sick
this is basically the life of Amanda
Bynes so I don't know joke does it make
any sense
it's funny here's the reason it's the
medicine it's all of us what am I
talking about where are we
hi how are you doing oh let's go see how
the family is Oh Miley are you sick too
Oh Charlie are you sick oh fuck okay
that's my penis are they not letting you
in well let's go get mom sick Wow what
is happening here you had asked your
fans to start drawing Lauren ah
chocolate shut up I just want her to
Mallory stop oh my god you got money
Lauren you look beautiful
why there's a dildo on it there's a
menorah there's money everything you are
Lord this is beautiful this just as loud
you we love you Lauren oh that one's
nice you don't have a nose in that one
are you gonna love that I love I love
super Jew if you can read that a little
better than me honey
xev yeah well I think I messed up your
name XC via but that's probably the best
drawing I've ever seen
look I mean it sounds very conceited I
hate myself but that is very great so
all all of these honey is dis artist Wow
she's just got the candy underwear going
on and if the police ever raid our house
yeah lots of evidence this is for you
but it makes me think of this is what
Lauren would read her kids go that path
to sleep so when you open it up any why
don't you just say the actual word
yeah no wait mom what is it what does it
become I don't want to know that way I
can't I'll say it when
make me do things but that sounds
terrible
well I'm making you do it what is it fix
it oh my god what does it say
go the fuck to sleep yeah muffins I'm
sick are you sick do you love me Wow I
mean super loud up until last if you
love me oh there we go there we go
okay so let's hang out outside with
chocolate since I can get you sick and
it's not a problem right chocolate he's
like mad the fuck you talkin bout man so
I got this thing um I don't really know
what it's called
and this is not product placement if it
was I would probably rehearse what it
was called but I saw I just seen using
it so I bought one and you put it on
your phone and it like makes it a
wide-angle lens and a like jackass lens
so let's test this shit up chocolates
there and now chocolate is woah you're
so far away
Wow is this cool it's kind of giving me
a headache does this give me you a
headache what do you think chocolate how
close I can get to you looking good
oh woah oh this is like porn isn't it
like that weird blowjob angle come on
Chuck you're blow job angle I'm doing mm
yum yum yum yum yeah oh oh
okay not real blow job that hurt alright
so I decided to sit outside because I
want to read you guys a story and the
story is called would you rather I know
I'm very excited I know you guys are
excited to hopefully because I haven't
done would you rather in like God maybe
a year I just lost it would you rather
book so um I didn't have anything to do
but now I found a bigger better one
that's what she says right after she
leaves me so this will be the question
of the day are you ready let's pick
randomly that'd about that would you
rather have nipples that fused into each
other like a fleshy handle what or have
extra nipples in the palm of your hands
my nipples already kind of look like a
fleshy handle grab on people grab on
let's pick another one would you rather
have your testicles and eyeballs
exchanged or your nose and penis
exchanged now I'm guessing this is a
question for guys but girls play along
too I think I'd rather have my nose in
pina
exchanged because my penis really I mean
let's keep it real isn't really that
much bigger than my nose it'd be like a
cute little button nose so leave your
answer is I'm very interested to see
what you say especially the girls
because I want to know how sick and
fucked up your minds are so yes I want
to do some would you rather s'more often
also I have a little friend here that I
got at the bookstore now he's shy so
don't expect them to be too talkative
yet but uh he's really excited to go
what a motherfuckers hahaha I told you
not to interrupt me like that I don't
give a fuck cuz guess what motherfuckers
I'm a monkey
uh-uh-uh-uh nice Immie I know you don't
I know you seeing me I know you do I
like how my monkey sounds just like
Wendy Williams how you doing ha I can't
wait to get better I'm losing my mind
alright show us since I can't really do
anything today since I'm sick I decided
I would show you guys my bedroom or do a
room tour as the makeup gurus would say
everyone by the way I haven't even
looked how do I look today oh oh
ah so much wrong with this although I
feel like if I lived in 1999 this would
be hot but I don't so it's not okay so
here is my bedroom let's start here here
is a lamp there is a table this is gonna
be terrible very boring whatever here's
a table let's see what's inside uh you
caught me my Batman underwear these are
lucky don't ask what else is in here oh
my god my old ID oh I shouldn't show you
this oh my god my camera's so disgusted
it doesn't want to focus now that's what
i call music volume 4 oh no whose this
is oh god it looks worn out not because
of me here's my closet gay cowboy shirts
and my gay 1980s a night at the Roxbury
jacket and my gay vest lots of gay
clothes in here oh look gay shoes and
then on this side oh hey Mira shado up
by Mira Shan on this side we have all of
my sweatshirts to hide my body because
I'm self-conscious all of my t-shirts
which I never wear because I hate my
arms and I'm self-conscious um who else
we have some guns because I kill people
because I'm self-conscious we have my TV
my TV stand with my puppetry of the
penis don't ask all my DVDs and these
are all very manly DVDs I mean we're
talking crossroads Devil Wears Prada
Princess Diaries I mean I'm pretty sure
this is what Steven Seagal's DVD
collection is like right I mean the
Santa Claus - doesn't get any manly
admit here is my desk and this is also
where I put my wigs and my mustaches and
my Sephora bag things keep getting
manlier and my Titanic poster it just
keeps getting manlier oh wait here let
me fix Justin well you're all sticky
Justin oh oh you cut a little hole there
for me thanks for thinking ahead pun
intended
oh so Jared just got home hey baby
I'm done wait so what's happening
outside marseilles a beautiful bird
right here oh my god a little beautiful
bar to put what is that it's beautiful
I would help but I'm so sad I'm so sure
really hoping this turns into a failed
blog video there we go
not only me my mom not offering to help
but my mom is tiny chatting she's too
busy climbing chatting people please
drop it please yeah yeah let's drop it
oh ah tease
well I'm worn out
all right you guys it is a the end of
the day and I didn't really feel much
today but I'm getting really tired so
I'm going to go sir
can you hear my voice changing cuz all
the blood is rushing to my heart
Oh God oh is this what sex is like I
don't like it
all right you guys thanks for hanging
with me and I will see you tomorrow all
right don't be offended I might have
just offended Shawna this is the first
no it's not I don't know what that was
right
I told her that her boob from the side
with the light right now they look like
an like an ass deformers juicy ass
doesn't he look like an ass but no like
a good at I was just yes like a baby's
ass like a bacon Gerber guys baby yeah
hey you know what they always say this
is the baby's ass higher than the baby's
ass baby's ass every baby's answer to
the shit yeah I fuck with a baby's ass
did you get uncomfortable expression cuz
I was swallowing mine yeah the moldo by
a girl girl who hair flip oh god no no
way
that's short hair flip did you cut
yourself you said mmm in the bathroom I
would man the bathroom the bathroom with
a else baffle wrong yeah wait Poppi
mouth again I can't do it like that
wait pop your mouth on that is why
everyone we hope you had fun while you
were
if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
