if your board is fuck then you're in
luck cuz you're hanging machine but
above bum
so it has come to my attention that I
dress like a homeless black person in
the 90s why I don't know could it be my
ripped gray pants with blotches of neon
pink paint stuck to them or my blue
Missy Elliott jacket or my basketball
workout shirt which I wear whilst not
even playing basketball or working out
so here's the thing like I've never been
a person that cared about looks or
clothes or fucking shoes or underwear
well that's not really in the same
category but you know what I mean and a
lot of people lately have been telling
me that I dress terribly show mostly
when I say a lot of people I'm talking
about Lauren so I'm taking Lauren's
advice and I'm going with Lisa right now
I'm creepily sitting outside of her
apartment building watching I see you
baby I'm depending shadows um Wow real
homeless black person oh my god I'm
dressed just like them yeah I just got
inside Lisa's house she didn't let me in
I just broke in and wait a minute huh
near Shane what are you doing here oh
well Shane I am taking over your life
what do you mean me or Shane wouldn't
you wish to know ha ha ha oh god you're
so horrible yes I'm taking all your
friends I was a worst horrible I don't
even know what that was was that a skit
I don't know but this is what happens
when he comes over he comes over and
then he plays with themselves
wait yeah oh yeah so right now we are
going to go to I think the city wok
which is your favorite place in the
world
okay listen city wok is ridiculous but
they have lush there and nothing says a
Saturday that like
look drunk really is that 7up yeah
I've been sleeping in a doggie bed okay
okay wait but do they have clothes at
City Walk not really yeah I mean they
have black people clothes and that's
kind of my style so do you get your new
jeans I know you can get me whatever you
want
she just what I don't know it just
happened that oh my god take a moment
for yourself
oh my god the thought of changing
somebody hey way to change him
no we'll work on your personality don't
make another chance I call it the new
shape doesn't oh my god so we're at the
city walk of course I love this place I
mean you can't ignore it so of course in
the city like there's a fucking dance
battle
getting it I'm yes get it get it yes yes
yes oh he's losing control I mean look
at the whole circle of here
my god so many children they're all
gonna be pregnant like three years
seem a little uncomfortable
oh my god it's getting better okay so I
watch a show called the Antfarm on
Disney Channel don't judge me where they
came from it is right there oh my god oh
my god that's him
no I'm nervous I'm scared I'm just gonna
creep up behind him
all right you guys guess what Lisa found
him he's fucking here oh my god okay I'm
not kidding right now and I know I'm 23
and this is really creepy and I'm a lot
taller than you but we have the same
haircut so it's fine like I actually
really like em farm it's really funny
like it's funny oh yeah like I laugh
he's like I got a dolt
I mean he isn't a dog you're like 40
right 45:26
I mean he's 27 I'm 28 35 and we're
joking you look good
minus 20 minus 20 minus 20 anybody so
good well everybody out there I mean
just you all love him I know you do I
love him he's getting uncomfortable you
do nothing he's just like a romantic
side rather than not it so right now I
am showing my manlihood at the manliest
store in the world and it would be lush
you know the store would for men for
men's soap for my man body how do I do
this
okay whoo music finger tea right
I'm too close lose our clothes okay
really good clothes good do I lick it
yeah I'm slightly touching so I'll take
ten a black girl sucking on a lollipop
it only means one thing about the city
so what should we get you get best
friend bracelet I want to give my friend
all right like that's a hint
marshmallow song okay I'm getting that
oh my god Gettys what you let's judge me
and your marshmallows I'm judging go go
go you don't think a gangster he's a
crackhead babysitter
what y'all guys look like an crap I'm
done I'm done
yeah spit it out that Eagle of you image
ever look like the worst blow job ever
so continuing my night of manliness I
mean I get a motherfuckin tattoo okay
you know I'm thinking about you some
hard like a a flamingo or penguin with
balloon know some gangsters fuck what
are you getting higher Lisa is getting a
heart because she is a promoting not
cutting I should have said that better
how do I say this okay she made a video
where she said instead of cutting
herself heart on your wrist and do
something
creative with your life do something you
like doing and I kind of feel the same
way and then a lot of guys out there
dealing with self-harm and you're
depressed and stuff so put a fucking
heart on your wrist hard-on
that sounds wrong you know what I mean
I'm gonna get a fucking heart to you
know what I'm gonna get a heart to you
are fuckin hard-on all the time everyone
should get a heart
alright let's do this that's not snot on
my wrist about it we all do it's your
visual and permanent heart don't you
want to be seen you I don't know what
does that mean like it's like a gay
anything you know what do to one facing
me one facing you
really fuck it yeah wait that's double
the prize right good how much is this
I'm only gonna give it to you guys gonna
fry all right cool 105 I just do this
one sealable room not really but you
want it black right black it's my heart
people never ask you to airbrush really
dirty things on them ah yeah sometimes
and like I'll just be like okay let me
freehand it for you I did a regular
tattoo in his friends would do penis -
penis so I like did like good and he was
like oh my god what's so funny
well you just mind drawing a huge penis
there it is everyone
okay I'll seal that heart how do you
seal it
oh wow it's a cocaine perfect where's
everybody think no reaction from the
crowd there we go yes and they're
running away quoi hey guys it is now
time to go to bed and oddly enough I
didn't find any clothes I did find some
grills some candy and some soap I'm
pretty sure I just had a girls day out
Oh No why does this keep happening Emery
so speaking of candy what's your
favorite candy mine is peeps like a
hundred percent no fucking doubt peeps I
just love that feeling of like soft
marshmallow with like the crystal on the
outside and you put that shit your map
and you suck on it and the way I eat it
is like I take the head and I put that
in my hands and then I put the whole ass
in my mouth and I just suck on that ass
that P bass and then I gotta go until
that P bass is nice and just like wet
and then I just take that P bass to
swallow it and then I just pop the head
and just do it much like how I treat the
ladies not at all
alright time to go to bed oh wait a
minute why are you in my bed baby ah I
knew you'd be waiting for me
all right you guys I'm gonna take care
of this I'll see you tomorrow
oh just Oh Oh No
why do I kill everything I love bye
everyone
we hope you have fun while you were
English if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
