pay with the BI yes welcome back to
another creepy video now I know on this
channel I've played a lot of creepy
games I played Bloody Mary I played with
Ouija boards and I tried to summon the
devil in my own house so you would think
I've learned my lesson by now nope
that's right tonight we get Andrew or
maybe playing some of the scariest
sleepover games feel free to get
together with some of your friends and
try these things too if you dare
so enjoy this video and I will see you
right afterward if I survive alright
it's another scary night that fire is so
good oh my god it's so hot oh good it's
really hot but her holy my god it
changed barri boxes so whoo I gotta move
it's actually like birthdays who do make
this a fire it's like we're in hell okay
so tonight we're going to be trying some
urban legends drew do you know any urban
legends
I know a few what's your favorite Oh
like we know what's about me like what
some people say that mi old high school
I used to go in and cry and then cut
it's that real no I love a good true
urban legend scary what's your favorite
legend well when I was a kid my mom
never let me do Bloody Mary because she
said not to play with things like that
but I don't see mom here so I'm excited
to try that one his mom dad yep my mom
had a great time she's not dead but um
I've never done that one I really want
to Bloody Mary well I have a whole bunch
of urban legends that what can I try
tonight and a lot of them are actually
kind of dangerous I'm very nervous but I
feel like we should start slow so we're
going to start with the urban legend
that if you eat pop rocks and drink diet
soda your fucking stomach explodes you
guys ready yeah I'm ready to destroy the
body once and for all inside out wow
that really does look like hell okay
we're on our way to Target to get the
pop rocks and soda Joe have you ever
tried this have you ever tried to take
pop rocks and soda at the same time and
did you survive no well hey this is Evan
the Mentos
pop rocks and soda just what pop rocks
and soda supposedly makes your stomach
explode Mentos and soda makes your butt
explode could it actually kill us
because the Mentos when it's fuck let's
do it we're looking for pop rocks why
are we in the shampoo so she doesn't
need shampoo and this isn't just about
you women kz9 said hey guys i'm here
with my boys and we're messy beep
awesome sort of challenge and here's my
boy so I guess we'll all just play good
enough yeah pop about want a beer
boom which wallet yeah this all of my
son is having fun
no we see the world follow them no this
is real they don't say that shit around
here do you feel anything I obviously
just feel like a bubbling with stomach
doesn't feel too great we just ate a lot
of Jabal way so I don't know what's
going on the other stuff I know too much
I didn't want that many other numbers
but what is it supposed to do what do
people say well supposedly your stomach
can't handle the carbonation and
whatever's in here so it creates kind of
like a volcano
oh no my stomach can handle anything
yeah that's a really big thing this
one's negated this is a Hershey now I
kind of ruined it - I had talked to my
mouth but I didn't know we were starting
okay so we're going to do our second
urban legend now this is one I've
definitely done before and it scares the
shit out of me this is the devil's got
my arms
yeah have you never done this one have
you done this one I on this one all the
time I didn't know there's a
supernatural affiliation with it though
yeah so basically the urban legend is
that when you put your arms in the
middle of a doorway and you push outward
and then you step in the devil grabs
your arms and lift them up it's not just
something your mom told you to scare you
because I my dad was just like yeah it's
just what your body does no it's the
devil all right so let's do this doorway
oh let's do the doorway the haunted room
I'm nothing my back to that hell yeah
open it oh my god that is just scary
room okay ready
are you gonna go first okay here we go
happen in so long since I was a baby I
think you just you put pressure up
against the a as much as you can right
as hard as you can but you have to
achieve the chance with the devil or not
yes you do all right I'll do it that has
a chance to no no no I'll chant devil
we're waiting for you I don't want to do
that I'm into Garrett's body yeah I'm
not that change saying it not me you
can't I break the rule come in come in
Satan Satan come into character waiting
at the doorway of Hell if I have a
haunted room you're scaring me more than
yours is about your panting up and down
my body conscious mmm there's dog stop I
know kids calm
thought you said devil take his load
alright alright yep it's hard as you can
I'm doing it so hard if you knew alright
I think if the devil's ready okay oh my
god oh my god oh my god okay no I'm
sorry but that is actually very scary
it's a devil you know it does feel like
someone else is doing it but when I do
mine no Devils chair gonna be nice
alright was done but that was crazy okay
Satan
don't say anything scary okay so we'll
come into okay Santa Claus okay
I think you're ready okay okay it
definitely like yeah well what is this
no relax your arms and they gonna happen
wait I want to do it now devil take Mike
with your fire body no I want you to
fill me with your six six
what else is scary which is sick huh
lots of youtubers everywhere they are
security guard ready and oh dude he
gonna do you I hate it it's actually
scary and I've done this before but it
felt different you look so good right
now okay so I'm turning off all the
lights because right now we're gonna
play a game called seeking Kittel so
here's how the game works
I'm the killer and you guys want a big
dose so you guys are going to hide from
the killer and I'm gonna come find you
and when I find you your dad okay why
are you the guy you're so scared yeah
and I also have a collection of nice no
shame you my white knight do you want a
machete get one in ideally she wants the
scissors nice yeah no why yeah it chases
with a real knife in the dark
yes so flippin cutter bad
okay fine oh nice all right you guys go
ahead go wrong you are card Shepard
starting now all right here we go just
yeah where are you you hid under the
stairs is he behind the chair
where did he oh my god that was so
obvious hold on I have a better idea
maybe it will be scarier if the person
that's hiding is filming oh that's so
scary
okay so you'll be the killer go outside
are we high let's go yeah go outside
please I think we shad together okay I
think we should oh you mean like
somewhere okay we can like keep moving
locations I think we should go upstairs
right
this is scary
oh my god it's cutely stupid like a
cubicle stairs potamia code where are
you
Wow you guys you should have proved me
anything like that whoa that was really
scary if there's any word I love that
this videos playing hide and seek
fucking five years old pornos scary guys
okay what are we going next
there's a gold baby blue and you to play
baby blue you have to go into the
bathroom on your own turn off the lights
and lock the door you stare into the
mirror hold out your arms like you're
rocking a baby and repeat the words baby
blue baby blue 13 times without making a
mistake if you do it right you'll
suddenly feel the weight of an invisible
baby in your arms the baby will get
heavier and heavier as it grows longer
and why it's larger you'll feel it
scratching your arms before it gets too
heavy you have to quickly take the
invisible baby and flush it down the
toilet and run out of the bathroom don't
do it fast enough a hideous woman will
appear in the mirror the mirror and
Julia
give me that my baby I want that person
the baby but not then because it's a
shame to Hausa not ours you have to mind
this next part she'll scream so loud
that she'll break the glass that's not
good yeah so you can't do that alright
who's going first
did you alright let's do it okay you
ready alright you're gonna do it baby
blue baby blue baby blue baby blue baby
blue baby blue baby blue baby blue baby
blue baby blue baby blue baby blue I see
all nothing I gotta be real
whoa okay open the door you at all you
holding a baby animal
okay next one is called the Answer Man
basically how this works is you sit in a
circle with your friend and you call the
person to the left and we all have to
hit Send at the same thing right now you
would think it would all just be busy
signal's right yeah supposedly one of us
is going to get an answer from yes who's
the Answer Man that's what we're finding
out I'm drew your Guerrieri I do not
have care services one two three your
call I'm getting something like this I'm
getting something
oh we're just going to talk different
endings Garrett I was talking enough
this is scary wait you're getting him to
the boys myself yeah wait I don't think
you're calling Garrett to seem like he's
not getting a phone call you are an
awesome fuck who'd you call
Garrett I don't think you did any sure
that's much sign number who did you call
my number looks nothing like Trish she's
like what okay I found a website that
has a list looks scary so diverse you
know no or maybe the name
hello who either dialed in to here and
there along the echo a guide to the echo
River for Christians and pilgrims yeah
is a public service provided by the
Bureau of secret tourism
I'm underwater under like scary number
you listen for many of our resources
press 1 for more information about our
organization wandering resources if you
don't remember not ever number at all
for many of our sources wait could you
leave everybody for historical sites
along the echo River we press 1 for a
guide to the rivers flora and fauna for
this - for help identifying a familiar
sound for your house dude can you hold
it again right now
crystal I believe me you think you hear
news options again press 0 you more
catalog of subterranean birdsong press
for identifying something that's
happening in the dark question the one
who did the wet rocky contours a vehicle
with a big four sometimes baffling
reverberations then turn mundane
stationary never has my phone number we
know I can't wait blaming my nightmare
literally what what was like when we
realize I look ok
I looked up reddit scary numbers and it
just said it's a strange menu system the
deeper you go the more the story open
hate that but that was scary
yeah that was really scary what's that
word focus to the classroom we're going
to do is release on this is called
humans connect to now have you ever
heard the story about the girl who was
laying down and her arm was on the side
of her bed and she felt her dog licking
her hand so she felt safe but it turned
out it was a guy that came into our
house and he was licking her hand well
and she walks into the perlite kitchen
and the dog is hanging by its neck and
then on the wall it says humans can lick
- well where I'll my dog so here's the
game that were gonna play Garrett's
going to lay down on the couch with his
eyes closed then at me and
we're going to grab the dog and then one
of us is going to lick you neither or
the dog - guess it's gonna be so easy
it'll be so easy cuz your last so what's
my body tire know it's scary
alright let's get the dog yeah okay
you know are you ready to die oh no
you're cheating now he already knows
what you taste like close your eyes
cheeto you're not involved in this game
alright when I cover your head in a
blanket I mean like fucking get in there
who do you think it was thousand you
really no no way I want to do it now
Shane headphones on okay there is a lot
going on at the vertical Drew's hair but
the husband of Bonnie can see drew in my
head doing this kind of juice I took the
set from uno and put it in my mouth to
see if you would feel it differently and
I kind of touch his like give him a two
finger dab dab the back of them to me
and then took that and and or then got
you I think we're done all right
at the end of the night we did all the
urban legends I know a lot of fun what
do you guys think was your favorite I
really liked playing hide and seek with
you guys because it reminded me of camp
oh sorry
my favorite was the demon arms challenge
then I thought you were just being bogus
but when I actually did it that was
scary
it is cool yeah I wonder what the
scientific reason for someone calm at
that I'll check that out what would your
going to report saying being with your
friends yeah no pressure I think my
favorite
part was summoning the devil and having
them fill my body and then hanging out
with my boys wait you're the devil now
daddy well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoy this creepy / funny
video listen a lot of these games are
dumb a lot of them are obviously not
that dangerous but all of them are fun
and if you want to have a good time with
your friends and you want to scare them
a little bit and you should definitely
do some of these all right you guys I'm
going to go if you want me Garrett intro
to keep testing more urban legends give
me a thumbs up so I know I'll make sure
to subscribe to my channel right down
below and hit the notifications l
because I make new videos and if you
want to see all my other scary videos
that I've done with Garrett drew I'll
put a link to a playlist right at the
top of the scription booth quiet you
guys see you next time if you're still
around
