if you're bored as fuck when you're in
luck because you're hanging
listen
time for
Wow so if your day is just to play you
should be hanging with hey how you doing
a bear yeah you looking good you looking
real good
oh this mustache may or may not be real
it's not God it just makes you feel so
cool like I'm even walking cool oh hey
what's up me or Shane
yeah I'm just hanging out with my
mustache that was not as cool oh god I
hear dogs barking and complaining
laureen's here look who's here just how
did you get in don't worry I forgot you
have a key do you really the key word
says okay uh your mom really left to
give me a key but throws up and I
figured nobody else was here so you just
I could have been just sitting and naked
I mean one can hope I mean I'm not
wearing underwear I mean I can tell one
more wasn't allowed ah okay now we're
done now again all right what are you
eating there more in macrobiotic
delicious nose well looks like insides
hmm this is what my insides are gonna
look like in the toilet Oh poop joke
swish what's in the bowl tuna for later
tuna oh god that's what they call you
isn't it
tuna fillet that hit stripper joke pussy
jokes cuckoos man a poop joke East River
jerk and a pussy Joe really we're just
doing it I think we're doing it big baby
it's only been five minutes
Laurie and Lauren I see you sitting
there you're looking like a Jewish
princess sitting on that chair
err look at your hair it is so beautiful
I mean would it kill you to wear a
little bit of makeup finally getting out
of the office duty
why do you poop outside I told you you
can use the one in the house that feels
racist to be sure that I thought right
though
um so if wasn't your black voice I hope
not come on soon uh oh god is that your
black mold it's not sewn up y'all hard
you didn't hire me for my black that's a
hard for my parents your repairs voice
is really good so hot alright here's the
outside are you excited we're finally
leaving oh look a game of Yahtzee
Lauren join wait Laura Yahtzee come play
Yahtzee
hurry Lauren hey not gonna lie it sounds
like a game a Jewish person would enjoy
yeah hey guess who's here before bitch
you didn't yell what am I still I mean
you gotta give up you got to compete
with that girl you lookin classy today
mad at you yeah you know $20 customer
this time what are you what was your
special today every day
I'm gonna do it how I pay rent baby how
much was your Salib are you going
what's your special mom so right now I'm
showing Shawna the best video ever cuz
she said okay yeah he said you were
afraid of babies why are you afraid of
babies
they're not trustworthy they're babies
do have you ever seen like a
nine-month-old you leave that shit right
there you turn around and that bitch is
like all the way over there why it looks
like Patrick from SpongeBob
what do you think his name is what what
why do you say demon it's dancing oh we
have a baby that's what's gonna happen
oh no we're nearly barking the way you
saw the way you suck and I can't go on
without you
oh girl win a porky lot damn so how do
people say hi I'm trying to get you a
man stop traffic
wow he's looking oh if you see you hear
him stopping and squeaking alright girl
there is so many men here you better do
your walk do your walk yes go to so many
police here oh yeah like what you see
ask them to frisk you weird the grocery
so you know we're about to get k
sometimes hate that word
why do you not like that word so that's
where in the world it's so stupid it's
like a little bit man knows what you
think about nom noms no comment y'all
excited about nom noms I mean the way
you said it night I kind of turn me out
a little bit when I know you want to get
it madness Shoshanna does this weird
like retard stripper thing where she
stripper think I'm I don't actually get
me - to Bree this is what she said it's
not a stripper thing but she's a retard
ha ha ha
basically she gets all up on somebody
and starts singing oh do it do it - Lisa
I was like licking right yeah wow that
was WOW stupidest thing I've ever seen
since Steve is like the Man of Steel
here and it doesn't get uncomfortable
doesn't get uncomfortable laughs yeah
I'm are school um here can you shaanak
you know how old the camera right yeah
yeah Oh with my fingers like that there
you go yeah you got this a little bit oh
okay but it's like okay I thought it was
gonna need some butterfly kisses I
thought you're gonna need some butterfly
kisses I don't know were you
uncomfortable
oh no no honestly no but yeah let's
pretend like we didn't just have a
moment okay well we can pretend we sorry
but we all with the internet saw it we
all saw it and I touched myself there
you go do it again there yeah
Shane's wearing tuxedo pants below yes I
am it's my other pants of a whole image
everybody I'm shopping what is happening
right now I think y'all need to get
under that quilt and just deal with some
shit and share that with those are right
now
you know what do what you done is that
you will show your hand at you wander
with it I just smell in it this is what
is that buddy I'm gonna turn the camera
wow it's the end of the night and we had
fun right guys yeah
speechless so we're gonna think of a
question of the day Shauna what's a
question of the day Korea but oh it's
getting dark and they can't see us
yeah and I'm black I'm only I wasn't
trying to say that but like I'm saying
that girly I can't see us anymore
who is your dream Valentine's celebrity
or non-celebrity Shauna who's your dream
Valentine's that's all I can't even see
myself it's good I was good making her
you make are you Frankie Muniz
oh he's apparition pleaser guys is
Valentine leave a comment I love you
guys we're gonna go and explore the
darkness Oh doctor cigarettes in Zulu
that's it daughters of legis of Lunas -
penis bye everyone we hope you have fun
while you are you a shame if you're
still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
with share
