are you bored as well you're in luck
because you're hanging with Shane today
oh hey what's up you guys
did i trick you know damn I mean we're
so similar sci-fi side yeah my haircut
is a little bit B Bri I mean not that be
Bri its a mix between Bieber and Ellen
DeGeneres so it's good uh hey what's up
you guys oh my dear God look at this
watch do you think he can travel through
time so yes I have been up all night
hence the reason I'm making terrible
Justin Bieber jokes that is terrifying
it's like a do do do do do do do do what
am i doing
do you like that Justin nope what was
that how about oh yes I was up all night
uh editing a music video and I'm finally
almost ready done kind of I just got a
couple more things to do but I'm really
excited about it hope you guys like it I
hope you like it Mira Shane because you
never seem to like anything that I do
it's not that I don't like what you do
it's that I don't like you would you
like me if I got naked maybe yeah all
mirrors Shane crazy so today's gonna be
interesting because I'm going over to my
friends house and she doesn't like to be
logged so I'm either going to try to
avoid her and like vlog everything
around her or just say fuck it and vlog
her it's gonna be a hardcore vlog rape
I hope there's lots of blood and it
failed my attempted vlog rape didn't
succeed because nobody else was vlogging
and I felt really uncomfortable
I came out but I did succeed at finding
somebody to rape ah plenty of them ha ha
ha wait they don't know who you are he
please put on a side pony and glasses
shut the fuck up
wait what so kill us I was crash aah oh
my god is that real oh my god I know but
we had a lot of fun what do we do
tonight let's let's give them a recap
since they weren't there we played
apples to apples except for we didn't
bury immersion the dirty bubble
explained okay so you know how the green
card says something and then everyone
else has the red cards and they're
supposed to say yes yes well instead of
the word say the word on the green card
was smooth we replaced it with things
that Rihanna calls her vagina yeah that
was one that was a good one that was
mine Thanks
which one one uh black hole ah mine was
bad haircut or no my mine was Bart
Simpson cuz I feel like Rihanna's vagina
it's like really like edgy so now we're
gonna end the night in a great way we're
gonna go to a Mexican restaurant that
you saw Demi Lovato at I saw her and
Wilmer Valderrama and they were on a
date they were fuckin and the next day
they were on Perez Hilton but I saw him
first
in real life was she wearing her
signature sweats she was she was wearing
she looked cute okay she was wearing
really flowy top which means one thing
like she was about to get aggro that's
soju he's like ah get away this so
Baggins we're not saying she's fatter a
big girl she'll give up but like it's
all true like me when I'm like ready
come on grab all the UH put my big flowy
Titanic chair down that's my favorite
part about playing Brenda is that I can
eat whatever I want because I'm wearing
your Titanic shirt that's so true that
my shirts my Dolly Parton shirts my
Titanic shirt they all are covered in
food
let's go get some food let's get some
nom noms
hey baby you hungry
hey what I'm starving
are you talking expand think baby I'm so
hungry so where to Mexican restaurant
now another were just staring at me just
holding my camera because I don't carry
the camera around there's a guy wearing
bunny ears on top isn't it not Benny
Mouse ears oh I see you think you just
came from Disneyland this lighting is
really sexual hey guys ooh that's hot
we should have a seance all right one
dead person should we come I'll do it
the next day it's gonna be the worst
vlog ever I'm so sorry guys look at this
terrible artwork I know I mean look at
this
awesome artwork ah speaking of flowy
tops I mean guess who came home and ate
more food uh hey what's up you guys so
yes today wasn't I mean today was
eventful but I couldn't really show you
a lot of it so I guess I'll just tell
you about it here's the thing about this
daily vlog stuff I really love doing it
but I don't really know what to do
sometimes because like if I'm somewhere
all day and I can't vlog what do I do
do I just tell you about it I guess this
is our first experience let's do that so
basically I went to a little gathering
at my friend's house and we just pretty
much played board games and hung out and
talked and watch people dance terribly
and by people I mean myself and by
watching I mean me looking in the mirror
which I'm sure weirded people out but
guess what I'm weird so I was at my
friend's house and we were just
basically playing board games and
hanging out not really doing anything
too crazy I mean unless you call raping
and murdering a twelve-year-old
Guatemalan crazy then
call me crazy no we didn't do that I'm
pretty sure she was Cuban and then we
almost played it the worst game ever
which is never have I ever I don't know
if you guys have ever played this but
the worst game in the history of the
world especially if you're me because
never have I ever done anything like my
life is so boring I haven't done
anything unless the categories are like
never have I ever spent an entire
Saturday watching Liz McGuire on Netflix
never have I ever scared it myself on
photobooth while masturbating okay I
really haven't actually done that
although doesn't photobooth have like a
fisheye filter that makes everything
look bigger that's a good idea
speaking of which let's do the question
of the day how about what is your
favorite game I think mine is probably
truth or dare I don't know the craziest
shit happens when we play truth or dare
well I mean crazy if you're like me and
you act like you're 12 cuz the craziest
thing we've ever done in truth the Dare
is like I dare you to kiss that person
or eat peanut butter off that person's
foot doesn't get too crazy all right you
guys I'm gonna go I'll see you tomorrow
bye everyone we hope you had fun while
you were on us
if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
II
