oh wait you're bored as fuck well you're
in luck because you're hanging it with
chain yeah oh I felt like it needed a
little something at the end and it
probably wasn't that hey what's up you
guys yes it is day 22 of hang wood Shane
and I'm not gonna lie I didn't really do
anything today except for sit at this
computer and edit my music video that's
going up Saturday so I don't have any
like fun footage from today I mean I
have a glass of urine if you want that
I'm just kidding that's lemonade
so I pretty much talked about the music
video yesterday but a little bit more
about it it is about cancer and it is
about not just sitting at home and
crying about your problems just getting
outside and saying fuck it
even if I'm gonna die tomorrow I'm gonna
just live it up so I'm really excited
about it I love the message of the video
and I think it's going to be really
really crazy and fun so I decided I
should show you guys a little sleep
preview so without further ado here's a
sneak preview of live like you're dying
start leaving like your diet
like you're jogging yeah ah there you go
the preview of live like you're dying
um so that'll be up to Saturday I'm
nervous I'm excited up I mean I haven't
finished editing it what if it's
terrible what if it's great I don't know
why I'm talking on a dress so since I
didn't really go out and film anything
today I thought it'd be fun if I put
together some deleted scenes from the
last couple weeks so I hope you enjoy
those there's a lot of craziness like
always but before I go let's do the
question of the day
um how about what's your favorite drink
mine is urine once again I'm kidding I'm
totally kidding
see y'all take a sip it's not piss its
piss I don't want to it alright you guys
- see you tomorrow - make me real a cup
stand up on that thing this is the
scariest I don't know what's happening
right now you're like am I supposed to
be enjoying yeah oh damn this is so
fucking ghetto and black you can't see
stuff she has a song playing on her
boost mobile phone back your head on the
ground that's better you guys do the
dance move that you were showing me and
then I'll join in damn this is like the
second shift at the strip club the
ladies are the tired girls
datian people just there for the chicken
wings anyway and she got bullet wound
damn that was real choreographed
Wow I'm hard I'm born all right wait
wait now I gotta get down I think you
pregnant I'm going around so I want her
to order her food like that do a little
test run it Bree will be the waitress
when county-owned feel it is the abate
and Kenan Joaquin arere say that word
for me kima what idiot is my chicken
it's a great painting not out o'clock
with chickens already I feel like we're
gonna get kicked out okay excited about
it set my baby back we bagged a Labor
Day know the help argue go head answer
book I worry I will be my own initial
phone did anybody I dare to eat a thing
about her
just plain eat that one
uh she's getting so into this okay
Lauren it's about to get real as fuck
ready to snort he said you want to lose
weight first way to do it okay if you
really snorted that I would give you
$5.00 I mean there's no way over I mean
I would snort cocaine Russell that I
would smoke drugs don't do drugs now you
guys just stand there and look good so
good so good
is this what Hugh Hefner does he just
dresses people up stairs down uh who
knows they might be 12 hi actually I
want to know how do you think you do it
do you even know what coke is yeah I'm
not talking about like Coke okay
I'm talking about like what you use to
make people like you and stay skinny Oh
what coke Oh what I'm not interesting
how do you think it happens Oh
I mean slow clap we know that from
losing shit that's not a really fucking
no ha ha ha let's all tell you at the
same time on the count of three let's
all say don't do coke ready one two
three
don't do coke ha ha ha ha you know
there's a sometimes there's a recently
doing
say you have a lot more work you can't
possibly do it you know yeah say all
your Tamagotchi pets are dying everyone
we hope you have fun while you were a
mission
baby if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
