I read everybody oh okay that's it
that's all that would be your guys's
queue okay oh wait what wait wait wait
what what did you say okay let's try
this again all right damn
oh hang with shame I mean that's the
best intro I've ever seen
hey what's up you guys yes it is family
and friends day I mean that's every day
but today even more so because look who
we got here
who Debbie
oh girl you look so good there's a fire
next to you
Oh perfect lay on that couch yes
oh I mean Obama no so we have um I mean
here really quick
roll call bring it on style BAM go that
was great that was great good job good
job getting better
um I missed our food that's knob meter
and there's dogs yeah wait where's uh
where's Tara I think my aunt's pooping
my ass moving yay so today we are doing
just stupid random stuff but the first
round of thing we're going to do which
you guys already saw in the intro is uh
what did you want to do because your
birthday's coming up
I don't know this really relates I want
to go swimming
I'm a birthday but I mean here's the
thing like you want to swim me that's
normal but you want to go swimming in in
a stripper outfit you Missy let's just
weigh am i oh god we got this one that
will make everybody make your eyes pop
it go to the bathroom and come back as
sex God oh there you are you're done
pooping where were you ten minutes okay
all right
Shannon knows that's a lie okay you want
you with me yeah just yeah yeah yeah
what's your poop
that's your poop face what's your sex
face gobo gobo okay so ready for this
everybody okay so you're gonna play Tyra
on America's Next Top Model and you're
the gay black guy and you're that ugly
anorexic bitch with really scary titties
okay come on out model punch punch
approaching water ball or something I'd
be like wow wow wow I just I'm not sure
that's like jiggling your junk okay good
thing Wow than you that one thing well
thank you oh yeah exactly
go ahead Tommy for me chocolate and Mike
chocolate you bring a lot of energy to
the table careful moving around that
makes your dynamic model say something
gay chocolates going home
oh yay victory dance
so how's that uh water I should bring
warm
yeah you look good in there baby so on a
scale of one to ten how far did you fuck
him
oh he's showing you the way mom sounds
like the biggest child molester in the
world what you get in a jacuzzi
all right do your craziest jump
something crazy hurt yourself break a
leg Oh
can you do anything like that but jelly
reading buddy there's a role on the show
there's a whole other job
have fun dogs we can't go inside wow
this is Oh a bunny and a derby live it
you guys look like the two-headed twin
well like the mom is like I didn't cheat
that's where all right so we are sitting
at the table you know how you doing Am I
you know and we are taking pictures of
ourselves like assholes and also Mike
put in a what website is it called Oh
like make my babies commerce baby
picture maybe picture management so
basically we want to see what minions
kids are gonna look like as you know
with my baby
she can't have this you look yummy
oh yeah delicious show my baby show my
baby baby let me see my little girl the
hem on my hamburger Lobos I do where we
done what family will be there soon oh
that's what happens to these family
events Yahtzee yeah a girl why so wet
you know you should do to dry yourself
up good dance on top of that table over
there she didn't even hesitate
get that dubstep dance
yeah okay
I mean like we don't want it all hit
back so yeah we don't want to add sex
with you yet there we go and then roll
them shoulders back gonna come back yeah
yeah I think you need to get up on there
show her how it's done
yeah whoa what is happening right now it
became my Eiffel Tower up in here wait
she feels discriminated against you
didn't do anything he's jumping all
right this okay there's a little some
going on here that's making me
uncomfortable a little bit hello mitt
come here come here sit over here
give me breast feed take a sip take a
sip take a sip so much milk actually I'm
sure there's more milk over there
can you please breastfeed with Shauna
please that would make me very happy
what is happening mom did you give her
some of your pills
seriously this is starting it's scary
like what's happening why is there 20
hats on your head
oh wait ready my I'm gonna squish your
head oh do you laugh to art of that
stupid joke what you gonna do with that
hand oh I see uh-oh
Oh getting a little close there Fay can
a little close up you can go up you
can't I'm letting you in a little bit
more
oh I want to get creepy now I don't even
know you I got a kick in the brain
that's nasty that's too nasty for me
what was that oh my god whoa okay well
you need teach me I do this
more hats damn say you broke your vagina
what is happening we don't hit rock
bottom people she brought it scary ever
since we get in the car cause you know
we bout to go tacos that we were going
to Yogurtland that's what I heard but I
heard tacos first where we going back
here why why are you talking like a
slave Shawna where we go
I thought we were gonna over land I just
want to know what a beggar haunted me
the bank I mean you know like Martin
Luther King Day is over girl sorry
you wanna drive Rosie I'm trying to get
a crotch shot ah so we are at the where
are we the Burbank something have you
ever been here before no get ready to
see lots of homeless people prostitutes
and a lot of gay people playing the
guitar my neighborhood right like it's a
Wow hey welcome to the eat the chip
you're gonna act you could just yeah oh
no we were talk about what shot his
youtube name should because she has to
make one and then you came up with a
really great one what was it knows from
a tweet and I don't remember the name I
really don't what is it
she knows what is it listen to me
another friend to me and I'll say Lizzie
whispered to me I really never let you
do it
nigga hey hey can you clear down wait
okay wait wait this is great can you say
I subscribe to and then say it because I
want to like use that in case you make
one that'll be the first video ready I
will make it if you if you do it I
believe if you make it they will come
subscribe yeah all the dead channels
will be born
alright so Shona is doing her magic
chick you're not trying to say home okay
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
whoa please don't vomit I feel like I
could be dead
I hit something I can go anyway yeah
Lucy can you do it hey y'all I got me in
front of 711 a yo and we bout to rob
this motherfucker run man I was
initially I want to say we bought a
running buddy wrong his mother
look at that Kirk that Kirk is looking
at you Sean McClure he thinks that damn
you know like if I was known that should
have been raised I can get away without
hearing it Bobby were made a pressed
bitch all right we better go in there
and then we're gonna come back and do a
haul video show you what we got you know
it ain't gonna be on my channel oh it's
gonna be on so hey yo nigga subscribe oh
my god that's gonna be at the end of all
of my videos now like thanks for
watching yo nigga subscribe I don't know
if I haven't been to you get a boyfriend
if I what I do I get my coochie I mean
it looks like you have a disease
leave it to Shawna to find the biggest
banana of the world in public oh god
there she goes there she goes deep
throwing a banana again grrr I got show
nuts over her
what'd you get what are you gettin Kate
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream
Sandwich that looks like a real giant
peanut butter cup and a cream filled
Oreo brownie and Tapatio to reduce we
are definitely promoting childhood
obesity here they have a double-decker
s'more ice cream sandwich over there
once again we don't do drugs but Kate
looks like she's high as fuck right now
yes she's back you know what I see
yeah Bizu they have these double decker
natural somebody I saw you feed it wait
a minute
cinnamon cookie cappuccino let me get
what look how excited well she she got
cross-eyed girl no matter how hard you
sing to them gummy bears thing coming to
life you gotta buy toes right but put a
bag now walk away in your walk how did I
meet her Jesus Jesus help me meet her
wha hey hope you guys had a fun day
hanging with me that was a very
interesting day a lot of crazy shit
going on and I totally forgot to do a
question of the day so here is my
question what is your favorite junk food
what's your favorite junk food since we
were at the liquor store talking about
it
mine is probably fuck hot anything hot
like hot Doritos or Hot Cheetos or hot
fucking piss in the hot piss I like my
fist cold so leave your comment let me
know and I will see you guys tomorrow
and remember so hey yo nigga subscribe
haha bye everyone we hope you have fun
while you are you a shame if you're
still alive be sure to subscribe for
more hanging with Cher
