ah are you bored as fuck wait
getting flirted a little bit alright
they know this song okay alright
Ju wishing Bank opening ever Oh
rise and shine and oh my god you're so
what Wow oh by the way look at Lauren's
hair today just say okay she got it done
looks so much better than yesterday
although there were some comments on
that video that we're like that asian
chick assad but then and then right
under it it was like no that jus
ichika's hot
Oh where's my head high five books smell
it so what are we doing today like we're
going to the ball to film part of
Shane's video that's going up on
Saturday and we arrested wait
I mean we're going to get arrested
that's a for sure thing but that's why
I'm bringing you cuz I you why why
aren't you wearing your Cleves Mike
leave what I'm just how we can we how
are we gonna get out of like tickets and
stuff on the cop ID but I got Gracie red
bra on today Oh God shoulder does
nothing for them Lauren by the way I
wearing a workout shirt does not mean
you actually worked out I tried going I
set my alarm for 10:00 a.m. and it and
but I accidentally said it for 10:00
a.m. 10:00 p.m. so I didn't get to go to
the gym so I'm gonna stay fat forever
and you're gonna love me I'm sorry can't
hear you I'm playing with my hair you
fucking bitch
morning oh my gosh Leigh your hair looks
good yeah so my hair looks skip that I
have like no way
come on I'll stop it yeah I mean look at
Lord oh all right Wow okay
watch out that bathroom is haunted you
bet to scare the ghosts away oh yeah
in the car again on the way to pick up
Ethan to film this video and our song
came on Lauren it's about us Oh break
break down break down get it get it out
I'm going to make it sick of us dancing
in the car
you got a dancing sexy okay so as I do
in all these vlogs so you have to say
who you are how do you how do you know
me and how jealous you are that I might
rebeccablack go
I'm he's a Newberry I know Shane because
I was in I actually killed you in your
interactive video I'm actually pretty
jealous you met Rebecca black because
that's my most popular video was my
rebecca black parody and I've never met
her and you did she's amazing you're
missing a lot like she's gorgeous and
amazing besides that what she got going
for her
besides breast um talented yeah yep your
talent your talent and a thirteen year
old body although I feel like it might
be an M night Shyamalan situation like I
feel like Friday was like in the
beginning and then by the end of her
life she's just a horrible mess I want
to talk to her again I mean not to me
Rebecca will always be mine always no
matter how many signs in villages she
makes she'll be my fee right now with a
perfume place and I have to buy
something because I want to get the
perfume lady in the video so she said I
have to buy something so now Lauren is
testing out all the perfumes okay I mean
just pick one Lord
Gai hotspot yeah that's the one
all right so right now we're the cupcake
shop and of course I have to buy
cupcakes if I want to film this for the
video god what are you gonna get today's
sugar I'll have one of everything trying
to fatten you up Lauren Wow
you look good in that train baby so
right now we're filming a part of the
video where he is being really creepy in
this miniature train it's not difficult
to do as a grown adult and a child read
the max wait I'm about there 450 Pat I'm
about there a couple more trips to the
cupcake store Oh William Shatner he's
about there and we're leaving the mall I
think we did pretty well we didn't get
kicked out
I got Reza you got some wicked present I
got dear dad you got so fucking stared
at I think is accessory be the question
of the day what's your favorite store in
the mall what's your favorite store in
the mall Lauren which are none what is
your favorite store
do the Apple Store look either I end up
spending the most money true my favorite
store is probably I like all the stores
where they have to like put lotion on
you and they're forced to do it I like
to be really creepy you just like
getting rubbed down I just like getting
scrubbed and they get really grossed out
they don't expect my arm to be as hairy
as it is I guess I don't look like a
hairy person but I mean really I mean
you don't look like a hairy person
Lauren but you are actually I'm like so
not hairy
Yeah right oh they rolled up their
windows Lauren they knew we were talking
about them they were eating like a big
ol like she's in like a hot dogger I
mean Lauren listen I'm not a fan of body
hair but like my leg hair is kind of
gorgeous if you're gonna have it I mean
if you're gonna have it you might as
well touch it look at that cat do i
touch it
look at that cat oh my god
dance baby I don't have to do that touch
it just touch it
come on ready touch it touch it
Sanjay put your hand oh my god
all right so we just got home and Lauren
is uh she needs some cupcakes people
that's a big old plate how are you guys
doing playing Yahtzee who is winning Wow
I don't even know it does actually there
was a lot of dogs fly graft which one is
this one I was like peanut you
understand we just got to cut him up and
like take some bites you guys whoa oh I
need to that one is not good no perfect
let's get more cat hair in it oh thank
you muffins I want to film your first
bite hurry come on come on get wait
fucking destroy that cat oh wait up mmm
oh my god oh god oh
velvety oh oh oh how's it what does that
banana not yeah okay Lauren so you can
go now I mean all that's left is
Shauna's part of the video and she's not
coming to like 9 o'clock so unless you
want to lay on my couch for four hours
just get out get out of my house go just
leave just just hurry up take your scarf
and go you score and get the fuck out ah
just keep it no man
you're catching all of my diseases right
now guess who's here she's feeling bad
because she just spit all over my got it
on my shoes
I told you to swallow in this ass
there's true no what happened was I
looked out they were having like this
in-depth conversation about AIDS and
then I don't and I look down it's Frank
is it true and I look down and I'm like
the biggest banana like seriously these
are the biggest bananas I've ever seen
in my fucking life they're bigger than
my head okay I was weird so right now we
are getting ready because Shauna is
gonna be playing surprise surprise
prostitute it's such a stretcher really
oh my Wow those are crazy is that a
slinky everyone loves this blanket
these my Cinderella slippers cut my
friend Ronnie won't reveal okay I need
to try these on
they don't good don't I feel good you
should feel good company whoa whoa real
confident where's your Schuester
Becca bone okay how about Thank You sock
that was an accident waiting to happen
all right you guys that is the end of
the night I'm going to go and edit this
video and hopefully it comes out crazy
and I'm also going to be picking at the
rest of these disgusting cupcakes that
Lauren fucked up girl Lauren next time
you come over we stick into skinny gal
okay oh by the way the question of the
day was what's your favorite store in
the mall um mine was the soap store
which is creepy I hope your was just
creepier all right I love you guys
thanks for hanging with me and I will
see you tomorrow bye everyone
we hope you had fun while you were on us
if you're still alive
be sure to subscribe for more hanging
with Cher
