hey I just came you that was just too
dirty and stupid it's early I just woke
up leave me alone okay so the plan for
today is Lauren the producer is coming
over and then we are going to go have
lunch with totally sketch and talk about
the music video that is you guys about
yesterday we're gonna plan that out and
then after that I just have to figure
out my video for this Saturday ooh
I need some ideas hey Mira Shan do have
any ideas
shut up and kiss me okay okay keep
watching
I need therapy there's my girl Wow
what's the Asian hair look at that ting
Tong Wow okay so right now I'm sitting
here with Brenda song and she I mean the
 hair you look like LaLanne and
Rachael friend sorry I know it's Clarice
heavys whatever that's a reference that
went way over my head I'm sure they know
so we're sitting here with my video
script so that's what this is
surprisingly my videos are scripted
people so right now I am showing Lauren
my script and I just acted it out in
front of her is very awkward because I
was laughing at every joke you see
ceases Sarah haha I can't under it what
was that word so now she's reading
through it telling me what I should cut
because I mean in all reality it's like
10 pages and I don't have time to film a
10 page video so what's something that
for sure you think we should cut that we
can tell them about um I think you
should cut the
where there's a little kid on weed I'm
just funny it's funny but we're gonna
use it maybe for another's yes that's
true yes all right now what's it kind of
just doesn't really fit in with the mold
with everything anyway so I think we've
got that shame it's kind of like you and
me we don't really fit the mold it
what's wrong with your jaw by the way to
be blowies stop nobody don't make noises
I'm just guessing my car is disgusting
because of you my gosh because of me
I don't remember chewing gum and
spitting it on your backseat or if
you're forgetting things now okay yeah
that's true I probably did do that it
smells like pickles it does really good
why does it smell like pickles in here
because I want to be Snooki remember she
like loves pickles yikes I was like
trying to be a young joke and it was
just uncomfortable and like three months
late story of your life she's got them
moved like jaga she's got the moves like
Jackie
yikes that's what actually is probably
what Jagger moves like nowadays he's
pretty old and crippled so we're on the
way to have lunch this restaurant that I
will not name orange I mean it's my
favorite restaurant ever knowledge is
everything diarrhea every time control
Rhea explosive I mean there he is baby
you're in the daily vlog hello what is
it look at you at the open shirt
oh how are you know what I just did I
think it's got an extra button Oh
everywhere whoo we're ready for the
paparazzi right Brenda all the paparazzi
following this Disney star oh that
should be the question of the day who's
your favorite Disney star who's your
favorite Disney star oh those um those
uh those winds that are like still in
like a weird
Hubertus a second Cody yeah those guys
yeah you like those guys don't you those
guys you're still looking the awkward
stage like 20 years later well he's
still in the awkward stage and he's
probably like 35 mm-hmm I mean orange
beanie hello oh my god Lauren they're
playing this song we're gonna do it's a
sign are you gonna be a dancer in the
video yeah get it get its gonna be a
terrible video Lord all right
she's dropping me off everybody you're
so over me beyond over Tina getting
close to Shane's heart be over him it's
such it when people are tired of me and
they hate me I love them more loves me
Oh love your pants by the way right oh
wow it's what is that I don't know
beanie baby give me a drag green around
with you Oh get the out
bye hey what do the guys first of all I
am pooping right now I feel like we were
at that point in our relationship or I
can do that in front of you did you hear
that okay second of all this house is
 haunted you already knew that
but it's getting worse so did you hear
that the door like pushed itself open or
shut these lights have been flickering
like crazy it did it see it did
you see that did you see that oh it's
doing like crazy right now okay
okay I'm scared okay now I'm scared and
I'm on the toilet I can't get up okay
okay I just need to get off the toilet
all right so right now I'm filming a
video for Saturday and as you can see
this actually isn't a real bedroom
I know total 9 it's just a bookcase
a really shitty bookcase it's literally
about to fall apart
my camera my lights my fake guns I'm all
prepared so that's that and right now I
have to get muffins because I want
muffins to make a cameo and literally
like I have hours of bloopers I don't
even know if I should call them bloopers
probably blackmail of me torturing my
 cat because she takes forever to
meow in real life she's fine on camera
she's like any I am doing
it for free
okay muffins I'm here you know what this
means yes please me out like that when
we're filming okay not like that god I
don't want Peter to kill me whoa Shane
your phone has a text message it's from
a smash it says threesome question mark
I think I'll respond to this one hey
look I'm on a camera why do I look so
fat Shane your cameras on fat mode I
guess that would explain all your vlogs
hey everyone oh wow I found my light
there it is
little head turn I just got dizzy just
threw up in my mouth
swallowing it how are you guys doing
Shane's downstairs doing something
stupid so I decided to take his phone
and hang out Oh looks like the chief
left his hat which she would have left
his taser so from what I've heard you
guys miss me
that's very nice I don't really miss you
I don't know you I mean I know a lot
about you you're sad lonely depressed
obviously blind and deaf most likely
Mexican retarded I'm just guessing from
the comments I see I see a lot of lol
I'm discussing it means La Migra Oh
Migra something like that Oh oh hey
there sexy lady how are you doing oh I'm
doing fine how you doing oh I'm doing
fine how about you hop out of that
mirror and happen to me huh you're
moving so fast racket this is getting
weird
can I show my vagina on here you let me
try mom what are you doing oh no I was
just
was my mom in here I'm not crazy I know
that was me
seriously just one night where I don't
have to wear lipstick just one
so yes you guys that is the end of the
night I have been filming all day sorry
I didn't show you that much of it I'm
going to be filming all day tomorrow
that'll be more interesting because
there's gonna be like Shauna and this
other guy Ethan and a lot of people so
that'll be fun so before I go the
question of the day was who's your
favorite Disney star mine is Raven I
mean come on do I even have to explain
all right 11 guys see you later
Oh double lips huh bye bye everyone
we hope you had fun while you were
English if you're still alive be sure to
subscribe for more hanging with Cher
