hey what's up you guys yes it is day 12
I think and today is going to be a
little bit different because I had some
stuff going on today family why's that I
needed to take care of so I couldn't
really vlog but I did have all the
footage from the bake-off yesterday and
so I put that all together and it's
pretty crazy and I'm not going to give
away who wins but let's just say it's
kind of a twist ending
so have fun watching and I will see you
guys at the end of the video love you
I'm free I'm Alisha I'm watching brain
Alicia Oh God Shan Shan I'm Sean and
we're teaching Dharma someone should not
heal hey myleeza ho oh boom boom so
Jared is about to unveil the secret
ingredient for today's fake off we have
to incorporate whatever is under that
what is that like cow this dog here bag
that dog hair magnet we have to use that
in our bake-off for the secret
ingredient oh I don't want to use fiber
cereal that's nasty let's just use no I
got it oh man this just turned into a
product placement oh by the way if you
guys want to watch Bree and Alicia's
adventure you could check out Brees
channel it'll be there nothing going on
you want to see somebody lose you could
go to their channel a specific here oh
you on it yeah click click right on here
click right here to go on an amazing
adventure
us don't click it no cuz you can stay
right here for this right here they have
this wide leg why to to fight all right
Sonia Shawna all right Wow girl you
match the background it's nice I planned
it thank you so now so we're
brainstorming so I have a little idea so
I'm about to be cheater right now
because he's my brothers I know I know
what he likes but that's not cheating it
would be it would be one thing to ask
him you know what you want to eat for
the thing that will guarantee as a win
that's different yeah that's true like
like I might have done last time we
ain't sayin we ain't talkin about this
up hey you Andy so Jared likes banana
cream pies so I'm thinking we take these
cereals crush them up create um that's
the crust to crust
alright so we got a good kid to the
story and get this shit cracking okay
we're going to look up a recipe and then
we're going out right buck yeah okay BAM
but good right that'll be the transition
to eat any titties it's like now we've
the store plan all right we are a
Ralph's and team Shannon aha
Roy Roy we're out
we just got yelled at by a crazy pan
that's a good sign hey this time offers
that have fun losing they always do all
right we trying to pick out what kind of
nuts we want on it what kind of nuts you
want well okay so we may or may not have
gotten way too much shit hi what is it
what did you brother call its donors
donors delight okay like we came here hi
which we're not BAM here's the judges
I'm Jared
I'm Jani and what kind of judges are you
critical judges black changes what's the
most important element of this dessert
delectable the delicious I need
everything in one bite
I need chicken in mine ah that's all we
get we got there okay so we are back and
here's the plan we're going to make
eclairs the dogs are very excited very
excited okay so we're gonna make one
which is gonna be filled with chocolate
pudding and chocolate chips covered in
caramel sauce right yeah and then the
second one is gonna be filled with
banana pudding cuz that's your favorite
as can be covered in chocolate and
there's me some nuts on it that's a
whipped cream right how do you think she
just had an orgasm everybody huh oh yeah
mommy not oh fuck you so we're making
our whipped cream alright be dishes
- shall I get o me money who are we grow
enough gyrating you got a Greek okay you
greased up that pan a pan that pan is
greasy how greasy on a scale of Oprah -
will be covered with a gulper how easy
is it
ah mommy is some Gabourey Sidibe okay
cannot be - freeze
I guess yeah I think so I think we I
think we ain't need another okay so
here's the pudding filling and I'm about
to try it I'm nervous
surely it's good
look yeah
hey no no not over here Yomi you're a
fat bitch eh alright we have a minor
difficulty our shit caught on fire
okay okay it all know burnt in a normal
birth it
Oh looks like our dessert is pudding
okay hold up I gotta add my secret
ingredient
all righty mix it ha ha
I so want that now okay Shauna would you
do the honors of beating up on that sack
here get it
wait that's but if I'm mrs. Mehra -
graphic oh my god more gentle all right
you busted it you was okay all right so
me and Shauna are done Shauna is real
done she is so dad so you know we almost
burned down the kitchen and we had some
problems couple times has the problems
found some hair in the food so we had to
reimagine our dish so instead of doing
an eclair which is classy in french we
did two pudding cups which is you know
ghetto black unclassy as hell so we seem
to win what like for real how did this
even happen sorry
hey you Jenny okay so the judges are
here they are ready so we have dessert
option number one from a group that
might be an overachiever and then we
have shadow why don't you bring you
number two
so you know already scoop stick it out
you know like donkey mouth here we got
real desert alright so here is the
banana french toast parfait everything
is white leaven so really get in there
because there is little ears
yeah everything in there is from scratch
homemade that doesn't miss our
appetizing to be ready we pick that up
they know you're left in it that's the
press tomatoes the secret ingredient was
it all a dream
yeah yes okay try in a gallon of water
give me add water when I like dogs with
long times you can't like lick the whole
yeah like we got a chance I got these
are we so happy yeah let's make water
the secret agree all right so you guys
take a minute to talk amongst yourselves
we will come back and you tell us who
the winner is
Oh like you they ate the whole bowl they
kept going back like they was exactly
and it was surprised at how good to see
creating to me it worked well with it
don't ever say this way yeah see I'm
right there right there yes ma'am this
is on the count of three you guys have
to say which one you like better number
one or number two one two three what one
I'm really going for bananas
oh yeah Wow well there you go team
should not know I really need to figure
that out so since I want to do a lot
more cook-offs in the future I thought
the question of the day could be what
should the secret ingredient be next
time it can be anything you want please
just not cereal I still have diarrhea
from all that fiber all right I'll see
you guys tomorrow
you
