Oh if you're bored as fuck oh you're in
luck
birthday edition yay oh my god I was
finished she was in there for 30 minutes
look at my hands my scary hands I bet
you think I'm a monster but I'm really
Dolly Parton y'all here except you guys
yeah I don't know why she would make
this shirt I mean like she looks
gorgeous don't get me wrong I mean look
at her Ronnie but the hands I mean they
photoshopped everything else you might
as well take a little time to make those
fingers not look like skeleton sausages
damn yes I'm wearing my Dolly Parton
shirt which means that it is time to
write today Lauren is coming over and we
are putting together a script treatment
for a TV show that we are going to be
pitching pretty soon I'm really excited
about it it's kind of like the story of
my life working at a weight-loss company
with lots of crazy characters and stuff
kind of like Arrested Development but
like not that was a terrible pitch I
need to work on that so she's coming
over and we're gonna do that and it's my
mom's birthday so first of all I've got
to figure out what the fuck to get her
second of all I think we're gonna take
her to dinner and maybe go line dancing
I don't really know I mean I'm already
dressed for it all right let's go see if
Lauren's here yet all right I'm gonna
pick out a hat for Lauren to wear I feel
like today's a hat day Oh found the
perfect hat hot dog is that kosher I
don't know okay I think I saw Lauren's
Prius the cheese car in the world we're
waiting Lauren look at Charlie Charlie
so excited Lauren there she is out there
Oh God look we're mingling hurry up I
love that Lauren is helping my mom with
the groceries yet I'm sitting here in a
tiger hat
doing nothing I'm a terrible person
single Housewives of North Hollywood
here they come there she is
sorry she
I have a hat for you girl
is it kosher I don't know are you all
beef dogs no swine in us at your
thinking cap for today it's full of
ideas so everybody wish my mama happy
birthday oh oh I mean you can't hear
that but they're all saying happy
birthday shall we hold are you 53 Wow
old but not I mean that's not that Oh
that's only half of a hundred this is
the writing room people where all the
magic happens put your hat on
that's not your hat oh that's oh yes
that's your look ok so right now we were
coming up with funny jokes and I just I
think I might have a sighted Lord and
what else is new no I had this idea
where uh one of the girls in the show is
like in love with this dude and she
gives herself a makeover and she's in
love with him and then at the end of the
episode he turns out to be gay and he's
like I finally have new legs
and he gives him both a hug and I was
like Lauren you probably know what
that's like right you started this
before you describe music oh you've been
through this before my business girl
who's in love with this guy does be gay
because her his hag and she's like
that's the story of my life maybe you
should be the chocolate girl I don't
know
so let me just got a text from my mom
say what is it a sec say I say sext what
did ii say Theresa and I are sexting um
NBD my tiny chatters want to say hi to
you with a million excellent points all
caps yeah my mom is screaming inside
right out are you gonna go say hi I'm
gonna go with this out let's go fuck it
why not oh my god do they see me oh I
love you oh my god we love did you oh my
god her head is getting so big right now
I can't fit my head
often it already can't pit matter oh
shit oh shit this is my life people oh
here comes a jacket
I love Thursdays okay so we are still
here writing and something I think I've
showed you guys but maybe I haven't is
that my jaw is actually super fucked up
from doing in Hilda so much so wait see
if you can hear this can you hear it get
here Lord hear that hmm do you think I
should get this checked
zing zing aah
I came here to work what are you doing
you know you're jealous of this hey Lord
boom
I know your inner lesbian is so genuine
you are so jelly Clarkson you are so
Angelina jelly come on think of water so
gel McPherson don't yell McPherson
you're so jelly Pickler
Oh all right we are wow that's right we
are on our way to my mom's birthday
dinner mommy excited don't be tardy for
the party already singing housewives
oh don't be party for the part yeah
a very interesting night people who we
are driving we are on the way to where
we're going mom Oh Cheesecake Factory
okay so since today is her birthday I
decided that the question of the day
should be birthday wishes Jared what's
your birthday wish is to be able to look
sexy in a tank top
oh wow we already look sexy in a tank
top
thank you my birthday wishes completed
is really getting that compliment
granted my birthday wish is for some day
me and Paris Hilton to become best
friends forever
Oh H my ass mom I mean it's her fucking
birthday what's your birthday wish to
are you uh to meet someone benched what
is that
I mean what does that mean to meet
someone to meet a wonderful man okay
Angie wife
me cheeks Oh what's your dream man
somebody who could handle all of all of
you guys like sounds like a molester
yeah have a little bit o breeze here and
she brought flowers okay now make out oh
okay so we are at the table behind a
bulletproof glass just for my mom
because people want to kill her yeah and
here's our food so I got a chicken salad
would you get chicken salad what'd you
get Boston to Vinci with parm what'd you
get what'd you get
what is this 100 most sandwich I meet
her get it yeah absolutely
how does it taste like an Indian I am
not touching jared is showing us his
brand new style my new swag swag I don't
look like one of the ladies from the
help wait can you say I made a pop I
made a pop it's like I'm watching the
movie happy birthday to you happy
birthday happy birthday to you it's your
birthday
hey you're turning 18 hey baby do you
woo
tene everybody in a world like this I
wish I had a savior oh wait it's Rainbow
Brite
fuck it put the dog away Rainbow Brite
oh well okay I don't know if that's
really this dance chocolate likes it so
Rainbow Brite how are you gonna save the
world
um first I'm gonna crawl up into my
guard pose okay Jack I just trying to
crawl in there with you please - oh my
god please don't great talk I said oh my
god he's also trying to save the world
everybody its shimmer man dr. J so let's
go save tiny Jack cuz I heard that my
mom is she can't get on she's a little
bit upset oh no what happened your kids
aren't getting off cam and it's really
Oh No a little time for Rainbow Brite to
fix that situation when I clap can we
like teleport to the next room okay
ready one two three oh three BAM
that was fucking magic people all right
we're on tiny chat right now and it's
about to get crazy
damn oh this is uncomfortable
alright guys dancing I want to see her
dancing
I'll get me getting it Oh God
sometimes I wonder if I'm on United
States at Paris mom no you know you got
to do know Steve knows what he got to do
yeah guess you made a surprise
appearance go in there girl Shawna your
other man is waiting for you
he's waiting it he's like come on over
the door open they do it ready here we
go
oh yeah oh there we go
all right so right now we are having a
bubble competition mm-hmm
choose many pieces as you can how many
do you have in your mouth five nothing
will give me smoke I promise I'll be
doing this with my fucked up job whoo
here comes Kurt he leans over slowly
embarrassing oh fuck yeah I'm done can
you say happy birthday to my mom in
Jamaican I need a beat okay
Jerry give her a beep happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you happy but
the most racist thing I've ever wet
battle here we go I've been free seven
years get ready to question your
blackness on this one she's down 40 they
were not believing you could you come
any questioning yo what's up here we go
now my name is Steve I don't want you to
leave I want you to stay as long as you
want you okay is that good cool I don't
like to drool on my pillow I'd like to
sleep on my dealer yeah my friends I'd
like to hang with my friends and then go
to choose the store after the store and
do a little bit more we go down to the
boardwalk actually not very much because
those are not expensive that's the main
thing that's really cool about whores
that's your man yeah know where you find
me yet with all your little kids up on
tiny check oh fuck you saying you'll see
you fucking Rick yeah witnessing you
Steve I'm no longer black yeah she gave
it to you in question yeah BAM I'll take
it
I want some blood I'd ask for them sorry
he's got it all ha ha ha she doesn't
think that you guys want her to make a
youtube channel I think she should yeah
dear god yes y'all straight line she
doesn't okay so leave a comment saying
we want Shawna and I swear to God
sexually yeah you know what I'm saying
and I swear to God there would be so
many and then that'll force you to do it
see I like force and sexually in the
same sentence I mean wait well no like I
mean no that's not what I mean come on
you guys this is official we're gonna go
stunt I got this app and it basically
tells you if there's ghosts in your
house and I did it the other night and
it told me there's a ghost in my closet
which is where I saw my dead grandma so
I told see the bat and he was like I was
like dude that's that it feels weird
over there so here's how it works
so this little thing up here if it goes
into the red that means there's a ghost
there's little dots if little dots pop
up that means there's ghosts and then it
tells you words that the ghosts are
trying to tell you this app some super
legit right
so just how it's called with all the
latest technology don't buy it it's
probably piece of shit okay ready
oh my god oh my god look I told you look
a little circle that's a ghost and it's
goat fight it said fight she what what
what what what level what wait what wait
what what what's going on but swear
screaming why are you crying wait what's
going on are you buying no whenever you
turn one the wall you're here was it
holy shit
you fucking bitches for a bitch with
your acting look at you you're so proud
of yourself what a fucking bitch
oh my god oh my god it's a Jake what my
brother there's two there's two ghosts
now oh what the fuck
I don't know real it's not ok no call my
momma call my mom up to those dad dad
what the fuck okay wait Theresa mom
Cameron are you getting goosebumps
you're like now I'm Craig mom mom that's
the thing went crazy and it said Jake
and then it's a dad OOP there it is
popped up there's a ghost convicted
convicted
now that's an amazing word oh there's
another one - okay Oh another one oh my
god oh my god oh my god three oh my god
okay see what this talk to us just
remember the ghosts are only gonna
follow you home hey what's up you guys
yes it is the end of the day and the end
of the week so I will see you guys on
Monday I hope you have a good weekend
and
I think I'm going to do another bake-off
haha and what else that's about it Oh
question of the day if you could have
any wish you wanted what would it be
alright I love you guys see you later
are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck oh good you're here
