if your board would what I mean if
you're bored as fuck well you're in luck
cuz you're hanging with shit okay I got
this practice if your board is fucked
and you're in luck cuz you're hanging
with Shane yay hide your kids hide your
wives heads up you guys it's the rapist
here um no it's Shane and I look like a
rapist cuz it's been like four three two
um it's been a while since I've had a
shower I swear to God after I go to the
gym I'm going to take a shower so the
plan today is to go to the gym um get
that out of the way there's a girl
that's sitting in the car in front of me
and she's totally watching me vlog and I
don't know if she's hitting on me or if
she knows she's rolling up her window
yep she's afraid of me okay perfect and
then I think we might go to the mall cuz
I have to figure out what to get my mom
for her birthday my mom is really hard
to shop for is she's not really
materialistic and she doesn't really
care about that many things so I have to
figure out something unique something
heartfelt maybe Snooki's new book I
don't know right so Miley has a little
puppy flu how are you finding Miley now
she's all drugged up laying in her bed
just like the real Miley I get so sad
when my doggies are sick it's okay
you're gonna get better I promise I
don't know I mean I ain't a vet she's
like what my friends say had everybody
say hi how are you doing me I'll miss
you good do you miss them no literally
sick read no fucking bitch hey what's up
you guys
it is 5 o'clock I'm not doing good at
these daily vlogs cuz by daily I'm
starting at like nighttime but yeah
today there wasn't really much to vlog I
went on a couple meetings and we were
talking about the movie and trying to
figure out exactly what movie I should
write whether it's a high school movie
or a movie where I'm not playing a bunch
of characters I don't really know I mean
do you guys want more of that do it more
of that or do you want more of that you
be the judge
definitely no more of that no more vests
I'm sorry it's done they're dead so
today my friend Annie is going to come
over and we are probably gonna go see a
movie or something just so I can get
away from my computer
for a little while and I don't know why
I'm walking around in a circle just
making you dizzy are you dizzy you're
gonna throw up on your throw cuz I am
muffins you said you didn't miss them
why do you keep trying to talk to them
go away just go leave I see you standing
there just go that cat I swear to God
every day it turns into more and more of
a fucking diva hey I am outside yes and
I am with ok so here's how it works you
have to say who you are how you know me
and how jealous you are that I met
rebeccablack go
I am Annie I met you at VidCon what was
that a couple years ago and that's crazy
cool that you met rebeccablack I didn't
even know that I think she's amazing
I would marry her right now would you I
wouldn't hello Doctor
yeah let's practice let's do a law
practice all right if you're bored would
what I mean if you're bored as fuck well
you're in luck cuz you're hanging with
shit ok crack this practice if you're
bored is fuck can you look cuz you're
hanging with Shane that was really good
now can you do it one more time I like
the energy a little bit more maybe even
a little jig little dance
if you're bored would love do you know I
mean I like that too if you're bored as
fuck well you're in luck with it if
you're Buddhist fuck you and look
because you're hanging with Shane yeah a
good job here is your donation to the
church of well whatever the restoration
means you are right brother every you're
even more I can pay huh yeah oh fucking
amazing anything helps even a smile now
you have a good smile my smile I think
is a little creepy films dude do you
want to see what my smile is ready are
you ready for this
does that help hey Jess okay guys I'm
outside of a sushi restaurant and I just
walked by in the whole cast of teen moms
like the whole cast is sitting at a
sushi table so I'd have never done this
but I'm going to sneakily have you never
seen Teen Mom yes I have but I just
don't know okay okay so I'm going to
sneakily do this you okay so you stand
on the left so it's like less less
conspicuous yes okay there's a crowd of
people coming so we're gonna try to
blame we're gonna blend three one two
three and we're blending we're blending
we're blending we're blending totally
just blended we plan do we get it okay I
gotta check Buckeye blended too fast
people go no I mean it's I mean now is
just getting stock he liked it that's a
fourth time I'll super-slow-mo it but
you probably still won't see it but let
me explain it was the Caitlin chick with
a wig er boyfriend and she had a no hate
symbol tattooed on her face which I mean
you know she's political and then you
had the chick that slammed her husband's
head to a wall he wasn't there oddly
enough she probably killed him and then
you had the guy that kind of looked
retarded but he's sweet and the
girlfriend who looks not orange at all
in person she looks really good um and
they were eating and I want to meet them
like I don't think it's weird they're
sitting right by a window there they are
sitting right by the window like they're
asking question of the day what
celebrity would you be too afraid to go
up to a person I guess mine would be
teen moms what would yours be um I'd go
up to anybody I'm not afraid to go to
any of it even hope her Winfrey know I
looked like an idiot but I would prefer
to go up to her she'd probably tase her
you know girl with Stan Lee oh my god
I'm being chased by Oprah all right last
attempt there they are
damn it I miss it again and I was
crashed it would have been worth it all
right you guys hanging back home
I just realized these ceiling lights
make everything look like a really
screamo music video I was wrong
that was random I'm sorry I'd go in my
house to do something fun and
interesting with my mom and my animals
but unfortunately they are all passed
out on the couch watching hoarders so
not much going on there so I hope you
guys had fun even though it's kind of a
short day tomorrow should be a little
more interesting it's my mom's birthday
so I got to figure out oh fuck I don't
even have anything to give her oh shit
she's gonna see this I mean I totally
assigned a giver it's a huge surprise
it's in my car I couldn't even get it
out of the car cuz it's so big I have no
surprise I'm a terrible person
either way tomorrow should be
interesting so I will see you guys
tomorrow and have a good night I need an
ending song bye everyone I hope you had
fun cuz you were on you with Shane
that's a little rough alright see you
guys later are you bored as fuck well
you're in luck because your hair
