hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you WTF five have you
ever been hammered if you're underage
it's okay to answer because to any moms
watching we all know the answer is no of
course not for those of you who answered
yes
don't go rescue sick mother daddy I'm
just good however if you'd answer yes
that question the chances are you may
have also been in an uber which if you
don't know is the modern rideshare
program where they hire literally anyone
to give you rides to places like this
guy oh oh oh oh god they would hire that
guy would you hire this guy no and as
popular as uber is nowadays there are
guaranteed to be some terrible stories
about it I mean when was the last time
you heard a headline saying uber driver
does something super nice to someone
exactly so that's it for today's video
we countdown the five worst uber horror
stories number one have you ever robbed
someone at gunpoint Tommy you have well
in that case get along sir you're going
to jail someone don't worry guys I'm
getting rid of all the scumbags watching
this video but if you are looking to rob
someone then you're in luck because your
new Bert can also double as a getaway
vehicle that's was the case of the
incident that happened in Portland
Oregon where a man got an uber robbed a
bank and then used the same over to get
away this really happened the best of
all if this happened to where I live
which is hysterical and if you're
wondering no I didn't do it at least
that's what I'd say if there's any
police watching but the hopefully
unknown man only identified by this
picture was dubbed the rideshare bandit
as early on September 27 2017 he flagged
down an uber in Southwest Portland and
stated that he needed a ride to the bank
and would be willing to pay the man cash
once he arrived in the bank but the
driver didn't know was that the money he
be withdrawing was not his you guys like
that that's pretty dramatic right after
robbing the Umpqua Bank in Portland he
got in the same uber that was waiting
for him outside the bank and drove off
which my question is how did the driver
not notice that this was going on like
all right and just wait here it might
take me a little bit yes sure no problem
man just take your time I love this song
the driver they took the man to
Northwest Portland and dropped him off
near pharmacy and that is the last-known
location of the suspect still at large
and with all that just terrible news
stories coming out about uber I feel
like they should just own that you can
offer a getaway vehicle service to
criminals like you've heard about uber
excel you've heard about uber means
where you can get your favorite food
delivered to your door introducing uber
crime do you need to escape the law hire
bad guys that offer some reason or
Russian hello I am glad to be unperfect
escaped in vehicles that no one would
ever suspect is being a getaway vehicle
hey copyright 2004 Honda Accord perfect
then as with every humor experience feel
your life threatened before your very
eyes
uber crime getaway your way number two
well usually it's the uber driver that's
a nightmare in some cases it can be the
passenger or lest we forget the
pillaging of like the continent of why
yeah that is actually a real thing but
anyways with this next story that I
actually covered in WTF news a nipple
driver was attacked by a belligerent
passenger after the driver asked him to
exit the vehicle for not giving him
directions no you're too drunk to give
me directions ma'am sir get out of my
car or I will call the police
seems like a totally sensible reason to
beat someone right yeah leave it to a
guy in a backwards hat to unjustifiably
smack someone and pulled her hair but
the uber driver Edward Caban was luckily
able to capture the entire incident on
camera with a 33 year-old Taco Bell
worker Benjamin golden struck him
repetitively for seemingly no reason at
all fortunately Caban was able to escape
the attack by summoning a band of ninjas
to strike down his foe from the shadows
totally kidding but can you imagine oh
yeah you're gonna hit me well prepare to
die you lost boob I got a little stop
monkey Doo monkey Tahoma but now in a
much less cool way he was able to escape
the attacker by spraying pepper spray
the guy who chased him away from his car
the best part is
is what he was saying there in all this
which was due if i reenact by anyone
that's exactly what I'm gonna say only I
probably won't have mace and I'll just
lightly scratch someone like you guys
got scratched mother oh man that kind of
hurt a little bit yeah
take that you jerk but since the
incident golden has been fired from his
job at Taco Bell and is trying to sue
the driver for illegally recording him
for five million dollars oh no man not
your lifelong career Taco Bell you were
really going places for the record I'm
not bashing Taco Bell I love taco bell I
basically bleed taco
when I pee it's seasoned ground beef
that doesn't sound healthy man but like
how does this guy think he's gonna win
we all saw him do it the driver is
obviously acting himself depends so I'm
just wondering how the court case is
gonna go like your honor members of the
jury I ask you does this look like the
face of a man who would repetitively hit
someone in the face and pull their hair
yes ah well that was my only defense
sorry it looks like we lost this one
number three it seems like getting in a
car with an uber driver is generally
pretty hit or miss you either get a
fantastic ride with little or no
complications or you get a guy that
barely speaks a word of English that
locks you in the back of his car until
you give them a five-star rating you
gave me start know who kicked me started
out no I swear to God give me stop fine
I lock you in God and play extremely
loud Persian music less he probably
gonna guess this exact thing happened to
an anonymous passenger in Los Angeles
claim that that rumor driver Murat
wouldn't let them leave the car and tell
me gave him a five-star rating okay dude
I realize that the rating system for
uber drivers means everything like if
you get enough negative reviews you're
gonna get fired but this is not the way
to go about getting positive reviews you
can't just force someone to like you
trust me I trust no matter how many love
letters I send to Daisy Ridley or lots
of my own hair or pieces of my eyelid
skin I still have not gotten a response
from her what's the deal with that god I
hope you're kidding
her barely how many situation happened
was Veronica taking me passengers phone
after asking to see how much the ride
cost for Maroubra
that's what he had apparently locked the
door and told the passenger to that he
wasn't going to let her go until she
gave him a five star rating most
hilariously was that the ride was only
for 379 for what I can only imagine was
maybe a mile you kidding me you could
have walked that distance totally takes
me like five dollars to get an uber to
the post office to drop my love letters
off for Daisy Ridley ha ha ha the more
you keep saying that the more I think
you're not kidding fortunately no
was not anyone so there was no reason to
call the police the man that must have
just been really awkward
we're brought for the love of God I need
to go home don't make me play extremely
loud Persian music from last kid only
lover oh my god no Barak please no
anything but that
too late number for this one I'd also
talk about my WTF news and it is
probably one of the more disturbing
stories to ever come out of uber that is
the story of the 57 year old Nile celeb
who started touching himself to a female
passenger that enter his uber if you
thought that was the worst part
no because the entire thing was caught
on camera is this what normal guys do
well I guess so because it seems like
every guy on omegle does this because
anyone in the history of the world
thought this was attractive well my
restraining orders from flashing women
at an Olive Garden says no but I'd love
to be proved up was in fact question of
the day is this hot can't wait to see an
entire comment section that just says no
just no but the incident that occurred
in June of 2015 tells the story of a
young woman who wrote it in uber and
actually reached her destination before
anything weird or perverse even happen
once they reach the destination that's
when the driver of the car got in the
back seat with the passenger and it
started to fondle his wiener while
saying quote oh my god you're back I
don't know what that voice was but you
look and that's presently this is when
the woman got out of the car and ran to
her destination to avoid seeing the rest
of this dudes dumb smart cop initially
the woman was hesitant to call the
police but eventually contacted the
authorities where Salam was landed with
charges of lewdness false imprisonment
and harassment since that uber has
apparently cracked down on their safety
procedures to avoid things like this
from happening in the future police
there's that right glad this will never
happen again
both hilariously in October of 2017 this
exact thing happened again whatever they
did clearly work at this point did you
just have a class for us like how not to
masturbate to your passengers step one
don't do it okay that's it for today's
lesson hopefully you learned a lot this
card is David Howe I'm already fan
but number 5 is the rest of the stories
I didn't get to mention because honestly
but you just to come the stories that
just start with uber driver attacks we'd
probably be here for like two hours it's
that bad job some of the worst stories
of ease we have a story of a woman named
Bridget Todd being choked by her uber
driver that was apparently due to the
driver being racist there was an uber
driver that actually killed six people
in a shooting in Kalamazoo all the while
picking up and dropping off
uber riders in between the killings
there was a driver in San Francisco who
pulled over asked the writer to get out
hit him with a hammer and then drove off
there was another story of the driver
who called a passenger a dirty Mexican
and then hit him several times before
being discovered that the driver was
actually a wanted felon another story
out of Richmond occurred where a woman
was attacked by an uber driver because
she he was snapchat in his car hey man I
also hate the dog filter that everyone
and their mother is using nowadays but
come on that's no reason to hit someone
okay it might be a reason to hit someone
but not hard okay like we're talking
just a little no don't use the dog
filter my god so I guess the moral of
this story guys is just don't get into
cars with strangers like everyone's mom
once told us that this was a bad idea
and now we know what that is it for this
episode of WTF five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
this video a like and also subscribe to
the channel as I will be doing these
every single week by the way it let me
know in the comments down below any
suggestions for a future WTF five
episodes that you want to see and I'll
check those out that's it guys I will
see you next time for another WTF 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
