if you gossip you want today they
comment on the table bitch and say it
today oh my god hey what the guys huh I
am so fucking terrified excited this can
either be like the end of my life or the
beginning of a new fucking weird life so
a few weeks ago I did a video with my
delivery man and that was fun I was like
how do I take it up a notch and also
take my safety level down five notches
and that's when I signed up for a
cuddling app now if you don't know what
this is um most of them are legal but
there is one out there I'm not going to
give away the name but it's basically an
app where you go on and you find
somebody in your area who just wants to
cuddle right not have sex just cuddle so
the smart thing to do would be to avoid
that app mainly because having a
stranger come over to my house to cuddle
me is crazy but I'm not so smart so I
signed up and I've been talking to my
cuddle buddies okay so his name on the
app is Aladdin I love that I can't wait
for him to see how unmagical my carbon
is it's just covered in dog shit cat
piss so here's his profile i-26
listen la love cats I also might be me
from 2008 and I'm scrolling through with
other pictures I see him uh some kind of
a party and him screaming really excited
to be on top of the mountain so he loved
the outside he loves parties we have
nothing in common
alright his bio says I'm the creative
personality and I recently moved here
from San Francisco some of my interests
are spirituality music film psychology
nature food or girl s too much my
profile literally says number one
McDonald's extra cheese sweet sour sauce
bitch for dipping it also says he enjoys
deep conversation and cuddling in all of
its various forms the fuck does that
mean what are the various forms of
cuddling like is he gonna murder me but
I'm gonna ask him to come over
oh shit oh my god alright well we still
turning back he's on his way
fucking fucking terrifies Rylan should
be
from work in a second you know I wanted
like somebody else here you know to find
my body but I'm actually really excited
I sent one direct message to him and I
was like hey I wanna cuddle for a video
and he was like yeah so this is going to
be fucking weird and I'm really scared
I'm like shaking I'm sweating oh my god
whoo it's a nice knowing you guys all
right are you guys excited to meet my
cuddle buddy oh so excited how do you
really feel about this well I feel like
he's gonna pop a boner you think so yeah
when we got me I know that's my fear in
general because I feel like if I were a
cuddle buddy I don't know if I'd be able
to not like you think this ass is like
to bomb yeah like you think this pussy
is to quaking what is on your sure oh
it's just blood I want my cuddle buddy
to feel at home so what should I wear
like should I wear like cuddling clothes
should I be naked I sure like bedtime
clothes you wear we're watching YouTube
on Saturday morning well that's like a
shirt covered in ranch dressing and
shorts that have a hole in the balls for
like one of my balls all about well then
that's how you meet hi guys oh my god
I'm with my cuddle buddy
hi um so we just have to know each other
we have a lot in common
that's a lie I don't know anything I'm
really terrified I'm literally shaking
or you know but I know nothing about you
either
okay you have to like I know I know good
soccer what okay well let's go over to
the couch and like talk about our
cuddling session hi hey how's it going
okay so before we get started um how
long have you been coddled um I've been
cultivating my got experience just
incentives I think a relationship as
everything what are your rules you have
like rules like you have to not be naked
or like there has to be
music or like
like Google grows well you have to
establish boundaries you have to switch
it up you know switch petitions you
really help it interesting all right
well I guess we should go up to my bed
is that where we do this do you do beds
tippity um okay so we're walking up the
stairs I'm really nervous like I've
never cuddled with this stranger
wait what's in the bag I brought a
change of clothes in case you want to
get comfortable I brought some PJ's oh
my god wait that's the same shirt you're
wearing it's not the same shirt you're
wearing
wait there he is thank you okay those
are booty tail you brought booty shorts
are you trying to call me a booty shorts
are you jelly right now okay lay down on
the bed oh my god this is uh everything
and also I'm getting more scared okay we
got this we're gonna do this I got this
I'm in my wolf shirt that I got at the
goodwill I feel like it's like a nice
comfy vibe okay so I'm like what
position do you want to do what do you I
don't know like what's like a beginner
in position like what should I like you
like one of these okay like comfort me
is this like my mom died okay Oh God is
working okay oh my god I love that okay
wow you're soft so what do you like to
do on the weekend you know little people
please don't tell me that well that's
cool fun so okay do we talk during
contemplate what do you do you could
talk about whatever you want
all right what do you talk about with
you
with cutter boys now we talk about you
know what's going on in our lives we
talked about if you want to get personal
we could talk about see some shit
Oh like Samsa would have you just let it
flow organically so oh my one of my dogs
just died no I'm so sorry it was really
sad
that's awful thank you talk a little
closer to me I think yeah so he died
I saw him die I was there like I saw the
light leave his eyes and it made me kind
of think about my life and thinking
should I do this like should I just
leave you know I mean that's really
Morgan's okay like what's next position
I should spoon you if you give you okay
I'm thinking just like you better not
say I'm happy you better be like oh my
gosh you're still fucking like Shane I
don't even kill you like like there's a
sliding like what would you eat like a
fucking dick I'm literally I feel like a
we've been like you're like where are
you Eugenia Cooney with the hugging you
do breakfast yeah so like what do you do
like like would you do today um today I
drew thank you how'd you like that no
I'm unemployed so about noon same me so
like where's your stance did you kill
her sure
where are they no San Francisco Bay Area
represent oh cool okay so they're alive
that's good get any pet okay um you in a
relationship single be looking okay so
besides be cuddly have first of all how
did you find this
like website and what made you actually
want to find is um it's just always been
interesting to me like we live in a day
to age where we think we're all
connected through like Facebook and
social media but there's so much that
we're really lacking some
having like face-to-face communication
and and cuddling's like a good way to
connect to people you get some you get
like endorphins it's a good stress
really good way to get to know people so
have you ever started a cuddle with
somebody and you're like oh I don't want
to do this anymore need to say that can
I go but right now they're like can I go
I could think of some times it will give
me the juice easy I love her story time
babe probably seeing there some guys
that to think that the cuddle website is
like Grindr and they're just they have
something else in their mind that
they're looking for
besides cuddling and I'm not benefit
really so you always said no to it like
interesting because I feel like it I
went if I was cuddling a stranger wait
we should change position okay like I
was kind of like a stranger no but
seriously if I was like cuddling a
stranger and I got a boner or they got a
boner I think they're probably fucked if
I was single you know what I mean so how
do you think knowing that you gotta keep
things professional professional weirdo
pajamas right now I'm big dirty better
wait so you'd never like met anybody
inserted Datanet from the culligan yeah
thanks for change your friends and
family know that you're only cuddling up
and I think mail could you successful
okay I feel like we should you like one
final ahh
I got it come on join the coming party
looks like at 3:00 like huddling
position has that ever happened before
I'll hold it oh my god a couple's cuddle
do a couple's order cuddle buddy we get
scared admission eiffeltower little boy
we could write okay wait how about like
69 969 969
I don't know I've never done
like a human centipede perfect who wants
to be on my okay great oh my god oh this
is kind of cute look at us we don't even
shown as brothers but honestly it's very
possible are you allowed to leave or
with the protocol are you going to get a
boner no I just want enough well you can
leave if you could go to the bathroom
and take care of us whatever your dad
for wait if I got a phone right now you
will be okay if I was like hold on babe
gotta work that jerk-off BRB I'm not
just you I love you how long are these
hell doesn't my day you're never leaving
no how long are they usually um used to
meet just a couple of a couple hundred
for fucking everybody shows you're just
laying pilot we could we can watch
something if you want
okay what's like the final thing we
should do she going I don't know it was
full of cash we can fuck you want
what would you honestly be right now if
I like turn the camera on I'm like we're
talking right like all three of them
would you do it and down oh my god guys
this has been great I love this I think
we should start showering together I
think you just moved in I'm ready for a
new legend I love us I'm monogamous how
you have to leave we're really hitting
it off
let's talk more about my dead dog
tonight with Miley he's dead
well here we go that was our cuddle
session he said he feel feel amazing I
feel like good and like all cuddled out
I know in all honesty we were talking
like off-camera we've been kind of
hanging out and talking
and I am very fascinated by this because
I really did think it would be gimmick
like I thought it was just for sex and
it was like poet but you were genuinely
like no this is like legit things you
really like it you said one of the
people that you cuddle with like well
I'm not gonna get to my details about
this person but you said that like they
are celibate they don't want to have
section you've literally just like any
help I like you know I went in to just
kind of like not judgmental but I
definitely went in thinking was kind of
a scam kind of a joke I was kind of
terrified you were going to kill me but
now I kind of get it I'm kind of like a
cuddle like scam all right well what's
there to buy oh all right well here we
go here I think we should hold hands I
feel like we're here thank you for the
cuddle and I feel like this isn't the
last time that we're going to see each
other and I feel like this cuddles
love story has just begun can you my
best friend I'm so nervous
how much shut I'm like actually like not
even like in a joking way I'm like
actually shook him to the core did he
get your back for me to be here did he
know what he was walking into okay
supervisors I know I told him everything
no that was great guys give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed this weird
different video I want to do more
different weird things like this I just
I don't have one have fun on this
channel just publish it also subscribe
to my channel I'm like super look if you
could talk subscribe to my chicks oh
okay this identification battle I don't
know
oh yeah how are you feeling right now
like I want to try really well now we
should get you a cuddle buddies we
should get you a girl I want to do the
code I want to show bitch I would never
let you do that you could come with okay
let's see guys like
Oh
