are you bored as fuck
well you're in luck anyway Shane thanks
up no he made it better yay ha ha hey
what's a behinds oh that was nasty
that was totally unintentional hey
what's up you guys
um I am midway through straightening my
hair right now cuz I'm such a fucking
man you know with MAME I'm straight now
my weapon of heat so today was kind of a
bad day for vlogging because I was just
writing scripts all day and you know
trying to come up with an idea for a
video for Saturday so I didn't really
have much to do so I thought it'd be fun
if you guys came with me and my brother
for brothers night so we are going to go
to a restaurant and embarrass each other
and then I think we're gonna go to
Stephan Brie's house and play some
Yahtzee
you know just more things and men do
whoo it's brothers night yay thousandth
Izzy a stick yeah that was the most
enthusiastic you could come up with I
mean you know it was short notice
Wow look at a house but all those lights
what do you think they're heading I have
to say drug paraphernalia I feel like
that's what we are right now we're like
undercover cops except for like I look
like like an undercover like gay
prostitute and you're like I'm your
undercover gay pimp alright so what are
you gonna get to eat I think I'm gonna
get chicken carbonara I haven't had it
in a while I feel like it misses me as
much as I miss it
and we're gonna we're gonna reunite
tonight reunited with my carbonara
do rap reunited break down yo yo
reunited eatin chicken carbonara
I'm excited hopefully I don't get
bloated it's all good though my butt
exploded Oh some exam tee yeah
that was plenty Oh deal a little delayed
like like I was like all he can't finish
it and thereby be finished catch you
guys were inside the restaurant right
now and I am a 99.9% sure that right
over there is fat uh sure from
rebeccablack CBO Jared do you think it's
him about 99% sure hey hey okay
happier do you know who Rebecca Black is
yeah have you ever seen the music video
Friday remember the black guy in the car
that was rapping well we're pretty sure
that's him over there
what's what's the best way to ask him
you takin care of his cable now damn it
can you use a copy of this bill so let
me show you my food so I got a chicken
salad uh honey chick boys office daily
flex are going downhill really fast
I'm showing you my wrong yep food hall
everyone so here's my duty I got a piece
of chicken and if my funny chipotle
sauce and my iced tea tag you're it
I got Carla Nara iced tea okay dad
Oh question of the day what's your
favorite food what's your favorite pizza
my favorite food is like a big greasy
nasty dirty rat Mexican restaurant that
has like big burrito that's covered in
foil the cheese inside is like kinda
melts but not really agree stripping
down you make it food poison the next
day I'm having more gas
you beat me yeah Pizza all right so we
just got done eating we're both about to
vomit I'm gonna pass out in my own vomit
how catch of you and we are about to see
our homies bring his day you do the
honors I don't think so we have your dog
we have your dog that's the most
hilarious right over the video when
someone uh-oh
I don't think so these guys are too
crazy all right brace they had everybody
hey where'd these twister pants
woo she's gonna show my jeans right now
because you guys already know about my
situation rap is like hey hey get that
mitt so she's gonna be sewing you so now
I have to change it to these pajama
pants this is how friendship works
people is this a treadmill
Wow uh I work out uh-huh I work out so
what is the verdict doctor uh I think
that I can you can make it to the store
I'm about to do and then after that Oh
LS so I mean easy access right for each
ball right yeah
all right so I'm doing what I do every
time I go to somebody's house and I
looked through their fridge huh oh my
god you guys have kool-aid squeezers
okay you're officially black now pop it
open do I get a hit that I hit that hey
make it come in your mouth feel like we
should do a dare yay my fave I dare you
to kiss that dog
Jaden Riggs have a very special
relationship mm-hmm they are lovers yep
rock bottom people that's nice
now rig yeah where'd you kiss him that
kiss me back can you kiss him back
look what is listening that's really
gross to you guinea pig I don't know I'm
not gonna tell you
is there like a body part that really
grosses you out no like feet yeah but no
ears mm-hmm are miss armpits it's not
gonna tell you
pubic hair oh yeah that's no I'm not
Shea no I'm not it was so wrong so gross
and on someone's head it's fine but when
it's loose it's floating you're like
wind some fluke - can you please float
that down again wow that's beautiful
it's like what as legend you're sued and
floating but my word remember when you a
little kid and you had those chairs in
school and they're like the plastic
chairs and there's always one thanks
fregley yeah okay I know we're just
talking about oh my god the blue chairs
I dare you to I'm gonna light that
candle and then you have to put it out
with your tongue am I gonna like walk
around like a black tongue like a
giraffe no like stuck out or like let's
do it Oh
oh my god oh my god it's not working oh
no she blew it out oh but you licked it
she still licked it look at my tongue
hurts oh yes way to show your time Hey
oh my god it's black shelling like what
that's your entire tongue is why you
didn't do it oh oh I could tell I don't
know
wait did it really hurt oh my god your
tongue is black it is why oh my god
no it matches arrested me hey I really
want to do it but I'm like nervous yeah
dude all I can do it okay do you do for
a seat see it always takes two times
fuck yeah are you doing Oh different
matter this I'm Sam's I'm the PSA okay
if you do it I'll do it all right all
right dude wait wait here look like
you're vomiting out your vomiting is she
burning her mouth I'm doing it the only
I decided it is such a little bitch all
right guys I got a fart should we do it
yeah it works you have to get right
right it is a soul oh dude I couldn't
even see your ass with your pants on so
fucking long
are you farting right now yeah come on
you got a need never fart oh I don't
know what this asshole is there you go
Oh knows it so what was our last bite -
Oh Travis without your butt went
Chelsea come on brain I wish I had a
fire I just never fire yeah you're when
you do this Mike lavender chocolate
chili and I'm not even for him yet so do
some um some crunches you should you
should like do that we're position like
yeah or it's also what bobsledders do
when they practice and do drawing that's
also as if you're getting banged in the
butt this is what we do on Tuesdays
ready
fuck hold on hold it in dammit
son-of-a-bitch yay that was our boys
night it's alright cuz you're hanging
with Shane Bronk song right attitude so
that was our night I'm sorry I didn't
film all day today I will do that
tomorrow
oh yeah it was a fun night so question
of the day what's your favorite food
leave a comment um I think I already
answered my rent yeah in a really creepy
way cheese inside is like kinda melt but
not really a grease is dripping down you
make it food poison the next day I'm
heaven organic all right I love you guys
let's see tomorrow are you bored as fuck
well your real up because your
