oh are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck George at way too much look his
reign with shade that was the most
disturbing hang with Shane I think I've
ever done
Wow yes there was F words from my mom
there was he's still rubbing there oh
this is gonna be a good day I know this
sounds super lame but I swear sometimes
Charlie smiles at me oh and he puts his
little arm on mine it's almost like he's
just holding me down he's like I'm gonna
hold you down lick the shit out of you
no means yes
whoa hey what's up you guys um yes it is
day seven and it's one of those days
where I woke up and I was like I don't
want to take a shower today I mean
that's pretty much every day but that
was really today so today I have a
meeting and I'm going with Lauren your
favorite Jew we're gonna talk about how
much we hate the world how messed up our
stomachs are why she's still not married
and doesn't have children it's gonna be
a good day so I dressed to impress today
I have my cowboy shirt on giddyup pants
that make my hips look huge
giddyup and my hair that I haven't
washed in like but six days I'm about
99% sure I have lice
okay let's go
okay so right now we're at Lauren's
house and I'm pretty early so I'm
guessing she's probably shaving her
mustache waxing her vajayjay are you
naked I'm gonna have a towel I'm naked
are you I mean I'm like a towel on
you're coming in but I'm running into my
bedroom she was naked people all right
so now that she is naked in her bedroom
let snoop around her apartment oh look
at her with her suitcase pretending like
she has somewhere to go you guys let me
show you something this is her laptop
literally watch you would think that the
first thing that you would type in with
Y would be I don't know YouTube or Yahoo
BAM
hey wait there I am oh my God look I'm
them there
Shane yoga and in porn and in the news
that's her priority list so at least I'm
at the top okay I was definitely not
snooping around the place
this is definitely a before oh you look
great your hair looks amazing
you turn whoa does that Beyonce chew on
say I just have a baby oh I was
that's funny cuz the topic of today's
vlog is why don't you have children well
I just assumed that you know you might
be all dried up all right oh you know
the real topic of today is if you had a
kid which you know wishful thank you
baby fever lately every time I should
run oh no no baby no I'm serious maybe I
really want a kid I can tell I'm not a
good idea
it's all this holding in all this sperm
and I maybe this backfired
what would your baby's name be mostly
really jewy like Noah or Ari or Yentl
rt0 - very - yikes
I don't know mine yet I'll say that
later in the vlog ever think about it I
mean
wouldn't ya get his birth position what
are you snooping I'm very nervous what's
going on right now you're not gonna eat
you happy you see oh no what did you do
not doesn't your mom when she's oh no I
learned move no oh wind machine this is
really sad why are you doing your hair
on the ground okay
are we even going to try to figure out
why you have Gwyneth Paltrow's cookbook
on your bed is this your porn Lauren
oh I'm just picking corn oh god you
caught me Oh oh my god who is that
Lauren good lord
I don't know Sideshow Bob popped up
yikes
that is so similar to my pubes all right
so right now because Lauren is way too
honest and blunt cold and mortified told
me that my feet smell so we need to get
me new shoes we're going to look big
Hollywood beatings and his feet Rick
okay
I mean it's not like they're that bad
although last night I was with somebody
and I took my shoes off and then she
went what's that oh oh and then I'm like
that was probably shoes so right now
where we're going oh god this place
sucks
all right I can't wait I'm gonna get a
brand new pair of shape-ups No okay so
supposedly this is the place where I'm
gonna find my dream pair of shoes these
are cool oh my god you're fired
these are cool
you're turning me into Michael Jackson I
brought this what the kids are wearing
these days the kids I'm 23 your kids
she's still trying to get me to buy the
game red one all right like I hate to
admit it Laurie because you know I hate
when you're right yes which is all the
time I mean if I'm kind of feel like
Georgia right now kind of want to go
home look you always want to get
together once we've got get him to leave
the house it's possible all right Loren
film me doing this this is the moment my
babies it's time to say I'm doing you
good bye you feel so free how do you
feel
nobody asks you to sing yeah there's so
much hair in your car
take the fucking grudge oh and trash
because Shane Dawson leaves his
droppings everywhere
hey listen honey you want to be with me
you got a deal with my droppings you
don't get sex you don't get a party and
you get my droppings sounds about right
this is rock bottom people all right
it's the end of our day
Lauren how much you're gonna miss me no
I can't turn your catchphrase by the way
or it's always better have you guys
noticed she says that a lot and it's
making me say it I mean I'm gonna see
you tomorrow and the next day and the
next day and the next day next good no
I'm ready bye oh love you I mean all
right you guys so I am driving home
right now I'm on Hollywood Boulevard and
I am pretty sure the Queen Queen Latifah
is right over here they are doing her
premiere for her movie black singing I
don't know I don't think that's a title
but that's what the poster looks like
all right let's see see if we see look
at all the people watching
oh my god can you hear all the black
people singing
I'm us just crashed it's worth it I
crashed for you Queen all right you guys
it is a the end of the night and to end
this night on a good note
I've decided to open up some of the
stuff you guys sent me with my mom who
is currently wearing a Michael Jackson
hat and my brother who's wearing swim
trunks
I need your muscles she needs your
muscles to open up a piece of cardboard
yeah this tape is tough all right this
one is from Brianna okay well you're
gonna kill me
Oh Shane's mommy oh that's too you
Justin Bieber perfect something to
masturbates you ooh
Sarah Palin condoms ooh you wanna try a
baby okay
no shame PETA is gonna call me Charlie
doesn't like it no he's like I said he's
like I don't like protection I'm sorry
oh my gosh a black cabbage kid doll that
was so racist and I don't think you
meant it Oh a black doll is it for the
dogs to chew up oh no no stop fighting
over my black baby
so montt is you go in a tiny chat today
no I promised myself I'd have to get all
my work done because when I get on there
I don't want to get off when you say you
don't want to get off do you mean I
don't know you're playing Jamaican music
playing with tambourine
yeah welcome to my life oh it was good I
heard other guys yes I'm about to eat
this so I can do more of what I just did
so the comic question of the day was if
you had a baby what would you name it I
don't really know what I would name my
kid I mean I kind of want like a boy
name for a girl like rocky or George no
maybe not George I don't know I've been
thinking about having kids a lot lately
maybe my biological clock is ticking you
guys have biological clocks I don't know
all right you guys I hope you had fun
today I know I had fun with you and I'm
going to see you tomorrow probably doing
a whole lot of nothing
all right see you guys tomorrow are you
bored as fuck
well you're real up because your
