are you bored as fuck cuz you're in luck
cause you're hangin shit yes give
yourselves a round of applause and
Jacqueline helping the shit out of you
hey I tell you guys yes we are hanging
machine it is what is today Friday
Saturday sorry I don't know what let's
first of all before we get into it what
are you wearing what's the hat it's big
all right in this order who are you how
do you know me and how jealous of me are
you that I met Rebecca Black go my name
is Mike Anderson and I know you through
the friends forever production and I'm
extremely jealous I was within 50 feet
of Rebecca Black uh-huh I touched myself
and I'd do it again how how hard did you
touch yourself
like D think you done good on that note
I think we're gonna go eat some food
although you might want to smoke a
cigarette now no all the room with
chocolate oh my god I'm so uncomfortable
right now
John is an exorcism right now okay so
right now we're doing our secret hidden
talents uh
Shauna has one that's really disturbing
gross she can make a sound that sounds
like she's getting her head drilled in
ready okay oh okay
do it again sorry here wait my mom like
particularly my mom gets really grossed
out by it so mom I want you to stand
right next to it and Shawna do it in my
mom's here mom embrace it embrace it
she sounds like Jeepers Creepers you
have any hidden talent kit
oh-oh-oh
push it up alright alright so now we're
gonna try this again without chocolate
hitting anybody the vagina and we are
going to play some kind of a song what
is this Oh yikes Jessica Simpson foods
made for walkin and my mom is gonna
teach us all how to dance
this should be interesting oh my god
they're moving furniture this is getting
fucking real damn
just pretend Lisa just pretend like your
helping chocolates like I wanna pee in
there
oh damn sounds good into it
do some crazy-ass Oh more people tonight
has just gotten even crazier people we
were putting on costumes for no reason
all right so let's go across the room
and show these costumes so me alright so
so mine is a little bit simple but you
know what I feel like it's simple but
it's to the point on a monkey show by
this would be my police officer uniform
officer of the law Rainbow Brite you
know saving the planet shit alright and
what are you is a gang get you get
yo-ho-ho Mike's hose I'm sorry but as an
officer of the law I gotta get in on
this please number this number says
all right so it's late at night you know
it's just me and Shauna you know we just
hanging out you know she look drunk this
year drunk on life motherfucker
so um first of all Shauna assumes I know
everything about rap since I'm black and
I don't
so what's that rap you just spit at me
anybody wanna pull the fuckin - come see
ah who me double D V that's right next
well fucking me I'm just saying how do
you do that wait can you teach me that
rap how does it go slow it down for me
do you mean Wi-Fi yes why defy it for me
d double D nigger ha ha
that made me real uncomfortable we'll be
honest with that Oh like I don't know
what makes me more comfortable than you
said the n-word like that or the fact
that right when you dipped on the couch
I'm pretty sure us on nipple there it is
ha ha there went so maybe that could be
my secret talent you guys rapping ready
1 2 3 let's go Bobby
ha ha ha ha ha I felt that that's like
some toolbox that was you know I'm he's
still alive so much oh you for me feel
like oh me eyes you guys so that is a
question of the day what's your secret
Talent you're a hidden talent um I don't
even want to know anymore of hers feel
like it's just getting crazier and
crazier crazyer is schizophrenia alright
you guys so that is day 6 hopefully
you're still enjoying music you're not
tired of them we're gonna be back
tomorrow don't know what the fuck I'm
doing tomorrow I'll try to make it just
as interesting as this it ain't gonna
happen right see you guys later
are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck
good
