are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck because you're oh when you're bored
as fuck you're in luck
cuz you're hanging with shame hey guys
have you guys yes the family edition so
we are in my upstairs right now
where we usually do P o box mail and
you're probably wondering why all these
colors are going on Jared explained you
that NID last night oh so why don't we
just meet the whole house different
colors and he just came to me I'm doing
it wow that idea include lots of drugs
Jerry oh yes I know he is actually
helping me turn this into the new Shane
& Friends set cuz this year I'm trying
to save more money so I'm getting rid of
that apartment that I filmed Shane of
friends in and we're gonna do it all
here are you excited oh my gosh thrilled
yay
no you're not allowed to come in you're
all wet you gotta stay outside
haha snoop is laughing at you he oh you
know it actually looks like a love story
Snoop is like Charlie
why did you kill all those people now I
can only see you behind this glass
Charlie please kiss me through the glass
Oh charlie okay come home okay so right
now I'm using the world's biggest comb
our brush I don't know I'm not makeup
guru it looks like horses should be
groomed with it and huh I'm on my way to
go hang out with some youtubers my
friend Lisa and two youtubers I've never
met alright no wait I have met them
no wait I meant okay anyways Luke and
missglamorazzi I really should learn her
real name anyways hopefully it goes well
but look what I'm wearing I mean come on
look at this jacket how could it not go
well I look like motherfucking Speed
Racer Bri and Steve got me this jacket
for Christmas and I love it kind of
makes me want to go to a club hey girl
hey girl
alright let's get out of this
motherfucking house Miley Miley I'm
leaving I'm sorry I know you're gonna
miss me you fucking asshole you don't
even look at me you're not gonna cry
literally running away from me all right
bye yellow piece of shit okay he's not
happy
look at that water and hydrating okay so
I'm here with okay so in this order say
who you are how you know me and how
jealous you are that I met Rebecca black
go I'm Lisa
I know Shane from the internet and M I'm
really just I want to suck
Rebecca packs titties real bad that's
what I wanted my mom to say but you
wouldn't so okay I'm fucking nervous you
already know them I've never met them
what should i do what should I say
Shane has no social skills but if ever
night none like my first initial
reaction is to run in and say the N word
just to break the ice I feel like that's
good as long as you don't use a word um
about Asian people cuz use half-asian oh
so I can't be like oh do you have any
chapstick my lipstick on a Japanese
ain't nothing like that no okay
what about Luke like what should I say
to him cuz he kind of looks like me a
little bit I feel like you should just
give him a good old ass grab first let
okay all right are you guys ready for
this I'm so nervous
like why am I so nervous haha okay you
guys are you ready for this
I'm about to poop my pants they're here
okay first so I have to ask you the
question ask everybody that's in my
vlogs your name how you know me which
you really don't and how jealous of me
are how jealous of me you are that I met
rebeccablack go you met Rebecca Black
okay I'm already my favorite yeah
I'm Luke Conard I met you because you
sent me a message on Twitter asking to
use one of my songs very true
a year ago probably go I'm Ingrid and I
just met you right now because you
showed up with Alicia I'm gonna get the
fuck out of her house and Rebecca black
and I'm very jealous that you got to
meet Rebecca Black cuz she's like my
idol she's actually gonna be like my
human favorite this one Wow
Astrix sarcasm Astro
hold on I'll have to get black right now
take my earring first of all you might
want to take that back because Rebecca
watches my vlogs so let's so what were
you saying about rebecca black did her
did she have a music video I thought she
looked really yes in the Friday um okay
so justjust Breggin an so first of all
I'm in their apartment right now and I
don't I mean where do I even had my
start that's what you see when you first
walk in yes it really sets the mood so
um these two actually are the ones that
inspired me to do daily vlogs because I
got sucked into their fucking vlogmas
wait wait wait I even cited him about
there we go okay here we go yeah okay oh
I fuck about you okay so they do blog
miss earth not anymore but it was vlog
miss where they've logged every day
until Christmas and they had a theme
song and every time I came on I would
sing it over the target particulars and
we get a live version right now okay
ready 1 2 3 I'll buy everything so
Christmas for you yeah I just came all
over I'm sorry about that I'll clean it
up um so yesterday inspire me to do
these everyday vlog so you guys should
be thanking them so slow clap for them
everybody just your your the audience
right now yes perfect she's she's so
fucking easy
she's a Buddha a panda candles where's
the mic where's the rice oh yeah nothing
better at a restaurant in gay porn on
the wall don't you agree
so the topic of today's vlog and it's
just really random is what font are you
I think you are a bubble print what on
are you
it's like a flower a flower little
little days for fun are you I'm probably
the Harry Potter con Oh fuckin it has
lightning scars Oh kill me I am probably
like what's like a hardcore fucking like
gif fuck with me upon impact impact him
see I want to say I'm the impact but I'm
probably like italic Comic Sans
underline bold underline bold what kind
of fonts are you that's a really weird
question but I'm actually really curious
I think you guys are all the special
font that you have to download the one
that nobody else has with me all right
you guys we are back at the apartment
I'm doing it by myself
they had never seen two girls one cup so
Lisa R I've never seen like with jibt
nervous I'm gonna vomit yeah it's not
that what if I got her drawings how is
this still online like why didn't anyone
say it down yet because it's awesome
Yeah right Handa I'm so into it three
two one look I can't read what just
sneak a sneak peek panda likes it so on
a scale of one to five pieces of shit
what would you give that I didn't even
look for a second that was enough for me
I was like you work honey you look at it
into it I mean I literally saw out of
the corner of my eye just sound like a
waterfall
yeah time for one man one horse Oh
just look good down all right you guys
I'm now my Titanic pajamas that means
I'm calling it a day so this day will
probably be shorter than others because
most of the day I was writing scripts
for videos and I didn't really vlog
during that time because that's very
boring but hopefully you had some fun
today so question what font are you so I
hope you guys are enjoying these daily
vlogs I know I am it's it's been fun
like to wake up every day and be like oh
hey I'm gonna bring you guys with me
that sounds creepy but it doesn't you
know what I mean you like my pajamas
jealous jelly man all right I love you
guys bye are you bored as fuck well
you're in LA I could
