oh when you're born is fuck you're in
luck cuz you're hanging with Shane I
mean it's just getting worse every day
hey what's up you guys yes it is day 3
and I'm starting the day off right
I am here with my do friend Lauren hi
girl hi don't get don't get then don't
get so down yeah my body looks wonderful
from the neck up what we're going to my
favorite restaurant and we are going to
sit and discuss the New Year and what
we're gonna do
what's your big plan this year to be a
star okay not gonna happen
think realistic oh sorry to make shame
even a bigger song that could happen
oh my god it's uncle Joey oh that looks
just like a lot maybe not on the
vlogging but to me something I got to
tell you guys something
see it's already happening I feel you
guys this before I can't hang out with
Lauren without talking like Aunt Hilda
okay see how I can go I'm schvitzing I
don't even what that means yeah
why aren't you eating I mean huge thank
you she went away for Annika Christmas
Kwanzaa and she came back a whale whew
how are you even sitting here don't even
so we're making a plan for this year so
let's read over some of the highlights
of what we want to do this year coming
at you original music I want to do music
videos everybody knows everyone
Shane and Friends every month duh honey
your orgies you the orange parties yes
let's let's start out the orange party
right now
give me a good question for the kids per
view or each party what is your favorite
um toy to play with I like that that's
perfect leave a comment what's your
favorite toy to play with that's the
topic of the day toys what you have it's
better play with what are you doing
they're fighting over you Lauren they're
fighting over you it's like The Bachelor
where's your rose you can only choose
one Lauren my heart will go on yeah have
sex uh oh yeah you're so high are you so
hot
hey what are you guys I'm at the gym
right now
and I probably technically shouldn't be
filming this but you know I'm such a
rebel I am ami lipstick Oh watching
football because you know I'm such a man
okay I was trying to watch Rachael Ray
but the channel isn't working
so just like everybody else one of my
new year's resolutions is to work out
more get a 12-pack I want my butt to be
so tight that when I put on pants they
fucking explode I mean they are to do
that but that's because I've
incontrolable gasps I have a very jewy
stomach all right you guys I'm back from
the gym I feel like I have a 12 pack I
can feel it don't you think so chocolate
yeah you want to touch much well pack so
right now we are going over some P o box
mails so mom why don't you explain what
you do I go through the letters and I
open them up oh my god who is that Sarah
that is way better looking than I am
look like me these are your Boston horse
which is really weird for me to say cuz
I'm Your Mother
this is free F Kilda oh wait I wanna so
put that oh you want me to hold the
camera Oh God oh Lord
Oh am I still so show your face do I
turn it like this
No okay listen what's that song on the
catwalk what is that song on the catwalk
Oh Lord hahaha
stop singing song from the 60s okay
honey this one is from Ben who is from
don't give his address no no I was
seeing what city honey New York State
City oh crap I get my brains from my
mother okay let's see oh wow there's a
okay obviously the bag is for my mom
come on look there's a fake boobs for
you oh I can use them Oh chocolate
another something to fuck she are you
ready what's your favorite it's an All
American Sheneneh Oh with herpes okay so
this is from sure
reser clip-on jewelry okay yeah okay I
don't mean to be conceited but this is
my look this is it oh yeah yo oh yeah
you're gonna get a boyfriend after this
he might be gained you might beat you up
but boy boy ooh and some kind of uh huh
Oh which for the dogs it's bat wings oh
what's going on
oh and he found his Bella
oh no you cannot sex with my gift you
little bitch
yay Oh Charlie you are so gay the gayest
ugh in the world I'll just leave you
guys to do whatever you wanted to okay
so I'm currently finishing up my night
in a very boring way on the computer
writing my new video I think I'm going
to do an ask Shane because I want to
start doing those every Monday again on
my second channel so I want to do one on
my main channel just to let everybody
know like guess what it's coming back
motherfucker so here is a little hint of
who I'm gonna be ready it's gonna be
fast
1 2 3 babe do you see it did you see so
anyways I hope you guys had fun hanging
with me today so question of the day
obviously what's your favorite toy my
favorite toy is probably my mom I like
to get her drunk put a bunch of wigs on
her throw her on tinychat it's a toy
that'll never run out of batteries it
might lose its mind but it won't run out
of batteries all right you guys we'll
see you MA ro bye
