uh what a way to start out a blog yeah
are you bored as fuck well you're in
luck cuz you hang with Jane that I that
duh I don't really have an any for that
hey you guys what is up it is day one of
my vlogging every single day for the
rest of the year
so the first thing I want to do is give
you guys a tour of my house cuz I don't
think I've ever actually done that
before so I cleaned up all the dead
bodies got rid of all the hookers and
I'm ready to show you the house ok let's
start so this is where sexy lives huh
yeah not really so this is the bedroom
my bedroom and as you can see I have a
huge bed where all the magic happens and
by magic I mean the fact that these
sheets have never been washed and I
still don't have lice here is my
bathroom boring boring boring there is a
six foot deep tub that is useless I use
it one time I'm never going to use again
literally like right after I got out it
was just caked in pubes let me just take
a look at my sink it's like pube central
imagine that but six feet deep okay so
this is a living room and that is my mom
on tinychat this is have you shown your
kids yet oh my god alright mama I'm
gonna continue the tour of the house you
just go back to your fans Wow
even charlie is like help me dear God
saved me this is the real living room
where this homeless girl lays and
watches TV and we we have a bunch of
dead animals on the ground
hey it's very queer very classy here we
have my poster above the fireplace that
I keep telling mom to get rid of it she
won't this is Pam she is a my sister
from another mister slash homeless
person that just lives here you're gonna
be seeing a lot of her this year she is
um one of my BFFs and she has huge
titties and actually last night she
showed her naked breasts on tinychat
lit didn't you yes how was it um I was
scared because they're like all five no
but they're like twelve years old
I mean they've seen tits before except
well maybe not
girl said I just come and the other
girls said I just turned a lesbian and
then one boy vomited yeah so this is my
mom's bedroom this is where the cats
live this is where all the other magic
happens and by magic I mean my mom's
sitting here on a laptop naked talking
12 girls at I chat my fiends are you
excited about daily vlogs he's so
excited or she he she I don't know let's
check I can't see it
what are you muffins he don't know call
you Jamie Lee Curtis
we just don't know this is my mom's huge
bottle of lotion and Bible what can I
say she loves Jesus chocolate come back
chocolate huh chocolate are you excited
motovlogs
literally couldn't a brain away faster
what is happening right now
I've created a monster they're going to
be seeing a lot of this this year that's
your mom Pam what are we gonna do with
her I don't know she's on drugs
chocolate do we need to take away your
mom does she need to be put in his
clinic okay so this is the backyard
there's the pool and there's the dogs
looking like they're locked in prison
that one touched me and he left well he
did it and this is my favorite place in
the world this is the garage which I
turned into an office and I'm in here
pretty much 24/7 editing video a Bible I
like my house is normally really clean
but I've had friends stay the night and
stuff and we did some blow and some math
and stuff so it kind of looks like a
crackdown yeah that's heavy guys so we
are watching TV if I just don't eat and
if you're wondering what we like to
watch on Saturday nights we like to
watch random videos of Asian people
farting all right so that's about it
that's a tour of my house so now you
guys know the setting the location of
this year's daily vlogs cuz you're
probably all gonna be here the love
tester we're about to see first of all
before you do that
we're claim-jumper
with with the crew Jared is here and
he's wearing the sexiest jacket I've
ever seen I mean it complements me
perfectly lots of buttons on it plenty
of buttons it makes me feel secure so
that make him feel more secure hopefully
insecure he's going to test his love Wow
pretty wild you're like halfway oh let's
see she's set see if all this saving
myself as hell I'm sure it's helped your
hand yeah
see where it lands
harmless it's actually attracted to a
lot of women thank you like a teddy bear
everybody take a look take a gander good
picture this next to it is a woman
stuffing a turkey that explains my love
life all right it's pretty turn
oh my goodness
Oh so since I went to a topic for every
block I think the topic should obviously
the new year's resolution okay what's
your new year's resolution Bree what's
yours get a job you have a job being
awesome oh it doesn't pay anything
what's yours I'm gonna stop trying to be
a trying to stop being a stone-cold Pam
for overtime yeah my resolution is to
fake to he'll get the part
see how long that lasts thank you and
also to make a movie motherfucker
star in this bitch hey you ready put
your glasses on really contacts Brenda
why did yes you guys want - Brenda the
movie leave a copy how amazing would it
be to get contacts and she's decided to
stop wearing a ponytail okay
I'd say that me okay so you guys are
probably wondering what are you guys
doing on New Year's Eve how are you
ringing in the New Year we are checking
out some hentai tentacle rape porn jared
has never heard of hentai which uh I've
never heard of it bout know how I've
lived this long in life without seeing
it basically I just recently heard about
it - from Kate wow you just blasted him
out
damn are you drinking beer what are you
drinking Yeah right
so hentai is like Asian that you guys
know what it is in that it's little
Asian girls getting fucked by tentacle
monsters it's ma rocking musi dude I
think I could show that right fuck yeah
oh my god oh great so people
masturbating jack off to the tune I mean
it I don't do people like do that
different - yes they do they get really
hard and they jerk their peepees until
they come it's important to know that
she does not want this to happen which
makes it really hot
all right you guys the ball is dropping
Thomas that's right it's almost a new
year I'll do it do if I could do it
hurry right all right ready
five four three two one having it come
on commit
she won't kiss me hi Oh give us some
real eggs Oh Oh fart fart fart really Oh
Bella romantic well oh my god wait dick
Clark is kissing something my nose Minos
fucked up that's fucked up I'm just
kidding
Jared is currently riding on a
electronic scooter do something cool God
he's so cool we do the coolest most
craziest shit we're on the Shane Dawson
TV iPhone channel you never know what's
gonna happen so motherfucking scrap what
she did who got crazier fucking vlogs in
this know what ha what's up you guys yes
that is day one of my vlogging for every
single day of the year so I'm gonna be
doing these vlogs Monday through Friday
I'm gonna take the weekends off
and if I ever miss a weekday you guys
get to pick my punishment as long as it
doesn't involve me naked because that's
a punishment for you also the question
of the day obviously is what is your new
year's resolution like I said mine is
really just to do these videos and to
work harder and to make a movie all the
stuff I've been trying to do for the
last 4 years so maybe I'll succeed this
year all right I love you guys see
tomorrow are you bored as fuck
well you're in luck cuz you hang with
Shane duh duh I don't really have an any
for that
