hey what's with you guys
yes that is what happens when I am alone
with my animals Carolee come back come
here
I'm just flogging now come on Charlie
come on
it's getting to a point where my animals
are terrified of me and I just don't
understand why okay not make sense so
how are you guys doing today is Saturday
and I'm very excited you know what I'm
you know why actually no it's Friday hot
today is Friday and I'm very excited you
know why cuz Shayna friend just go win
up the motherfucker
Anna's her daily vlogging on January 1st
motherfucker I'm just very excited it's
been a very good week it's been a good
year I've gotten to know you guys so
much better I've made a bunch of short
films I've made up some music videos
I've done some crazy ass vlogs I feel
like I've made friends with a lot of you
guys so very excited about that so
here's my question to you what is the
number one story this year that's the
most interesting view is it Justin
Bieber's baby mama drama Miley Cyrus
coming out as a STONER or is it the
brand-new news that Katy Perry and
Russell Brand got divorced which
supposedly is a shocker to people but I
mean call me psychic call me Miss Cleo
but I kind of saw that one coming so
what do you guys think I think my
favorite story of this year is probably
Hilary Duff can be pregnant number one I
love Hilary Duff to the point where it's
an obsession and it's a little bit
creepy number two I've never thought
about Hilary Duff having sex cuz I
always see her as Lizzie McGuire you
know with all those scrunchies and weird
hair extensions but like right when I
found she was pregnant now all I can
picture is her just getting fucking
slammed by Gordo and Miranda just like
in the corner watching uh I love my
fantasies alright you guys have a good
day I'm going to see you tomorrow and
Charlie comes if I burn
they probably don't respond to me
because I'm not speaking English Carly
get your ass over there we go
say goodbye Charlie goodbye everybody
all right my dog hates you
I'm sorry it's not my fault sewers
