what did you do Joe what did you do hey
what's up guys um I am filming my shamed
friends right now you can see we have a
lot of weird shit going on
if you can't so this is Corbin Bleu
wearing a feather Bella looks good on
you baby you know it's crazy about this
corbin bleu cut out his hair like the
fact that they got so lazy they didn't
want to cut around the afro so they just
cut this weird shape they're like yeah
it's an afro shape oh look who's joining
me Sharon Wright where'd you go where'd
you go where'd you go
what's go whoa hey all I mean I know
it's weird that I just licked the dog's
mouth but usually it doesn't taste like
vomit um so I am filming and this chain
of friends I'm very excited about but
first before we talk about that let me
just show you the disaster that we
created so I know you guys watch the
videos and you know you probably don't
think about like all the work that goes
on that goes into it because you're
enjoying the video let me just show you
it's a lot of work but also a big mess
so this is just from Aunt Hilda's
cooking show like it fucking looks like
a crack den and then you got over here
there's a random bomb none of us smoke
weed but there is a bomb
here is just the mess that is the
costumes and props I have a buckets and
buckets of these really weird props like
I don't know let's say turkey hat and I
don't know some kind of a racist cowboy
no yes you don't like music chocolate
because that's what that is then you
have over here this Torah dear God look
at just all that drug is on the ground
you got the shit everywhere god it's a
mess but you know what totally worth it
looks like I just killed a bunch of
really slutty girls shoving him in a
bucket so I want to talk to you guys
because I want to see what you think of
this it's kind of too late because I've
already filmed it but I want to do
something different with Shane and
friends this year so I figured I would
make it kind of like okay chocolate
really like you're just gonna fuck
everything up up there even more
now go ahead take a shit just you know
add to it have sex with my Angry Bird
costume that's fine okay trying to talk
trying to so I'm doing like interactive
Shane of friends which basically the
main reason is because I know a lot of
you guys don't want to watch a 15 minute
video and when you see Oh Shane just
made a video oh it's 15 minutes I have
ADHD I can't watch that bleep chocolate
I mean speaking of ADHD so I thought
okay I'll make it interactive so you can
pick whatever skit you skit you want to
watch and whatever order you want to
watch so like next to my face it pops up
ask Paris stz g-spot and it's nerd well
all of them and you can like pick and
choose whatever one you want watch so
that's the main reason because I want to
give you guys more choice the other
reason is if I do interactive it allows
me to be able to do more because I can
do longer skits I could you know Ned's
nerd world could be three minutes long
it's usually only a minute but if it's
its own video it could be three minutes
it just gives me room to like do more
which I guess is stupid because I'm
already worn out why am I trying to do
more but it allows me to do more because
it's more videos I can spend more money
on it I can make the videos bigger I can
make more special effects I can do more
so that's the reason so tell me what you
guys think is that a dumb idea do you
like it are you gonna totally hate it I
hope you like it what do you think
chocolate do think it's gonna be a good
one and you're seriously it's like
you're on drugs
oh wait you probably are considering you
just walked around there you probably
found some all right you guys so I'm
gonna go here's another sneak peek of
Saturday's chain of friends let's go
this core this core this core at school
let's go let's go follow me down the
yellow brick road look kind of like
apprehensive he is he's like no I don't
want to follow you down that road get
away from the bomb should have named you
Miley alright who wants to dance
no thanks good rejected by two gay
cardboard cutouts story of my life
