hey what's up you guys so I want to talk
about something today that's not really
that funny it's actually not funny at
all I'll try to throw some jokes in
there but I wanted to talk about it
because I feel like a lot of you guys
are going through it and maybe this
video will help you to know that you
know I'm going through it and you're not
alone
so I've been doing some research before
I talk about what it's called let me
explain it have you ever had that
feeling on your sleep that you wake up
and you can see but you can't move your
body and like you can't move your arms
you can't get up you can't do anything
you can't even talk but you can see
around your room well have you ever
taken it to the next step and have you
ever actually like gotten up and left
your room but it's not your body leaving
it's just like your sight and when you
do that it's like you can see everything
normally everything's the way it is you
know I walked out to the backyard
I saw Charlie I saw chocolate I saw the
dogs they didn't see me but I saw them
and then I got this instant weird
feeling and it's like I got sucked back
into my body and I woke up like really
woke up or I could move and stuff so I
kind of brushed it off I went back to
sleep I'm like okay that was just a
really weird dream
I'm back to sleep and then about thirty
minutes later the same thing happened
again except for this time I didn't get
up I just had my eyes open
and I saw this person in like a black
cloak I don't know what to call
jennifer Love Hewitt I know you did last
summer it was like that without the hook
I saw the black cloak and they were
leaned over me and it felt like they
were taking something out of my stomach
it was really weird and and they were
talking but I couldn't really make it
out and I was trying to scream like
trying to get out but I couldn't I like
to do is look at them and I was trying
to grab my phone but but literally like
you can't move and then I don't remember
what happened
um I think I kicked or something and
then I woke up so of course my first
thought because I'm a very um you know a
person that really thinks things through
scientifically so my first thought was I
got abducted by an alien so I went on
the internet and yes by the way those
are holes in my socks because I'm a
classy so I went on the
internet and I looked it up turns out
there's this phenomenon don't you hate
when people say that word so douchey
well there's this phenomenon phenomena I
can use it but it's called sleep
paralysis so basically what it means is
your body's asleep but your minds awake
so that's a scientific thing of it
although doctors don't believe in it for
some reason
but like it's this I don't know what
sleep doctors believe in it which by the
way sleep doctors I mean like what what
little straw did you pull look at that
job anyways so so what bet did you lose
I'm a doctor
well sleep doctor I'm just kidding I'm
sure they're great so the sleep doctors
call this sleep paralysis but there's a
whole nother side on the internet that
says that it's related to out-of-body
experience basically saying that the
reason you can't move is because your
soul left your body and is traveling
around and you can only move when your
soul jumps back into your body for some
reason maybe you get too far away from
your body I don't know maybe it's
like Wi-Fi maybe like if you're
too far from the connector like you
ain't getting on Twitter so then I
remember that movie insidious which you
know I didn't even really like that much
but I think it talked about this right I
don't remember I fell asleep so my
experience was the guy in the black
cloak who kind of I felt like was an
alien but I've had this experience
pretty much three times a week every
week since I was like eight and I never
wanted to talk about it because I
thought it was weird but I talked about
it with my mom today and she was like of
course her her idea is more like angels
and stuff which could be true like
totally I totally believe that too
but you know I feel like a lot of you
guys are experiencing it too so leave
some comments and video responses I want
to know have you ever felt this way I've
ever dealt with this is it scary it
honestly to me it's as scariest feeling
in the whole world like there's nothing
scarier than feeling like somebody's
attacking you and you can't move
except for rape because that's fun no
it's not kidding don't rape anybody and
if you get raped don't expect it to be
fun because it's not not that I know
anyways
sleep paralysis thoughts hopefully this
didn't bore you guys hopefully maybe you
guys have gone through it I'm not going
to edit this video so it's probably
super long but I'm gonna go I might even
try to glide to sleep
wish me luck bye
