guys we just did a podcast with dad no
geez mom oh my god I finally had to be
chained and all his friends guys we
talked about everything we talked about
her rap career we also brought out
ferry's a big fake pussy it was a very
intense experience although drew is here
he sang a song hi Tina how was it how
did you enjoy yourself it was amazing it
was a once-in-a-lifetime experience and
I hope we get to do it again and again I
hope we just get a manifesting together
oh my god would that be said we're not
looking forever after I have the baby
okay was it you guys
yes welcome back to another creepy video
now I'm just warning you today's video
has some incredibly disturbing images
some that might give you my hairs
because today we're going to be talking
about some of the scariest pictures ever
take every single minute somewhere on
earth someone is taking a picture now
could be picture of their dog good
picture of their family or it might be a
picture of somebody that they just
longer and with all the millions of
pictures that are taken every single day
there's bound to be a few scary now this
first picture I'm going to show you is
if a guy named Tyler badly I know you're
thinking Shane that's just a guy at a
house party hanging out drinking that
pictures not scary at all well it is
when you find out when it was picked
well back on July 16th of 2011 Tyler
through a house fire and it was pretty
much like every other party tons of
teenager shota party drink destroyed the
house and unless the only thing
different about this party was that
right before the people showed up Tyler
murdered his parents with the cloth side
of a hammer
it's a story making national headlines
and a story that has the city of Port
st. Lucie in shock tonight we're hearing
more about the day Mary Jo and Blake
Hadley had their lives taken from them
allegedly by the very son they gave life
to and I also noticed that hey the
picture there's another boy standing
next to Tyler who looks kind of
terrified
well that's because it was Tyler's best
friend Michael who Tyler's had just
shown that gate
- after he told me I didn't believe them
because he's been my best friend forever
I would never suspect anything like this
and I was looking around he told me if I
look good enough I can see science I
looked on the floor I could see signs of
blood and that's when I went around back
and looked at his parents bedroom now
that you know the guy murdered his
parents and other guy in the picture
just saw two dead fucking bodies take a
look at the picture again yeah a crazed
killer and a terrified friend who that
picture didn't get 10 times creepier we
buy that out just listen to what Michael
saw when he was in this house that's all
bloody sheets piled everywhere I saw
burcham pictures with blood on them and
I looked down left all his dad's like so
listen to what he says about taking that
very uncomfortable picture after I found
his parents on your resumee last time I
seen them because I look on his face you
could see the horror on this in its face
that's not normal time now let's talk
about exactly what happened Tyler's mom
was on the computer and he was standing
behind her for five minutes debating
whether or not he was going to kill her
well then he decided to do it and then
killed his father - then right after he
murdered his parents he went on Facebook
and posted this party at my house hit me
up then one of his co-workers responded
with whoa what if your parents come home
and his response they won't trust who
who who my god that all of that
nightmares now over 60 kids came to this
party destroyed the house headed time of
their lives and had no
idea that there was two bodies rotting
in the room next to them now Tyler is in
prison for life
obviously and when he introduces himself
to fellow inmates
he calls himself hammer boy and he's
rabid okay now this next picture I'm
going to show you is very very intense
and might be triggering for some people
because they've done it involved suicide
now back in 2013 in China there was a
photographer on the bridge trying to get
a picture of the fog well as he was
snapping pictures he heard somebody
scream and then he looked at his camera
and he got yeah somebody jumped off the
bridge right as he was taking a picture
now there actually was two people two
jumped off the bridge it was a couple
and they were in a suicide pact here's a
quote from The Forgotten I was totally
paralyzed there was no way I could get
anywhere near her I still had my hand on
the camera and I tensed and I shot off a
few more frames entirely by accident but
ended up photographing the woman as well
so not only did he get a picture of the
man falling you've got a picture of
guy's wife now the suicide rate in China
is extremely high the government says
that every two minutes somebody tries to
kill themselves image and this specific
bridge in China has been called Lover's
Leap because it's where a lot of couples
go and kill themselves now this isn't
the first time that a suicide like this
is the document on camera has happened a
lot but one of the creepiest to me
happen in 1940 now there was a hotel
called the Genesee hotel it was in the
streets of downtown Buffalo while on May
7th of 1942 a woman named Mary Miller
jumped at it they ate now photographers
saw her debating whether or not she's
going to jump out so he took out his
camera and talking it and here is the
momentum right
or she hid around who that was just like
I can feel that one you know the wind
you can see it in her clothes just loose
now what's even creepier is this quote
from the guy that took the picture I
waited until the woman passed the second
or third story and then shot so he
literally was watching her fall and then
one to get the perfect moment where she
was like into the light with a white
background proof okay so we're gonna get
away from suicides for a second and go
and do something that's well a little
scarier the next picture I'm going to
show you involves somebody documenting
their own so back in 2011 there was a
politician named Reynaldo doxa he was
having a New Year's Eve party with his
family so I went to take a picture of
all of them and let me show you a
picture that's right right behind his
family that he was taking a picture of
was a man standing with a gun about to
shoot and right as this picture was
taken the man pulled the trigger and
killed Ronaldo who that one is just like
crazy like I can't even imagine I do you
think he saw it happen do you think he
took the picture and saw that he was
about to die or do you think he didn't
even notice now if you look at the
picture again you'll see the guy with a
gun on the left that on the right you'll
see another guy and that guy was the
assassin to look out so they were both
in this together now the silver lining
of the situation is that because he took
a picture of the murderers they
obviously were identified and the family
was able to get justice and they were
arrested but either way it does not
change the fact that that is one of the
scariest pictures I think I have ever
seen okay now this next picture I'm
going to show you at first
doesn't seem crazy seems pretty normal
it's just a couple on their honeymoon
it's scuba diving and check it out
okay seems normal
just people scuba diving nothing crazy
right let me just tell you this is
fucked in this picture there's a couple
Dave and Tina watts and they are on
earth so you probably remember them
swimming next to each other right no if
you look at the picture again you will
see Tina dead on the ocean floor
in the background yeah and the scariest
part her husband isn't even he's just
looking away she was excited about her
wedding she always wanted to be the
Princess Bride
she wanted everything just perfect she
had a planned out perfectly but eleven
days later Tina was dead
obviously Gage said that this was an
accident that her to be moved and she
started suffocating it was too late she
died prosecutors began the trial this
week by showing jurors this photo of
Tina lying lifeless on the ocean floor
as shown in this Australian police
reenactment video the prosecution
believes Watson killed his new bride by
turning off her air supply on her scuba
tank and then holding her in a bear hug
while she suffocated yes the Australian
police think that he killed her now they
think his motive was that he wanted to
collect her life-insurance policy and
that this whole marriage with the scam
either way he was put on trial and sent
to prison for 12 but then the judge
threw out his case because of lack of
evidence and now Gail is a free he knows
how it down he knows what was involved
he knows what the intent was he knows
what the feeling for the motives were he
doesn't need to have a jury to tell him
what happened
so we might not ever know what exactly
happened whether it was murder or it was
an accident either way that picture is
okay now this next picture is just first
of all it involves a subway which is
obviously you guys know one of my
biggest fears and it also involves
somebody about to game took it out so
this happened back in 2012 in New York
the 58 year old man named ji sook on got
to a confrontation with another guy in
the subway well supposedly there was a
panhandler guy who was kind of going off
on people in the middle of the subway
system and ki-suh khan went up to him
and was like hey man calm down trying to
like calm the situation well the
panhandler got mad it put his hands on
him and pushed him onto the track here
is a video of your confrontation we take
him over there
bitch my faithful audiences now once the
land fell into the tracks everybody
tried to do everything they could to get
him out and the only reason this picture
even happened was because somebody that
had a camera was trying to take pictures
to get the flash going to tell the
operator of the subway that was coming
like hey stop something's happening but
unfortunately they could not say that
and he was supposedly they interviewed
the panhandler guy and he said oh sorry
I just lost my cool lost her cool and
pushed a guy into a fuckin track okay
now this last one I'm going to show you
is very scary not because it involves
like murder or suicide but because it
involves a real life you think I'm
kidding
I'm not okay so first I'm going to show
you the whole picture this was taken in
the early 1900s
okay seem normal and let's zoom in a
little bit and check out this yeah do
you see that see-through man's standing
in the background
well that man's name is Freddie Jack's
buddy Jackson is dead Freddie Jackson's
funeral was happening the same day that
this photo was taken and when all these
men looked back at the photo they all
freaked out and said oh my god that's
Perry Jackson they all confirmed it now
Freddy was killed in a really bad
accident by an airplane propeller and
this happened before he got to take a
group picture with all of his co-workers
and friends so it makes you think he
just wanted to pump back into the
picture and get one last group and maybe
Freddy Jackson just didn't want to be
forgotten
Laird ESCO hopefully you enjoyed this
video and all the creepy pictures that I
showed you now really quick before I go
I just want to say once again I mean no
disrespect to any of the family members
who might have been involved in any of
these murders or suicides I just find
this dark twisted stuff very fascinating
and I know a lot of you guys do too so I
promise I mean now if you guys like
these creepy dark videos normally get
more of them give me a thumbs up so I
know also make sure to subscribe to my
channel hit the notification bell
because I make new videos every day
and if you want to see all my other
scary videos I've done scariest torture
devices gets caught on hidden cameras
I've done a lot of it I'll put a link to
a playlist right the top of description
right you guys keep your cameras rolling
never know what you're gonna get
