yeah sometimes when I wear my
motherfucking pajamas motherfuckers be
like damn yo man that guy is whore I
mean look at them motherfucking Mario
pajamas that mustache man you don't fuck
with that and you know what the ladies
say when they see my motherfucking
pajamas
they don't say nothing but I can read
they mind and you know what they mind is
saying but that's just the white girls
then you got that Mexican bitches you
know what they be saying when they see
my pajamas so Stan thermos and I don't
know what the fuck that means
but I'm guessing the translation hey
what's up the guys yes I'm in that kind
of a mood today a very offensive dirty
mood and it could be because I haven't
showered my hair looks like this and
there's snot rockets all over my shirt
so I didn't want to just talk about my
pajamas today I want to talk about you
guys first things first I'm so excited
you guys like the Christmas video I
can't even explain how excited I am my
penis is photo joy magic there's a
lightning bolts collar on my balls it's
a very Harry Potter situation actually
no it's just a very hairy situation
anyways yes I'm very excited thank you
guys so much for liking and favoriting
and spreading to your friends and
spreading all the Christmas joy it just
means a lot to me second thing I want to
talk about is I hope you guys are
enjoying my iPhone channel I've been
making vlogs like almost every day
pretty much every other day but in
January I'm going to try to do every
single day so wish me luck
but one thing I've noticed is a lot of
comments that you guys aren't getting
them in your subscription boxes which
not a surprise YouTube has really fucked
up right now so what I was asking my
friend about he told me about it I
didn't really understand but you can pin
my channel now let me explain this I
mean I don't really understand it but
let me try to explain this you go to
your home page you click subscriptions
you find my face hopefully I'll be in
there three times for my three channels
if not fuck off
and the next to my face it says that you
can pin me which basically means you're
putting me and my three channels on your
home page so every time I have a new
video automatically you can click on it
and see and a lot of you guys aren't
expecting a new main channel video on
Saturday but guess what motherfuckers I
have one it's a really awesome video but
it is about Sheneneh and I know you guys
might be tired of
thing a little too much to Nene so I'm
sorry I will stop making any videos
after this but it's a good one across
finally this Friday I am working on a
new Shane and Friends I'm very excited
it'll be up not this Saturday but next
Saturday and I'm pumped I'm very excited
this is new videos you guys main channel
videos like this is something I'm trying
to get fucking on track you know my I'm
talking 2012 I'm talking videos every
motherfucking week you know like old
school change like the motherfucking
Shane that was like put shit up speaking
of old Shane asked Shane is coming back
2012 motherfucker every single Monday
I'm a second Channel listen I'm not
gonna lie I got very bored of it I got
tired so I'm gonna try to figure out a
way to spice it up and that's about it I
just want to give you guys an update of
what's going on so leave me a comment
what's an update of what's going on in
your life are you excited about the
holidays are you bored are you tired of
your life give me all your problems I
love to read other people's problems
makes me feel better about myself I
don't really know what that says about
myself all right I love you guys I will
see you this Saturday on my main channel
and until then here is a sneak peek from
the new video see you guys later
what did you say again that I want to
die wow you sound like a 12 year old
girl I bet you're a Jonas Brother fan
too
No they suck I didn't mean that
you've always been embarrassed of our
love come on Joe you know that's not
true
no no Joe don't leave me you still have
me Oh
me
