okay guys um Sean is telling me about
things that they do in say in Jamaica
first of all my favorite thing she says
say uh McDonald's man now say I'm gonna
kill you Mr Bond lucky let me sub on
haha okay now show me uh what is this a
mating call or wait let me think uh yeah
they're good
it's like when you're excited like at a
concert or something I let the music is
good gonna go okay ready I'm gonna trap
food but I can't yeah hey do it again
that was it right you're told do it
again yeah that's it one more try okay
what what that was close
so right now we are at my house and
Steve is playing with my dog shut up I
can't stop what are you drank yeah so
purple drink some purple get Oh such a
stereotype girl yeah now what um she is
going to teach me how to twerk on the
wall me film should we should I put on
my onesie pajamas yeah that would be so
bad I can't wait to do that okay just
put on my pajamas you ready somebody
gonna watch out of this Oh yikes
I mean sexy it's not the most flattering
outfit definitely makes me feel hippy
what do you think fucking Brit you rain
this is a readiness right your expertise
your readiness oh my god I'm really
nervous
we needed oh my god ah yeah that's
happening on your wall that just
happened you're gonna be here to catch
me yes
that's okay I think you're closer you
are to the wall the easier it is so
chocolate mousse I don't want you to be
sexually molested I think I understand
yeah yeah I lose the other foot your ad
say that oh my god say he didn't do it
you get like some point that is famine
holy fuck I me I lost all the blood in
my head not only I got all the blood not
only did you not succeed but you're
wearing those silly hi EJ David I
believe in you oh my gosh double twerk I
mean please step 3 is fun oh my god
it's about to get real oh damn twerking
on his head oh hi mom your turn Oh
