hey this is really hard for me this is
very tough video to make because it's
time for me to be honest it's time for
me to stop hiding what it is I've been
hiding for I don't know my whole life
ever since I appear a lot of you guys
suspected this um you saw hints of it
and you were like oh that's what I Shane
Dawson and my hairy freak I know you're
shocked you're terrified it's something
that you didn't expect to see well guess
what I'm here I'm hairy get used to it
hairy arms hairy leg hairy knuckles semi
unibrow hairy dick okay I'm not going to
show you that one but just imagine it
I'm tired of pretending and I'm tired of
all of you pretending oh look at me I'm
a hairless wonder I've never waxed God
made me this way you fucking life unless
you're Asian then yeah that's right but
if you're not Asian
and you like me stop lying to yourself I
filmed multiple videos where I had a
little hair stick out and I literally
didn't upload it because I'm like oh my
god they're gonna judge me they're gonna
hate me they're gonna think I'm 80 years
old but in reality guess what I'm a man
kind of and I hope you guys accept me
for who I am and I hope you accept
yourselves for who you are if you were
like me and you were in the locker room
and you were afraid of all the other
kids seeing your hairy body so you would
wear your PE clothes underneath your
school clothes so you never had to show
your body just look at those smooth
assholes and say fuck you I am what I am
unless you're a girl and you should
probably wax that shit I'm kidding kinda
so leave a comment what's the one thing
about yourself you've been hiding and
just remember you've been only hide for
so long
alright I love you guys back
