hey what's up you guys um first of all
yes I'm wearing a Hannah Montana blanket
don't judge me um so this video I
probably won't even post um set a
toenail god it's a video I'm probably
gonna regret making and it's probably
gonna be in my trash can um I met but
for my personal sake I decided to record
myself right now so some of you guys
don't all all of you guys don't know
this because I don't really talk about
Mike I talk about my personal life I
don't really talk about like my personal
personally so um contrary to popular
belief I'm not actually homosexual and
I've been with the same girl for well
next week it would be a year tonight it
ended and I think this is my first real
like break up break up I've had little
things in the past that were like
whatever then they ended or I don't know
but like this is the first like it was a
year long and then it ended so it's kind
of like a big deal for me um I'm kind of
numb right now it's weird because it
didn't end in a bad way nobody cheated
on anybody like we didn't get to a fight
like none of that she didn't have sex
with a midget like it wasn't any of that
it was just kind of like you we just
both knew it was not you're not gonna
work out anymore and and it's sad
because you have all those memories of
like you and that person doing all these
things and going all these places and
then it's done and then you realize that
why I'm never going to do that again
with that person it's kind of like
bizarre so um now it's the worst part
for me because obviously I'm I'm not
going to go try to find a new
girlfriend right now that's not what I'm
trying to I'm not trying to like replace
her like I don't want to do that god
it's going to
going and going on a first date again
having to get to know a girl again
having to do all that awkward stuff
where you're like trying to explain like
so I do this thing called YouTube where
I dress up like a girl um oh and I'm a
virgin so we're not going to be all
right my partner so now I got to do that
that's gonna be awkward so I'm just
making this video to see what you guys
do how do you handle breakups cuz it's
funny a lot of you guys are 12 years old
but you've broken up with more more
people than I have so my my whole thing
is kind of like I think I'm just going
to focus on making videos focus on my
Christmas special and all that other
 just to keep me occupied but I'm
sure tomorrow I'll wake up and be like
oh what I crave but right now I'm kind
of like numb I'm not gonna upload this
yeah I'm gonna upload this and I'm not
gonna say who she is because I don't
want you guys to tweet her mean stuff
cuz she's not a bad person it just you
know yeah it just happens like that but
if you look at my vlogs it's pretty
obvious who it is um so yeah so that was
my question of the day
my little thought of the day I'm gonna
go this video is probably very boring
but I wanted to capture a moment in my
life shame there's gonna be a lot more
breakups
you're not that attractive you
crossdress for a living and you have a
really weird belly button so get used to
it
