yes what is fuck and I don't care
because I'm so excited because a music
video came out yesterday you guys liked
it so yes a couple things I want to talk
about first of all thank you guys so
much for love in the music video
hopefully you loved the music video
thank you for favoriting it and
commenting and doing all that stuff it
makes me feel really happy in my penis
area and I just wanted to say a couple
things in this video first of all for
all of you guys that are saying are you
gay Shane because that video means
you're gay right you obviously didn't
watch the whole video so and I think you
kind of missed the point of the video so
watch it again
um no I'm not gay and if I was I would
tell you guys I wouldn't make a music
video about it I would just be like hey
guess what you guys I'm not getting my
dick sucked mark guys but back to that
topic I mean why do people think I'm gay
I mean I'm so straight the second thing
I want to talk about is my Christmas
special we are starting production on
that in like three days I'm very nervous
very excited it's gonna be another big
you know five days shoot and there's a
lot of actors and a lot of sex and it's
shanaynay stealing Christmas it's gonna
be crazy
so uh wish me luck I'm gonna have to do
choreography I'm gonna have to dance
Sheneneh is gonna dance that's gonna be
interesting I'm gonna have to make
little children cry it's gonna be a long
process but hopefully it comes up good
so that'll be up like the
teeth or something of December the third
thing I want to talk to you guys about
those best is a behind-the-scenes video
so most of you guys saw that on my
second channel the part that got left
out of the main behind-the-scenes video
was me in the recording studio and I
mean I know you guys want to see that
because you know when I spit on the mic
it gets crazy
okay it doesn't get crazy it gets kind
of gay really really gay so I'll show
you that in a second and before I go I
just want to say I love you guys your
support means the world to me I'm gonna
keep making videos till I die and I hope
you guys keep watching them and I will
see you guys pretty soon love you kisses
cumshots ba sweaty he's puking up months
but Gatti's nervous but on the future he
looks oh hey what's up you guys I'm just
chilling in my home aka the recording
studio and I'm about to drop my own bomb
I always look forward to doing a session
like you know how I'm always entertained
honestly I rarely let other people hear
my clients work I let my children here
they really think he's funny so it
started in the summer of 93 you used to
come to my house and visit me well like
I was saying before you came a time my
boys I'm always surprised with your
singing abilities cross the line you got
to you close to me let's go from 1 to 10
I'd say 7 pretty good started in the
summer of 93 you used to come to my
house and visit me I let you play with
Barbies and then we'd bake cookies and
then you came over on Halloween I was
Mary Kate in you were Ashley that
Christmas I got you posters of jtt I
think I crossed
