all right everybody it's the interview
you've been waiting for all year with
the biggest pop star in the entire world
muffins muffins what are you thoughts on
Thanksgiving me too
I love Turkey what are you thoughts on
Lady gaga muffins no I know it's a
touchy subject
don't leave every time I bring up her
ex-lover she gets so angry what about
Justin Timberlake silence that answers a
lot no no no no no what about Selena
Gomez don't you do this to me what about
you snoop
yes you're nodding your head yes you
were fucked Selena
very interesting do you think Justin
Bieber's the father no comment well
there you have it these two are not
telling me anything you're harder to
interview than Mariah Carey except your
cats and she's just retarded hey what
are you guys it is Thanksgiving and it
is our normal tradition every year we
don't eat we don't talk about family
stories we drive by Best Buy and make
fun of all the people that camp there
overnight because it's ridiculous all
right we're coming up to Best Buy and I
already see a little shanty town with
tents and everything fighting oh we
should play Friday
oh but fuck but Friday's on my phone and
I'm using my phone right now
RB blackout or but Rebecca black gap oh
my gosh well there's nobody at t.j.maxx
or there's nobody at Michaels because
gay people don't wake up this early
I saw I saw a lot of people looking at
us like they were going to take their
$200 flat-screen TV and smash it over
the demographic of a Black Friday line
is primarily older people have no idea
what the hell we're doing really no that
kid knows he knows right you know well
here's what I have to say to all you
guys waiting out there I respect you for
your cheapness and I hope you get
everything you want and I hope nobody's
trampled you to death what do you say
it's only American to wait outside for
five days to save five dollars on the
night I respect that I would do it just
to know tax what are you guys doing this
today on Thanksgiving and this is
already past Thanksgiving so what'd you
do all right I'm gonna go buy our play
