this is happening right now this is
happening right now
my mom is sorry what's up you guys were
filming my music video hi and it has
gotten crazy I have gotten danced on
schipper crazy dance done and I'm about
to make out with this guy a crazy video
we got Lori Beth over here in her onesie
they were scissoring earlier yeah how is
this history so high I totally sketches
just you know kissing himself
what no so Steve what do you think so
far I think it's really offensive shame
yourself huh you're up you're exploiting
these women shoes my mom is even more
offended I'm so excited
Bree you're mean you're here are you
excited bang a stripper waves or all of
us doesn't that one look just like juicy
star or no no shit
just like Jesus alright let me show you
guys does this look just like her oh my
god it's just like you were saying you
look just like a youtuber it's crazy um
so yeah we're gonna keep filming I'll
see you guys soon
and my mom's gonna cream herself
