hey what's the big idea
welcome to another conspiracy theory
video and of course I'm going to talk
about the theory that you have all been
talking about for the last week and that
is the theory that afro Lavine is really
dead
now I talked about this theory two years
ago but for some reason it's making a
comeback people are freaking out because
they think that the Admiral would be mad
we know today is actually Lola said
bangle alright so here's the story goes
basically back in 2002 Avril Lavigne was
blowing up and she wasn't the type that
enjoyed the paparazzi or the red carpet
so her record label hired a look-alike
that we do all of those things for her
melissa's until now this is not uncommon
a lot of celebrities have look-alikes
that are employed by them and if they
want to fool the paparazzi they'll send
her look-alike somewhere and then the
paparazzi follows them so the idea that
Apple's record label would give her one
isn't shocking then the story takes a
duck in 2003 Avril Lavigne's grandfather
died and she went into a severe
depression she even broke down in tears
on stage during her concert that's my
grandpa to touch great today so the
story goes but shortly after that at
will Avena kills herself now this is
when Avril Lavigne was the most popular
she's ever been so the theory is that
the record label did not want that to go
away so they had Melissa step in and
take now listen I'm going to start this
off by saying I am the biggest Avril
Lavigne fan of all time I have been
listening to her her entire career I own
all of her albums like the physical
copies of the albums I know her career
like the back of my hand and even I
noticed a difference in Avril after 2003
so let me give an example here's a clip
for performing a song in 2003
okay so you can hear she has kind of a
raspy voice little deep well here she is
performing just a few years yeah
her voice has clearly changed the little
higher pitch it's a little more feminine
it was just a lot different than it used
to be but it wasn't just her
performances it changed what's your
interviews just check out this clip from
2008 if you want to know what I think
that I am I think that I'm just a rock
chick and I like to rock out now here
she is usually I sang in church and sang
around my little town I mean the
personality is completely different the
style is different the physical
appearance is different but people have
taken it to the next level and they
started posting pictures of what Apple
used to look like versus what you look
like now the differences are pretty
crazy so as you can see in this picture
they do look very different but maybe it
was just a makeover but one person
started measuring everything and measure
its when ten things did change I mean
the space between the eyebrows is bigger
the nose is narrower the space between
the chin and the lip is a lot smaller
the brow line is different
pretty much everything on her face is
adjusted just a little bit which makes
people think even more that it's Melissa
because yeah her look-alike looked a lot
like her but she probably had a lot of
small subtle duties also people have
noticed that her writing has changed so
here is a picture of what her old Randy
looked like it's pretty distinct it's
almost cursive now just a picture of her
new ready I mean that's clearly
different I mean my writing has not
changed that much in the last 10 years I
feel like the way you write when you're
maybe 13 14 is kind of how you write
forever I don't know listen I am a huge
Avril fan I
Walter ever since she came out I have
all of her albums I know all of her
songs but I don't know the theory is
pretty crazy there's so many pieces of
it that makes sense I'm just looking at
a clip from her music videos back in the
day compared to some of the stuff that's
Kannamma recently yeah there's a change
but do I really think she's dead and
this is Melissa taking over mm-hmm
I don't know I mean just look at this
video of me 10 years ago and tell me it
doesn't look like I've changed what's
cracking youtubers if you don't know me
my name is Shane nice to meet you yes I
hope I ain't dead
I hope she's dead hope that guy's killed
himself and was replaced by somebody
slightly less annoying because Dale I
don't know listen it could be real it
could be fake by people change so maybe
a burl just evolved or maybe she didn't
and she died and Melissa is taking over
but Melissa girl I'm waiting for you to
drop an album because it's been a minute
you should probably drop them right now
because people are talking about you
come on arrow be smart okay now this
next conspiracy theory is about Katy
Perry I think a little different than
you're probably expecting now we've
talked about Katy Perry possibly being a
reptile and we've even talked about Katy
Perry being a part of the Illuminati and
showing lots of symbols in her videos
and obviously those theories are a
little far-fetched
this next one is true I mean I don't
know it's true but it's fucking true to
me and that is the theory that Katy
Perry's entire career has been based off
a comic book character okay let me
explain okay so you guys know the show
Riverdale right well Riverdale is
actually based on a comic book from the
40s called Archie now arching is a comic
book about a guy and his love triangles
and then just trying to be a teenager
but shit just keeps going wrong but
there's one character in the Archie
comic book series that people started
looking back at and thinking she looks
very familiar
her name is Katie Keith and let me show
you picture could you tell me if she
looks oddly familiar blue hair or heart
corset lots of makeup I kind of felt
like somebody else we know
I know you're probably thinking Shane
that's just a coincidence but it's a
coincidence
yeah literally in the same outfit and
with a lion who roars the thank you teen
decided to get a makeover and you know
kind of look like an 80s girl you know
the love did that yep Katy Perry and
then Katy keen went on the beach
Thank You T keen decided to wear
Japanese about it dressed up as mrs.
Claus become a mermaid have a summer
love on top of a convertible be covered
in peacocks being an Egyptian costume a
Mario Chi costume she even willed on a
fucking firework and if that isn't all
crazy enough just look at the text from
Teenage Dream Benkei Tiki yeah both
three be candy cane design you can't
tell me that that's just a coincidence I
don't know I find that very interesting
like imagine a pop star creating their
entire career kind of based off of a
character anonymous to do we could have
guessed what was going to come next
you know what I mean like we could have
looked at the comic like oh she's going
to be on a firework and then a year
later boom Katy Perry firework
that's just very interesting to me and
by the way I don't mean this is like
hate - Katy Perry I like Katy Perry I
like her music I just found it kind of
like cool okay this next conspiracy
theory once again involves a company
that might be subliminally messaging us
not as the company Monster energy drinks
alright now this theory sounds kind of
dumb and kind of crazy but let me
explain so the theory is that monster is
actually trying to put the devil in our
homes now but a month ago this video
started going viral of this Christian
woman explaining how monster is actually
Def Leppard she starts showing the can
and explaining the symbols that are
hidden inside and she explained how the
M on the can has spaces in between this
was a gap right here in the letter M
it's never connected
so you go into Hebrew the lettered bomb
is also the number six short top long
tail short top long tail
you could have hair in Hebrew 666 on the
can okay so I cleaned up by that maybe
maybe they did put a six six six seven
but then she explains that the actual
monster logo had to cross Indo and she's
right there is a cross in there but
wouldn't that signify Jesus like
thousand signify the devil well then she
fucking a blew my mind you cannot deny
that that is a cross it wasn't
prescribed when the cross goes upside
any bike okay listen I know it sounds
crazy but when she did that when she
lifted it in the cross went upside down
I got the fucking chills and there was
other things she explained - like for
example in the Bible the mark of the
beast is basically something that you
get on your body and it signifies that
the devil kind of controls you well then
she said hey look at monsters tag
yeah unleash the beast
zoo so is this company trying to get
kids to drink this drink to kind of show
that the devil control them are they
just trying to get the devil in our
homes
I don't know it's crazy but also like
I'm still gonna buy it okay this next
area we're going to talk about is
something we've kind of touched on
before and that's basically the theory
that Marilyn Monroe so as most of you
guys know Marilyn Monroe died on August
4th of 1962 and ever since she died
people think questioning what exactly
happened now supposedly she died of an
overdose but a lot of people don't
believe that because they say she was
happy she loved her career she loved her
life why would she end well it's common
knowledge that she was having an affair
with the president at the time and a lot
of people think that she learned some
secret information and she was going to
leak it to the press
so the government killed her so to me
that seems very believable she was
killed because she knew too much about
the government right what I didn't know
was some of the things she knew involved
aliens now supposedly at the time she
was having an affair with the president
her phones were tapped the government
wanted to hear everything she was saying
because they wanted to know what she
knew well in the CIA document that was
leaked it said a lot of very scary so
here's the document right here and a lot
of people have claimed that this is real
it's been tested there was even a whole
documentary that just came out very
recently about it and they don't claim
that it's real in this document it
claims that Marilyn Monroe was talking
to a friend on the phone and mentioned
that the president told her about a
place that had secret things from the
outer space now that place of course
would have been an area 50 Marilyn
allegedly also said that she was going
to tell everybody what she knew and that
she had a lot of Secrets and some
involved others and then she died of and
I don't know that one creeps me out so
much because I can totally see that one
being real now listen a lot of UFO
videos XM out
see them in enlightenment on fake ID as
much as I want to believe all of them I
mean some of them clearly are not real
but a hundred percent aliens exist like
I'm not just saying that they have to
all the planets and galaxies and you're
trying to tell me that we're the only
living thing it does not add up to me i
100% believe that there are aliens and i
also hundred doesn't believe that the
government knows about it that the
government does not want us to know
about it because if we did it would
change everything
it could cause mass chaos mass panic but
it also could cause complete world peace
because the entire world would be like
oh fuck why are we going to war why are
we doing all these things we should be
concerned about the fact that there's
fucking aliens and we all know how much
the government loves more so why would
they want to get rid of that so they
keep being alien to secret so it makes
you wonder who else has been killed
because they found out too much
hopefully I'm not next okay now this
next thing is very scary and I've gotten
so many emails about it it's an
Instagram account called I know exactly
who you are
now ingress accounts bio it says follow
me give me a shout-out and DM now they
claim that you can have them they will
know everything about now just things
they can find on Google or through your
profile pictures they will know very
distinct details about your life that no
one else could know unless they were
personally friends so if you DM em and
say Who am I they will tell you and then
they will post all the DMS on their page
and show the conversation and they get
extremely specific for example look at
this you took nudes at Betsy's house and
you used to go out with Tyrone and you
went to the throat part with Mackenzie
Richards and mafia penfold I mean that's
like very fucking specific that's not
like you were born here you go to this
school that's like you said news to this
person who did this like scary well I
got so many emails
to count them out like I gotta go to
this page I gotta see what it's all
about and I went to the page and this
happened yeah what does that mean I
don't know where they shut down by
Instagram did this shut themselves down
did they go too far did something creepy
happen I don't know either way I'm
curious how this person got the
information were they just an expert
hacker did they somehow get into
people's computers phones but I don't
know either way it's fucking terrifying
okay so this next theory is about
something that you guys you know like
fucking hate more than anything and that
is minions I don't know why I just it's
not creepy I don't get it I don't think
they're funny I think Oh scary
well this need me even more
uncomfortable thinking about so this
theory came out and it fucked me up so
the theory goes that the minions are
actually based on this and supposedly
this picture is of Jewish children who
were adopted by Nazi scientists for the
purpose of poison gas experiences and
supposedly that's where they got the
inspiration for the mating and if you're
looking at side by side it's fucking
uncanny
now listen this has been debunked
supposedly that picture was taken in
1908 way before the Holocaust but even
so I mean fill Dominions
right and I don't care if it's from the
Holocaust or not from the Holocaust
either way it's an old fucking creepy
picture of much fucking creepy fucking
kids where it's fucking creepy torture
device looking things look at like
minions you cannot tell me that they did
not get inspiration from that but
literally is a minion and for some
reason it just creeps me out even more
and makes me more fucking scared of them
than I already was all right now there's
one of the Mandela effect and I know I
told you I was done with my gel effects
but I had to do this one because it
involves my best friend so I got this
email from a girl named Anna she said my
best friend Brittany and I are obsessed
with watching you and your monsters
videos we loved the video titled
I seen on tv products number three now
in this video they claim that Drew sings
a song where he says calling attention
to the carnival drew Monson is missing
well then they went back to the video
few months later and they saw Richard
doesn't say missing he says drew Monson
is lost
here's a quick welcome to the carnival
have some fun we have got popcorn
waiting for you
kettle corn cheese corn take your pick
where's my dad where's that wave yet
calling attention to the car Boulder
Moulton is locked but out back oh ok so
he clearly says drew Monson is lost
oh I thought we should call drew and see
what he thinks he said because this girl
swears that he said missing she swears
so let's see what the truth is hello
okay yeah okay so you know that there's
a man double effect that involves you
I'm about to explain it to you okay
getting home all day okay so I'm gonna
say a line from your video and I'm going
to leave it with a blank and you're
gonna sell on the blackberry ready all
right okay calling attention to the
carnival right drew Monson is blank okay
what clothes are Muslims but thanks to
rationale for why ah because bitch
supposedly you said la have to watch do
you remember saying this thing so maybe
you are in another dimension that is so
fucking weird oh my god well guys there
you go drew Monson reg LFX how does it
feel oh no we're not in that dimension
also do you think ever Lavigne is done
without a doubt but you know what I
still look at that thing with the
handwriting the handwriting looks the
same I looked at each letter it was like
the same one right good we'll maybe
maybe she's alive in your dimension
clean will their desk oh those are all
the conspiracies but
let me know down in the comments if you
believe that a Philippine is actually
also if you want more conspiracy theory
videos give me a thumbs up so I know and
make sure to subscribe my channel right
down below hit the notification them
there make new videos every day
and if you want see all my other
conspiracy theory videos I've done
literally a hundred of them I've done
ones about Beyonce Britney Spears Taylor
Swift I'll put a link to a playlist
right hopper description below alright
you guys I'll see you in another
dimension
