what's up motherfuckers it's almost
Christmas um well not really it is for
me because I'm working on my Christmas
video right now so I'm trying to get the
Christmas mindset which means mark here
and shrink be extra boss Christmas Aaron
Carter Christmas who lost a to Christmas
album
okay sure does a Christmas album they'd
be so good I'm gonna Jack go write the
tree with my Pig and maybe uh vomit on
it
oh I'd buy that um so yes Christmas I'm
very excited so just a little update
I've been working this week very hard
for you guys I just finished my video
for this Saturday I finished a second
channel video for this Saturday where
faith talks about Twilight I fucking
finished my Christmas script I had to do
a bunch of revisions on it because you
know it's I'm trying to make it bigger
so that was good um so she said all
right what else I haven't slept huh I'm
going insane what else and yeah so
that's it so I just wanted to say hi I
love you guys my iPhone channel has been
really broken lately like my
subscription boxes aren't working so a
lot of you guys are tweeting me saying
how come you're not putting anything is
up and I'm putting videos up like every
day so I'm sorry YouTube okay we strike
that so here's my question
now say randomly I could get a cameo for
this Christmas special from a celebrity
who would you want to see like who's
like the number one person I know the
number one person I want to see and I'm
not gonna say it because I don't want to
jinx it
I hope she agrees to do it
does that give it away so what do you
guys think let me in comment here is a
little clip of my video from set for
this Saturday I want to show you guys a
clip because I know it's been a couple
weeks since my main channel has had a
new video so I'm excited about this one
and I hope you guys get excited about it
we like it and I'm gonna go sleep
I just legit vomited like wow that was
great
I've been doing that all week I think
I've acid reflux is now Ashley Simpson
had right all right I love you guys bye
Oh
welcome to the Wendy Williams Show we
have Justin Bieber's baby mama audience
don't boo she's been going through a lot
this week I'm sure she's very upset I
want to say hi to my friends my family
my girlfriend Nisha thank you so much
for letting me borrow your piss I would
not have passed the shows police
background check without you and some I
made wanna loopy get your ass back to
work I have in cameras I see what you do
with my dog
