oh oh oh with your hair back in boy is
masturbation I've ever seen and I've
seen fake hey what's up guys I'm here
with Wendy you guys miss her everybody's
asking for you the whole world the world
yeah oh do it
oh the world loves Mandy no she's my
best friend in the whole world and I
make her masturbate that's not true I
wish it was true so the reason I'm here
with her is because I just did some
voiceover work because I am in her
series called sander
the internet and I play a mysterious man
of mystery with a mustache he's very
cool and it's it's pretty cool sell it
that was it well I hate selling things
but you know it's my favorite episode
and I think it's pretty cool no it's
really funny she wrote you wrote it
right yeah she wrote it and she directed
it and it was at a bowling alley and
like the ghetto I don't even know she
made me drive for like five hours in the
bowling alley that I grew up bullying so
it's pretty read it was pretty cool and
I changed in the bathroom and there was
a guy next to me and there was a guy in
the stall next to me taking the biggest
shit I've ever heard of my life he was
so excited to take it no the worst is I
come out in my costume I'm like thank
God I'm out of there and the costume
ladies like that's great go try out
another pair and I'm like oh I gotta go
back and he was just finishing so that's
what it's like being on set with sat on
a sword oh oh what will you guys help
put a link in the crotch go check it out
support her because she's awesome and I
mean this genuinely like she's she's
awesome why is there pictures of Asian
people in here where are we well let's
not say where we go cuz we'll get in
trouble who is that that Miley okay here
you guys leave a comment who is that
was it close again alright see you guys
later
