ah welcome to my party it's of you guys
we are editing the homing video of
course like we always do and I just
realized that Mike
looks just like Aaron Carter he doesn't
really believe it but can we just
hey welcome gonna party right like Aaron
before meth well in the middle of man
yeah okay you guys leave a comment on a
scale of one to ten how much did you
look like Aaron Carter I'm going with
eleven eleven seven seven seven eleven I
don't think Tony knows hearing progress
Teddy was listed by Michael Jackson
oh yeah Aaron Carter was molested by
Michael Jackson if he came out and said
that were you molested by Michael
Jackson yeah twice your heart was
molested by his music cumulus my ears
every day I love Michael Jackson well
have that song go if you're not the one
then what that's Daniel Bedingfield
that's how I beat shit you and not alone
is this bring back bad memories
uh oh yeah oair is that what a CDO is
called Oh Aaron probably all right you
guys subscribe ah hanging oneself you
guys yes that was a random video I found
on my phone that I never booth
no that was nasty
um that I never uploaded and I was like
hey it's kind of funny l employed um so
yeah I just wanted to see how you guys
were doing just want to check in it's
been a few days um well I mean the last
video I uploaded was me complaining
about drama kids so and that was a
little angry so I wanted to upload a
happier video because I love you guys
and I just want to say hi and uh big
news my brother just got engaged what
so that's crazy it's weird it makes me
think about like how fast time goes cuz
I don't know it feels like just five
seconds ago me and my brother were like
kids and now we're not and he's getting
married and he's gonna have kids and I
am not gonna have kids yet cuz I'm not
married and I'll never get married I'm
gonna be alone forever I'll have you
guys but yeah so what's your guys is
plan where do you guys want to be in
five years I don't
it's a random question but leave a
comment or video response I don't know I
just want to you know get you guys
thinking about the future because it's
kind of fun it's fun to think about like
where we're gonna be my dream is to be
making movies um hopefully funny ones
but hopefully scary ones and hopefully
movies that you guys are going to be
like oh that's my favorite movie ever it
may be a really bad movie I've always
want to make a really bad like a Tyler
Perry movie
not his movies are bad say I'm gonna go
I love you guys I will see you pretty
soon and hopefully you guys are doing
good and my hair is wet
not because I showered but because I'm
sweating how sexy is that
Wow I'm not gonna get that close to the
camera because let you can see all my my
pimples it's like my brain has an on and
off switch Shh all right I love you guys
bye
