don't you guys hate those girls who in
high school are in like every drama
class every musical they think they're
very very very talented that they're
God's gift to music and that us
listening to their singing is almost
like us you know opening our Christmas
gifts and in Hanukkah gifts and Kwanzaa
give every gift we can get is what we
get while we watch them but if they
could only hear what they sounded like
they'd probably understand that we would
like a gift receipt we would like to
take that shit back we would like to
replace it with something that doesn't
suck terribly we don't want to hear 825
billion 600 whatever that song is we
don't want to hear it we don't want to
hear it when we go to Denny's we don't
want to hear it when we're sitting in
the park we don't want to hear it when
we're walking by you at the mall because
that's where they do it they sing
everywhere it's not just at school they
all of them grit together and then they
get in a van some kind of a van of music
and they get down this road on the van
of music and they stop at every place
that I'm stopping at and they sing I
want to go to Yogurtland Oh guess who's
getting samples next to me a yo girl and
400 minutes a minute by millions
something bigger than I am okay there's
not five hundred million six hundred
billion types of yoghurt so what are you
singing about because it's not about
yoghurt get the fuck out of yogurt lane
and then I have to deal with them not
only yogurt man but at the gym I'll
about to get on the treadmill I'm all
excited about to get pumped and then I
hear the hills are alive with the sound
of music no they're not the hills are
not alive at the sound of music is if
they were you'd be there but instead of
running on hills you're running on a
treadmill right next to me and try to
drive me fucking crazy I'm sorry I'm
getting angry I don't mean to get angry
I'm just saying people who sing if you
think you're good good for you I'm a fan
of confidence but when you have that
much confidence in your singing voice
you know what you should just share that
with your family and Jesus
and the devil I don't know whatever you
prayed it you should just share with
that because if you share it with me I'm
gonna end up killing myself which maybe
is what you want and then maybe you
could sing at my funeral
but until then stop singing
