hey what's up you guys so guess what
today's episode of chocolate sundae is
gonna be extra-special you know why
because I got not one not two not three
not four oh they are but all of the
animals oh it's a Brady Bunch chocolate
sundae right you guys right muffins yeah
right uh-huh
so we're all in here because they're
filming some reshoots outside for the
Halloween video basically we just needed
a couple shots at the pool and the door
and blah blah blah so the dogs were
interrupting everything charlie was
getting it away Charlie wants to be a
movie star look at that
he just fucking Jack's muffins muffins
where'd you go that was rude you learned
from your daddy yeah you do I'm not
gonna like that don't try to get me to
do that
Oh whew what's going on here snoop found
a little lover Wow three-way oh so cute
creepy kind of sexual the cute see yeah
they're out there filming right now so
did you guys like the trailer I put that
up yesterday are you excited are you
excited are you excited Charlie's like
mmm Charlie's pissed cuz he's not in it
so um we're filming back shall Halloween
video I had all the dogs and cats taken
to like a doggy hotel or cat hotel where
they all probably snorted some blow fuck
each other right right charlie don't act
like you didn't he's acting all coy so
they're not in the video which is kind
of sad oh now he looks over nope
kind of sad but uh it's okay because
they're gonna be in my iPhone videos all
right chocolate look kind of like how
much of a hoard they are like look at
chocolate just every second he wants to
be out of a mock camera which by the way
you know chocolate has that trick where
you motorboats so we had a we had the
dogs here for like the first day of
filming and one of the girls that was
working here she's like she's like yeah
I love your dogs but a little black one
like he's always wanting to give in my
tits I'm like I don't know where you
learned that it from definitely wasn't
my mom she definitely didn't teach him
Hetrick and then she's like in Charlie
always wants to get in my butt
China and I'm like well definitely
didn't learn that from my mom either
your god I hope not
so what are you guys doing what's your
uh what's your plans for Halloween try
to figure out what I want to do because
I'm not really a party person and
there's a couple parties going on and I
don't know like I just don't drink or
anything so I'm kind of like I'm gonna
be boring so I might just stay at home
and watch the Fred movie with Charlie
Charlie like Fred right hey hey hey it's
Fred what if I'm doing the Fred movie
like people may do reaction videos and
that's what they look like like Fred
says a joke and then it cuts to that
it's like what no I think fred is funny
um so yeah I'm gonna go you guys sorry
this was kind of a lame chocolate sundae
but hey you got all the animals oh you'd
give him a kiss no oh he doesn't kiss on
the first date
come on you know them more than that
Charlie give him a kiss yeah there you
go
aren't you guys I'm gonna go see you
later ah where'd you go muffins
you're supposed to good bye chocolate
somebody somebody say goodbye there you
go say goodbye chocolate it's red so you
don't cock their head it's like a
Sheneneh thing like what oh my god I
should do a video where chocolate is
Sheneneh Oh what you guys want to see
that oh that sounds so good it's gonna
happen all right I'm gonna go
