is it on Wow hey let's other guys break
in here oh my God look at my dog's eyes
he looks like a demon scary
oh my men it's cute oh hey what's up you
guys so we just saw paranormal activity
3 which uh whatever I mean it's kind of
scary Kelly would you think okay Bri
obviously was terrified ii ahsha's when
I looked at I scared the my
favorite part was the guy farting behind
me and the next thing girl next to me
getting fingered during the movie all I
heard was Mike who is eating top coat
okay so the one thing I learned from the
movie is bloody mary is scary so I
thought why don't we play it no come on
let's do it there's a bathroom either
we'll do it down here because I don't
want to do it upstairs okay but no
there's still time
there's no editing on this word right
there all right should I leave the
camera an alternate alternate okay
here's the thing though like I'm
Christian so now Jesus is here with me
anyways you're Jewish darling your mom
she they should everywhere turn the
lights off ready no yes you know ready 1
2 3 K no Bloody Mary Bloody Mary Bloody
Mary
anything is anything you didn't even say
three times yeah we didn't let's try it
again
No Bloody Mary Bloody Mary Bloody Mary
guys anything any go singing this is a
bad idea because I already saw my
grandma so I'm kind of afraid that I'm
going to see her again
listening it goes have you ever played
letting Mary Lynn comment what's your
favorite Halloween game
Bloody Mary but not right now after
seeing that what's your favorite
Halloween game
yeah great being married raising kids
molesting kids was another one we did
the feather one fingering what are you
doing great now it's home plate as a
feather instead of lifting them up you
see have you provided this feather and
like is like that one really fat person
but it's like Oh your fingers get stuck
in there waltz with me bad jobs memories
all right you guys I'm gonna go see you
later here's a toilet
