hey what's up you guys so it is our
final second of filming this Halloween
video it's been five days which is ain't
creepy insane and it's been like 24
hours a day right now she's speechless
eating her cereal she's excited cuz she
came up with one line in the video oh my
god you're Special K oh my god so let me
just show you what my house has been
through I try not to give away stuff
spoilers these blankets are down for a
reason there's a lots of blood
maybe there is lice pictures on the
walls amazing and let me just show you
the damage that we have created look at
this looks like a meth house I love it
so first in the kitchen I don't to give
anything away but it looks like a crack
in let me show you happen in my bedroom
take your dad coming upstairs okay
this you guys is real hey I'm so easy I
love her okay she's a makeup girl she's
awesome
this is for real you guys punched a
fucking whore hole horror
woo but it's the whore now punched a
hole in my wall and it's legit biggest
glory hole ever right this is my bedroom
I love the picture it's a fucking
disaster like we wrecked this house you
guys there's broken shit everywhere we
went hard and it was awesome there was
like all these people help me everybody
was excited and we all like put our
brains together and we came up with this
like vision of the video and I hope it
turns out right I mean it's gonna be
really scary and really funny and really
crazy and lots of insane shit so it's
gonna be up on a Saturday the 30th I
think or 29th or something and I'll give
you guys more details on that what I
just wanted to say we're done we're
ready I don't know what I went to her I
guess we're done look at my bunny don't
she look at the bunny has a little juice
ticket or well that's another thing so I
put a bunch of fan I
in this video like the bunny that
somebody since my p.o box
I have Bree wearing the Titanic shirt
that somebody said like there's all
these little there's a cupcake somebody
sent out the whole video like I try to
add little little thing the condoms
people say don't get me started
y'all be sending me condoms y'all is 12
years old his nasty oh oh no you're not
getting out of this this is my favorite
new person in the world she's Jewish
it's okay we have this thing this week
where every day she started like
tweeting she thinks she's cool cuz you
know she thinks he's funny and so I told
her every day her goal is to have a new
hashtag Jew problems so what's your hey
is it juju face what dude you problem
for the day my do problem of the day
oh um oh my god hurry hurry hurry sheep
my blinds kept falling apart in the
video and she's like what is wrong with
these blinds and I said hey your tweet
for the day should be jus what's your
name okay so her hashtag G problems was
sometimes blinds this window blinds are
too cheap hashtag yes so she's the one
that writes out all my checks this is my
checkbook you guys and I have gone
through way too much money on this
fucking videos you better watch it so
he's gonna be coming out pretty soon I'm
gonna go because I gotta sign some
checks and I will see you guys soon bye
bye
