it's beginning to look a lot like oh hey
what's up you guys
oh wait I'm over here hey hey what's up
you guys um so we were getting ready for
the Halloween video is I don't even know
3:00 in the morning or something right
now and we've been decorating everybody
say hi hi Justine pretty sure Jer just
party okay so um so yes so we are
decorating I mean come on
like I'm not a Halloween person and I'm
not really into decorating but look at
this I did the banner I mean come on
right right and right now we're on our
way to Kinkos to pick up the best
decoration slash video prop I've ever
made in my entire life are you ready I'm
ready I'm so ready all right you guys we
are at the secret location
dunder dawn Kinkos or FedEx or something
I don't know I don't think I'm allowed
to film here I'm gonna hide it you're
not filming I swear
here it is you guys 365 cats okay I'm
like it's 365 days of shoes all right
you guys are you ready to see this shit
so remember the character I'm playing
Amy as you guys know your favorite bitch
this is her house this is her artwork
all over her walls oh my god oh it's so
horrible thoughts so beautiful
wait you have to show my favorite one
she also loves animals she respects you
know she respects animals especially
some sort of animal that's on some kind
of Mexicans blanket this is gonna be the
stupidest video ever and it's gonna be
awesome
