oh my god squirrels do you see them
right there Riley sees them might get
the squirrel
I love how Miley's like yeah I can get
them you know I'm like morbidly obese
Corgi I could totally run up this pole
I've spider for you it's so sad
hey what's up guys in his chocolate
sundae and I know it's been a while I
was out of town and I was touching
myself and there were so many other
things that was happening but now I'm
back and I wanted to spend today with
Miley because I feel like I don't know I
feel like she feels lonely you know like
I don't really talk to her anymore
I don't really play ball with her I
always call her fat I mean for obvious
reasons I mean okay so when I play Paris
Hilton I have to carry Miley like
Tinkerbell and literally it's gotten to
the point where like my left bicep is so
much bigger than my right because it's
just like I'm carrying this sack of
potatoes but I love her and then I feel
like she can hear it like when I'm like
Miley you're giving to fat she looks at
me like and then like she doesn't she
just walks away cries I don't think dogs
cry but you know it looks like she's
correct so today I just want to have a
little Miley appreciation day so leave a
comment what's your what how much do you
love Miley coz she's gonna totally read
those you know cuz dog's read Miley come
back Miley I love you no no I'm not
calling you fat anymore oh my god see
it's like the silent treatment she just
she runs away from me okay Miley Miley I
love you I'm sorry for calling you fat
you're the best dog in the world you
know Miley not to get sentimental but
Miley is actually my first dog after my
dad left because when my dad left
we couldn't have dogs anymore because we
were living in like apartment buildings
and stuff because we had our house taken
away so ever since I was like eight I
haven't been able to have pets and then
moved into this apartment
three or 43 years ago two years ago and
uh I finally could get a dog so I got a
puppy named it Miley and it's been with
me ever since I love you so much Miley
what was your guys's first pet is it a
dog or a cat or a bird was it a little
fat dog I mean I mean it's skinny
beautiful dog I swear to god you guys
she can hear me
okay Miley say goodbye to everybody say
goodbye all right you guys I'm gonna go
have a good week did you like my new
video on my main channel I worked really
really hard on it and I hope you guys
like it and I hope you guys like the new
character Rover Lupe for Lupe she has a
purple wig
and she's from you know Brooklyn I don't
know where she's talking I gotta figure
that out she's Mexican out
she's a turtle yeah have a good week
guys
Oh Miley don't oh don't eat it oh that's
love
