cuz in New York something something
something something Alicia Keys hey what
are you guys we are here hey what's up
hey hey hey uh we're in New York and
guess where we're going today
motherfucker cake ball cake Mouse if you
haven't seen my favorite show in the
whole world I'm not getting paid by them
by the way is Cake Boss and I'm going to
the bakery in Hoboken New Jersey
and I'm gonna eat some motherfucking hay
right Kiki Scooby YUM
it's gonna be no I'm not oh I hate those
words but you know what it's worth it's
gonna be numb pastry fool all right this
is my first time in a cab
smells just like I thought it would wow
there's like a Oh God
come guard alright everybody says people
in New Yorker rude
so I'm about to test that out I know
over here
oh look even Elmo's rude I used to love
you man
fucking asshole alright so guys guess
where we are right now are you ready
Cake Boss I bet that hard Jack I mean I
see sure I just terrified all these
people behind me but I don't care I can
smell it buddy he looks terrified and I
don't care cuz I'm front of Cake Boss
I've waited for like two hours you can't
see the line but it starts way back
there and my heart it's been a pattern
because she knows you know right right
Cake Boss Big Boss she's terrified it's
okay hi we're here Cake Boss
no you oh my god this is us you guys
okay
oh my god I feel like I just died and I
walk today oh my God look at all the
weird pictures on the wall of anorexic
old women and and Brides look at all the
random merchandise I want all of it all
of it oh my god I have entered Paris
Hilton's bedroom and I'm gonna vomit all
this back up which one do you want she's
getting good I want all of it
aren't you guys here it is yeah a family
portrait that I should be in seven I
fish I have her hair cut all right we
just got out we got a whole bag of our
drugs yeah we have no idea with dick as
we told the lady we're like just put in
whatever you want so there's probably
lots of craziness I'm gonna get to the
crazy diarrhea tonight and I'm excited
yeah I'm constipated so Oh buddy diary
whoa hey what's up you guys um yes I
know I look a little different than I
did two seconds ago but it's the next
day my camera ran out of battery
yesterday right after we left the bakery
so this is me just waking up
yikes okay so I was gonna show you all
like the baked goods we got so here they
are tada
yeah we kind of fucked it up I mean we
had like 12 different things in there
but you know we were like oh let's taste
this one no let's taste this one
cholestasis one two hours later we were
all like vomiting in the bathroom like
Paris Hilton but it was really good like
I know it sounds stupid but like I don't
get excited about very many like like
celebrities or anything like that like
I'm not really into that but seeing that
bakery and like going in there because I
watched I've seen every single episode
of that show
so like walking in there like I freaked
the fuck out like I had like a full-on
panic attack like I don't know it was
just really cool so um I'm such a nerd I
don't do you guys like any show like
that like is there any TV show or if you
went to the set you were just like freak
out
for me it was cake box or maybe also um
what else do i watch it's really sad
that that's all I watch I saw the
friends set friends is like one of my
favorite shows of all time
on the friends couch actually I didn't
they didn't let me I was too fat they
let my mom sit on the friends couch
this was like five years ago I took a
picture of her um but yeah that's about
it
I love you guys I'm going to go home to
LA today and make some videos for you
guys so I will see you soon and hope you
guys have a good rest of your day
