we can do like a apartment tour oh
absolutely it's gonna be really really
good it's gonna I'm doing I want a drone
bitch I want okay with machine do you
want to work I would hit this right no
it's about scrap produce mentioned on
obvious me here like what we can end up
afterwards
Bon Appetit baby I say we're focused but
I don't know sure
great hi guys welcome back to my channel
Oh probably shit all over this couch
movie uno is sitting right here
Cecily dude remember when you saw that
little drop of shit on the couch me it
said Bluto bad boy but it was me
great sometimes I take off my pants and
I pick my blood on the couch you me are
you oh god what is God this is a shot
for me Shane in case you didn't know
it'll put his hand and he'll just touch
his bum and smell it and I just don't
understand why I get into it it's right
but why do you do that just drink it's
currently Cinco DeMayo we waited fucking
an hour to eat an El Torito wait that's
- shut up alarm it's going off wait our
post miss here his name is Nelson - oh
my god frozen yogurt chewy has Nelson
come in
yeah here what should take a shower
quick ok ha bonus game burger
wait where's Nelson Nelson spring has
frozen yogurt should we haven't come in
and now that would be weird
into her boyfriend day yeah what is
that's how I need our purple oh fuck
he's lost you gotta talk just say baby
baby Bon Appetit hey I'm just looking at
the map I know the the GPS tells you
that you've arrived right there but for
some reason we just stopped now how that
when Nelson comes through why are you
wearing all black because I woke up at
5:50 this morning and I was too tired to
get dressed or just be honest and tell
me drink ass I'm not depressed yes
you're unhappy why me with me yes baby
nothing here now kid oh my god I'm
scared I'm nervous
guys welcome back to my channel hi today
won't you be doing something I never
ever thought I'd be doing and I'm going
to keep it real I never wanted to do a
boyfriend tag in the beginning of
relationships because I don't know if
they're gonna laugh what do you mean how
am I supposed to know yeah I mean that's
good point I mean I want kids but the
question is how are we going to ask them
what is the solution we're gay bitch up
birth mom body okay well I can't get
framing more to you I can fill you up
and make you a woman beard I can show
you what up to but we got to know like
are we going to dot are we going to
impregnate my sister what first of all
what I mean you know what I mean not
forget couples do like if she buys ok
stop iRacing me you're in a gay
relationship at the moment so I'm just
going to at the mall my bitch now para
la where my phone go fuck you ok let me
do something if Shane and I ever want to
have a child that is both of ours
then it needs to be shamed sperm in my
sister's a question but I think we
should just fuck my mom she would call
her no right cuz she has a colonoscopy
perfect bet she's empty and ready let's
answer some question guys I was a twist
oh by the way yes
I never thought I'd do a boyfriend
Tigers I never thought that I'd have a
boyfriend that I would not break up but
you know what listen we got drunk I was
like we should do a drum boyfriend - and
he was like alright fine because that's
kind of how this whole thing work
so we came back home I set up this
camera drunk Lee I don't even know where
we are bitch puts down the count but
we're going to do it Reggie's going to
be let's go
first question how
any times you guys fuck in a day one
well it depends if it's a workday one if
we're on vacation two to three but also
just keeping it super real we fuck but
then later I jerk off well that's a good
okay I have a job where I have to wake
up very early in the morning Shane
doesn't go to bed till anywhere from 1
to 4 a.m. so we have sex I go to bed at
9:30 p.m. and then he goes downstairs
watches porn jackpot because ii come is
better so you sing you have a better
come without me kind of I was telling
him tonight at dinner no no no I was
saying if I was a different person I
would classify porn as cheating
I don't why no relax because you're
getting off to another naked person that
isn't the first new rule that's not true
I'm not looking at their faces I'm
looking at their whole I don't know I
want to know for me like you people do
you think porn is cheating or you find
the corn next next question says anal
question mark I mean that's all we can
do ok good at least we have dogs happy
but mouths Lizzie if there's a feedback
tomorrow
wait we can't see that you're in the
shadows I know rooms are comfy well
bitch you need to do you not want to be
in this uh anal they're not fun to be in
it - what about anal they are just
saying anal questions yeah we do anal oh
my god share license please listen I'd
rather be doing needle next question
what celebrity couples you guys think
you're most like I say Jessica Simpson
and Nick Lachey just before they broke
up that means we're in the fighting
phase yeah what we don't fight that much
oh don't do this I am gay I asked
question the way friend hey I know
you're not a fan but I want to answer a
question what's the thing we like least
about each other I are you how what you
like least about me
no I just well I could I have this
specific thing that you absolutely hate
one of my favorite things to do I love
to nibble on chains here and he get so
mad and IJ's that he lets me do it I
could just bust thinking about it thank
you I like this no so funky what we do
it no matter what mean it it's because
of my childhood
what I don't know oh we have to your
turn oh no I don't want to hear this
you're spilling everything about me oh I
would just say when you get bad at me
for not a good reason or for a reason
that I don't think is justified why
don't you go to big hunt anymore they
don't stop listen no shade to the green
brother it's keep it green I hate I
fucking hate it is this a bunch of
youtubers getting drunk oh my god me at
VidCon right now it's a bit youtubers
getting drunk it snapchatting me like
I'm wishing they're like bitch shut up
and then it's like a bunch of kids who
don't really care about me they like
really want to meet like other youtubers
Koshi
lumpfish they let their life I'm here to
see lives of money but I'll take a
picture with you Queen and they like 50
and I mean I read the part of book tour
is $10 out oh you literally looked at my
ear oh yeah babe who made the first move
you know you did know you know know you
message me on bumble and said hey writer
talking about that and I said oh well
yeah I made out with you so yeah
Bon Appetit babies what do you love most
about each other well I was changed
eyelashes really I really do you know
that I do I always said island jokes he
has eyelash extension I've never seen a
boy with better eyelashes than Shane and
he has a great facial structure like you
got
sean-o and great piece dr. Han jealous
devel keep calling what else that's all
what do you like about me ah ah why why
are you thinking so hard I just spat it
out like five reasons I think you're
attractive and you don't have anything
I'm really drunk physically I love your
5 yeah yeah I love your face why do you
saying that's not a thing because that's
a large part of my body that's not like
I specific you're just saying your face
is great I love your face in your nose
you're smiling I want to tell you that
something needed me this is not going to
turn around like good next question
first impressions well the first time I
met Shane he came and picked me up at my
apartment and as soon as he I think you
opened my door for me because you're
standing outside of your car yeah so he
opened the door for me and then as soon
as I got in he had a present for me and
it was my Hilary Duff mug that said good
morning Rylan with a photo of Hilary
Duff and honestly when we were talking
before we ever met you were so funny I
would cry at my desk at work because I
was laughing so hard people would look
over and be like why the fuck are you
laughing so hard and I just do it
ello ello ello ello shade elbow shame
golf in snapchat who said I love you
first
shame boo-boo here's how it went down
yeah tell us he said we're laying about
it he does do you think he'll ever love
me no but this is after you tried to
tell me you love me multiple times
that's the slow blink Beach and then I
was like yeah and the us
that no you hinted multiple times before
that but I was the one that did
initially say I love you first after he
had already confirmed to me that he
loved me
yeah but you know I mean we had a lot
each other before we said it yeah but
this is my first real relationship so I
needed to use it I think you know that
why are you yelling at me because you're
saying right there customer yelling at
me I'm so drunk
who's drunker right now yes who's the
girl in the relationship shame
please I know the girl are you kidding
me I have to plan everything single
Clinton you take forever to get ready I
always Drive you're the girl what was
your first kiss like well Shane where
did you take no we went to the Grove for
our first day which was probably a bad
idea because so many people recognize
you hobo and then we went to cheesecake
back to Reed with the wait was too long
they asked what the first kiss was oh
well it was that night I was getting to
it so then we were on Shane's couch way
past my bedtime and how did it happen
we were talking about stuff and we were
laying down and then I made a joke
because I'm Lal hilarious and you kissed
me and cut off my joke and I was like
kind of mad about it because I was like
that was the punchline but then I let it
happen and then we dry hot so you made
the move yeah we've already established
that I just want people to remember
what's both of your favorite positions
in bed well it's very graphic my mom
watches these videos I can't do this
I'll shoot one more
who's clingy depends on the day are you
kidding me the time in which I bring it
is when I'm going to bed because I want
you to go to sleep with me because
that's the whole point of being in a
relationship and sleeping with them I'm
not all player fingers yeah sleeping
next to somebody yeah I like to cut off
you know when you come to bed at 3:00
a.m. five hours after
I put my whole body and wrap my legs
around you yeah and yeah what was the
question
look when we're cruising or playing oh
you know yeah you literally arrest
around me right now I'm swimming I'm
working because I get listen I get it
I'm the shit and you're apply then maybe
my hands
alright guys name more iconic duo very
hot like 85
there are you like Julia Daniel Trisha
Sean anybody else where you guys go now
sorry drunk tag boyfriend tag I don't
know how do you feel just great
this was your idea oh no no I can't go
is mine ha ha ha I don't know I had fun
yo pun yeah this is great
no I'm serious I thought why are you
hugging me because fucking dark ha come
in with me oh my god you all go
oh no get so jealous all the time I kiss
Shane guru just on us and starts
attacking if you can't hate you're not
having you did you guys I don't know ok
give a thumbs up make surely some kind
of comment I don't know and also I'll
see you guys later bye
whoa
