so are you ready for me to cookie the
best meal you've ever had you bet what
are you make it ooh smells like salmon
and a little bit of Parmesan cheese and
woo
is that sauerkraut I smell I haven't
started cooking yet oh but that all
sounds so good if I don't say my head
and scream I forgot my lines hey oh oh
if I don't scream it would slam my head
into the wall every fuck for the TV
bitch
hey guys um so I just walked in my house
and I think I see a ghost of a crazy
greasy church dancer Wow oh she's really
giving it to Jesus you guys what move is
that hey guys this is Chris and you guys
know Kristen she's only role she's
always playing a crazy character so you
probably don't recognize her you know
I'm always something
who are you listen the blind hairstylist
what was your blind hairstylist scream
that's like their mating call there's my
mom over there and she's like that's how
I do it look at this dump your Chuck
looks like I want so oh you guys what I
do for you what would I put myself in
