hey listen guys welcome to the Red Room
so this is my new office
it's actually the garage that we painted
and put floor in and we created an
office you can kind of see how it looks
I picked red because I'm creepy and the
drapes look purple but they're red but
they look purple on here so I'm gay no
I'm not well you guys probably think I
am but it's cool
whatevs we're fine let's take some
ecstasy to talk about it so before I
show you this stupid video of a little
kid dancing and my friend Steve battling
him why does a stupid the best video
ever um I wanted to tell you guys if you
want to meet me I'm gonna be at the
Laemmle theater tomorrow Friday for the
7:10 showing of Archie's final project
and I'm gonna give every single one of
you that wants one a big hug so
I'll put a link in the description you
can get a ticket
I don't probably ten bucks or something
and if you're in the LA area tomorrow I
will see you there
so here's the video I love you guys and
keep it gangsta I'm never gonna do that
again
okay whatever guys I'm having a gay
pedophile heart attack right now I'm at
Burbank and there's a little boy and
he's dancing
baby oh look at him
damn oh come on I got it put some money
in there
it's like he's a robot I'm going to give
a wave but give it thumb up thumbs up
give me your best show me your best what
do you got what you got
get it yes he does ever come on come on
oh oh this get like a Tyler Perry movie
oh whoa take it come on show him some oh
oh my god reincarnated oh all right all
right he wins he wins oh okay I don't
even know what's happening right now can
you do a backflip oh wait what's
happening right now
Hey oh dude what he's spelling things
with his legs Wow bow down bow down I
love children
