ooh hey what's up guys so today's videos
about ghosts and okay so I'm laughing
now wasn't laughing the other night I
was actually crying and shaking in fear
so let me explain what happened so I
went to bed and I was totally fine I
wasn't thinking about anything I wasn't
like stressed I don't know I just went
to bed and then my cat in the middle of
the night started meowing and freaking
out I woke up the cat ran to my door and
was like let me the fuck out I'm like
all right maybe that's tikka shit
so I open the door let the cat out go
back to bed lay back down look here I'll
give you my point of view so I'm like uh
lay down then I look over to the side
and bam right there was a woman standing
there looking at me like this doing that
I froze because I was like holy shit
it's a fucking old woman burglar and
she's gonna write me with her cane and
then take my computer and leave that'd
be weird if that happened anyways so so
I froze I was like a holy fucking shit
and then I was like ok 1 2 3 and I ran
out of my room and I ran to Jared I'm
like Jared there's somebody in my closet
and then yeah insert joke there and he
you the somebody my closet so then he
ran back over here there's nobody here
so then we sat down and I was like
freaking out and I'm like Jared I saw
somebody I was not dreaming I was not
asleep I saw somebody in my closet and
he looks up and he's like ok I know this
sounds crazy but do you think any points
and right here
my grandma's robe that I have for some
reason was hanging there and he's like
do you think it was grandma in front of
her robe and I was like and like my
whole body froze and I got like goose
pimple goose what are the goose bumps
goose pimples I got goose pimples all
over my back and I was so freaked out
that as you're crying and shaking and
freaking out and I ran out of my room
and I'm like holy fucking shit this is
this is way beyond scary grandma girl
what the hell you doing girl I love you
but get the fuck out my closet it was
terrifying so then my mom came in and my
mom was like I was like mom I think I
saw it she's like grandma
but I'm like yeah how'd you know and
she's like well you know I've been
feeling it lately I know grandma's
around you know all this stuff and then
Jarrod's like yeah I kind of heard her
voice too I don't know what's going on
but my grandma is like in my house not
haunting it because I love my grandma
but you know girls here when she should
be in heaven right grandma gay girl and
then my aunt texted me and she's like
did you see grandma because we've been
seeing grandma too and I'm like what so
here's my question to you well first of
all let me just explain I was never one
of those people that ever watched like
ghost-hunting shows I never really
thought ghosts I mean I know ghosts are
real but like I never really got into it
I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't
see it like I saw her BAM right there
like in front of me BAM
it was fucking terrifying so any of you
guys ever seen a ghost or have you ever
had a friend who saw ghosts or do you
even believe in ghosts and can't leave
me a comment or video response tell me
your story because dude like I've never
been so scared in my life and I know it
sounds weird cuz she's my grandma and I
love her you know I shouldn't be afraid
but no matter how much you love somebody
if they're dead and you see them you're
going to be fucking scared you're
probably going to shit your pants then I
started thinking like wow she's standing
next to my bed what else has she seen I
don't know grandma girl you scare me
would that be scary if I groped while I
was doing this video she popped up
behind me and she's like ooh I'm gonna
go I love you guys
