hey what's up you guys so for this
chocolate sundae it's gonna be something
a little bit different something that
Peeta might not like us for right mom
okay she's so giddy right now okay so
she's hot chocolate a new trick all
right what's supposed to happen is my
mom is a motorboat supposed to moan
about my mom I don't know how this
started or why my mom found this out I
don't really want to know enjoying it
well there you guys go there was my dog
motorboating my mom happy Sunday what
can you do Miley still nothing
okay mom make him stop you're wanting it
Charlie motorboat obviously I'm not
desirable and have to be motivated well
you guys go nobody asks for that last
week but that's what you're getting
so anyone next week leave a comment my
mom's single by the way geez geez mom
light up a cig
