hello they're taking over the world
Caesar Caesar and Lindsay Lohan the new
hair hey what's up guys we just stopped
playing of the Apes and how'd you like
it
how'd you like it he's liked us so much
he's masturbating poop at my camera so
quick introductions
you already know brie but not the new
brie with red hair
Brett brie red yeah Little Mermaid and
who's this guy
Ceaser monkey Gabriel Gabriel you guys
know him last week I put up the trailer
for his for his movie ok so quick we
want to make this video before we go
home and have an orgy
No well yeah you're down the red hair
made you horny so ok his movie arches
final project which i talked about
before there is a thing going on it's
not a contest but it kind of is so
basically the movie will play explain it
in human terms the film is on eventful
right now and it needs to be demanded
for cities
so we're on event already know and we
have to get to 500 plus demands in order
to go to that city so they're trying to
confine top cities and if 500 people
demand it from each city we're gonna
give you a present so I thought what
would be a fun present that I that maybe
I could do for you guys that you'd enjoy
and I thought well you guys really
enjoyed my gay kiss there is no timing
that kiss so he came up with the idea
for yeah there was a mutual idea that we
would do the most romantic tongue kiss
you ever fucking see as monkeys monkey
kiss that means naked and hairy why can
we get a little
yeah you have to give us a little
trailer okay I don't know what's
happening right now no it has to be
romantic no is that weird
I don't know and Bree what are you gonna
do well you know it will mean that up
you just grabbed her yeah okay leave a
comment what do you think Bree should do
if we hit the 500 500 people per City
anything you guys want she'll do it
so she'll eat Poonani for you we'll have
a link to xtube in the crotch all right
you guys I love you
please demand the movie I'm not getting
paid for this once again I already told
you guys that hi mom I just really love
the movie and I love this guy fucking
asshole
do a dance for everybody I don't know if
he dances nope Oh
Okubo key oh my god okay I took you to
leave beggars
