excuse me there will be no writing in my
best
no human caterpillars or doggy
caterpillars Oh charlie okay you guys
can caterpillar
let's help Britney's wearing underwear
I'm trying to get that Britney Spears
angle get out all right you know you're
fine hey how you seize that middle
school for a different reason
yeah are you going somewhere dirty and
I'm not getting it yeah okay Britney is
covered in bitches it's like oh hey
what's up guys I'm here with Brittany
hey Joey
Wow sunglasses inside yeah
getting your undies yeah so we're
filming a video what's your video it's
gonna be about aliens alien and we were
trying to figure out what you call it
because it's about beaming people and
animals up so I said it should be called
floating bitches because the dog is
flying and it's just like dog something
like the dog inator it's like the
transporter II like the dot I think it's
to be called flying pussy oh wow
they're gonna be a porn star chocolate
YUM his movies gonna be called chocolate
nom nom that's my kid and I'm like good
job chocolate you
yes so I'm doing with chocolate
chocolate you did it you're done good
job you did so good you were better than
any other dog in the world
where's your check in the mail hey
what's up you guys so chocolate is done
filming
good job chocolate you get nothing and
Brittany just left and yeah I just
wanted to catch up with you guys say hi
say how see how you doing show you my
pimples I'm uh I've been filming that
movie with totally sketch and they put a
lot of makeup on me and makeup gives me
bad reactions so I'm kind of like broken
out so I've been staying in my house
avoiding the public so I want to talk to
you guys about something and I don't
really know how to bring it up because I
don't want to like be a downer or
anything but there's this movie that I
really want you guys to see and support
I'm not getting paid by them they're not
asking me to do this that's a buck
I obviously smell like shit there you go
okay nobody's paying me to talk about
this I just really I saw the movie and I
was like I need to tell everybody
especially you guys cuz you guys are
teenagers about it it's called Archie's
final project it's about a guy who a
teenager who is deciding he's gonna kill
himself and he's gonna videotape it and
it sounds really depressing but it's
really funny and it's really interesting
and it is kind of depressing at moments
but it's one of those movies where I saw
it and it totally like changed my life
it changed the way I think about things
that change the way I feel about death
and life and and yeah and I know a lot
of you guys out there are struggling
with suicidal thoughts and you're
hurting yourself and this is one of
those movies where it makes you feel
like you're not alone and it gives you
advice on how to fix it how to get
better so um so yeah I will put the
Facebook down there go like the page if
you want to know more about it also
there's a website called eventful which
I have one of those too it's basically
where you click demand it and you ask
them to come to your city if you demand
it for LA
hopefully I will be at the screening and
that'll be fun
so I'm gonna meet you guys um is that it
I think that's it so yeah I hope you
guys go check it out watch the trailer
I'll put it somewhere and it's gonna
help a lot of you guys and that's that's
what I want so once again I'm not a
sellout I'm not getting paid I don't
even think they have the money to pay me
it's it's a very cheap movie just like
my videos we're all cheap all right I
love you guys
I will talk to you later chocolate
where'd you go say goodbye oh there he
is
say goodbye say goodbye he just wants to
go take a shit just like his daddy
my name is Archie Archibald Holden
Buster Williams I was a TV feedeth I had
a camera on me before I was even born I
guess he could say I grew up with
everything that a kid could possibly
want under my parents roof I was
programmed to behave the American Dream
just what the system wants for you and
me
I'm gonna be honest with you I hate this
place this prison this reality that I
need to know what you guys are doing for
your film projects for my project I'm
gonna kill myself on camera you're a
good student in this class Archie
Williams freaked out that was the first
time I noticed you so he finally noticed
me I think everybody did Sierra so
Sierra Sierra silver it's all beauty is
truth with this lifeless hollow I think
you're beautiful
even if you did evident I was job to
things I've learned living on this
planet and at 17 years old supposedly
the prime of my youth I've realized that
I can't trust one damn person
think of me as a friend it's a broom and
the other thing I found I am not the
only one
hey consumes me death is pretty awesome
he said you're gonna kill yourself do
you have a plan you want to see the
storyboards did I trust you yeah I want
what you want to end it all on camera
with you what do you have to do with
this upside down this is your you should
always feel this way
are these serious thoughts or just a
movie it's a serious movie
