boom I destroyed it
hey what's up you guys so as you know I
have a splendid addiction I'm not
telling you to eat Splenda it's really
bad for you I'm not getting paid by them
I will die of cancer from them
I'm here with I know it's sad actually
why don't you tell everybody who you are
even though they already know my name is
great and and I'm about to try Splenda
for the first time for the first time
he's like a health freak right so this
is like a big deal cuz like he would
never do this unless it was I'm doing it
for me he likes it honest don't don't go
my god don't give me the whole like oh
it's so chemically yeah it's good
right right it's like a pixie stick no
no it's good it's burning right now the
waitress to drive so we're here with the
waitress what's your name Jane and I
have a challenge you know how I'm
obsessed with Splenda yeah obviously
he's never tried it he just tried it and
he said it was horrible and it was
chemically in advance would you if I
dared you eat a Patras Linda yes
and be honest tell me how it is I hope
she fucking loves it I hope she snorts
it how is it it's good right the pixie
stick right like you could eat all of
those Oh
