guys oh my god I just did a podcast with
James jar
hello I look so ugly haha oh my god my
name yeah it made me so ugly it was so
far we talked about so much stuff we
talked about dicks we talked about Wayne
oh we didn't because you're 17 we did
not talk about dick no no not yet you
guys go check on the partners don't blow
time because my god so I say hey would
it be guiity yes welcome back to another
creepy video now I'm just warning you in
today's video we'll be talking about
some very intense stuff some of which
includes self-harm and teen suicide now
I'm sure by now you've heard the blue
whale game or blue whale challenge and
if you haven't been lucky basically it's
one of the scariest internet challenges
ever and it is very real but we're going
to get to that later first we're gonna
be talking about the choking game now
this game has been around since the mid
90s and it's making a comeback some
people call it a passed-out challenge
some people call it the knockout
challenge or the way I remember it
choking basically it lets somebody choke
you to a point where the oxygen isn't
getting to your brain and then you pass
out but you can assure the buzz right
before you you black out and you wake up
and you feel a little bit tingly but for
a lot of people they feel too hard or it
lasts too long and they die all of a
sudden you just start drifting off and
then you can feel your body start to
shake and you get like confused and when
you wake up you have no clue where you
are as a nurse I know what could have
happened she could have had a stroke she
could have a seizure she could have
actually died now since his game started
in the 90s hundreds of kids have died
and not just died I've got brain damage
has been paralysed it's one of the most
dangerous games of all time and it is
very scary that it's making outcome I
remember when I was a kid my brother and
their friends would do in the living
room and I would watch and I would see
them choking my brother his head turning
purple and then it just rolling his eyes
in the back of his head and passing out
on the ground and every time they did
that I felt they died I love the way my
brothers survived but a lot of people do
okay this next challenge we're going to
talk about it's called
Tamina
Tonino tell is a creepy Japanese poem
and if you read it out loud you'll get
instant misfortune
now the misfortune can be anything it
can be physical mental emotional
basically they say read out loud of
something bad will here's what one
reader said about his experience I read
this five minutes ago and nothing
happened so I thought this was another
stupid hoax but I just started crying
uncontrollably for no reason I'm
overcome with set another person said
that their left arm went numb
right after they read this poem out loud
and they thought they were having a
heart attack so here's how it goes if
you hear the poem or fine if you read it
on paper you're fine but if you say it
out loud that's when shit goes wrong
so obviously I'm not going to fucking
read it so I'm going to show the poem to
you and here's a clip of somebody else
reading his older sister romantic blonde
his younger sister vomited fire and the
cute to me no romantic glass beans
tamina
fell into hell alone power is wrapped in
darkness when even the farmers don't
bloom without me gives me the creeps
now that obviously was only a small part
of the poem I'm going to flash the poem
up on the screen and you can freeze it
and screenshot it if you want and read
it out loud
good luck okay now this next game we're
going to talk about is a Japanese game
and it is terrifying now I don't want to
butcher the name of this challenge so
I'm just going to put it right here but
basically it's the hide-and-seek
knowledge now this is an ancient
Japanese game and it calls for a
powerful ritual which involves you
inviting a demon into your life now the
scariest part you invite the demon to go
into a doll now the idea of dolls being
possessed is one of the scariest things
in the world to me now they've made
countless movies about and there's
nothing scarier than thinking about an
inanimate object in your room moving
around while you're sleeping now here's
what you need if you want to do this
ritual you need a doll that has limbs
you need a piece of your own body a
fingernail or even some of your hair you
need a sharp knife for a shelf object
you need red thread you need salt you
need a bathtub and you need a sanctuary
basically somewhere you can go and hide
that's surrounded by spiritual
protection so basically how it works is
you take the doll you cut it open with a
knife and then you put a piece of your
own body inside then you also add some
rice and you sew it back up with the red
thread then you place the doll into a
bathtub and you walk into another room
without looking back then once it's
possessed you have to stab it with a
knife you claim that you found him and
then you have to run and hide in your
sanctuary now this game is recommended
to play at 3 a.m. as you guys know 3
a.m. is our where lots of spirits like
to come play and if you're playing this
game do not turn on the lights do not
fall asleep and whatever you do do not
leave your house while the ritual is
happening now I don't know what the
point of this would be or why anybody
would want to do this but a lot of
people do which means there might be a
a lot of possessed go
now this next challenge does it seems
scary when you say it out loud but it
actually is one of the most dangerous
ones out there and that is the cinnamon
challenge now this challenge went viral
a few years ago and a lot of people were
taking a spoonful of cinnamon and trying
to swallow it doing this challenge can
trigger asthma attacks it can collapse
your lungs and it can lead to
asphyxiation and killing now this
challenge did actually kill somebody and
it hospitalized multiple people the
result can put teens in the hospital and
this actually happened to a 16 year old
girl from ipsa Lani
she took the cinnamon challenge and
ended up in the hospital with a
collapsed lung now the reason this was
so scary to me is because this is
something that everybody was doing I
mean always the clean youtubers and the
brain friendly youtubers were doing it
my mom was doing it her friends were
doing it we all just thought it was fun
but literally what would have happened
if I would have had an asthma attack or
my lungs would collapse and I would have
died on camera while I was doing this
within community
so next time I challenge like this comes
around let's all remember that it might
kill us and I really need to remember
that this is coming from a guy who put a
condom up his nose and pulled it out of
his mouth yeah King novel about it but
okay here we go now it's time to talk
about the blue whale game now this game
isn't just dangerous this game will kill
you that's the point of now reportedly
this game has caused over a hundred
deaths and it is freaking people now the
French National Police has released a
warning I'll translate it do not allow
yourself to be influenced the game is
not worth risking your life okay
so here's how it works the game is made
up of 50 challenges that are given to
you by your game mess everydays new
channel
and they give very they range from
watching scary movies to self-mutilation
but the last challenge is always the
same suicide now the game player tries
to get out of the game the game master
threat they threatened to release all of
your personal information the leaked
nude photos they'll basically do
everything possible to ruin your life
now this might sound familiar because
the movie came out not that long ago
called nerves now this movie was by Emma
Roberts playing a game that was
basically the blue whale game and she
had to do all these crazy challenges and
it eventually led to people risking
their lives now that movie was
terrifying to me and I was like oh thank
god that's just a movie it's not and we
don't know the official number of people
that this game has killed but it is a
lot one of the saddest stories came out
of Russia two friends Veronica 16 years
old and Yulia 15 years old both jumped
off a building together in a double
suicide pact while playing the game and
right before they did this Yulia posted
this picture on her social media now the
game master who made them do this was a
21 year old man named Philip buddhic
he's been charged with organizing this
game and has played it with 8 different
groups between 2013 and 2016
so that is literally proof that this
game is real now after that happened
people all over the world started
freaking out here's just a clip of the
press conference that happened in Chile
una menos de la de los a ano if the
manifesto Garrett already employed OKC
Thomas et Gondo de amalah velena soon
okay so first let's talk about where the
name of this game came now the game
digits name from a phenomenon called
set a theme stranding or Beach which is
basically the act of a water based
animal beaching himself basically
killing himself by swimming on sugar so
in this game you are basically acting as
a blue whale who is killing yourself now
it's not actually known if that's the
real reason that will do that if they're
actually trying to kill themselves but
either way that's where the name comes
okay now I have to list here the 50
challenges that you must do in this game
and I'm not going to read over all of
them
men are extremely disturbing but I will
show you the list and I will read you
just a few carve with the razor
s 57 on your hand and send it to the
game s if you're ready to become a whale
you have to carve yes into your way one
of them is to pump your hand as many
times as you can within another is to go
to the highest roof you can find and
stand on the edge the game master tells
you what day and what time you're going
to die and you have to accept it every
day you have to wake up at 4:20 a.m.
watch horror videos listen to music that
the game master sends you and make one
cut on your body per day now the last
challenge of this game is to go to a
high building and jump now the craziest
part about all of this is that a lot of
kids that play the blue whale game come
from normal childhoods normal homes and
they don't seem like the type who would
play most of the 130 children rather
presumed to have been guided to suicide
since November came from loving
functional families so it starts to make
me wonder why is this happening why is
this phenomena or people so bored with
life that they want to take risks they
want to do something crazy to people
like the idea of having somebody be in
control of them and make them do their
every move do they know that the end of
the game is that they're going to die
or do they think that's a joke either
way it is very real and it's part of the
long growing list scary internet games
and challenges that are taking lives
let's go hopefully you enjoy this creepy
video and hopefully it persuade you to
not do any creepy internet challenges I
mean listen there's some you can do
obviously Bloody Mary
and here the fun kind of sleepover games
but if it seems like one is especially
dangerous and/or involves fucking a
demon maybe don't do it actually guys if
you want more creepy videos like this
give me a thumbs up so I know also make
sure to subscribe to my channel right
down below and hit the notification bell
because I make new videos every day and
if you want to see any of my other
creepy videos where I talk about
conspiracy theories and
and stuff like that I'll put a link to a
playlist ring to tell the description
booth
hide you guys I'm going to go be careful
what you play
