hey what's up you guys it is Sunday
morning and I have looked everywhere for
muffins and I could not find her
Miley do you know where muffins is what
about you chocolate useless do you know
where muffins is random Mexican family
excuse me Lady gaga do you know where
muffins is there's you wake the fuck up
muffins you know what's crazy I get a
lot of fat comments from people being
like you looks out to those Shane but
I've never expected for you to get fat
comments I mean you're a cat oh don't be
embarrassed don't put your little paw in
front of your face I don't think your
faux okay you actually are what happened
Lovins well I don't know you guys I
think muffins is definitely gaining some
weight she's not pregnant because I
don't think that's possible
are you pregnant muffins ooh she got
real quiet well there you go there is
muffins just being fat and lazy oh she's
so sad and offended muffins I don't
think you're fat okay I think you're
beautiful you're like Tyra Banks kiss
your big pussy ass okay so another
comment I saw on the video last week was
you guys wanted me to dance with my dogs
you danced with my dogs that's
ridiculous let's do it
alright you assholes are you ready to
dance okay
really quick I just need to point it out
oh no he's obviously ready to have sex
with me dirty little dog so I just need
to point out their eyebrows
so listen hopefully this is not annulled
the animal abuse it probably is me and
her I got really bored last night and we
thought it would be funny if we drew
eyebrows show the eyebrows on the dogs
out of lipstick and my mom was not too
happy about it so please don't report us
to PETA because we thought it was cute
is that abuse
dancing turns to humping those nasty
dogs
alright you guys leave a comment what do
you want to see next week on chocolate
sundaes do you want to see the dogs
fighting because you can see that right
now
Chuck Charlie crazy told us
