hey what's up you guys we are outside of
aha where's the sign there we go
aha and Jared thinks he see well first
of all jarett's here we're all here
everybody say hi hi
she's upset because we're about to give
her a good dear well she's gonna play
Jared explained the Dare I was sitting
in IHOP eating my wheat french toast and
I noticed I actually I felt something in
the air and something amazing
I think MC Hammer's here everybody right
there he's close enough to touch it is
no it's MC Hammer for sure and I bet if
you google it he's wearing that hat so
one of us needs to go and ask him I
think it should be Bree cuz you're a
girl and you can get away with it all
right we found paper and pen okay go do
it you're not a true fan of MC Hammer do
we need to show you
Jared sure who MC Hammer's doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo okay that's just do
doo doo dee come grab my phone so you
can get closer and filming because I
definitely don't want to go over there
this will be the worst video ever
I'll go together cuz we're together
we're boyfriend/girlfriend is that MC
Hammer
sir I'm super sorry to bother you are
you can we have your autograph are you
who we think you are thank you so much
have a great night it is probably the
greatest moment ever are you serious I
think he's somebody but I don't know who
if any of you guys know who this is
