hey what's up you guys it is Sunday and
you know what that means
chocolate sundae so today we thought
it'd be cool if we showed you Jeff
didn't know I was gonna film him by the
way hey Jared he probably would have
kept the shirt on so um
every time somebody jumps in the pool
chocolate jumps in after them like a
lifeguard who tries to save them well I
mean he does it for me I don't know if
he does it for Jared so this could be a
bust
Jared yeah let's see where the loyalty
is oh oh oh
Oh see tried to save you
oh dude swim do like a lap or something
I bet he'll follow you okay guys
seriously I know we've already seen
chocolate swimming last week but how
fucking cute is that shit alright well
there you go that's our daily chocolate
before we go let's go say hi to the cats
because I feel like they're not getting
that much love muffins they miss you
what are you going to do you do a trick
all you do is talk
well there you guys go that's nothing
stop following me you don't do anything
why do you still fucking hassle he just
wants to be in the video but he doesn't
do anything but you're cute we love you
so do you guys want to see you next week
on chocolate sundae do you want to see
Charley humping chocolate which he does
regularly but I don't know I could get
flagged for that do you want to see
muffins and snoop fighting because that
could be a definite possibility or do
you want me to go outside with the dogs
maybe take them for a walk and watch
them take a shit and probably eat it
muffin seriously all right you guys I'm
gonna go
