that looked good oh you make me want
that so bad oh okay I'm over it it's if
you guys worry I'm not gonna say well I
guess I'll say Yogurtland I wasn't gonna
say because I don't want this look like
product placement although I love the
new Hello Kitty designed no I'm not
getting paid by them I just come here
like every single day and they were
selling shirts and I thought well why
not get a Hello Kitty Yogurtland shirt I
have one of us wear it and dance around
the store talk about how much they love
yogurt for the extra-large
superlime-- haha keep assuming it by the
extra-large I was just kinda hoping that
Jared would do this mission although I'm
a fan of your idea and I'm down what's
better than one yogurt guy 2-yard guys
two yogurt guys a tag-team duo are you
down I think it's impossible and it
could never be done I'll prove you wrong
oh my god that was so laughing so what's
better than two Hello Kitty Yogurtland
cool kids
how about four Hey oh yeah yeah oh she
turned up the music for us
there you go kids this is what we do for
fun I'm hoping ones
why don't we party like that how painful
what do you guys do for fun
leave a comment didn't expect that but
I'll take it
listen to your heart ha ha ha ha ha oh
oh oh yeah
