hey what's up you guys so today I have
something a little bit different for you
hopefully it's not too boring I wanted
to put on my iPhone channel because I
know you guys are kind of like the more
hardcore supporters cuz I know a lot of
people are just gonna find this boring
so hopefully you guys like it it's an
interview that me and Brittney did at
VidCon and I kind of cut it up and put
the best parts in it and I know a lot of
you guys weren't able to come to VidCon
so I just want to show you what you
missed so check it out
you're lucky you she was piece of gum
now I have you for seven years
tip that we need into the or the
big-screen TV uh yeah the TV stuff yeah
fingers crossed toes everything crossed
we'll see either the movie stuff you
know developing some stuff hopefully
that'll make you guys laugh and my
friend totally sketch she's youtuber
movie and I'm gonna be in it so that's
exciting
what any himself or need a fuse Ted in
your videos
oh I use final cut and I also use iMovie
because of how let's go I like the kids
were big shirts
really bad but remember that be like you
can I touch your hair she's lying
it's fielding chicken grease you dare me
to freak dance with Brittany oh you know
what I did okay
I was doing this skit about there's kids
here I part you okay Alex Eden I think
is good about the gynecologist and I
needed a woman's legs
nobody's gonna know it's me right so
we're legs up enough
she was pretty experienced like that was
her legs so then afterward I caught her
checking the comments looking for legs
and she like would be like oh my god
they make my legs look pretty she was
somebody that was Britney's leg
this is kind of an original and I don't
mean to be a dick but can I sit up there
- yeah
all these underage girls on my couch
Dateline indecision question everything
in a month oh well a policy require an
example I
I don't have a question I have to sell
both of you something and give you
something change but last year only
around the time I wear daily September
October it was like I was a hard time
for me and I kind of like really
depressed and then I met Shane at Target
in November and it lifted me up so much
and I got so happy right now but I was
why I started watching both through
videos and I got like I weapon depressed
extremely happy in it I got you guys in
a way saved my life is there anything
last thing you want to say I'm gonna
double fist this one this because I need
okay now I just want to say that all you
guys that watch my videos and that I'm
here that actually care about me it's
really weird I just want to make you
guys proud and I want to keep making
videos and and I want you guys to keep
watching and hopefully you always feel
like I'm not making crappy
yes that was a lot of fun I love talking
to you guys I love being with Brittany
on and off stage all right no I'm
kidding
so watching this footage back kind of
struck an idea in my head and I want to
throw it out there see what you guys
think I kind of want to do like a weekly
talk show with Brittany maybe like a
1520 minute thing on like Friday nights
on my youtube channel and interview
random people homeless people semi
d-list celebrities and you know have
Sheneneh go out on the street and ask
people questions and I don't know I
don't know what it's gonna be called or
what it's gonna be like or if there's
gonna be an audience or if it's just
gonna be in my bedroom with like my dogs
and my cats but I just want to see what
guys think would you like that leave a
comment saying yes or no and who do you
want to be a guest on it I love you guys
I'll talk to you later check out my
other videos there is the other VidCon
vlog and that's the one where I kiss a
dude kind of regretting putting that up
but you know what I don't care I love my
gay fans and that's for you that sounds
wrong okay and then there's also a main
channel video which is via orgy party
and I'm gonna go I love you guys
go Jesus it's your birthday my brother
got me this do you like it
even if you don't like Jesus I hope you
like it cuz he looks like he's like hey
I love Gina I'm gonna go okay I'm just
gonna walk out awkwardly
