hey what's up guys we are at my house
and I'll explain that later
um jared is here and it's really hot out
here would you say it's fucking
blistering it's but your head is so wet
and sweaty that it's like catching the
light on the camera it's yeah it's like
I already Dovan the ball okay so there's
a pool here and it's pretty pretty gross
like it pretty much looks like there's
roaches in it and bugs and we actually
went swimming last night not knowing how
gross the pool was this morning so
regretting it so jared is so hot he
doesn't care and he wants to take off
all his clothes and jump in serve two
purposes one to cool me off to all the
hate comments about how fat and
disgusting I look well let me lose
weight I haven't shaved my body recently
there's a little bit of hair going on
feel free to leave hate comments it's
gonna be good it's motivation motivation
Biggest Loser I can't you know I'm gonna
add sexy slow motion to this right oh
look at all the green that just like
separated well people that's a winner if
I've ever seen one
