hey listen be good yes today is all
about me comments or as I like to call
them oh my god I know I'm gay I actually
don't get as much hate as I used to get
because I used to just get you know come
out of the closet and kill yourself and
now I'm just getting kill yourself but
any comments really don't bother me that
much sometimes they make me laugh but
I'm not done any reading hate comments
video in a while but I don't think okay
how do I switch it up and also how do I
make myself laugh so I don't cry and I
came up with an idea what if I had my
computer read my hate comments out
laughs now you guys know how much I love
diction and speech but there's a few
things I do not know about it like
there's actually 15,000 different voices
let me just go through a couple of these
first left hi Alex okay so I just wrote
a fake comment here so let's have Alex
read it
Shane Dawson he's a gross piece of
fucking shit wow I didn't even emphasize
fuckin he just went with it so that's
Alex but um there's a lot more names
right there's one called Samantha see
what she sounds like Shane Dawson is the
closed piece of fucking shit that's the
most realistic ones like that sounds
like a lady who takes my order - okay -
wait let me write down what she says are
you sure you mark yeah no I know it's
extra no I meant cause your asses
looking fatter every single time I see
you it's kind of scary yeah bitch -
Arliss all right who else we got this
one as well some of the squares of the
legs of a right triangle is equal to the
square of the hypotenuse Ralph is a
fucking demon from El mouth knows the
truth about Mendel effect
I'd be del you know I'm able to start
with Alex because like he's the classic
and I just love the way he says my name
sad fuck speaks to my heart okay so I
just set up a speaker behind me so it's
almost like the person who hates me is
in the room this is going to be
triggering okay here we go
let's do this one I just have to say all
the people that fucking want to have sex
with Sheen or dumbasses because why
would you want to have sex with this fat
fuck don't get me wrong I love Shane
he's amazing but do I want to have sex
with them No
Wow oh my god this be snails rag me
something has me overdose beats pill oh
my god I feel like in high school again
this is great you know what maybe that
comment was sound nicer coming from a
woman I just have to say all the people
that fucking wanna have sex with Shane
are dumbasses because why would you want
to have sex with his gut don't get me
wrong I love saying he is a male no no
they'll fucking me but almost self-worth
try another one
you're like my fat gay friend it was
kind of nice right you remind me about
Amy from pitch perfect bah that one is
very real and very true
Nana fatter more annoying 200 it damn
you got that double chin Jim Jim Jim Jim
but you none for you in the gym for me
Oh Matt huh wow that was a lot of chin
also was that a laugh oh my god laughing
makes it better
whoo stupid long all right here we go
get a snack with all these hacks and
uglier dumb shit you are doing I
seriously hope you get into a bad
accident valour will hopefully get you
killed PC you are such a disgusting
person that does not deserve to live all
you do every day is be a filthy human
looking jerk as always trying so hard to
be relatable while making shitty
contention I can't believe someone like
you even has a boyfriend you either for
him to be in that relationship with you
or he's only using you because no one in
their right mind would date someone as
ugly fat and repulsive as you I remember
when I actually liked you you know when
you were cute comfortable and fun oh
they cut off she died she couldn't
handle all the anger inside me sure this
one looks nice Shane is the annoying
well gross fat bitch in all of us and I
love it oh that was nice
let's go back to a woman I don't care if
you're gay ugly or fat I just care if
you do videos like if you agree what
this Oliver wife okay Shane I was
reading about the kabocha when Rylan and
you two
to yourself Wow first of all I love that
the robot they it says long like I love
that she's out today
but see if she knows anything else I'm
Cheyenne she look at the stock around
her I'm not her sorry dude how come she
has a boyfriend that I don't know to be
me no valid question
Shan tbh I feel like you smell like a
hot fish sandwich no offence no Queen I
love her see this makes it better it
doesn't get better bitch it gets worse
and you're proof of that see this is
better I love how it is man does
conspiracy videos it talks all serious
subjects on killuminati
conceit and the next day makes something
like a fucking triangle products or
whatever video wow that was not a hate
comment that was like an observation
they'll fuck me up stop wearing the same
t-shirt in every dumb light hack video
by the way the hacks are not gum young
you're dumb I'm smarter in nine ten
you're 39
oh I think she died - I am NOT 39 and I
have more than one shirt I had - why do
you look like you got hit by a car fuck
that one fuck make slime in your toilet
please like this comment if you think he
should make slime in your toilet King of
content I wonder in his penis is
actually small it would explain a lot I
feel bad for him I feel like he's really
sad about it oh this is fucking me up in
a way I've never been taught before this
is fucking me in the ears bitch this is
impregnating my brain with demon but
pika I wish you were Jen and Phil they
are so funny and cute you look like my
Spanish teacher she's really old
ah ha I hope that one day I can be like
Shana just be fat any food all day goals
I love bacon inspiration you know some
youtubers go to colleges and speak I'm
going to go to college is me you kind of
look like Gordo from Lizzie McGuire
mixed with beings from even Stevens
after assessment I just realized that
Shane is only one letter away from shame
and bitch he should be ashamed
whoo that one was that was good I'm not
gonna live either good also I just
realized you can slow the voice down and
speed it up let's try some different
speed I'm just gonna do this one slow
you are a fat bitch oh my god you know
what
slower makes it work let's listen to
what is the older ones slower I wonder
if his penis is actually small it would
explain a lot
I feel bad dog so I feel like he's
really sad about it ah bitch this one
haunts me in my dream I wish you or Dan
and Phil got to normal you look like a
mother who turned 30 and is really
depressed about it what does that even
mean no man I get it you look like a fat
teenage girl who just got down tie her
boyfriend
oh no I get it puffy eyes tears on the
face food on the shirt now that would
make sense all those years in the closet
you would think you would be able to
dress yourself better that one was so
good I am speechless why are they so
good this is why I don't read a comment
because they're more creative than I
will ever be
ah you look like someone that just saw a
person eating poop what is that
what what can you do galaxy to tell a
shampoo please I've been waiting for a
long time that's was a lot about my
channel that you have been waiting for
galaxy Nutella
Shemp why would anybody think I would do
that
ya know I'm trash I let's do one more
you should be we're trying we're
suicides video whoo
I think I'm done I think I'm going to do
that video idea and throw my computer
out the fucking window
anyways you guys enjoyed the video did
give me a thumbs up and if you want me
to do more videos of my computer talking
to me maybe I could like have my
computer readout weird song lyrics or
read out my old tinder conversations let
me know down the comments also make sure
to subscribe on my channel eyes down
below and hits notifications though
because I make new videos a single bit
alright you guys I'll see you tomorrow
sorry that was fun I love hating you it
makes me happy
fuck you
