dunh dunh dunh dunh dunh revenge don't
revenge off the Mentos hey what's up you
guys so obviously first of all ignore my
voice I'm still sick second of all I
don't know if you remember this but last
time we had a minor failure Jared wanted
to put them all in and then put the cap
on I said no dude let's put one in then
you put the cap on so it ended up all
getting fucked up yeah and you know
let's just clear something up all right
let's clear something up there's there
some room rumor mill Rumer Willis there
there's some rumors going on that we
broke a window and some of you guys
think I added that sound effect some of
you don't what do you think whatever
skins would do that's what we would do
well you know what you guys leave a
comment tell me do you think was real or
not I'll tell you next week at some
point okay so let's do it
let's test it and see if we can make an
official geyser is that what it's called
geyser I feel like there's a really cool
name for it and that's not it fuckin
volcano let's do it all right to make
this more official and less illegal
we're gonna use my mom's tennis court
and working even have some doggies Oh
Charlie do you want to play in the big
volcano of diet coke that was real by
the way okay it's kind of similar to a
tampon I feel like right like you put it
on in the poll now they're gonna run
away yeah do it this is really funny go
you got it go
that was amazing so I'm you're shame to
put the diet coke and mentos on his deck
so I decide where my mom's robe because
I don't want to get dick juice all over
my pants and my shirt I think all of us
are kind of horny now thumbs up if
you're horny alright we've succeeded we
have to empty coat well half empty coke
can what do we do with these oh but last
time we broke a window what will happen
this time there's a freeway over there
by the way we gonna do it are you really
gonna do it oh my god
oh my god I'm nervous
