what the hell were you doing nothing
what are you going show me what you're
doing let me see what you're doing
looking at the computer I was going on
on the computers what's going on what's
happening on the computers how do you
turn this thing on tell me
moremore this is what it's like that
boobs I'm gonna go get some hey you a
tip you guys yes I am very excited today
not because I'm pretending to have boobs
that's just part of it
the other part of it is that my final
destination video is finally out so I
really really hope you guys like it we
worked really hard on it totally sketch
breeze Steve everybody in the video and
I've been editing it for like two weeks
because it's been a lot like you'll see
it's like eleven videos I think so it's
been a lot of editing but I think it's
worth it I hope you guys like it what's
your favorite part come back tell me I
think my favorite part is the mammogram
scene because it's actually like I don't
wanna give it away but it's pretty scary
and the hitch-hiker scene hitchhiker
that's a good one
so I love you guys I hope you like it
it's very different than my usual stuff
so hopefully it's not too different for
you but um but yeah I love you guys I
will see you guys soon and SD hi I'm
still waiting to hear what's going on so
there's a little update um we'll see
fingers crossed balls crossed nuts
crossed butthole crossed PS I kind of
want to get a colonic does anybody know
about it let me comment what is it like
is it gonna feel weird oh and by the way
I play Jack Dawson in the new take 180
video where I get to live my dream and
sink on the Titanic Hey think there's
anybody for me on that board back come
back what's going on what is my whistle
good yep it was pretty amazing all right
I'll see you guys later
