dun dun dun dun dun dun dun da I'm not
gonna do it though so mine's a little
bit all right so we're sitting in front
of the crackers and we heard what a
literally a bunch of white people
you can't six saltine crackers in a
minute without taking a drink of water I
beg to differ I know I think it's
totally doable and I think all these
people are gonna do it yeah like he has
an advantage he's wearing his power
bracelet all right Bri why don't you
second wow that's like actually a lot of
miserable
that's so much the prizes we will all
pick you up and like carry you ready 3 2
1 go wow this is the most annoying sound
ever I'm gonna film over here oh my gosh
II could hurl what's happening right now
is she just Jarrod I thought you were
close okay wait so if I remember
correctly my prize was that we well in
the challenge of the six crackers versus
the six crackers the best cracker won in
my opinion hands up alright so after
watching Jarrod do this and after
actually seeing that there's nothing to
calories in these I've decided to do
challenge myself and uh
you live see please ah fuck I just
forgot I thought real pose
