oh hey what's up you guys I'm currently
200 feet up in the air okay no I'm not
I'm just in my balcony of my apartment
building but it feels like I'm 2 million
feet oh let's test it out oh my god it
took like two hours for that to hit so I
am here I have never actually been on my
porch hence the reason there is leftover
furniture and spider-infested
ooh I don't know what that is some kind
of spider web with some kind of eggs in
it and Jared comes out here a lot oh my
God look at that look at this spider
what I don't know if you guys can see
this but there's like so many dead
animals in you yeah why am I out here
umm so I'm going to try to sit in this
chair and see what happens I'm nervous
I'm probably gonna get crabs you know
what I'm not gonna sit this chair I'm
just gonna stand so I just want to make
a little video to say hey what's up feel
like I haven't seen you guys in a while
here let me set you down see if I can
there we go
hey this is kind of weird should I squat
or kneel or get on my knees here we go
hey so people probably looking at me
like I am on crack although most people
in my apartment building are literally
on crack so maybe they're not hey how's
it crack good good so yeah first of all
the douchebag video hopefully you guys
liked that it was so much fun and it was
you know a lot more work than I had
anticipated but it was totally worth it
and I hope you guys downloaded the song
it was free hello hallelujah so that was
fun and then this last week has been
really really stressful and I was
facebooking tweeting about it you guys
were really being nice and giving me
support but we've been pitching the show
SD hi to the networks finally I know I
told you guys like a month or two back
that we were going to start pitching and
we are and I'm putting all my energy
into it hence the reason I don't have a
video up tomorrow because I've just been
putting all my energy into the show and
then we're pitching all next week too so
um so I'm gonna really I don't know you
guys it's like I'm so nervous and so
freaking out because like when I go into
these rooms like with these network
people trying to like hey you should
make my show it's really scary because
the first thing they're probably
thinking is we're hungry second thing
they're thinking is why is his hair so
long and he kind of looks like Jodie
Foster and the third thing they're
thinking is no but hopefully I can
change that to yes who knows so yes so
that's been really scary and
nerve-wracking I've had diarrhea more
than I can count I think I have pooped
out you know enough to fill a Grand
Canyon with my feces that's a visual so
I'm really you know just trying with
that um what else is going on that's
about it I mean how what are you guys
doing how are you guys doing school is
almost out are you excited what's your
least favorite class my least favorite
class was PE obviously I was a whale but
I think also chemistry I hated that
like I just never understood that unless
you're gonna be you know leader of a
meth lab why would you need to know how
to make chemistry or make chemistry does
that make sense
I don't know so yeah I'm gonna get as a
huge black widow
holy fuck it's looking at me
yeah yeah I just want to say hi to you
guys and I'm sorry that I haven't been
putting out a lot of videos lately but I
know you guys understand that I'm trying
to give this show made and you know I'll
put out some videos soon but yeah I love
you have a good weekend
enjoy the douchebag video and I'm gonna
go try not to get bit by a spider and
run back inside seriously look at this
one it's huge I don't know
oh my god a big guy over here okay I'm
gonna go look yes
