hallelujah good afternoon having a
little deja vu yes that is how I started
out a previous video but I'm starting
this video out the same way because this
video has something to do with the
previous video how many times did I just
say video holy fuck shit
yes first of all I don't know what that
is dear Lord and I saw a comment on my
video saying you should probably get a
facial and I agree guys like this what's
happening this what you know what though
it just shows you I'm real people ok ok
I know fake bitch up in here I got pizza
skin I don't even know I don't really
get pimples but I get like really weird
dry STDs after there ok so let's talk
about the video so um last week I showed
you guys a little snippet of the song
the douchebag song and this weekend we
filmed it and it was so fun it was like
two days two long days but a filming and
we had a bunch of people over and we
turned my mom's backyard into like a
prom and it's it was just so much fun
but it was also so much work but it was
so worth it because I've been editing at
my computer for like I don't know three
days straight with no sleep but I think
I'm done and I think it looks really
good totally sketch is gonna come over
and like tweak a little thing tweak
tweak little things and we're gonna
totally fix it up for Saturday so I
thought it might be fun if I showed you
guys just a little little sneak peek
cuz I already showed you sneak peek of a
song so I might as well show you a sneak
peek of the video and also I did a video
of Joe nation a while ago and it's
finally coming out now and it's totally
worth the wait it's a it's basically
where he kills me he tries to kill me
and he tries to kill all my characters
so it's like this big fight scene I'm
like a ninja and no there's no body
double
that was really my fighting work it
wasn't so that's cool I'll put a link in
the crotch so here you go here is a
little sneak peak of the douchebag song
need a body bag me to buff off the bag
Peter Bava cheese bag douche bag
