cuz I was shot from it prom just hanging
out
everybody's like looking fetching stuff
I'm trying to find me woman oh who's
that
huzzah huzzah
I think she's related to me but I don't
care she looks just like me whoa hey
guys what's up do some hot Oh Oh hurt
yourself
oh wait a minute going on over here oh
whoa whoa she's convulsing this is
amazing save the last dance I like it
Save the Last Dance 3 coming to DVD I'm
not only bears to be white I'm
embarrassed living black and my mom is
orgasmic we rented a limo for the video
music video we're doing liquor she's
posing like a playmate yeah I get it but
she is a planner right
isn't she mom are you playmate 86 women
of housewives of sure milks single
bitches in-studio titties city committee
can we see so let's see the inside mom
you wanna see what are you doing I'm
standing are you tweeting it chariot
awaits
there's plenty of cocaine and penises in
there for you my viewers have no idea
what the fuck you talkin about my god it
smells like weed in here which is none I
can't oh my god I need a flash here's a
second week oh there we go
oh hey drunk the bar well hopefully this
goes well hopefully we don't get high
from these fumes I'm already
