hey guys yeah we're back I love him
throwing my look at his little body
little R ah the opposite of what my mom
said with you and me ha ha oh my god the
hug fucking home okay now now there's a
scratch okay
oh my god did you give the kid the kids
bitch look at the kids Gio kissy kiss
kiss daddy jidoka state made a more
iconic love story oh wait oh my god yes
we are back and I wanted to do this
video for literally no one but myself I
was like Amazon the other night at 2:00
a.m. and I bought something that was
extremely stupid and not for video I
have literally bought a cat DJ turntable
scratching phone fish Marshmallow Man is
shook is it Marshmallow Man
I don't know I'm old anyways I thought
that I don't play with me what else is
here on Amazon and then I bought a whole
bunch of shit and then I was like you
know what let's make a video which by
the way it's so sad that I bought all
these products just for us now first
things first we have to raise Gino's
fashion game so I tried to find a
costume that was bag of Cheetos and I
couldn't find it then I almost put it in
an actual bag of Cheetos with the hole
in it but that was abusive so I got the
next best thing
oh he's gonna hate this hey here we go
hey goes here oh oh God God I literally
am a cat lady how did this happen we
would be running it kiddo show him your
outfit oh job become I got job I want to
be flying pizza bitch give it to us oh
my god it's not delivery its you know I
think he hates it God yeah I am way too
excited about that
oh my god these are the pizza costume
drinking McDonald's okay so this next
thing I got really looks abusive but it
says it's not this is a cat grooming bag
I guess you put your cat in it and then
twist them in the bathtub
I don't know all I know is bitch and
looked like a purse all right Cheetos
let's turn you into here back oh my god
what the torture device
okay my line Frollo and no cheat oh no
stop
he is so fucking crazy with food he
knows there's food in there that's why
he's doing this what are you eating
white chocolate what kind of a cat wants
white chocolate look at them fucking
that up Mike you know time to get your
purse come on hold still baby get away
from the food nice now I know what my
mom felt like oh my god oh wait you guys
need to do the salt look hey guys it's
time for another what's in my bag now I
have a few things in here that are
essential I have my keys my gum a
toothpick you never want food in your
gene oh and have a living thing and
guess what I'm doing a giveaway ok
cheetah look at here you hate this no
don't hate you don't hate me I'm going
to give you food ok I think I know how
to make it out to him let's make the PJ
this is literally everything cheeto get
out of the food bitch he's like this
with every single type of food what
happens when I open up my trash cheeto
look at daddy open up the trash
look at this look at this fuckery it's
trash cheeto I can't with this damn cat
okay cheeto get a turn okey doke locate
the food come on hit this party lit okay
if you're tilting can be a fucking DJ if
you can figure this shit out see ya
forgive with you like you're looking ma
would you make it with you with you to
keep in typical smoke look just do it
just getting charged all he cares about
his food that's all he cares about
that's not even a food it's a stuff
you're eating the leftover food that is
burnt on the stove what are you fucking
me man cheeto come on when you're
forcing a profession on your child come
on baby make daddy rich make me remix
come on sign of the times remix we're
waiting for it harry has requested a
remix from DJ hot cheeto so we're going
to get it to run
yeah yes you're doing here what about
that spoon ah oh close it smooth
come on oh oh it's whoo yes perfect go
play a child never going to be a start
okay so now we're gonna turn this toy ah
it's very annoying and I already fucking
hated okay come on Cheetos in the donut
with her with a rat on it come on yes
yes
oh my god yes oh he's so smart oh he's a
genius he just probably thinks it's food
fuck which comment for you oh no oh I
broke it
oh god now he's gonna actually he didn't
die okay shit okay no Kim Thank You MA
look there's a thing in the middle of it
look yes yes get it get it when the dick
is weird but you give it a chance
and then you leave Cheetos we're having
fun okay let's do it oh my god oh oh my
god yeah okay so this is a rush for your
cat but you put it in your mouth like a
tongue and then you lick them it
literally does on the back have you ever
wanted to lick your cat the fuck is
wrong with you people
that being said I really want to lick my
cat let's do it cachito
time for you to get groomed by mama okay
here we go already
you know I thought you look mama look
you know let me love you oh I'm going
wrong sorry
oh that's love yeah yeah yeah oh I'm
liking this too much we need to move on
no oh my god Oh cheetah you are going to
hate me after this but I have to do it
got a pirate costume but feel like he
might actually like this okay here we go
putting a blue oh my god do you know you
loved it because he's screaming oh oh oh
do you hate it oh come on I want you to
be like a drag queen I just want to
dress you up oh I think she does kind of
living for this look
hi baby do you like your look Wow
I think he literally likes it my baby
only loves costumes and food like your
mommy oh all the ways legs move it's
like a little gay pirate come search for
the booty yeah cheetah walk the plank
come on bitch find that buried treasure
you know a bitch I am the treasure
dude you are a sassy little bitch glad I
love you okay so these aren't bubbles
that are specifically made for your cat
I don't really know what that means but
I guess they can eat them and like play
with them or just ignore that because
they're not food
whoo it's scary how genuinely excited I
just got all right candy let's blow up
the bottle okay ready
you know gia look over it you know look
yeah look come on
literally couldn't give less of a fuck
catch it come on
I think he's genuinely afraid come on
cheeto look come on don't run from the
party come on we're supposed to be
having fun now have fun with your mom
come on we're going to go to the movies
and we're going to go to Yogurtland
we're gonna go to prepper 21 I'm gonna
try on something too young and you're
going to say mom take that out you fat
gross old bitch oh I love mommy daughter
day month we got a license as he's
hiding under a chair look Chuck look sad
is that he's like bitch it ain't fries
it ain't a cake I don't give a fuck whoo
what are those okay now I just feel like
I'm torturing it this was supposed to be
a fun day but it's fun you want to go
out and hang out your friends have your
mom that side yeah I'll just be here all
alone by myself watching Nightline put
the gang up that show it's about old
ladies getting murdered alone in their
house because their children leave
Thibodeau seriously have fun I'll pick
you up tonight just text me if I'm still
alive next product now this is more for
me but this is a pet urine and sting
detector so I guess when you turn it on
it shows you where your dog or cat or
self has pissed okay so here is the
magic detector this is a flashlight why
do I always get ripped off tonight let's
put the batteries in it whew okay all
right I like this I'm excited now this
also comes with the special glasses that
we're going to help me see all the kids
oh my god when you put it on everything
just looks like this I don't know if I
peed all over the whole house or if it's
just the glasses or both
mother-daughter they just got a lot more
fun okay honey let's go find some pee
all right now I know specifically that
Uno peed over here yesterday so let's
see if it picks it up the fuck this
literally is not doing anything like it
doesn't even brighten up an area at all
they're just stupid Gina what do you
think mm-hmm it's not food so you don't
care okay he pees on these all the time
anything no nothing waste of money
fuck all right let's say if you peed on
binge this isn't going to work he's peed
on all the youtuber books
Cheetos show me the pee come on
Sherman if it is that P no that's actual
shit don't need a flashlight to see that
who has dumb glasses and wasted our
money this guy I don't even think this
would detect pee in a toilet
Pepe you pee in there oh my god it turns
it blue wait my crazy we okay bitch this
is fucking you it's turning these blue
or that just cuz of the blacklight we
know I think it actually does
turn-key blue or no no it just turns
wiping boo fuck no honey that was bad
but but don't you love sending it with
mom okay this next thing is nothing that
I actually am going to use this is a
hoodie that has a couch oh he could hate
this my cheer oh oh my god oh my god oh
and if he doesn't like it I can just put
the popcorn in there oh my god my phone
in here bitch did I just make a belly
purse that's what I'm hacking and I'm
not even trying to here we go get in
mommy's pouch oh my god oh my god I'm
gonna cry
oh I'm gonna cry I'm gonna cry oh my god
right oh my god disappoint my mom life
OH
walking at the Starbucks all the new
mommies are shows hi name is Bennett AIP
just a mess get in decided milk of my
baby I'm alone oh whatever I love this
Oh
click heading and walking walking
headings I've hurt my phone's in there
it does like phone vibrating from a
kitty purring faithful hello new mom I'm
sure
baby oh my god I'm gonna use it
literally every day I'm a crazy person
my god I'm going to the movies hi TV
quiet please
we're trying to enjoy the film sure up
you crazy job lady British gala season
sickness and get welcome you're going to
eat your all day oh hold on oh my god
I found myself a real hidden treasure
who live in a house under Danny baby I
have who wants two guys cooking two guys
okay
do you love it okay I'm not crazy that
sounded like yeah right yeah that was it
okay now this next thing I got is in
fucking leash to take him outside
oh all right come on Gino let's go
outside I know I don't want you either
oh come on we got to go outside someday
come on come on baby let's go outside
yeah come on yeah look look around look
at all the nature
yeah no it's boring I know wait I think
he likes it are we having fun are we
having fun did mother-daughter day just
get a little more exciting wow this is
fun outside you want to go back
oh no you like it out here don't you oh
god we're drifting apart I thought we
had so much in common
drag food never being happy but now you
like nature oh they grow up so fast
you really be like this this is actually
really cute oh my god I think I'm
actually gonna CrossFit what's happening
to me alright let's go back inside
that's hot oh my God look at him he's
like no I don't want to go back he's
like oh my god
look at all the possibilities that
aren't living with you come on baby back
to hell back to prison back to this
place that you probably hate oh he
really does want to come back ma you
want to play with your friends
fake socks and creepy little bird yeah
you can go if you want oh my god
if you ever die this is how I'll see you
like a little angel mommy's little angel
okay this last thing I got I'm actually
a little afraid of because it's drugs
now this looks a lot like weed and
supposedly it is for cat so this is
called catnip
I guess it makes them go fucking crazy
oh that's intense
alright so I don't really know what to
do do we roll it do we smoke it I don't
I mean yes I do I'm a cool mom
oh honey one's gonna put that into paper
and light it up maybe put it in a bomb
you know me and all your friends we can
get a faded and blast it I'll go okay
here we go
I'm scared off when I turned my daughter
into the drug addict come on sweetie
love drugs drugs when she doesn't give
in to peer pressure
ah she's my Hillary does my baby trucks
trucks honey look drugs look drugs Kitty
weed oh my god it's so proud of her
she doesn't want to waste her life no
but seriously daddy wants you to do some
drugs come on honey come on drugs drugs
Oh literally pushed it away
what if fucking inspiration okay in
their mind she's back that's he's like
you know what I'm sick of that maybe
just a little bit weak come on you can
have it want some drugs baby yeah oh
shit oh fuck the moment she realizes oh
shit is he high baby are you high how
many fingers am i holding up oh fuck oh
shit no no no no no you're going to be a
good girl you're going to go to college
you're going to get a job you're going
to become the president one day the next
orange president hi guys go that was all
the products we have for to dirty are
you enjoying it ow ow that was wrong
I had a shit ton more products coming
from Amazon so if you want a part to
give this video a thumbs up so I know
that's it it all sound like him
screaming no oh oh I know but not a lot
to see a Cheeto loves me I promise and I
think they look good care of them so
please don't think that I'm like need to
him I gave him a good life also be sure
to subscribe my channel right down below
into the notification that I make the
videos fixing things and we will see you
tomorrow
Regina come on city life Oh sighs you
guys I would be used tomorrow
my god oh my god I love you
Oh
