hallelujah good afternoon it is what
time is it
hello noon wow it's early huh and I am
here at a restaurant meeting with
totally sketch totally sketch is my
youtube friend and we make dating video
together I have really dirty teeth right
now but it's okay um no but we were
meeting about a music video that's a
little time okay calm down Shane you are
not a gay man
well no you're not people think you are
but you're not calm down you are kind of
a five-year-old girl so that's okay so
this video I'm so excited about so I
recorded the song last night we mixed it
and everything
my brother's friend has like a recording
studio we did it there it was really
cool and I'll play you a little bit in a
second but right now okay so here it is
it's a judas spoof not really a spoof
it's you know what I do I like to take a
song and then I totally remake it so
this is like about a guy a girl who's in
love with a douchebag and and my email
character guy is trying to tell her like
come on dude he's a douchebag
so I've never sang in this email
character voice before so I'm a little
nervous you guys aren't gonna like it
but I think it's good I think it's cool
so I'm excited so we're working on that
I honestly I'm not gonna lie I don't
think it's gonna be done by this
Saturday and I know a lot of you guys
really like thumbs down you're an
asshole you're lazy honestly I just want
it to be fucking I hate to use this word
but I want it to be I just want it to be
big and I want to really just I want to
dance sequence I want to have the sets I
want it to be so big
I wanna I'm gonna spend a lot of my
money on it um which is probably stupid
I probably shouldn't be doing that but
I'm going to and I just want it to be
awesome for you guys so it's probably
gonna take it probably won't be up until
next Saturday so I'm sorry I'll put up
like a ass chain or something this week
I don't know but here's a little clip
are you ready let me see what part is on
cuz you've all aboard you back baby
oh that's at the teaser does the little
teaser snake Peter Howell ooh you're so
excited I hope you guys like it I hope
that sounded good with I want to show
you more but I won't oh wait this is my
favorite so yeah I'm excited I hope you
guys like it I'm gonna be working on
this fucker for two weeks straight like
every day I'm gonna edit the shit out of
it I'm gonna hopefully make it awesome I
think we're gonna film a couple days is
it all excited I'm okay long story short
I've been having a tough time lately you
guys know that I'd bitch about it all
the time I'm trying to come up with
video ideas and all this stuff but this
I feel like this is gonna be such a fun
video to make and I'm and I hope you
guys like it so I'm gonna go take a
shower at some point and I'm going to
hopefully see the new Tyler Perry movie
at some point because good afternoon I
love you guys
