hey what's up you guys it is Easter and
I'm here with the family say hi
everybody act normal
that's not gonna work okay so we made
this Happy Easter cake which I'm sure
you saw in my vlogs earlier and thinking
it would be delicious guess what it's
not so I want everybody to try it all
right watch her plop it on the plate
pop it Oh all right who's gonna have the
first bite we're starting low because
you're used to eating your own vomit I
think wait mom you have to try it I'm
your son oh my God look at the layers oh
it's like poop vomit and spit up it's
not it's not supposed to but maybe why
do I have to taste all of this at all
mom just go through gentle stomach I'm
the one that that Bompard fun this looks
like it's supposed to be sexy with it
okay it's like Willy Wonka would you
taste first she's not done chewing yet
that's how good it is
