yo what's up you guys we just had the
most amazing news and how amazing on a
scale of one to ten on a scale 1-10
there's no number this is bigger than if
I were to tell you guys I was pregnant
and that's impossible we just found out
Ark music the geniuses behind Rebecca
Black the geniuses behind you give me
butterflies I don't know her name but
they filmed their latest music video at
my fucking apartment building cuz I'm
watching it I'm like that looks familiar
that looks like my telephone video wait
a minute that's my fucking apartment Lee
and Brie lives here too and she yeah
long story short I was at the gym when I
first moved to sperm building and I
heard a really bad pop music playing I
mean really amazing pop music really
amazing pop the revolutionary Lady Gaga
shit playing next to the gym oh my god
so I me and Jared we're trying to figure
out this at a recording studio we saw
like all these black dudes walk in and
they were recording a song all these
like kind of slutty girls and we're like
oh they're recording music that must
have been arc music so now we are going
to go look for them we're gonna find
phat uh sure I am so I'm shaky how blown
is your mind but it's honestly blowing
this hell I can't I cannot believe I
cannot believe that they're there I
apparently they're stationed here right
stage it like they're I mean yeah yeah
they live among us aliens from Planet
talented I could feel it I've seen the
recording studio before I just never put
it together and I swear Rebecca was here
I heard her
there was a I saw an egg fried on the
ground oh can you guys smell it
do you smell money its success and fame
do deirdr they're the lights on that's
where it is is it open no they come say
is this Ark Music Factory can we be
famous
that's them for our music here alright
you guys get ready to hold on to your
fucking chairs we are in arc music right
now he's not black he's hiding it music
is here right explain we're told lyrics
up we're actually gonna sing okay we're
gonna sing in the recording studio this
is this where she did it did she touch
this did she breathe on this I can feel
all the thumbs downs it's coming ready
we party and party fun fun fun fun
lookin forward to the weekend huh
okay so best night of my life right we
just found out also bonus news six cents
twist ending art music flips leaves here
that ushers in the building and we're
about to find
