hey guys it's Wendy Williams how you
doin
I'm just here in Shane's apartment my
Wendy Williams impression sounds a lot
like Brittany Taylor how are you doing
hey guys it's Saturday I am so fucking
excited okay so here's the thing I'm not
gonna give anything away but if you go
to my main channel there's a brand new
interactive
who's the killer kind of whodunit game
thing and I've been working for three
days with no sleep you probably hear a
siren they're coming to pick me up crazy
um do you hear that guys getting louder
I hope nobody got murdered although it
would be perfect coincidence because
that's what my videos about no so I'm
very excited this is a video that I've
been working on for a few days no sleep
I've been just totally focused I just
wanted to make it really awesome and and
I really hope you guys like it so I'm
not gonna give anything else away I'm
just gonna tell you that it's probably
my favorite video I've ever made
yeah and probably because it's well
you'll see but like horror and scary
stuff is like my favorite genre and I've
always wanted to make scary movies and
so this was kind of my chance the first
one isn't that you'll see like it gets
scary at the end of the video but yeah
but um so hopefully like it yeah was I
gonna tell you that was basically it
just that I hope you guys liked the
video and I just want to talk a little
bit more about it on my iPhone channel
cuz that's what I do
and I don't want to get so close as we
get this is the real scary video right
here yeah so what's your favorite scary
movie ooh oh there's a hint to my video
what's your favorite scary movie mine is
probably scream there so yeah yeah I'm
gonna go oh by the way I was in a new
video with the fine brothers on their
channel I was supposed to give him a
shout-out but I couldn't really give any
shoutouts in my interactive video that
would've been really weird like if she
Nene would have been like who's the
killer by the
I was in a new video like that would be
weird so check put a link in the crotch
by the way that the video the fine for
this films was like months ago and
probably 15-20 pounds ago so if you're
wondering why I look so plump that's why
nothing there's anything bad with that
not that moves obviously there was
something bad with that if I can't even
say it not that there's anything bad
with being actually plump except for
when I'm actually plump I look like a
rapist although I kind of look like one
right now I'm gonna go I love you guys
right
