hey what's up you guys I know what
you're thinking holy shit this is like
your 20th iPhone video in a row please
get the fuck out of my computer I'm
sorry I'm just really enjoying posting
these iPhone videos because they're fun
and they're easy and they're stupid and
they're crazy but this one is a little
different because it is a collection of
iPhone videos in one so what happened
was I went to Las Vegas with a group of
friends for my friend Brees birthday and
I was just filming random stuff and I
thought oh this would be a really cool
second channel vlog and then I kind of
stopped filming halfway through so now I
just have random footage that really
doesn't make any sense so I thought why
not show it here so here's some really
random stupid footage of me and my
friends in Vegas check it out all right
people losing their money at slot
machines and sluts on posters you know
what that means
we're in Vegas home it smells like
cigarettes and regret all right we're
coming out Oh
yeah get it get it hey what's up you
guys we okay hey what's up you guys
we're in Vegas finally and it is Brees
birthday and look what we got her a fat
booth dailybooth picture of her saying
I'm Oh briefs and I think since we're
here we need to have a little dance
party jerk and crank the music for sure
oh oh oh I'll get it yeah get it get it
then I'm doing the Ellen wheelchair all
right you guys I'm about to do my first
slot machine are you ready for this
I lost alright you guys so we just
finished eating Brees birthday cake and
since it's Las Vegas I thought why not
get crazy and create Kate the ultimate
birthday treat so you turn around and
shut your eyes and I will create don't
look don't be bone Appetit
it tastes so much grosser than it looks
are we near hissing come on oh oh yeah
oh how is it it's a taste to hit you
later
Oh makes your tongue want to slap your
brain now about to ride the bull you
think she's gonna make it
you got it oh look the fog
you got her vagina is gonna be bleeding
oh sure oh my god oh my god oh my god
so there you have it that's how we roll
we don't go clubbing or drinking or or
giing we force each other to eat really
nasty food and write bowls that's just
how we do so here's my question to you
where's your favorite place to go on
your birthday
aren't you guys I'm gonna go I'll see in
a couple days oh by the way I was in a
video take 180 it's really cool it's
basically me being myself so it's really
creepy check it out I will put a link in
the crotch and brand-new video coming
this Saturday I'll give you a hint no
it's not about masturbating a cow
although that would be pretty cool
alright see you guys later
