hey what's up you guys oh don't mind
this
I was just masturbating a Samoan I'm
just kidding
I'm making food I made a cake and I am
it and I made another cake I mean this
cake ate half of it the other half I
dropped on the floor so there's toenails
on it then I made this one and she's
icing it she's 30 icing it look at how
good that looks don't fuck it up
and then she's making rice krispie
squares because well I just like treats
now what are you cutting this into just
squares uh no I said a huge penis keep
working and the doggies are watching cuz
they're hungry
licky licky licky oh this is hot oh my
god oh ah I can't even stop that's nasty
and um yeah we're just hungry on a
Friday night obviously we're more than
hungry on a Friday night and this is not
Paris Hilton and this is not actually
yeah this is frosting that was really
gross I'm sorry about that oh no we are
cooking right now because I've been
watching Cake Boss a lot it's a show
where this guy makes bunch of cakes and
he makes it look super easy obviously
it's not because that's what that wasn't
ended up looking like and this uh
nobody's gonna eat this but you know
what we're trying and we're trying to
make one for Easter because my mom
wanted an Easter cake she's being really
quiet for some reason why so shy mom
they love you the people love you they
love you and your weird animals and just
you being a cat lady no so I am going to
try to finish these cakes and then I'm
gonna cut back probably ten hours later
but you guys won't know it and you're
gonna see the finished result and it's
gonna be awesome I swear
nasty fingers crossed alright the moment
of truth are you ready for this yeah are
you ready for this I'm take
are you ready for this Miley you don't
give a shit
muffins yeah you ready dun dun dun
Oh paparazzi paparazzi alright so this
is the Easter cake let's get a 360 okay
okay okay so you know you know we put
some fondant on it you know we put some
happy Easter you know some grass some
eggs no cereal treats yeah these days
really we try to make like eggs and then
we're out of cereal treats and then roll
them in fondant and spray painted them
and they taste like ass and their heart
is rock so that's the cake what do you
guys think leave a comment do you like
it out of one to ten yeah I mean like
you know it tastes like shit you know
muffin Hera back yeah what do you think
Bieber mom can we just stop really quick
in question why you have a beaver poster
on the wall what are your fans Senate
and he says if you work really really
hard and always remember where you came
from and you can do big things I think
that's a Bible verses where is Jesus
either way I am very proud of us and let
me just show you this has nothing to do
the cake but look at these a little
little cupcakes I made holy fucking shit
you guys and that was the cake that
didn't really work out so uh what do you
guys think have a good Easter oh I see
you before then say bye everybody bye
say bye muffins that was lame
