yeah man you know what we going right
now we'd better be going to the Easter
Bunny motherfucker we going to Easter
Bunny I better take a picture with that
man we were in my burger burger I'll eat
the bunny do this I'm so sorry speaker
right you look at him oh he's black this
year okay all right so what kind of pose
you want to do I'm thinking human
centipede I'm Feeny the human centipede
of a throw up our gang signs bouncing
huh he's waving it's real now it just
got real it just got real look how much
I'm sweating gonna close up good oh my
god I think we're next
are we the oldest people to do this well
when you're 80 is kind of like you're
five again yeah I mean yeah when you're
20-something it's creepy
oh man he's giving me that wave like I'm
tired of y'all
fuck out of here testing testing bunny
cam okay
okay one two three all right you guys
mission accomplished we got a picture
with my hero
I'm wet drip literally literally good
lord this is disgusting
all right you guys ready for this
hotness banging out I just feel like
we're about to rob Easter you know have
you guys ever taken a picture with
Easter Bunny was it exciting were you
excited yeah did you get us Betty's
Jared did your I mean excited
