all I can picture is you guys having sex
and I'm trying okay I'm trying to the
camera see yeah that was my question was
are you going to tease that because the
Sister Wives nobody wants to see that no
I'm like yeah yeah to the guys yes
welcome to the most fucked-up date night
you've ever seen are you ready so ready
yes today we are going to do something
very stupid and very scary and that's
because I asked you guys hey what should
we do today because I wanted to film us
having some kind of adventure some kind
of fun date night I thought you guys
would tweet me like oh go to mini golf
or go see a movie or go get drunk no all
of you guys wanted us to go somewhere
haunted abandoned or legal so I did some
googling and I found a very scary place
in LA I've never been to it is an
underground tunnel system that's
abandoned and it's very much illegal
like we are not supposed to go in so
here we go are you sure it's illegal
yeah by the way can we just talk about
what you're looking at on your phone
what is that speaking of scary oh fuck
actually I look really good you look
busted fun whoa now I know technically
this is something I would do with
Garrett Andrew but I feel like I need to
do this with you at least once like I
need to know that you are my ride-or-die
and like emphasis on die wait you think
we're gonna die I don't know but I want
to know that you could die with me and
be chill about it
see I'm not into this kind of stuff
normally that's why I let you Garrett
and drew normally do your things I'm not
into ghost or paranormal activity
because it brings me out so I try to
pretend that it's not real but you know
that it is real and there's probably a
demon living as I mean well yeah I mean
I think they seem to follow you honestly
because ever since I've known you things
around you seem to be haunted but I
pretend that that doesn't happen right
well let's go find more ghosts and maybe
some of them will cling on to you ghost
couple goals have you ever been anywhere
illegal before I don't think so but I've
got my Britney Spears outfit on I've got
my beauty blog on camera I'm ready to go
my god I'm gay demon is gonna fuck you
and that gay demon is made so we are in
the
which I've never been and we have no
idea what we're doing giving an idea
what to do perfect so we are here and
trying to get here so I have no idea
what to do she was just rising
imagine how many people jump entirely
free why it's one of those popular ways
that people know themselves
why am ia fucking skeleton and Angels of
Death business trying to tell us
something
oh my god here we go
you are dead Hogwarts we're in a hard
work who are you
I don't even watch Harry Potter that's
the tyranny of the book here we go I
wonder if any of these chains I've ever
crashed fo nom
accident like I thought all the powers
is what out
um that was fuckin horse literally were
raising first of all isms I'm not
knocking public transportation it's
great whenever I go to New York I use it
there was something about that specific
train at number one it was way too loud
and like literally sounded like we were
going to crash like I kept having
flashbacks about seeing a final
destination where the whole subway blew
up yeah bitch that could have been us
also it was like people on there that
wanted to kill me I'm not crazy right
no a guy got off and starts yelling at
Shane and then pointing down okay first
of all for no reason we're just sitting
there not talking anybody like just you
know being cool this guy looks at me as
he's walking out of the train and then
walks out of the Train stands by the
window where I am I just start to
knocking on and I look over the nekos
butterflix SME does he know we're going
underground
is he a demon also I thought the whole
point of public transportation was to be
quick and that took triple the time it
was a good car but we got triple the
scares alright we're getting some food
and alcohol because I feel like we are
going to need to be drunk to go through
this haunted tunnel situation here's the
diamond underground
guys we have a problem got drugs you're
drunk - I had one margarita that was
very strong you had - I literally feel
what I'm fucking me I don't know I
literally feel like I have superpowers
oh sorry I remember you so nice here I
don't get a lot of people are afraid of
the city here I mean okay that's pretty
let's make friends yeah let's do that
how about you make friends with an
expert in YouTube I found ladies smoking
something out of a spoon I want to be
her bestie I'm fucking drunk
I have literally episode this is bad
weren't we wait first of all it's
illegal anyways to go to these
underground tunnels but isn't it also
illegal to be drunk in public are we
gonna get arrested twice I don't think
they can make it illegal to be drunk in
public it's walk of public intoxication
bitch I'm drunk and even I know that's
illegal
who is that is that a friend oh no I'm
so drunk are we gonna do you know where
we're going kind of I have enough rest
oh no guys is we're going to get weird
we're in a taxi because I'm too drunk to
walk and it's like a mile away go
something it's hard when you're drunk
it's a fuss well yeah we're going to
attract shut up what else you got in
that little person that was not a purse
it's my Britney jacket I'm inspired by
what if that is a headlamp you have a
fucking headlight are you prepared I'm
gonna throw up
okay so we just got out of the cab I'm
very drunk but also literally we rock we
why are there so many angels where we're
going are we actually going to die I
hope I mean it kind of hope so imagine
how I think the video would be if nobody
would have it to upload who's going to
come downtown to find your phone and
upload it one of them so we are closed
it says that we have to walk behind a
music center and into a secret elevator
supposedly behind the Hall of Records is
a hidden elevator they're missing
oh my god me when I'm missing the D me
when I found it oh my gosh
this is actually kind of scary and I'm
drunk this is not a good combo hold on
wait is that it going up try it
wait you think it's down there were
literally all the cops in LA are I'm
drunk enough of this are you sure it's
my favorite is like literally five
thousand cops
really Harper that's what you're trying
to find Wow fuck what are we gonna do we
promised them hidden tunnels we can't be
too stupid divide that no I think they
were down there well now that security
guards are false okay fuck oh I wanted
to find something scary I wanted to die
what are we gonna do I don't know we're
still looking we're not giving up hope
yeah I don't know I'm not trying to get
arrested okay nice serious thing I've
ever seen what the fuck just a lone
chair Oh what's not here oh wait Oh
bummer
everything about this like previous fuck
okay so I just did some googling and I
found out that the elevators we saw
earlier actually do take you down to the
tunnels so we're going to try this
listen the security guard it's been
following this whole time should we just
be honest with them be like listen bro
we're trying to find some secret demons
well I'll maybe stop those I just think
we keep doing our day and then if he's
like Joe then we say okay we're going to
be real if you help us find these
tunnels bro and loving your badass -
what is this music
purify
maybe the elevators out of service no no
no that's the hostile shit are you
fucking kidding me
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
okay so we have tried every way of
getting inside it's been an hour we've
literally been trying to open up every
single door nothing's working but I have
a back-up plan so I did a video a few
months ago about the Susilo hotel where
that woman was last seen on the security
camera in the elevator just going in and
out of it and then she went missing and
then like two weeks later she was found
dead in the water table but not only did
that happen at that hotel a bunch of
other should happen there they even
renamed it and like redid the whole
thing because it had such a bad
reputation but it's the hotel that
American Horror Story is based on there
was a serial killer who lived there and
like killed people and then came back to
the hotel to go to sleep really fucked
up a bunch people killed himself there
so I'm thinking it's all the way home
who might as well stop by we could sleep
over no here there water's great
okay so we made it to the hotel
completely we change the name of the day
that it feel I was doing some research
on the car Rosalie 15 people have died
here that 15 people have died here
what yeah also the Black Dahlia this is
the last place supposedly that she was
ever seen before she got chopped up
should we go on time well yeah oh my god
everything about this please okay three
good things like a bandage so we can't
get in because you don't have a key card
because there's a lot of restaurants and
stuff that are attached to the hotel but
they're all closed down but the main
hotel still a bit supposedly just two
years ago a dead body was found right
there that explains right I have seven
cameras above us literally
it looks like they're tearing down at
everything the whole hotel like a band
it's sort of just look of anger also
side note as we were driving here we saw
about 17 drag queens run across the
street and then we realize that drag Con
is happening right there and we did go
should we go right now I mean what is
this date night turning into if demons
ghosts drag queens oh talking game
ankles oh fuck there it is the original
logo whoo-hoo just give me the chills
okay so I just called the hotel it's
closed until 2019 you for what together
carrying it down and redoing the whole
thing but they have some rain sitting
inside there if you could not pay me to
do that job
fuck crazy so this is the second time
they've like torn it down and read on it
that must mean though the ghosts are
fucking real I don't come back from that
the gardener's
poof okay we gotta go well guys we're
back in the car not gonna lie that was
kind of a fail kind of okay listen I'm
proud of us for doing something
different you know what we normally do
we usually sit on the couch eat frozen
yogurt barred but tonight we actually
went out did something we went on a
subway we went to a bunch of haunted
abandoned places I feel like that's good
for us but because I feel like we didn't
give you guys a real haunted video like
you were expecting we might as well just
you know give you guys an impromptu
boyfriend tag a question number one
what's your favorite color
no it's like where did you mean no don't
care about that
well my favorite colors blue but they
don't have my fucking favorite color
no first fuck what's your favorite thing
about the other person um your fake
eyelashes I don't why don't worry no
rumor no because they're so good that I
always have a conspiracy theory that
they're fake because they're crazy with
us fucking I'm a lizard person and I
have fake eyelashes what oh my god no
for real we saw a lizard gets tail
chopped off today by a bird I thought of
everything
last question where's your favorite
place to go pee oh definitely outside
Mexico I have proof
see that's real he actually bees outside
with a dog but a queen learner's go
hopefully you enjoyed this date night
vlog venture slash fail side note some
big exciting fucking announcements Ryan
with YouTube channel which has been dead
some might say abandoned and haunted for
a long time is back I mean it wasn't am
really better to begin with so we did a
video over on his channel where he is
Kylie Jenner for the day I still didn't
edited it I'm very proud of it I feel
like it's funny and I'm feeling like I
did a really good job like creating the
vision it's very weird it's the weirdest
fucking thing you've ever seen also go
check it out subscribe and watch the
video of him in a wig and a dress
popping his pussy guys go check it out
put a link right atop description below
and if you guys want us to do any other
date night adventures maybe not scary
stuff because we're not very good at
that I mean like you're not very good at
that
no I think next time we do something
like this we need to make sure that it's
going to work before we leave the house
okay me with everything but also I'm
going to leave the scary videos to you
Garrett Andrew I like doing pretty
things like eating or going to Vegas
popping your pussy talking like pussy I
hope you have fun with that we have fun
with you make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want more weird day
night adventures cousins go to my
channel I double of cuz I make new
videos every day and we're gonna go to
sleep
alright guys
