you know what I have a craving for a
pointless video yeah you want a party ha
hey you want a party girl you wanna
party that's my move don't steal it
catch that was cheating and then in my
yearbook he wrote no matter how hard I
try I will never forget you what the
hell is that supposed to mean oh my god
have you guys seen Kirstie Alley on
Dancing with the Stars she is like so
good here let me show you clip in my bed
yo girl you know my favorite place to be
in between your burns and then he said I
wasn't his type
what hell that sauce mean you know you
can tell a lot about somebody just from
their DVD collection for instance I'm
the pedophile hey everyone welcome to
puppy chat where we talk about
everything puppies what's your favorite
treat no you're supposed to say me have
I ever told you that I have dreams about
you and they're wet mm-hmm oh you're
moving so fast quick now we're gonna
surprise my brother and totally scare
him surprise
deal with the herp oh it's okay I do you
cravings satisfied
