yes that is a song parody that I made
that is never coming out um I did a
spoof own on it really spoof more of
like a cover parody I don't know a
Britney Spears song and it was gonna be
my email character proposing to his emo
girlfriend and I recorded it with David
Choi which was awesome and I just never
made it like I know that sounds really
bad but I just I totally forgot about it
and I had the song and then I felt like
it was too late
and I never made it so there you go that
was it some of you guys were tweeting
like where's the song how was it
I'm sorry I didn't do anything with it
maybe one day I'm actually know from
that so you're probably wondering why
I'm wearing so much makeup right now
it's because it's Friday girl no that's
not why it's actually not even Friday
but it's always Friday in my head
snapped I don't know why I'm snapping
I'm driving this is dangerous
whoa I think I got a hunk that like
three times during my little song oh
well ours
I'm snapping can't you say oh okay
I almost crashed um no I just did a
video would take 180 and they love to
pound the makeup on me I am one ugly
 obviously because every
time I go there I come back looking like
a pound cake say it was cool day where
we just filmed and pounded on the makeup
and I'm just making a vlog because of
bored and I'm driving this traffic so
question of the day what do you do when
you're bored and don't put anything
dirty
because come on let's keep it clean
actually no let's not I like to touch
myself in the car when I'm driving I've
actually ever done that I've it's a
little too far actually no it's not it's
fine it's perfectly far enough I always
have to pee when I'm driving and I
always have like a Gatorade bottle next
to me so I always pee in that and I
always get caught like I always have a
trucker like this guy staring at me
intensely winking you know wondering if
I'm a girl or a boy because he's trying
to figure out what I'm putting in the
hole up my Gatorade bottle cuz it kind
of looks like a vagina lip all right I'm
gonna go this has got an awkward I love
a gas back
