oh there's a place I know where the
people are the show and they're wearing
short shorts and ugly collared shirts
yeah turn it up
yeah somehow yeah everybody knows
something wrong yeah hey what's up you
guys it's me Kasia
how are you like my booty shorts I don't
think holla I feel like she would look
like that like what she talks on camera
well she kind of does red she has a
YouTube channel hey guys it's me Kesha
not ketchup not cash you not catch a lot
of sperm in your mouth well actually
maybe it's me I'm just kidding I love
her well I mean it I love her I don't
know her
but from what I see I fucking love her
I'm not afraid of people who get crazy
you know I'm not afraid of Miley Cyrus
cuz you know she gets crazy ass huh is
that her song I don't know I'm not good
at this I don't really know much about
music all I know is Kesha likes to throw
a better mouth and we're really weird
Lady Gaga inspired makeup that just kind
of looks like she woke up in a
crackheads dungeon but hey who hasn't so
yeah
I'm filming and asked Shane and no it's
not Ke$ha edition Ke$ha does make an
appearance though well I've already told
you what Edition it is but it's Justin
Bieber I'm not giving anything away it
was supposed to be up actually yeah it's
it's going up on Saturday on my main
channel because my ass chains are moving
to my main channel and I'm still why am
I doing this there we go that's better
well that's close hey no but my main
channel is going to be a shame every
other week and then you know normal
normal main channel videos in between
and you would have known this if my
video would have got flagged because I
made a whole video explaining all of
this on my main channel Saturday but it
got flagged so now there's nothing but
this one's going up Saturday and I'm
excited I've already said that but I'm
not shot it there's a lot of dancing a
lot of damn chat a lot of singing a lot
of uh hand movements and some bum it I'm
not gonna lie this is what the floor is
in my apartment look like by the way
from these videos so you guys think like
oh god these
so they're so easy for Shane to make all
he does is turn his camera on and act
stupid no I have to turn my camera on
act stupid and make a mess and not get
my deposit back ever I mean hello I have
a green wall I have a blue wall I have a
ridiculous amount of fucking props
everywhere crap everywhere there is a
pink kitchen they hate me here and oh I
don't wanna give this away there's a
surprise over here on this side of the
room on door number two honey but I
can't give it away but uh actually it's
not for my videos for somebody else but
I don't want to give their shit away
here I'll give you a little hint whoa
whoa oh my god would you see so yeah I'm
gonna go edit this monster and second
channel shit there's probably not gonna
be anything up this week so that's weird
that's kind of depressing it's like the
happening everything just stopped that
was a horrible movie anybody see it that
movie where people are killing
themselves which by the way it looks
like somebody just killed herself here I
have a head fucking blade a bloody
chainsaw and a wig it's just another day
it's Shane's house it's very weird to
sing like that dressed like this I feel
like I should be auto-tune as jazz no
day it chains house that was gross
I'm gonna go love you guys bye
