whoa whoa yes we are playing clue and
this is a game that I haven't played
since I was I don't know net didn't have
friends was all alone and didn't have
anything to do but eat so this isn't
something I've played since last week
okay so explain this game in a nutshell
um basically somebody murdered someone
with a weapon in a location on this game
board and we are going to Detective Lee
try and figure out who it was
so it's basically the story of my high
school oh by the way she probably
introduced you guys you guys already
know Nadine was just her brother
introduce yourself hey my name is Alex
I play clue so here's how I want to do
it I'm gonna show you guys my cards and
you're gonna be playing with me okay
Yuri play with you and we're gonna watch
how competitive this game gets okay
she's gonna get but see now that you're
seeing I'm gonna be competitive I'm not
gonna be putting no I don't think so I
think it doesn't matter I think you're
gonna be competitive in my way so
alright what how do I do this no no you
have to we have to figure out who's
gonna be invited in competitive look at
that language you wearing Canada oh by
the way there honey
so I'm just gonna be giving you guys
updates on this game so we're gonna get
started and I'll be right back with me
winning yeah Wow
alright Nadine is about to make her
first suggestion Miss Scarlet in the
lounge with her father okay so then how
do we tell you if you're wrong enough so
now what's gonna happen is you are gonna
look at your cards and if you have any
of those three hearts you have to
show me one of them oh so this isn't
like one of those games words like you
miss rich backstory all right well then
I'll secretly do it in my head which is
going to be my Paris Hilton voice out
loud JK I'm bored and horny
all right this game better get better oh
my turn just a second purple in the sex
room
what's the bottle of KY Oh Canadian so
I'm guessing professor plum with the
lead pipe in the hall all right you
ready for this so I'm gonna show you the
camera see if I want
so in this combination package well it
should be those three things all right
chris angel' to see if the cards there
oh and Oh BAM yeah yeah all right you
know what you take it you'd be good at
board games and I'll be good at life so
yeah what's your favorite board game I'm
gonna go you guys say goodbye to
everybody all right I'm gonna go Stuart
