guys holy fuck I just did a podcast with
the cast of brother-husbands from TLC
guys man one wife two husband's a lot of
threesomes I have a lot of questions it
was the most intense crazy sexy podcast
with are done right just so sexy
go check it out not mchuggers I come to
I signify hey it was a big-ass yes
welcome back to another conspiracy
theory video now I'm just warning in
today's video might ruin your childhood
and that's because we're gonna be
talking about conspiracy theories that
are all about childhood shows toys
pretty much everything that you thought
was innocent but you thought well okay
so first we're going to talk about toys
now talked about this a lot I'm
fascinated with toys that get released
to the public that have subliminal
messages or that cus I just don't
understand how that happens unless it's
intentional and for some reason the toy
companies want your tapes to hear those
bad things now here's just a few more of
the creepiest kid toys that have said
scariest things and let's start with the
innocent tickle meet everyone's going to
be talking about this this weekend a
mother changes the batteries on her
son's talking Elmo doll and is stunned
to hear what comes out of its mouth you
will be too yeah James oh yeah change
that's right
the Elmo doll is saying kill James
that's the name of the boy who owns the
Elmo knows your name doll
what can you imagine being a kid and
having Elmo say he wants to kill you oh
that one is I don't even understand what
happened there I mean I guess the toy
repeats your name but I don't know why
it started to say kill James
either way it's fucking terrifying now
that could have been a mistake or some
kind of programming pop-up but this next
one was 100% intentional a mother bought
her toddler this princess Wanda the
dollar store behind me imagine her
surprise when the curious little girl
peeled back the foil to find this image
of a girl cutting herself inside
that one is crazy to me I mean literally
what now that one is obviously supposed
to be a prank or something but why is it
in the toy section where the kids are
but even if it is some prank toy and
it's really scary and fault if you look
close enough it's not a drawing it's an
actual picture of the girl sweating
horrific
now there's sometimes the talk and if
you were first in there's any messages
now there's a toy called ruthless which
is part of something like monsters
collection and one woman said that when
she reversed the message something
really creepy hi have you ever wondered
what Rufus the monster T Y monster says
at the beginning the first bit is
backward so for one of the white said so
for how look nor the first bit so it
says rule of things you're so pretty
I've got my eye on you boring I don't
even know what to say about that one
literally I've got my eye on you and
then a boulder sound so it makes me
wonder what's the point of this you know
are these children's toy companies
trying to put subliminal messages to
some help get to your kids brain or are
they just having fun and they think it's
funny to put these like dirty messages
and kids to us either way it's really
fucking creepy but sometimes it is kind
of funny some of the toys that repeat
what you say don't have a filter on it
so whatever you say it will say it fuck
bitches get money
I love that one I actually do by that
okay so now we're going to talk about
some things that are hidden inside of
movies and TV shows
we're going to start with Willy Wonka
damage so obviously when I walk in the
Chocolate Factory is a family film about
a crazy guy who owned the candy factory
and he invites a bunch of kids over to
eat candy and play around and eventually
kills them off one by one
Wow sounds really fucked up when I say
it a lot of mescaline anyways as you
probably remember in the movie there was
a moment where he wanted the kids to
lick the wall check it out go ahead try
it
I got a plum grandfather's bananas
fantastic it tastes a real try some more
the strawberries taste like strawberries
the snozzberries taste like snozzberries
now obviously snozzberry isn't a real
thing like in my head when I was
watching it I just imagined some crazy
berry that was sour and sweet
that's not very actually is real thing
and it's not food so Willie Wonka is
based on the book that was written by
little doll and he wrote another book
here is next there's only one way when
they get violent
yasmin said I grab hold of a snozzberry
and hung on to it like grim death and
gave it a twist or two to make him hold
do ya NAS berry it's slang for a dick
which changes a lot of things when you
re watch that part of the strawberries
taste like strawberries
the snozzberries taste like snozzberries
he's telling the children that they
taste like day that is just like I don't
know one so that one was disturbing but
kind of funny these next ones are just
disturbing now I'm sure you guys know
this show The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
which was on the Disney it's a show
about two boys that lives in a hotel and
have fun now the shows on the Disney
Channel why would there be anything
crazy hidden in there well as you guys
know Disney have some of the craziest
things hidden in every
TV shows and this is okay and one scene
where the boys are in class if you pause
it and look at the chalkboard behind
them you will see something crazy what
literally is said the Illuminati right
there why would that be it what would
the purpose of that be but this isn't
the only kids show that has Illuminati
symbols I mean first of all the fairly
oddparents is covered in Illuminati
symbols I mean people have been
screenshotting those ones for years the
kids alter-ego name is Timmy triangle
which is literally the symbol of the
Illuminati now even in the show
DuckTales
if you freeze the picture you'll see in
the background there's an eye chart that
says ask about the lumenok but then in
another shot the letters have been
scrambled it doesn't say that so clearly
that was on purpose they wanted that one
shot where it said ask about Illuminati
but then they didn't want it in any
dealers which makes it even more if you
like to listen early so you're probably
wondering why what's the point of this
the whole point of the Illuminati
putting their symbols on shows and
movies and music it declaimed their
territory I look like how a dog pees on
certain things that he wants to claims
his own the Illuminati wants to claim
television movies and they're doing a
pretty good job
the next time you're watching a kids
show be on the lookout it'll be
something okay now this next one is a
theory about the show with the place so
the Flintstones was a cartoon that is
back in the 1960s about a family that
lived in the prehistoric times or deep a
there's a theory that the Flintstones
actually live in the future
now no you're thinking the future they
literally live like cavemen
but what if there was a nuclear war and
what if the Flintstones were just women
the many families that had to start over
now the theory makes sense considering
the show was created around the time of
the Cold War and that was when Americans
were terrified of Russia sending a
nuclear attack
so maybe the creators of the show were
inspired by that thought what would it
be like if we had this time from scratch
so this would explain a lot of things
because number one why were the
Flintstones doing things that look like
things we do and we just look at this
clip of the Flintstones creating a
record player at the bird and stone
okay let's spin a disc the employee on
our song right now if this is a
prehistoric cave family how do they even
know what a record is how do they know
what a record machine looks like how
would they know to create one and not
only that they have TVs made at rocks
they have Christmas trees and Christmas
party how do they even know what
Christmas is
they have banks they have fake money
even at one point put on wigs and played
guitar and pretended to be good people
well is that because all of these things
are what the moon look for them or are
they trying to recreate society as they
remembered it now I know a lot of you
guys are probably thinking I don't know
Shane you're overthinking this
they just were probably having fun and
they're like oh it'll be so funny to see
a bird that's also a vacuum or shower
that's made out of
and trunk I think it's more than that I
think these show creators were very
smart and they wanted to see something
they wanted to say hey guys look what
could happen if we go to war and that
could still happen with what's going on
in the world right now so you're ready
to be watching youtube videos on a rock
okay so we talked about the Illuminati
putting creepy things inside of movies
and TV shows - let's talk about a lot of
other images some of these are found out
about I couldn't believe that leaving
attention just look at this clip of the
movie Harry Potter and in the background
sex is written on
yeah literally on the wall right there
for all of us to see what would the
point of that why I mean where the
producers just having fun and thought it
would be kind of funny or were they
trying to put sex in your kids faces but
this isn't feeling creepy in that I've
seen in the Harry Potter movie I mean
just look at one of the characters
costumes now the character Bellatrix
Lestrange I might have put your that in
if you look closely at her custom you
will see that there is a 666 right by
her hand I mean that was just literally
right there like they clearly put that
there for a reason so makes you wonder
what else is hidden inside of Harry
Potter I bleed a lot okay now speaking
of Harry Potter this next one involves
the Harry Potter world and also a
terrifying show called Teletubbies now
talk to my the Teletubbies before they
fucking scare the shit out of me I never
understood why kids watched it it
literally is the creepiest people
creature things running around looking
fucking terrifying and don't get me
started on the big baby sound thing
we've talked about that before it's more
climb well here's a couple theories
about the Teletubbies so what if I were
to tell you that there is a link or
correlation between the Teletubbies and
Harry Potter well the first link is
obvious the Teletubbies were on the BBC
Harry Potter is from the UK so that
already is a link a little closer at the
actual content let's look at the yellow
line what's on a tag looks like a
lightning bolt and then on the purple
one's head try the green ones head
straight line and then red ones head
circle who else had a lightning bolt on
their head but if you take the other
three and you put their symbols together
you could dissemble Deathly Hallows
and come on that one is fucking crazy
there has to be a link I don't know why
why they would do this now I've never
actually seen the Teletubbies because
I'm too fucking terrified but I can't
even imagine how many more symbols that
are in that show and I'm not the only
one that feels that way when that show
originally came out people petitioned
for it not to be shown to fiction
parents believed that the show is trying
to brainwash kids and one of the reasons
they said that was because the theme
song repeats the same thing over and
over and over again for no reason the
parents thought that was a way of
turning on the brainwashing effect on
their kid similar to hypnosis if you
repeat something enough times maybe you
can start to get in in case you forgot
here's a clip that just sounds like some
straight-up brainwashing to me also just
to ruin your childhood even more and
give you something nightmares I don't
know if you're aware of this but the
Teletubbies are not small little fun
creatures in real life the Teletubbies
are ten feet tall look at this picture
look at that look at the tall man next
to them compared to how tall they are
got a fucking horrifying imagine these
huge 10-foot tall beasts running around
the grass frolicking and rolling around
and playing literally the scariest thing
I could imagine I mean just imagine
seeing Teletubbies out in the real world
and what they would look like that is
what my hair is now in the same theme of
hidden messages and stuff this one
literally changed my life
I cannot unsee this now look at the top
of Elmo girl just take a look yeah we
know that logo I definitely see that
little bill a lot we'll get ready
because I'm about to change your fucking
life now look closer at the Bell in that
logo and think about a reptile
literally I cannot unsee it that's a
fucking reptile I I don't care how you
spin it or how many of you are like
chained you're crazy
look at it that literally is a wick how
I just put it next to erect I look at
the side-by-side
oh god that one whoever gives me the
flying chills and that's one that's so
crazy to me because it's been there my
whole life and I've never seen it so it
makes you wonder who's in control the
pastor who's in control of the whole
fast-food industry is the reptile pee
okay now the class serie involves
Disneyland which I get to a whole video
just on that but as you guys know a lot
of bad things happen I mean there is a
long list of people that have been
decapitated on the ride crushed to death
thrown from a ride there have been so
many unlucky things that have happened
at it it makes you wonder why well maybe
Disneyland
now I know you're thinking Shane why
would a theme park be haunted it's so
fun and there's rides and food and big
Mickey Mouse's running around and
smiling well what if I were to tell you
that there's also thousands of dead
bodies all right now let me explain
supposedly Disneyland is one of the most
popular places for people to take their
relatives ashes and strenght now back in
2007 one woman was kicked out because
she was seeing dumping some kind of
ashes into the water of the Pirates of
the Caribbean right so next time you go
to Disneyland think about the fact that
you might be breathing in dead people
but also think about this all of these
dead bodies all those ashes what is the
reason that people die on rides at
Disneyland is because the dead bodies
that are already there one what if they
just want more people like then at the
party well two of the rides at
Disneyland that are known to be the most
haunted or the Haunted Mansion and it's
a small way and guess what else those
rights those are the two most popular
places at Disneyland
that people throw their ashes whoo-hoo
another reason for me never to go to
Disneyland there guys go hopefully you
enjoyed all of those conspiracy theories
and just creepy stories about your
childhood and I just want to say I'm
sorry if you are now triggered every
time you drive by Taco Bell
because I know aya all right you guys if
you want more conspiracy theory videos
please give me a thumbs up so I know
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
my other conspiracy theory videos I'll
put a link to a playlist right a puffing
Scratchy right you guys look out for any
symbols they are everywhere bye
