oh just shut up and drive drive drive
drive
I'm Rihanna and I have a big crazy wig
and I'm african-american that kind of
rhymed is she black or she Cuban not the
same thing oh my god brain twister
she's like Nicole Richie you just never
know except I think there's a little bit
of American Indian and Nicole and I just
don't trust her hey guys I'm in my car
and I'm waiting for adrena Patridge oh
my god here she comes
Audrina oh no oh oh let me oh okay wait
okay hold it one okay I got it
No hold it hold it when I hit it hit it
when I hold it
I'm getting so turned on by this touch
it feel it stroke it
pin it oh oh and I'm done hair Drina how
are you doing
oh it's fiji water the only time I've
ever had water in Fiji I had massive
diarrhea and I woke up naked on a beach
with an Italian man I wouldn't go with
hot I'd go with if I'm desperate and
hungry it works I want to make out I
take that laughter as a yes oh my god
you guys I found a haunted sink watch
I'm not even touching it oh my god oh my
god they have a vending machine for as
though do they have any soul laughs just
ice drops what are we in kindergarten
how's the bathroom Audrina Audrina why
were you just walking like a black
person oh my god she's gonna steal
everything from Old Navy and wear it
like it's cute I don't know why but I
just want to come on their faces oh my
god
oh my god I'm shaking I'm totally having
a freakout right now hold my hand for me
keep me steady okay I'm good
hey guys we just got back from the
movies what we see Audrina how did you
like it on a scale of one to five dicks
on a scale from Asian to black guy I'd
give it a Cuban all right well we're
gonna go say goodbye to all my viewers
what should I call them they should have
a name right oh my god how about my
little tweets how about my little
hotties or my little fat nasty pigs how
about my little coke whores okay you
guys you decide leave a comment down in
my slippery slope and tell me what you
want to be called I can't believe that
we made out last night talk to the hand
cause the face don't give a damn I'm
horny
