there was a girl who became a swan but
then her boyfriend dumped her and she
killed herself this is that story ding
ding meaning do some ballerina moves
ding ding ding ding ding ding natalie
portman stars in ding ding ding ding the
Black Swan this is Natalie Portman
you're better than Natalie Portman so no
this is Wendy at take 180 and she's one
of my favorite people in the entire
world this is where you're supposed to
say you look like you're constipated so
she was trying to explain to me what
Black Swan was because we're filming a
spoof and I have no idea I've never seen
the movie so give me your explanation
again stomach so I didn't understand
this so when he's gonna show me what she
means wait really get into it well now
I'm gonna go see the movie because I've
never seen that on the big screen so
here's our question of the day what
movie have you not seen that you want to
see what's yours
you look like what did I just do here
you know what to make it up for you I'm
gonna do it too okay your legs look like
they're not attached we're gonna go
this has gotten weird oh that's right
your question you didn't answer I
interrupted you
what's my movie I haven't seen anything
I mean Black Swan ahem I just saw it now
on the floor twice alright pick one
before we go hurry up Toy Story 3 the
one where the guy gets his arm chopped
off that's what I'm playing what Harry
Potter I haven't seen any hair parties
of you oh fuck you know what then you're
just a movie buff I want to see no
strings attached I disagree I would
rather see you masturbate for three
hours
