hey guys Paris here and I stole Shane's
camera and I found this plant that looks
like a bird isn't it hot look at its
hair Hey oh my god who's this you can't
breath man
oof oh hi so like what are you guys I
don't know
aliens from planet hi it's like what are
you doing here no fuckin shame hey guys
yeah obviously it's not Paris oh my god
did I just Wizard of Oz you all are you
so overwhelmed and confused now that
Paris isn't my skin hey no we are here
at where the fuck are we oh that's some
building and there's birds and there's a
fountain and there's empty tables so
this feels like a set up for a scary
movie that I don't like with a what you
can clean up afterwards like if you get
fountain I thought you said with a fat
something oh well well well hey hey so
um okay while we're here while we're
waiting for something to happen which I
really don't know really buttoning so
smite her had us big brain in it let's
compare okay
I don't think I saw that it just knocked
a melon how big is the head leave a
comment leave a comment whose head is
bigger I'm gonna go with mine I'm gonna
go with mine dude I'm on my team
well hey who's there a dirty joke please
your lady and you're wearing a nice
dress so I'm not going to I was gonna
say you you give good head
aren't you guys see see you later
hopefully we get into wherever we're
going
