Monday Tuesday happy days Wednesday
Thursday happy days happy day
Santa donut I don't really know the
words it's Saturday it's happy days it's
try to do each happy day
Saturday and chained us in in Sheneneh
it's Saturday
hey what's up it is Saturday which means
there's a brand new video on my main
channel and an iPhone video that makes
no sense cuz I don't really think about
these before film em so you're getting
some raw crazy shit some amateur rough
you know what I'm getting at
okay so uh so yeah main channel video
check it out if you haven't hopefully
you liked it it was a Sheneneh crazy one
if it's not flagged already girls
fingers crossed balls crossed toes
crossed crossed um so this video is
random because okay how do I start okay
today was the best day of my life just
throwing it out there
before I get into why let me just give
you some background information let's
take a look at this this is my little
Titanic keepsake that my brother got me
for Christmas
um right here on my lamp right above a
really creepy picture of a dog and a
teddy bear that sings
really creepy
there's my stash but this is you know
this is what I look at every day when
I'm getting ready and then over here
let's look at the poster that I haven't
found a place for you but I've had it
forever and it's framed and it's it's
there and I walk past it every day and
I'm like one day I'm gonna make a
Titanic one day Titanic with wigs no but
it's okay so that's the background so
let me show you something that happened
that is crazy
so okay I go to this dinner tonight with
the movie company who I kind of have
like you know a relationship with I
don't know what to call it we're all
friends and they make movies and
whatever so they're cool so they're like
hey come to this dinner there's gonna be
a few youtubers it's you know you're
gonna get to see a new movie like a free
screening or whatever on my hell is
there free chicken I'm down free say man
what can I wear my jacket because I
don't really dress up of course
everybody else was dressed up except for
me so that was uncomfortable so I look
down and I see
okay so pretend like this is a table
okay this is a table of people but it's
empty cuz there's a little nametags cuz
I'm the first one there surprise I'm a
nerd
so I look down and I'm like oh Shane
Dawson that's my little name on a low
name tag
I wonder who I'm next to not it up
fucking James Cameron well we do a way
oh yeah I did as in Titanic a James
Cameron film what yes dude I about died
so I'm sitting next to Britney who's on
my other side and I'm like okay that
means he's coming over here that means
he's gonna be here that means it's
sitting next to me that means I'm gonna
be eating next to him that means I have
to act really classy and I'm already
wearing my shitty sweatshirt and he's
like my hero and I'm like okay but I'm
not gonna act like a fanboy I'm just
gonna sit there and be like hey what's
up James how you doing Jimmy can I call
you Jimmy if whatever we're BFFs no I
freeze like crazy and of course Britney
being the awesome person she is goes hey
James
Ted Shan is like a super fan and he even
changed his
from Shane Yatta Shane Dawson because
Titanic and I'm like oh my god
he knows I'm crazy now I have to own up
to it so of course I did and I said yes
I'm obsessed with your movie it got me
my family through a lot of tough times I
watched it 22 million bajillion times we
went to the theater and saw it five
times and I want to be you and I'm in
love with you and I changed my name to
Shane Dawson because of Jack Dawson from
Titanic and he just looked at me and he
was like that's great like he wasn't
creeped out by it and I was like okay
security was not called so it was
amazing and we talked and he was super
awesome
hopefully it was you know hopefully he
wasn't scared I mean maybe he was but we
talked about movies and Titanic and
other stuff and he was a super cool and
it was like the best moment ever because
I mean there's two heroes that I had Wes
Craven and James Cameron and I already
told you guys when I met Wes Craven a
few months ago that was I mean the fact
that I've met my two heroes in like the
last six months
holy shit Who am I gonna meet next
Dakota Fanning I would die I love that
little crazy bitch although I kind of
want to go in a time machine so I could
meet her before she grew up because now
it's kind of creepy because she's like
older so it's it's weird that I'm like
hey what's up cuz it looks like I'm
trying to tap that and not um but yeah I
just wanted to tell you guys about it
because I'm such a nerd and I just you
guys are like my friends so I wanted to
tell you about my crazy night and it's
all because of you guys because you know
the only reason I'm getting invited to
these shindigs is because I make youtube
videos and because people watch them I'm
sure if I was you know Shane working a
Jenny Craig I wouldn't be getting called
to go eat chicken with James Cameron so
it was it was crazy and you know like I
don't take it for granted because number
one I'm not famous and I probably will
never be number two that's not what I'm
trying to do but the fact that I can
make videos for you guys spend all my
time making them for you guys and then
get little gifts like that it's so it's
like such a blessing and it's it's it's
a dream like I met my hero that's crazy
so here's my question of the day who is
your hero and who do you want to meet
who's somebody that you would act like a
nerd like like I'm acting right now
leave a comment or video response let me
know and yeah James if you're watching
this
this is all I have to say to you
security see you guys later
