good you been answer your guess who I'm
with oh my god it's ain't office what
the what's going on how is things
going on your Shane iPhone channel is
this for a Shane iPhone video maybe is
it so weird though we're like do you
just like upload it and hit a button yep
well you're making me dizzy why are you
moving to the silent movie so here we
are at the Teen Choice Awards and Shane
is nominated of course for on choice web
star Shane say something nice about I
just seen your competition putting her
hair looks beautiful and she looks like
an amazing porn star well did she say
amazing porn star just porn star the MTV
Movie Awards or whatever last time this
little book are you from the mansion
like honey and you should not be
watching I know have a like a five year
old no no
