hey what's up you guys it is would you
rather Saturday see that I got that
whole DJ beatboxing thing I don't even
need an auto tuner my voice does it
watch ready um yo yo girl hey yeah
you're right
I'm never doing that again okay so it's
would you rather time and I know we used
to do this on Fridays but fuck it it's
Saturday let's do it
two questions would you rather have
Parmesan cheese dandruff or bubble wrap
acne oh god that's hard I don't really
get I got pimples a lot when I was a kid
and I don't really get them too much
anymore except for like next to my
nipples which is kind of weird but um I
love popping pimples I fucking I look I
love how I said I don't get pimples and
I have a fat temple right here oh I
don't get pimples except for this fat
ass fucking pussy one right here which
by the way side note but those stupid
Proactiv commercials have you seen those
we're like celebrities are like I had
like Paris Hilton AHA a pimple um ruin
my life and then the before picture is
like this one little probably a mole or
something and then it's like gone and
she's like I'm now I have more
confidence sort of hour half before fuck
you um no I'm just kidding I love you
Paris so yeah I would say Parmesan
cheese dandruff because you can't really
like say if you have like bubble wrap
pimples you can't be like oh it's just
oh these aren't pimples but if you like
Parmesan cheese dandruff you could just
be like oh I fell in a pizza you know
again why does this always happen on
Fridays so you could just you know
bullshit that so I'd say that the next
question I feel like we've already done
before but I'm gonna ask it again
anyways would you rather sneeze out of
your ass or fart out of your nose I
think that's a very easy one I would
much rather fart out of my nose because
you could just say oh I sneeze weird
unless does it smell like shit because
then that's it's like having shit breath
but I don't your note which by the way I
had shit breath yesterday and all day I
was smelling something I'm like
somebody's not fresh this is disgusting
and then I realized huh
tis I because I didn't brush my teeth
for three days because I got busy no I
just forgot that's even worse
yeah so you're probably wondering you
can probably see it I have a rash all
around my mouth because I was wearing a
lot of lipstick if you didn't see my new
video it's up right now I'll put a link
and I wore a lot of lipstick in it what
else is doing right and yeah so I have a
red I'm looking at right now you could
I'm editing it it's almost done and I
was looking at it I'm like oh my god I
wish there was a special effect that
could make me look like a man because
right now I look like a cheap whore hey
yeah that's about it hope you guys like
the new video today it's long it's ten
or eleven minutes or something but I
don't know I have fun doing those
hopefully you like watching them I'll
stop if you want me to um but yeah would
you rather time I will see you guys next
week for more would you rather and ask
about it leave your comments in the
comment section I'm gonna keep talking
until I turn the camera off goodbye
malice Harris smaller
