hey what's up guys it is Saturday not
Friday which means I fucked up and I
forgot to do would you rather Friday so
today it's going to be would you rubber
Saturday it's kind of the same right no
I know I'm sorry I fucked up but we're
gonna play all right I don't know what
question to find cuz these are all
pretty boring but I found a couple funny
ones that I wanted to share this one is
would you rather get to second base with
Jessica Simpson or go all the way with
Tara Reid hmm
poor Tara Reid remember her before she
was Tara Reid
no me neither okay so here's a question
I think is kind of funny although a lot
of you guys are like probably 12 years
old so it's a little inappropriate but
when does that stop me before right okay
would you rather have a sexual partner
that talks to you like a motivational
speaker during sex or a partner that
talks to you like a bad cop interrogator
hmm okay let me think this through so
the motivational speaker would probably
be like oh yeah oh you're doing good
you're doing really good you're doing a
lot better than you should be you're in
a good place right now you know what you
should do you should follow your dreams
oh okay I'm there or they would be the
bad cop and they would be like oh yeah
no no what did you what are you doing
what did you see
do you taste it do cops eat I don't I
don't know I've never been interrogated
but I'm guessing that's what it is I'm
guessing those are the questions um I
would say the motivational speaker
because I am you know I have no
self-confidence anyways and I have very
low self-esteem and I completely hate
myself
so motivational speaker while they're
raping me would be great they would be
like Oh Shane oh yeah you know you could
really just follow your dreams and you
know maybe even get a TV show you know
you just got to work hard sign me up
that sounds great um yeah what would you
guys do let me pick a clean question if
you're
age and you don't want to answer that
question which is ridiculous
but let's pick a clean one would you
rather see if these are all boring okay
who would you rather beat Paris Hilton
or Perez Hilton very good luck cuz those
are two actually know how to kind of
like Paris Hilton because she talks like
boss um everything's like hey that's hot
or no she doesn't say that anymore now I
was huge which doesn't make any sense
because Paris Hilton saying huge is like
you know me saying sexy because I'm not
wow yeah so leave your comments let's
play would you rather I'm talking like a
crazy person and it's been like three
minutes I'm looking at the clock because
I haven't slept yet it is Saturday
morning and I just uploaded my video by
the way if you haven't seen it check it
out I'll put a link in my pooper
Croucher I don't know I haven't slept
yet so now I'm gonna go to bed I've been
up for 48 hours
alright see the bags oh my god I'm Tara
Reid oh god bless your soul
