hey what's up you guys it is 2:00 in the
morning and I am with my friend Tony hi
and we have been working on this fucking
video for you guys you'll see Saturday
like all my trying to make the music
perfect cuz he's into music so he can
make music sound what's a word for it
like musical like music like orgasmic
music so I thought you know he worked
really hard for me so how should I repay
him should I give him money no what
should I give him sexual favors later
you're welcome
how about I feed him some bean boozled
now I don't know if anybody knows what
these are this is not a product these
are but your jelly beans delicious jelly
beans that are flavored like you know
orange banana baby wipes booger moldy
cheese caramel flavors so um a lot of
people don't like these which i think is
weird so I thought maybe you maybe you
would how do we do this
I don't know well the game is kind of
retarded so just ignore that but oh okay
you just put that in your mouth what is
it what it oh oh oh is it barf is it bar
is it
I don't know mmm I think this is baby
wipe I want to try this
oh my god it's barf right it's bean
boozled bitch you been boozled all right
here clean it up with some baby how
about this one
all right and it looks like baby shit
well it looks like crap that sounds
great alright
oh my god what is that that is
centipedes a poop burn oh well oh you're
just eating them like nom nom oh by the
way Toni's channel it's called
blackboxtv okay so basically it's gonna
be like horror scary shit which I'm into
and I want to be in it I haven't told
them this yet but I want to have my own
video dude which shit ain't it here's my
question to you guys what should I do
a scary video right because you he
directs horror stuff so I want to do a
really scary video leave a comment what
should I do what would be scary what
scares you me public bathrooms I'm dead
serious because public bathroom out so
maybe a scary video about though I don't
know leave a comment tell me what you
guys think and maybe he'll do it with me
alright maybe hair way you should give
them one of these guys alright this one
is for you this one is called toothpaste
that's for you did you guys have such
dirty mouths like me
