hey what's up you guys I am outside
right now hanging out with the bitches
what's up Charlie
Miley get up for the people your lazy
bitch no all right
Charlie what do you want to say to
everybody I love you guys you guys are
so awesome
nope you just want to slobber on me all
right Miley what do you want to say to
everybody hey Charlie he already said
something fucking you know wait for me
what are you eating
what the hell is that yeah Miley Oh
stretch your little legs look at that
ass Oh chunky monkey well that's about
it today oh I got them a little pool
because they were always getting jealous
of me when I was swimming so I got them
a baby pool with with octopuses on it
don't you like pussy octopuses Charlie
Charlie come up here go go go Charlie go
come on see now he's not even gonna do
it okay go yay come on come on you can
do it you can do it you can do it come
on please people are waiting this is
embarrassing come on yeah oh good job
you get nothing
I'm a horrible owner
