Wow what's up you guys it is Friday
which means it's would you rather toy I
need like a theme song for it
would you rather over stuff that was
horrible okay so this one isn't that
gross but it's kind of interesting it's
would you rather be able to fast-forward
life or rewind it I don't know so what I
rather okay here's my question if I
rewind life then what would happen if I
did something differently in the past
would that up my future kind of
like that really shitty movie with Zac
Efron wasn't it that guy from where he
like went back in the past and he
stepped on something and then he ended
up having a foot on his head I think
that was a dream I had I don't think
that was a movie interesting well I
don't know like wouldn't that stuff
up but if you fast-forward life
everything would be the way it was
supposed to be I'm talking way too much
on my on drugs a little bit yeah I don't
know what would you guys rather do I
think I'd rather fast forward life and
not like that much only in places like
and then a line for a ride or something
and it's like two-hour wait I'm like Zul
class forward I guess this is what what
you do to fuzz board I don't know
see yeah I leave a comment video
response let me know yeah it's the
weekend I'm excited tomorrow I'm putting
up a video on my main channel about my
vacation to Disneyland or Disney World
it's not a normal sketch video it's like
a kind of hanging out with my family
video but I don't really have time to
make a normal shanaynay video but I'm
working on one for next week I'll give
you a hint
Sheneneh with the metal detector
hilarity could ensue I don't even know
what this faces I'm going to go have a
good weekend you guys I love you keep a
gangster and would you rather
