hey let's if you guys happy Sunday hope
you're having a good weekend okay I
wanted to give you guys something
special and I'm really really excited
about this who knows really excited to
he's wet and it's all over me so as you
guys know I have my podcast that goes up
every week on SoundCloud in iTunes but I
also have the video version of the
podcast on the full screen app well we
just revamped the whole show bitch we
got new sets we got new cameras new
lighting we even have drew on the show
now he's in every episode he's behind a
piano it's everything and our first
episode back is Farrah Abraham's mom and
I don't want to give too much away but
we play with Ferriss fake pussy with her
mom bitch fuck Mia so I wanted to post a
long clip here so you guys can see what
the shows like what it feels like so
this is a 15-minute clip of me Jess and
Drew talking about youtubers and which
ones we think we could fight so enjoy
that and I will see you guys right
afterward
okay we're gonna play this game that I
really want to play because I saw Jenna
and Julian doing this on their podcast
and I thought was so fun this game is
called fight or give up okay journey
you're invited how come actually wait
drew give us a theme song try to give up
Oh should you fight should you run from
the game oh here's to the gate oh my
gravy ah I like that that was good okay
so I'm gonna go to a list of should we
do celebrities you're youtubers mmm
little mix of both cuz you know I don't
know them YouTube is alright well start
with youtubers so um the game is I'm
gonna name a youtuber and you were going
to tell me if you would fight them or if
you would give up and if they fight or
verbal fight physical fight okay and um
if you could fight them if you would
give up or and how would you fight them
and would you win now I know it sounds
like a scary game but Jenna and Julian
did it and it was fun and they said that
they would fight me and that they would
win and I I agree with I don't know no I
disagree yeah
this is why right because I feel like
you would go crazy like you'd like flip
that gene like when my brother you see
that me when you follow me and like oh
you went too far oh yeah I feel just
like I can eyes bugging out of your head
your fucking claws coming out and just
fucking just not fighting well not like
punching a honey but like flailing and
being crazy where they leave you know
what this is interesting I was gonna
bring this up but I will now um when I
was a kid I have my family my dad side
is very strong and powerful and scary um
and when I was my dad stronger my dad's
problem real its my dad can break a
phone book in half yeah your dad I don't
want it take knowledge we need you guys
know but um I had this moment when I was
maybe 11 and I was got I got to a fight
with my dad and I was really upset and I
don't even know where it came from but I
literally took a wooden chair and I
crushed it in my hand
oh my god and my family was terrible how
did you fit oh yeah
I literally like so here's like the wood
chair right so like it's like a rounded
chair uh I was holding it in a Christian
and I literally crushed wood that sounds
like we realize you have powers yeah
it was like Hanukkah and everybody's
like oh my god like the inner anger is
coming out my mom would say throughout
my life like no shame you have this
thing inside of you and you know just
gotta be careful because if you get too
angry and it's true I've had moments
where I could like I could if I get
angry enough I could break the world I
believe that yeah I mean I don't know
test me that's such a great song yeah I
think I got angry enough I could break
ah can I hear it Joe oh I keep doing the
defy God I would break the world I love
that I love that I love it too okay put
you on the spot here we go right first
person first youtuber um Joey Graceffa
fight or give up fight ha ha ha
wait does it mean you want to fight them
or just like you think you you think you
could win no like would you try if they
a fake if oh here's the if they're
coming at you with a knife they are
going to kill you
would you take it or would you fight
them Joey okay Joey um I think he could
beat me up no no here's why I would
fight Joey because I feel like he is
emotional like me and I know his buttons
and I know his triggers and I know his
past I read his autobiography afterwards
I would I wouldn't go for a punch I
would go verbal and I would say one
thing that would about his childhood I
would trigger him he'd be so triggered
that he would be sure the rumble he'd be
shook yeah he'd fallen to the floor his
dogs would go and lick up his tears
Daniel is just hugging his granules holy
laughing yeah Daniel now yo man yeah
okay next person um it's a fun game I
love this game it's my favorite list of
youtubers sorry I'm going to Google a
superwoman Billy yes oh I was thinking
the cartoon I was like I fight that
bitch she got lots of a trigger a new
man um Oh see I feel like she would bust
out some crazy like hair trick Medusa
lasso strangle thing right and mate like
but that's why I would fight her
because I could use her hair as a weapon
it is very long I could take her hair
wrap it around her own neck and choke
her to death or or I could like kind of
like back away every time she came at me
with a knife and slowly lead her
somewhere where her hair could get stuck
uh-huh she's stuck there you know I do I
always thought that my hair would get
stuck if I was ever on double dare and
they had to go through that like rubber
bands like jungle gym thing and that
would be like my hair would get stuck in
there I hurt somebody would never know I
would like get her close to like I don't
know I'm a meat grinder something where
could get stuck like a fan yeah we're
like no.1 molar yes all that shit for
anything that rotates would you find
superwoman okay um I see I didn't know
knives were allowed because that's what
I was thinking with Joey that he would
grab a knife and just stab the shit uh
but um if if superwoman is allowed a
knife is well I mean anyone can do
things with a knife and I feel like I
would I would get the knife and I do a
little fake out one and I meet you
scared and it'd be too late
and then they'd kill me so I think I'd
lose okay are you a fast runner a
long-distance runner
yeah um okay how about doo doo doo
PewDiePie hmm is he's a little video
gamer I don't think he's little I think
you take away I think he's like seven
foot tall I feel like he's tall I said
does that matter
is tall a weakness because I could like
get him at the knees yes like I'd like a
giraffe mm-hmm mm-hmm
I feel like PewDiePie I would not fight
him because I feel like he's a lot of
inner rage as do I especially lately
with all these controversies I feel like
he's slowly building up a lot of anger
toward everybody which I agree with
because he's always in a controversy so
I don't want to be the person who he
snaps on mmm
I would definitely fight his ass cuz
he's used to fighting in video games not
real life kickers oh that's actually a
good point how about you drew oh of
course
you fight him yeah you think you win no
I mean I don't care Oh Trisha Paytas oh
I would not know
hahaha hell no she is the type like you
know I said when I was a kid I broke a
chair with my hand ray she's a type that
could she probably broke her trailer
bitch
I believe you probably punched a hole
through I think I don't know if she ever
actually grew up in a trailer I feel
like she's had so many lives but I feel
like or when she was a stripper I feel
like she probably up Matt's I'm like
John is that what they call sound I just
like ripped that pull and stabbed on the
head I just feel like her super-powered
throw like rhinestones that but like
mine went through you you know like
bullets
hell no bullet rhinestones I've never
seen her get super angry I mean we've
had our differences you know as all
friends do never seen her get super
angry but I feel like it's there I feel
it and it's almost as bad as mine if not
maybe tad bit worse yeah and um if we
fought each other we both die and that's
not great I mean you think so yeah cuz
we both had our childhood anger on each
other and then it would end in blood I
actually think mine too I would we would
someone would die I would probably die
with Trish hmm right I feel a little bad
I'd suffocate her on her own tits oh you
know we should do we should do former
guests of the show oh look I have a
laptop now guys I know it's great I need
to utilize mine okay searching Shane and
friends okay so let's see my typing sock
here we go looking for people to find
I'm looking to see who's right for me to
stab in the fucking head with a knife
okay we great I love having you here
drew I really I love you really oh yeah
it's ah this is so can um - to - where
did did that where did that do you want
to do a pass guest yeah I'm going to
pass guest mmm
Danna Tana mojo hmm I thought her I'd
fight him on a be hard dick everybody
hard cuz she's like a little sister
daughter to me I feel like she would
just be fuckin like rat dirty like hair
pulling me in the face no I think she's
all talk about it I think she's sweet
and sensitive and I think it's all
affront I think she'd go for the hair
yeah I think she definitely would go for
that so I think I could very easily step
on her neck
no you could step on anyone's neck if
they're sleeping
oh that's why I don't like to sleep in
public places that's why I have like a
very big fear about falling asleep in
public place doesn't everybody liked
airplanes especially Oh God public
Trevor Moran Trevor Moran sleigh I would
fight her so hard oh look at that wind I
wouldn't want to because she's sweet but
like I definitely kick some ass um that
would be her too because he's like my
child too
um but I could step on his neck my
parents need to beat children sometimes
oh my god teach my lesson sure do you
think you could beat up I wouldn't know
I wouldn't want to touch I wouldn't want
to hurt me neither I know I got a good
one cupcake uh no he'll know that life
she's had I've heard the songs of her
the lyrics nah uh-uh her nails
I've seen her hoops seen her nipples I'm
not really nipples Oh girls yeah she
came on her show know too much about her
she came on her show with her nipples
out she was wearing a sensible tank top
but it was mesh in like Jersey like like
basketball jersey see-through I call it
the zoom the phone bingo
yeah it was pretty interesting all right
she was really sweet though our final
blonde yes our final one is going to
lead us into the next portion of the
show you give us a fun obscene sigh my
bad I got excited to see you is a fun
bouncy song about Farrah Abraham are
clean Farrah
god what she wanted
we don't know what it is yet haha really
great um guys fight or give up Farrah
Abraham edition woo I mean I'm not one
that gives up very easily right fun okay
if okay it depends is she post up like
did she just have a surgery no she's
like fit and ready right now
no I'm sure I just had a surgery I could
rip out those stitches and get a wound
well yeah of course you bring her down
if she is healed yeah difference doc um
I don't know she has as much anger as
trician me of maybe actually more but
she'd hurt your feelings too don't
forget
right right she would be calling me the
f-word yeah she would be throwing out a
lot she would the r-word it would be all
the words uh ya know that would be scary
she would make me cry she would call me
fat and I be done me and Joey be on the
floor crying yeah right just in the pile
what would you do
um I would fight her just for the
experience right I don't know if I'd win
I'd like to think I'd win because I just
I'm very competitive like that but if I
were given that golden opportunity I
wouldn't just walk away from it you know
right the golden opportunity a fair
Abraham running at you with a knife yeah
if I was given the golden opportunity
come at me Farrah I watch Criminal Minds
I watch Law & Order I know what to do ah
drew if she came out with me with a
knife with a full speed get out I'll get
up Rayna I'm okay I feel like I do like
some kind of clever maneuver I didn't do
with someone where I move out of the way
really quick and they leap over me they
go for someone else
like I trick her somehow she does seem
easily trick yeah
blonde do now she's really blonde I
should ask her mom if she'd fight or
give up I'm in right good idea right
hold on we're writing it down I have a
lot of notes for her sweetness oh gee um
okay do you have any fear Abraham news
oh I do I forgot to convince what we
were doing at hello where is she
yeah I love that
yeah today I'm gonna pick up um so I'm
speaking since we will have be having
the lovely Deb's oh gee joining us thank
god oh my god oh my god okay
there is um she's getting married what
Deb's oh geez getting married oh I
thought you said oh oh yeah oh that's oh
that's right
somebody getting married oh no wait oh I
know it's a good song joy to the world
Deb's oh gee has come um and she says
that they're trying to plan a
destination wedding and she got engaged
to dr. David Mertz in October of 2016
and they're thinking of going to Bora
Bora married um oh I love that
it's very invited well and then so that
was like the the question and she says
that fair is going to be front and
center mmm and Sophia - uh-huh so what
if we get invited what if she loves us
so much he invites us if she does it
we're gonna invite her smile and try
that okay our goal is to our goal is to
throughout the episode subtly hint and
we want to go to the wedding and see if
we can end the show and the show with us
seriously asking I'm like someone's
gonna blow it no no no no no idea here's
my thought yeah super random like I want
to just out of nowhere be like I love
destination wedding I mean we're like I
love Bora Bora have you're forbidden
yeah well I have wanderlust let's do it
okay we'll do it guys we're in take a
quick little pee break when we come back
we're gonna have two EPs oh gee drew
throws into a pee break song
it's time to relieve yourself
you'll feel better when you piss ha ha
ha you guys in a second
ha well there you guys go that is a
sneak peek of the new podcast I'm so
fucking excited we work really really
hard on it so I hope you guys like it
if you want to see the full episode you
have to get the full screen app now
listen I know money's tight
I hate paying for shit too but you can
get a free trial if you go to fullscreen
comm or if you have an AT&T phone you
can get a year for free you just go to
fullscreen comm slash ATT I'm just gonna
keep it real guys you guys know what's
going on with YouTube right now you know
the clusterfuck and all the drama and a
lot of us youtubers are not making
anything so I really want this podcast
to be successful I really wanted to do
well I want fullscreen to be successful
because I want to do this show and I
want to keep it going so please go check
it out even if it's just a free trial
check it out fullscreen calm cuz I
really think you guys are gonna like it
okay I'm gonna go should they go watch
your podcast do you have full screen
actually I do
cuz I have 18 units hopefully oh my god
really mmm I wanna fuck you right now
okay bye guys
