hey what's crackin it's 3:00 in the
morning and I am filming in a second and
ask Shane because I don't have any time
this week to film it because I'm going
on vacation I know I'm really excited I
haven't been on vacation ever
well I mean I went to Vegas for a day
but I don't drink or gamble or go
clubbing so I basically just went to a
buffet and ate my feelings which sounds
like vocation of me but yeah not much of
a kitchen so I'm going to an actual
vacation on Friday which means I'm not
gonna be able to upload a video on
Saturday because I just haven't had time
to make a quality video so I'm making
this piece of shit no I'm just kidding
but yeah any chapstick my lips look like
actually they look really wet that's hot
that's hot um yeah so was I talking
about I'm sort of it how am I gonna film
a fucking video right now dear lord
that's right I need to film in a shain
so I'm filming now Shane and my birthday
my birthday is on the 19th and I'm very
excited that's what I'm gonna be away
celebrating with my fam
that's how you say family in the hood if
you haven't noticed I'm very hood look
at my hair right no but uh yeah I'm
excited I'm gonna keep you guys updated
like you give a shit what am I talking
about
I'm gonna keep y'all updated y'all don't
care but well maybe you do I don't know
but on my vacation I'm gonna be showing
like little video clips of me and my
family hanging out I'm not gonna say
where we're going yet because you guys
are gonna make fun of me what the hell
was that did you hear that you like some
eyes watch me probably that guy over
there in a crack house hello my mom
little known fact my mom lives next door
to a crack den as you can see there is a
well you can't really see it but there
is a RV that's been parked in front of
my mom's house for a year never seen
anybody come out of it but it's there
probably like a hooker heaven or
something I don't know
hooker heaven oh I hope that's where
they go I really do yeah I just want to
let you guys know there's not going to
video this Saturday and I'm sorry and
I'm really sad about it because I try to
make one yesterday and I just ran out of
time and I don't want to put up a piece
of crap except for this piece of crap
there you go this soda has been in my
car for five years I'm just telling you
that five years look it's connected to
the fucking cup holder that's how long
it's been in here that shit ain't coming
out yeah so I'm rambling now but yeah I
just want to make a little video saying
what's up and that I love you guys
and that yeah I'm gonna go film an ass
Shane and hopefully it works out
hopefully I don't go crazy at 3 in the
morning it's gonna be very interesting
it'll be up on Monday on my second
channel that's about it why am i making
a duck face that's not attractive all
right I'm gonna go I love it guys and if
you're a guy and you feel very gay that
I just kissed you
get over it that was creepy I'm sorry
