- oopsies we should break my closet but
we should also play another would you
rather because it's Thursday Wednesday
oh it's one of those days
so let's randomly pick ready ready okay
can't read that close let's see well
these are stupid paper or plastic
okay I need to find another one just
like it okay here we go
would you rather chew on a used condom
as gum for an hour or suck a pig fetus
for 10 minutes
I'm not lying that's what it says um I
would do the pig fetus I'm going to use
condom you don't even know that's from I
mean if it was my own that'd be
different but a pig fetus is kind of
like it's a pig's ass it's like
Lunchables except ass put that on the
shirt it's like Lunchables except ass
hmm yeah so what do you guys doing today
besides answering that question I'm just
sitting here staring at this beautiful
picture computer and I made a video
yesterday I'm excited about that do you
guys want a little sneak peek or when
did I start saying sneak peek errs good
lord alright let's see Niq pkers uh-oh
who's that bitch oh why is he asleep
uh-oh who's that motherfucker with a
green screen oh there we go steak bakers
alright I'm going to go see you guys
later let's spin for a second there we
go
I'm sick
