so I wanted to put this on my iPhone
channel just so I can get it up as soon
as possible my iPhone isn't working
right now so fucking iPhones I swear to
God like $600 and that she doesn't even
work
fuck you Apple what was I talking about
oh yeah I'm totally out of it it's like
1:00 in the morning and I'm so excited
and I'm all jittery on caffeine um guess
what I got nominated for a fucking team
no we got nominated for a Teen Choice
Award what see if I got so excited my
computer broke um holy shit okay Wow uh
okay I don't know what to say
holy shit um I already said that
holy fuck did I say that I didn't holy
fuck
so here's the thing Teen Choice Awards
if you don't know what it is you're
crazy but yeah it's on Fox and I think
it's in August and it's where you guys
vote for your favorite whatever movie
Mara and I guess they added a web web
person category I don't know porn I
don't know
but I was in it me and okay it's it's me
Charles Trippy iJustine fuck I forgot
and Fred so you go and you vote for your
favorite if your favorite is me then
vote for me if your favorite iJustine
but for iJustine what I'm going to do is
I'm going to vote for a different person
every day except for Fred kidding kind
of um I'm so excited um yeah I'm going
to talk about it on my main channel on
Saturday but I wanted to put something
up now because voting has started
motherfuckers and uh let's start voting
um if okay here's a plan if I win what
should I do on stage because I think I
go on stage to win right I don't know I
don't I've never been to an award show
if I win well not in a war on TV I'm
rambling ah if I win I will say oh my
god I'll go as Sheneneh no that's weird
people won't get it um my first time on
TV and I'll be a drag queen that'll go
over well that'll give me a TV show duh
no I will honestly I'll just be thanking
you guys because you're the only reason
I'm anything yeah I just want to tell
you guys because it's because of you
guys and I don't want to say I got now
made it we got nominated bitch because
you know the fact that my videos are so
fucked up and have so many dirty jokes
and we're going to be on the Teen Choice
Awards with my pubic hair jokes and Mac
bucks and my shits and we're up against
Fred it's pretty hilarious pretty
awesome it shows that things are
changing so I'm excited so go vote go
both and I'm going to stop talking about
it because I look like a loser but oh
I'm going to start crying okay I'm going
to turn the camera bye
