I'm going to start this video off by
telling you that I have not slept and it
is 8:00 in the morning Thursday Friday
Thursday I don't know
I am roof hello hair hi that's my hair
today I look horrible but it's cool
because I'm close to you guys and I feel
like we're connecting on a level where I
don't need to feel like I look good
every day I feel like I can kind of let
myself go I could fart around you let me
try to push one out nope
Oh silent but deadly really deadly no I
am spinning circles because I am getting
sick I am on a new iphone because my
friend you probably saw the video on my
second channel where he was waiting in
line for it
he got an extra one and I bought it off
him because I'm kind of too lazy to wait
in line Oh
but yeah I'm testing that because I
heard it's supposed to be HD so I'm I
want upload this and see if it's
actually HD leave me a comment does it
look good does it look better than my
usual iPhone videos yeah I feel like it
hey Maya thank oh I feel like it's looks
better I'm looking at myself right now
and I mean I look disgusting but it
looks more disgusting because it's HD I
don't know I'm just talking to myself oh
look there's friends everywhere you look
wait that's full house theme song what's
friends oh my god how do I not know this
I stand by you I was a second second
gate and I visited AVI they were you
guys are they follow me dude in and in
it oh that song is like for me and you
guys oh all right I'm gonna go I need to
go to sleep
obviously I'm going great like let's go
in a circle where were not again
all right I'll talk to you guys later
Bob
