I am looking at me looking at you
looking back at me it's a trip right hey
what's up you guys
it is like 5:00 in the morning and I
haven't slept yet because I've been
hanging out with my new best friend ah
princess muffins yeah why aren't you
talking anymore what the fuck happened
used to be like my squeegee door alright
um yeah so you're probably a little
confused because I'm at my apartment and
muffins is here
that's because muffins is living with me
now yay still nothing she's like fucking
Helen Keller now like mute anyways yeah
muffins is living with me now because I
kind of felt bad that she wasn't getting
much attention at home with all my other
pets so I brought her here and hopefully
she perks up ooh I just scared the shit
out of her I'm sorry sorry um but yeah I
just wanted to say hey what's up it's
been a couple days thank you guys for
understanding that I'm taking a little
vacay as the kids call it actually
nobody calls it that it's vacation but
uh hopefully within the next couple days
I'll go somewhere besides my bedroom
although it's a party in here baby
me and my pussy I know I know but uh
yeah I will see you guys pretty soon I'm
going to put some stuff on my second
channel this week and I'm going to keep
updating this iPhone channel and that in
two weeks on the 19th my new video my
main channel so uh and I'm trying to get
back in action I'm trying to you know
you know the deal yeah I love you guys I
will talk to you soon leave me a comment
what are you doing today it's 5:00 in
the morning what are you doing
well vlogger what are you doing pussy
trying to leave smart
