hey what's up you guys um if you follow
me on Twitter to Facebook you know that
my shirts are now in hot topic which
that's here conditioner stop all right
uh can you still hear me okay good I
haven't talked about it on my main
channel yet I'm going to do that this
Saturday I think I'm really excited how
Charlie out to my ballsack sorry I'm
really excited obviously it's crazy but
can't she's already wearing one of my
shirts charlie
why you stop it look how cute you look
yay oh oh my god okay that's my balls
again oh so yeah I have one happy
customer
a horny customer holy shit stop it
you're supposed to be cute and happy
damn it they had a well anyways yes so
I'm going to talk about the shirts this
weekend um but yeah they're a hot topic
and I'll talk about that more later and
how that happened and what's going on
with that and Charlie's just gonna eat
the shirt and walk away he likes it I
swear I'm not torturing them maybe a
little bit okay whoa
