hello world I am here live with one of
the biggest celebrities in the world no
in the universe muffins
now muffins please tell me what does it
feel like to be loved by millions
interesting your eyes say at all they
really do who is your biggest influence
in life really yourself obviously what
do you think about Kesha yeah yeah
boring yeah I know what am i Lady gaga
nope she makes you twitch me too me too
anything you want to say to everybody
before we go you're moving your tail I
think that means that you're ready to
leave alright well I'll take that as a
goodbye goodbye muffins thank you very
much you are a very interesting
interesting interview say something damn
it
alright stay tuned for tomorrow when I
interview Charlie hopefully it's better
than this bitch
