so today I'm going to be switching lives
with Trish my boyfriend cheated so I
feel like I need to challenge you now so
tomorrow and I want you to live a day as
me hey what's up guys welcome to a new
scary video so we love to create my
moment so I was thinking you know island
woke up pretend to be me Izzy we can
bring her okay so I had second eye mom's
house just no idea we're gonna meet
Garret gonna right over there Andrew
you stand over here
the fucking white yeah drink some water
oh my god
I also think you that I was an intruder
because I didn't know boot was but I'll
and Trish is a child oh you're beautiful
oh my god you're poking at single any
morning work life do you need a pill or
oh I can't win this one oh you already
took it
do you have anything for Shane to drink
also do you have anything for Garrett to
eat okay but we also have to get to the
Trish side right okay so what tips would
you give Trish for being me now is she
is she you younger older now okay but
Shane if I wanted to be a little more
Shane like oh when I go back to church
now what can I take back and be more
like Shane a little bit he's very kind
that's Jerry wonderful to all of those
in his life so a really good heart a
little Moody
when people maybe don't know he's
actually very quiet he's you know
thinking about death well I think what
you should do is now give my mom some
advice okay
one thing that we have in common as
we're both single I was wondering if
there's any guys that you're currently
talking to you on tinder are you on
dating up to go shopping Church do we
have any potential suitors for you well
I haven't been able to kind of connect
here I don't wait wait
I specifically remember you mentioning
that there was a guy at the furniture
store down the street that you had my
shop how do you talk to him yet well I
haven't really I already bought
something else to sit on but I do sort
of meet someone
what who well he was like a professor to
call it I know that guy's gay yeah we
don't want gay boyfriends we learned
that no I'm thinking maybe we just go
for it a shopping time maybe I need some
furniture maybe you can help me pick
some furniture out have you ever talked
to him it's been a while what did you
say to him like how did your
conversation with the furniture store go
about furniture but was it about
furniture was he like oh this is a good
seat this is soft weather a little
flirty obviously a depression if there
was been a little something extra about
him
I knew is the way he helped me to my car
oh that's a big SAP let's go get him
walk up to him and say I think you might
be the pier one for me between the three
of us someone will get away from out of
this we're gonna go to the furniture
store and we're going to try to make
this happen but you need to get my mom a
makeover
that looks great but we need to make her
sexy earlier today I had on my little
Jean
and I had like a little turtleneck on
and I had my little do anything I'm not
a turtleneck
I'm just really brown like pink Jam fans
know what is that little mo man that's a
moment a little nipple my bra underneath
is pretty isn't it like a mommy porn
check no Jesus is watching oh yeah
these are hugger shoes finally I tempt
you with some inspiration it's a little
look I love that no hook like furniture
shows you're smart I got 99 problems but
math one smart but sexy yeah oh I got
her this for Christmas this is her dead
dog in heaven like you're in Chicago
wearing our emotions whoo yes yes so
you're gonna wear the black tights
you're gonna change it to the
see-through hoodie you're gonna wear the
scarf and at the gloves you change and
then show us your look okay bring in my
new mom but it's show that still loves
Jesus with cross yeah she has a 200
dollar bra underneath done it's over
she's also like you know tough hands
until you have my heart oh okay are you
ready for Pier one
pure one the place of oh that's gonna
cover your boobs up okay so what's the
plan like are you just gonna go in with
her and pretend and look at furniture
you guys don't have to come in okay mom
what's like your opening line maybe
something about like I don't know what's
like a pun with furniture I love a warm
blanket Oh something that feels like the
touch of a man oh I haven't felt that in
a while oh I am armed wanna kiss you
like an armlock I'm gonna freakin touch
your butt I'll get out of this car any
of these from strangers or maybe you
like ooh is there a candle that smells
like you good I'll be like Oh is there a
sale cuz my clothes are half off oh my
god that's it that's my pickup line
morning threatening though that there's
so many people around her knitted oh
this is very just like we're squad goals
on up Friday night going to that
furniture story Omaha be a big plate
this stores everything I won't go
that's the good line right there be like
or be like hey why is this my store
wanna see our unit back with you
we got to get out of this financial well
you know if it's you know he's not bad
idea okay so here in this Starbucks no
okay here's the thing you have nothing
to be nervous about
okay let's go like you want to talk to
other girls those girls over there
something woman and she's a little
nervous to talk to guys like
your hair is pumping that this Gucci's
want to take you on a date
juice to tell me what's your bra cups
are two hundred tell him that
you don't say nothing I'll do the
introduction yeah look at this beautiful
woman right here come on
like she's nervous to be asked
aha would you go on a date like my
friends who used to do you know we could
we could definitely go on like a play
day you know we could play some
ping-pong I'm really into ping-pong
she's a big monkey Ellen brought you my
it was that's pretty cool I just learned
the the back Spencer yeah she well maybe
you know maybe sometime we could play
some ping-pong and play quite a couple
of rounds okay they're equally bad dude
yeah maybe this isn't working out I feel
like there's maybe not a spark what's
happening um well I
yeah well not a girlfriend but prospect
that you know we kind of like going on
are you looking to make sure you set
aside chick right now is that what's
happening of people touching we you know
we don't have to make it like
great job thanks guys look at this
together handshake is theirs yeah you
think so carrots on the phone right now
with five or Jesus
oh my god hello who if you didn't know
looks sounds and acts just like Jesus
and think she referred to him as only
Jesus so I thought since we're having a
problem finding my mom's guy later
tonight when we get back to her house
I'm gonna surprise her date from her
favorite guy Jesus Christ she's gonna
hate me she's actually gonna die oh this
is gonna be so good at least Jesus will
be there to take her to heaven
oh Jesus oh my god
great okay well they're freezing so
let's go the phone with Jesus Christ
Garrett lot oh my god Garrett's trying
to date Jesus oh my god What did he say
well he was like I'm totally down well
he by the way when he answered he said
go for JC so basically we talked about
it he's totally down I said you know hey
so in terms of payment like you know we
can get you whatever how's that work he
said oh no no no JC doesn't require a
payment but he would appreciate a
shout-out I'm trying to get to a hundred
thousand on YouTube I'm at ninety right
now I think I can get there um okay
love that he loves promo my mom loves
Twitter this is gonna work out we're
just getting back to my mom's Jesus is
gonna be here in ten minutes I don't
really know what to do I kind of want
him to just like be in the house like
maybe I'll be like mom you go upstairs
and then like when she comes downstairs
Jesus is just like in the kitchen I'll
figure it out
but Jesus is on his way okay
so Shane took his mom upstairs I have to
find Jesus I don't know where he is
is he behind me right now hey what's up
man oh we're kind of sending the middle
of the street right now do you see us oh
there you are dude in here you just
right so we got Jesus here you wanna
introduce yourself hello it's me your
favorite Lord and Savior Jesus yep
and we're just gonna run inside and
somehow get Shane in his mom downstairs
and then we're gonna have a date it's
gonna be glorious let's do it praise be
threesome it's good to see you too I'm
gonna cry because I know you're not
Jesus
but I love Jesus so much Jesus so much
hello screen name is Jesus how did you I
know Jesus I figured since we are having
trouble finding a guy at the furniture
store who is probably gay we might as
well find the perfect guy who I already
know you love and just like Trisha
Paytas said I will never let you go
jesus never let you go I love you in
Jesus fuck sit down ask for some love
advice when it cries no that is it in a
dates not complete without some food you
do have some of his blood over wine
cellar it's fine here just some cookies
will do okay so what advice would you
get from my mom who's pretty and
outgoing and single and is having a
little trouble you're getting you're
putting yourself out there right
oh it's weird sometimes
put myself in situations where I think
I'm gonna meet people but like I I think
maybe I'll meet someone in church but
then nobody really approaches me so I
don't know if it's like is it me it's
not you it's not you it's definitely not
him
I can I can I can tell you that the best
advice I could give you is to not worry
about it and not not have any
expectations because setting those
expectations
alluro going somewhere hoping looking
you know even if it's not Church just
Church guys are kind of weird yes you
definitely have support that's obvious
you've got a lot of love and support so
yeah you don't like that what do you
think about her having your picture over
her bed it's the holiest of cockblocks
video that we were in together and they
were like we love the Jesus and right
here okay got the debated beard look
everything just right that's fantastic
he's got your profile Wow oh yeah you
look a little you went a little heavy on
the face tune you look good muffin
say hi to Christ Jesus in mama yes can
we pose for insomnia I mean and so I'm
gonna be vocal because it'll help
okay we got it what is your YouTube
channel called it's Jesus Christ it's
actually just Jesus Christ oh my god
that well it wasn't taken and so I just
I took it well link in description
subscribe NBC 6 well mom's have anything
out left to say to Jesus okay so Jesus
I'm gonna believe that God is gonna
bring me my man
yes and when we decide to get married
will you marry us ah absolutely oh my
god it would be such an honor
okay guys later stay holy don't do
anything I wouldn't do got my cellphone
remember when I hated my life they said
I didn't want to die
but I did now I know all the reason why
I'm still alive it's because of the sky
can you guess it right now
are you wondering
I fell in love so fast they know this
love we must I might know how do I know
from the star he was always in my heart
my straight far
here you are Jesus
you give me
you give me
you cannot bear where you can be good
you can be from privilege with straight
from the hood but Jesus bless you
this be known never leave
okay big ol sweep circle on the Big
Sleep chefs got that in common wouldn't
put the two of us we love 5x Isles for
our to excel bodies we actually have so
much in common it's crazy yeah I felt
like this experience showed me even more
how similar we are
yeah I feel like this whole situation
not that this was what it was intended
to do honestly yeah but I feel even like
closer to you than I did back in the day
yeah because I feel like we're different
people and I feel like I'm actually
being myself around you mm-hmm and the
fact that we've been here to stay each
other's life and to see him to like live
each other's lives it's so true what
they say like when you like walk a mile
in someone else's shoes obviously like
my favorite part of this whole
experience was I haven't really like
hung out with you and this type of whim
ever it's usually just one on one yeah
this was like I had you know my
boyfriend who you can't like want yeah
literally I had Garrett who you've seen
like one times really maybe twice yeah
and this was like one of the most fun
days I've ever had in my life really me
too I just didn't know me not cuz I
obviously know a lot of friends I'm like
you know whenever I see you guys all
hang out together myself but I got
something too
I honestly like got like oh maybe she
doesn't like my friends she doesn't
really like going around and so whatever
that maybe I should just hang off her
long but maybe she's like Jamaa I don't
know well I mean it's kind of true
though I didn't know Rylan
I didn't know Garrett so it's like of
course I was like yeah I never was like
offended that we didn't all you know cuz
I didn't know that well how do you feel
well I love what like love like truly
love like love like Riley 'no couldn't
be sweeter because Brian what I love
about him is like he doesn't he's yes
easy you do work but he doesn't need all
the attention of on him like a lot of
youtubers do like he's very much happy
to just support and that's like all he
did all day was like just support even
when he wasn't on camera he came with us
everywhere he could have been editing
and get
doing stuff and I'm like that was
amazing Garrett like adds so much energy
that I was just like this is he's so
sweet and so nice and just talked about
really random stuff he just reminds me
like a really like weird friend in a
sitcom that's looks like says the most
Raven things like I loved it and then it
just was really really cool I loved it
and I find you they were good people cuz
you have in your life for so long
anything out them all the time so you
know I was really happy because I don't
have any genuine friends and you've
always been a Jenny one so I love it so
much was so fun but yeah like factor
just you being you today was like so
cool that was your man huh give me me
you me a hot Shana inception hug
well the final thing we have to do now
that we're in bed yeah just a three-way
spin we love tired you should little
spoon Shana Baker moon Ryland okay this
is how we cuddle he never lets me be the
small spoon wait really
I like being kind way after me oh yeah
oh yeah oh my god you would have
impacted it turned out by it I love
having a guy's butt up against me like
that and your body's like a for as tiny
as you are okay so it's the end of the
night and Trish just left and I cannot
believe how incredible the last two days
was I went into this whole thing
thinking oh it's gonna be fun and it's
Trish I love Trish like this is gonna be
so funny but it genuinely turned into
one of the best experiences of my life I
love making videos like I love it but
these last two days felt like more than
just making a video it genuinely felt
like hanging out with family and I don't
have that much family so it just felt
really good and I'm gonna be honest like
the last few years me and Trish
definitely haven't hung out as much for
a lot of reasons I mean I came out and
then I started dating a bunch and then I
got into a relationship she was getting
into relationships and we just were kind
of going in different places but having
her around my boyfriend and my other
friends and doing something like this
with me it brought us so close I mean we
laughed for the last two days non-stop
we had so many deep conversations Trish
if you're watching this not only did I
love being you I love being with you
I guess I want to say to you guys
watching if there's somebody in your
life who you kind of drifted apart from
and you don't really know why or you
haven't really talked about it talk
about it get coffee with them hang out
with them put on their wig and figure it
out because those people who you feel
that connected with you should not let
go and I just can't wait to be like 90
years old
hanging out with Trish even pizza just
talking shit all right you guys I'm
gonna go actually shower I promise
and I was you guys
