hey what's up guys my name is Esther e
welcome back to you once a spot five
think about his favorite celebrity could
be Chris Pratt or the Rob could be
Beyonce or even Shane Dawson wait now
imagine that that celebrity has murdered
someone you still think about the same
why I thought it was a mistake to use
Shane as an example because I don't
think anyone would be surprised if we
found out that Shane secretly kills
people in the spare time now I don't
have a nice because I'm not allowed but
I do have scissors now let's jump and
now your friend everybody says that yeah
doesn't mind it's easy to forget that
celebrities are just normal as people
with mobile apps long they eat the same
they poop the same and sometimes they
even murder people
but that pertains what about five you
have five celebrities who have killed
people or been highly suspected of
killing people the number one Sid
Vicious like his name implies Sid
Vicious was known not only as
practically the face of the band The Sex
Pistols but also for the gruesome
killing of his girlfriend in 1978 he was
no stranger to run-ins with the law he
had one of those I don't give a fuck
attitude than a lot of punk rockers had
at the time despite only being the band
for one year Sid quickly rose to fame
and along with the fame followed his
heroin and alcohol abuse
one night in 1978 met Hotel in downtown
Manhattan City well from a drug binge to
find his girlfriend Nancy Spurgeon dead
in the bathroom with several stab wounds
to her chest
so Steve contacted the hotel saying
basically yo my girlfriend's fucking
dead I have no idea how this happened
please send help but please arrived it
became clear to them that sin was the
culprit behind the death and was
arrested and charged with murder
as he stated to them that he did just
have a fight with Nancy the night before
but ultimately didn't mean to kill her
just stabbed her several times because
that makes this I like to stab people on
occasion as well as long as they don't
die it's totally fine right but after
Nancy's death Sid's intense behavior
only got worse he attended several times
to commit suicide by slitting his wrists
with smashed light bulb and even
attempted to jump out of a window
screaming I want to be with Nancy why
would you want to be
ideal what does well and while I was
overly appearances police that Sid was
behind her done it never made it to
trial and Sid died in 1979 by a heroin
overdose at only age 21 okay is it the
greatest stay off drugs message out
there I don't know what it do you want
to stab people you love no the day to
fuck up drugs
that's all that's number two Caitlyn
Jenner months before Caitlyn Jenner
swept the nation with the news that she
was transgender she was in the news for
it completely differently on February
7th 2015 in Malibu California Jenner was
directly involved in a car accident that
claimed the life of 69 year old Kim how
as Jenner was driving her Escalade down
the highway she didn't slow down fast
enough at a traffic jam getting into
house white Lexus which then pushed it
into oncoming traffic where it was hit
by an h2 Hummer and she was killed
instantly footage of the crash was
obtained from a bus that was driving
adjacent to the accident as well as
several photos of the accident some
civilians and passerby and just warning
while it doesn't show anything too
graphic or gruesome just knowing that
someone died in this footage is still
pretty disturbing and don't Kaitlyn was
completely sober in the fact that it
wasn't texting and driving or anything
the family of the driver who was killed
still filed lawsuits against her but
they were quickly dissolved or settled
for an undisclosed amount
in addition Kaitlyn had a completely
clean driving record and you know as no
criminal history and as a result was let
off with only a misdemeanor serving no
jail time which obviously this one was
an accident and I'm sure Kaitlyn meant
no harm but regardless cars are fucking
huge steel death traps and if you are
paying attention for one second for half
of a second if you move your hands too
fast one way in the blink of an eye or
someone else out of millions of cars
that you see in your lifetime you can
end up dead Wow great thanks Esther now
I never want to go driving again awesome
number three
Oh Jay Simpson a man whose name we all
know because of the trial that took
place in 1994 that was the single most
publicized murder trial in all of
American history imagine for the longest
time I thought his first name was orange
juice orange juice Simpson it actually
named or installed James Simpson minnows
best known as OJ from professional
football career in the 60s and 70s after
retiring from a very successful career
okay
Nicole Brown which led to the two
getting married in 1985 however over the
course of their marriage Oh Jay had been
investigated several times for domestic
violence which is actually caused Nicole
to divorce him in 1992 what a football
player being investigated for domestic
violence unheard of well in 1994 Nicole
FF friend Ron Goldman were both found
dead in Nicole's condo from several stab
wounds to the head and neck when police
went to go tell LJ about his ex-wife's
murder they found that OJ wasn't even
home but instead boarded an airplane to
Chicago shortly after the time of their
murder
okay Cod is suspicious but doesn't prove
anything right well when detectives were
searching around OJ's house for any
clues or evidence they found blood
scattered on a truck parked behind the
building as well as a bloody glove that
masked another glove that they found in
the murder scene with both gloves
containing blood from Nicole and Ron
Goldman this was a huge break in the
case and police and everyone thought
that they had found their man in
addition when the arrest warrant finally
came through to arrest OJ he invited his
friend who is also a police officer to
come over to his house where he jokingly
said to be honest I'd had dreams about
killing her okay seriously fans that's
the kind of shit you don't want to say
to a police officer when you're being
investigated for murder even if you were
joking how would someone fucking react
to that
I dream about murdering a person that
just turned up dead just kidding Oh
after OJ wouldn't turn himself in a
lengthy manhunt began where he was
finally apprehended at his mansion after
he had eluded police for several months
by threatening to kill himself if he
would caught then even after a more
lengthy and highly publicized trial with
several pieces of damning evidence Oh
Jay was found not guilty yeah like how
the fuck does that happen anyway while I
guess the real culprit of the crime has
never been found the story is still one
of the most well known accounts of a
celebrity possibly full on murdering
someone and getting away with it number
four shoe nights I've been told it's
been pronounced shoe I was about to say
sewage but I guess that's not right suit
shoe I don't know aside from being the
founder of Death Row Records which is a
huge hip-hop record company that put out
a ton of music
the 1992 night was also known for two
other things always taking photos where
he was smoking the cigar and not smiling
keeping the same haircut for upwards of
ten years we had that in common and for
his numerous run-ins with the law and
rival gang but over the last 20 years
has been over 22 times
coin not fan he also been arrested and
charged with murder three times and
suspected of being involved in burners
even more so starting in 1996 she was
suspected of being involved in the
murder of a Tupac Shakur a prominent
hip-hop artist that was involved with
shoot in Death Row Records apparently
Tupac was shot and killed in a drive-by
in Las Vegas with you being in the car
with him during the time of the shooting
but only suffering minor injuries from
debris only six months later a rival of
Tupac biggie smalls was also murdered in
a drive-by in Los Angeles
despite being completely surrounded by
personal bodyguards and security both
Tupac and Biggie were shot exactly four
times and no one knows who did even
shooting so both of them are completely
a mystery still to this day a popular
theory though was that night and killed
Tupac before he was able to leave Death
Row Records and then killed Biggie a few
months later to divert any tension away
from him in Tupac eight but we may never
know the truth however in 2015 she was
charged with murder after a hit and run
in Compton California when he killed
Terry Carter a friend of Knight and also
the co-founder of heavyweight Records no
one knows yet was it a hit and run was
intentional or just an accident as the
trial is still ongoing and shoos defense
he claims he was suffering from
blindness as well as a multitude of
other health issues and it's maybe what
caused do not see the duty hits
due to his health issues the trial has
been pushed back several times and is
still currently being settled and
finally at number five crit soul and if
you're sitting there wondering that's
who the fuck is Cris soul why would you
recognize him if instead I said Prince
from The Bachelor yeah that guy the only
bachelor in recent history who I think
actually looks like Jesus correct I'm
not beautiful Dom I'm here to perform
fucking miracle no okay sir anyway Chris
makes it on this list only recently
happening just last month while Chris
was driving his truck in his hometown in
Iowa he hit the back of a tractor at
high speed killing the 66 year old
farmer who is writing it
the official report Chris did dial
nine-one-one after he checked the man
poll but after asking other unidentified
people at the crime scene if they knew
CPR he fled the scene where he was
arrested at its home 15 miles from the
crash site
he was then booked into the county jail
where he took the saddest-looking
mugshot I've ever seen but honestly this
almost makes me want to cry just looking
at it although apparently Chris bought a
beer at a convenience store right before
the crash happened it was likely he was
drinking it as there a beer bottles
scattered all around his truck and it
hasn't been confirmed yet whether he was
drunk while driving but if he was he
could be sentenced up to 25 years in
jail the difference though is if he
wasn't drunk he could be sentenced ill
up to five years in jail even if he gets
no jail time in this there is still the
chance that he can get a civil lawsuit
filed against them where he could then
lose his 1.5 million dollar farm and he
may be forced to stop doing miracles and
eating it suffer while people paint him
okay last Jesus joke I promise the way
this update with the story is that the
trial is still pending and Chris is
currently in house arrest in his home in
Iowa and this should be a no-brainer to
you guys out there about sucking just
don't drink you drive you know just
don't you might think oh man I'm the
best drinker and driver ever like me I
know for a fact that I am don't I
texting and driving I do it doesn't
matter how good you think you are if
Caitlyn Jenner and Jesus himself can get
in a car wreck you can too anyways guys
that is it for this episode of once
about five hopefully you guys enjoyed it
if you did make sure to give it a like
and also subscribe to this channel as
there will be more every single week
before you guys go do whatever it is you
guys do because they're a fan of the
show what the top news I just put up a
new one on my channel a couple days ago
where I talked about the fire festival
and the whole United Airlines bullshit
also guys make sure to check out my new
QA I also have up on my channel I put a
lot of work into those videos so I hope
you guys enjoyed that said guys we'll
see you next time for another what the
fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
