Oh scripts hey what's up you guys I am
in the car with Brittany Taylor Brittany
Taylor let's have it just like you do I
do your laugh we do my love fuck you
fuck you oh my god I heard Brittany say
fuck I you said I hear about how that oh
okay
anyways um my car I need AC uh it's
hadn't like anyone cookies
oh yeah so we were sitting here and she
told me my face looked dirty so dirty
sharing and she always rubs her face
with these nasty things I'm not going to
say what product it is because I don't
wanna look like I'm a paid for this but
they're like things where you rub your
face and then it shows you a dirty war
so I'm gonna do a test she's gonna rub
her face I'm gonna rub my face and we're
you see who's dirtier are you ready for
this all right give me okay that's good
you want to use this side this side yeah
I'll go first just all over so my do
mine while you do yours yeah no this
isn't fair I just dropped it alright
I'm not done hold on hurry up I can't
edit these okay the one shot er all
right so how do we tell you look at the
little blue thing dude your sister your
this is mine that's yours
I can see through mine yeah that means
that there's more oil was picked up but
there's no like dirt Oh Brittany was rad
Brittany was right I'm not going to try
to do whatever accent I wanna go I wanna
do a victory dance
alright okay get out of the car bitch
you know funny would be if she got hit
by a car in it what nothing
