hey what's up everybody so I wanted to
make a video to congratulate YouTube for
hitting five years sexiest five year old
I've ever seen well second sexiest
Dakota Fanning come on 1999 remember
that whoo
anyways hailey Joe Osmond from The Sixth
Sense Oh was I talking about again oh
yeah five years I wanted to tell my
story because everybody's making videos
talking about their story of how they
started YouTube and its really cool to
watch you know here are people's
inspirational stories mine is a pretty
much I started uploading videos back
when I was fat like five years ago you
can still find them typing like Shane
Dawson fat and I'm sure it's the pop-up
but I uploaded those and nobody's really
watching them and then I went through
the whole losing weight and whatever
graduating high school and I wanted to
be an actor and I thought you know what
fuck it why not put videos up on YouTube
because I'm not getting any acting jobs
so I started doing YouTube shanedawsontv
and it just word of mouth and everything
I was never featured I was never on the
homepage I was never on Perez Hilton
like I don't know it just kind of grew
gradually um and you guys kept watching
and you told all your friends and all
your parents and your grandparents and
your aunts and uncles and um yeah and
now you know here's my thing my
inspirational story I guess is um right
when I started YouTube just kind of
playing around with it I was making
videos like once a month I wasn't really
thinking too much about it and then I
lost my job because of a YouTube video I
made me my mom my brother and like five
other people lost our jobs it was all my
fault and I went through this crazy
stage of depression and suicide thoughts
and it was really really bad and um I
said you know what I'm going to really
focus on YouTube and make video every
single week and like make it my own TV
show you know fucking I'm gonna have my
own TV show on the Internet
do whatever I want and if nobody watches
who cares it's for me and then people
started watching and it gave me a
purpose because at that point in my life
I really felt worthless and
YouTube has just given me this feeling
of I have a reason for being alive that
sounds really creepy but I think you
know what I mean and I'm making you guys
laugh I'm making you guys happy makes me
feel like God put me here for a reason
and and thank you so much and uh and I'm
still doing videos and hopefully getting
into things outside of YouTube that you
guys can watch you know movies and TV
and stuff and hopefully those dreams
will come true too and it's all because
of YouTube and it's all because of you
guys watching so that's my story you
guys if you're out there and you don't
make videos and you're just commenting
and stuff
you're amazing but you should start
making videos because seriously it feels
so good to to get creative and to put it
out there and even if you get haters who
cares I mean come on I had people
telling me that I should burn in hell
and I hate me it just makes me feel like
I'm doing something right because they
obviously care enough to write that so
uh so yeah who cares about the haters
don't worry about them do your thing and
make a video and put it as a response to
this one your first youtube video and I
will watch it and comment it and rate it
favourite it and um and yeah was I
talking about Dakota Fanning Haley draws
men YouTube I love you guys I'll talk to
you later
peace that's my mommy Cyrus face peace
y'all
