hey what's up it's Kasia and I'm sitting
on Shane Dawson's house and he's making
a video and I'm like I'm bored and he's
like and I'm like alright and so I
decided to make a video just kidding a
chain and I'm delusional I have food
poisoning so I've been barfing all day
which makes me feel even more like Kasia
do you like my makeup it took an hour to
do that mad props and the lipstick so
what's up you guys I have just been
filming a video today as Kishen and I
don't just look like this all the time
only on the weekends kidding um yeah
I've been filming a video today and I'm
really pissed because I've been trying
to film some like you know special fun
stuff on my iPhone 4 iPhone channel and
I can't log in so if anybody knows how
to fix that it won't let me log into my
YouTube account so I'm freaking out and
I can't call Apple because they like
charge you to talk to you or some shit
so I don't know what to do so leave me a
comment if you know how to fix it and
it's about it just hangin out there is
somebody staring at me through the
window a boo-boo you want a piece of
this name a price you know what's scary
is it probably actually believe me there
are so many prostitutes on my street and
they're not even like good prostitutes
they're like nasty and I'm not saying
prostitutes are not nasty because they
all are pretty nasty but these ones are
like especially nasty where you can
actually like taste the nastiness before
you even look at them it's like in the
air like you walk by them and you're
like watch I can make my titties dance
bow-bow-bow for her I'm going crazy
alright I'm gonna go throw up again see
you guys later please help me out if you
know how by my alpha friend Bauer
