hey what's up you guys um I'm in the
bathroom of the hospital right now
and um I wanted to make this video
because my grandma is in the hospital
and um I think I think this is it um so
I know this sounds crazy but I just so I
wanted to film her you know a little bit
because I I just want something to
remember her by
um so if you see in the next few hours
maybe a video up my grandma that's why
it's not because I have a weird fetish
with old people it's because you know I
just I want I want something something
there you know and I know a lot of you
guys like my grandma she's been in a lot
of my videos
um and I know she she really loves you
guys too so I gotta go but um thank you
guys for praying and everything and if
she does live you know I'll try to film
her when she's not sick okay I gotta go
I love you guys
