grab life by the pussy though she is a
place - babe I'm pregnant
what Oh dr. Phil hello guys
yes I am so fucking fitted for this
video I've seen this tag kind of going
around lately I think Jen x10 started it
but basically you go on the outpost mate
not fun and you ask the stranger to
spend your money so if you don't know
what post means is basically it's like
an app where you pick a store you could
what you want and then a person goes
just didn't bring to you so it's
probably meant for people who like can't
drive or like can't leave their house
because of like an illness or your
youtuber you're a lazy fat fuck
anyways I would not pose me at 6 with
the 99-cent store and I put he there
this is super random but can you spend
$50 on whatever you want make it weird
they well I for sure thought this person
was going to be like no fuck you you
weirdo
but instead they world me back a bunch
of happy primates emojis and say hahaha
this is going to be fun so I'm currently
waiting oh my god I just got nothing it
says he's going to be here in 15 minutes
not I'm nervous
do I look okay don't so my plan is I
want you to be in this video
I
that's going to work out because like I
can't imagine how scared he's going to
be when I'm like any want to be in my
video
alright I'll be back in 15 minutes Oh
God
my boss mate hi I'll be going welcome to
YouTube thank you there's someone you'd
better put unit yeah go ahead
okay so he's six foot and I'm like
nervous I feel like I'm on a tinder date
center confusing I he brought a bunch of
stuff from a 99-cent store not explain
what your journey was when I first
couple requests I have this kinda
strange could take a supplement incest
or strange or weird
mmm and funny I like misaligned because
I master left it so I kind of figured I
have an idea what to get what what I was
to go to in there what to pick up
definitely walk into the aisle everyone
knows this point I got some birthday
cards are pretty funny someone to the
yeah just going copy Michael and then
maybe a second date oh now what is the
weirdest thing you've ever been asked to
get as a postman
what can I request for women Kawai stuff
yeah like how do they even ask for be
like okay what is it we don't like just
real though yeah have they ever asked
for a dildo like it like Walmart and
you're like sorry girl they don't have
that now it's really like a cold sores
has anybody ever asked for economy
they're like hey like on the gallon milk
and eat like a small one no officially a
lot of my other clothes for Como's for a
magnum but I made it
he's they requested her from Trisha and
I'm a degree there so I get a text a
guys you know like I don't have any any
color the trailer took a long time we
just have a sort of a community have you
ever had like a woman like an older
woman who's like lonely desperate like
you problem with like your well tag and
then children stop you know the Rapanui
what you want isn't very my couple
teenagers Lucky Nugget all right well
I'm gonna I'm going to open up all this
stuff thank you so much mom I might take
you well now the world gets to see how
beautiful you are thank you oh my god I
just said you're bi that was like a
tinder date going right except for like
I don't think he wanted to fuck he just
wanted my money so that's like a typical
tinder date for me let's get opening
okay so we have three huge bag for the
stores
oh my god this is just like Christmas
literally when I was a kid everything
was from the 99-cent store
thanks Santa my mom always said that
Santa went on a budget because he
spelled his money as a casino and he
went bankrupt Merry Christmas
right here we go salvadore with the
funky trans do a minion lunchbox I know
you don't know me but you should know
that I'm a minion the minions have
already fucked up the toy stores they've
already fucked up the movie theater now
they're coming for my food no fuck you
minions you get out you know what I'm
not gonna put food in here and I'm not
going to throw this away I'm gonna do
something you could better fuck you Bob
or Larry
ah singable gaining jumping yes a couple
here
oh my god just ask literally Oguz what I
said that when the minions ready for
demon talk notice seriously I hate you
Oh
nakiya woo articles coming what is this
you got me some plus-size panties so far
that's the one thing that Salvador had
gone right let's put them on a raft
oh my god they're perfect fit
Sal baby how did you know wow these are
like comfortable they're soft
I love these there's no much room in the
minion area but that's fine because you
know I don't really have that big of a
banana let me think of a Disney
character they represent leading was
there a puppy dwarf oh no these are cute
I love these with the ring isn't
irregular deciding to put the I college
Rafiki oh my god and then every time I
go to have sex honey like oh ye
I love my big circle life product oh he
got me a Malo with emojis all over it
there's a little cool which is perfect
that's what I'm going to do to this
because it's up I hate emojis I hate
when they put them on things
they're like wearing head we're cool
right let's slap an emoji on if I see
one more exam and leave longer video
that has a cry laughing emoji the
thumbnail bitch I'm calling Child
Protective Services how great he got me
another mug with another fucking emoji
accepted and what a battle G I have
never seen that one that is every
youtuber in VidCon hiding the fact that
they are high Bucci
Wow emojis are still sucking relatable
oh what's that oh my god what is this
this is a slushie in a pouch oh I gotta
freeze it so I am for that I was going
to drink it as it is what flavor is it
blue a cherry frog
okay unicorn Frappuccino bitch who's
going to drink my $0.99 or drinking it -
mmm
here we go Oh
oh my god fuck that old is that even
drinkable Oh bitch Starbucks is not shit
coffee bean is the bitch is always
shaking coffee bean is always like what
about me every time Starbucks comes out
with something they're like thanks we
got a mermaid from Tina it's great it
does not look good for coffee bean ooh
it also says do not microwave all right
here we go
this one's for you Sal
whoa whoa yeah oh my god bitch yeah okay
okay we're done we're done this is what
daddy does for a living
no dude she goes through it uh what up
more emojis stop cheese grater Wow
are you hinting that you want me to make
you a plate of nachos and invite you
over for dinner because I am down fix if
I won't be making them bitch I'll be
post maybe huh you could bring them a
fucking slushy maker bitch this also
involves freezing spell I don't have
eyes woo I love the sound it makes
that's the time my stomach aches every
morning but it's filled with nyquil and
Twinkies next bag are these these are
called rocket Anna oh they're suckers I
think from Mexico and they look like the
world and we divide into a bitch you'll
get the center of the universe you know
what you get when you buy them to me
just about the old shit because I'm
constipated I'm like a tipsy pop except
filled with shit how do you want to
salmony like the take pilot Roger
whoo hate that which sound with your to
taste it with what are you doing right
now probably complaining on the postman
tab dear posting some creepy lady may be
coming saucy and do a video with her oh
another love story i'll mmm this is good
I don't quite understand what is because
it's all in Spanish but it could it be
play like people but like not in a weird
way he got me a swipe a swipe some
plus-size skinnies did he look me up oh
my god this is the biggest calculator in
the world who would have thought would
use it like you could not hide your
dumbness if you have this like you're in
class and someone's like oh seven plus
seven oh that's easy
good then 784 yeah this is broken oh my
god I just kind of vicious I like
somebody going to the dollar store to
get a calculator
like I got to do my checking book
they're like okay I made zero dollars
this month and I made zero dollars the
previous month
okay subtract what I owe to the
government okay
I need five million dollars but the
99-cent store bitch let's go to Target
ya know this is ruining life what is
this I don't know what to do with this I
mean I guess I could put it in my line
King tomorrow and meet Pumbaa oh my god
he got me an enema oh my god I'm using
this right now guys if you don't know
what this is
you shove it up your ass you squeeze and
then you shit out all your insides
it basically does well Hometown Buffet
does the cheaper so this is the part
that you shove up your butt and I guess
I'll just do it now when graveyard girl
loses her mind does this thing really
work done man
come on in here sucks accessible but I
want a dump man I know I'm gonna use
this later I'm not actually going to use
this on camera because I'm trying to be
more brand friendly
now back to my cookie that sings disney
song my guest be much - oh I wish my
pussy got a clock in it what is this
whoo you put a ball in it and then you
throw it at your table that seems
dangerous let's do it key though you
want to play with the toy Wow all right
ready one two three
well that was fine you know come on
ready one two three I love playing with
my animals oh my god he caught me one of
these I've always wanted what to do you
when you want to snatch a weave but
you're too lazy to move oh my god wait
hold on your wait business ah I love
snatching wigs from my couch why not so
many wigs around his match that's when I
posted set itself inna matching your
plus-size
with someone super like you want tinder
so you snatch your enema okay yeah we
got stuff just here's a massive minion
yes oh my god it's a piggy bank with a
bunch of pigs on it oh my god and also a
little Queen crowns
pig meat this is perfect I love this I'm
actually going to use it oh my god he
got me a plus is broad and that's risk
of my panties wait this is not what my
oh my god it is for a child do children
went wrong I know I did
all right oh my god he got me adult
diapers oh this is the best day of my
life I used to wear these when I was a
kid because I peed the bed and that's
the saddest part is that my mom had to
give me like adult diapers
I was not way we wanted fucking this
house this is not a diaper this is what
you cover the bottom of your dog bed
with what is the sound here assault
under patent what the fuck does that
mean
I'm supposed to make a diaper out of
this 99-cent store you can't even do
that part for me I'm gonna do that for
myself
oops I so degrading like oh well I'll
have to wear a diaper because I can't
control my bowels let me just go buy
some no yes I have to do it myself
and tie this around my duty but I don't
even know how to do this only I want
this thing to stop she was a person with
no our theme song if you believe we got
a picture we want to be aa perfect can't
we think shit what is this mu9 SS or
beer yeah when my post me wants to
fucking party alright here we go
I don't think I've had beer in like
forever I think a lot of fun has beer at
least seven don't ask is my talented
pussy could throw up this is what it
tastes like
like if my pussy was on the voice but
she was nervous and she threw up on
stage that would be what is the funny
would be like to know what I know your
nerve
I know you throughout but I see
potential in this busy like shells like
oh but the pussy like flu
thanks guys looks really nice but I
kinda want it Adam Levine's uh I've
watched the voice for that probably more
beer what is he trying to do post Mary's
mania be drunk he also got me a
pregnancy test and mattresses I think
the post mates trying to get me dressed
and also make sure that there's no proof
last but not least you got me a birthday
card that's with them it's your birthday
relax take it easy do as little as
possible
in other words pretend you're at work
what you trying to say so that I don't
work you don't think this is work you
don't think it's hard to snap weaves all
day looks like Italy snap single one
star review I just getting Sally you
were great you got me plus-sized panties
a cloth and multiple things to shove up
my butt I love you
alright guys no that was me letting a
stranger spend my money and I loved it I
think this is better than me spending my
money although with the way things are
going on YouTube right now is probably
be saving my money but instead I'm
buying $50 worth of diapers and feminine
watch things are going great
aren't you guys if you enjoyed this
stupid fucking video and you want me to
do another one maybe I'll do Target or
Walmart give me a thumbs up sign up I'll
let make sure hit the stat button in the
notification pal saying because I make
new videos every day and I will see you
little singing pussy bye
Oh
