hey guys yes today I am so fucking your
decided to do this video now listen I
have been a woman before like you know
how much I love my wig and you know how
sickening I look at my Kardashian
clothes yeah that's a big old bitch
but I never actually really try to make
myself look pretty so today I'm doing a
full drag queen of makeover by myself I
am NOT a professional microphone on
RuPaul's Drag Race they wouldn't even
let me get you got me to sashay away
into oncoming traffic and let a truck
hit me and snatch my organ but today I'm
going to get to try I have so much stuff
here literally I'm not kidding I have a
rainbow selection of lipsticks I have
this eyes but Dad little zest that is
not fucking around there is glue adhere
I'm gonna rip up my eyes I have like a
collection of clothes and wig I even
have some big-ass titties I told you I
am breaking it today also these are not
exactly what I wanted how long I like
the big fake cleavage and well they just
said me I don't even know what these are
but they are loud just like my kitties
okay so let's get started actually I
feel like you need to see my hold
station so let me give you a glimpse
into this so first over here we have my
vanity which is a mirror on top of a tub
of dog treat I also have my phone in
case I need to call 911 because I'm
definitely gonna hurt myself and then
over here I have all of my equipment I
have my candy bra
I have Mike eyeliner I have a bunch of
stone I have different wings I have
Jesus I'm going to need him and I have a
cat that's currently looking for a home
seriously if anybody wants him he is
looking you looking outside cheeto
you're wondering what else is out there
me too okay now let's get started with
my foundation I need to put my hair back
so I'm going to be using it right hot
and please stop putting this next to a
picture david dobrik
and tagging on instagram because that is
offensive to him like Liza isn't just
shook she's vomiting okay but first at
the TRL are hand
mainly because I have been not washing
my hands
after I wipe my ass I'm s mainly because
I just ran out of soap and I'm lazy like
don't get me wrong if there's like a
little piece of duty on my hand I will
wipe it off on my shirt like I'm not a
monster
okay now that we're all clean it is time
to get our foundation I didn't know what
color I was so absolutely a target hi do
you have anything for somebody that's
never been outside some people people
who are so white when they take a
picture they don't even need a flash
something for human glowstick so she
gave me this this is it just as nude
hope not this is not the color me nude
the color me nude is covered in here
okay I don't have a Beauty Blender
because I think I've burned them with a
blowtorch
I just like to keep my morning routine
with so I have this brush thing that I
bought for some video and uh yeah okay
let's use it okay
cording that on top of there guess we'll
just put it on my face okay let's get a
little closer I hate that whoo oh my god
this reminds me sink tunes like we've
hit it too hard okay oh my god oh my god
I am going to be beautiful
I'm calling it I'm going to be the new
queen of YouTube like uh stop shaking oh
my god this is everything I wish I could
just do this every day just like hang on
magic brush and graze my face Wow oh
this stuff I'm killing it piled is on oh
yeah I think I'm a guru I'm gonna go
back to that lady at Target be like look
you didn't she quit oh this is great I
love this kind of so let's see how this
looks far away oh oh my god oh oh fuck I
look like somebody who lives underground
somebody's like just some light for the
first time Wow this is terrifying okay
let's move up so now that we have our
face ripped off we're going to move on
to color should i do like highlight or
day no no let's figure out my eyes so I
have two different odd selections for
eyeshadow first I have this which
with every fucking color imaginable
nobody needs this this is crazy
why is there 7 different purple bitch
there's only one purple Teletubby and
that's all we need we will need 8 shades
of taupe who I've watched that just like
tinky-winky get attacked ha ha ha and
then Lala's like and they're like cover
up your eyes big baby son you're not old
enough to read this Oh harmless
childhood memories ok we have this we
also have this which is called Shanee
which is why I got it that's what my mom
used to call me when I was a kid after
she sees it she's never gonna call me
again
so this is fun because it looks like
that's all there is and it's like ok I
guess there's only a couple colors but
bitch guess what
oh it's like a dining room table that
like opens up for a party but you don't
know it does that because you've never
needed it anyways so I think I'm going
to use this one because these are a
little more delirious but they're like
guys exactly what my face needs right
now more shine but before we get to that
we need to pick a wig so I have two
different ones here and I need your guy
just honest ok wait number one stop it
business my drag queen love my name
would be Nicki Minaj yeah this is gross
I hate this it looks like I washed my
hair with more hair it looks like I need
to use deodorant on my head uh yeah no
we're not going to next way oh my god oh
my god when you find your new identity
this is everything oh my god if this was
2008 bitch I would be in every birth
puppy this is amazing I love this oh my
god oh my god do I just leave it on out
for effort
yeah ok let's just leave it on ok so
let's do our makeup around this color
scheme I feel like I am a unicorn
abortion clown diarrhea let's start with
our eyes okay so I think I'm going to go
with maybe like a purple blue stayed
almost like hit my ride if my favs on
the car what kind of car would
nevermind I figured it out in army tank
all right so I think I'm going to start
with purple on the outside and once
again guys I'm really trying I'm not
trying to make this money I actually
want you guys to want to stop me I want
you guys to part of this video bringing
your dad and how to play smash your pass
with me your dad's like smash in the
head with a bat messin with my car okay
no oh fuck Dada hold on I can fix this
oh my god
so many lights alright ones just in blue
oops
okay this is a little much but it's okay
you can fix it oh my god it's looking
good wait I want to do something that
I've seen dragons do where they put like
wipes in the corner we bring out there I
don't think it's working on me did that
work blue that kind of work oh my god
why am I so Goodison oh my god sorry I
just love myself for the first time okay
so now that we have the eye shadow done
it is time to put on our highlighter
alright so we I guess they're just going
to put this on our I I've never done
this like right before so I'm nervous oh
no and ruins it no magic brush come
through oh yeah I fixed it when I
changed my Twitter bio from comedian to
guru I seem like I have my own makeup
line it's going to be called the world
oh I have my own set called only it Mac
okay I think our eyes are almost done
awaiting now they're not so I don't know
how to do this I guess I just take them
on so this is a glamour fuck okay here
we go I'm scared
no one fuck it up Tom oh my god is that
everything wait it's agony I don't know
I can't tell is it everything is it
nothing is it um it hurts
I don't know what I feel about that
nevermind I love it
actually no it really actually really
hurt ah once we do it upside down though
that's everything oh my god I'm serious
guys I am going to change my profession
got to be putting up fucking peep on a
power drill I'm working right so let's
put this one under our other eyes oh wow
I look like a gay demon huh that's my
drag name okay so next yes it's not on
our eyelashes this is a little scared
because this actually called glue and I
don't want to do that but I think I'm
just going to try to stick them on
without it I think I did it oh wow
all those are great I'll go change the
whole look I just went from a gay demon
but somebody who went to Coachella and
was murdered and then they found a body
two weeks later like this
oh no they're falling off okay I'm
actually going to use this belittle boom
I'm scared it's registered it on the
actual eyelash I'm going to filled it
out okay Oh God okay another clue all
over my eyes oh fuck okay her how get
cut that we're not doing that okay
instead what I think I'm gonna do is
paint this highlighter little duty
colored thing on top of my eyelashes oh
yeah that was great
okay I also have all of these little
face jewels
so like should we add should we do like
maybe like a little like I don't know if
that means but I'm sure there's some
drag queens out there that could change
like that they're like oh yeah that
means like a little something something
it makes your eye yeah totally actually
I don't even think I need this because I
have this unless I do a rainbow that's
too gay custom you like this sorry no
that's too gay okay so now their eyes
are done left
highlight I'm sorry what I meant to say
was let's highlight okay so I'm just
gonna do it I've seen a lot of drag
queens do which is bitch that Mel
thoughtful isn't even intentional I am
turning into them they just do like a
slight and then they do a swipe cuz I
may go down their nose and then on their
chin then above your lip all right so
let's see um I can't really tell
can you tell is this highlighter
fraudulent all right there's more hot
letters we
okay this one's called french vanilla oh
yeah now this one's really poppin oh
yeah itch oh my god hello oh my god I
love my new bag can I keep it pretty
Madden's just doing good fierce scary
they don't like that hey what's up you
guys yeah welcome to a Queen City I mean
I guess this is technically a creepy
video okay oh my god I love it I love it
what next lift oh my god sorry about
filming a video okay here we go
we have a lot of colors to choose from
I'm thinking maybe the light blue or the
purple
you're like the purple might be more
subtle look what I'm about penalty's oh
my god I just broke the lipstick me when
I'm is dainty clean hero out of are your
lipstick sorry I'm a beast right here we
go whoo oh my god this is really looking
good I'm so proud of myself I know it's
crazy but like I'm really proud of
myself
usually I just like looks gay she is
nothing yet okay what's next
are we almost done I think that was time
for clothes and accessories okay so this
first outfit choice was cute until I
realized it showcases my hairy shoulders
with some fucking gross just in case you
couldn't see them from far away there
they are but we can just cover that with
my hair so port is also these fake boobs
don't really work mainly cuz you can
still see my gross chest down underneath
but I get the position together oh my
god oh my god oh my god
sorry I was think about something might
happen bring your dad back in yeah
master bath wait does my hair look
better like on one side no I need to
cover up that shelter that's better is
there anything else I feel like this is
it feel like this is it wait every good
drag queen needs a gimmick like
garrulous catchphrase ooh so they can
get dropped well I'm not going to
attempt that
because I will break my fucking way shop
so here's my gimmick I have these little
party poppers you know the ones that
when you thrown on the ground they snap
I remember that I'm looking up serious
they were fired well that makes my next
thing really scary because I was going
to put them in between my fingers and
say something that's even yeah but I'm
trying to go to the ER like this
actually know what fuck let's try it I'm
scared oh my god okay here we go boom
all right oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god right let's just do a test 1 2
3 mess ok 1 2 3
good work 1 2 3
huh oh my god by catching it alright
here we go one more time
whoo this beast is loud oh my god my cat
Cheetos you want to be my new accessory
oh my God we're so cute
oh my God look at us oh wow you snatched
my weave
alright let's try my new catchphrase I'm
so fishy I got two please
that was everything Roo Roo call it a
joke Blair does go hopefully you like my
drag makeover I really tried and I'm
really proud of it feel like I look good
I need I mean I don't look good I look
you know like a bag of fondant that
somebody lit on fire through the trash
but that's my aesthetic so if you want
used to more drag makeovers I think it
ends up going out or maybe all I do it
to my friend oh my god I should get drew
a drag makeover that'll be anything I'll
be sure to subscribe my channel down
below because I make new videos every
day
make sure there's not notifications of
nothing only notifications because I'm
really bitch on this website worth
watching
all right off the you clean small sorry
