- or pass like would you smash the
person or would you pass and smash means
have sex with intercourse probably would
smash them all of them know that was
exactly and I have no standards and I
can't believe the more standards these
days crazy you guys should see my
boyfriend I mean honestly I'm just
kidding hey guys yes welcome back to
another creepy video today's video is
about a myth that has been around for
years and I had wanted to do this for so
long today we're going to be talking
about the midnight game the midnight
game is an old pagan ritual where you
summon a dead spirit but not any dead
spirit you summon one called the
midnight now back in the day this was
not a game this was a punishment if you
did something that disobeyed the gods
you were forced to do this ritual and it
would curse and it's not just a Bloody
Mary type of thing where you stand in a
mirror and she appears and scares you
this is much worse when the midnight man
comes to your house you have to try to
avoid him because if it catches you he
will remove all of your organs one by
one now here's a few ways to tell that
the midnight man is close you'll notice
a drop in temperature and it will get
extremely clean you'll hear a sound of a
whisper coming from somewhere in the
room you'll see the appearance of a
humanoid figure in the dirt and lastly
kanda will go out with nobody now you
have to give this ritual activate
because that is when he comes and if you
can avoid him all the way to 333 a.m.
you'll leave your house but if you can't
now here is just one person's advice
about the midnight I've studied the
Wiccan religion and this is legitimately
a real Wiccan ritual I highly suggest
that you do not perform this ritual I do
remember reading that if you are stupid
enough to do the ritual the only way to
ward him of it is with a circle assault
well tonight at midnight
going to do something berries I'm not
going to get alone let me do with a
couple of my best friends tonight we're
gonna play them in Mack alright guys we
are outside by the fire and we're
talking about what we're about to do
which is they'd been that game drew have
you ever heard of them in that game I
have I don't know any of the specific
are you going to tell me Danny so
basically we are going to go into the
most haunted room in my house summon a
demon and he's going to take all of our
organs one by one no no no real is that
actually was like what the myth is well
there's two possibilities he can either
take all your organs or he sends you
into a nightmare dimension that you
don't come back from but then there's
also you guys are saying when you make a
wish also Lily's good things can happen
from it or no no I like only if you make
it past 333 am there's potential that
you could have good luck if you don't
lose all your organs I get sent to a
nightmare dimension so nightmare
dimension that means I leave this
physical body to someone else take over
this fires we really so big there's my
god that's video ever oh yeah so we are
going to go over kind of the rules how
it works and what we need for the actual
game but we're going to do it inside but
we're waiting for to be exactly been
that because that's what we have to do
it right yeah I just started midnight if
you break the rules
it makes them mad and then that's when
he close out your organs you cannot
break the rules through it makes it mad
I accepted I don't understand what what
the game is why would he take your
organs and there would be proof if he
ever did that someone dragged here we go
okay um it says that we need the candle
a piece of paper something to write with
a lighter salt a wind or come all the
salty and a drop of your own blood
no no I brought something to extract our
blood I'm not doing oh yes you are
no wait love it I brought to something
it's easy what if I don't want my
to be a part of your blood can to be a
part of it it's not a big deal we'll get
to it okay go on
okay this just got very real yes okay so
step one we need to write our full name
down on a piece of paper
oh I didn't use Dobson I feel curious I
tell you once a minute minute and I'm
going to be putting youtube.com slash
Shane you're good for a moment yeah and
then we put a drop of our own blood on
the paper and then allow it to soak in
we're actually gonna put blood on all
right was this written by the midnight
man oh wait unless the exactly midnight
when used to performing what yet
performing what part on performing is
later okay later we go into the room and
we turn off all the lights and we do it
all we still have time all right get the
knife look why we use it
it's don't worry if you want to things
now you want to see what I brought you
have a bad I'm ready for you I have so
many things all right well okay can I
start with the fun things there's fun
things yeah I want about you guys little
gifts just gonna make you so did it you
brought me a gift okay that's nice for
me yeah you're writing you are you I'm
actually excited to give it to you it's
all the joy this gift of grand tanks and
I thought we could look through it look
I thought I was going to be like from
Target open it I guess it's women
dollars and Shane look scented salsa and
tortilla chips pencil erasers
okay so I'll play I'm Gary okay okay no
we're get would get it spooky in here
okay I got the pencils and I got the
scariest blood color I could find oh
that's fun yeah neither fun and I know
what you're thinking did he get pencil
sharpeners yes federal so actually wait
did you get pencil Oh yours yeah and you
can even pick your color collect fun
okay
um so I really got the paper and I
thought tell me that's not cute that is
a waste now don't not review it it's not
oh it smelled like a taco
it's a oh they didn't say anything about
not using fun colored paper so your boy
got I got a construction paper the
midnight mare is not going to come he's
gonna come he's actually he's going to
go on so it's hard of just white paper
he's going on this okay and that oh my
god salt I'm super iodized salt cooler
cries just for protection right oh so
because we're going to be in one room so
it's next Oh are there longer I'm
staying
Oh also these don't have a name it just
is crunchy cheese rolls cute girl or
what I could work with you know you do
going through some changes
hahaha frame alcohol okay wait I see oh
wait my mouse right everything the blood
how we're going to the blood okay so
when diabetics check their blood they
use these right so it comes with these
little needles oh I'm scared don't be
scared there's nothing to be afraid you
what if I just don't want my blood
like it wasn't makes it too real for me
like then he really gets me like the
organ thing you said earlier that feels
related to blood I'd like that to be the
final step do you want to see them in
that man or not okay so you just take a
little wait you're really gonna do right
now okay so you just okay it'll be okay
it's carrot oh my god no we have to use
our individual blood wait I'm scared I
don't like this well if you don't like
it sorry Charlie okay and then you just
it's just what diabetics do you pull
this little thing if you love the needle
I'm just making sure my hand is clean
okay and then you give it one of those
oh it wasn't deep enough
oh god that just hit me though all the
kids doing this is homework no listen
look for you kids at home first of all
home do this because this is stupid but
it's scary right don't invite demons in
your house we're professionals we do
this little thing on yes we are we know
how to handle this we've done Ouija
boards I know but I've never put my
blood on something it feels so real well
this is baptism by fire do or die get
with it alright this is what we do our
direct boys make yourself bleep okay sir
okay so I think this will be deep enough
right you brought back no it's okay
don't know and then you just get a
little blood you see that's enough
wait wear it I'll see it that is oh
that's a lot of blood it's not you're
such a baby it's not even a thing as one
of these Cheetos these Bryn oh my god oh
my god this is actually getting real
it's just a little tiny prick and it's
totally sanitary look you got different
needles and everything okay so stuck
okay alright let's write our names down
for picture what color do you want your
note to the devil to be so we're taco is
mama how much will now have a blue as my
coloring a little good lip I think you
do orange because
your wish like Halloween oh my god I had
an actual blood drop you see dad you're
gonna die
look at that's like a horror movie look
exactly dripping down my fingers I we're
gonna miss you dad
what the hell we write wet okay our full
name first middle and even ex roll up
whoa exposed
damn it's not Dawson I got you get into
the blood I'll get you a fresh needle
for we can I just use a lie from like a
pimple yes actually are you bleeding
from elsewhere I'll find it well I just
died you're like ooh whoa drew this is
drew this you're coming out video no a
nice fight your caucus I'm gonna do it
hey don't wriggle dramatic it's fun wow
that work that actually didn't hurt that
guy no I wasn't about it skate kids you
can get your blood out pretty easily
oh I know I have to switch the needles
surrender come on don't stop it drew
you'd be brave and it makes me feel like
a record with a needle getting on my
groove is it a pot lip pop out and get
me yeah but barely a microbe ooh-hoo
good way likes it all right all right
hold on Oh show some time so now I put
blue where do I put it just like
anywhere yeah just dab it anywhere
there's the silk into the paper what I
just really wanted to do an ohm god no
no you fucking scared yeah breathe okay
here we go
then all the blood to get it I've got
plenty to spare good I drew give us some
blood what was that just a little wrong
I don't think I should have this much
blood on my hand all right there we go
midnight man we're coming okay so now
that we have all of our bloody papers a
year okay the next step is to go into
the haunted room and turn off all the
lights go to the wooden door and place
the papers with your name in front of it
take out the candle and light it and
place it on top of paper and I'll make
it oh really no scary Oh every Marty has
demons I know he's gonna do what maybe
we're giving him a friend I'm sucking
with all right we're going back to the
haunted room by the way earlier I was a
here working out and I heard some shit
from that closet so yeah I love this
room to that class you can't see past
that's horrible this is actually bad I
know
first up this is actually when I came
here for the first time you have to walk
in this room what did I say shame it's
haunted well true is terrifying no we
want to do some yeah I was expecting
something so you never know it I feel
like if you're looking for something
your brain could scream I wasn't looking
for I didn't even know Shane okay stop
biting sorry okay wait wait to turn off
the light I have a flashlight
oh the truth is that it really happened
man animal wife ESP heart stop I'm
actually I'm in wait we should turn off
all the lights in the house okay I turn
off all the lights in the house well he
is lighting the candles coming to the
next steps
okay so there's some rules that we have
to follow it says do not turn any of the
lights on do not need a flashlight do
not go to sleep do you know I tend to
use another person's blood Ernie do not
use a lighter as a substitute for candle
and definitely do not provoke the
midnight man
anyway okay so after we put our names at
the door we have to knock on a door 22
times our must be midnight did you just
fart Alaska tower must be midnight upon
the final knock then open the door blow
out the candle and close the door
you have just allowed the midnight man
to enter your house oh my god just
fucking scared you said oh okay here we
go
okay so we put all of our names in front
of the door and put candles on each okay
okay it's almost exactly midnight all
right let's do this
oh my god I hear something already okay
all right now we close the door oh my
god
you okay okay so now we have to knock on
the door 22 times and then open the door
blow out the kit go in closer no I think
we should all do it together
yes synchronize knocking ready here 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
19 please wake up boy - okay open the
door well 1:30 now what you which one we
lose it wait whose name I hear that's
yours why do you argue out there just as
close to potentially really scary
otherwise right now what now we close
the door and that invites him whoa
immediately relight your candle this is
where the game begins you must now work
around your now completely dark house
with the candle lit in your hand your
goal is to avoid the midnight man at all
cost until 333 eeeh
should your candle ever go out that
means the midnight man is near you you
must realize your candle
ten seconds if you're not successful in
doing this then you immediately surround
yourself with a circle of salt if you
are unsuccessful in both actions the
midnight man will create a hallucination
of your greatest fear and without your
organs from one by one
oh you must continue to 3:33 a.m.
without being attacked by the midnight
man or being trapped inside your toe
circle of salt two women in linking the
midnight man will leave your house 333 a
I I mean yeah I'm ready I'm ready
okay we have our candles in our hand
wait - the point is you can't have your
candle go out right and if you do you
have to surround yourself with salt as
fast as you can little salt okay well I
have this song you maybe know wrong with
you no no I don't think that's a game I
think the game is if your candle is that
you have to cover something so that's
not how this works you can't blow the
candle you can't blow out the candles
oh that you wait I'm serious Jenna of
course it did
they came from this room wait should I
go in okay let's do it midnight man wait
we're not supposed to like joke no you
should okay is you're gonna gamble to
the hole okay okay oh my god oh my gosh
it's just my cat over the road this is
where he closed oh go go oh my god oh my
- on yours no no you had no this will
run out we will we need help we need
everybody thought you could call now oh
my god who do you Remi is very here we
go around us or circle Twain where we
learn which you'll never have one sulfur
second I don't know hurry oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
lean from this oh my god we got a fifth
spot wait we're in this hole okay where
are yours no I'm getting free care oh
shit
okay it's open the table okay Ilana stop
Circle my cats look at that that was
horrifying as I just gave one sit over
well keeps just going to places scares
me sound transients I'm sure I know I
can't leave the circle but I'm trying to
light my boy candle oh wait is my candle
still not wet I'm dead I can't even move
anymore right now you're fine I'll light
your candle and we'll get you out of the
circle no but I think you have to stay
in your circle forever
maybe the midnight man will be like cool
does like he understands what we all
have to be in the video alright I'm lit
I'm going to so we're supposed to watch
out for restrain cold air my house is
fucking hot right oh it's horrible
horrible absolutely whole like they
can't really tell because it's just on
camera but like well you know Brielle
like my house is fucking scheduled you
see things all the time you hear sounds
but here's a scary thing is that even if
we didn't do a step right in like the
midnight man game or something like that
whatever other entity in here would take
advantage of this moment I was playing
with this shit so someone's going to
mess with us should we try to talk to
Wow of course that I can go like this
what if we got the recorder incredible
EVP is that scary in your own house I
mean yeah let's try it
you sure man I mean listen it's already
haunted so I guess we could try to talk
you but I'm not going to that in Milan -
oh my god by the way I was here I always
see shit moving around
oh wait if we break the rule she gets
mad right like that pisses him off yeah
and wasn't one of the rules to not use a
flashlight yeah but what if we did Oh
shame
well I wanted to come oh wait he's
already you sure you look like a minute
oh my god that is so scary
fuck it I want him to come I'm leaving
my candle behind oh I blew it out you're
alright so I guess we're going to record
it right
so okay this is actually something I
haven't talked about before I don't even
think to you guys but the first night
that we got cheeto using the living room
oh look as you're sitting with us
watching TV and if you just look and I
felt like a presence behind and all
sounds great but I felt something behind
me right and then I look over and cheeto
looking right behind me
I just search for reaching out like or
like went crazy and nothing really yeah
Shane thinks it's a good idea to do the
UT in the room where a guy died yeah I
mean I feel like it might be interesting
because it might not just be the
midnight man we might actually talk to
the ghosts in my actual house oh so
several entities crack on what do we do
we just leave it well we should put it
here where the bed was because he moved
the treadmill number you like mix it
across the room okay sure okay so
remember whenever you speak make it loud
don't whisper so we don't get confused
okay you live here you ask the questions
is there somebody here do you want me to
leave this house do you think this house
is yours
do you hate me all right actually listen
down
where's the can't yelling he's not like
that don't love that ask you one more
question are you here with us right now
give us a sign are you going to do
something bad to me when you asked that
I felt something romance my angle and I
was Tito and obviously he's locked
outside but that was horrible I really
yeah absolutely absolutely I thought I
thought for sure it was you who was
mainly a really recent yeah definitely
I'm wearing big stick boots toot sweet
white bumps against the side of my ankle
oh my god oh my god okay we should
listen back
now
and I just feel something on my move you
look really scary on camera yeah I don't
know so here's the thing I didn't hear
anything like out of the ordinary but
this room feels thought like it feels
like it's closing in on me and I don't
know if that's just me and I thought it
was making my heart feel fucking weird
and it's making me feel like kosta
phobic and I feel like anxious tonight
alone nowhere else is warm and I drew
Oh Marley Erica all right guys we tried
the midnight game I don't know if it
worked I mean you felt something rub
your leg Oh spooky which is very real
that was her yeah was scary I thought I
thought for sure Cheetos in the room it
wasn't something I also feel like I
don't know what did midnight man and
what's just the dead man authority of me
because he is here that is a real thing
that's very scary
oh the scary thing that happen Moo is
getting a lot of blood on my hand it was
really nice yeah yeah that was really
scary I bled a lot for slut brothers oh
yeah
hang on that show so listen I personally
think that this midnight game thing
might be a scam I think that maybe in
the internet might have created it they
were something like it's a pagan ritual
it's this and that I think that maybe it
was just something that was created for
like creepypasta maybe on the Internet I
guess we'll find out tomorrow we wake up
and all of our organs of God unless he's
really stinky he might have already
taken them how do you feel I feel dead
inside
there you guys go hopefully you enjoy us
planeman I came and hopefully you didn't
let the midnight man into your house
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you want me here and drew to do more
scary creepy games maybe next time we'll
try to find Bloody Mary also make sure
to subscribe my channel right down below
and it's a notification bell because I
make new videos every day if you want to
see my other scary videos I did a whole
bunch of carat injury where we go
hunting I'll put some links right at the
top of description below all right you
guys don't stay up past midnight
