god ELISA Vanderpool's here on the
podcast I'm freaking out we talked about
making out I'm freaking out about me
here we go that's a raven we talked
about the reboot we talked about
everything she sang a song she said the
word queef
it was incredible how do you feel really
really good about it I feel like we've
coming along and I'm principal letting
green guys in a bucket sound clever no
bows richard has to be guys yeah I'm
back on tour bitch you thought I was
going to go away for like four years
like Adele and come back no vagina gel
unchanged smoker if I'm coming at you
every fucking week with something new so
for this performance but it's going to
give us like a new setting you know like
in the kitchen that was like a small
arena bitch this is my Madison Square
Garden I have different furniture pieces
I have dropped bitch I have an audience
you started if you anything I think that
was the yes okay so here we go penny the
headphones back on and let's rock it
anyone by forty one time save this tell
me what it was life yeah you'll be the
death of me st. and by la
move-in do commit Jesus Christ I never
needed you look at you right now right
now cuz all you ever do is make me cool
I'm so glad at your break
give that away though I can be like
stand up
treat me like the jawbreaker you get to
come on Lady Gaga genomics if you love
my you to come back
normally I will just forget that except
for the fact he was my birthday my
fucking birthday it has a gunner doesn't
see what happens if you leave don't let
it go God not bring it till y'all win
y'all not get it just get and whenever
please Killman Aly & AJ well D o dangles
on string like slow spinning rejection
winding in winding out the money slips
away let me this way let me slip away
let me say
me when I get to draw the line that goes
to the right guy
just stop your crying sanitize welcome
to the final show hope you win your eco
just shut up you crying it's a sad time
welcome to the rhino show we've gotta
get away from here
we've gotta get away yeah
haha you were born with it when you buy
a book ordinance but you should really
is important is pretty soon you before
is it Oh Joshua hey girl if you wanna
feel sexual I was caught up a
professional to stick pins in you like
the best of all I want to do it for me
internet fame is healing doesn't it they
come with a warranty with a pretty face
make you sad
hey simmer down simmer down they say
we're too young now to amount to
anything now look around something
something something hard over I know
this part oh she looks so perfect and
there's my American Apparel underwear
and I know now that I'm so down she
looks so perfect standing there in my
American Apparel underwear and I know
and I know now that I'm so down the sock
is here the top that you're not get
enough credit that's all good all right
guys I think I'm done I figured I think
I broke enough shake hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I hope it made
you realize that you can do anything and
you can do it badly make sure you give
this video a thumbs up if you want more
singing with headphones also subscribe
to my channel somewhere down there and
it does spell shit all right you got it
thanks for coming to my concert
you know I've been looking for my cat
for like 30 minutes I think you got
Oh
