yes hey what's up guys it is once again
time for me to pray me now I'm nervous
before where I try to out these like DIY
girl pranks to see how dangerous they
actually were because in those videos
it's like oh my god I'm a bit glue in
your soda and then you're just going to
spit it out we're gonna laugh cuz of
like your best friend at the ER and the
doctors like I'm sorry girl she's not
gonna make it oh my god what you got
pranked now does not die but she can
never eat again her stomach burned up so
we're gonna be trying some more of the
most dangerous but side and pray that
you should not do it help okay first
we're going to try something that's not
dangerous it's just disturbing scary and
will ruin a childhood my videos okay we
are going to be taking an Easter Bunny
we're going to take our Easter Bunny
we're going to take him out of the box
without unboxing these are the kind of
unboxing videos I watched I became like
fuck toys bitch give me food I love the
smell of a fresh chocolate bunny oh look
at him he just knows I'm gonna fuck him
up
now as you guys know most of these are
Hollow and that is the kind you need
because we are going to be breaking them
open and filling him with fake blood now
I like this idea because it shows the
true meaning of Easter like Easter isn't
just about bunnies bitch it's about
death but it's also about resurrection
and also that big I don't really
understand that part so let's just take
our safe blood and fill him up through
the ears well I love the idea of a
little kid just biting into this and
then just thinking he killed the Easter
Bunny alright here we go
oh fuck so it's a dress oh no oh it's so
disturbing
oh I'm sorry buddy oh this is going to
be fucked up alright I'm just going to
fill this like this oh yeah oh thank god
be short dirty had blood on him don't
ask right you know I'm gonna stand up
and do this oh my God look how scary
it's always fuck cool
oh no it got it on his ribbon here we go
let's just pour this blood in here you
see the problem is you need a bigger
exit wound oh my god you can hold
blood Wow oh my god okay I think you
failed now we are just going to stand
back huh no oh my god well if the poster
you will glue his ear back on but I
don't see that working there we go
perfect dig back back on right and then
you give it to your kid and they have no
idea that you fought with it all right
so I guess looks like break him open
here just to let us see what it look
like
Oh mommy I'm so excited about my Easter
Bunny I think I'm gonna bring on the
head first
oh I love Easter ever Jesus all right
here we go Oh God oh and that's Easter
well now that you have a dead body in
your kitchen it's time to clean it up
now you could just get a little roll of
toilet paper and start wiping it up or
you could clip the toilet paper on a
paint roller and then paper take a blow
dryer do it that's isn't that dangerous
oh yeah this is the prank where you make
a toilet paper gun and shoot it if
someone while they're shedding I don't
know know you're thinking chain isn't
this just a waste of paper yes so
basically it looks like this which could
also be a wiping tack because honestly I
need it oh you because a friend Joe is
just like bent over and then they say
all right okay here we go
oh my god couple activities so now that
we have that ready we just to take our
blow-dryer
keep it to it here I don't really know
something tells you this is not going to
work but let's give it a try one two
three
you got paid I think I'm not doing it
right
this is tapas are they flip the wrong
way maybe here let's head this way oh
yeah stupid I hate this this is not a
break this does not work all it did was
now make me have to roll it all that
enough hold on maybe if I stand up it'll
work more let's try that alright here we
go
you got beautiful that wasn't a prank
that was just like a fun if you're bored
hack if you're bored and you want to
piss off everybody in your house
Susie gotta take a dump where's the
toilet paper oh sorry god I was playing
with it I need a title super guide it
was a lot of fun Susie good friend we're
all worried about you I have friends
that know you don't Susie you talk to
your stuffed animals and you know what
Susie they hate you I could see in their
eyes they want you to take a scissor
stab it to their little stuffed animal
bodies and rip out all their insides
they want to die here's a funny bad
I'm not laughing Susie and also the
Easter Bunny do remember him yeah I
fucking killed him I ripped apart is
little bunny body and I watched him
bleed all over my kitchen counter
how's that make you feel Susie what's
wrong with you daddy I told you daddy
has to take a dump bean he doesn't have
any toilet paper that makes studying
green why do you want to be like the
Easter Bunny Susie do you want daddy to
rip you in half and watch you bleed No
then go find me
some fucking toilet paper for me to do
on my go pee
I don't know what just happened but
great okay so this is a tank pop drink
so basically you're giving somebody what
they think is a cake pops but really it
is a tomato that has been disguised as a
cake pop some I call me it may know that
disguise this person you know red juicy
hated by many Tanya so basically in here
once you take a baby tomato and we are
going to roll it around in melted white
chocolate which I always just had in my
house I like to make a nice face mask
out of this use it it so sometimes I get
my cat and and throw them up on the
ceiling and watch them squirm
sometimes I cover my naked body and I
run outside and go okay I love working
from home okay so we have our tomato
we're just going to roll it around in
the chocolate move actually looks really
good
this would make me eat my vegetables but
then after you dip it in the chocolate
you were just going to pour some
sprinkled on top okay so you put the
sprinkles right on top and then there
you have it a big pop now I have
somebody in my life who hate tomatoes
and he hates them so much but he gags
and says he's going to throw up it's one
of my favorite things all right so let's
go feed this to him and another addition
of what I like to call James trying to
get his boyfriend to break up with him
so he's actually alone forever
volume 1 hey want to try um my cake
balling me all right how many people is
this a prank no it's really good it's
just cake and then I put frosting
we're broke escape I'm in the office go
he likes it well that was great he's
going to leave me for sure next friend
so this one is super easy and also super
fucking gross you take an empty bottle
of diet soda or any other soda ritual I
think Diet Coke could time on a diet
hmm
diet is going great so then you're all
going taking sparkling water which I've
never tried to do your water I'll be a
great prank for me somebody's like who
time is 7 up and then it's water bitch
unfriended oh I love that sound
it reminds me of when you're peeing and
you're almost filling the toilet and
it's getting real close so close to the
rim this is going to overflow it's gonna
get everywhere I don't know and then no
you're fine anyways we're gonna grab the
soy sauce and we're going to mix that in
so once he makes in the soy sauce with
your sparkling water it's going to look
just like a coke and then you give it to
somebody who's on a diet and they
explode from all the souls boom does
this look good all right so that looks
just like Diet Coke what does it taste
like diet coke oh all right let's give
it a try let's see how awful this is
going to be for your friend oh my god oh
my I see it even I'm crying ah that is
so crazy because it is the consistency
in soda cousin sparkling water stuff it
literally tastes us the Zico kept a
mascot depressing did adamastor Kendall
check my desk uh see whatever we use
your anyway it's as if kendall Jenner
just drank a gallon and I hope and now
she is pissing in your mouth it tastes
like all the Kardashians are kissing my
mouth Caitlyn juice it tastes like Rob
his existing into my mouth bitch it's
that salty if you cut black China's next
open and just drink it like right after
her and Rob went like a seafood look
that's what it would taste like this is
raising I don't want to give it to
anyone like I don't that would be awful
this would kill somebody but maybe also
say the first national event that time a
relative comes over and says so like
what do you do because like your kitchen
is covered in toilet paper and dead
chocolate bunny with blood coming out of
it and your whole body is covered in
sprinkles what's your job
oh I do look YouTube stuff what like
YouTube's videos so you don't have a job
well no I like make youtube videos like
that's my job okay I fart but like is
that my job am I like working at like a
fart house where I just fart all day
what like I take my ass and I smell it
am I like a professional kicking ass and
smelling it person like am i adopter
picking math I don't understand
sometimes I think about telling my kid
am I like our murderer because I think
about telling my children every day okay
this is just getting dark what I'm
trying to say is YouTube is not a job oh
I see what a diet coke yeah I'm gonna
kill that bitch
Nick Bray okay now this one is one of my
biggest fears as you guys know I hate
popping balloons
I think the sound of it I feeling of
it's the only way I can even think about
making it better would be if I put my
relative space on it and in a previous
video I did something similar to this
where I made a cake out of a balloon and
then I cut into it and it exploded and I
was a bitch yeah that was a little
little bitch well today we're going to
be doing another version of that which
is the ice cream cone prank so that is
where you take an ice cream cone and
then you put a little balloon on top
cover an ice cream the person buys into
it they scream like me or they don't
scream like ages they're not a little
bitch
oh I have not opened up a package of
ices on in a day
Wow so pretty okay I'm going to take
this beautiful comb and now we're just
gonna put a little blue on top mmm I
can't not make that noise when I blow up
a balloon I just I guess okay so now we
have our
that's huge and we're going to put it on
top fucker
ice cream cone and then you're supposed
to cover it with ice cream I don't have
any so I'm going to cover it with
shaving cream now that's just because
it's all I have that look like ice cream
don't actually do this because you will
kill someone alright so we're just going
to cover this this does not look like
you at all
aah oh God okay ice cream all right
they'll never know there's a sprinkle on
okay which is a sprinkle oh yeah oh
that's gonna get them alright now that
you have your ice cream cone ready I
divide into it oh my god I'm so scared
on so many levels
when this explodes it's gonna go all
over my face and if I swallow this I'm
gonna die
alright let's do it oh my god Oh Karen I
don't want to do it okay okay okay okay
alright ready one two three oh okay okay
we're going to order it literally she
arranges she wouldn't do this because
she's not a fuckin idiot all right here
we go let's do it okay let's do it
oh okay alright alright we're gonna do
it oh I can't do it I can't do it I'm
sorry I'm sorry I can do it okay here
let me it's maybe I'll stab assault at
it with something right is that okay can
I stab you or something oh my god me
what I'm a clown hooker what clown
hooker
sorry just saw my teacher okay don't
have anything sharp okay here we go one
two three oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god I'm literally stabbing into
another exactly why is it not popping
look like what did I just read a fucking
science experiment did I just figure out
how to make a balloon not pop you just
put like shaving thing on it bitch
you're eight nine ten look what the fuck
wait I literally think I just created a
science project because it's not popping
okay well
get out there you got prize if that was
stupid that was awful I'm sorry I mean
when I'm a clown hooker and I'm dumb
sorry that excuse it an awful logic go
home get on my bike ha ha okay let's do
one more break now this one this is the
most popular one that I've seen like
every guru do this is where you put food
coloring in somebody's toothbrush and
then it makes our whole mouth blue
that's fucked up like all of these are
fucked up but that one especially is
just fucking me because brushing your
teeth is the worst thing anyway but
nobody likes doing that and if anybody
says that you don't fucking trust them
oh my god Ilana brush my teeth is my
favorite part of the day you know their
second favorite part of the day is kill
babies fucking seeing a cat run across
the rotation with their car like that
how fucked up these people are anyway
let's do it okay so first you just take
a toothbrush and a sin blue color I'm
using neon little and then you just put
a drop inside of the toothbrush
all right here we go okay so now that is
inside the toothbrush now when they go
to brush their teeth
ha ha ha they're gonna put the
toothpaste on it and everybody thinking
about their day and how much work they
have to do how busy they are like they
are and how much your teeth and they'll
be able to get out the house how do they
can be fine change everything's in fine
it's going to be a great day this is
2017 it's a new year means half over but
like it's still a new year I know they
call it brush their teeth and then you
ruin their day let's do it oh my god
right here we go
ah me when I'm a clown hooker and I just
go too far
ah oh my god Wow that is actually
everything I will just leave it but I
feel like for me I could go anywhere
like this and people wouldn't even
question if they'd be like oh hi Shane
how are you covered in Twinkies yeah
food coloring they got some sprinkles in
your hair now that's just shame I mean
if I was a like normal person who you
know wasn't crazy
this is piss me the fuck off but I feel
like this could be my new look like
Kylie has her lip kit I have my clown
hooker kit comes with Bluetooth pays
sprinkles let's pick the white chocolate
face mask oh yeah that'll sell out ah no
I think this is annoying I'd be pissed
I hate this although I feel like the way
it covers my yellow teeth and I love
that it's kind of turning green because
it glued with yellow makes green
remember I'm a scientist uh yeah I hate
this does it suck and I have to go
somewhere right now so that's great well
thank God go hopefully learn more ways
to ruin your friendship if you want more
videos please give me a thumbs up so I
know and leave some comments down below
letting me know what other prank I
should try that oppa make sure to
subscribe to my channel right now below
and hit the notification bill about my
new video later okay and if you want to
see my last prank video where I filled
it blow dryer with flour and it's ruined
my face I open the link to Tom
inscription look at you guys I will see
you little pranksters tomorrow bye
