hey oh it's a big eye yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
now today's video we're going to be
talking about something that I am
obsessed with Oh how'd you know are you
scared
okay daddy gotcha yes we're going to be
talking about creepy hidden messages in
the song now just a couple weeks ago we
talked about how would you were first
freakiest fear song him a baby one more
time you can hear her saying sleep with
me I'm not to you and there's so many
other subliminal messages supposedly
found in music and music videos now we
talked about it before that a lot of
people gained Taylor Swift as a lot of a
little bit naughty symbols in her videos
or that she references the devil and
people even think that Justin Bieber has
subliminal messages happening in his
music videos especially the one where
you get the text behind him popping up
in and out but there is so much more
than just so today we're we talking
about a few of the creepiest now this
first one we're going to talk about
isn't even subliminal it's right there
for you to hear for yourself and that is
the true meaning behind the song Hotel
California so in 1977 there was
abandoning the Eagles who were huge and
one of their biggest songs ever it was
Hotel California now I'm sure you've
heard your aunt do karaoke to this song
and you've heard this song your whole
life but have you actually listened to
the lyrics because they are crazy
now the choir played those lyrics let me
give you a little background information
on what people think this song is
actually about people think of lyrics in
this song are not about
in fact they're about Colts witchcraft
sex slavery demons and human sacrifice
now in the song it is said that if you
reverse it you can hear it talking about
see so here's a piece of the song play
here's that same piece of the song I
know fucking creepy and that's not even
a scariest part of the song there are
lyrics that aren't reversed that are
just as creepy as that I mean this next
part of song is very clearly about going
to hell
and seeing the devil in a massive
chambers gathered public feast
stab it with their steely knives but
they just can't kill the Beast and they
can refer to see
you can check out a lot of people think
the frontman of the Eagles sold his soul
to the devil right we've talked about
before a lot of musicians the poet sadly
sold their soul to the devil to get
famous and not only does he sing about
the devil in this song if you look at
the album cover art and you zoom in
behind the party some people say that
you could see Satan hiding in the
shadows who oh that's so much creepier
than the Britney Spears was like by a
million all right so this next something
we're going to talk about is very
surprising because when you listen to it
it just sounds like a fun pop song but
it's not so there's a song out there
called big hoops by an artist named
Nelly Furtado and she's a pop artist she
makes really fun bobbysocks
but in this song she put in a hidden
message so you could only hear when
rivers
okay so let's play the song normal and
listen for the weird talk it ain't
nobody okay now when you reverse that
this is what she's talking very
specifically on number 13 on the 13th
floor and as you guys know we've talked
about it before 13 is a very important
number to the Illuminati so is she
talking about being in the Illuminati or
trying to get away from the Illuminati
and if you look at the music video she
literally does the symbol
and even croupiers have you ever noticed
that elevators usually don't have a 13th
floor they don't it said that 85% of
elevators do not have a 13th floor
because they think it unlucky I know now
listen I don't know exactly what she
means by this but she clearly put it in
there for a reason so because we let her
know all right now this next story is
really sad and just intense and that is
the story of Judas Priest song that led
to people to try to kill themselves in
Judas Priest had a song called better
buy you better than me and in 1990 a 20
year old man named James Vance and a 19
year old man named Ray Belknap went to a
playground at a local church and shot
themselves in the head now ray died
instantly
but James survived he ultimately killed
himself a few years later but when he
survived the gunshot he was left with a
horribly disfigured face now you're
probably wondering what does this have
to do with the song well the families of
Ray and James sued Judas Priest
because they said that there were
subliminal messages in a song that led
their children to try to kill themselves
now supposedly when you listen to the
song you can hear a subliminal do it do
it and of course the parents are
claiming that that is what let their
kids do it so here is that clip of the
song listen to see if you can hear
you hear it play one more time
now Judas Priest actually had to go to
court like this became a serious thing
just listen to them in court saying that
there are no subliminal messages are
there subliminal do it on the shutter by
you better than me saw absolutely not
here is video of James talking about the
incident after he survived about five
pounds of arguments over music on one of
the drugs I was alcohol it was over the
music now the lawsuit was thrown out
because there was no merit like they
could not prove that but ultimately two
people did lose their lives and they
blame us okay so this next song is not
subliminal it's just fucking creepy and
that is the song called people say I'm
no good like Charles Mann
now Charles Manson is a very evil man it
even claims to be the devil like that's
how evil he is it's Charlie Manson crazy
or whatever that means sure he's crazy
as mad as a hatter what difference does
it make you know a long time ago being
crazy meant something nowadays
everybody's crazy yeah just check out
how crazy he actually is what do you
think it is about you that makes people
want to be a part of whatever it is
you're part of
I'm brand-new everything I do is always
brand new I'm on the prints of reality I
walk a real a real Road and a real
person inside I'm not a phony I don't
put on the layers I say what I think she
won't say now Charles Manson got a life
in prison for what he did and he's still
there he's still alive and this is one
of his songs that he wrote insane and
it's called people say I know everybody
- y'all know dude
God Chuck you don't do you don't do like
that thank you sure you stick their back
raggy just hearing that song
and knowing what he did it's just all
and speaking of music and murder this
next story is insane this is the story
of a song called Texas boy in 2000 or
the hip hop artist named big lurch you
released a song called Texas point that
talks about cutting people off with a
machete and becoming a killer here's a
clip of that song and it's pretty but
Memphis games have gone already
wickedness with the Meseta foe us
already
we're two years after he released that
song a neighbor found him standing in
front of an apartment building naked
covered in blood
staring at the sky inside the apartment
he was standing in front of was the body
of a 25 year old woman named Tunisia who
had just been brutally murdered with she
was found with her chest torn open and
teeth marks on her face
now the teeth marks were just from him
biting her the cops found out that he
started to eat her and he ate some of
her organs now supposedly this occurred
because he went on a meth binge the day
before but some people think maybe
that's just an excuse either way he is
in prison and he will be there for the
and now if you go back and listen to
that song fuck enough cocaine and salad
please Persepolis massif eat this now
but bad see this last one we're going to
talk about doesn't have any hidden
messages in it it's just kind of a
hidden song that's very scary
in 1995 Michael Jackson released a
compilation album called history and
inside that album was a song called
little Suzy and before we get into what
the song is about just listen to the
very beginning of it they told me it's
not one of the creepy songs you've ever
yeah literally like from the horror
movies now some of the lyrics are
incredibly disturbing I'm going to read
some of them because I don't want to get
copyrighted but somebody told little
Suzy the girl with the tune and she was
there screaming being her voice in her
do a fall down the stairs her dressed
horn oh the blood in her hair she lies
there so tender fashions so swiftly lift
her with care oh the blood in her
now supposedly your song was written
about a real murder but nobody can
figure it out because nobody can find a
real story but there is a legend that if
you listen to this song with headphones
in a dark room and then after you call
out a little Suzy she might answer that
is just no I mean I'll probably do it at
some point maybe I'll do that in a
separate video not right now because I
get handled by right now but I get to
scariest part days will never tell
because Michael Jackson of the song and
is passed so the secret is okay so those
are a few of the creepiest songs ever
and some really creepy hidden messages
type of them but I wanted to delve a
little deeper into this whole world now
a couple weeks ago if you guys remember
I did a conspiracy theory video where I
talked about a channel called Vida
subliminal now that channel makes a
bunch of videos that are supposed to
help you with your life all through like
subliminal messages supposedly if you
watch one that can turn your green eyes
brown now once I put that video up I got
actually a lot of hate from people who
make videos like this and who love feels
like and they were saying she you just
don't understand it it works well then I
got an email from a channel called mind
audio central and this channel makes
very similar videos to be disciplined
here's one that supposedly if you watch
will turn your hair
now he reached out to me into a chain I
want to explain to you how this works
because it does in fact work and I was
like you know what let's do an interview
because I really got to hear what he has
to say so without further ado here is my
interview with mind audio cetera okay
guys I am here with mind audio control
now can you please introduce who you are
and what you do so basically I made the
term mind audio to cover a variety of
like different topics and different
audios that people been uploaded on
YouTube and I sort of created my channel
as a place where you know everybody can
get that whole like in one place so
they're using flexible Imanol unrolls
all that type of stuff you know they can
dig it all in one place so you reached
out to me after I did the conspiracy
video because you were like listen like
this is a real thing it's not a
conspiracy but it's also not creepy and
you're trying to explain it to me and I
was like fuck it let's just do an
interview because I'm very fascinated so
now you really do believe that if you
watch the video it tells you that you're
going to get green eyes that it could
work so the whole thing is you don't
like watch a video it's actually like
the audio that's in there and you know
basically what it is is just it's like
messages in there you know and you know
as you kind of talked about in your
video you know like oh what are they
doing you know and we just hi
affirmations or those messages in music
and other things and they go to the
subconscious and it basically tells us
the process like hey this change needs
to be made because your mind is like a
very powerful like body part you know it
controls so many things that are
happening that you don't know you know
you're you know taking control but
obviously don't need to consciously
think like oh I need to breathe or you
know my liberties did you like it
coverage functions and you know I like
talking to subconscious sending messages
to it you can get it to change different
things basically so underneath so you'll
have like music playing and then really
low in the music it'll be like you need
to change your eye color or something
like that yeah so then how'd but then
how does that actually manifest into
changing something can your brain change
your eye color well I think for another
instance
this is a popular video on my channel I
have a disorder syllable and you know
basically what happens there is what
people like keep listening to those
affirmations like once a day or
something that they have a schedule you
know keeps pushing this affirmation
citizen conscious you know and it sits
on your body like oh the you know
sponginess of like your bones is
changing that sort of thing you know
tell them different things to change and
I mean a lot of people have said in the
Congress that they've gotten results
some people have like taken pictures so
I mean it seemed to be like a big
success and I think the whole thing is
also just it's the amount of time that
it takes like some people are impatient
and they listen once another like you
know just jump like you know is this
real or whatever but I think I think the
biggest thing is that it definitely
takes patience like it's not something
that just happens like in two seconds
well I am NOT surprised because I mean
I've heard for years that your brain
you're only using what like 3 percent of
it or 10 percent of it or something
really crazy low and if you use the
whole hundred percent you could do some
crazy shit like that would be Lucy where
she's like moving shit around so if
you're tapping it into that part of your
brain maybe you could change your body
or things in your life like maybe maybe
it's almost like magic but really I'm in
the brain yeah the brain is amazing but
I will said it is amiss I think I'm more
accurate statement would be we're not
using a hundred percent of our brain
like all the time because there's
different loads we only use in specific
situations but ya know the subconscious
is a very powerful thing you know but
it's kind of the background of like
everybody and it can you know kind of
sorts of different things I guess you
could say you know whether you have
social anxiety or dips like that you
know it's like it's all in there and it
can all be like change and you just have
to learn how to tap into it do you think
though that this could be used for evil
I mean what if you know the government
starts putting out all these audios on
TV or a radio or what if you know record
label to figure it out they start
promoting things through the music is
that something that could happen well
first of all like it started in
advertising they basically play like
subliminals in a movie theater need I'll
sell popcorn and soda and they looked at
this and they were like holy cow this is
like so effective there's no way we
should make this legal so by my
knowledge and advertising subliminals
were made legal in those and it's why
they're like really elaborate I actually
once saw this whole thing with an A&R
commercial it was really quiet but you
couldn't hear like something lasting
from the TV in the background and if you
like turned it up and up you would
actually hear something in there so I
mean they can already be doing that so I
don't know oh my god it's a little scary
but it's also just we don't want to
freak people out either because then
when they go to our videos they're
thinking you know like oh no this is
totally bad but we want to be able to
let people know what the difference is
between life you know people using it
and advertising and people I guess if
you wanted to say reverse engineering it
for the public's benefit so it's a
double-edged sword now do you think that
subliminal messages can be used for good
like could this be used to how people
get over you know smoking or dieting or
you know even like learning disabilities
yeah subliminal they're a double-edged
sword it really depends on you know what
are you thinking for that sort of thing
you know people can use them in
commercials for bad things but you know
we can also engineer them for great
things and I think the whole thing is
like the thing to explain right there
are kind of they can be subconscious
behaviors they can be things kind of
hitted in there and yeah those behaviors
could be changed with subliminal slam
well there you guys go go check out his
channel mind the audio central if you
want to change things in your life I'm
going to be trying it the liminal
messaging could be used for good it also
could be used for bad either way it's
very very real well there you guys go
subliminal messages are very real and
they can be used for positives but they
also can be used for negatives I don't
know I just find that all of this stuff
fascinating the hidden meetings and
songs subliminal messages and
advertising all of it is just very
fascinated now you guys go if you want
me to do another video about subliminal
messages maybe in movies or TV shows
give me a thumbs up so I know also make
sure you subscribe to my channel like
down below hit the notification belt so
make new videos every day and if you
want to see my other videos we're
talking about conspiracy theories and
stuff I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the scription below
all right you guys we'll see you
tomorrow be careful what you hear
