hell that you guys yes welcome back to
another Shane attempt DIYs and proves
why he should just stick to eating now
before we get into it I just want to let
you guys know I have found out something
from the DIY world that has shaken me to
my cheesy corn Karina Garcia the queen
of slime you know her she has a book
coming out about fly that's right she
brought fuck your book about fly now as
much as I want to make fun of this
because it's a spline but I'm gonna keep
it real i pre-ordered it I like that she
didn't write a book of aberrant like I
tell us where she came from she knows
all we care about
it's her big sticky icky and that's what
we want
Karina so thank you for giving me what I
need but also I really hope she doesn't
do that thing where like every chapter
is the difference line but it like it
incorporated with her life like school
is really fucking hard sometimes from
the locker room girls with their youth
camp on bread me and see how many they
could stick so to deal with that pain
we're going to be making period clock oh
maybe already fun book anyways let's get
started and you know what we are not
going to start with slime that's too
obvious we're gonna be starting with
something very complicated that I'll go
fuck up and that is water marbling yeah
we have a bucket of water here and what
we're going to do is be taking different
nail polishes and then pouring it on top
of the water and then you dip shit in it
and it makes it pretty I don't know
confusing to me it sounds like a bath
and you know I don't believe in that
it's the first we have to like take our
colors for our Myrtle I'll go say hi to
big guy okay so I think we should start
with white this color is called less
snow you know what you should know oh
this doesn't open why isn't this opening
are you fucking kidding me
with how do I open it Bravo fucking got
it Oh such a man okay so let's just pour
this I guess right on top it supposed to
float oh oh this smell oh my god it's
like making me high making me forget
where I am
more right now seeking we should put in
some pink so I guess just like right in
the middle right I don't know
all right now let's do some yellow this
one's called mellow yellow okay so maybe
we'll just do like a plop here pop there
up here up up there oh my god why am i
fuckin good at it
this is beautiful there's going to be
everything I'm calling it this is gonna
be mad at DIY do you think that's what
Karina says before she gets to the
bushes one
she's like I'm calling it guys guys crew
this is going to be my best DIY now make
sure to zoom in while I'm pumping around
the bucket boss me okay it'll go up up
here up here up here up here
Wow fuck Museum Becca scam this is true
art I'm going to give you that some real
artistic vision bitch it is art let's
make you question life because it come
to my house you will all right I'm
thinking just a plop of green I know it
doesn't really go with our color scheme
but I'm all about blending things that
don't work which is why I'm wearing gym
shorts you know stocks in a t-shirt I'm
a DIY icon and a fashion icon okay now
we're just going to take a stick and we
just have to make some kind of a like
marble design okay this is beautiful oh
my god this is really pretty
why am I so good at DIY you know what I
know YouTube between the whole like
brand friendly thing right now where
everybody must be brand friendly and I
was like fuck that you know I'm a dirty
whore but after seeing how good I am at
DIY efetch get ready shady - um okay it
was pretty and now now it looks like my
diarrhea after Easter which with all
those peeps was quacking okay well let's
just mix a little bit more okay there we
go
all right whoo okay well I'll be dry all
right hi - marble so I have two items
here that we're going to tag in Marbella
first we're going to go with a more
obvious choice and that is a white mug
and then later we're gonna get a little
more creative with it and try it hard
get on my level gurus okay here we go
here is the white knob so I think we
just drop it in I don't
okay here we go is this safe like to
drink out of I don't care ok let's do
this 1 2 3 oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh oh my god oh my
god oh my god it's beautiful it's
fucking beautiful wow oh wow oh my god
youtube hello as my video a brand
friendly this is so pretty
oh my god fucking morning routine just
got more crap which by the way my
morning routine is taking a dirty mug in
my sink peeing in it because it too lazy
to walk to the bathroom and then dumping
it down the drain
so morning your teens come this is
actually beautiful I can't even handle
it
does it dry like this let me do it
literally going to be like this cuz this
she can't even handle my coffee that she
definitely can with me oh my god this is
everything this is crazy I'm so excited
right now I love my new life hello mine
too DIY I okay let's do it again um
should I start over probably okay I got
it I got and just want you to scoot all
of this oh my god that was satisfying it
that looks like an extension I ripped
out of some bitches here at the
Coachella she's like I had so much fun
but I had a lot of pain right now
let's do another marble I'm thinking
we're going to go like Muji on this one
so we're going to do a purple some kind
of little zigzag moment oh yeah oh
that's good okay cool and then a little
bit of red like we want this to be bold
oh yeah and then you know what a little
bit of silver sparkle oh this is so
pretty I'm so genuinely excited right
now
oh god Who am I okay here we go just
want you to a little swirly oh my god
that's so pretty oh my god yeah bitch
okay yes okay sure we did them up now
I'm feeling like we should try something
a little more preheated so I'm gonna try
to Marble a Barbie now I do like this is
going to be cute because like it's going
to almost give her a full body tattoo
moment which we all know is the most
attractive finger to do and that's no
change all my tattoo Queen alright here
we go
one two three Oh
and my god ah bitch win Coachella hit
you like oh my god and go home Coachella
is over this is like a bitch you see it
Jenny is like a circle jealous over and
she's like cannot get out of it with
some mancakes bitch I need food
this is crazy but also like I relate to
her that's how I feel daily can you see
her face that's parrot heart oh god this
could be like a new urban legend
she's like a new creepypasta Marvel
Barbie if you're ever playing those
discount Barbies from the Dollar Tree
Marvel Barbie will come into your room
of the building I find you okay let's do
one more
Marvel your let's put her over here in
her cup my name's Kurt mood all right
that's my morning your cue surprise
their cup of coffee big enough that I
can drown myself it okay so I'm kind of
running out of nail polish I have one
more purple left it's going to jump out
in here they'll breathe great here we go
nothing more pretty than purple it
grieves okay perfect now let's just stir
that around you that looks gross maybe
some blue yeah right alright time to dip
the car right here we go one two three
all right
and the big reveal oh oh my god wait
wait this actually is kind of pretty
what the fuck wait here they can really
do that though when you look in the
mirror and you think you're pretty and
then you take a selfie you're like oh we
actually look though like it kind of
looks cool right I mean yeah that kind
of looks like you know all the talent ah
bees were heading on a trip and then the
car flipped over they all died but I
don't know it's kind of cute right
autumn about the dead Teletubbies just
make her wait
we should put Barbie in the fucking car
we've already done a morning routine
bitch let's do a day in my life
and literally my life is scaring the
shit out of everybody on the road making
people scream where's God now oh I love
this I want to make toys for children I
wasn't a choice for children so they
know what reality is this this is it me
after I drove through Krispy Kreme and
got a bunch of jelly filled I mean all
in all I think this DIY was successful
and also DIY is this fucking me alright
next DIY but they're like we worked up
an appetite with all that hard work we
were just doing so now it's time to make
a rainbow milkshake now you can do this
with like a Frappuccino or just don't do
this at all and go outside and play and
be healthy I chose a milkshake so I
don't know chase here now that me trying
to get out of the movie theatres be okay
credits rolling just a second got it got
the empty cup here and have to empty cup
here but how we're going to do it
actually I had no idea
wait I figured that okay we have a bunch
of little baby HUP
and we have a bunch of food coloring for
the colors of the rainbow that I had to
Google what can I say I'm a bad guy okay
so we're gonna lay out our little cup
and we're going to put some milk shake
it all of them we got it feel like I'm a
mom you know moms are like okay kids
everybody gets a little bit too I went
well kids you know I'm gonna kill a bird
one we're not going to make it to number
two I think they're not supposed to be
this melted and I think this is not
gonna work I mean when I had a kid um I
don't think this is going to work I get
a new one never mind I'll eat it okay so
we have our little cup ready for the
coloring all right little drop of red
little drop of orange little drop green
little drop purple yellow and blue all
right so now we're just going to mix all
of them up separately
lulu-nee okay now we have all of our
colors done it's time to layer them in
our cup
okay so we are going to start with the
first color of the rainbow which is look
at my google red it's red okay so we're
just going to put the red at the bottom
this is not going to work I think this
would work if it was like thicker but um
the watery so now it's just all going to
blend together isn't it
oh well fuck let's do it red orange okay
not really work paint next is yellow
then of course is scream oh wait but the
top is pretty though okay
this is everything then it's a little
blue oh fuck
and last but not least a little purple
oh all right you know what hold on I
don't you can see this but it actually
is kind of cool like if you look at the
outside of it all the color so then if
you look on top
it does actually kind of look like a
rainbow I mean you know like a rainbow
after like the end of the world but
still actually kind of cool did I kind
of just start anything they're already
gonna go to McDonald's be like hi gonna
head end of the world rainbow milkshake
I mean look that's actually kind of cool
look it looks like my table oh my god
Dennis this is pretty I love this I'm
excited about this I think I did
something cool I think I just created a
fucking trend what it is because there
was like a unicorn latte so this would
be a oh my god I figured it out yeah the
hell is having milkshake Oh can't you
just hear them screaming oh my favorite
flavors PO I actually like this I'm
excited I'm proud of myself
good job Shane so I would say this is
successful and also these are the
Teletubbies and I'm the big creepy son
baby all grown up
black yellow okay so we're going to be
doing one of crema Garcia's famous line
and this is one that I saw in one of the
thumbnails and I thought for sure with
clickbait and then I watched the video
and it wasn't the command machine is an
epoxy oh god I am obsessed with it ya
know she really did that like you really
did that okay let's do this I have my
Hot Cheetos I have my glue and I have my
used marble bucket but you guys know the
drill
first we're going to pour in our glue
into our bucket then we're once you fill
this with water for that is then we're
going to put in our colors so I think
I'm going to do a little bit of red and
also a little bit of orange for that
fiery punch alright so let's see how
this love oh my god it actually does
kind of look like a melted hot cheeto
her okay so now we're going to put in
our say flow still don't know what it is
I should probably look it up but I know
you have to drink it or it kills you so
now adoption right here we go yeah
winging another slime is for a ride oh
oh that's a good one fuck look at that
oh I will never not be impressed with
myself all right so let's just plot this
on our table oh oh yeah oh oh my god oh
wow oh this is a good one oh fuck oh my
god I don't know why I love it name
something in your life that you love as
much as I love flying all the way okay
so now it is time to add the Cheetos
Corina girl why you got to ruin a
perfect slime
here we go out so we can pick it out or
come in yeah all right girl
I trust you usually but I don't know
about this one oh this is not working
here we're just spreading it's literally
just spreading and going everywhere
it's ruined the slime what hold on oh my
god oh my god oh my god it's spreading
it's gonna fall off of my table oh shit
oh fuck there's nobody here to help you
guys are not helping oh no oh God okay
okay I don't know - do I need to ever
talent but I also need both hands to
keep them from falling oh my god oh my
gosh my dog licks - something dead okay
I got one I got one I need to build a
moat I need to build a moat okay okay
I'm going to try to run this to the sink
which me off yeah they just one was
unsuccessful and also DIY is there a
bench in my space
okay so I know the plan was for that to
be the last one but because the last two
fucked up I want to do one I'm new-look
going to work and this is something I'm
so excited about this is magic putty
that also melt and this one's going to
fuck you up like I literally played with
it for two hours left I do with that
okay first you're going to need some
cornstarch whatever look that is the
water animal Tupperware so you're just
going to take some cornstarch dump it in
your cover we're okay and then take some
water and you're going to mix it around
and it's going to kind of start to form
this like putty
so keep mixing in some water and then
it's literally going to feel like hard
like I can't explain it because the
feeling is so crazy the only way I could
explain it would be like quicksand
like literally your finger does it sinks
and then you like can't kick them out so
this is the great part ready for this so
take a bunch roll it together right
nicob all right I'm going to show you
can really see this basically I'm making
a ball so I make them all take a ball
make a ball make a ball we call and then
look bitch it's turned into liquid it's
so crazy okay feel like I need to give
you guys at this angle hold on see if I
can do that okay all right making the
ball okay ready 1 2 3 right but look you
can mold it back into a ball do this is
the grossest mess you've been here I've
ever done okay look ball slime this one
seriously like I'm not even making jokes
right now you really need to try this I
literally did this last night for like
two hours
false Wow
oh I love it oh my god oh it's really
feeling good right now close your eyes
and watch this video it's gonna be a
different experience oh yeah see it's
like hot dog and oh that one was
everything yes it I'm going to say this
one successful and also reminds me a lot
of TV let's go hope you enjoyed this
weird DIY video oh this is going to be a
bitch to clean up I'm just going to not
clean up this video and sit here for two
more hours and play with this shit oh oh
good oh I wish you guys could like feel
this with me once again watch this video
your eyes closed oh my god okay hold on
before I go let's do one more come on oh
this is a good one oh this is a good one
hold on oh my god oh this one's big hold
on keep watching with your eyes closed
oh shit
okay alright oh this one's huge oh my
god oh look how big that is fuck why
she's going everywhere
alright one two three oh nothing right
now
hi what do you guys know hopefully you
enjoyed this gross weird video if you
did please give it a nasty slimy thumbs
up and if you want more DIYs let me know
down the comments what I should try also
be sure to subscribe my channel okay
something new videos every single day
and make sure it's a notification bells
there you do a little Nadel and if you
want to see my other trying out my
videos where I've made a magnetic slime
yes bitch kill me level I'll put at
least have to get the top inscription
below alright you guys I got I gotta go
this is just day what you guys see you
later I would might do my whole life
thing but I I can't I can't
so high bread everywhere
Oh
