biggest loser was my everything was a
huge part of the reason I lost weight
I'm just making eyes with you and I went
up to you and I literally froze and I
was just like and be like nodded and
smiled and he said I know gave me a hug
and I said I just I don't and you're
there to go shut up
hey was it be good yes today we're going
to be doing another conspiracy curiosity
now today's video is packed we have so
many things to talk about so let's scoot
first we're going to be talking about
something that is very disturbing and
also very scary betrayal and that is the
theory that some serial killers are
actually on YouTube now we've talked
about this before there have been people
who started as youtubers and then turned
into killers back in 2014
Elliott Rogers killed six people at his
college and the board he actually did
that he was on YouTube vlogging talking
about how he wanted revenge on people
that had wronged him I will not let this
slide it's an injustice it needs to be
dealt with then there's another youtuber
named trade Eric Sessler or as he called
himself on YouTube mr. Quillan now Trey
had a lot of different types of videos
he did anime short films blogs but in
2012 went from bloggers to killer here
is one of the last videos he made I'm
going to reward myself with a probably a
two or three week break coming up here
from YouTube videos we'll just one month
after that on March 20th of 2012 he
killed his mother his father and his
brother he is known on YouTube as mr.
anime this self-styled film critic whose
videos have been watched more than a
million times yeah according to police
in Texas
this guy studied murder before becoming
a mass killer the 22 year old is now in
jail under five million dollars bond and
a suicide watch now on YouTube there
wasn't that
signs of the killer in his real life he
started at a younger age killing animals
killing personal pets he moved from that
shooting large animals has talked about
setting a few small grass fire I know
but he confessed to the murders and said
that he in fact killed we have a
chilling video confession tonight from
Tracy slur the young Montgomery County
man who killed his family here our
family is protected
at the same time
if anyone was going to be a channel is
still up today and all the videos are
still there and I stumbled on one that
that wasn't that creepy until you
realize that he killed his family I'm
just kidding you got it today I'm doing
a tutorial on how to make it look like
you've been stabbed I've been stabbed
but you don't have to be with this
tutorial at least not for real now this
leads us into our first conspiracy which
is there is another channel that is
popped up on YouTube that haven't
uploaded in over a year
but this channel if it's real is
somebody documenting thatl killings now
I heard about this from one of you guys
a girl and Danica wrote me an email
telling me about this channel and it is
super fucked up it's a YouTube channel
called Robert Helpmann
all the videos are starring a person
named Daisy except there's a twist
Daisy is a dead body inside of a body
bag and you never see her face also
Robert Helpmann died in 1986 he was a
famous dancer and actor he was born in
1909 and died in 86 so somebody made a
channel using his name showing them
playing around with a dead once again
before I show you some of these videos
I'm just going to let you know this is a
very disturbing especially if it's real
which it might not be but this is oh my
god now the first video that he uploaded
on this channel is called Daisy arrived
I know
first of all terrified second of all you
probably noticed a subliminal message
that popped up on a screen for split
second but if you pause the video right
26 seconds you'll see this it says there
was two sheet there church the up and
worms so you now I have no idea what
that means but I'm sure it's some kind
of message
then he uploaded a video called Daisy
settles in and this one might not help
you probably noticed that this one had
somebody talking in Reverse well if you
play it backwards it's actually some
like Santa Claus Christmas message and
it's talking about giving and receiving
gifts so maybe Daisy is his gift yeah
my levels of heights please come on now
up Prancer now the videos can even
scarier when another person starts to
make an appearance and in this video you
can see the guy with the mask on putting
Daisy's body onto the kitchen counter it
lets me out that there really a fool you
receive although I think at the last
minute he employee is called easy
now in that final video's description it
says no no no no no no no she left us
and now there was no Daisy no Daisy
Daisy Daisy we want Daisy back bring us
back Daisy will you need her we need her
here she should be here always here hmm
now hopefully this is a joke or some
kind of art project but nobody knows I
mean I did a bunch of research I looked
around I couldn't find a source which
makes you wonder I threw out their
channels out there where people are
playing with dead bodies or killing
people
and people just haven't sounded yet I
mean there's millions of videos on
YouTube and thousands are uploaded every
minute of the day and I'm sure there's a
few really scary ones that we hope
missed all right now this next
conspiracy is a little less scary but
more fascinating to me and that is the
theory that Gerard Way is a vampire now
obviously you know Gerard from My
Chemical Romance one of the biggest fans
of all time and they were pretty famous
for their shocking very disturbing
images that they would put in their
music videos so obviously when you look
at that and you look at the way to draw
a stand did its makeup in hair it
wouldn't be that surprising if you
really love vampires but that's not the
reason that people think this there is a
bigger reason and it fucked up my head
first I'm going to show you a clip from
an interview of drawed in 2000 but in
the end I think I started to see some
kind of beauty or release in death and I
think that made it even more so to
become death obsessed all right let me
show you a clip of an interview that
happened ten years later and he
literally looks like he has not aged is
there anything else winning right yeah
I'm having fun thanks for having me
same thing here awesome thank you so
much no problem what hold on gentlemen
perspective Keith forty years old you're
trying to tell me that a 40 year old man
looks like this there's no way there is
no way that this guy is 40 not just for
some comparisons let's look at pictures
that other celebrity guys who are 40 so
here's a picture of Blake Shelton who is
exactly 40 years old yeah okay he
definitely looks for you now let's look
at a picture of Jimmy Fallon is 42 once
again he looks his age he looks around
40 no it's once again look at a picture
of doorway 40
no fucking way now listen before I keep
going I just want to say Jimmy Fallon a
Blake Shelton they look great
I'm not saying they look bad or old or
something I'm just saying they look
their age how is it that he don't look
so young it's almost as if he's getting
younger I mean just look at this
side-by-side
it's crazy I mean come on like he's
never okay obviously he's probably not a
vampire but there is something going on
I mean he is literally not aged and
there's been a lot of other celebrities
that we've talked about the past that
had that theory of being a vampire
because they don't age I mean remember
Pharrell that guy literally has never
aged all I'm saying is there will never
be a theory that I'm a vampire because
you look at Ross okay so speaking of
celebrities not being could be seen we
have a couple more reptile I videos now
last time we showed that video of Miley
Cyrus with her reptile eyes and it
freaked me the fuck out well now we have
two more now this first one is a video
of Rihanna giving an interview and look
closely at her eyes
now if you didn't see it let me show you
a close-up
one more time in slow motion just to
really see
what that one was just as creepy as the
mily one I mean her eyes literally
changed right in front of us I mean
listen it might not be real all of these
could be fake but I don't know I've
talked to a few people that are really
good at special effects they said to
recreate that and to do that on an
interview and make it look that
high-quality is very hard and very
time-consuming which makes me wonder who
really would take the time to do that I
don't know I could watch these videos
for hours somebody please
create a reptiles of me that would just
all right now this next conspiracy
theory involves hidden symbols that are
on your now I'm sure you guys have heard
of this before there are supposedly
hidden symbols all over my I mean a lot
of people think that giant is some kind
of symbol of the Illuminati but the
symbols get even crazier once you start
folding your money now this one is crazy
if you fold your twin dollar middle a
certain way you can see the Twin Towers
on fire after the planes hit under your
lip now also scary from the left of the
bill you see American and on the right
you see United and those were the two
names of the airlines are the two planes
that crashed into the building's boom
like you see the buildings you see
American you see United you see the bulb
on fire at that one this really really
freaks me out so it makes me wonder how
many more symbols are in our line or are
there clues but things that are going to
happen that maybe be a little bit
naughty set up can you figure out how
the world is going to end just by
folding of our dollars I mean it sounds
crazy but maybe it's all there right in
front of our face now there's a lot of
other hidden symbols in money some of
which are a little more far-fetched but
this next one as crazy as it is still
really gives me chills so look at the
center of this dollar bill does it look
like something to you to look familiar
I'm going to do a slow transition to
show you what people think is
oh yes there's an alien right the sender
now it's always see like before I was
like I don't really see anything and
then after I saw that on my all I see
England I mean clearly that one's a
little far-fetched still creeps me out
okay so our next theory isn't really
theory it's just more proof of something
that we've talked about before now we've
talked about how fake the news can be we
just did a bunch of those in the last
video but this video that was sent to me
by viewer named Fiona really just like
took it to the next level now this is
kind of adding to the theory that maybe
all the news channels are under the same
script
just listen to these couple news anchors
say the exact same thing watch who are
you really shopping for this holiday
season it's okay you can admit it if
you've bought an item or two or ten for
yourself well it's okay you can admit it
if you have bought an item or two or
maybe ten for yourself
now I know you're thinking Shane it's
probably just a coincidence is it okay
you can admit it you bought a mushroom
or ten for yourself it's okay you can
omit it if you borrow my number two or
ten for yourself yeah I mean I'm sure
that's it right nope okay you can admit
it if you bought an item or two or ten
for yourself okay using a minute you
just bought an item or two or ten for
yourself I mean that is a very specific
thing to say and they all said it in the
same exact tone the same flexions like
that's crazy so it just makes you wonder
do all news channels get like some kind
of a script that's up to them and who's
writing that script
okay that's a little crazy but you get
what I'm getting at okay now this next
thing we're going to talk about is kind
of funny but also not like at first I
was laughing and then I really started
thinking about it and it just blew my
mind now we've kind of dabbled in this
before talking about how there might be
cyclical messages in cartoons and movies
and how there's probably a lot of
subliminal messages to kids because like
their minds are the most impression well
there have been countless number of toys
that have been banned - taken out of
stores because they said dirty crazy
things but sometimes when you see this
videos you're like I don't know if it
really said that
did it really say the f-word to really
say bitch or are we just hearing well
then I've done email from a girl named
Sylvia and she told me about her toy
experience and I fell down a dark hole
on YouTube and I found out that in 1998
there was Teletubby toys that were
supposedly saying really active things
now of course you remember Teletubbies
do you remember how fucking creepy that
show was I mean the way they all looked
and talked and moved the fact that the
son was a baby I mean all of that was
just way too fucking creepy for me and I
would never want my kids watching as
well in 1998 they release some toys and
one of the toys supposedly said sagging
over and over again and then it said but
I mean you heard it right like I'm not
crazy obviously I mean a lot of people
heard it so many people in fact a lot of
toys through that toy out they did not
want to sell and of course the creators
of the toy line the show were like no
it's just gibberish that's just how they
tell each other is talk but then I got
me thinking then what the fucking tell
us of he's been saying on TV this whole
time to our kid what if they've been
saying really dark and parents just
don't know because I think it's
gibberish
I don't know just move the fucking lady
in the body bag and the fucking money
with the alien on it now this it's just
it's all too much let's do a quick
Mandela effect now I know I talked about
how it was kind of over the Manziel
effect and I think it's kind of done
well then I some two things that once
again sucked me back in now of course
the most famous Mandela effective one
that started it all with the fact that
we all remember Berenstein bears being
Berenstein but then they said no no it's
always been bearing state well clip of
the Simpsons and going viral lately
because Homer thinks exactly the same
thing that we do the bear went over the
mountain
it's like States and now the confusing
part about that clip is the book does
say state but he says Steve so is that
just another glitch in the universe they
get even crazier because in there only
things they say Berenstein I gotta go
back they literally say themself I had
too much well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoyed this conspiracy
theory video and if you want more
conspiracy theories and want me to do
these more often please give me a thumbs
up so I know also make sure to subscribe
to my channel right down below
it's a notification bell because I make
new videos every day and if you want to
my last conspiracy theory video and all
the other ones I've done I'll put a link
to a playlist right the top of the
screen below alright you guys don't
believe everything you see
