guys oh my god is it a partner I'm call
me man we did a podcast Jillian Michaels
it was incredible oh my god oh my god
she could be died sips we talked dirt
about everything is incredible go check
it out how did you enjoy it oh it's good
for me
ha ha console shade of red my hand you
guys okay this video is going to be
fucking weird now if you remember a few
weeks ago I got the Kris Jenner cookbook
and I said this if you want me to do a
video where I just make recipes and try
them this book give me a thumbs up so I
know I really want krysta talked about
my body well be careful what you wish
for bitch because today I'm gonna be
Kris Jenner and we're gonna cook us some
food
all right see you there it's me who oh
wow yeah I mean hi it's me Kris Jenner
now I know what you're thinking fuck
what happened to this bitch the answer I
don't know but I am wearing a whole box
with Kyle and Kyle eiders you all can
tell I'm dead
welcome to my kitchen I've never been in
here let's do a tour this is ooh laughs
I've ever get how strong I am a lot of
built-up anger in there this is the
cabinet that I keep on Wow a lot of
medicine I don't know if you can see
that but mom's sick I'm actually dying
also I get a lot of diarrhea this is
almost empty anyways I'm so glad you
joined me in my kitchen I'm very excited
to cook up with meals for you fat fuck
now let's go over to my other camera to
show you the pool what a meal here is
not another one to find full Kris Jenner
and all things Kardashian wow you don't
get that okay let's move that along and
Oh what is that board product this is
called Kardashian glow I really don't
know what this does we should buy this
is a I don't know but that's my name on
it but let's get to the cookbook now I
love cooking my favorite part of it is
holding enough I also love getting a
bunch of carrots laying them out on my
counter and naming them oh I don't know
Kim Khloe Kourtney Kylie kendall and
then I guess anyways let's look inside
oh these look good Nicole chicken nachos
I don't know who that is but yeah this
is the first dish I think of when I
think of Nicole Brown since oh no I
guess I make nachos to remember my
friend who was murdered by OJ oops that
is dark I don't even have any jokes for
that we're going to move on okay number
one position a rack in the center of the
oven is preheated Oh
take that I don't know if you Battin do
help any one of the employees I say who
all are secretly planning to kill me I
will figure it out are we need a pair
Babu I don't know what happened to this
pan but that's what it looks like when I
call okay I'm just going to rip this out
in a medium bowl mix together tomatoes
scallions jalapenos baba cooking is
boring let's bring some of my club
everything was going great but we were
having trouble coming up with a name for
our show one day one of our crew members
was late and he said I'm so sorry I'm
late
I'm just having a hard time keeping up
with the Kardashian everyone stop
talking it was total silence everyone
turned and stared at her and said what
and she got it oh my god that's it
keeping up with the Kardashian fuck yeah
that's magic what are we doing you know
sometimes when I'm in the bathroom when
I make it big all Dookie I say that's it
that's my current mood then you know we
all high-five okay the media Bowl Trump
expand on scallion ropesburg okay so
let's take this tomato and we're
supposed to cut them into chunks ooh
what they remember should that be let's
call her Caitlyn now I don't have a nice
because I'm not allowed but I do have
scissors now let's jump up
you're looking beautiful cake I'm so
happy for you I'm so happy that you are
happy I'm not at all bitter or angry
what you did to me you left me and now
you're crazed everybody's sad bagels are
done now that that's done we're going to
chop up these things I don't know what
these are but the color reminds me of my
daughter
that's better yes all those cuts I was
up to they love each other
Katelyn kids say oh hey yeah you know
what mom does mom fuck some random
rapper guy she member the club and every
once in a while while they're fucking he
accidentally calls her Nana
it's not his fault his Nana's dead
because she was very old and I remind
him of her Tanya mmm that looks good I
have to call the tops of the onions
Courtney because they're useless all
right now we just mix in the jalapeno
yeah okay oops whoever it is is gonna
have to keep up with the toilet paper
got to keep up with the planner whoops
all right now that that's all mixed
together we're going to take our big
play some chips on so I got a bag of
party-size chips
oh I remember when I used to party no
one showed up
paparazzi came though love that Caitlyn
at a party said a birthday party to
divide me that's my obsession got lots
of the mail or so I say lots of the
female I don't want to be triggering
perfect now that we have our chips on
the platter and everything's going great
we're just going to pour on top our
family mmm delicious not at all hateful
and awful and money-hungry
speaking of which uh stir some money on
these no I got plain money because I
didn't want to put real money on it
mainly because I would never put real
money inside of my mouth only my ass and
that's to keep it safe let's just
sprinkle those 50 statistics off of it
here's a nacho platter spot what's next
oh gee it's a sharp cheddar
I like cheese that has a name that
reminds me
sighs you know sharp everybody thinks I
fucked Scott Disick I did all right
hold on that chatter now just can add on
some mozzarella all right none of the
cheeses on there oh fuck we print out
the chicken I got a whole chicken from
route I don't know who he is but he was
still did a lot of gross people go here
to roust reminded me of back to when I
was poor I just don't understand people
who can't afford private jet how do you
get around I don't really know how to
debone a chicken I'm guessing that means
to rip the flesh off the bone which once
again I fantasize about with my kids
Columbus chickens Kylie Wow
Kylie York eyeliners are doing so well
your makeup kid is selling out you have
your own spin-off show isn't that great
oh good I love my children
Oh perfect now let's just hit some of
Kylie skin and shred it up on top of
these nacho all right now that the
chicken is on top tips and Jesus trying
to put in the oven now this is my
favorite part I like to watch my family
burn if you listen real close you can
hear them all screaming all right now
first we have to wash off Kylie has
called me Tyga I want to take somebody
with an animal name maybe Hitler just a
big fat rapper I fucking hit those who
gave me money all right let's put this
in the oven mmm can't wait all right
cook let's read another excerpt from my
book can just can open up a random page
and start reading here it was really
funny and we laugh about it sure enough
I got pregnant oh my god I love that I
love laughing getting pregnant having
the baby feeling it with the money like
a little pinata reading it with a stick
until it's a papa now hundreds sometimes
I fantasize about filling up a baby like
a turkey shoving it with Diamonds money
and then just stopping on it pretty boy
and Daily Express what are you dreaming
I'll leave in the comments below not
already oh my god guys look we ever
dance no so while I was cooking the
nachos what could rolled it hi what do
you think of my look you look fabulous
great can't wait to fuck you you ready
for Kris Jenner to fuck you
you know what somebody needs to try by
nachos you want to give them a try how
about if Kylie tries my nachos hey Kylie
want to try my nacho I'm chill yes I
have some questions for you first Kylie
your breasts Tigers you can call them
Tigger and let it do you - hahaha hey
you want to get the nachos out of the
oven yeah sure yeah just use your hand
no you don't need a glove it's fine
you're made of Steven haha wow those are
look bro all right Kylie here's what
we're gonna do you're gonna eat these
gross probably toxic nachos and Mama's
gonna laugh all right
oh wait first you got a cover and sour
cream something I love morning's
covering my family of white cream shall
we make our money
yes which part you are money no you're
chicken oh that looks good seriously mom
I have an event in like 30 what do you
have to do lip kit from oh you know
sometimes I have daydreams where I think
about you dating an actual tiger and
then it rips off your fucking bed let's
add salsa alright this is kind of like
your family's concert his blood that's
my favorite part which partly because
Kendall good show now she didn't make
the cut she's in the sink
wow that was his name he's the sour
cream now he's not even here alright
here we go
oh fuck yeah I'm gonna make you the
perfect piece let's get a big piece of
cheese over the dip that ride in this
our crane and this was the cup fucking
girl can't forget to put a little sissy
listen I am NOT eating that money don't
act like this is the first time you got
a 50 in your mouth member 57 members go
shorty it's your birthday I hold I guess
you know what robber I thought vanilla I
remember would be popular anyways
alright here we go
get a nice close-up view fern well I
think you should I think it's nice for a
mom to see her child remember what I
breastfed you I mean up difficulty I
tried to breastfeed Chloe and she's bit
my dear all right here we go
Bottoms Up boo okay yeah don't spit
Kardashian don't spit Jenner swallow let
me shit around me sell it how was it you
have a cookbook I don't know come on
give a review an honest review it's
really great like everything that we
make as kardashian-jenner what do you
think Kendall's doing she's so pretty
ha ha ha you know we should do let's go
to the doctor I had a few more ideas I
was thinking we can chop off your stupid
head and I could take it and I could
just play basketball with it that would
be fun is that friend friendly and
positive good ads on this video I don't
I think you started drinking again you
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna stab
you you ungrateful bitch well guys the
cooking show hope you enjoyed it oh
let's see how it feels to be my daughter
wow I look old make sure to give this
video a big ol thumbs up kind of like I
do when I'm watching my child made a sex
tape
good job honey ultimate journey
subscribe to my channel in that
notification bell I really enjoyed today
it was great you gonna love before we go
let's just get one more look at those
beautiful nachos Oh
my horse is going well I guess for
readers you know you can get this built
on Amazon which is where I used to live
back in 1800 anyway let's read one last
package I never imagined that my
necklace would be so not changing
no but seriously goodbye where you guys
go that was me I don't even know but I
just wanted to try something different
and I wanted to scare you finally come
back over let's say goodbye oh oh my god
this is sexually confusing me in a way
that I haven't seen yet
say goodbye you look like someone at
Coachella that died you look like you
went to those under 18 my club and died
you look like Danis failed if they die
oh this is crazy guys aren't you enjoyed
this video on what the fuck it was but
uh let me know down the comments if you
want me to do any more weird fucking
creepy videos I don't know
all right I'll see you guys
