I'm so fascinated by people and how they
live their lives and one of the people
that have been most fascinated with is
Trisha Paytas so today I'm going to be
switching lives with Trish being you is
really hard today so I feel like I need
to challenge you now so tomorrow and I
want you to live a day
Hanabi guys yes today is the big day
where Trish is going to be me now
yesterday I spent an entire day is Trish
and I still have the makeup on my face
because it's never coming off I don't
know what her morning routine is but it
has to involve a damn chisel and a cup
of acid because that's what I need for
this anyways Trish is on her way and she
has no idea what she's truly getting
herself into
so here's the thing my life is pretty
different than what you probably think
it is you probably think that I don't
shower and I lay around all day and eat
Taco Bell and that's only half true my
real life is actually kind of a lot so
not only do I eat extremely healthy but
I also go to the gym every single day
and see a trainer and then on top of
that I have this YouTube channel which I
love but it's a lot of work and then
when I get home from all that I try to
keep my relationship going with Ryland
and he's busy too it's a lot so I'm
curious to see what Trish thinks of all
of that but the one thing I think Trish
is not gonna want to deal with is my
animals not only is she terrified of
dogs but I think she hates cats and I
have both and they're both terrified all
right Trish is on her way I'm gonna go
shower just kidding that's not what I do
actually know what it's a big day let me
shower fresh and clean see you think
Trish okay so Trish texted me she is one
minute away and she wanted to drive but
I said I don't drive pooper huh so she's
gonna be pulling up in her big black
uber oh I think right now oh my god
she's coming yeah I told her not to
shower so she better not smell good
notice the old pizza box empty root beer
bottle and empty vodka bottle yep that's
my life I hear the Escalade
oh is that my future twin yeah okay so
you didn't shower didn't shower Thanks
well first of all you're gonna get
attacked by animals right away no
sobbing my life we also have inside a
little surprise for you is it an
alligator
I'm not Jacob all ooh I hear a dog I
hear I'm barking from here I don't think
you've ever met my dog I always lock him
up when you do is try to have sex with
him and then he's going to say I'm tired
let's go in the shower I just I make a
sauce I only crowd my balls this morning
you guys already probably know this cuz
I mentioned it but Trish got me this for
my birthday
hey yo my house I love you so skinny
room of us naked of you guys like
touching fingers like that painting we
don't have enough wall space there was
no show those photos really the view
would not have you so I didn't know how
to have them alright here's the surprise
so you hired a makeup artist for me I'm
into you so of course I'm gonna hire
makeup artists to turn you into the
gross fuckin Pig of media
you know it's pretty accurate oh yeah
so nyota's kidding so let's talk about
the loop she did in the shower did it
perfect now how much work do you think
it's gonna take to turn her into this I
think I'm gonna fill in your brows we
definitely want to do a little bit of
facial hair maybe a little ranch
dripping down all right well it's like
the worst makeover so ever because when
you feel ugly you feel like well fuck it
ya know
we each other yeah my hair that is so
good we do like a like a conspiracies
coming is it look hers looks cleaner
problem okay now that the hair and
makeup is done it's time for wardrobe
way I'm like that what is it then you
know me I have a lot of options okay so
here is the closet oh my god
I know all of these clothes are Islands
and this is my wardrobe oh okay love
emerge Queen that's okay so that's it so
I watched these stop it a month stop it
so they're pretty clean yeah oh and of
course we have amazon.com slash in
Boston I love that though that's
actually iconic mmm these shorts I've
been wearing for years so I take a step
into our bathroom so feel free to make
yourself it okay
me after I cleaned it all right head why
they're so dirty I should have washed
those
you didn't wash them change it I found a
hot if I were her I would never touch
those underwear I don't have anything I
think it'll be fine
all right are you ready to see your new
boy yeah all right change you point out
come on up
oh my god I yeah this is actually very
accurate can you do it like a 360 for me
you're okay you have a lot of booty
that's for sure there we go from a merch
Amazon that comes on the boys
your first task as Shane is to help our
island feed the animals
so we first do it oh my god yes sir do
you know if we don't break it out okay
no he's gonna time that play you can
tell when he's good to eat come shake if
you stand in front okay
hey I'm like obsessed with this dog
alright so now that the animals are fed
I just got a text
the trainer is almost here oh no this is
the fart I'm turning the most but I got
a special one for you he was from an
Eminem music video Oh mmm
you'll mmm yes we only Stan Eminem only
get really attractive but it also looks
like he's gonna be really brutal and
kill us oh yeah I need to work out my
legs are very thick from Christmas oh my
god we got the trainer's oh my god good
morning so I've never worked out with
you before yeah what's like your thing
my thing is to do something that pushes
you guys to the edge I'm going to take
your muscles and stretch them make them
super strong you're like a signature
move oh so this is holding okay let me
show you first I do so you go here nor
you go on three do you want what are we
okay
all right ready and situps
I think that's it I need water only
drink diet coke actually we kill that no
wonder you're so slim think okay now
that we've worked out and worked up an
appetite it's time to eat mmm love that
so there's a restaurant right down the
street but I really like going to and
you're gonna take us there in my Jeep so
there's a few over there is my people
stop it so at some point today you might
have to pee in a bottle
oh my fetish but that's gross and what's
a protein I don't even know how to turn
a key literally I usually have a bud
okay so I actually have a little prize
list so I literally never drive Ryland
always drives me around oh I need to be
on my Twitter same so it's like if he's
not offering I am his uber you're doing
great sweetie
thanks for doing that
my verified sections I need to have a
little smoother I get carsick same the
source price I know whatever I get in a
wig like you I feel just rich and
powerful and famous new and I'm
wondering Williams
thanks man this is your favorite place
as the chicken big yes and Friday here's
all the good stuff chicken fingers
mozzarella sticks mac and cheese by 8:00
so we get a play of just like a girl
and then can I hear the chicken fingers
damaged enough your food office I think
you
oh yeah how do you dad Cheers
and you look good
we don't spit out our veggies we spit
out okay after that amazing meal I'm
hungry we're gonna go to my awfully yeah
now we're gonna sit with Garrett have a
meeting about what the video is gonna be
and then you're going to film your first
conspiracy video husband really all
right
goober get a get us there okay ready ah
whoa oh it's three stories so there's a
lot of stairs
like seriously can't tell we did the
conspiracy phase oh wait the only thing
I don't like about it as you can see
yourself in it here's your folks Oh
so these your books so obviously your
tiaras your queenly there's some money
over you
here's the money oh yes keep it I have
10,000 more at home your son wait let's
say you are so gay so are you still
single
oh yeah still working on that she didn't
tell you to say that
okay so cherishing do great for you yeah
cuz this is what Shannon I do we do our
research together we figure it out and
then he shoots the video but like you
down for this you want to jump in I'm
ready I'm ready I watched the conspiracy
theory yes I know I know this three
stories of stairs every time okay and
Harry Potter ill it was like that was me
talking it's cute the first ten times
that isn't me every day okay so wait we
need our inspiration oh my god
even better like that how it goes every
time Oh
so anyway Shane I thought we could do a
video about female serial killers okay
love do hmm
oh that's the thing about me I kind of
hate everything and you have to sell me
all right I don't I don't get it sell me
on it okay
women don't kill for Satan's sex cheap
thrills or any other voyage they kill
for resources money and power the
cluster thank you give your line and
then use a hand that you're twisting oh
I thought that all about me find
everything on things
Alliance okay so the line is this
females know how to cover their tracks
the average killing spree of a female is
an astonishing 11 years that is such a
long line okay the average also a lot of
baztan emojos never covered so what was
really crazy is that I found out phenom
of covering their tracks in fact female
killers and an average have over 11
years of the killing spree
now that doesn't scare you so no that
one was kind of silly or maybe not so
scary but this next one you might sorry
ready to see the conspiracy room this is
new which I just started welcome to the
conspiracy transformation so you're
gonna sit in my conspiracy chair oh my
god you look like me wait look at the
camera oh oh oh oh are they alien are
the Kardashians vampires okay
for reference to make sure you look
exactly like Shane let's do one of these
okay and then just to make sure Garret
looks good let's oh oh that actually
looks like me look at the little white
on this way with the 2rz smile down here
show that in between every conspiracy
ago we're not gave me chills and then I
picked up got beer table go so you look
up at the camera scary boys if you fuck
up just go okay so we're gonna set the
camera up on the tripod so it feels just
like a conspiracy
alright here we go warning what you are
about to watch may make you question
everything you thought you know viewer
discretion is advised hey what's up guys
welcome to a new scary video today we
are going you're talking about serial
killers but not the traditional serial
killers you may think of you know like
the men today we are talking about
yes good women and I'm sure a lot of you
guys know women in your life that could
be on this list so we're gonna talk
about all the reasons why women are
serial killers and why they kill number
one they do it better yes men can be
stupid but women they're smart and I
know a lot of smart women I don't know
about you but women on a daily basis
creep me out no wonder sir men are so
fucking stupid and so fucking dumb I
mean it's no wonder women kill them I
know I would
reason number two is cuz women are like
chameleons the killers are like everyday
people Christians white upper-class and
it's honestly so scary that when you
walk down the street you may see a woman
who has killed 11 people mangled up in
her basement not one is really intense
honestly I've had the chills I'm sorry
how is just move on to the next that was
too dark for me okay and number three
when people don't just kill for Satan
sex or cheap thrills they kill for money
power resources not one of my personal
most interesting stories that I was
researching is this one Abdullah Fein
Laurie she's tell it to almost 90 people
thanks just thinking about that 90
people okay so she was a well-to-do
socialite in New Orleans one day her
server was brushing her hair when she
pulled a little too hard minutes later
she was thrown from her balcony
and she was killed dead on the spot now
the craziest part of the story is that
because of her status and her socialized
she got away with only a 300 dollar
flying honestly goals that just goes to
show you can get away with anything and
honestly that's the creepiest thing
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
conspiracy theory video just be careful
you never know what's out there and
honestly you stay safe guys if you ever
feel something weird about even a female
your life and you think oh she's a nice
woman or oh she has money or you know
whatever the case may be just always be
on guard and listen to your instincts as
always please be safe and honestly I'm
gonna this video if I did it right every
word myself we have one more video to do
today
I know a video Oh everyday bro so we
love to prank my mom so I thought
because number one my mom was a huge
Trish man but she loves you more than me
love she says that a lot more than she
does Shane first into stories about you
like
No so I was thinking you and Ryland walk
up and knock on the door
don't pretend to be me and we can prank
are definitely more haunted than ours
yeah honestly you look so different and
my mom might be on like an anxiety pill
so she might not what would you say we'd
be happier into the visible orgy be late
I would be fast like give her a hug in
the side like tell the dogs to get the
fuck away from you one being that we
have in common is we're both single
there was a guy at the furniture store
down the street that you had restaurants
so I thought since we're having a
problem finding my mom's guy I'm gonna
surprise her the date from her favorite
guy Jesus Christ
so Garrett's on the phone right now with
five or Jesus it's gonna be glorious
let's do it
Oh
