hey what's up guys my name is destory
and welcome back to you what the fuck
five movie sets are extremely dangerous
places a lot of people don't really
realize how often injuries happen wild
movies are being filmed which mean all
the huge moving camera equipment stunt
work and even just some accidents with
the set piece especially surprised that
there aren't more deaths on this list of
their arms that set for days with about
five we countdown the top five deaths
that happened on a movie set and also I
should mention I'm going to try to go
through this as lightheartedly as
possible but it's going to be some
graphic scenes and details about some of
the deaths so just in case that bothers
you you've been warned
so number one Brandon Lee the crow aside
from being personally one of my favorite
movies the crow had its fair share of
terrible things behind the scenes that
almost made it the movie was never
released chief among them being the
untimely death of the lead actor Brandon
Lee and see what Lee is supposed to be
shot by Michael Matt Smith character fun
boy the prop gun had not been unloaded
from a previous scene where they used
dummy bullets and shot him point-blank
in the abdomen at first everyone saw Lee
writhing in pain and just thought oh
that's just he's a good actor when he
didn't stop they realized he had
actually been shot and they rushed him
to the hospital where he was pronounced
dead on arrival fortunately thanks to
lead stunt double and special effects
they were able to finish the movie
similar to how they completed Furious 7
after Paul Walker died only this was in
1993 so obviously they didn't try to
animate that suit because it just
would've looks fuckin monstrous some of
you who are watching might not have been
born in the 90s but just to give you an
idea this was what good animation look
like in the 90s yeah unfortunately no
the actor who shot Brandon Lee was so
traumatized in the event that he took a
year off acting and even refused to view
the movie and still has nightmares about
it to this day as for what happened to
the footage of Brandon leaves final
moments alive the shot was removed from
the movie and most claimed that the
footage of it was destroyed forever
number two Harry O Connor in xxx so for
a while in my life I actually wanted to
be a stunt person you know just jump off
huge things do fucking flips everywhere
and staged fights and shit is so fun but
then I realize how dangerous some
people's jobs movie are and that just in
the last seven years almost 66 stunt
people have been injured in big-budget
film
this next one is no exception at Harry
O'Connor and stunt man on the set of xxx
actually died from the stunt in the
movie during an action scene Harry was
trying to rappel down a parasailing line
and jump onto his submarine
unfortunately harry didn't rappel down
the line fast enough and hit the pillar
of a bridge at high speeds which killed
him instantly it was a second take of
the stunt that killed him the first one
was done without incident and that stunt
they actually kept in the final version
of the movie check out
it's just fucked up to think that like
20 minutes after this was being filmed
it resulted in him dying the director of
the movie Rob Cohen decided to keep the
stunt in the final version of the movie
as a respectful nod to this tough man's
final stunt I know it's fucked up that
someone died because of this but I
honestly think if this guy could choose
a way to go out this would have been it
we're dying doing something he loved was
probably just below dying in the middle
of an orgasm because let's be honest
that's number one for everyone right I
can't be the only one number three art
Scholl Top Gun so art Scholl was a pilot
and flight instructor hired to do some
of the camera work for some of the
flight scenes in the movie Top Gun
so show was instructed to do a flat spin
which is basically a spin where your
plane has to be completely horizontal
this trick has been known to be pretty
difficult to land apparently as I can't
find a single video on YouTube where
someone does it completely 100%
successfully and doesn't die seriously
so my question is why would you make
someone do a almost 100% impossible
stunt but assume that has never really
been successfully done and be like cool
you got that odd no like anyways show
lost control of the plane in the middle
of a spin and continue to spend until he
crashed into the Pacific Ocean and they
don't really know what caused the
accident only that his last words over
the radio were I have a problem I have a
real problem if you want to see just how
terrifying his last moments alive
probably word was probably pretty
similar to this
yeah anyways medics tried their best to
revive Scholl after the accident but
he's pronounced dead after just a few
hours in memory to him and his family
the cast and crew dedicated Top Gun in
his honor
number four Bruce Lee entered the Dragon
so if you don't know Bruce Lee was an
amazing martial artist and actor who
appeared in over a dozen movies from the
50s to the 70s when he finally died in
1973 the ironic part about his death is
while it was on the set of Enter the
Dragon
it wasn't while any stunt or martial
arts of any time were being performed
instead as Lee was finishing dubbing a
movie in a studio in Hong Kong he
collapsed and was rushed to the hospital
and this was a huge surprise everyone
because as you can imagine Bruce Lee was
in great shape his breathing was
probably stronger than the average man's
punch huh Wow
don't sigh it me that hurt so when
doctors finally looked at him and
diagnosed him with a cerebral edema
which is described as a swelling of the
brain due to excess fluid so Lee left
the hospital that day and it seemed like
everything was fine went back to his
normal life well later he collapsed and
was found dead of the same cerebral
edema but even stranger is that no one
really knows why or what may have caused
it some saying that his painkillers
might have caused it like he was
allergic to it maybe they're saying that
maybe the fact that Bruce Lee smoked
weed and it was the only thing in his
stomach that day was the actual cause of
his death which is ridiculous but what's
even weirder is that Bruce Lee was
actually the father of Brandon Lee
another guy I mentioned on this list who
also died on set so like father like
such as Cruz and finally number five Vic
Morrow Myka Diddley and Rene's shingi
Chen The Twilight Zone movie
unfortunately it was excellent more than
one person died as a result of an on-set
accident that is still considered to
this day the worst onset accident in
film history the victim aura was an
American actor who played in his fair
share of action movies from the 1950s to
the 1980s when he died in 1982 onset of
the twilight zone movie alongside two
child actors Myka Diddley and rene
shinji chen were only six and seven at
the time of their death as during one of
the film's most dangerous scenes
involving a helicopter helicopter float
too low to the ground to avoid the
pyrotechnics and explosions and it
caused it to dive into the ground
taking morale and crushing the two child
actors with extra fucked up is that that
footage still exists to this day while
it doesn't show anything super graphic
just knowing that three people died in
this footage is pretty fucked up
the silver lining I guess this whole
thing is that no one else was injured
the pilot made it out alive
all the people on set were fine the
accident that led to legal action
against the filmmakers which lasted
nearly a decade it eventually led to the
change of regulations involving children
working on movie sets at night and
during special effects heavy themed
Hollywood also avoided using helicopter
related subs for many years following
the tragedy until CGI came along and
allowed actors to be safe from any harm
and also add the last thing I just want
to say I've no way trying to disrespect
any of the people who died in this list
while it is unfortunate that death did
occur in all of these instances I just
find it really fascinating and I hope
you guys do too for that visitors that
said what the fuck sighs hopefully you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more every
single week so it's all in one breath if
you're confused about Who I am you're
about to leave a comment saying who is
this where shape or who's this queer
make sure to check out my channel at
youtube.com slash Captain death that's
where I just uploaded a video of me
going on omegle okay you gay you want to
put your finger in my butt okay I'm not
an Almond outdoors with no time you want
to see that check that out in the
description down below that's it I'll
see you next time for another what the
top five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
