hey what's up you guys yes you're
probably thinking Shane why did you just
wave at us with one hand usually you
wave at us with both it's because my
other hand has a cat in it now you guys
probably already know cheeto because I
showed him in another video he is trying
to get away from you fast as he can he's
screaming oh yes this is my new best
friend he loves me fast I love you in
cat I guess I've already introduced you
guys to cheeto he is um wait showing how
much she loved me I've never heard that
noise he just threw up on me he's
actually darling okay now anyways yes
that is the new love of my life so yes
my life obviously has had a big change
in it recently with this cat and now
it's just because of that so there's
been a lot going on with this cat that I
have not talked to you guys now it's
mainly because it has been really really
confusing and really incredibly
depressing but before I get to all that
first off let me explain why I got a cat
so me and Rylan felt like mundo needed a
friend you know like we hang out with
him and stuff so we go to work he's here
all alone I mean decides you know the
ghosts and demons over the mouse but
besides that he's alone and every time I
take him to my mom's house and she has
dogs and cats he like so much fun and he
loves the cat on my mom's house loves
them so we thought well maybe we could
get a cat for you know to be friends
with because I cannot have two dogs at
his house so we have been talking about
this for like a month and then we went
to an animal shelter and I was not
expecting to fall in love with a cat but
I fucking did and then we left the
shelter with a cat named Bubba and the
guy his shelter goes oh you're not going
to change his name right and I said no
changed his fucking name right away and
they gave him to us in a fucking box
almost like he was you know like a pair
of shoes or like trash
no I'm just kidding they were really
really great at the animal shelter and
yeah they gave him to us in a box and
then we took him home and I was just a
big old excited bitch guys oh my god I'm
carrying cheeto right now into the house
he's going to be you know for the first
time I'm terrified I don't know how
we're going to do this I think what
we're going to do is open up this box in
my office and like let him like chill
and run around and get to know this
space and then bring it
no N and hopefully you know doesn't eat
him so then we decided to bring the box
into my office and put it on the couch
and we were terrified because we didn't
really know what was going to happen we
didn't know if you know was going to eat
him or like maybe there wouldn't even be
a cat in the box maybe they actually did
give us trash either way I was excited
oh my god are you ready
okay cheeto cheeto Oh just across the
hall maybe monchita oh I think that's a
bring up they love him pretty much if
it's summertime he's a hot cheeto oh if
he gets that he's a pussy cheeto if you
know Ethan was a crunchy cheese oh my
god this is his new spot bitch this is
his new spot he's going to be in my
conspiracy videos
he's like a Spears a cat he's a catch so
then after we let cheeto out of the box
we decided that it was time for Muno to
come into the room and meet him and I
was fucking terrified Cheetos two years
old we rescued him that's all we know
he's a boy and he's murdered and he's
neuter his name is cheeto oh my god I
love you I love you so much do you think
you know I don't know I guess we'll find
out
oh my God he's so cute all right we're
gonna go man oh my god I'm scared oh my
god I love him so much
okay like the fuck the floor denied be
gentle
he died remember or bang me oh my god
I'm having a heart attack
wait he seems funny is it well I think
your life oh my god okay I'm gonna take
a romance movie Hey
- cheeto has no Fox do you like it
cheeto gives enough up hey baby
yes thank you good boy thanks for
listening to that ok
you are nichijou ok no no no I'm gonna
come up here security come on tt-this is
oh my god poop the first meeting ok ok
they're gonna be best friends now fit
hey oh my god hey oh my god hey cheetah
think he knows
so then uno and cheeto just kind of like
stared at each other for a long time
like it almost felt like like a Nicki
Minaj Remy Ma thing you know like who's
the queen of rap like who is the queen
of my house like there was obviously
beef in the room and I was just waiting
with my popcorn to do what whatever I
want their interaction to be a choice
okay I don't know if that's gonna happen
it took my mom's cat like a long time oh
yeah it's okay when I when this happened
in my family they kept hid under the bed
for a week so not in this run alone so
it's not like it was kind of going good
for like a second and then Remy making
guide to a fight
Cheetos grumbling oh my god that did not
go well dr. gurwich in case you missed
how much is a fucking little bitch I was
let's play that clip in slow motion yeah
that's that's me so then after the two
queens of rap we're going at it we had
to do some research to find out how to
make them friends and not fucking kill
each other I'm currently watching videos
on how to introduce your dog to your
camp so what do we do he says we just
have to take it slow and let the cat
choose to meet the dog but the dog has
to be on a leash well Cheetos gives no
fucks when Kelly no got close he's
dangerously cheesy and then something
kind of crazy happened I have never been
a cat person I've always been a dog
person like the only time I ever even
connected to a task was when I saw one
dead on the street because I'd be like
fucking me but besides that like I've
never had
motional connection to account I don't
know what happened in this moment but I
literally became like soul mates with
this fucking tag like I actually really
fucking fell in love with this cat and
here's like the moment where it happens
she loves me because she oh I love you
hey Chino oh my god mm-hmm
oh my god my fucking boss I can't take
this
oh my god oh my god I can't wait for Ono
to be here and I will alway together and
I'll be like one of those crazy old
people that's covered in animal so then
something happened after that
that felt like the beginning of
something bad so basically it Ryland is
started getting like hives on his arms
and he started like sneezing and his
eyes got red and we both were like oh my
god are you allergic okay
update there is a chance that Ryland is
a logic which is not good because I love
Cheetos so you think you're allergic no
not so what do you feel when I have a
big like red rash on the back of my neck
and I got all itchy and my nose is all
stuffed up and it's after I was petting
him so I'm scared
go see him again he misses you so then
Riley went to the room with cheeto and
kind of like South with him if I could
play with him and the whole time that
was happening I just knew I was like oh
my god fuck I'm already like so attached
to this fucking cat and I'm gonna have
to get rid of this cat and it's
literally going to like fuck me up and
now like in the fun way the kids say
like it's not going to fuck me yeah like
this is actually which will emotionally
fuck me up so then I started doing some
research and I found that there was a
shampoo that if you watch your cat with
it can make people who are allergic less
allergic so I try to get in a bath which
was a bad idea so and you know that and
he fucking
Skeen showers will be dead dish we know
fucking me and me use our Oh
so then after the bath Ryland was still
like breaking out and stuff so he went
upstairs and I just sat down stairs with
cheeto and got more fucking attached to
him
violence plan was to go to the doctor
the next day and get an allergy test and
see if he is actually allergic or maybe
there's a pill he could take so until
then he was just going to like not
really touch the cat and I was going to
kind of be like the mommy
well then cheeto started feeling is so
fucking at home here bitch even did a
house tour
yes bitch give us a house tour clean
that's outside we never go out there
that's the fridge we always go in there
and that's the couch that's where we
live he's touring the house he's doing a
morning routine with birds a morning
routine
we can't happy using we're used to so
sense cheeto was more comfortable in the
house I was like okay let's try to make
him in whoo no friends now like they've
had a little time to cool off
like running went to her side Nikki went
to hers like the beef isn't squashed and
the whole time I was having an actual
fucking panic attack yeah he's like at
about the Lichtman gig
come on you guys gonna look your dicks
together sit oh my gosh
sit oh my god oh my god okay okay okay
damn he's I get on my level bitch oh my
god oh my god I'm a hey I'm freaking out
what he jumps out at me scared you
shadow shit okay oh my god this is so
cute I think they're okay
I think I'll get some no Fox no cheater
keep signing well cheaters trying to say
hi but also fine get away from me yeah
or that be nice be nice call home okay
okay so the fun is good that was good
yeah oh my god oh my god they're great
you think oh my god it's like Mean Girls
like Regina George
Lindsay Lohan I'm stacking a guy cuz of
my the lesbian oh my god oh my god I'm
going to cry I'm so happy but then like
slowly but surely they started really
getting along and it was fucking cutest
thing I've ever seen
in my life oh my god oh my god they're
friends and then they started playing a
lot and they've been like running around
the house and licking each other's asses
it's like a couple goals they love each
other
oh no I got them name better love story
than this always been you know got too
close and a pizza vigil whoo no the
watchdog fuck out oh shit now you
scarred and now you scared but then
after that day just became like a
success with the children okay I'm gonna
die oh my god
I fucked it up I ruined it oh fuck well
it was cute while it lasted and then it
got even cuter and they even started
kissing oh my god oh the cry I love it I
love it so much
I fucked it up again then they even
started sleeping in the same bed and
like I think fucking why like things
were going so good until I asked them to
share food and they were fucking having
that okay guys it's Sunday which means
it's time for a treat I got you guys the
Papageno which dad has quickly let me
know is a scam and fraudulent well yeah
it's from Starbucks so he's not being
true to the Papageno and this is copy me
well it's just fucking with cream that's
all it is
that's what we've learned correct listen
I want them to have a real normal
childhood they're not getting named
Williams vegetarian coffee beer coffee
bean is a name brand she's a sad khaki s
sister to Starbucks we drink coffee bean
every day I know bitch I'm relating to
her guys Papageno subject hey hey hey
punk Gina wait Gina look food Bochy
laughs ooh cheetah food food no no don't
leave me don't leave me food oh he's
talking about that
you see Ono ate it I keep wanting to
call him Oreo Oreo handsome this is
literally me and you at a restaurant
trying to share food and you're like let
me taste it I wanna get the flavors and
I'm like please let me fuck it all right
no back in alright or no come on and get
that long tongue in there bitch oh my
god yeah I love a pet nuke bang no no no
I made so while all of this was
happening over the course of like a week
it was also really really fucking hard I
didn't film like the sad stuff because
that would be weird
but while all of this was happening and
while they were getting really close and
while I was getting really close to
cheeto and we were also dealing with a
whole rylan thing so he went to the
allergy doctor and they did tell him
that he was allergic to cats
which is so fucking weird cuz he has
never been allergic to cats before but I
guess now he is so during that week we
were going to try to figure out what
we're gonna do because Rylan was going
to start taking allergy shots which is
like a whole process like you have to
take of every week for like years and
there's a chance it might not even work
and he'd have to take a pill every
single day and I of course don't want
him to like live like that or be
constantly afraid of getting sick in his
own house because like every night for
like the first four days he was just
covered in fucking like shit I even
thought of a plan that was so fucking
crazy I was like okay what if I get an
apartment for like filming videos and
like cheeto could stay there and then
like I'll go there everyday I'll hang
out with him and then I'll come home and
then I'm like that actually crazy I was
just like desperate I mean literally two
nights ago when me and Riley were laying
in bed we were talking about what we
were going to do and there are a couple
options were taken back to the shelter
which
just didn't want to do or give them to a
friend because all of our friends are
obsessed with him or have our Island
take all these pills and beyond all this
medicines for fucking who knows how long
and just the idea of getting rid of this
cat who I like formed this fucking crazy
bond with I started crying harder than I
think I've ever cried to a point where I
think it scared him I think it scared
Cheeta Cheeta was like growing their
tears that's a clear I know I was like
actually devastated I cried for like an
hour and it was really really fucking
hard but then something kind of crazy
happened we woke up the next morning and
Brian didn't have any bumps or anything
and then the next morning he had like a
little one that was it and now today
even had anything and we've been hanging
out with cat all day so this is a clip
from earlier today when we were talking
about it and yeah
okay guys so it's been almost a week and
Rylan has not had any breakouts or hives
or rashes okay that's a lie the other
night I had a huge rash all over my knee
that was ringworm but know what man
there were literal but we took pictures
I have receipts as I was gonna have to
give him away but today I was holding
him I haven't broken out at all so maybe
it was because he was really sick maybe
I was allergic to his sickness also
you're acting like I'm the only one
obsessed with this cat it was my idea to
get a cat you didn't even want a cat at
first and I made you get a cat because I
was like oh no I needs a friend but I'm
not like you're acting like I'm the
crazy one it's like obsessive the guy
you're up says look at - I do love the
cat but you have like this bond with the
cat that I never expected those like a
little bit scary because you'd like your
child and you're obsessed with him I
came down to you versus the cat you
already said if we had to get rid of him
we will that's very very last resort if
I start like not being able to breathe
because we have a cat in this house then
we're going to have to get rid of him
but right now it looks like we're going
to be able to keep him also I grew up
with cats my entire life so I never
thought this would be an issue until I
started not being able to function with
a cat now so guys there you go I think
he knows might stay with us he does not
get no fucks no flex but I'm excited so
yeah I think we get to keep cheeto I
think I don't know I'm still
give it like another week it's all the
bumps and fucking all the other shit
comes back we need to figure it out
because I don't want Rylan living in
like that health but as of now pretty
sure the cheeto is going to stay and it
makes me so happy I don't know why this
cat so much it's really fucking weird
this had not left my side in like over a
week scenario that is the full story of
cheeto and how we got him and why I
haven't really talked about him that
much in videos but I really really hope
it works out and I hope we can keep him
because I just really really really love
this cat and he loves me so much and I
love him Remi and Nikki they got my
thing ever so guys say welcome to
cheater Dawson Babu he's going to be
here for a long long time oh my god I
love him so much
he actually does love me he doesn't like
the camera but he actually does love me
I was not convincing aren't you guys
hopefully you enjoyed that video I know
this was kind of different
I've never really done a video like this
but if you like then you want more of
like these talking and then blogging
whatever give me a thumbs up so I know a
make sure to subscribe to mention like
down below and it's a notification bow
because I make new videos every day
Heights you guys me and cheeto into it
I'll see you tomorrow
my
Oh
