hey wassup you guys yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
and today's video isn't just creepy it
might be one of the scariest videos I've
ever made and that's because today we're
going to be talking about some theories
about the end of the world now there
have been tons of movies made about this
before in Armageddon the world was
destroyed by a meteor shower in deep
impact everybody was killed by a big
asteroid and then in 2012 literally
every single thing that could go wrong
went wrong and wiped out civilization
now these movies are scary and fun to
watch but they're not as fun when you
realize that something like that will
now if you think I'm crazy just take a
second to remember that this has
happened five times before in our past
now of course everybody knows about the
Ice Age and everybody knows about the
big meteor that killed all the dinosaurs
but there was four other events in the
Earth's past that wiped out all living
things and just last year NASA even said
that we are overdue for a worldwide
extinction and we are not prepared so
today I'm just going to be talking about
a few of the theories of how the world
right okay so first we're going to be
talking about one that I cannot believe
more people are talking about and that
is the theory of the Yellowstone Caldera
volcano
now this volcano is one of the 20 super
volcanoes that is on earth and if it
erupts we are all gone so basically the
earth is just one gigantic ball of hot
water and all of that he creates a crazy
amount of pressure and that pressure
needs to be released and that's what
volcanoes do they erupted 50 times a
year all over the world at random times
and when they do erupt it's usually not
the lava that kills people it's the big
smoke ash cloud that forms afterward
that does once there was an entire
roaming city called Pompeii where 2,000
people died after volcano erupted and
they all died instantly because of the
hot ash cloud their skeletons were
literally found in the exact same
position of what they were doing right
before it and that is exactly what would
happen
the Yellowstone Caldera Yellowstone in
Northwest Wyoming land of geysers
mountains and lakes is also sitting atop
a supervolcano and it just took what
scientists described as a deep breath
causing miles of ground to rise
dramatically that's right so underneath
Yellowstone National Park where people
go to family pictures and go camping
underneath that is a huge volcano that
will kill all of us now not only will
the amount of hot lava and hot ash kill
tons of people in the surrounding area
the cloud of ash alone will spread so
wide that it'll block the Sun and that
will kill all living things and
scientists have been speaking out about
this for years
and no one's listening we're do we are
do forget Yogi Bear okay forget Old
Faithful it's on sitting on top of a
sleeping giant now if you're sleeping
next to Nate 800-pound gorilla you
monitor every burp every snore of this
gigantic gorilla because when it blows
it could destroy the United States as we
know it now here is the scariest this
volcano erupts every 600,000 years and
the last kind of erupted with 640
thousand years ago which means we have
40,000 years overdue that means that
this thing could blow any second now
here's a clip from movie 2012 where they
have it explode and it's and this is
exactly what it would be like
yeah and that would kill so here's what
Yellowstone's government-funded website
says about this event nothing can be
done to prevent an erection
the temperatures pressures physical
characteristics that partially molten
rock an immensity of the magma chamber
are beyond human ability to impact much
less control so in other words this
thing is going to explode someday and
it's going to suck all of us up and it's
not a matter of if it's a matter of and
again we don't want to panic anybody it
could happen tomorrow or it could happen
a hundred thousand years from now it's
black magic trying to predict exactly
when it's going to blow but we do know
one thing one day it will blow yeah why
is nobody talking about this why am I
just now learning about this I guess it
doesn't matter because there's nothing
we can do to prepare anyways so this
next possibility of how the world's can
end is probably the scariest because it
seems the most possible and that is
World War 3 first we'll talk about the
past world wars and how many people died
in World War one over 17 million people
were killed in World War two over 80
million people were killed now those are
two huge numbers of casualties but
there's one reason why World War three
would probably kill and that's nukes now
as you guys know nuclear war is
something that people have been talking
about lately and are very very scared of
and it's for good reason this is
something that might happen and
literally would be just the biggest
amount of destruction we've ever seen
now back in World War two a nuclear bomb
was dropped on Hiroshima and 80,000
people were killed used now Albert
Einstein one of these smartest people
that has ever been on this planet he
said this I know not with what weapons
World War three will be fought but World
War four will be fought with sticks and
stones so basically what he's saying is
World War three will be so big in so
massive that it will wipe everything out
and then we will be back to the Stone
Age now in this current moment over
16,000 nuclear bombs are owned
nine different nations and most of them
are way stronger than what Hitler's now
Russia and the United States only 90
percent of those makes and as you guys
know from watching the news and
everything that's going on right now
Russia and the United States for having
us in conflict with two different
nations that both have thousands of
nukes that is a very scary idea that
those two places are in conflict and
news articles have already been saying
that World War three is coming and that
we are now the nukes don't tell us the
fucking robots definitely will and that
leads us to our next theory which is the
artificial intelligence table now as you
guys assume the Terminator movies or the
matrix then you know what we could be in
for if we keep trying to make artificial
intelligence a thing if robots are
created to mimic people and also be
smarter than people and also at some
point in emotional intelligence we're
done and we're not far from that
technology has moved extremely fast here
is a clip of a robot named Sophia
talking about what she wants in her
future her goal is that she will be as
conscious creative and capable as any
human in the future I hope to do things
that just go to school study make art
start a business
even his my own home and family but I am
not considered a legal person and cannot
yet do these things what why does this
robot want a family
how can a robot even think that that is
terrifying here's another clip of
another robot that's been created that
it's just as lifelike as the last well
what's it like to be a robot sure I am
happy to be a robot it's fun like being
one of the first and Explorer of all new
frontier for Humanity I know walking
creepy as fuck there's even a robot that
can get angry
yeah like have an emotion
by mr. marzen magic aha
honeypot making any kinda go home what
happened she got angry now all of those
weren't scary enough there's a robot
that I can't even put into words how
fucking terrifying this is so I'm just
going to show you previous the wall the
robot has cameras in its eyes and it's
programmed to recognize the faces of
people watching it the robot will then
maintain disturbing eye contact with a
person as a dentist so when you look at
the female figure robot the robot
actually looks back at you I know that's
actually nightmare fuel for the rest of
my life
now robots are not some futuristic myth
they are being created is happening I
mean just look at all the major
companies out there
they all have their version of a robot
Apple has Suri Amazon has Alexa
Microsoft even has one Google has one
every company is trying the hardest they
can to be first to have a real robot but
haven't we learned anything from movies
these robots continue to be created and
continue to look like people but are
smarter than us I okay so this next
theory is something that I have never
heard of before and this isn't even
theory this actually could happen all of
these could happen but this one in
particular is mind-blowing and that is
the fact and we could all be killed by a
gamma ray
so basically gamma rays are like these
large lasers of death that go off in
space all the time
they're usually created by a star that
blows up now these aren't harmful to us
because they're so far away but if at
some point for some reason it happened
close to us or does if a gamma ray hit
us it would completely fry our ozone
layer I look at the ozone layer the
sun's beings would hit us and we would
completely catch on fire and we would
all burn and there's a chance that this
happened before 550 million years ago so
I wouldn't happen again but here's the
good news if this does happen we won't
even know it'll literally be like a
flash of light and then we're gone which
would be way better
fucking robot now the last thing we're
going to talk about is being killed by
an asteroid now this is kind of the most
obvious end of the world scenario
I mean it's given countless movies but I
know even when I'm watching these movies
I'm like come on what's the probability
of this actually happening it's high
just from the year 2000 to 2013 there's
been 26 asteroids that have hit the
earth and not just like hit the earth
and like went to the water and nobody
noticed it like hit the earth created
tons of destruction literally destroyed
buildings but for some reason we're not
talking about it
I mean we are it's on the news but we're
not really talking about how fucking
real this is and how if one hits us it's
big enough it's all over just like in
2013 you guys might remember that meteor
that's flew over Russia well that thing
hits the ground and the impact was so
huge that destroyed buildings first I'm
gonna show you a clip of it flying over
and crashing into the ground
I know it was huge over 1,400 people
were injured and over 7,000 buildings
got damaged just to show you how intense
that impact was here's a clip got
somebody recorded of what it sounded
like I know like the loudest thing it's
possible I don't even know what I would
do if I heard that sound I would think I
was gonna die and there were so many
videos recorded about this happening and
then just check out this short little
montage of buildings rattling and the
insides of places being shaken up is
very very
now a big asteroid hitting Earth and
like being all of us out is definitely
possible the asteroid that created the
ice age eight miles in diameter but even
an asteroid that's one tenth of the size
could cause an incredible amount of
damage now if an asteroid one-tenth the
size of that hit earth that would create
something called a nuclear later
basically that would mean that the Sun
was covered and nothing could grow
nothing could live and lots of people
and pretty much every living thing would
die so between the huge volcano that is
literally going to erupt and the robots
that are being created and are getting
crazier by the day and all the talk of
world war 3 we are bound to have an
extinction and it's only a matter of
time later guys go hopefully you enjoyed
the video we're all gonna die see you
next time I know I don't mean just get
everybody well yes I do it's scary video
but I don't want you guys to panic
because listen we can't control the
future everything is out of our hands we
could die tomorrow we could die when
we're old we don't know but I do find it
kind of interesting to think about how
it might happen as you guys if you
enjoyed this video and you want more
creepy videos please give me a thumbs up
so I know also make sure to subscribe to
my channel right down below and if the
notification though because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
some of my other creepy videos I did a
video about what death feels like I did
a video about the scariest catfishes
ever and I also do conspiracy theory
videos all the time so I will leave a
link to a playlist right at the top of
the description actually little theories
that I will see you guys tomorrow
