hey let's have you guys yes now do what
you're thinking shame why do you keep
doing these life hack videos every
single video gets crazier and crazier
you're getting more and more dangerous
at some point you're going to die and
what I would say to that is today's a
bitch because I have a blowtorch and
helium says it's about to get acne
yes today is going to be incredibly
dangerous guys please don't do this at
home instead pause this video bringing
your laptop to your mom press play and
say aren't you glad I'm not him
now that's the perfect Mother's Day gift
alright so let's blow some shit up
so this first life hack is not useful
for anybody unless you're me and you're
constantly looking for new ways to use
your power drill I guess I could build
furniture with this or help somebody fix
their car mats fuck it let's make hot
dogs I guess we are going to be taking a
hot dog shopping at you door power drill
thinning it and then cooking it with our
blowtorch oh my God look at me with all
these tools Ty Pennington is shook so
first we have to figure out a way to put
our hot dog on our power drill things
nobody's ever said before um I left
these hot dogs out alright and they are
looking fuck alright so let's get out
one of our readers it's just when he's
struggling for use actually no pulling
out my wiener would make my views worse
oh why do people eat these why is this a
thing who the fuck made it okay it's my
BOB
alright so instead of just like shoving
it on here I guess we could try it well
let's see oh oh my god have you heard of
meat spin if you haven't doesn't look it
up but
when the Weiner hits your wiener when
you stay your Weiner so hard to fly Bob
I used to pull on a wiener as hard as I
could to make it longer anyways okay we
need to figure out another way to do
this I'm thinking we shove these matches
inside of this yeah whoo
can any of the boys out there feel this
like ah ah I can feel that and then
let's shove these sticks inside of our
power drift or go there we go I think I
did it yeah oh my god
me with I'm a greasy stripper now she's
stupid okay - so Joe now this is a bad
idea
Oh God so I'm scared oh okay alright
we're going to do this I just realized
that the match is not gonna go well
welcome to my cookout
oh my god no oh my god it's beautiful
wait hold on let me light her up again
mom yeah when her wig is less I should
probably not have this over my lap all
right here we go
it's working
this just changed the camping game you
know what else to change the camping
game a toilet fucking bed fucking not
camping fucking it's staying at home why
do you want to live outside you know
most people are thinking they see your
rich white asses out camping they're
like oh that's cute oh you like sleeping
on the ground that's fun for a night no
then you go back home to your warm bed
well that sounds like a fun vacation you
fuck open Anitra's gross yeah
what else can I blow torch oh this is
not going to go well wait it's almost
Easter I should watch it Easter Bunny I
love that they make chocolate in the
shape of animals even I'm a vegan no I
don't eat meat I see glass would shape
me really healthy oh my god
also fucking taxes has the Easter Bunny
always been into shape of Texas when you
flipped upside down it slipped over
conspiracy theories okay how do I set
this up I need to stuff it's up to us
and light it on fire
oh my god it's so fun I love celebrating
the holidays with you guys
praise Lord I thought I was god this is
what I would do Anna just like the whole
world on fire Robin be like you guys but
you're shook just get ready for this
messy Broadway uh keep the world man
I'd say I'll go home but I'll go to
heaven all right here we go
goodbye beautiful beautiful rattles door
and still gonna eat you I'll probably
lick you off the couch 1 2 3 whoa oh my
god oh my god it's so beautiful oh my
god
Wow that is not chocolate what the fuck
is is made out of
Wow oh why is she taking so long
when she has a strength of the Lord to
do a right head
Oh God already win PETA and Hershey's
come after you
oh my god Oh a little bit more okay
never mind we're done burning it we're
eight this motherfucker yeah I don't
have any crackers
Oh most persons like oh I'm sorry it
can't be not fun about your graham
cracker here I'm gonna go shit in a
trash can
I don't know why I'm getting homeless
people are like so not I just figured it
out don't worry we have hotdogs oh yes
please oh my god did I just make a new
Easter forge I don't know oh my god
bitch I just snapped her wig Oh
oh my god it's cooking the pop-tart it's
just turning to a whole nother hat oh my
god
okay alright let's do this boom smoking
ahh
why did I think that would be a good
idea yeah I'm just going to stick to
peace at least they don't fuck up my
mouth I mean they fuck up my ass when
you shit out of peeps that makes my butt
quack Meza okay this one I'm really
excited about cuz I've always wanted to
try this and I don't know why I never
did this is the create your own bottle
way attack using a bottle oil and now
with the mothership now first I know you
guys are thinking Shane are you holding
a coca-cola to make a statement against
Pepsi no I know I'm not my biggest
problem with that weird
kendall Jenner Pepsi ad besides the fact
that it was like wrong on every level
why the stop wishing wearing a wig and
why don't you rip her wig off was that a
statement like bitch this Pepsi is so
good it's gonna react to it because I
disagree
aw fish ain't a double you could snatch
my skin off bitch leave me a fire
biggest bomb I'm going to cut off my
skin and W I'm here okay so basically
what you do is you rip off the label
because we're not going to pay then you
fill up this bottle with a bunch of
vegetable oil I don't know what
vegetable oil is because oil is
delicious and vegetables are not alright
so we're just going to fill this up like
3/4 full oh god there it is oh hold on
ok so I just filled up the rest with
water now obviously water and oil don't
mix so it's starting to separate
that becomes ill I am never I'm an idiot
so as you can see in the bottom the
water top oil so now we add our fun
ingredients let's go back over to my
science station you know right next to
these chocolate bunny I lit on fire
hotdog on power just look with Bill Nye
loses his mind ok so there you can kind
of more clearly see the water in the oil
so now we're going to be adding in some
food coloring I was thinking we should
do galaxies the real bad
number one galaxy let's say we thought
we would have an alien and I'm looking
at the Earth's birth never one's planet
for a fake haha anyways alright I'm
dropping into purple woo so pretty I'm
dropping some blue and now we're gonna
have some glitter so I'm thinking we're
gonna add in this pink glitter gonna
hold it oh that's not going anywhere
can you see that living it stop that's
what they call a floater now if you're
closest which that's another helpful
hint from so much besides guys okay I'm
having a goal and I think I'm going to
add in these little confetti I got this
one night at 2 a.m. on Amazon and I was
making slime this is when you need to
start to worry about these oh did you
see the big big clump of glitter falling
oh my god okay my hands are too greasy
to open up this glitters or buckets now
it's conference to shake this up we want
to get all of those beautiful colors and
glitter incorporated oh my god that
looks so ugly that looks like actual
trash that looks disgusting
alright so now is the part where we're
going to add some outfit filter and that
supposedly is going to turn this into a
lava lamp here we go wait something's
happening can you see what's happening
it's pumping or gaining weight more
professor I mean it's just kind of
social a speech diarrhea but still oh my
god oh
buh-bah when he creates an Instagram
food without even trying
Wow okay but like sneaking up forever I
guess it kind of does look like a Kylie
Jenner period this is what I have not
been her insights to look like there is
no way wearing that much glitter yes
make up for that mom is healthy you know
things water inside to look like a whole
shit ton more outfits awesome let's just
do the whole lot this sock oh it's
fucking just cut open my thumb
I literally injured myself trying to
make a damn lava lamp oh how it hurts
really bad
but this is getting prettier okay it was
worth it Oh see that
look yeah this was not working my
fingers fucking hurt okay guys we're
back don't worry I have comfort of my
own neck now this one is really
complicated because like you're acting
like you're somebody else getting these
frustrated life's like this we're going
to try to make a paper plane hover like
magic okay so here we go we have two
fans here and we're going to set them up
on my lap then we're going to put a
paper airplane in between and is both
the hover is not gonna work okay so I
have these two fans set up and they are
facing each other pretty perfectly and I
may need a paper plane so supposedly I
dropped this in between them it'll hover
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay let's
try again
mom are you kidding me I mean it wasn't
gonna work but I thought maybe maybe for
a second nothing damn it I guess that's
cue heavy
this is why I'm too afraid to do indoor
skydiving cuz they'll be like you know
everybody can hover than I did it'd be
like don't what can anything slow what
if we just put a little bit paper yes
I'm not too fans for that no more money
to do with this come on pop-tart
come through Oh pop-tarts you never let
me down
alright we almost got it come on come on
oh wait wait am I crazy or is is almost
working you're crazy
five hundred thousand
wait what if I say wait wait wait I'm
figuring this out I'm a fucking
scientist dammit I'm really disappointed
I really thought that was going to work
that's a lie I did not think I was going
to work which is exactly what the
instructor would say endorse kaput I
really thought it was going to work we
didn't know where that's at I love the
idea of this hack this is kind of like a
prank hack but basically you make a cake
with a balloon and then when your friend
goes to eat it it explodes in their face
and then you say why I have no friends
and then people arrive to take no
there's other reasons all right we're
going to take one of these balloons
we're gonna blow it up hmm then you're
going to look at it and be like oh my
god looks just like my mom's do then
you're going to not say that out loud
let's you did then we're going to shove
it in this little Rubbermaid container
and then we're going to ice it as if
it's a cake so I got hot pink vanilla
frosting because I want my shit to look
crazy I'm going to be up in Peaks later
so I'm trying to keep with the pink
theme so we are just going to take this
knife get the frosting out and Isis
balloon like an actual fucking crazy
proof it's all dark oh is it bad that I
still need it what would happen if you
ate a balloon uh your foot would be
popping okay so we i sat at this is the
cake and now we're just gonna pour some
rainbow sprinkles on it this part is
totally optional I honestly just got
these because after the video is over
I'm gonna be drinking them we're all
sorry I just forgot off making video
okay so we're just gonna sprinkle on top
of there oh my god oh my God look how
beautiful is I mean that looks good okay
so now that fun part go find somebody
whose birthday you fuckin hate and give
them this cake and tell them to pee
again
okay ready oh this cake looks amazing
thank you so much
Oh it'll end in a girl and I'm so sorry
I didn't invite you to our big birthday
parties the indoor skydiving plate it's
just after what happened last time and
after what you did to all those people I
still can't believe that instructor
Jesus dead yeah no no that was uh that
was unfortunate dig into your head all
right
okay here we go okay
I hate balloons popping okay here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god wait okay all right
all right here we go oh my god oh my god
you can do it okay all right oh my god I
don't want to do it it's not good that
my animals are not running in there like
if you die good okay there is frosting
everywhere lick the wall um that was
terrifying
I hated that I want to die I needed it
to be over
oh fuck I have one more left okay one
more hack left and then I'm fucking out
I've been teasing this hack all episode
we are going to be doing something fun
with keep what you might ask something
that I can't believe we have not done
yet bitch she's making her fucking
return though waffle iron
that's right we're gonna be waffle
ironing piece happy Easter let's just
move aside all of our other sales
cross-check oh you know what this waffle
iron has never failed me alright so that
is heating it up now let's just open up
these pink now the real question is how
many do we do like do we do a whole
family yeah yeah alright let's see how
hot is it oh it's getting there I think
we should do it Oh Happy Easter
oh I already hear them screaming boo
okay my goal for this is that they're
gonna get crispy like a wall oh no this
is not working have any of my hacks work
today
oh yeah the hot dog one that was
everything whoo that's the sound I like
oh nevermind oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
god
oh fuck oh this is not good oh I still
want to eat it yeah no this is a
disaster this is a this is this is no
good I just ruined my waffle well I'm
gonna need it get a little bit of
frosting a little bit
marshmallow oh my god oh hey guys no
matter how bad things get you can still
leave it oh my god oh my god it might
look like a disaster
but this is amazing it's crispy as
creamy I think there's like word I think
we had two packs worth today and that's
enough money but I under those are my
hats for today I hope they helped your
life there's a lot more hats like this
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
I just realized that I have a helium
tank for no reason I grabbed it for the
cake price but that makes no sense
here's a cake oh god I'm stupid anyways
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you want more like tech videos also
make sure to subscribe my channel right
down below it is a notification about if
I make new videos every day and if you
want to see on my other life hack videos
I have done like a bajillion I'll put a
link to a playlist right at the top
description all right you little waffle
irons I will see you tomorrow at the
Eastern High
