who can get the grossest picture okay he
said you like any okay yes
you got him that dick clean oh I got
news from the guy no oh gosh you should
have given wherever it
heywhat to be guys yes welcome back to
another creepy video now today's video
we're going to be talking about
something very very intense and scary
and very real
we're going talking about night terrors
night terrors are a sleep disorder
causing feeling of terror or dread and
they typically occur in the first hours
of stage 3 to force now when a person
gets a night terror they suddenly wake
up in the middle of the night and
they're screaming they're also usually
sweating they're confused your heart
rate is going crazy and they can eat the
rashing around their limbs and punching
and swinging and nothing but while this
is happening they're still asleep and
then the next day they have no memory
now most times their eyes are open so it
seems like they're awake but they're not
and if you try to wake them up while
they're having a night terror that can
be incredibly dangerous
now night terrors are extremely scary
and very fascinating I mean they've made
countless numbers of movies about them
they even have a video game where it
shows you what it's like to eat in
now one of the common misconceptions is
that night tears and nightmares are the
same thing they are incredibly now a
nightmare happens when you're deep in
sleep like you're in the REM cycle of
sleep and yes you can wake up screaming
but usually remember the whole dream or
at least a part of it and when you wake
up you're fully awake now a night terror
is literally the exact opposite of that
you don't remember your dream you are
not fully awake when you wake up and you
can have a full-on panic attack while
having a night terror
now night air is usually occur very
often with kids are such efficient
sleepers they get stuck in sleep their
body wakes up in their mind is still
fast asleep
now here the parent particulars night
terrors it can get really scary at that
point she will acknowledge that I'm
there and start yelling at me something
to this I said leave me alone
by the way discharge at me sometimes she
swung at me
she has spit at me she doing this all
while very cognizant of her surroundings
and aware that you're there seems as
though she's awake I mean not only is it
dangerous because your kid could like
swing and hit you but it's also just
really really intense seeing your child
screaming and freaking out and terror
and you can't do anything now there is a
few ways to help kids what having night
terrors now usually they occur around
the same time every night usually one to
two hours after the kid goes to sleep so
if you're the parent or the elder
brother go into the kids room and wake
them up now if you wake them up and then
they go back to sleep they probably
won't happen I here now like I said
earlier a lot of kids grow out of this
sometimes they don't and sometimes
adults who never happen as kids and
start getting them later in life and
when you're an adult they can get even
more in this home video a Japanese man
makes the ritual moves of a samurai
warrior stabbing his imaginary opponent
then finishing him off with a flourish
all this time the man is sound asleep
now another problem that comes with
being an adult is what if you have
and what if you're having a night here
and right next to them while they're
sleeping I mean what if you start taking
violin the arms are flailing and you
start moving around their limbs and get
really scary
this man acts out his dreams one patient
like him tied himself to the bedpost
each night to prevent himself from
attacking his wife now the reason why
people have night terrors is still kind
of unknown I mean scientists know
exactly why we have nightmares it can be
triggered by stress or medication or
spicy food and if you avoid some of
those things and you probably want but
they have done countless amounts of
sleep study on people who have night
terrors and you've tried everything they
can to see exactly why they happen and
they've only come up with a few reasons
usually involve people who have anxiety
disorders of PTSD now of course there is
ways to control them therapy medication
but it is still very very scary
and that was a clip from a movie of
somebody having a night Tara but it's
not that different in some cases it's
worse and a lot of people like to film
it so set up a camera while they're
sleeping because they want to see
exactly what they're doing middle of the
night just check out this clip that this
woman filmed herself and this one isn't
her like screaming or you know throwing
her body around
it's just her waking up and just don't
look on her face just just watch
oh the fucking faith that was like a
scary movie oh my god I don't have that
face that image in my head forever now
sometimes people who are having night
terrors can also sleepwalk and this guy
filmed his roommate sleepwalking ahead
of the night here in the night god is so
creepy to see him just walking around
this apartment as if he's awake and then
just easy yeah
I'm setting up the camera to see if
Randy's sleepwalking because I think he
is he says it's not so just going to
leave the camera running to find out so
we'll see
I know just seeing him like walk out the
door like what if I was that guy and my
roommate showed me a video of me just
like sleepwalking and leaving the house
you would have to lay strapped me to my
bed at night now this one guy put up a
recording of his girlfriend having an
idea and it is so intense so I'm just
warning you if you are triggered by the
sound of very intense screaming and
you're going to want to hello everybody
this is Kant over here I just wanted to
make this video really for purposes of
Education this is what I've noticed from
living with and being in relationship
with someone that has night terrors
imagine the neighbors although I guess
is scary that the neighbors haven't like
questioned it yet like hi
what the fuck so now that we've shown
some clips of night terrors you talked
about what they are I thought it might
be interesting to interview somebody who
has had a very intense history with now
you guys might remember a few weeks ago
I interviewed a girl named Kat who had a
very very scary experience with
anesthesia awareness and she told us the
story of what happened when the doctor
was doing surgery on her allows she was
actually now that experience was so
traumatic that actually gave her PTSD
and she underwent therapy and the PTSD
is kind of what triggered her having
night terrors and some of the
experiences that she's had part ofour
okay Kat you are back thank you so much
for doing this interview now you have
had some very intense night terrors I've
seen a lot of your videos you've got a
storytime on one of them where you try
to beat up your boyfriend it was very
intensive yeah yeah well I needs my
husband now so I mean he survived right
if you say so you were talking about
your night tears started after your
anesthesia awareness experience right
yes I did sleepwalk as a file so I think
I probably just have a propensity to
have with disorders in general so the
night herons didn't start until the PTSD
from the anesthesia awareness which was
a really traumatic experience
so can you explain the feeling of a
night terror and kind of like walk us
through one of your experiences I'm
really intense in painful experience
ahead of the night Tara was I woke up
and I was on the floor and I was there a
lot of pain and my husband was trying to
poison me up apparently and I don't
actually remember anything about the
night terrors himself
99% of the time so I just woke up my
heart was racing and terrified I have
never felt so scared in my entire life
and he was just trying to reassure me
and getting back into the bed and you
know check me for injuries and most of
my accounts of my night terrors are a
second answer and and what he remembered
so he woke up and he said it looked like
I was being dragged out of bed by my
feet and the fat and my friend that was
about two feet from the wall you can see
that it looks like I was she cried out
was clawing my way back consent and then
I rammed into the wall so hard that I
left a dent in the drywall why yes I
broke two ribs and then fell to the
floor and then was trying to claw my way
underneath my nightstand I guess and he
then it took him probably about two
minutes to wake me up for Mike that
night there and I was screaming and the
only thing I actually remember from both
when I woke up was the sound to my
screams I didn't even know that he was
gonna make those sorts of noises they
were like it was just like someone was
being murdered and this was was we had
just moved to the Bay Area from near
Sacramento and so we were renting a room
for my camp and she said she woke up and
she drew the screams and she thought I
was being murdered
oh my oh my
my god that's so fucked up yeah what
else okay now you had one night here
that you talked about your story time
where you tried to jump out of your
window well yeah that was that was on
the same house we were still in Tucson
my aunt at that point and I had them
woke up and it was right when I like
stood on the bed and left to the window
and I smashed my seat I'm so woody so
hard that I woke up and I woke up and I
had no idea what was happening I'm like
I thought my husband had done something
I was like what the hell was just
accident he was like I think you just
tried to jump out the window which is
kind of terrifying but I'm lucky I
didn't break anything that time I jammed
the finger and that was painful but that
one wasn't so bad it wasn't as bad as
like the powerful attacks in the my
sleeper wait so how do you get rid of
them have you gotten rid of them do you
still have to stand for me I'm trying to
head down stress I sleep with a mask
because we found that if in any light in
the room that has to trigger them so I
guess maybe I'm opening my eyes or
asleep and seeing this and then
imagining it something else and most of
the time my husband can wake me up
before a night parrot is too bad so a
lot of times I would have one where I
would just get up in bed and most the
time I would be there's an animal in the
room and it's been like nine times by
the time I would sit up and yell what
the fuck is that the fuck is that and
you feel like it's the laundry basket go
access and I'd be really insistent like
no that's not it that's not it
Jimmy's have to wake me up in order to
get me to snap out of it well oh my god
well please stay safe keep all your
windows closed and oh my god guys if you
want to see the whole story time she did
it was intense of utter night terrors I
will put the link down there check it
out god what other fucked-up shit has
happened to you I feel like I can do a
whole series on you oh my god all right
we'll stay safe oh yeah
there you guys go hopefully
creepy video if you did and you want
more creepy videos like it please give
me a thumbs up so I know also make sure
to subscribe to my channel I down below
and hit the notification belk and make
your videos today and if you want to see
more videos like this I have done videos
on scariest stories ever I also do a
bunch of conspiracy theory videos I will
put a link to a playlist or at the top
of description below hide you guys good
luck sleeping bye
