guys oh my god he just finished podcast
with Charles gross and it was everything
how did you enjoy it
I loved it we went on Grindr we went on
Liam dating now we went on Grindr into
the competition to see who could get
more dick pics we talked about having
sex with youtubers we talked about
hookups we talked about everything check
it out down there so quite a consolation
friends pray hello guys
yes it's me the long-lost Kardashian
sister kraken with a k' Chris made me
Kraken because she said I look like a
burden and I love the name because it
makes me think about growing up and
eating my family anyways yes we're going
to be testing out some of my family's
products and products that my family has
endured first product we're gonna be
talking about is selling out your morale
my life is just basically one big
sponsored post for Satan I've been
affiliation code to the devil in the
description below
it is kardashian at 666 Marcus beef hash
tag delicious Simon
yes she's back now I tried Kardashian
products a couple weeks ago and it
changed my life head-on the viewers of
happy and sexy is me
the giving is always products yeah
passed out right after that but there is
so many more products that I did not get
to play with and I thought let's die
today but before we get to that I feel
like I need an upgrade for this video
Krakens going to get a makeover all
right who's gonna fuck me with their
money yes that's right I have my Kylie
makeover
it's Caitlyn swallow Kylie and then D
transition okay so let's try some of
these products I don't know what I
should start with first
nevermind figured it out we're going to
play with Caitlyn Jenner's makeup um if
you didn't know Caitlyn Jenner fucking
makeup now listen there's a lot of
things about Caitlyn I trust that's a
lie I don't trust the bitch at all so I
don't know why I would trust her to be
my face but we're gonna try this is
Caitlyn Jenner's eyeshadow it's called
worthy go home Caitlyn go back to that
big-ass mansion in Malibu and lock
yourself in it all right I'm gonna give
it a try because you know Caitlyn is an
icon for me she's a mute icon on my
iPhone and I just always keep it on you
okay here we go
ooh girl that is a dark eyeshadow I
this one Chris used to punch me in the
eyes all right let's do min and let's
get that Caitlyn glow I'm just going to
rub this on my finger oh that is intent
like what are you trying to hide Caitlin
what are you trying to cover up
she's a reptile person I figured it out
oh my god it is you
that's funny it holy fuck
that was like I just got into a fucking
car accident hit my steering wheel who
is that too close to home Caitlin maybe
if we do matter to look better nevermind
oh I look like a half way through my
healing process of my eye job oh my gosh
this is gonna look so good with his
heels like right now it's like fucking
scary it's bleeding but like what this
heals bitch I'm gonna be sickening
literally sickening like I'm gonna be
sick cuz like I'm dying I've done so
much surgery my body shutting down um no
this is uh ugly and painting my fingers
okay next product this I'm excited for
now I rest in quotes from Kim Kardashian
in the last video and they were all
stupid and also dumb but I found
something even better this is all of the
Kardashians quote Oh bitch fuck me up
okay who should we take boo let's start
with Caitlyn by the way I love that they
put Bruce in parentheses and they
spelled it wrong yeah I trust this up
it's about working when nobody's
watching
what does that even mean bitch when
nobody's watching that's the time where
you don't work like if I worked at Taco
Bell which with it all you did is over
party it might happen and my boss turned
around and the customers weren't looking
you know what I would be doing I would
be taking it squeezed gonna meet and I
will be injecting it into my mouth full
do you think I will be cleaning out my
taco station base with my thong all
right who else we got
boo Kris quotes I'm ready if somebody
says no you're asking the wrong person
I actually kind of love
one you know what the more make fun of
Chris the more I fucking love this bitch
she's the type of person who if I met
her in real life and she's like you will
follow me I'd be like they're taking me
down your dark lair Lord to be in the
world like one look into those demonic
has eyes bitch I'm Shane Jenner I just
sharted myself that's when you fart shit
on yourself on accident when did Chris
become me I did my move the 1988 that's
when I was gonna bitch the connection is
strong that was almost like it didn't
count because it was something I felt I
had to do after having four kids my
boobs were kind of shot what does that
mean somebody shot her in the boot okay
I'm a lady and now I'm sizing she's been
through a lot you can either be a
problem maker or a problem solver and
I'm a problem solver I love her Chris a
bitch come over to my kitchen
fucking put a camera in your hand
fucking sell my sex tape bitch right who
else we got Kendall I don't even know
what she sounds like
Lamar what is this book my product now
this is something that I have seen
before this is a loonie which is an
iPhone case that's also unlike now I
don't know where to start with this so I
guess I'll to start with the fact that
anybody who uses it's fucking annoying
nobody needs this you do not need a
picture if you're in the tarp also why
would you want to light fish the dark is
when I look at also these bitches who
are in the movie theaters with their
fucking loonies and they're like gosh
movie time bitch turn off your domain
I'll just run one baby box
I wanted a whoo he's gonna fire next and
you are interrupting my experience with
your fucking collapse light
I guess what bitch the only thing it
does is make your makeup look even worse
let's give it a try I just turn on my
phone by the way this is so heavy
like this is crazy alright so let's take
a couple pictures with our Lumi oh my
god okay wait okay this is everything I
changed my mind
oh my god who is she a piece of crackin
oh my god let's get crackin okay oh my
god my sex tape is called my booty
crackin
oh my book is called release the Kraken
oh I'm creating a brand
oh no this is actually everything I take
back everything they just said it makes
me so pretty and they love her
Wow hold on just as an experiment I'm
going to take a picture with my loony
and then do some
tuning and then in the comments below
you say how much you want to fuck me go
oh my god oh my god oh I got a kid BRB
okay I just tuned now I'm going to pop
up this station right here of cracklin
Kardashian and you tell me she's not hot
as bitch you've ever seen in the
comments below I want you to raid her
from 1 to 10 release the Kraken yeah Oh
Chris can help make a sex tape we can do
it together I mean technically we're not
related
oh I love my new gross family all right
I have a couple other books here but
this is Kim Kardashian selfish so I
guess it's just a book of selfies that
you could just find on her Instagram
that's book that's like a parody of the
youtubers oh god oh my god she's naked
in it she I can't show you well sure
I'll cover it but she's fucking naked
what is it it was she's showing a naked
out in the bathroom oh my god
and now there's a picture of her and a
baby I'm so confused how much girl
picture of her Hillary Clinton right
next to a picture of her showing her
naked ass in her bathroom sink
she's like I'm with her and Hillary's
like oh girl no no you know what thank
you though thank you but uh there's no
more room but I'm with you ya know
mm-hmm once again uh you're with Kanye
and look what scares me so just stay
home kid you're good you can be with
yourself Trump is like me over here I
love bathroom see gasps speaking of
bathroom sink ass the car got here
dynasty I don't know what this is I
guess was just the story of their whole
family ooh
it has an actual schedule for one of the
days of Kris Jenner blank
bitchin lady 3:30 a.m. what she's up at
3:30 in the morning
I haven't even had a sleep yet I'm on
like my eighth Twinkie and I was wired
3:30 a.m. satellite media tour with
Khloe's I'd be like girl Khloe you got
this mama got a Twinkie to eat it 7:00
to 8:00 a.m. workout Bob now 8:00 to
8:30 business call 8:30 to 9:00 shower
past 9:00 to 9:30 emails
and meeting about a sketchiest
commercial what does that even mean for
Kris Jenner like I'm meeting about a
commercial I'll show you how to meeting
goes hi Kris so we were thinking about
having you for its Skechers commercial
yeah
meeting over oh my god it just keeps
going at 10:30 11:00 noon one 133 but
like every hour this is doing something
at 8 p.m.
watch American Idol that's where you
love me wow this is crazy
you know she does do a lot of shit we
got me when I'm literally standing Kris
Jenner maybe when it become her biggest
fan oh my god okay the last thing we're
going to do is a lot I'm just warning
you if you are triggered by disturbing
images you're going to leave this video
because we're going to be trying on some
Kylie Jenner inspired mesh clothing whoo
headphone users and eyeball users beware
okay I think I'm going to start with
this this is like a swimsuit that has
like some fucking should lay shit in the
middle I don't really know how to
explain it except for the fact that um
it's not going to hold the Kraken the
Kraken will be released and she's going
to drown everybody all right hold on let
me get naked okay so I just put this on
and I look like an actual toad like a
frog that just like ate the swamp so I'm
not going to show all of it because like
I'm not trying to kill the world so I'll
just give you a taste you good you fold
you're done okay
kneel lower oh no this is um the
grossest thing ever my chest hair it
looks like a huge old gaping pussy Chris
be kidding I love her seriously like my
name ah ah no this is disgusting I hate
it although I did kind of feel like an
Instagram girl from the god I think I
get Instagram girls now look all I want
to do right now is like take a bunch of
selfies talking about how white my teeth
are and how much diarrhea I'm getting
from my teeth I want to go on you now
for like seven hours I want to be the
groove child like 86 fucking people just
like standing me may need so much
annoying
oh so annoying a so many friends hold on
what would i look like would be hmm yeah
no this is
this is gross I need to take this off
but don't worry guys not over yet we
still have a see-through hoodie for if
you're cold and stupid
all right let's change should I do it
rains friend you guys oh oh oh that's
meeting sexy oh oh let me just Oh
started going out of this tight ass
outfit Oh with my body sliding out of it
huh that was one of my love handles
popping out
hey time to put on this hoodie yeah all
right time for the big reveal
uh-oh this is disgusting I hate I I want
to burn myself now hold on we can make
that happen I know this is gross and
disgusting and I'm still kind of feeling
myself it's so crazy what angles to do
because like from this angle Kraken is
killing us and then you turn to this
angle somebody throws Samara back down
the well
I know yuck whoo all right I go I think
I'm done I think I am done just in
general with everything if you like this
video and you want me to do more of a
Kardashian products give me a thumbs up
Cornell also maybe like tweet Kris
Jenner
get Christian hunting my kitchen can you
imagine bitch you think my blowtorch is
a lot of fire imagine bringing an actual
demon kidding I love you oh you guys
make sure subscribe the channel right
now below filling new videos every day
I need the notification battle I don't
know what it does but hit it anyway and
if you want to see my last trend
Kardashian product video I'll pink red
the topper description but you guys I
will see you little Kraken tomorrow
