feelings of guys might have ancestry
welcome back to what the Fox 5 murder is
one of the worst things one human can do
to another but if you are going to kill
someone you should probably have a
pretty good reason to do it like he
stole your daughter to selling her into
sex slavery we're forcing you to listen
to gospel preference those are great
reasons for murder
so from killing someone because they ran
out of toilet paper you ending someone's
life over Avril Lavigne tickets for days
let us applaud we countdown 5 murders
with the worst reasons for committing
them number one I've ever been blocked
by someone online I'm sure you know the
feeling is a mix between sadness and
what the fuck bitch see personally I've
been blocked more times than I can count
apparently sending unwarranted dick pics
is not a good way to hit on someone so I
ran off anyways for the people in his
next story
certainly Facebook unfriending was
lincoln enough to murder two people over
as a woman from Mountain City Tennessee
named Jenelle Porter was so enraged that
36 year-old Billy Payne unfriended on
Facebook that she told her boyfriend and
father to go to his house and kill him
and they did which like you either have
to be an idiot to kill someone over
being unfriended on Facebook or there
was just more going on that we didn't
know about but maybe she just lied to
her dad about the reason it was like
damn this guy Facebook sending good luck
duck dynasty what can he also said that
country music gives him a headache it
sounds like a dying fantasy oh hell no
let's go get up jumps inside this father
and the boyfriend went to the guy's
house where they killed him at his 23
year old white Billie Jean Hayworth
where they were both shot and even one
of them has their throat slit so the
moral of this one guy's is don't
unfriend someone who you think might be
potentially homicidal or better yet just
don't add them at all look through their
life and if homicide is one of them
probably don't add that first number to
okay I just think it should be a rule
that the last person who uses the toilet
paper should be the one that replaces it
because there's nothing more obsessive
than running out of toilet paper and
waddling down the hallway trying to find
another bowl or something else that you
can wipe your fuckin ass with I think
the cat's fine I haven't worn this hat
in a while anyways in fact I made a song
about this very issue
take your toy
thank you thank you I make really
relevant music well for a man named
Franklin Paul crow from Lakeland Florida
because of course it happened in Florida
he decided that running out of toilet
paper was horrible enough to murder over
in 2006 an altercation arose between
Crowe and his roommate Kenneth Matthews
after Matthews refused to replace the
toilet paper roll leaving Crowe unable
to live his fucking anus that's when
crow did what any forward-thinking and
civil man would do and bludgeon Kenneth
in the head with a sledgehammer finally
killing them after several horn blows
with a regular hammer don't know why
this man owns so many hammer crow then
called the police and told them that he
was killed by a motorcycle gang that
they've had issues with in the past but
police weren't buying it and later he
confessed the entire thing and was
sentenced to life in prison where he
took a mug shot making him look like a
creature from the labyrinth crawling out
of a swamp full of all the fuckin
horrible number three okay the possessor
might be a little bit relatable to some
of you crazy band fangirls out there
don't get his hate when you're a
teenager and your parents just don't
fucking understand you oh this don't
understand the music that you listen to
and how fucking edgy it is how it speaks
to your soul you just don't get it Bob
it's totally understandable to get a
little bit upset when your parents don't
give you a fucking concert tickets that
you've been waiting forever to go to
that's totally cool would you just kill
your own mom because you won't buy your
concert tickets or fucking band t-shirts
no okay well if you like me thought that
this was fucked up and good because it
wasn't about a teenager at all but
instead a 39 year old man who murdered
his own mother because she refused to
get fan tickets to see Avril Lavigne but
39 year-old Robert Lyons and Carol
Stream Illinois apparently wanted to see
Apple Levine really fucking bat and in
2008 he smashed a champagne bottle on
his own mother's head and then stabbed
her several times because she refused to
get him tickets that's what Lyons who I
assume was the skater boy said see you
later boy very sorry for that and
decided to take his murderous angst out
by staring at titty at the Hooters
Quinta police apprehended and arrested
him yeah why'd you have to go and make
things so complicated man again very
sorry to this day I still haven't seen
all of my favorite artists live and you
don't see me stabbing people over it
good for number four call me fuck do I
hate the smell of fun stop that I think
if you
actually likes Italy oh yeah Farmar me
get some seriously I actually smell like
someone may have died in my body and I'm
just excreting whatever left melting a
fucking goblins tank wants like the skit
from Nick Swardson stand up where
someone kills themselves because someone
farted fucking farted and is that one a
girl decided that another girl's fart
with celebrate that she actually killed
her over it go fuckin martyr apparently
the altercation happened with Shakira
Dorothea of Warrenville Heights Ohio was
hanging out with their friends and smelt
the smell of Sophia's farts that's when
she decided to make fun of the girl who
farted probably saying things like yeah
what the fuck did you eat erotic lion
pork smell that burning hair mix with
sour cream and rat poison well
apparently the girls didn't like being
made fun of where things quickly turned
more violence but you started throwing
hands and lighting each other up as the
cool kids sick the thing got so violent
that the girl beat secure to death while
passive eyes were just watching that's
the thing about fights though instead of
you know calling police or breaking up
the fight the right thing to do is
always Saracen film the entire thing
preferably vertically and then upload it
to worldstar
oh my god it's world is doomed finally
number five the last one is definitely
the weirdest thing that someone's been
murdered over and that is Cheetos no not
cheated and not cheat her Cheetos and
then the salty snacks that can sometimes
look like Harambee and sell for $100,000
that's a real thing by the way
well it's next Tori a man was so in love
with Cheetos that he was willing to stab
someone over I'm just too had it the
relationship between 46 year-old
homeless man David Scott of st. Louis
his new bag of flaming hot cheetos was
put in jeopardy when it was discovered
that the Cheetos had a side bitch
another homeless man named Roger Rosa
when Scott discovered me horrible affair
catching the adulteress cheeto in
another man's mouth he went crazy and
stabbed Wilkes to death making it sound
like a love affair makes it sound way
better than realizing that you've killed
someone because he didn't want to share
his bag of cheetah
well unfortunately for Wilkes he died of
his wounds but a couple of bike cops saw
the entire thing and arrested Scott
later that day Scott was then sent to
jail what happens to be bag of cheetos
is still another mystery let is it for
the death note of what the five
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if he did
to give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more every
single week course of the day for you
guys is what would you murder someone
over let me know in the comments down
below so he's going to guys go make sure
to follow me on all of my social media
accounts uh Facebook Twitter got that
Instagram snapchat all that stuff my
social media game is quotes fire as heck
another thing cool kid told me and by a
cool kid I mean this nine-year-old that
looks down my street but to be honest
this kid has a razor scooter so I'm
pretty sure he's the coolest person I
have and I thought that is in the
description down below thanks for
watching guys I will see you next time
for another one the top 5 and Fairwinds
