yeah if you guys yeah today's video is
going to be fucked up because number one
I am so tired it is like two in the
morning I have been dealing with my cat
if you guys don't know what if I have a
cat now you know being a bisexual I
needed to pussy in my life to what he is
literally just watching me film this
video terrified this is the first time
you've seen what daddy does t SS behind
oh oh hi say hi lady no no box why do
all my animals give up hot literally
keep pushing my face like bitch no oh
yeah so I'm a new dad which means that I
am drunk a lot which inspired this video
because today we're going to be eating
drunk people foods now listen I traced
donor foods and I had never really truly
before um busy to drop okay so I have
some of the craziest foods
I found these all online these are
actual recipes that were written by
drunk people testing me at home on my
computer writing recipe so I debated
whether or not I should drink in this
video and that debate lasted one second
let's do it
Lulu what I did oh there's so many
options it's like the opposite of when
I'm trying to figure out what to do with
a Friday night Oh what should I do
eat on the couch eat on the couch eat on
the couch eat on the couch tonight today
let's do it all okay I of course you do
vodka because I feel like fucking me me
after my cat kills me oh I love that
sound okay here we go
hey let's take a video row let's do this
now first we have a concoction that
involves two of my favorite things
wieners and candy that's right we have a
dessert hotdog this let me get a closer
look
oh my god my drunk ass eyes I just
figured out Kris Jenner she's just drunk
oh my god I'm literally drunk off that
one shot this is going to be a fucked up
video okay so basically what we have is
a hot dog in a hot dog bun but we have
put chocolate syrup cake frosting
sprinkles crumbled up just the hoyer and
we're going to finish her off with some
whipped cream this is either going to be
fucking ball or sucking blob if you're
drunk all right here we go let's add
whipped cream all right here we go Oh
bitch I hope God Fieri has found a door
way to stand in because it has been
quicker of this crazy Lanisha am I the
new Kris my cat just assisted me yeah
okay here we fucking go bitch oh my god
if I was a drag queen does it fucking
Weiner candy Michelle the shop should be
like I feel like your reader isn't
bringing enough and I'd be like bitch I
know all right here we go oh my god I
don't know if I can do this I don't
think I'm drunk enough for this did you
hear that plop that looks like a dick
going so far up an ass it pull it is
inside whoo God sorry I just got a
mental image of Kris Jenner fucking
Bruce Jenner before he transitioned do
you think she fucked him do you think he
has brand deals and pussy like a little
best beans crawls out okay sorry I'm
drunk go home here we go
this is really fucking good it'll fit
Chris after she just a bruises as I
don't even understand why this is good
oh I understand
oh god it's like if you fuck this fair
person raw like this is some straight-up
circus pussy this isn't clowns with me
fuck you fucking clown pussy I am drunk
I think I should drink more my cat just
hears do me again the other day I
literally looked at my time said did you
miss me I swear to God you look at me
instead oh not the first time I come
home to a disappointed pussy no exam no
anybody else fucked up relationships all
right I'll go up next code why is it so
called
alright wait let's do another shot I'm
gonna do uh wisdom this looks like
something Kris Jenner would drink baby
blood out of she's like oh I'm running
low gotta go to the hospital again gotta
get to the maternity ward early
Christina Aguilera already drank all the
good baby blood goodbye
good yeah I just unintentionally me in
Beijing with using crystals that when
she like cracks open a baby's skull and
just are not she's like ah why ms-dos
Tesla Kris Jenner I think I want to fuck
her no I want to fuck me I want Kris
Jenner to fuck me with Kylie
I want those big lips inside of my ass
why my cat hissing at me should I test
got a Kylie lip kit on my asshole with
that guess what do you think Khloe's
pussy looks like the rest of her sisters
I have a lot of questions next hope
nothing is next food I'm very excited
about because it's combining two
different world we are combining Mexico
with South America my crystal ball has
been taken down and the macaroni and
cheese tacos have been revealed
yeah that's right this is macaroni and
cheese tacos with some crushed up potato
chips inside bitch what honey you cannot
tell me that does not look good actually
it does not I'm not even I'm not drunk
enough for this that's crazy because
when I made these I was like these are
perfect and as time is passed I'm like
these are trash now I know what it's
like to be a mother
I'm sure like if I have shit on my face
oh when your food on your face and your
friends so tell you except there's no
friends here it's just me sitting in
front of a camera drunk eating food
while my cat hisses at me anyways let's
eat oh my god okay oh I'm nervous about
this I mean it smell
cultural here we go
not looking good too but I love being
drunk this is like if the KFC man wasn't
out Colonel Sanders Kennedy if Colonel
Sanders Kennedy went to Mexico
I looked up with the Mexican girl and
she fucks him so good and she's I can't
see what you've been missing bitch I
made that kid extra crispy and then the
next morning he woke up and he's like
and he walks downstairs and she's been
cooking for him and she made him some
fucking tacos and he's like bitch let's
with the macaroni in that shit let's
combine up wrong and then they got
married and live happily ever after see
America that's what would happen if we
just loved each other that's what I
would do if I was president I would just
go over to Mexico and fuck everybody and
then they would all never want to come
here cuz they'd be like is the dig like
that I don't know what I was talking
about but these are fucking bomb and I
love it like it feels like the Kraft Mac
and Cheese mascot it's fucking my
insides up and I love it by the way what
was he with you dime store what's he a
big noodle I'm confused I don't remember
how scary is that they got a dinosaur
fucking jump around in here macaroni and
cheese who was that you know he thought
Chef Boyardee and Uncle Ben was in the
corner like why wasn't I invited
raises there was some drama in a grocery
store I don't know it's nothing I should
stop this video there Monica goal now
this next food is a viral sensation were
eating or we know this is something that
does not exist the bitch I made it
remember a couple years ago when there's
a picture floating around and it was
like an Oreo and it tasted like fried
chicken and I was like Ian girl that's
fucking disgusting
when's the Amazon chai splited the car
well those weren't real because I guess
it was like an April Fool's joke which
was not funny I would rather somebody
call me in station you have just been
illegally adopted by Kris Jenner and
she's changing your name to Bruce
because she says you look just like him
I would rather that happen
I don't know whatever the point of my
story is I look like a young Bruce
Jenner all right here we go
I have made my own brand of Oreo fried
chicken nugget weird things on a paper
plate I'm excited about this the cream
is kind of melting because I put these
in the microwave and I feel like this is
going to be really good mainly because
I'm not myself right now I don't know
who I am I should change my what she's
my drunk names II just think of your
most annoying loud lesbian aunt and
we'll go with that
everybody has a lesbian and even in big
if you're wearing a vest made out of
button then you have dabbled in Klan to
see if I had a clown pussy it would be
it I here we go let's do it I'm confused
Oh No oh fuck I don't know lighter yeah
I don't think there's a drunk food I
think that's what I want to sup with my
blind friend food listen let me explain
why I love my disabled fans because not
only em you guys do some shit and you
are strong as motherfuckers but just
think about how good you have it knowing
that you are not me that's some damn
inspiration right there thank you for
coming to my Teta
next Road this was talking amazing I am
talking ready for that first of all miss
buttersworth my designated driver and
you imagine I wouldn't know this shit
her excuse me miss buttersworth good
driving you're doing great on a great
question though can we stop onwe at Taco
Bell and then del Taco I want to compare
and then you know what what a brat it
let's stop it Wendy's so I can just go
through the drive your face fuck you
guys you're irrelevant wedding you're a
bitch nobody wants your square on burger
Queen and then we go to Burger King
we're like you know what sometimes I
fuck with you Burger King sometimes I'm
your burger clean but you know what I'll
always be wrong in the guy side bitch
and I will always come through
him Ronald McDonald could kill somebody
and he could be like shame one help me
bear and bye and I'd like you know what
Ronald I know you killed somebody but
your secret sauce Bob and I would help
him bury a body
miss mothers with the spider from Miss
buttersworth and then she crashed into a
wall on purpose and we both died a
serviette I fucking drunk should we do
another one's was doing them this was to
you buttersworth your fucking buttery
Queens shout-out to Jemima bitch didn't
make it
sorry mama - what is always mrs. butters
work I thought it was miss buttersworth
and Emma or I'm just drunk all right
here we go
this is a waffle pizza this is a pizza
that has been oh fuck me made from a
waffle that is an angle bitch high
quality shit and we're just going to
take mrs. buttersworth and we're going
to show her what her worth it all right
here we go
oh yeah fuck oh my god this look well
that actually does not look good
I think I'm sobering up so fuck it we're
going to eat it anyways
I don't really know what the calm is
what Felisa
it's awful it's awful all right let's
eat it this might actually be good all
right let's say you got some waffle got
the pepperoni two things you don't want
to hear together got the waffle got the
pepperoni got some fish got some glue oh
he would to eat this up once again Guy
Fieri five state ground bitch because
not only are you quaking I'm hitting
with a dam over Kane all right here we
go
love it oh my god
this is the best thing we've had all day
when mrs. buttersworth but Papa John any
of Jumonville called and she's like JA
fuck you fuck it
oh god oh god oh god oh it's Jemima what
do I say
Numan John I'm tired of running behind
you - back I'm tired of you being
ashamed of me John I'm not ashamed of
this punishment it's just a lot of
people don't understand what we have
be sure and talk about they get that
fries and milkshakes people do it but
people fourth it's you in 2017 job
people will be by jinking gorgeous came
out three hi big up your ass Jemima what
I'm witnesses buttersworth now and we're
love fuck you I with the KFC man Colonel
Sanders did wait a minute I thought it
was with that woman from Mexico I kill
that bitch I'm a very angry Sarah wait I
actually have no idea what's going on oh
my god there's more food oh that's the
first time I've ever said that sentence
depressed
alright we're going to do this last food
I need to go throw up this is a burger
auto doughnut and there's some ice cream
that we're going to put on the burger
there's cat hair on it Oh No
why is our two old bitches on my ice
cream oh that's Benny Jerry I didn't
know they were real oh they have to be
dead what is this Pat face
oh fuck more like have melted boobs I
find we don't care we're drunk let's
just fucking put that on top of this
burger doughnut this is fucking gross
for nobody who are still watching the
blind people have left I'm just letting
you know it's about to get gross so this
is two doughnuts a burger and ice cream
she does
oh fuck alright let's do this this is
the grand finale bitches get ready
ruffles that noise
haha just like a night of me drinking it
ending with regret I have just said
three voice memos to different youtubers
crying I just Facebook message my high
school teacher and said and legal that
how many regrets I have at the end of a
night of drinking but just like this
video we're going to pretend like they
should didn't happen dick Dunkin donut
had an ass this is what it would look
like if you picked it I just spit up a
fingernail alright I got I gotta go guys
hopefully you enjoyed this video I don't
remember it if you liked it give it a
thumbs up if you didn't like it give it
a thumbs up also make sure this is
started on my channel write down below I
just said that word without the B who
needs it and if that notification bells
none of us know what it actually does
but hit it just like the Kardashians we
don't know what they do but we hit it
anyways I say I go home but I'm so drunk
I don't know how to get there are you
guys see you tomorrow I make new videos
every day come back also if you want to
see more of my food videos I'll put some
fuckin big things right here you can
fuck it but a pop-up that ended with
water okay okay I got I gotta go I gotta
go my cat's dead I think it's dead
that part was so intense bitch guys me
every is still so he's dead he died is
earthquake it opened up the ground and I
motherfucker just fell right in there
resting peace all right you got it was
being laters goodbye
ah
you
Oh
