have any guys yes I am not going to
upload this video I saw daddy showed you
this video and I'm sure much other
people done it down and I ain't fucking
random official now listen I know you
guys are aware that I used to be a pop
star aka youtuber Queen of Pop I need of
a change
and yeah the Queen uh got beheaded she's
no longer to create a Papa fish just
watch because today I'm going to be
singing with noise cancelling headphones
now listen this is very real like this
is what I do after the gym literally I'm
in my 3x turkey shirt and might not be
as short and I come out here into the
kitchen turn on my music and I pretend
like I'm Britney Spears open this damn
bitch now listen in my head I know what
that okay here we go okay I'm in solid
oh my god I'm nervous
no you're not fuck it I am NOT nervous I
am ready I am ready for you guys to
seize this disaster and I'm ready for
the 5,000 rest in peace pencil users
comments okay you know what I'm just
going to shuffle my phone and see what
the fuck happens
ha you my finger babe bang aa single
woke up and go my microphone Wow I
remember you talk mass may make every
Beatle think I do never be nice so do
you know what a bluesy okay ah it when
you find ugly get in love somebody guess
what yeah got a name when you think
you're Timberlake and you're really Joey
Fatone
I don't like young but I got feelings
too
I need to do what they are doing so many
girls I just believe it Oh
Fall Out Boy bitch live my childhood
I'm gonna make a better break but let
the good times roll engage gases into
the law to make insight and work on the
life one by one more son de Sala
memories even though they were to play
he he's like you he into four and I came
to hit the boy you thought you knew
before but as you don't end up you know
if there's something missing other
bitches man I got to take my pill give
it a fresh shower
bring show great show breaks out a break
Shou brick Shou brick show a great show
did you get handled
Oh with magic I've been saving a few
secure charge or will I can't help I see
here so I said help as we hear an
exchanging of words what a shame for
groom Friday is a bar I just happen to
people never heard of Colima Katya Doyle
yeah I think people cook in the goddamn
so I know much better safety kind of
rude I am covered in I will have my
moments baby that just needs a
supermodel
I still eat McDonald's mixed
that just means fucking mean who's that
I can't bear my children with my best
baby
bingo laughs you
in my head bitch
Adele is wet go good little Empire
soundtrack drip drop drip drop drip drop
after my dance life drip drop drippity
drops drip drop drip cool that fast i we
cannot hit it
come in man oh my god girl hard good
luck to discuss harmony in sometimes
when I do songs I'm really feeling I
like to cut my face party shirt into my
underwear
she is snack-off but possibly butter
from a fight about there the shackle got
back it's all and I am gonna make you
come in a bit take it away
we put in another round up they'll find
us
I'm gonna be long city under my body I
want to feel you I feel you on the time
to invest right in our bed do your thing
calamari like this time to is worth
coming back in my bed shabbu yo egg is
all in my hair back now you know what
come we left she couldn't take the
competition
you will not learn you'll not did you
still always tell us you know leather
chair made out of land a few things that
they've crashing down oh you don't have
to say what you did I already know I
fell from here it's just no chance with
you and me
melody I wanna make you smile by tell me
alone me why did you leave me all alone
tell me leave me when you call me on the
phone
fish brother few you must have me
confused some other guy now that I can
say that we can burn now if you turn to
cry
I'm not baby I'm that crazy-ass bitch
you've ever had you see some psycho you
think I'm gone tell the psychiatrist
something is wrong oh man
gravity falls earth because I bought my
record I'm not alone what if I'm crazy
the best people are all the best people
crazy
Oh best people I cut my life into pieces
this is my last resort
hahaha no reason don't do that this is
my last resort
come on lucky to fix it it is another to
suffocation no breathing don't give a
fuck for my own bracelet we're all good
isn't right tonight get it off Mike you
think you're going on now losing my
sight losing my mind wish somebody would
tell me I'm fine losing my sight losing
my mind with your fire kill your guard
what is all too real
oh nothing
yeah ring this way very guys go
thank here you see a thumbs up and also
subscribe to my channel down below the
notification belt so you can be notified
when I put the click post videos every
day
alright guys hopefully you enjoyed this
video I don't know I gotta go see you
guys later my guys I just watched the
footage oh okay I needed to check the
sake of this video cuz I even listen
because I have made music before on
YouTube I don't want you guys to think
that I can't sing I listen I'm not
amazing but I can hold it down to when I
want to put it back bitch Mandela effect
now I feel like I need to like I ain't
doing a couple like lines from songs
without the headphones and hear what I
sound like
and so you guys know that I didn't
auto-tune the shit out of my music back
when I necessarily I'm not trying to be
a broad oh okay uh the Christmas one
it's Christmas time and centers near
make enough children smile he's just a
pair of sodom but you better watch your
child see that sounds okay Meredith you
I won't be sad Christmas replace my
heart ache in my
last year sales for a night away that's
okay that's better then that's all the
proof eg I just show you guys my
integrity is at stake
once again I'm saying I'm not an amazing
singer biking both the damn tune but
don't worry my singing career is
officially over it has been canceled
