hey what's up you guys yes welcome to
another creepy video now today we're
going to be talking about something that
I am so fascinated by and that is
internet myths
now myths have been around for I mean
back when I was a kid people are talking
about the boogeyman and he would watch
you sleep and then when you move down
your blankets it would be right in front
of you staring your eyes and of course
the myth of Bloody Mary the woman that
lives in the mirror and if you call her
name three times she comes out and
scratches your face off
well myths had just gotten fucking
scarier and that's all because of the
Internet now back in the day it was just
word of mouth you know like your uncle
to tell you a story he who's with his
uncle or a kid at school would tell you
something scary that they heard from
their friend but now would be Internet
the myths have gotten so intense and
nobody really knows what's real and
what's know today I'm going to be taking
you through some of the scariest and we
are going to start with the myth of
expression now this myth spread back in
2012 on Facebook it was created on
creepypasta and everybody was talking
about it because nobody knew it was real
or not
so here's a story so back in 1972 a
woman appeared in a hospital and nothing
but a white light a covered gal now the
scariest part the woman's face we now
know diplomatic it was almost too
perfect and had no expression on it it
looked as if there was
the inside now in the nurse asked this
woman if she needed help something
terrifying may I help you now if you
couldn't clearly see that there was a
dead kid inside of the expressionless
woman's mouth and she took it out
so of course the doctors came in and
took her back into the operating room
and they strapped her down because they
had no idea what she was capable of and
then will be nurses tried to sedate her
she fought back now as all the nurses
were fighting with her to keep her in
her chair she looked at the doctor and
made a terrifying
oh and then she bit him and ripped out
his now of course everybody started
screaming and running and as the doctor
was laying on the ground bleeding to
death he asked her what she was she told
that's right she whispered I am God
and then she was never seen now this is
a story that went super viral and
everybody was talking about it because
nobody knows really if it happens but
even if it didn't still a really really
crazy story okay so our next myth is
especially scary to me because it
involves a children's TV show this is a
myth mr. bear's seller supposedly there
was a local access channel that had a
children's TV show on it that was
starring a man in there cost well that
man in bear costume was actually a child
preggers and he was trying to lure
anything else now here is a supposing
real clip from this show oh hello
children I didn't see you there
it's so nice to see that you've all made
the Falcons like they're my favorite
episode I mean even if that is fake or
whatever it's still fucking terrified
now since the story went viral
tons of people have come forward and
said that they know of mr. bear and he's
real and that they know people who have
been abused I am so here is the origin
story mr. so back in 1999 there was a
young boy named Elliot and he was
obsessed with mr. barish oh so obsessed
that he even wrote mr. bear well he got
a response to mr. bear week letter and
it said dear Elliot thank you ever so
much for your letter I would love to
have you in my cellar we play games
watch movies and go fighter camping in
the middle of the woods come to my house
at I look forward to having fun with you
love mr. bear
now of course Elliot was super excited
about this
we asked his dad if you could take well
Elliot's dad didn't know too much about
the show so I thought well this could be
fun let's go but when they got there
what they found was an empty house that
had been roped off by police mr. Baer
had burned 16 children alive in a pit
fire behind his house and the man who
plays mr. Baer ran away and hasn't been
seen now that one is terrifying
especially because nobody really knows
the identity of mr. Baer because it's a
guy in a costume so could have just
burned all those children to office mask
and blend it into society I think that's
what makes it even creepier the guy
standing next to you it's Starbucks
right the movies could also be disturb
and I wasn't really scared should I mean
okay so this next myth we're going to
talk about is very famous I'm sure you
know that that is the myth of now the
rake is a creature that supposedly
haunts you in he's been described as a
demon or a vampire and supposedly seeing
him or hearing his voice has actually
led some people to commit suicide so
let's talk about what the rake
he's a tall lady pale looking creature
his eyes are sunken in Hollow and it's
hands are large like claws the sound
that he makes or heavy breathing
ah now stories of the rape have
supposedly been around since the 60s and
their stories of hem supposedly for
hundreds of years now it's said that
he's so silent so quick that he could
sneak into your room at night without
you notice his favorite thing is to
watch you sleep now this is one of the
earliest accounts mostly from 1691 and
it said he came to me in my sleep from
the foot of my bed felt a sensation he
took everything we must return to
England
we shall not return here again at the
request of the Ring now there have been
tons of stories like this people saying
that the rape told him to do something
told him to kill someone told him to
kill themselves this story in 2006 is
really scary a woman claimed that her
husband grabbed her screaming and woke
her up because he saw here's what she
after adjusting to the job for half a
second I was able to see what caused the
strange reaction at the foot of the bed
sitting and facing away from us there
was what appeared to be a naked man or
large hairless dog of some sort its
body's position was disturbing and
unnatural as if it had been hit by a car
or something about woman claimed that
after that the rape attacked her
daughter and according to her daughter's
last words were he is I don't know if
you're at sleep paralysis but I have
sometimes you tend to look around the
room and see a dog figure it happens a
lot well some people think that that is
the grave and he's the reason
paralyzed now there is a video out there
that people claim is the link and it is
very really includes empathy yeah Scopus
Center No
terrifying obviously that could just be
a fan-made
just the thought of a creepy being
watching you sleep I already don't sleep
so that's just gonna make it worse okay
now this next myth I am warning so
pursuing intense sounds this is the myth
that somebody recorded the sounds of so
back in 1989 a team of Russian engineers
were drilling a hole into Siberia for an
unknown project now the team was
drilling and drilling and drilling and
going further and farther into the
ground now they were incredibly deep and
this is what they hit was a big open
cavity now they are super deep in the
earth almost near the center and what
they did was literally crack into what
felt like a chocolate bunny a hollow
chocolate bunny which mean suck was in
there so they wanted to see what was in
the center of the earth so they decided
to drop in a heat-resistant microphone
now supposedly when they brought back up
the recording and listened to it what
they heard were the sounds you could
hear the screaming of hundreds of people
you'd be sure the pain you could hear
agony you could hear sheer terror it
literally sounded like thousands of
people came torture and begging somebody
dog I'm about to show you the recording
right now and once again I want to you
is incredibly intense so here is
supposedly the sounds
oh that actually like literally gives me
goosebumps just hearing people in agony
just oh my god now of course this is a
myth itself that is probably not real
supposedly there's a movie named Baron
blood and this was just like an audio
clip from it but either way just hearing
the story and then thinking about it
being hell when you hear that audio I'm
actually never going to sleep again
between the Ray and the sentence of hell
fuck never seeing like that alright now
this last minute that we're going to
talk about I don't even know if this is
a myth because it's real but this is the
myth of Lily e Gray's grave now as you
guys know cemeteries can be the scariest
places in the world as you're walking
around you realize that you're walking
on top of dead bodies if you say the
wrong thing or are disrespectful in the
cemetery the spirits can get mad at
following you home all in all cemeteries
can be one of the creepiest places well
there's nothing creepier than this grave
and Salt Lake there is a grave of a
woman named Lily gray and on it it says
that she is the victim of the Beast
six-six-six and this is not a myth this
is real check it out
the notorious Lily gray June 6 18 81 and
November 14 1958 victim of the Beast
six-six-six I know that is real like
it's a raved on the gravestone now
nobody really knows the truth about this
I mean the main theory is that she was
involved in satanic rituals and it got
you far but aside fact the only thing
that people know that she was a victim
of
could be six malaria guys go those are
some of the scariest internet if you
enjoyed this video and you want more
scary internet mix please give me a
thumbs up so I'm an ultimate sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
and hit the Nullification zone because I
make new videos and if you want to see
more of my creepy video as I have done
tons of them I did one about scary
experiments I didn't want not scary
torture devices I will leave a link to a
playlist on the top inscription what
drives you guys have fun asleep in say
hi to the rig for me
