hey let's have you guys okay I am so
excited because today I'm starting a new
series that I've been wanting to do for
so long I'm so fascinated by people and
how they live their lives and how
different my life is from theirs and one
of the people that have been most
fascinated with for a long time is
Trisha Paytas forget you forget you yes
Trish now not only is Trish somebody who
I'm fascinated with who I've been
watching on YouTube before years she's
also one of my best friends and honestly
more like family to me
she's been there for me through so many
things and just like a little background
on that I met Trish when I was going
through a pretty hard time and I was
dealing with some eating disorder stuff
and I had pretty severe depression and
she was one of the people that really
helped me get through it and somebody I
could talk to about it she's also one of
the people that helped me come out and
told me that it would be okay and
because of that she is somebody who I
consider family and I would take a
bullet for her and I literally see her
being in my life until I'm 100 years old
and I just feel really lucky to have her
but with that being said she is still
one of the most fascinating people I
have ever met
I mean her apartment is covered in
pictures of herself she gets up at like
6:00 a.m. every day to do full makeup
and glam she does eating shows where she
orders like every type of pizza from
every type of restaurant and dries them
out and talks about her life she has a
huge pink g-wagen that is custom that
she drives through McDonald's like it's
everything she also makes music videos
and does dance videos and makes pop
songs and she's so open on camera
full-on crying and putting a bag over
her head eating nothing else to do but
it is so entertaining and I want to know
what it takes to be Trisha Paytas I want
to know if I can do it
so today I'm going to be switching lives
with Trish I mean full on hair makeup
choreography music videos eating shows
driving her g-wagen it's gonna be insane
but what she doesn't know
is that part 2 of this video is her
having to live my life no showers no
glam eating boring healthy food dealing
with my animals living with my boyfriend
it's gonna be fucking everything alright
so here we go time to switch lives with
Trisha Paytas okay I don't know why I'm
so nervous like I know her she's my
friend but i I've never done anything
like this before I'm freaking out okay
let's go if I don't dress she's gonna be
in full makeup full glam okay cannot
wait let's sit down I hate everything
we're doing today which is my favorite
show ever which is not part of the plan
today but we can do it the part - oh my
god Jason really really excited but also
nervous because your life is crazy like
you do a lot of things you have a lot
going on and I don't know okay this is
like a low heat because this is like my
normal so obviously like you know I go I
get my glam in the morning this is like
the first thing I see she's like three
hours back you might take longer because
you have a lot like your eyebrows your
beer
then we're gonna snap because I'm
starving already
definitely ah to eat drive-thru Queen
you're not gonna drive routine but I am
I'm gonna drive the g-wagen yeah hunter
side drives are doing or you'd rather
for about have two cars
you have to eat you can't spit out today
then you're gonna go to the dance studio
and you're gonna learn my freaky routine
and you're gonna meet some of my dancers
and you're gonna perform before my fam
and me and everybody give me everything
all right all the box are quaking and
all the Queen's are shit shut shake it
savage all of it all this it's like you
work up a sweat you burn all these
calories and then we can have this epic
move bomb my favorite they just come
home and it's ordered so much food so I
think we need at least like 10,000
calories or something like that you know
what I mean okay that's a lie I'm
excited before we get into all of that I
think you need to do an amateur
oh yeah there's some amazing shit I
don't think they've ever seen
I'm used to pretty um private but for
you and for the views we'll do an
apartment right now we are in the grand
living room this is ran because the high
ceilings because of the paintings it's
like the museum of tricks basically
everywhere you go it's Trish Trish Trish
Trish Trish these are actual cum stains
and those are actual bulk bags if need
be but it's literally like from Lube and
stuff I try to like get it out and stuff
like that but we broke up it's not a
thing anymore this is big
okay you need to see this hearing this
is her thousand dollar no it's $4,000
Wow and then of course of pink
rhinestone Starbucks or the Diamonds
swathi
that's crystals yeah okay so then we
have three bedrooms this one's kind of
storage area you can write out for clam
if you want if you want a glam robe you
can be internet princess literally you
though
Shana oh my god everybody's everything
iconic okay so there's literally my
naked picture of her right next to the
toilet so every time I pee I stare at
her laughing at my small penis whoa
what's like your most expensive purse um
well you know I have two Chanel's when
they got stolen truth pieces I had some
friends fuck my Jenelle's went missing
along with a Rolex
how much six thousand dollars those
Ramones you guys have seen her on
YouTube my Rolex with twenty five
thousand dollars and they're gone so
those are the longer I think my Jeep on
she's like a couple thousand which are
behind you they're like this perhaps up
here no this is fucking trash we hate
them hate for that little bit two
thousand dollars that's a lot of shoes
holy fuck and then my room is actually
really gross a trashy to what we feel
look at that Wow you're naked
yes love a nicotine oh my god your
laptop ukulele ukulele
that's your house just right oh yeah
this is a compel for real this one rat
down there we have so much in common
really he does have to come Holloway
right everywhere oh no you just grab I
like I'm got some actually use it on two
different guy who's probably not a good
idea okay I love this rope which one
rich bitch oh that's what you do all
that robes actually work for you I wanna
fuck myself I'm on my bisexuality - oh
wow my face is so fun not your fault
it's wig time oh I'm so fitted the wig
is what makes it right now I look like
Manny anyway after I did I think you
look beautiful it looks like me we look
like twins but like I was in the womb
too long
no you skinny though I'm literally the
same okay why did we look so pretty
I've never liked looking in a mirror
really love it it's hair makeup
oh now we want to do the outfit which is
body body Adi Adi that's a lot of bodies
and I got them all so I like three
makeover trick position if you need any
help just holler but I am excited I
wanted to be like a reveal this is your
she's all that moment and we're gonna go
back to achieve alright good luck okay
is this it what is this
I need like more clothes I'm gonna
figure this out I guess and then have a
panic attack but I look hot update it
didn't fit like at all and my balls were
out it's a problem so we're starting
over
Trish is gonna come show me some of her
clothes I'm gonna go through it so um my
ass is big okay so I need something for
a big ass they're American Apparel
they're like extra large oh my god you
love AHA now I am Tana update it's
literally been an hour of me trying to
figure out what to wear these clothes
are so uncomfortable it's so hard to
figure out
I give Trish so much respect as I
literally feel like I'm about to die
right now look how much was sweating I
sweated off my Tanna now I look like
real Tana oh my god and this is what I'm
currently working with this is not Trish
Oh I was like Trish's dad oh fuck oh god
I think my dress falling off ow oh my
god it burns out 30 words oh my god if I
went blind and this was the last time I
saw myself oh my god my mascaras running
should I go to the kitchen floor
my boyfriend cheated and I'm fucking
exposing him
we love me okay so now what's next so
now they just let your own whole ordeal
it was a lot I always have my energy up
for when I record Indiana so we should
get a little tiny snack maybe survive
through real quick since we are short on
time and we're gonna just be fabulous in
the pink g-wagen I also be smash it
honest iconic yeah I feel good I'm ready
let's drive
oh wow okay my tutu stuck in my ass
oh my god it's hardly an icon okay
McDonald's here we come your security
guard and return of you okay rolling
through I'll be back
we're going to McDonald's you want
anything okay I'll get him nugget just
for you he wants to fuck me
AHA - Reza should I yell at people the
other people in this wig I want to be an
asshole
because you're channeling GG you need a
channel Trish hi we know okay so I'm
gonna have you coach me okay I was back
here because you wanted to literally
replace me I need to only be the pretty
one in the front always okay so I need
to like channel you more and Channel
Paris Hilton laughs okay so ask me some
questions and I'll try to answer is you
I mean every guy I've dated has either
used me or big gay or tried to kill me
so currently yes I'm dating all three of
those let's see here are you currently
on any medication or drugs
yeah I kind of just keep like a
Halloween ball like of candy out but it
medications you know what how true
sometimes it's candy sometimes it's
medication it's the fun game I play
which one was update or pills y'all know
we should do an extreme Trish edition
because then you continue the Botox
injections drugs raves and boyfriends
like all of it that would be like the
extreme and then you would literally be
crying at the end of the video like you
would have a break like you I would
break you that'd be everything oh my god
what if this video does end with me
having an actual breakdown oh my god
like you go home and you start crying -
right
do you want um oh my god Oh am i
blogging because like your friend and
stuff but I'm also a fan blogging in
your car as you with your camera yeah
I'm gonna die oh my god oh my god
do you love oh my god hey guys do you
like me yes so what do I talk about just
like my day be honest be real that's the
key hey guys um so I just had my makeup
done and I feel like a fucking dead pig
and I felt like the makeup artist didn't
know what to do I felt like he was
overwhelmed I felt like he was having a
panic attack because he was looking at
my face and he was thinking like where
the fuck do I start but he lied and he
was like you look hot so he left clothes
and I literally felt like you know when
you're trying to retake your sheet onto
your mattress like that sheet that has
like like the tight end but like you're
on a king bed and you have like a baby
bed sheet and you're fucking stretching
and you're fucking stretching so fucking
hard and then it's just like rips and
then you realize that you're just gonna
have to sleep on a mattress with nothing
on it that's my fucking life oh my god
this
you know hi um can I get a hundred
chicken nuggets a caramel macchiato like
four large fries and then could I get
two diet cokes joy anything thank you so
much I'm so sorry oh my favorite part of
the vlog I have to get my wallet out of
my purse oh my god but we go ahead
attempt oh my god is happening oh my god
sorry I'm like nervous
a hundred years and a diet coke oh my
god they had to get multiple people oh
my god
should I count oh my God look at all the
sauce
that's insane oh my god oh my god oh my
god okay nugget in a long time hey I'm
so excited
do you love it I'm so happy so happy no
let go just be sad so much butter it's
so many mmmm value always ain't like
kicking in vegetables this is
technically chicken and potato is
technically that so that's one you're
gonna should've got a Big Mac you got
Big Mac I love Big Macs
why didn't you when I was holding back
so I got a hundred no say how much fun
I'm having
are you this is honestly the funnest
doesn't like the most you've ever done
together I love it you ready to dance we
had our little light snack but what
about my drink
Oh drinks we need that right yeah get in
on that beautiful you look from the
profile like George oh this is life this
is a bellow and reborn shaking okay all
right now it's time to work on this off
features it steams either
Cinzia shipped in a wait for the Kimsey
toward combining how should I walk no
you actually want perfect
you got your McDonald's in your hand
your pink bunny bag your blonde hair
wait I'm getting looks
right now oh it's here bye have fun in
Hollywood yeah but really fast at a
dance rehearsal
- yes you so they can see what the Stars
is that real
yeah they do it here yeah there's a
little McDonald amazing for everybody
we're doing like a whole dance video
yeah is that what you're using yeah oh
my god
sound sound that literally looks like
what they use as we shouldn't do that I
do for you I'll just be supportive shaky
watching you I want you to keep me Trish
got it for sure okay all right so you
sit on that chair
do you wanna have that - amazing boys in
front of you there's back the dangers
yeah
that's know that I can keep it cute they
gonna hide you and you're gonna like to
sing the first word which is touch GQ
touch touch what and then you're gonna
put your helpers right here on them boys
you just risk
uh-huh to go down all the way and just
like caressed it all the way back up to
go on with your neck here to go yes yes
My Ride and Twitter mama got back now
one bag two bags all right well I'm
gonna practice a few more times because
we're about to film the official music
video
have you ever filmed somebody as smart
as me the regular Church
all right guys get ready for the
official music video
seven out of ten okay so I think we
killed the dancing you killed it like I
was so impressed and you had like no
time to learn it like it was amazing
okay what's next on the agenda has Trish
no now we're gonna pose me a bunch of
food so it's there when we get there
like how much thank you much I just want
to get I want some book I want some
Panda and I want some Cassie like after
a big day I feel like you deserve a fees
if we're gonna do Trish styling with
bungs
what about dessert donuts for sure okay
so just like a casual like doughnut
pizza pasta Chinese food fried chicken
moment definitely magic because you'd
love chickens I love it okay I'm so
excited about it
cute the
oh my god that was a day and Wednesday
I'm exhausted
so her seven post mates are on their way
that was a lot yeah I definitely am like
feeling tired overwhelmed hungry and
kind of stressed how do you do this uh I
know it's overwhelming cuz I like don't
have anyone like I feel like you can go
home now I'm like view of your Island
and like how much your day and it's like
for me it's like it's just stressful and
it's just like empty and it's just
people like you know we you know like
people wanting more money or whatever
for you know doing like stuff because I
think I'm money so it's like for me it's
just like I don't know how I do it like
I was actually gonna ask you about this
because when I was putting this video
together the amount of money that it
cost to be you and also the amount of
people that are involved yeah it's
pretty crazy I mean it was makeup it was
hair it was a choreographer there was
dancers it was the camera guy it was
like a lot of people do you feel like
stressed but that many people's
livelihoods kind of depends on mm-hmm
well you get to employ so many people
like I like that part of it but it's
just a lot it's a lot it's stressful and
it's awful it's like lonely because you
have fun you have like high is like I
know and you're dancing you like all the
times in college freshman is like
cheering you on and then after it all
this is kinda like goodbye like that's
literally how I felt because it's
similar like Britney Spears right like
she goes on stage at Vegas there's
thousands of people screaming for her
watching or whatever and then the second
she gets upstage it's kind of like
lonely and sad and quiet and like yeah
it's such a crazy up and then death yeah
cuz I just think about that even today
just like being with
we don't like something that much time
together sounds like this it's really
sad that you're gonna like go home and
then tomorrow is gonna be like it okey
was we even seeing Rylan that I haven't
seen in here and half was like we just
don't hang out that much and it's like
kind of like sad at me cuz it's like
it's just like a thing that it's like
it's over you know it's like and then I
go back to what being miserable you
don't I mean I'm getting all this hate
like today you know what has any
comments from people and like that one
in person like leave me comments it's
just really sucked and if you weren't
here it would have been really bad but
the reality is you're not gonna be here
after tomorrow and that's just a high
high and low lows it's just really weird
you know I mean and you know what all
honesty like I do definitely feel I
wanted to do this video obviously yeah I
wanted to become you I wanted to see
what it was like you do get a lot of
hate we're very judgmental and like you
know yeah you post some crazy videos
sometimes and stuff but I know you as a
person yeah you have probably the
biggest part of anybody ever so for me
it's like yeah I wanted to do this video
but I also didn't want to like no closer
like we used to be yeah I know if we
still have that mm-hmm and we do more
than we used you know I know this was I
think the most bonding we've ever had
and I was like it was cool it was cool
cuz people ask all the time like why
don't you know she ain't like we're in
George need friends like oh I'm like
that and so it was like cool to like
hang out cuz I always say that then it's
true when we just hang out as I get just
feels like the same insects you know
just hang out are waking together you
know well I mean I definitely feel like
now especially for me like in my life I
feel ready to have more hangout time
because like I got so trapped in the
fucking grind of Union and now that I'm
like pulling back a little bit yeah like
I want to actually hang out and just
have a frenzy yeah he said I'm glad we
did this because like literally nothing
change and I always seem to be my best
friend like the even like Friday when we
hung out and like afterwards I was just
thinking like how like lucky I am that
you still like not only make time for me
but also just you know you've been doing
those thumbnails for me in a stupid
straight like that that you don't have
to do and you do it for me well I said
this is the weekend
your family to me fucking diggable and I
don't never change the bitches are bad
all right I think I hear the postmates
yes cries over time to eat yes
mind your Twitter bio donuts Chinese I
was about to say I've never seen so much
food in my life but that's a lie this is
so much fun did you just literally grab
for everything
so I will frame it ah so a Mook bang is
basically what eating a bunch of food
are we talking or eating chewing sorts
all of that each ha you choose so much
you mean sizes II swallow loud oh my god
I'm so excited I can't believe I'm in a
Trish this is gonna be very exciting why
does that come up okay so your treasure
you should start out you know mouth
starts you want to go longer to with us
hi guys um okay it has been a long day
and we have so much VPD
haven't eaten all day you know they
started and we have a hundred nuggets
which we go through first well you know
what I'd like to do who's starting off
these is having a little appetizer of
pizza so that's a little out a little
appetizers take a bite of it and get it
going just get it going
yeah so first we have our pizza should
not be half the kernel silly this
reminds me of Christmas Jessie my mom
doesn't cook oh man
YUM but you have to teach me how to lick
my fingers right just amazing a lip
you'd be like yeah I'll give you had a
fake nail like you're trying to chicken
out behind the fake nail yum-yum
oh okay being you is really hard today
very overwhelmed tired a little sick so
I feel like I need to challenge you now
so tomorrow I want you to live a day as
me stop I want you to come to my house
in the morning noon and not showered Bob
good you're gonna have to deal with my
animals ill exercise sale eat healthy no
have sex with right love
you're gonna have to make a scary video
oh and possibly have to prank my mom
oh so means I don't die one day
no I really do don't want to see you
live a life as me because I feel like
glad that I live on YouTube is kind of I
mean it's real but not really like my
life is high depressing and intense
they're like kind of gross maybe a long
day so I'd say get a long night's rest
but I stay up all night let it go on
Twitter tomorrow no I told her not to
shower less you better not smell good
anything so let's talk about the Luke
maybe a little ranch stripping down all
right so we love to create my mom so I
was thinking you know island block
pretend to be me
