my problem is I like to put my hands in
my pants and play with my underwear oh
and I'm not even thinking about it I was
doing it at Denny's and good waiter was
like are you what are you because they
thought it was like jerking off because
like a midnight Saturday and I'm like no
one's sober I was just play with my
underwear it's a weird cake mm-hmm no
maybe maybe I mean crotch grabbers hey
guys yeah today is going to be one of
the worst days of my life mainly because
I have extremely sensitive skin and I'm
about to rip it off so I'm sure you guys
have seen jenna Marbles and Gabi show
both the videos where they glued things
to their faces but then I went to
Twitter and I said hey guys what should
i glue to my face and of course
everybody said dicks and bullet so I
decided not to do that instead do a
candy I mean come on you knew it was
gonna be food bitch I have this bucket
here I literally went to CVS and I got
every kind of candy they had and I
cannot wait to turn myself into an
actual sugar queen I can't wait to take
that metaphor you are what you eat and
make it little um okay so first you
probably noticed that I am shaven let me
just say if you don't give me a thumbs
up just for that bitch go home
you how long it's been since I've shaved
you know what I had to do do this I had
to wash my face and then I had to shave
it that's a lot of work and also side
note I did not get enough spirit gum
because I was being some tests on my
skin and I've already gone through
Kassebaum okay so let's get started by
the way I have to buy a mirror for this
video because shocker she didn't know
one why would I own something that could
kill me okay so I think first I'm going
to put on the top backward to get the
hair out of my face
oh gosh you so many people just screams
yeah
and not in a good way I look like your
creepy uncle who always wants to help
you move
oh you move it then I got threatened
yeah I can as we move into the subway
afterward get a couple answers you like
tuna milk cuz I fuckin love them alright
here we go let's get started oh my god
this is such a bad idea
alright I'm going to start with my chin
but watch a couple videos on how this
shit works
I bet you have
miron arm and then pat it until a good
sitting and you might notice it kind of
looks like somebody's thinking about
their life decisions oh I made the wrong
one all right seems sticky enough Lulu
and Rhoda put OH time's running out
okay oh shit put my hand in there now
they're all best huh
okay ah this one my god first piece
bitch I have a new identity
oh my god I love her I love her already
oh my god I'm excited
fuck bitch I'm already with Jim in so
you can really see the space getting
damaged but I'm feeling like she was
what pastels it's a dollop Easter okay
let's do back oh oh my god I love it can
I be my whole body I'm not on how many
Twizzlers it would take to cover up my
stretch marks okay this one here oh my
god why am I so excited about this
hi I'm Shane Janette Java oh my god this
is working this is actually working
okay I think we need more so let's do
like whatever this is called Kirksville
sticky sticky oak are blue skittles mmm
oh my god oh my god I'm so excited this
is the best day of my life okay let's
see where oh ha oh fuck I fucked it up
how long you're just going to stay on
for a lie
oh my god this is going to take five
hours BRABUS yeah I got mine for her
should we switch it up or should I keep
doing them no you know I'm gonna do it
mmm beer or no evidence into my t-zone
sour patch on my Cupid's bow I've been
briefed to someone contour oh are they
falling off wait stay oh my god is
looking so good
I look like a snapchat filter ask if
ever to snapchat filter this is what it
would be just food all over your face
you don't be like are you shitting I
reckon I do that you're Crunchwrap in
your hand
update my face is burning look really
bad I'm pretty sure this is actually
ripping off my skin no no for real when
you don't know whether he's gay or just
fat
you
whoo that may be high being high and
doing this is a good idea this would
turn into a how to eat your face off
routine or real quick if I was high
right now I've tried it like glue my dog
of my face you feel like you're not
going to cuddle with me you're a bitch
or not gluten dog shit on my face how
high am I can we just stop for a second
to ask for why that M&M guide is such an
asshole like motherfucker I don't eat
you shut the fuck up
oh no I got too aggressive it's all
going off for a monoid are you mine
guys it's all falling wrong
I wonder warning I'm so Nana now okay
erect are something else ah no more
thunder stroke going on okay that that
did not help
ah alright well we'll come back to that
area but we're done here so maybe we
should be using things that have texture
like a Hershey kiss oh oh my god bitch a
crown made on a kissing what an actual
sugar queen what's on my head oh my god
this might work because this this is
everything oh my god oh my god
I finally feel like a royalty that I am
oh my god you know what my royal court
would be called stitch this to the court
oh I can't wait to reign supreme
I loved it okay alright we're just
changing courses it's fine I look like a
gay demon I'm gonna get a demon me when
I was called dealing with my sexual
identities alright let's take off some
of these oh my god this I wish that's
what my skin rash should look like
alright let's shake a hold on that are
falling off now I'm not your uncle who
wants to help you move I'm the uncle you
need to help move good they're in school
within a ten-mile radius and he's like
hey Shane yeah I had a little issue grab
for you all you know what fuck it I'm
just gonna keep doing kisses oh my god
this is like a final destination movie
where they just bring it over you so my
boy we already had a bitch kill herself
from gymnastics so hello said ass
youtuber who falls into the one dollar
candy bin at Walmart boom maybe a gummy
bear will work no you know what I take
back everything I said about her and I
have grabbed a bitch the gummy bear is
coming through there the gummybear is
the pewdiepie Oh candy they keep
dragging her but she keeps holding on
what's the Shane of candies duck duh oh
why are they here should we go them away
or they expire in case you can't see it
here's a close-up
it's happening um it's a look you should
have never given the other boy I guess
you want to avoid car crashes for me
looking so sickening YouTube right back
no we think your things on a computer
screen isn't big enough okay what's next
what else do I have that has a wrapper I
got peep I don't think things are gonna
work over to try it anyway
once again the piece good job the piece
are the tanomo jello candy ditch they
say they're good it's a bitch they're
lyin I'm kidding I love Paige all right
Paige confirm now peace I believe in you
peace I saw your apology peace it was a
little long but you might have a call
back peace let's just see if you can
stick on this face here we go I'm gonna
truth oh she's back bitch her social
blanket screams oh my god okay all right
this is exciting
I love it you know what we had some
problems this shit was falling off
gilad bitch P gotta know they're
scalable whoo it's okay make another
apology I forgive you okay drama we're
gonna do should I just do my whole face
and kisses cuz that's all that's gonna
work know what I have nerd okay what if
I just like do a bunch of glue and then
just show us a nerve don't do it the
Emma no they're still all right well
Eminem mustache another of them all
right I'm just going to use so much of
this shit all right here we go
oh my god rtl beauty wishes she thought
of this bar fateful a nerd also good
porn idea oh my god
nerd is going to go bitch look II don't
hurt me when I'm the gold digger oh this
is looking so good I mean you know what
I mean okay look this is working
oh this is good we're back back hold on
let me search my kitchen to see what
other foods of heaven rappers customi
covered in empty wrappers like I don't
have anymore
I need it all all I have is a twenty
cake now really know where she would go
baby here this will rip my
oh my god bet she's already stickers
when she knows where she long uh she's
actually literally and not letting go
this is great
all right you know what I am just going
to start it's got a look at what I look
like
bitch full this is getting depressing
but also I definitely look like this
before I would just like to take this
time to remind everybody that I'm the
New York Times bestselling author okay
this is starting to hurt
ah okay you know what's going to car
might be some glue and then dump my head
in this basket of candy here we go
alright let's see if it worked
Oh oh my god
it doesn't look as another piece it's
working yeah okay that's what we're
going to do let's just keep covering our
face and glue I love that big old bitch
just like he died oh my god yes it me in
school and on accident right I just like
you and then all of them what is why is
it so big oh poor girl
yeah you should leave good choice no
everything's old ha ha
all right back to kisses I guess we'll
do around my eyes okay yeah ooh this is
burning a lot this is not worth it I'm
going to permanently damage my face for
this
you know what maybe they're not staying
because it's like getting hot and
they're melting I mean like harder candy
I just think I didn't finish Halloween
candy from pot here you go to the rescue
all right let's see if these candy corn
dip Oh bitch that's not going nowhere
okay we're back oh my god yeah
come through Katie corn winged liner oh
we should have some candy corn from the
beginning
fuck you know what you live and you
learn oh yeah oh this is working so much
better yeah fuck I wish I get to start
over okay you know what I'm gonna
replace the kisses now with the candy
corns gonna feel like gotta look better
oh fuck okay oh oh oh the price is
beauty is oh wow oh wow oh okay alright
let's us more this shit on it should I
do it like down or Oh Illuminati
Oh oh yeah oh my god looking so cute I
just made a candy corn butthole like
without even trying I just made an ass
on my face
and that's a ass ID I would eat any ass
honestly no my sister's are pulling on
all right that's fine hovering candy
corn no oh why is nothing working oh I'm
so excited about the gay corn and then
they fucked me they oh my god this is
Lee shit should I try to poke him
alright I know what I'm gonna do
I bought a bunch of cotton candy because
my plan was to have like a candy faces a
candy hair but since this isn't working
I guess let's just learn from I think oh
I'm still fucking mad well it's fine
we're still gonna look fucking beautiful
let's just put this cotton candy on our
face woo this isn't even working
you know now let's just look like this
toilet paper that you get stuck to your
ass and then later when you're picking
your ass you're like oh my god it's
because I have to wash my fingers and
you're like this whole week says go to
the paper again right now just make sure
ok I won't have to do oh okay you know
what last pitch effort we're going to do
our original plan which is covering my
face in glue and then dunking it in
candy but we're gonna not use this
bullshit
fuck you spirit dumb fuck you Halloween
pounds biscuit Easter so instead we're
just going to use an actual bottle of
fucking Gulu control Elmer's
now I don't really know the safe tina's
of this with mixing glue and spirit gum
like I'll know that's a shocker
she's not a scientist but I guess look
right up and have a trash can right here
okay let's just
oh my god ill ill you alright and
apparently sandy even worse I'm so mad
okay nerds come through that works kind
of guys I would be honest this is a
failure God when he is talking with
angels about me guys I mean I just I
just have to keep it real I fucked up
there's blue in my eyes oh fuck fuck
kicked in my eye
fuck I don't think it will be nice
fucking with you oh my god am I gonna
die I'm not gonna die like it all right
guys I'm gonna go I need to clean off my
life I'm really sad right now yeah mr.
Twinkie thing I know I'm fucking sad I'm
not I want to just join the trend and be
just like everybody else and instead of
covered in food god that's my whole life
hope you guys enjoyed this failure if
you did please give it a thumbs up
please
my face is gonna fall off I'm thinkin to
subside on the jello down below and hit
the notification ball because I make new
videos every day
don't you want to see them Wow okay this
is actually burning okay I have to go
alright you guys don't be a sign I will
see you tomorrow okay
I hope I see you tomorrow oh my god in
hurt okay
Oh
