guys oh my god Dita Von Teese was just
on my podcast
it was amazing glamorous we did a little
striptease it was everything check it
out some taco cleanser cause my favorite
did you enjoy it me too check it out hey
what's up you guys yes today we're going
to be doing another conspiracy theory
video now today's conspiracy theories
are all over the place we're even going
to be dabbling into subliminal messages
which are probably one of the scariest
things ever and they are everywhere but
first we're going to start with the
theory that is super crazy but when I
show you the video you are going to be
like well now as you guys know we have
talked about the theory that some
celebrities and people in power are also
reptiles we talked about Obama the Queen
Donald Trump Justin Bieber there's a
theory that pretty much everybody in the
public eye is also a ripped well I was
sent a video from the viewer named Anna
and it freaked me out now I'm sure you
guys remember that video of Justin
Bieber's like eyes changing in court you
couldn't really see it that well or here
is a video Miley Cyrus's eyes supposedly
changing from reptile to human in an
interview and it is almost crystal clear
what like I I don't even know what to
make of this like I was trying in my
head to come up with excuse like oh
maybe it was her contact lens or
something like that but it was both eyes
at the same time just look at an even
slower version of the same clip I mean
what the fuck was that
right like dental theory about you know
a celebrity feeding reptiles is crazy
and like I get it dumb but might really
think about this one Miley Cyrus what is
she known for running around naked and
sticking out her tongue what a reptile
Davenport I mean come on I don't know
this video really fucking scared shit
with me when I watched it and just the
fact that you can see the eyes change
that you can see it happened crystal
clear okay so now we're going to move on
to another theory and this one is super
fucked up now we've talked about the
idea that the news is fake before and
I'm not talking about like fake news I'm
talking about actual things on TV that
are not real and when we talk about
theories that Obama was always in front
of a green screen we talked about
Hillary Clinton not even being a real
person being a fucking hologram in front
of a green screen and the scariest one
we talked about was crisis actors which
basically is actors who pretend to be
victims or witnesses it might be key
things and you see them on the news
talking about what they saw and like oh
so scary but then you'll see them a week
later in a wig and glasses being
somebody else and some of these theories
aren't theories some of them were true
the news does fake a lot of shit and
this next thing is the craziest so this
happened back in 2016 on ABC
yes so a newscaster in England - Davis
was reporting in front of what looked to
be a crime scene in South Carolina now
what happened supposedly at the scene
was a woman was captured and held
captive in a storage container and she
had like a sexual abuser just take a
look at this clip of Lindsay reporting
from the scene of the crime now a
massive search is underway in his field
behind me because the victim herself
told police that she believes as many as
four bodies may be buried here okay
seems legit now let's look at where she
actually yeah that's right she's
literally standing in a field with
police tape wrapped around to a tripod
not a crime scene not real her and her
temperament probably created a crime
scene and she literally was there for
hours saying in the middle of this crime
scene like it's really creating crazy
over here and she wasn't well of course
they got caught and people were like
freaking out baby she apologized but
that just proves to you that this theory
that there's fake shit on the news
economy they literally created crime
scene that's crazy now there's another
thing that happened on the news that
really fucking freaked me out with this
happened like a year ago but for some
reason I didn't talk about it and if you
haven't heard about it sit the fuck down
because it is mind-blowing so there's
this guy being interviewed by the news
in a name and the interview seems to be
normal don't be too crazy then when you
look in the background you will notice
something that will fuck your brain
first I'm going to show you the clip
just normal
all right did you notice anything did
you see anything out of the ordinary
well let me show you again and keep an
eye on the woman behind you did you see
if you did not see it I'm going to show
you a different clip that has an arrow
pointing to her check it out shit I'm
talking you do it up and you tell you
now so Superman how I'm a dancer I'll be
really into any night okay now you for
sure decide she actually disappeared
she's clearly there and then she's
clearly gone in the blink of an eye no
explanation
literally I cannot explain that how this
happened
what this an illusion was this a time
traveler did she fall into a fucking
black hole I don't know all I know is I
literally watched that clip 5,000 times
and I could not figure it out but that
just proves to you that some of the
stuff you're seeing on TV is not what it
seems to be and you should not believe
everything speaking of not believing
everything you see on TV now we are
going to talk about not believing
everything you see on YouTube so I got
an email from a viewer named Ryan Walsh
and he was telling me about a channel
called Vida now I went to this channel
and it is talking of disturbing so
basically it's a bunch of videos and
supposedly when you watch one something
a door life changes for example there's
one that says you know if you watch this
video you'll grow more hair and then you
watch video and suppose do you make it
happen
now the scariest thing is what ryan told
me and he said
the creepy thing about these videos is
the fact that this channel has many
supporters were own thanking the creator
for making them pay a hundred percent
believe this channel is legit and are
happily being brainwashed so this is a
channel that people watch and it works
somehow let me show you
so this first video supposedly is
supposed to give you green eyes after
you watch it
yeah fucking creepy and this one is easy
this one is supposed to help your hair
grow faster now this channel has tons of
videos and all of them are helping you
get different things they supposedly
help you lose weight they can help you
win the lottery they can help you
reverse your aging process and one of
them even says it can help you get a
phone call from somebody that you've
been waiting for I mean they are all
very disturbing and some of them are
kind of stupid and you watching your
life is this a joke and some of them do
not feel very funny well I went to the
description of one of the videos and I
was reading it and it does not seem like
they're kidding this session is designed
to engage your conscious and your
subconscious mind to get your desired
faster there are positive affirmations
very powerful and well worded designed
to help you get the most attractive
green eyes and a short period of time
make sure to drink enough water before
to maximize the frequency's effects lay
down on your bed relax your body and
clear your mind release with a negative
thoughts and emotion
watch this video with 3 times then just
listen to it as much as you can wishing
you the best result peace and blessings
that did not sound like a joke to me
that sounded like whoever's making this
video genuinely believes it or they
genuinely believe people are stupid
enough to believe well this is where my
mind started to run what if this channel
isn't literally making their life better
what if there's other messages what is
they're trying to get you to do other
things what if they're trying to get you
to watch more of their videos so they
make money or what if they're trying to
get you to buy something or do something
what if behind all of those creepy
videos that are like repetitive and
weird there's like a hidden something in
the audio and their goal is just to get
it through 90
to watch I mean this is something that
happens subliminal messaging is very
real I mean companies have been using
subliminal ad for years a lot of
companies like to use sex to sell their
products I remember skittles had a bag
that's a very explosion but the little
kid old was right next to explosion and
it looked like sex also there's that
famous ad a three beer bottle that looks
kind of normal but then when you flip it
180 degrees it literally looks like a
dick hanging between a guy's lay and
this happens all the time I mean just
look up at a billboard or just open up a
magazine you'll start to see all these
little subliminal messages and this even
happens in music of course sex is what
sells even Britney Spears has been
accused of having subliminal messages in
her music forever I mean I remember when
I was a kid and her song boys came out
and when I heard it I literally heard
her singing what would it take for you
to just sleep with me I mean just
disappears me now they say she's saying
just leave with me which is what she's
saying but she's saying in a way were
telling to sound like sleep and that
became a news story arrabal and i was
like a big deal but even creepier if you
reverse her song hit me baby one more
time you can hear her say sleep with me
I'm not too young now I heard about that
one in a Matthew Santoro video and when
I heard this so first let's play it for
you
okay so now let's play I mean you heard
it right like I heard it and a lot of
other people heard it too and the theory
is the music executives were selling his
sex I mean she was 16 when that song
came out so the subliminal message of
sleep with me and not to you kind of
works so sense of liberal messages have
been around forever is it crazy to think
that it's on YouTube now I mean let's
keep it real this is the only channel on
YouTube it probably using cyclical
messages okay so now we're gonna be
talking about a theory that is pretty
crazy but also when I saw the picture
who really did a double date now there
are some theories about celebrities who
died or actually alive for a long time I
mean just recently there's a theory that
Kurt Cobain from Nirvana was still alive
basically what happened was this guy
went on TV at before one of his songs
and sounded just like him to a point
where he was scary
here's a clip of / Cobain singing this
song
okay now here's a clip of a guy named
earlier on Saturday Iraq using the same
song I mean that literally okay that was
so crazy that people were freaking out
and even on the official Nirvana
Facebook page they responded and they
said it is true
Kurt is alive he needed time to learn to
play the guitar with his right hand
finding left-handed guitars is not easy
so obviously they were joking but even
they were like whoa that guy is
literally just like her well this next
one definitely feels more real than that
so as most of you guys know the rapper
Tupac Shakur died in 1996 but ever since
then beers have been saying that it was
and why he didn't die he was covering up
his death he was hiding from somebody he
wanted people to think she was God but
really now all of that was speculation
and this picture now this is a picture
from two years ago and didn't books just
like Tupac check
now just in case you need a refresher
I'm going to put that picture next to a
picture of Tupac and look at the
similarities it's crazy
now listen I know what you're thinking
well maybe it is too popping it's just
an old picture first of all selfies were
not a thing back into the 90s but also
that jacket he's wearing is from 2012 so
there's no way that you know - I don't
know that would really freak me I'm just
seeing like such a new you know selfie
image and looks just like Tupac granted
I also freaked out when I saw a picture
of a rock on Mars that look like Donald
Trump if you don't believe me check it
out it's uncanny
I mean that's crazy that's actually
don't drop like even literally on Mars I
don't know I mean I feel as technology
progresses and as more and more
information is leaked if you were going
to find out soon that a lot of people we
thought were gone okay so now we're
going to finish up this video it's a
Mandela effect now first we're going to
start with one that really really pissed
me off because I specifically remember
it being a certain way and that is the
tootsie roll catchphrase now the way I
remember it is how many licks does it
take to get to the center of a Tootsie
Pop and I'm sure that's how a lot of you
guys remember it well guess what it's
not how many licks does it take to get
to the tootsie roll center of a Tootsie
Pop the world may never know yeah how
many licks does it take to get to the
tootsie roll center of a Tootsie Pop
Percival that's way too long second of
all I've never heard that or said that I
mean even if you just fucking type in
and how many licks does it take to get
to the center if it has devolve into
YouTube thousands of videos pop up and
all the titles say exactly how I said it
I mean there's even a video of Ian from
Smosh saying it exactly like I did this
week I'm going to find out how many
licks it really takes to get to the
center of a Tootsie Roll pop I mean
little Kim song says it
now supposedly is never been that way we
know just remember it wrong which brings
us to another one that really pissed me
off and this is the Landau effect about
Alice in Wonderland
okay now I'm sure a lot of you guys
remember Alice the same when I did the
blue dress white apron and the black and
white stripes songs that's exactly how
she looks at in my head when I think of
her that's what I see but it's not she
has never had black and white stripes
talking ever they have always just been
like just check out this clip in movie
hi really Turkey goodness yeah no black
and white stripes talking although I
specifically remember them and I'm not
the only one if you look at Halloween
costumes they have the stripe lighting
fan art hazard cosplay has it so many
people remember the black and white
stocking so then I was trying to figure
it out I'm like well maybe maybe it was
black and white stockings in the
original you know illustrations the
original book maybe that's where the
costumes come from nope they all have
the white stockings I know hey I don't
even know say about that one I have not
been this confused by a cartoon Mandela
effect since I found out that Pikachu
has never had black on the end of his
tail he never had but I specifically
remember that with the black that never
happened now listen I thought I was over
the Mandela site I thought I was done
like you know what there can't be any
more crazy ones maybe it's all bullshit
maybe our memories are just bad maybe
the Mandela effect should be put to rest
and then I found that one about myself
now guys listen if you have been
watching my videos for a while I'm going
to ask you a question right now and
please answer your computer screen how
many eyebrows does Sheneneh have you
answered okay good
check out this clip welcome to crack
down what the fuck do you want
what I'm done I gotta go I'm really she
had two eyebrows
Sheneneh has always had won acclaim how
that is the whole thing that is her
thing the one eyebrow with the
Danah and now people are telling me it's
enemies great job that she had to fight
Saturday until effective like a fucking
heard one I've never drawn two eyebrows
on her eye we are living in an alternate
universe and now I'm a part of it but I
gotta feel hopefully you enjoy this
conspiracy theory video if you guys did
enjoy it and you want more conspiracy
theory videos please give me a thumbs up
so I know also make sure to subscribe to
my channel it down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day I think you want to see
more of my conspiracy videos I do them
all the time I'll put a link to a
playlist at the top of the description
below all right you guys dealt with
everything you see watch out for
subliminal messages they are everywhere
you
