hi guys yes today is going to up you ah
because this is not just a normal Shane
makes a bunch of weird food and shove
them down his throat video this is a
Shane makes a bunch of weird food and
shove them down his throat and he has a
second angle video yes bitch that's
right we are taking it up a notch
yes we're doing another fast-food hack
video but I have this second angle so
you can really see the food being built
it's as if your god and you're watching
the world be built and then destroy
itself also I'm really excited because
this is a celebration bitch we are all
this food because it's a party because I
have Astrid spot again I don't know how
this keeps happening you guys already
know this
I literally rarely ever get sponsors a
lot of youtubers can get sponsors every
weekend I just spawned there's literally
every well when I get a sponsor it's a
very big deal to me and this bouncer
means a lot to me because they were my
first hashtag spawn ever and they came
back around to the Shane Train please
don't leave that's right it is best feed
bitch you know that name I just want to
say thank you best means for sponsoring
this video in honor of this sponsorship
I had dressed up like a slug just
kidding that me so as you guys know best
feed is a free puzzle adventure game
where you collect and build a team of
thieves to defeat beloved by maxing same
colored object besides eating it's the
most fun you'll ever have scripted
thinkers they didn't tell me to say that
that's just the fucking truth and this
must be can play the Easter egg
challenge where you win amazing in rare
rewards and if you beat all 15
challenges you win the all names money
character now you want a shame character
I just look for the biggest oldest
saddest look that's not technically me
but like touching me you know I mean I'm
going to put a link read at the top of
the description click it and you will
download the game for free and if you
click that link and download it you'll
get $4.99 and free gold and diamond and
once again I just want to say thank you
to best fiends guys please go download
the game I know you probably already
have it but if you don't get it and they
have sponsored me like twice now or
three times I think that just means a
lot to me because people very rarely
want me near their Brandes
so thank you miss being less
okay so I decided to combine two of my
favorite things we're going to be
digging foods from Taco Bell's and food
from Pizza Hut and combining them and
making some fucked up shit like some
shit that you have to not just be high
for but you better like drink pain like
I need you on another dimension just
fuck with this food
so first we're going to be combining in
pepperoni pizza and Crunchwrap supreme
bitch I'm going there oh my god so
excited
whoo this is like an unboxing video
unboxing music hey guys welcome to my
wait a minute I changed my mind age this
is an anthem our video and some are
music hey welcome back to my channel I
thought a whole pizza for myself except
thank you what what I really should say
is I'm sorry okay here we go
oh fuck oh my god I want this to fuck me
up yeah let's just test our best
thinkers into it oh my god it's like
slime all oh oh look at all that grease
do you hear that you're that way fucking
creep oh this was amazing a lot of it my
face it but first we're going to take
our crunch wrap and unwrap her as well
follow my god look how beautiful she is
I know couples where it's like one small
girl whoa failfish which is every
relationship I've ever been
yeah a huge bitch okay the first year
got you under wrap our Crunchwrap oh my
god
bah Wow how is it so perfectly wrapped
like in my head I imagine a room full of
like cute little L and they're wrapping
up the Crunchwrap and have the Christmas
music playing but in reality it's like
two angry high school graduate who see
me walk up and they're like that
motherfuckin mattresses we already gave
you all the keys Jane yeah they love me
there
okay now that this is unwrapped what
we're going to do is take one of our
pieces of pizza oh my god and we are
just going to remove her from her crust
Michelle moon would remove me from my
crest unfortunately so right this is
hopefully get rid of all right so we're
going to place that in the middle and
West
we're going to take some ranch and just
drizzle that on try oh my god that means
it's like itch what is it we're gonna be
playing our game why are you playing
games with your health
all right Alex just put some cheese on
top oh my god fucking can't wait any
less do a little hop oh my god okay time
to wrap it back up Oh oh my god okay oh
well that's my papa but hates me because
I make those noises when I walk in I'm
like oh time the words alright here we
go
our Crunchwrap Baroni will work on the
name oh my god okay here we go
if you guys will make sure you can
fucking see that 1 2 3
oh I'm not worried just let go oh my god
tomorrow headphone users please because
this is so good why is God so good oh
when I defeat the slugs and your
headphone is incredible I kind of
explain it here I feel like we need to
like really cut her in half so you can
see me oh the pizza the fucking inner oh
yes thank you you're like wow that's
amazing
love that if you want ASMR diarrhea that
will be on my second channel is that a
thing oh my god that's probably a thing
I can just imagine not a toilet right
now I'm about to blow who had a lot of
Crunchwrap erroneous tonight gonna be a
long one guys grab a snack okay here we
go
make sure to hit that notification bell
you want more videos and coming to pass
down oh I love my item our channel Nexus
okay our next to it I'm really excited
about because I have told you guys
before but we did what you think of to
the next level this is pizza nachos okay
the first we're going to use our chips
for Taco Bell oh my god they're so
broken but so relatable why broken oh so
weird order myself up about you okay so
we have our layer of chip and I know
what you're thinking Shane what are you
just going to pour cheese on top of that
that's normal nachos bitch sit down
we're going to be taking tops of pizza
and using it as nacho topping oh my god
yes just scrape off all of that
beautiful goodness don't worry I'll be
licking me later
oh my god become more penis oh my god oh
it can be so good now that we have our
pepperonis and our cheese you're going
to add something a little bit different
bitch she brought pasta so I feel like
this might really class up the dish it's
gonna bring a nice consistency oh my god
of creaminess of doll me when I'm on
RuPaul's Drag Race so rou how do I look
Oh
breeziness of it all yes not good my
drag name would be ranch ranch fountain
okay so now that we have the pasta we're
going to be adding more marinara sauce
oh my god
ah bitch this this is everything they
need on this on a menu because possible
and Pizza Hut are sometimes together why
don't they get together and have some
beautiful baby
I mean some will be mistakes like nobody
wants to be into other people but
somewhat look liked it yeah okay so the
grand finale we are going to dust on
some grated Parmesan cheese Oh God
Oh and there you have it our Picacho ah
these look amazing when did I become a
chef I'm a slime maker on the chef bitch
get it girls in your both all right
let's take a bite of these oh my god
I don't even know oh this one found it
oh my God look at her look at her all
dressed up
oh my god okay see that you guys see
this I really want you guys to see this
not this
ignore this yes okay let's do it
this is insane
this this is a baby I like this is a
babies who shuts up buck up this is a
baby who doesn't judge me with her eyes
this is a baby I'm not afraid to get
naked in front of this is a baby I don't
leave around my dog hoping it'll attack
this is incredible I love this piece of
a Taco Bell hi I'm Shane your biggest
nightmare you guys add this to the menu
and call it's a shame I get an email to
talk about hi Shane we reject his offer
we actually threw up while watching your
video you are fucking gross
goodbye this is okay now this next one I
actually think is going to be great I'm
not going to give it away I'm going to
take you through the process you can
guess what I'm going to do here's a
burrito a beautiful plain boring burrito
but you know we're gonna do to her we're
gonna give her a she's on that makeup
first we're just gonna open her up oh my
god uh when did they start doing that oh
my god when did this turn into a
dissection video oh my god if we could
have dissected burritos in school
out of an effective Oh hon you gonna
wear lab coats they're so big roomy city
I'll go back to college okay so now that
our burrito is open we are going to add
our new ingredients fried chicken nugget
now I know it seems trying to be but
don't worry it's gonna get worse because
we are going to be adding oh god some
buffalo chicken pizza I don't know her I
just met her and it's not working out
it's a blind date and saw her from
across the room and I said does not look
like her pictures not I'm gonna give her
a chance then I got a closer look and I
said no oh no I'm gonna give this a
chance
even though it looks like a bunch of
kids just threw on a carnival ride but
you know what I hate kids but I love
throw up so maybe it'll work okay so
let's put one triangle of pizza in the
center of assessment looks oh fuck am i
doing Boop can't forget the extra
Buffalo's bar we were just like you poor
oh my god fuck okay all right so let's
try to fold her back in oh my god it's
so big but does not look good if I get
Chipotle when they make the burritos all
being it's like that that's the opposite
because nobody wants this oh wow this
looks great it's not that it all looks
like your uncle dies and you killed them
now you're trying to cover it by the bed
sheets and nobody knows yeah that's how
it looks like at all okay well here it
is Uncle Jim all right let's give this
but you know what I'm going to go is a
middle because I just love uncle Jim's
midsection all right here we go Uncle
Jim I never knew about it oh you were
just good out of the new years
oh this is actually really fucking good
like the layers of pizza and nugget and
a buffalo sauce bitch
oh this is for all the uncles out there
who are misunderstood everybody thinks
you're creepy everybody thinks you're an
alcoholic
everybody kicks you out of high school
gyms because you always bring your
camcorder but I get you I know this is
amazing I am very confused I don't know
why it's good but it is Nexus all right
now our last food is fucking
I have had a vision of this in my brain
for like five years and I'm so excited
to finally give it to you guys but this
is what my whole youtube channel has
been leading up to this motherfucking
deserve gotcha okay so first we have a
place paper very fancy all that that's
be mine
next we have our chips which are going
to be and enjoy this oh my god oh I have
so many memories of you they all involve
me going mommy where's daddy and then
mommy glacier I love being silenced by
food silence by food that's a book title
now know you're thinking shame guys so
much sugar so that's why we're going to
ask them get a bike on topic now if
you're thinking shame it can't get any
sweeter than this edge then you
obviously have not heard of the fucking
brownie cookie from pity pot oh all
right here's how I want to be this oh my
god I'm so excited about this we're just
going to go in with our hands oh my god
and this is going to be like our delete
you know like nachos have like meat
crumbles well we're gonna have oh my god
brownie crumbled but oh my god but don't
worry we are not discriminating our
desserts bitch we also have up cookie
pie oh my god okay let's humble this one
up - oh my god this is going to be
insane
you know how Gabi show calls her fans to
showstoppers I'm going to call mine the
life Stoppers because if you took a bite
of this B yeah you'll be watching my
videos from hell and the devil will be
like oh that guy again can we watch
markiplier please now finally we're
going to add our last element and that
is fucking icing for the pinna sticks
now I'm not going to put the city sticks
on top of this because I feel like
that's too much but I still want to look
at them and lick them yep still better
than people
alright so let's take our icing and oh
my god this is like our cheese oh oh my
god
oh yeah this hi - okay so good sometimes
god oh my god God anymore Oh Pizza Hut
understanding me okay
all right yeah oh that's good okay now
this is this is a fucking icon fucking
follow her on Instagram bitch
follow her story purse aureus is me
eating her being who put a thing in a
drawer back up so girl is still a good
follow I know this is amazing oh my god
that's crazy
I feel like Willy Wonka okay who looks
better with y'all okay let's get food on
let's get muddy scrunchies and let's dip
it in come on Julie if it is cinnamon a
little cookie little brownies boobs
gotta get a little chair then cinnamon
diet hold on we shall open okay oh
that's perfect right there she is all
right let me try that again all right
why does two three oh my god it's
burning my heart Oh God hey that seems
don't think my hospital bill
cuz I think I'm dying that this is I
can't even move I need something salties
to like balance this out keep close to
swear by Strama
okay you know what here we go I just
need a high knees I just need up see if
the world balances out see now this is
perfect learn that is a lesson guys when
something is wrong in your life just get
a different type of no more food the
less problem more food less problems
mean when I run a rehab and I kill
everyone
ah no that was it I don't know what else
to do I am gonna lately I feel like I
just want on a journey with you guys and
I'm proud that we're both alive but just
know that if I do die like soon she's
the culprit so drama channels get ready
put this murderer in your socks so Jane
Dalton with murder
that's my food when the food video turns
to it death video I know this is amazing
I had a lot of talking Thank You best
fiends respond during me I'm sorry
God's victory download the game we'll
put the link right there
Jim please click it download it is free
and if you want more videos where I do
very very weird fucked-up shit like this
give me a thumbs up going out I'll be
sure to subscribe to my channel right
now below and hit that notification
those that make good videos every day
and he's one of my last top speed hack
video where I took out of crazy jackin
the-box
items that made them grazie then I'll
put a link to that right there to tide
you guys out to you it'll desert not
show murderers by
