hey what's up you guys welcome back to
another video now in today's video I'm
just wanting you we're going to be
talking about something that most people
are terrified of and even just talking
about it gives people anxiety makes
people not able to sleep for me
personally it gives me a full-on panic
attack today we are going to be talking
about what it feels like to die so
obviously there are many different ways
that you can die car crashes house fires
drowning in a lake
falling out of a building or even just
dying naturally an old age and as
terrified as I am of all of those things
I thought maybe would make it less scary
if I did some research and saw what it
felt like to go through those so before
we start talking about what it feels
like to fall out of a building or be
burned alive we're going to start with
what it feels like to die naturally now
whether it's from a disease that slowly
takes over your body or it's just from
being old and your eyes slowly giving
out the process if somebody goes through
as they are getting a near-death is cold
very similar I know from firsthand I was
there pretty much the entire two weeks
on the grandma was dying so I got to
witness firsthand what it was like and
all the stages of death and ever since
then I've been very fascinated so here
are all the signs that somebody is dying
so the first stage is loss of appetite
loss of energy and lots of so as your
body is slowly shutting down it doesn't
mean food it has no energy to do
anything and whether they all they want
to do is sleep
so that stage is pretty obvious the next
stage is where did you learn scary and
that's where we get into mental
confusion and disorientation so this is
when your brain that starts to trip out
a little bit as your body's shutting
down now when I was next to my grandma
she was dying she was saying a very
bizarre thing was it didn't make any
sense
she was saying that she could see her
dead husband and she was talking to him
as if he was real and still alive and in
the room and this is something that
happens to pretty
everybody who's lonely dying and woody
in creepier is it's said that they feel
like they need to plan for a trip like
my grandma would say like Oh grab my eye
drops and don't grab my purse like I'm
going somewhere because they they're
planning for history at the wall so then
the next page is the death rattle so if
you haven't heard of this before it
sounds very very scary and it kind of is
this is where the person has a hard time
breathing as they are dying and it
starts to make a very intense round I
remember when my grandma was making that
noise and we were all just like what is
going on and her friend walked through
the door and the dead now as the person
has the death rattle and they are laying
their bed and they're not really talking
to anybody anymore and they have no
energy then something very strange and
that is the next stage which is the
final burst of energy now right before a
person dies for some reason the doctors
can't even really figure out they get a
burst of energy they sit up they look at
you normally they talk to you normally
they don't even know why they're in the
hospital they say if you'll find they'll
eat a full meal even though they haven't
eaten in like a week they'll say I want
to go home get me out of here I'm fine
the family members that are in the room
usually get really excited I remember I
was like crying I was just like oh my
god she's not going to die my grandma's
back and then the doctor took me aside
and told me actually no this is a bad
sign because when people are actually
dying they have a final burst of energy
and it's a phenomenon and some people
think that it is because God or the
universe or whatever you believe in it
letting the person state of final
goodbyes and have a last meal their
families and spend some quality time the
gun for day now I did not want to
believe this I was no she's fine she's
great let's get her out of here
morning and that leads us to the next
stage the depth there so the next
morning when I walked into my grandma's
room she was laying on the bed
she's staring at the ceiling and her
eyes white I don't even think I saw her
blink for like two hours and her friend
was there again who told me about the
death rattle and she said that's the
depth now this happens when the blood in
the body stops circulating the skin
looking at purple and cold and the
person will just stare up at the sky now
my grandma didn't talk that whole day
and then the next morning the final
stage happened
now this next stage is where it gets a
little controversial because when
somebody naturally died they all have a
very similar experience as their body is
completely shutting down they see a
light and they reach out for it and they
say they see angels and they see loved
ones and it's almost as if you're
watching somebody literally go to heaven
right in front of you my grandma's
reaching out and saying she'd see her
husband and saying she could see a life
and then she took her last breath and it
died now this moment made my atheist
uncle believe in God it was that
incredible to watch but then there's
people who believe that it's science and
the facts do make sense as the brain is
shutting down I mean it's going crazy
the wiring is freaking out and it
creates a light and it makes it feel
like you're seeing life in reality this
is your brain triggering I personally
still believe that there's an afterlife
and that's what you're seeing but
scientists say that it's just now after
you take your last breath something you
are
just warn you if you're in the room with
somebody who just died and turn your
head because when they are out all of
the muscles in their body relax and it
is not only do all of the muscles down
here relax but all of their face muscles
relaxed and their jaw literally drops
and opens up to like I can't even do it
it literally looks like a face in the
rain and somebody dies the doctor ran in
right after that and like gods up my
grandma's neck to keep everything
together and also all the muscles relax
including the sphincter which means that
you will shave yourself literally but at
that point you're dead so you're like
not giving any fuck so that is the
process of dying in hospital naturally
your body shutting down now we're going
to talk about what it feels like to die
and a knowledge and first we're going to
talk about drowning so drowning is
something that's been in a lot of movies
and every time I watch it
it just gives me a panic attack but
thought of being trapped underwater and
not being able to breathe and then
slowly die as you stuff looking to death
just thinking about it actually makes my
whole body hurt but what does it
actually feel like to drown well I did a
lot of research and I have some answers
so there's a couple ways you can get
trapped underwater either you can't swim
and you fall in or there's something on
top of you either way let's just say
you're trafficking now you can hold your
breath for a while but there is
something called me breaking now at the
breaking point your body even though it
knows that there's no air anywhere it
still forces you to try to take a breath
and when you take that breath of course
your lungs fill with now there's some
people that causes them choke and coughs
and all of that makes them slowly go
unconscious and then they die but for a
lot of people because some people
breathe in the water that they don't
call for choke and then it fills their
lungs and it supposedly feels like an
incredible burning sensation it feels
like your whole chest and stomach you
don't then after the burning sensation
takes over you slowly slip it down
and some survivors of drowning have said
it feels almost like you are slowly
falling asleep on the softest bed ever
and then as you are almost asleep your
heart now on to another way to die which
is not peaceful and that is being burned
alive now whether you're being burned at
the stake at a witch or whether you're
trapped in your house on fire there's a
lot of different ways that you can burn
a lot but here's one interesting thing
about it some people actually die where
the fire even touches them you can get
carbon monoxide poisoning from the smoke
which are usually extremely heavy
especially in a house fire and that just
knocks you out your gum if you haven't
been killed yet by the smoke inhalation
then another way that you might have
already died is by a stroke because your
body temperature has been raised so high
that it makes everything shut down but
here's the scariest thing your body can
burn for seven Atlus because of all the
fat which is acting as a fuel you could
literally be burning for seven hours but
hopefully you are out of there a lot
sooner
okay so the next way to die that we're
going to talk about is being buried
alive now I have seen this in a lot of
movies in every time I'm in the theater
watching it I feel like I can't breathe
I feel like I need to get out of the
theater and go into fresh air now first
let's talk about how to survive if
you're buried alive now the amount of
oxygen you have in your coffin or your
box is about seven hours worth
so specialists say that you should be
taking the slow shallow breaths don't
have a panic attack that will use up
more air and just keep your body called
that way if somebody is looking for you
they have a chance to save you because
you have seven hours now let's talk
about what happens after seven hours
because you brain out of air you are
slowly slipping into another
state and then your heart stops so that
one probably feels similar to drowning
now there are some deaths that are very
fast I mean for example decapitation
there are rumors that you can still be
alive for like five to six seconds after
your decapitated but a lot of scientists
think that that's not true and it's just
your muscles in your body you know
slowly shutting down there was a study
years ago where they cut somebody's head
off and then you delinked like a few
times after it was cut off but either
way I'm pretty sure that you don't feel
anything now the final test we're going
to talk about is one of my biggest fears
but I always felt comfortable with it
because of this thing I had heard so
we're going to be talking about dying
from falling out of the building so you
seen this in plenty of movies people
falling out of buildings falling out of
airplanes falling from high places and
I'm sure you've all heard the same thing
oh your body dies before it even hits
the ground I feel like even I've said
that in video
the thought is that oh you know it's so
intense so traumatic that your heart
stops before you get to ground or your
body can't take the pressure of falling
so it just dies before it's a ground and
I found out not true that is a myth that
we have all made up as a society because
we just don't want to think about the
actual reality of falling from my place
and seeing the ground scientists have
come out and said no that is just a myth
which I guess makes sense when you think
about it because wouldn't all
parachuters die I mean they're falling
from a really high place they're falling
from a fucking plane when their part
give up their heart doesn't know that
there's a fucking parachute about to
explode so here's where it gets kind of
crazy if you were to fall out of a plane
as you're falling to the ground your
body gets increasingly heavier it gets
to 7,500 times your actual weight
because of the rate at which you're
falling so when you hit the ground your
brain alone weighs 10 tons so basically
what that means is the second unit the
ground
you are gone all of your blood vessels
have exploded your hearts exploded your
brains exploded I mean it is just
instant but you're alive until that
point so you probably see that
last-second ground point around now some
people think that if you're falling from
a high place you should try to fall into
water
maybe that will save you and that is
also if you are falling from a high
enough place water can feel like
concrete I mean just imagine when you're
jumping off the diving board into a pool
and like you follow your leg or your
stomach how much that fucking hurts
imagine falling super high up okay so
now that we've talked about the scariest
parts of death I wanted to talk about
something a little bit now as you guys
know I love making these videos I love
talking about creepy dark stuff and for
me personally talking about death makes
death less scary to me I like talking
about stuff that freaks me out because
then it just desensitize is realistic
and a while ago I found this youtuber
who I just fucking fell in love with and
she talks about death all the time and
very much makes you feel more
comfortable with it her name is Claire
warning limit her channel at the clarity
project so she's 19 years old and she
has cystic fibrosis and she's very
honest about her condition and things
that she's going through and for those
of you don't know cystic fibrosis is
incredibly serious and as she puts it
fatal
but even in this condition she is
probably the most badass youtuber I've
ever fucking seen so I'm dying faster
than everyone else
yeah like fall mcweenie
now she makes so many incredibly
interesting videos she's talked about
what it's like to be in a coma tips for
interacting with a sick person how
oxygen tubes work and of course coming
to terms with death but she also does it
in a very like funny casual way someone
actually like you know like when I was
or gonna do I've just cooling all this
and I was getting really into like you
Justin I was doing with my life and
beans I was really excited about my
friend Revere goes we aren't you
supposed to die in a few love like oh
right thanks I know I talked him over
now listen this is not a product place
magic not paying me she doesn't know I'm
even
no matter this isn't like that I just
fucking love the idea of a youtuber
talking about shit like that
and just making it feel normal because
dying is fucking so I thought it would
be nice after doing a scary video where
I talk about how fucking scary it is to
die if I also give you guys some tips on
you know how to get more comfortable
with the idea so you're not fucking
terrified now she said it best in her
video called dying when I won I'll link
it down in the description here's just a
little I suggest actually mentally walk
through your own desk just the feeling
of actually realizing that you aren't
going to die right now and then go
through that in your head and the more
you do it the more you think about it
the more you realize oh I really am
going to be gone one day the less it
scares you and the more comfortable you
become with the topic and then when
you're comfortable at the topic other
people will become comfortable with the
topic and then will stop being such
losers afraid of something completely
normal so yeah I agree with there I
think talk about stuff does make it seem
less scary and maybe that's another
reason why I love doing these videos or
maybe I'm delusional
and it is still terrifying and we're not
going to sleep at night because we're
gonna be thinking about burning alive
either way I enjoyed it let's go real
enjoy this creepy video and hopefully
the end of it makes you feel a little
bit better make sure to give this video
a thumbs up if you want more creepy
videos and also subscribe to my channel
right down below and hit that
notification bell because I make new
videos every day
and if you want to see all my other
scary videos I've done shit ton out but
I'll link to a point when I started stop
the description below guide you guys
sweet dreams
