the reason I'm surprised that you're
here is because I was like she's kind of
clean but maybe she's dirty behind the
scenes but then you did a surprise
birthday party blog and then Rylan was
like I think they're at church and I'm
like no and then literally your sisters
like being like the basement of church
having a birthday party my sister's
never coming on myself
howdy guys yes the queen of DIYs back
bitch and she is back with her humor now
a couple weeks ago I did some DIY and I
fucking killed it I got a murdered it
like it's dead in the ground and like
all of gurus or shit and if you're
wondering yes Corina Garcia is still
stuck in that bucket of slime recipes
whoo but today I'm going to take it to
the next fucking level bitch I'm gonna
take it to the glitter private 17 level
and nobody has ever come back alive in
there that's right I would be making
magnetic slime crunchy fish bowl slime
and edible bone King stitch and a bath
bomb let's get hooked up I have two
paper towels here behind me because it's
bound to get messy and I'm not wearing
underwear so it's better to get sensors
all right here we go the first way to
set with the magnetic slime the like in
the need is one big bowl that you
haven't washed into last video one
source that you've never washed I think
I've licked this clean 88 times oh my
god I actually think I used this fork
when I had food poisoning and if you're
going to think to like unclog this thing
that's included forever 17 level shit
and we have our Balu so we are going to
dump it in our Bowl what am i doing guru
music okay guys let's just dump our
little glue oh I love those sounds kind
of magic when I was growing up in my
sink then we're gonna take our fork just
like I did when I was stirring around
the bomb in my face
try to make go down great okay so now
we're going to take some water pour it
in there and just mix those two together
until they're OTB does nobody say that
anymore I remember when that was popular
my mom texted me and she said we're a VP
and I wrote back I'm going to KMS next
item now it's time to add something
called synthetic black iron oxide looks
dangerous so this is I guess magnetic
and when you put it in the slime it's
going to make it like a fucking alien
monster I don't know I don't know if I'm
supposed to be actually touching this
stuff oh I'm scared I don't know the
split I guess that oh my god did you
like a shit ton I don't know okay just
back to back that looks like Oreo
humbles you guys if I hate this what
would happen I would stick to every
fridge that argument all right let's mix
that together
oh this is going to be gross okay time
to add some of our stay flow I should be
slime out of this part oh my god of it
working
oh my god you know oh my god this looks
toxic like this is the movie and I
touched it I do like superpowers so much
we can take our own superpowers like
flying is cute but I want the power to
stop having prank videos pop up in my
recommended can help make that power
okay so now that slime is ready I'm
scared to touch it it's very cold
oh my god it feels like the insides of a
dead person it's like we killed glitter
forever 17 oh it feels fucking gross but
it looks good god I'm so fucking good at
this all right hold on Instagram moment
oh my god that's beautiful
okay so now time to test it out see if
it's actually magnetic right so these
magnets are very very powerful so I'm
just going to take one here we go and I
guess I'm just gonna oh my god what whoa
not fun I think I made it to sick come
on okay ready no thank you good ass line
all right fuck
I got like another one's trash okay so I
finished I made a very soupy slime oh
god you some B test sex okay okay now
let's take our madness here we go good
oh my god wait oh my god
hold on you close up ready oh fucking
crew oh oh how beautiful oh wait maybe
this is better view why was this so much
clearer in my head
oh wait wait oh wait that's cool hold on
a closer look Wow
all all that is kind of everything oh
when my magnets turn into creative
Garcia oh why did I give it Wow how was
the waste of time I'm gonna get a real
this one was kind of cool but also a
waste of time money and my fingers so
I'm going to call this DIY successful if
you have no life which I don't
okay so now we're going to do another
slime hopefully a less waste of time
slime oh my god my new nickname okay we
are going to do crunchiest bitch both
blinds now I don't know what this means
I'm assuming it's like when you go to
the pet store and you stick your hands
in the goldfish tank you just clench and
oh god is that relaxing all the
screaming of the employees anywhere is
the less gets liming okay we're going to
start once again with our clear boobs
I love how in the back of the glue
bottle because let's find like get it
bond bond pun sorry pellets make me
angry a little water I'm just going to
mix that up you know the drill now I'm
going to add a little blue because I
feel like that's a nice official color
and worth going to add
red for goldfish slides but I'm not
trying to have tea to come for me my
slide oh my god that's fucking pretty
god
I'm just going to turn to a spline
channel you guys okay with that can I do
that
take a little knot in there so now I
don't know if I'm supposed to add the
crunchy first or the beam these are very
fucking hippies listen that's the son of
my chairs gonna make with it breaks
alright cut a little more of this
alright I get to now I'm just going to
use my hand to finish it off
oh god this one feels so good oh if
you're not fuck oh you guys see that oh
let's get some squeeze porn
oh yes bitch oh my god oh okay so now
that we have our slime made we are going
to add in all the crunchy shit day isn't
it
okay first let's address this is a bag
full of bean bag filling Oh
all I can think about is a bunch of dead
empty beanie babies you guys know how
beanie babies my grandma got me the hip
belt because she said it reminded her of
me I threw in her casket when she died
let's add the crunchy arrives and now
we're just going to fold them in this is
not working you know
so actually we oh wait a minute bitch
next level here we are
wow this level looks a lot like my gross
kitchen I never clean why does this
level smelt like bird parties why is it
level full of empty Taco Bell bags oh my
god didn't fuck Mia
ah and though judges turned their chairs
no one judge turned their chair and said
did you fart ah this is incredible this
is amazing can you speed it listen to it
oh can you sure the DVD screaming oh ah
yeah yeah whoo oh this one's good guys
oh this one's the best one we've ever
made what God didn't say when he made me
you know God said when he made me eat a
bow how was the waste of time
yep ah this is incredible I almost don't
want to have the other bees because I
don't want to ruin this but let's give
it a try I don't know what the purpose
of these are I guess if you're like a
super-gay trainer and you're like yeah
lit the bead let's cut it open or you in
there whoo-hoo this is good feel good oh
that sound oh my god
Oh Oh God this is gonna kill my dog oh
he's going to pick their tree okay
they're not safe
it's literally when I fit naked on my
leather couch and quarters get stuff to
myself at literally the same thing um
this ruins it
I had a really cool climb and now I have
a fucking beanie baby disaster oh my god
I'm just imagining all of them oh they
were all here and now they're all dead
fella oh yeah this hat was almost
successful until I fucked it up just
like I do with everything else in life
thanks tiara you may actually talk
really quick about how it looks like I
just murdered the Cookie Monster
motherfucker shit he came around but yet
cookies he said he didn't want to share
that's cute okay this next one I am so
excited about this is all two of my
favorite things subtweeting and eating
that's right we are going to make an
edible phone game
okay so here's what we're going to do
first we're going to take this out of
phone case which is my marble guru and
I've replaced her like I was trying to
live like my guru life and then I
realized he inside I'm just a bag of
Taco Bell expectations versus reality
okay so here we're going to we're going
to take some a chocolate milk and we're
going to melt it on this plate oh my god
I don't even know if you can see that
still blown out there you go oh my god
oh I guess Whitman min all right I'm
gonna go put these in the microwave oh
dear
okay these are melted and oh my god I
want to dunk my fucking head in it okay
so now what we're going to do is you
have to dunk our phone case in here oh
my god okay okay yeah this is everything
all right so Oh we're just gonna uh-oh
it's gonna flip that over oh wow
talking on the phone with your family
it's become much more bearable okay okay
yeah there we go there we go now we're
just gonna ask sprinkles oh fuck what's
with botch oh my god I'm gonna fuckin II
do you think I'm kidding
I go to the emergency room I'm sorry sir
you said you swallowed in I'm so yes I
did
my ass is currently playing that speed
it's just detected a big slug okay so
we're going to let this sit in the
freezer and then when we take it out
where is our official flip phone this is
dumb I'm excited okay so while that is
freezing we're going to move on to our
next DIY and this one I'm very excited
about it we're making a bath bomb yeah I
know what you're thinking Shane why
don't you just go to lush I'm sorry I
don't feel like having 15 something
people rub my arms for an hour and ask
me like that yeah feel good if I wanted
a creepy person to rub my arm out let's
just stay home and do it myself
okay so here's recipe it's very
confusing we are going to first take a
mold now I don't have a bath bomb mold
because I am a normal human but what I
do have is a golden Easter egg wow it's
just like real Easter nothing inside Oh
is there mom left okay so we have our
egg so we need to take half the cups of
powdered citric acid that's
dangerous so I talked to some Amazon
which is scary you know it's going to
Amazon buying acid it says here's what
else you might like a nice trash bag
I was Shetty okay so here we go because
they give you that dangerous right if
it's in a bath bomb I also don't like
measurement so we're not doing it half a
cup so like a serving of fruit loops is
one cup but my serving of fruit loops is
this bowl so that was right then we're
doing a cup of baking soda once again I
don't know measurement so sure then
we're doing 3/4 cup of cornstarch uh
yeah okay look good to me
oops like I'm baking a toxic cake just
call me Little Debbie
she knows she's killing people right
like she knows her treats are slowly
killing people she looks so happy about
it look at her face how happy she is
that you're dying look at those eyes you
trust them right you should trust his
eyes she wants your ass dead you know
who doesn't want you dead
mr. Twinkie mr. toy he just wants to
party I know you're thinking Shane why
are you trying to start a war with me
Little Debbie mr. Twinkie all I'm saying
is bitch I'm ready for the winner to
take over I want to see blood what am i
doing let's get back in the basketball
okay so we're going to mix all these
things together and we're going to add a
little bit of water
Oh actually go that might a bit the
wrong thing to do I don't know if you
can see that but uh good blow up okay uh
I don't know if this is working alright
let's add some more water see what
happens ooh all right well we're just
going to keep going
ah now usually this is the point where
you put food coloring to make it like a
fun color for your bath now I thought
it'd be fun if we did my skin color that
way when I'm in the bath it's almost
like my skin is sizzling and falling off
I like a nice terrifying bath experience
anyway let's drop that in it alright
that's together this is really not
working evil
wait okay slowly kind of making
something okay so now it's time to add
our st. now most people have like a nice
fresh fragrance because I wanted this to
be like my body loadings I got some fart
spray so we're just going to put that in
there oh god I've never actually tried
those from Paris oh my god oh that's
crazy
oh oh oh my god okay now that your bath
bum smells like a butt bomb like a deer
even poop that's most way worse to me
we're have to find a new person for this
to be oh I just got an idea
so we're going to do is take a picture
of Kris Jenner and stuff her in our bath
bomb that way when he dissolves her
creepy fucking demon face will come out
high let's find a good picture of her
cue the Mission Impossible music okay
fuck it I might have to just take this
picture from the cover sorry Chris okay
so we have her face tonight we were just
once you fold it sliced it right in the
center of our bomb so I'm gonna have a
little more water so this like actually
like stays together oh my god exploding
oh my god oh this was a very bad idea
yeah Chris girl what happened all right
Ellis is completely first and it oh my
god it's just Oh everything about this
is wrong
alright let's just stop this in this
egg's yeah perfect it burns my skin just
like the real Christian all right let's
just stuff it in there oh uh yeah that's
good enough
clean up the edges who wants to be
pretty alright we're going to let that
sit and then we are going to throw in
the tub
okay let's see how our phone pic looks
oh my god it looks so pretty
la look
oh my god we I didn't actually turn put
my phone in it that is beautiful bitch
Claire wish she could here's my phone
P is this work oh come on okay it
doesn't really work but still that's
fucking it everything hello family
member
yes no I'm fine no I know I did a weird
DIY video where I made a bath bomb it's
not like poop but I'm buying no I know I
made magnetic slime and crunchy slime
and covered my phone into but now I'm
good
what was that 5150 those are weird
numbers I know this is great I love this
time for me to take a bike right here we
got one two three
um the actual boo part is good fighting
into a phone case that's like a
next-level on that money for but that's
a level of hunger that I'm aspiring to
get to like I wanted you to drive
through so fucked up and so fucking
ready for my Taco Bell
then I fight through my steering wheel
bitch I want to thank my wheel on my car
it's a great rap I want to think another
car it's a burrito supreme I want to
turn into the Hulk in to eat the whole
world and be like whatever I know this
is amazing and I would say hot
successful and I actually might be
fuckin crazy
so our bath bomb has been sitting oh no
no that happened um let's go big a bath
okay baby are you ready for romantic
that I have the tub drawn with beautiful
blue warm water not sure why it's blue
that's kind of scary and then I have our
beautiful hmm
doesn't that look refreshing alright
let's just plop it on in there time to
get sexy woo pretty oh my God look it's
actually working Chris Chris come out
come on Chris you got this you can do it
yells Chris you are survival wait now
quit where'd it go
Chris come back oh there she is Oh Chris
what happened what did you do it is
scary how close it is to the actual
color of her face like that dead-on
Oh oh my god Oh Lord smell oh my god
Chris what did you a human soul you know
just typical normal demon food my
morning routine is just me eating babies
come on join me inhale oh hello
sometimes well guys go hopefully you
enjoy these dumbass DIYs I actually love
doing these if you have any ideas for
more leave in the comments and if you
want me to do another one give me a
thumbs up so I know I'll make sure to
subscribe my channel right down below
and hit that notification bill because I
make new videos every fucking day if you
want to see my last trying dumb DIY
video I did other kinds of flying and I
did edible makeup I'll put a link to it
at the topic to keep up all right you
guys Alice Eve you little edible phone
cases tomorrow bar
