hey guys oh my god Ricky for the podcast
Mandalay Bay I'm so excited we talked
about beauty bloggers we talk some shit
we talked a lot we talked about morning
routines and how Jess just drinks and
poops are you eating what crew members
no I have lit Winfrey why not it's
amazing go check it all you're gonna
love it you're gonna see a side of her
you've never seen before
sounds like oh so jaded friends nice hey
what's up you guys yes it is time again
for another creepy video now I'm just
going to start by warning you that
today's video is extremely graphic and
some of these stories are very very
intense because today we're going to be
talking about deaths that occurred
because of online online dating is a
multi-billion dollar industry and every
day it becomes more and more popular
over 50 million people have tried online
dating but because so many people are
trying yet sometimes the wrong people
try and it can turn into and first we're
going to be talking about a deaths that
occurred because of tinder so this
happened on August 8th of 2014 emails
there was a 26 year old girl named
Maureen oh right she was a torch from
New Zealand who met up with a body
builder that she met on tinder named
Gable toasty
so they matched on tinder and they met
up right away Loreena right in gable
toasty our virtual strangers when they
meet in central surfers paradise only
connecting six days earlier on tinder
let's get drunk together I'm a porn star
after a few drinks now after they had a
couple drinks at the bar they left and
we went to a liquor store they had some
drinks and they went back up to his dubs
now it was around 2:00 a.m. and they
seemed to be having a good time they
were taking a bunch of selfies they were
hanging out they seem to be run pretty
well and then something changed now the
GTL limits are a little bit unclear as
you what exactly went down but
supposedly they started fighting and she
started getting aggressive in China
in him and he credit pin her down and
then at some point she got so aggressive
that he actually pushed her out onto the
balcony and locked the door so that of
course she's banging on a door begging
to come back in and then moments later
the balcony to gables apartment was 14
stories high and she fell all the way
down to now of course right away when
the police come everybody assumes that
gable pushed her or that he did it
but oddly enough he recorded the entire
night why he recorded the night I don't
know but he did and there is a 3-hour
recording that has some scary shit yeah
very intense
there's even moments on the table he
says things like this this is fucking
bullshit you're lucky I even chucked you
off my fucking balcony
you've got damn psycho little bitch and
then right before she fell and died you
can hear now this is where it gets
really weird after she fell gave a left
to Department to get pizza walked around
for a while and then it calls his dad
and he said this hello he's dad I might
have a bit of a situation I met up with
the girl for a date tonight and she
started getting really aggressive it was
because she was really drunk and like I
forced her out on the balcony and I
think she might have jumped off in
disturbing after all of that Gable was
dismissed he was cleared of murder they
said you didn't do it he said it was
stopped he didn't wait this is a tinder
date that she's never okay now this next
story is equal ratably flopped out and
that's because this involves online
dating and also a sex slave did a lot in
2012 a man named Graham Dwyer with a
successful architect and a father of
three he had an obsession with sexual
fantasies that were
with severe violence and he was trying
to find somebody that would be as sexual
slaves and let him hurt while he found
his perfect mother and victim and her
name was Elaine so renal hair was 36
years old and she was a childcare worker
she had a pretty fucked up past and had
a lot of mental issues she also had a
history of self-harm and suicide attempt
now she also was really into BDSM
knowledge she met Graham online we
started talking about how they both
really loved BDSM and then it started
taking a beverage now some of the things
that they were typing back and forth to
each other were insane here's just a few
words on your secret killer my urge to
rape stab and kill is huge
still dying tonight someone stop stop
stabbed raped killed really really
intense this next one was even worse it
will all be worth this when I kill you
smiley face
now he wins coworkers started noticing
that she had some marks on her bodies
and bruises and they were concerned she
was in the shop and she stretched up to
get something and she had bandages on
her stomach and I let just kind of pass
and he said am Elaine what have you done
to yourself you know what are you doing
she says and she said I was always
nothing Caroline's nothing that Caroline
such when hindsight now move you know
doesn't seem that it was her that was
doing it at all like the one friend you
explained why do you think that you mean
so what a Lane was looking for more than
anything was someone to love her and
have a companion she was a very lonely
vulnerable girl and then he couldn't
have picked a better person a more
vulnerable person to prey on now over
the course of the relationship ended up
several times have sex and he got really
intense he would beat her to be cut her
he even stabbed him but she survived all
of those until August 20
grandma's going to meet him in each and
while he's having sex with her
started stabbing but this time he didn't
stop he kept stabbing until she died now
because of her history of suicidal
tendencies his plan was that when she
met him in the park she would you know
leave her car empty and people would
think that it was East well a year later
a dog walker found Elaine's bones in the
dirt and now Graham is serving a
lifetime oh that was just like I just
can't believe people like that exist
well now this next story is less violent
but almost more disturbing and this is
the story of one of the scariest
catfishes there was a woman named
Natalie Burgess who had a very strange
habit she liked to steal identities a
beautiful women on line and enter in
relationships with vulnerable young men
and she would create multiple characters
and talk in different voices now that
seems very creepy but it gets even
creepier sometimes she would kill the
characters like she would be talking to
the guy that was in love with her and
then call back the next day as a friend
and say oh my god your girlfriend died
which would make them incredibly
depressed and these men really did think
it was real
were you really in luck yeah and sound
really real yeah xro she sometimes would
even talk to them as if she was the
five-year-old daughter of the girl she
was pretending to be fucking creepy what
did she say to you
I'm just saying Betty Betty and like
telling me what's happened during the
day and forth
daddy daddy mum's on love Sandra to be
me now this is where it gets really one
of the men that she was catfishing was
named Peter Rusk he was in love with the
fake person she created named Laura West
he even sent her video on his 21st
birthday
and he fell in love to the point that
last year on his 21st birthday he seen
her a video message asking her to marry
him
well then Laura was actually Natalie
broke up with him and he killed himself
three months now because of this and
also all the other mice that she's
willing to do a sentence to two years in
jail now her answer to why she did all
this I've never felt attractive and I've
never felt loved one leaf I literally
don't didn't like who I was I hated my
life and so that's when I created a me
there were the puppets and I was the
past year and I was just pulling the
strings and sitting back and watching
the show I was the puppeteer and I was
the audience you know and I kind of got
off and met sometimes okay so this last
one we're going to talk about is so
insane and so fascinating to me because
this involves somebody who was very
obsessed with the show Dexter and they
took it way too far
so there was a man named Mark Twitchell
he was a pretty normal guy a husband and
father and he really wanted to be a
filmmaker so he started making short
films in his garage and what he was
working on was called house of car so
here is a clip from the actual short
film that he made it's a psychological
thriller he said he was just doing for
kicks but it's believed Twitchell may
have recreated his movie in a haunting
case of life imitating art actually oh
so here is the plot of this work a man
who is married and has a seemingly
normal life is a secret serial killer
who seduces his victims online by using
fake female characters when they show up
expecting a date he kills them in the
garage while wearing a scary mask of the
scariest part this was not just a closet
issue
this one is so after you need this short
film your life he did create a fake
female character and he did find a guy
online a guy's name was Johnny Altinger
now as the state woman he invited Johnny
to come see him and then on the night of
October 10th Altinger went to meet who
he thought was a girl he had connected
with online she gave him the address to
a South Edmonton garage but when l
singer got here there were the men
waiting with a stun gun who said he was
making a movie a man police believe is
Mark Twitchell yeah the scariest part of
the mask that he was wearing wear the
same mask she's wearing in his short now
that was last night good Johnny heavens
and his body has still not been found
now mark Twitchell is in jail for 25
years to life and you're probably
wondering how did he get to jail if the
body was never found
well this is where it gets even crazier
police have a document that mark wrote
called serial killer confessions where
he explained in graphic detail how he
killed Johnny and what he did he talks
about stabbing him dismembering him
intense now in court he was asked about
this he confessed and said that he did
kill Johnny and when they asked where
the body was he said he wouldn't know Oh
God that one is so disturbing to me
because it's like a guy making a movie
and everybody his life his family his
friends they're all just like oh he's
just crazy mark you know make it as
weird or movie but it lets go those were
some of the scariest online dating
stories ever and hopefully this video
helps you guys become more aware I mean
everybody dating online
I get it online everybody I know is
online please do your research if you're
going to meet somebody find out
everything you can about them if you get
a weird vibe please leave the date right
away always have friends contact you
throughout the day to make sure you're
okay and do not go back to somebody's
house in the first night if you have a
weird back all of those things
see will they turn ESCO hopefully into a
discrete video if you want more creepy
videos please give me a thumbs up so I
know and make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and get the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
my other scary videos I did want about
depths that happen from other apps and I
did scariest Colts ever and a lot of
them out going to playlist right stopper
description movie all right you guys
good luck on the house bye oh my god and
by the way I just found out if I don't
finish it they spank me in front of the
whole rest any drug enough of this
