cuz ELISA Vanderpol I was here on the
podcast and freaking out we talked about
Ricki now I'm freaking out about me my
god that's the Raven we talked about the
reboot we talked about everything she
sang a song she said the word queef it
was incredible how do you feel really
really good about it guys another bug
tracker fish talk sound clever no buzzer
Edith
welcome back to another crazy adventure
guys now last time you saw me I was
trying to find people Oreos at Walmart
and I succeeded and I also got very
drunk well you guys enjoyed a drunk
chain so I thought why not give you
Shane is actually going to get alcohol
poisoning but we are in Vegas I'm very
excited what the fuck are you doing I'm
trying to store my drink for later cuz
I'm already stocked up guys listen when
I say that this is going to be a drunk
vlog I don't just mean drunk flog I mean
dina Lohan bitch is quaking in her booth
I mean Lindsay Lohan bitch has just left
Turkey and she's like I heard someone's
getting fucked up bitch we're here
waiting I'm already drunk what is that
behind me first of all current mood
always cover my whole body what are you
doing I'm actually this is where we come
every time we're in Vegas yeah this is
not spawn this is our favorite hotel
mainly because it has pictures of my
dead grandma's moo moo everywhere and I
just feel very at home no but here's the
plan the plan is getting drunk number
two seeing fucking bridge beers this
will be our third time seeing her guys
once again I want to remind you I am
bisexual but when I come to Vegas I am
fucking gay okay so I had this idea
I know BuzzFeed does he's a lot but like
people go to Vegas and he really
expenses food right I'm a cheap ass
bitch so I'm gonna do it but what if you
pretend to be my manager
and you call these restaurants and you
say like hi I have shane dawson youtube
celebrity but part of her um and try to
get some free like really expensive
foods and we already have places in mind
we want the what thousand dollars okay
there's a thousand dollars sunday down
the street there's also a five thousand
dollar burger bitch i ain't paying for
either so you first of all what's your
manager name um Sean that's too close to
shame dina Lohan I don't have a girls
voice I have to be the dad neither does
need a law system Michael hey Michael
Lohan I know no he's banned here I think
your manager name should be like let's
take two youtuber names like Tyler
Oakley and and conference out your Tyler
Fanta great Conor Oakley and call and
I'm already drunk I know so we are going
to try to find some expensive food and
see Britney this is going to be the most
drunk
vlog you've ever seen get ready okay
you're on a website you found us a 5,000
dollar burger you have that Herbert
Keller inside the Mandalay today it's
don't give them that bromo yet we don't
know if we're getting over very we will
have a good manager all right let's do
album week what are you gonna say ask
for the manager
I know but what do you see not me I'm
gonna say it you're a celebrity like you
say I'm a superstar like I'm everything
a superstar Shane Dawson they have a
book say I make apps
I don't like it just say I make apps no
I'm gonna talk about they have a perfume
line should I throw out a subscriber
number is that try to just say 20
million they're not going to look
something up you defy my nervous to be
your manager maybe I wouldn't be good at
being a manager okay after this you're
climbing machines we got speakerphone
good good perhaps escape this is good
hey I was just wondering if I could
speak to a manager at the restaurant the
Herbert Keller hey I was just wondering
I'm the manager of a youtuber and he's
currently in Vegas he has like 10
million subscribers and he wants to try
your $5,000 burger and vlog the
experience maybe talk to the executive
chef I was just wondering if that's
something you guys do or if you could be
interested in that Oh swords okay update
I'm eating but also the office is closed
so we don't think we're going to make
this happen we got an idea we'll order
the five thousand or burger take some
bites and be like bitch there's a
hairnet take it back and then we'll
leave and then we'll go see Britney
that's the perfect day when the Queen
comes home
and me when I do a house tour that guy
we're at a place called dicks right now
I told you what's gonna good game
we just got nachos I just got a couple
assists a shot and look how big this
fucking soda is which I'm living hopeful
everybody bring these scary hats and
they all look like I can't say it
because it's slightly racist can I show
you tell me that doesn't know like I
mean like I'm trigger didn't want your
home see when I'm getting dragged by my
hairs and I fucking my head when you
find a place that's only for you when
you're fucking Queen and your lip is
leaving the house before the top of my
life when you're a minion like your home
update we just got out of a cab and our
cab drivers said I've always wanted to
torture and kill somebody
sledding you know okay there's this girl
she's really cute she's playing the
guitar playing like some sad song I love
it current mood and I want to ask her
I'm gonna give her money but I'm gonna
ask her if she knows any Avril or
Britney do you have any requests no
Hilary Duff yes Ashley Tisdale that's
going to be hard for her Hilary okay I'm
going to say either complicated Avril
Lavigne or the centers again Britney
Spears acoustic great bitch she fucking
knows me hey I do know him what's your
name
Denice cities weekend okay do you know
any Avril Lavigne or Britney Spears
complicated obligated you know that I
might not but I might mess up the work I
don't give a fuck okay oh my god I'm
gonna freak
all the time with a crime oh my god
you
over it that was amazing what's your
name again I mean what's your Instagram
plug it rip
okay underscored not complicated
literally okay
ven is SBC o r qu ZZ and then and
underscore why you got to make some
obligated caller member three minutes go
and I was drunk and I screamed Jay down
with me like I'm Casey and I said guys
okay things have changed
fucking shit has switched up instead of
finding a $5,000 burger we have decided
to come to a place for the Heart Attack
Grill we're weighing Hospital down bitch
I don't even know what to say but I'm
ready to die we're here with what's your
name again
Ashley Ashley my fucking queen she has
already given me jell-o shot I'm 10
times stronger than I was when I walked
to him there's a shot inside of a pill
bottle fucking grandma who she has a
20,000 calorie burger can you explain
this murderers everybody so this is
eight eight potty partner it is about
its take us down
it is gay patty pie each patty is going
to be half town and somebody's guide
eating that's right again come on I need
okay
I'm the thing you guys have a thing
worth 350 pound people eat for free and
that's a way up there I've seen in front
of everyone where were you guys when I
was Roger pound your enemy is on a for
free talk about the give me shit guys it
just came oh my god oh my god and by the
way I just found out if I don't finish
it they spank me in front of the whole
rest ain't drug enough of this I don't I
would literally personal couple goals
who I wish I would've went to prom with
who my mom wishes I would marry I'm
right here
no because I could fuck her and eat her
Amazon what happens when she's gone
bitch
I shit her out
ah I don't even know
it doesn't block the kissing right
if the biggest loser had a tape that's
what this movie you know I mean I don't
I'm afraid to swallow all right you're
gonna do this we're technically not
allowed to share but our waitress walked
away
okay if you ate the whole thing you
actually would die oh my god get in in
how is it dictates how fattening it
literally tastes like biting into my leg
it tastes like I shoved my face in a
pool of grease literally if you ate my
app that's what it would be I love my
new life I love couples vacation oh my
god do you think about you snapchat it
was like find him face picture the face
she got a body let's try all right let's
give as a face I didn't have a face
that's discrimination I'm not for it I'm
not eating that
there's I'm there's no world in which I
would eat that bitch if I was 400 pounds
which I've been I would not have eaten
that okay obviously I did not finish the
burger so now she has to spank me she's
getting him a paddle I'm here she just
said that earlier she's paying somebody
so hard she broke her arm not broke her
arm but like almost are you jealous I'm
going to enjoy every second you like to
see me in pain I mean it's kind of off
then you're going to love seeing me
diarrhea this outlet that's gonna be
some pain
Oh
as hard as you can guys were about to be
very spirited fucking bright and I'm
already drunk
are you excited very excited that's a
big fucking drink
I literally just licked a bowl of
guacamole I actually looked at clean I
had a shot I had a drink I had a drink a
drink a dream and I'm ready to go I've
been practicing hold on didn't get out I
know I didn't want to be invasive in the
fucking flash here I'll pick some sake
by the way brother oakley's here fucking
YouTube gathering system fucking binge
it gets words meet up Tyler Oakley's
here I saw on Twitter we're going to
hang out he's boomer boy B which is
funny because yesterday we pretended to
be a manager with Tyler's name that's so
fucking true you fucking genius and
they're probably like sorry Tyler
already has that they're like Tyler's
already eating that five thousand our
burger get on his level
all right here we go last shot before we
see Britney maybe we have to like sleep
like romantic I don't know I'm not going
to shop if you owe me three - Cheers
brainy here we go
guys we just got to our C's I don't know
how I got these I did definitely not did
not get them for free bitch we are here
Brittany's going to be right there bitch
on that stage right there I'm gonna
freak out I can what am I going to do
I'm a scream what should I scream just
probably cried I'll cry I'll scream like
yes bitch yes quaint like all like
actually scare the shit out of her and
she'll quit the show the great
I'm crying again
I'm so happy
my god oh my god it's fucking Tyler I'm
gonna scream making class all this
tabletop sweet
Wow
we just got out of the concert I cried
the whole time I screamed the whole time
I don't even know what life is are you
okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I need
more food all right guys we are
officially leaving Las Vegas or in the
airport I feel like I'm tying too tired
it's been a long fucking weekend we
drank we cried we scream also me Curtis
a huge trash can dripping sludge fucking
me make sure to give this video a thumbs
up if you want more adventure videos
also hate vlogging in public I feel like
I want to die right now I'll just
pretend like I'm facetiming my mom hi
mom boo mom you look gross it's really
bad angle mom so you know you had a
Chin's mom I'll be sure to set up a
channel because I make new videos every
day okay I really gotta go I keep
looking in public oh my god did you have
a good adventure great cars you guys
we'll see you later
you
you
oh we wrong I guess I just get marijuana
like yeah it helps with what coma and
like it's right of your pain but bitch
if it makes you think of shit like this
smoke
