hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
five building a lot you need to be a
great experience or a fucking horrific
one buy something off Amazon it's
usually a great experience and you get a
new pristine item in just a few days but
sometimes you like man I hope I get
killed today trying to buy a broken and
shitstain copy of call of duty black top
4 for crumpled $1 pills and a chancer of
them well in that case there's
Craigslist where you can get practically
anything for treat with the added bonus
of also getting a knife jobs in your do
on the flippin guys for today's was
about 5 we can't tell these five
beauties or scariest craigslist stories
of all time number one marriage is one
of the most sacred things that we have
in life that said why the fuck would you
hire a minister from craigslist to
officiate your wedding best case
scenario you get a guy who's only mildly
addicted to heroin dearly beloved we are
gathered here today to yeah well
unfortunately for a couple in portland
oregon Sean and Kitty sonnenschein
decided that they would take the risk
and not hire a normal app minister from
a church and instead hire a minister
from Craigslist Shay Riva Sylvie era
which sounds like the daughter of a
voodoo princess to officiate it instead
and don't worry the poor choices don't
stop there as instead of asking for
normal ass gifts from the 200-plus
guests the sana genes decided to ask all
of their guests to instead give them
gift cards to Home Depot but now that I
think about it though it's actually not
a terrible idea because normally the
thing that you get at wedding is just
sucked back off like oh look a gift for
my weight - oh god it's all-natural tea
tree oil ooh
makes them to off you like an iceberg
Wow just that I've always wanted to look
another gift my grammar rules okay is
this just a single coin better it's a
spec go now get her to be undead by
Cortes
so while it's not a cheese did have a
good idea with the gift card saying it
would appear is the only three guests
out of the 200 that showed up got the
memo at the end of the wedding the sign
of genes just thought that they had the
worst friend imaginable when in fact the
Craigslist minister was caught on camera
putting most of them into her own bag
and disappearing into the night like my
homosexual thoughts wait one so the
ladies dodgy got away with it but then
had to pay all $1500 that she stole from
the gift cards back to them as well as
say a $900 restitution beat Wow real
good job is what were you going to do
with stolen gift cards from home
so anyway I didn't understand if they're
from Taco Bell because that gave bits on
via put Home Depot no number two finding
the cheap apartment where the landlord
is not Satan is a hard thing to do I
remember the first apartment I lived in
was actually infested by hobo spiders
yeah also make sure those up right there
if you've never seen one of those but
yeah hobo spiders and I try to have the
paper and exterminator but they refused
me because quotes you love to put the
spiders in there you know it's worse
than having hobo spiders in your hands
which is regular hobo as I supported a
girl looking for a new apartment about
an ad on Craigslist of a female college
student looking for another female
roommate so the girl contacted the ad
they set up a meet time to look at the
house wares even created by a sign on
the front door that says use the back
door okay pretty weird but go on so the
girl goes back there she enters to the
back door and instead of meeting the
alleged female college student was
created by a grungy asshole who said he
was the landlord yourself on the
landlord that's when the girl noticed
that there wasn't any furniture in the
house which would have been weird that
there actually was another female
college student living there and also
that these front door was nailed shut
okay probably not good that's what meat
landlord said that he wanted her to
check out the rec room which was in the
basement oh hell no bitch get the fuck
out of it luckily the girl fakes a phone
call hey Dad oh yeah I totally forgot
about that appointment which is that
right now o'clock for me to change my
feet oh yeah and also to get my herpes
medicine ends my AIDS medication what
that there's no such thing and ageless
okay don't argue with me this is why mom
cheat on you with the gardener sorry
gotta go
that's when she rushed to the car and
called the police later that night and
was discovered that he house had been
foreclosed and abandoned and that the
landlord was really just a homeless dude
who had moved in with aspirations for
some hot young college booty look man I
get but unfortunately luring the girl to
an abandoned house is not the way to do
it you have to do what normal people do
and get to know someone go on a couple
of dates and then maybe you get there or
you can just get tinder and swipe a few
times and bang some girl in a random
Denny's parking lot that option does
exist
I wouldn't know from experience number
three it's easy to thing from that last
story that homeless dudes are all just
the worst lord knows I've had my fair
share of strangers fuck homeless dude
experiences
guiding the violently insisting drug
dealers up your time you little fancy
hats on a person's back set that's a
peasant I'm good if you wear executive
or Akio Gibeah you ever seen a homeless
dude pee in your exact direction with
his dick fully out no I don't recommend
it color in this next story the homeless
dude was actually the hero and the
testimony led to the arrest and capture
of a guy who used Craigslist to organize
a height bethany Curcio whose last name
sounds like an unforgivable curse but
the former high school football star
turns painkiller addicts who took the
Craig's List to organize the heist
involving an armored truck probably
after watching Fast Five where he got
ten day laborers who are just looking
for normal jobs to help him with the
crime where as you probably could have
guessed they all had no idea what was
happening until it was too late
you know what they thought man isn't
painting a shed for a reasonable fee I
was promised tapas and back rubs but I
was a felony counts of armed robbery and
is that the story couldn't get any worse
curfew robbed the trucks grabbed two
bags of cash and drove off into the
sunset not paying any of the workers for
their parts Wow big boo looks even
better is apparently he had escaped in
the most adorable fashion ever by
hopping on an inner tube attached to the
getaway boat piloted by a friend of
Curcio we ended what normal asshole
robbers do and went to Las Vegas
to spend his spoils on the strippers
cocaine gambling and overpriced Gordon
Ramsay burger is my dream version of
events he did all of those things are an
inner tube as well Wow well as I
mentioned before he was caught by a
homeless man who had witnessed the
robbery as well as the testimony from
all of the workers that you left high
and dry you could all corroborate what
you look like yay my father said save
the day I don't get to say that often so
I'm going to make a big deal out of it
when I do well Curcio eventually got out
of prison where apparently he makes his
living now being a motivational speaker
if you're gonna rob the place and try to
get away make sure that you have more
than one inner tube that was my mistake
number four okay so this one is just
terrifying so a 15 year old girl was
looking for work over the summer and
decided to look on Craigslist where she
found a housecleaner job that was
reasonable and in the area she talked to
the house owner James who agreed to pick
her up because she didn't have a car
okay my question so far is if you're a
parent why would you just be like all
right on it you'll have fun getting in
the car for random strange guy you've
just met on the internet on the scariest
site that there is be home at 7:00
anyway so she goes this guy's house
cleans it seems pretty normal a couple
nights later she gets woken up in the
little denied by a guy looking in her
window so by the time that her parents
got back in the room after she had
screamed and went to their room he was
gone despite this though she didn't know
that it was James so she continued to
clean his house on one occasion she
stopped to go to the bathroom and found
a pile of VHS tapes and one of them had
her name on it
oh hell doh so she then asked to go home
where James obliges but starts driving
in the opposite direction
I stopped by though she was smart enough
to get out and run away on her mom and
please to come and get her and then the
police came and raided James house where
they found the tapes and on several of
them were missing kids doing just
terrible things yeah I think this is a
good story to end on I really don't need
to say anything I think my face will say
everything that you need to know how I'm
feeling
finally number five easily the scariest
shit ever
that's what involved a guy from Twin
Falls Idaho hiring a couple of dudes
from Craigslist to show up at their
house it helped his wife live out her
bizarre rape fantasies and while
normally something like this would be
considered normal on Craigslist the
reason it makes this list is because the
wives had no idea that it was happening
so her husband just hired dudes to come
and rape his wife like what the fuck her
husband had apparently talked to the two
men on Craigslist posing as her and made
instructions that the men should not
stop no matter how much she resisted so
fucked up okay yeah so we've established
that the husband is the worst human
alive but what actually happened well
apparently the two men showed up at the
house where she answered the door and
they said I'm here for you and grabbed
her fortunately though the story does
have a silver lining they would be wife
actually aroused a gun and pulled it on
the two horsing them to stop well it's
worse is that the husband tried to do
the exact same thing
two days later like again and this time
he was caught and sent to jail good
fuckin lord man how do people this
horrible exist like you're right I'm
worrying that not seeing my friend for
two days makes me a horrible person
meanwhile shit like this exists like
honestly how does this guy fucking sleep
at night fuck well that's enough of that
that is it for this episode of what's
about five hopefully you guys enjoyed it
if you did make sure to give it a like
and also subscribe to this channel as
there will be more every single week
also I do apologize my voice is going
out right now so it sounds like I am a
fucking frog that would be that
what's up bitches but before my voice
gets out make sure to check out my tail
on youtube.com / captain SS got some
pretty good shit there there's a pretty
mediocre video still love it oh yeah
bitch I will that's it guys we'll see
you next time for another one about five
thanks for watching
don't come on Craigslist and fair with
