has to be guys yeah holy fuck this is
going to be the best day of my life
everything I've achieved up until this
point the only shit the book the movies
the slime none of those things come
close to what I'm about to do today
because today we are trying stoner food
and these are fucking crazy I found a
bunch of recipes online I made them
myself
they are going to blow your high money
now if you smoke weed I recommend you
smoke it right now that way this video
will make more sense for you I recommend
you smoke weed before you watch any web
videos really so like I know people
think Mallya trades you should take
Molly on your couch before you watch me
eat because they just have that's an
experience but before we get into it I
just want to remind you guys that I
don't personally smoke weed not that I
have anything against it I wish I liked
it I just don't do it because a it makes
me fucking crazy and B it would make me
eat this type of shit every day
and I'm just personally trying not to
get any new stretch marks like the old
ones I have are fine but like I'm not
trying to get the noodle so without
further ado let's get into it first we
have we should have like Starr music hey
what's up guys that's what was better
that was not a stoner that was a
substitute teacher who with in jail now
alright guys here we go with our first
meal of the day now though you're
thinking Shane that's just a normal
pizza you're also probably thinking I
wonder what would happen if my dog
started talking to me right now and
possibly why so mysterious but calm down
it's fine you're just hot actually I
don't know what do people who are high
think about like I know some people get
really creative and they write songs and
do poetry I think I would start eating
my own flesh with a sport so I don't do
it anyways back to food to prepare
yourself because you are really going to
say me when you see this god nehi is
just as unfunny as me not all right here
we go it is a pizza comforting McDonald
ha ha if this doesn't make you want to
do drugs I don't know what will we have
a pepperoni pizza i wan't put french
fries nugget Big Mac sweet sour puss
barbecue sauce bitch it's all year now
I'm not even high and I want to fuck
this up like if I would not have my own
key to get up bitch this would be in the
center of the room off mic you can get
it will be soft being you know what I
mean like everybody comes
their own thoughts like grandma's
wearing ranch grandpa's wearing hot
sauce
it's couple goals all right here we go
let's get into bed bitch what P should I
take my office
mmm I think I'm going to eat the piece
that has a full burger on it and eight
nugget I'm trying to cut back
oh my god that in crazy fish I'm sorry I
saw that on a website this is a actual
thing that people do how high not to be
to do this sober kicker me all right
here we go let's take a bite oh my god I
get it
I just get marijuana like yeah it helps
with walk home on and like it's right of
your pain but bitch if it makes you
think of shit like this smoke like maybe
America needs to be less woke and more
smoke because this could solve the
world's problems don't go to war go to
FIFA had McDonald grease not gonna know
this is incredible this is insane hold
on I need a little nugget a little fry
like I want to get all aspects of it
Paula Deen is quaking in her boot the
cast of The Biggest Loser just ate all
the way back this is changing the world
oh my god I love that it's so heavy that
the pizza does not want to tell me when
I'm on a skateboard all right here we go
one it really does not look all right
here we go
ha ha ha I'm smoking it this is amazing
do guess what maybe not if you're high
do this if you're not think about your
life think about what led you to this
point and then get high
all right Nexus okay now this sooner I
can't believe I haven't thought of
before like he doesn't take lead to
think of this it takes two episodes of
my stick to that life but you know the
part of the show where they show like
what they're eating during the day it's
supposed to be like the scary part like
the part where you're like oh my god how
do they do it
like when I watch it it's more like oh
my god how can I do it and that leads us
to this a bacon cheeseburger that has
pop charts
yes now listen if you don't think this
is good it's what's wrong with you you
have this bacon cheeseburger I mean the
tomatoes a little weird like I don't
know how that's gonna go though we'll
get there
then you have this fucking pop-tart with
these little sprinkles on top and all
but just heated it's toasted sheet ready
this is genius I don't know how people
have not thought of this I mean maybe
they have but the fact that this isn't
available at my local McDonald's it's
crazy
Ronald McDonald needs to do Molly oh my
gosh can you imagine doing Molly and
then going in that ball pit bitch bye
alright so here we go I feel like we
need to break her in half we get to see
all the innards here we go oh my god oh
my god hold on as you can see we have
some pumpkin jelly floor nuts inside we
got some bacon we got some cheese this
isn't funny up here we go oh my god one
two go three Carcieri if you're watching
this right now I'm sorry for killing you
because you're so shocked bitch Paula
Deen's just buttered yourself why don't
we go make up melt it off because I'm in
it fucked up and can you imagine how
much better it would be if you were
fucked up listen YouTube I know you've
been restricting my content lately
because you don't think that children
should be watching it but I didn t need
to unrestrictive IDEO because this is
educational every child in America needs
to know how bad this is I want to do
like a tour you know where I go to
different schools and I get in front of
all the students and I say hello
students um I know bullying is a problem
I know getting into college is hard but
I have something that's more important I
have a burger bitch everybody just one
you know you'll have after that perfect
scores thanks sue
okay now this next one is a little iffy
like I feel like you have to actually be
high to enjoy it and this is something I
did not find on website it's something
that I thought of sober and that is
taking a Twinkie and sticking a hot dog
in it no listen I noticed that was crazy
let's think about it sweet and salty
like you have your bond but the fun also
has cream in it build this with
mayonnaise yeah that's too far I mean
not for me like I stuck with that but
maybe for you also look at me or hip hop
out comes dinner but I remember when I
was a kid now choked on him
don't ask or do you ask I used to
practice blowjobs on hot dogs when my
parents weren't home which isn't even
the scary part the scary part is
sometimes I put ketchup on it I don't
know what that means
anyways let's cook all right so I guess
I'll just uh once again at YouTube this
is educational I'm showing them how sex
works so you take your hot dog and she
takes her Twinkie and then you just put
it in oh god I broke her okay we might
need to drill a hole in her first got it
okay I'm gonna use a straw we're just
going to boom just our backpack oh my
god fuck with you later
alright so now that we have a hole left
okay here we go
oh that's how good ooh okay alright yeah
this didn't really work out but at the
top account and that's exactly how
sexist alright so here we go we have our
hot dog Twinkie bye oh my god I don't
know if you could actually see how gross
is this told us when you think your
makeup is good until somebody take the
picture of you this is how I look in all
my tags photoes here we go that is good
I have a lot of thought
first of all Rosanna pansino I am sorry
for scalping you because I have snapped
your way bitch meet the new queen of
pastries ah this is crazy brittle it
tastes like like a corndog with cream in
it that's exactly what it is literally
all I did was make a corn dog and took
whipped cream on it oh my god I should
sell this at the fair what would I call
it like a tweet or a pop wink
I think that's taken oh no this is
amazing I love this I'm confused by all
throw at my quinceañera and I know a
lot of you guys are thinking Shane you
can have a continue that that's for
fifteen-year-old girls who are usually
latina and what I would say to you is
let me live am i teaching ever we would
have Pisa was MacDonald on it we would
have hot points everywhere and my big
gift would be a car with a bow on it it
would be a car filled with cheese dip it
would be a bunch of Taco Bell molded
into the shape of a car and I would
crash into it I don't know what pitbulls
perform but he would be available so I'd
probably get Ricky Dillon and
okay with it this is incredible try this
just not part of your parents I don't
want to be the reason that you get sent
to that camp I want to be the person
that you watch on the phone underneath
your blankets at that campus I'll be
your just easy mixes okay now listen you
have heard of a s'more before graham
cracker marshmallow chocolate boring if
you really want to kick it up a notch
bitch you are going to use chocolate
cookies instead of graham crackers okay
this one I'm excited for you don't even
have to be high for this you just have
to be human this is an equality to more
like everybody could get it on it okay
so as you can see oh my god oh she is so
beautiful I just had this in the
microwave let's lift it up oh god it's
too gooey Oh
oh it's actually tube going to be him oh
fuck
oh this is not working we might have any
visible before oh my god maybe that's
I'm going to start my tour at high
school oh fuck me hi guys oh my god okay
alright let's say goodbye oh okay here
we go I don't know how to do this oh my
god oh my god okay this gives the word
s'more so many other meanings like this
is going to give me smarts patís more
doctors telling me I'm on the edge of
diabetes and more reasons for Rylan to
break up with me but honestly I'm going
to fuck this is incredible you can't
really tell like it's hard to understand
what this is plenty explain is hard this
is a piece that I haul more money's more
problems like when life gets crazy and
hectic but it's all good stuff it still
gets a little confusing and kind of
melts together but honestly even if
you're overwhelmed and confused by it
just II and that will solve everything
and that's how I'm going to end my high
school to work I know this is crazy I
don't even I can't even like I can't
comprehend what would happen to me if I
ate to something I would definitely go
up and my dog would eat it and then you
would die
Nexxus okay this next one is for all my
sandwich clean this is a grilled cheese
sandwich that is filled with and topped
with Doritos oh my god
that's beautiful now as you can see the
top of her is covered and crunched up
reto and then inside of her you can see
full-size Doritos hold on
I feel like I need to get a better angle
of this spread or as you can see oh my
god
first of all let's open her up oh oh can
you see the Doritos inside with cheese
fish oh let's cut right now we might
have a serial killer and I'm really
excited about it what's poppin Connor
and happy and open her up and ear me
when I'm a fat Dahmer
okay I don't know the knife so we're
gonna use scissors could we are classy
here at sandwich clean all right here we
go
just cut her in half oh there we go you
so unappetizing mmm mmm all right bitter
serve okay let's do the spread test Oh
oh my god a little Torito hanging out
the side bitch sandwich we had a
commercial she be the star all right
let's take this oh my god okay here we
go oh fuck me ah headphone users I'm
sorry you just should have a special
feature like you know how they're doing
the restricted things for kids they
should be restricted videos for a
headphone watch because um that would
make all my videos go away all right
here we go
oh my god this might be the best thing
I've ever made that's not saying a lot
malicious is actually really genuinely
good and like this is something you
could try without your family members
asking if you're okay like this exciting
that should be on the menu this is
fucked
oh my god I don't even know what to say
like actually do this like please do
this tag means send me your photos send
me a video of your mom calling a
therapist and going hi yes my daughter
mm-hmm I don't know what's going on with
her
I don't know today she made this fucking
weird sandwich yesterday she was putting
big apps on her pizza I just don't know
what I'm doing wrong yeah send me all of
that I love it Nexxus okay this next
food I'm not as excited about it also
I'm not exactly how I envisioned the
idea was pancake tacos that are filled
with peanut butter and jelly and then
what had happened was this ah yeah that
looks like somebody got leg surgery and
the doctor didn't stitch him up now to
really get a whole vision of this I feel
like like I don't think being a high
would make this enjoyable similar to
having
with me like no matter how many pills
you take this is still here no matter
how many blindfold you use you can still
touch it but maybe what will make these
tacos better is to maple syrup listen
I'm all about fixing the problems with
more food that's my high school towards
my house right so here we go oh my god
alright yeah I know this works
ya know this is gonna be bomb star like
I was questioning her for a minute but
ya know I can stuff with that leg
surgery Oh God okay okay let's do this
Minnie oh my gosh I'm gonna get over
here oh oh oh my god can you see that
the peanut butter the jelly this syrup
what was I thinking this is actually
genius oh oh oh look it look at what it
looks like when you drown in I just got
syrup everywhere hey here's my OOTD hey
guys got this shirt from Target not
wearing shorts and I'm covered in syrup
so other links during the description it
smell the offer codes are down below uh
yeah okay let's try this but also I need
to figure out why I'm coming to serve
and how to fix this okay here we go
am i cute in yellow we have my grandma
in ranch we have my grandpa in hot sauce
bitch everybody else is wearing syrup oh
my god it's so good and now I'm a meal
so this would be bad about hi I would
just be taking bites out of myself where
guys go I'm covered in syrup my breath
smells like a hotel buffets bathroom
stall and I'm actually thinking about
putting my arm on a waffle iron and
eating it all of this is happening while
I'm not high which is why I do not do
drugs but if you do do drugs hopefully
this video inspired you to get that
kitchen start cookin oh no I love this
I'm excited hopefully you guys are
liking these videos I'm trying to think
of weirder more creative ideas let me
know down the comments what else I
should be doing all the comments go to
the gym stop eating food brush your
teeth once in a while Shane no it's not
gonna do any of that I think I'm gonna
join if you didn't please me a thumbs up
also subscribe to my channel right down
below and hit that notification Bella
successful bitch
okay anyone watching my other eating
videos last week I did trying Titanic
food
I've been trying foods in prison I've
been a lot of weird button I'll put a
link to a playlist right at the top
description all right you little sooner
so see you guys tonight I need to stop
doing that okay Mike I know people who
have more money than they could possibly
spend in a lifetime and they're not
happy she's like see mom anyways
