hello my little oopsie daisies welcome
back to my channel now I know you all
are thinking hey fangirls hey bitch I
don't think I've created a name for this
character yet why don't you ever have
any brand deal well you would be wrong
because today I have so many first we're
going to start with this piercing gun I
bought on Amazon so I bought this with
no proof of ID and it just came to my
house with no warning label
so that's safe it also came with this
tiny little mirror in case you want to
see you accidentally rip your friend
skin off now I don't know how to use
this but I'm learning
I've been trying on my dog and I'm
currently looking for someone's new to
try it on because it killed my dog
I say rest in peace but he's in pieces
my next product is this condom wrapper I
don't know it is because I don't know
anybody that uses that but what I will
say is it is really far too thick on
your finger like a puppet out of you can
go up the kids at the park and say and
your parents wouldn't use me you
wouldn't exist then they cry and I
bottle it up and drink it that's one of
my beauty hacks but we'll get to that in
another video my last products Evan
sponsored by is Jesus candles
um he prays he plays he's always lit
it's really nice when you want those
kusa Fridays I've all the other gods are
sugar and I think that's it oh wait I'm
also sponsored by this one glove I found
on my bathroom floor I'm not kidding
that's fucking terrified I literally
don't know whose this is somebody might
be living in my house watching me it's
wet I have it yes
shopping I am actually not that big girl
well the turning I don't she doesn't
mean but the reason I'm talking about
hashtag ads and sponsored products is
because today we're going to be doing a
video where I'm going to be trying every
the Kardashians have on 3rd and some
things that are their product bitch I'm
just going to give you a sneak peak on
the Chris wrote a cookbook in the
kitchen with Chris bitch
where have you ever been in the kitchen
other than when you're yelling at the
help look at her evil ass face look at
it just imagine being her housekeeper
she's like oh looks like you missed a
spot that's funny considering how much I
pay you oh my god I'm so sorry Chris I
don't know how I missed it I don't know
how you missed it either oh just going
to continue chopping this pepper with a
butcher knife yeah fucking terrified but
we'll get to this later now seeing our
baby super Stu videos like this
I saw niki and gabi deadlines but none
of them has been really reviewing
products such as khloe kardashian's book
strong looks better naked now this was
me on the cover advisor it would be
called if I'm naked
I hope you have a strong stomach my
naked looks better when I'm wearing
clothes so I'm excited to get to do it
okay
where do I even start first of all I
don't know why I'm still wearing this
wig but I'm going to keep it on okay so
the first thing we're going to review is
this highlighters so I have seen these
like all over the internet I paid a lot
of money for them and the stickers on
the back are crooked you can't even see
them but they're fucking crooked listen
I'm not an actual guru so I'm not really
going to review these but all I'm saying
is in the warehouse where you probably
have a bunch of under paint people
making these you need app Kris standing
there with her butcher knife like oh
that sticker looks crooked interesting
yeah that packaging look I'm not perfect
okay so let's pick a flavor okay I'm
going to go to salted caramel let's do
an unboxing guru music okay guys we are
opening up this Kylie highlighter the
thicker on the inside is also crooked
and have some gross shit on it that's
nice
now as you open it up there's a mirror
to break that off and then on the
infrared is the signature Kylie drift
now if you don't know this Kylie is
famous for her dripping okay so I guess
we just put it on our face I don't know
oh you know what let's use these so I
also bought I don't know some kind of
brush that Kylie talked about it was
fucking expensive but supposedly highly
says it's the best oh my god this is a
chihuahua this is made out of actual
chihuahua hair can you flip it yeah oh
my god using a dog to apply highlighter
that's a hack that will get me actually
resident oh my god it really does feel
addictive
Oh feeling love from an animal timely
know what that's like okay so we are
going to do and we're going to take the
highlighter and this dog brush and we
are just going to rub it in like that
right I don't know we're going to look
in the mirror throw up a little bit
close it and now we're going to apply
wait did that just turn my skin metal
that just turned me into a sock robot
like uh sculpt robot was getting
refunded hi yeah I just got me fucked
robot and um I think it's busted oh
really it shouldn't be busted it's brand
new
no no I'm fucking busted fucking busted
a fuck I think somebody in it was a cock
if that's not possible it's fresh out of
the box it looks like a pig and a
refrigerator had a baby and that baby
had dry skin oh my god did we send you
the Dustin we're sorry those have been
outlawed yeah it would be bad I am NOT
gonna lie I don't hate this like yeah I
look like a fucked up broken Nazi fuck
doll but like currently I mean oh wow
what's the point of a highlighter
because it's just making me look like I
have the flu oh my god wait is that what
gurus me when they're like oh my god
that's thickening like actually
sickening like you look at it because
it's so bitch I'm the sickest bitch on
YouTube ah I'm actually you know what
I'm not gonna lie I look good that's
like what those memes where it's like
look at yourself in the mirror I look
good walk outside and then it's just
like a picture of an elephant in a wig I
think I just thought of my guru beam no
I love
this Sakai lighter is everything I'm
going to light my face up but on a real
note there's no way she actually uses
please also this month hold on not to
get all technical but this one is the
name printed on and then this one has
like asking sticker on it what does it
say 'under it oh she's an old as ba bin
Chris witness Nick Radha these are
called sugar bear hair vitamins and
supposedly they make your hair better if
you could look witnesses on the back
stop gulping down those large smelly
pills pills are you taking and Kim
that's not a big smelly pill that's a
dick
she's like I thought it was a vitamin
he's hoping to make my hair stronger
alright let's take one of these vitamins
and see what happened okay that's good
these are really good oh I don't think I
should be eating them like candy my next
video I'd like hair growing out of my
eyes on the back of just share your
journey
hashtag sugar bear hair that's look into
your journey if your journey is this
bitch I don't want to follow you I mean
unless your journey is you popping these
vitamins while you're also trying out
your piercing gun on your friend then I
might follow up seriously the light
could I just buy this they gave me a
weapon anyways next product oh okay this
is like a really famous one this is a
teeth whitening kit if some of those
celebrities use where they like put it
in their mouth and it lights up it
basically just makes everybody look like
a damn jack-o'-lantern which by the way
with my heart has features that would be
a bad idea my faith or knee looks like a
moldy ass pumpkin oh but honestly
anybody want to go just a pumpkin
waiting to get got it okay how does this
work
open it just broke what's it literally
how does this work am i famous yes okay
what does it come what stop fuck you
bitch
is this a teeth whitening federal
hospital set that would be if I had to
lift gay to be like okay guys so this is
Shane's torture device set every kit
comes with three knives one trash bag
and a bunch of okay I actually have no
idea
these are teeth whitening gel ever good
what is this this is too much damn work
you can just go to get it or you know
what bitch brush your teeth I mean I
don't oh my god it comes with a tooth
scale to show you how sturdy your teeth
are
hold on my pet don't have okay my turf
up and dirty is one successful fucking
bad oh my god it's a mere who wouldn't
realisation hint uh yeah I was gonna
make fun of this thing but now let you
live okay wait let me see if I can
figure this out cool I did it look - all
I want to say it's so bad you know what
I want to say when your mouth is lit
I'll go to the dentist
hmm oh wait I'm scared I'm scared it's
gonna hurt and I find yet I feel like
this company would pay me not to use it
I don't understand so just doing this is
it working I don't know oh wait hold on
you got to make a mold of your teeth
with this thing Oh better you did it too
much fucking work I would rather be on
the brown end to that tooth scale and
fucking do this
oh shit do not use it you're pregnant or
nursing or if you have poor mental
health yeah my dirtiest piece and the
baby that's dead inside my body are not
wanting this sex probably before we get
to the next product
I think I want to read a passage from
pocket Ken wisdom big book is full of
inspirational quotes from our icons in
Kardashian let's see when someone asked
me what do you do under my breath I want
to say ask my fucking bank account what
I do
wow that's inspirational if you suck try
let's try another one maybe they get
better my mom and I have always had this
funny weird cute competition that's dark
can you imagine like coming home from
school and being like mom guess what I
got an a on my report card and she's
like oh you did that is cute but what if
your bank account say I don't have a
bank account mom and 12
cuz that's that's right now shut the
fuck up I'm gonna go back to chopping up
this onion with a huge butcher knife
yeah
fucked up you I just got the grossest
thought like imagine Chris watching Kim
sexy and she's like oh she can fuck you
good but acting fuck you better better
bad
I love where my eyebrows are going right
now what does that mean
I went in my mama monkey for the week
because she had a syndrome where she
missed children in the house you know
Kim was laughing her ass off like whoo
girl that monkeys gonna don't do two at
my mom all day and they Kanye's like oh
we're all watching Animal Planet in I
heard that monkeys can actually rip
people's face off oh my god I know I saw
the episode - yes fucked off
actually since we're like in the reading
moods can we please move on to Khloe's
but I have a lot of questions
I love book I love to read
no I'm sure there's writing in here
somewhere oh wait this is like a diet
book I want to talk a diet book I want
to you about your crazy ass family I
want to hear about your mom competing
with you on how many rappers dick dude
it's up who this chapter is about money
khlo money sorry it's that predict thing
cuz that's a lot how many as long as Y
the subject obeys it's about money it's
great
ah me but it's not the answer I know
people who have more money to make it
possibly spend in a lifetime in they're
not happy she's like mom anyways I
looked at right under that is a picture
of her and her family she's like I know
a few people that are very unhappy and
rich picture of my family I know I'm
sure this is very inspiring but like I'm
not looking to be inspired where she has
an ice cream recipe this could be good
to write banana bitch fuck off with your
banana ice cream
Nags oh this is one of those deities
that they're always talking about it's
called Maya T life teeth what is like
teeth warning consult your health care
provider
prior to use if you are pregnant nursing
why can't pray that people use any
Kardashian product are all these
products making it so we can't reproduce
which means that the Kardashians will be
living things on earth or is it because
his tea gives you crazy diarrhea and
they don't want you to fart your baby
out probably the latter
okay let's just assume I'm ready I ate a
lot today I am ready to blow my whole
chapter 3 my leaky butt ok so we have
this mug right here it says good morning
asshole on it but I think it's perfect
because if you drink this in the morning
good morning asshole that is going to be
a crazy wake-up call for your ass you
won't even need your iphone alarm
because your apps will be like quick and
I'll just wake you right up
ok so let me put some hot water in this
all right
let's ruin my whole wonder if that's
what Kim said before sex tape better
moms like my holes already brewing I win
a kind of competitive press ok here we
go umm I'm kidding but that will happen
later I can already feel this working
I'm getting a mental image of me sitting
on the toilet and then relaxing off like
a rocket like busting through my ceiling
with just like shit
spraying behind me like literally
passing a plane and being like hi I'm
just covering the windows of shit
getting to heaven and having Jesus be
like oh you try that live piece I don't
trust anything the Kardashians promote
and then falling back to earth but I
survived because I landed in a big
puddle of my own shit like teeth ok so
the last thing we're going to try is the
fingers are probably the most famous for
promoting and that is the waist trimmer
so this is something that you cook
around your waist and it sucks in all
your fat and it makes your diarrhea come
out faster and harder alright so I got
in extra extra extra large because I'm
I'm a big ol bitch so let's see if this
works ok so I guess I just put it around
here oh my god I'm actually gonna shit
my pants
ok alright hard work to really Chloe too
strong look better naked is this how you
spend your morning crying trying to fit
into a girdle drinking diarrhea hee hoo
ok
oh my god oh wow that's cute my favorite
part about the waist trimmer that skinny
makes me feel and what with my fat pops
the center of it like fucking cinnamon
rolls popping out of a tin can
okay I think is it backward oh okay I
think I need to lay down
oh my god the Chi ladder makes it almost
look like I'm not dying Wow I feel great
oh hold on head on if you're just happy
and sexy as me they're giving it all
these products link is in the
description now I'll see you guys is
called a week so I'm going to go pass
out the doctors are gonna have to come
and clean up my body and hopefully bring
you back to life but my body will be
covered in diarrhea took slice to you
I've been drinking also my teeth will be
see-through but my hair will be killing
it let's go that was the most strenuous
video I've ever done I feel like I'm
gonna die oh fuck we didn't even open up
Christmas book all right get a little
bit of this by the way if you want me to
do a video where I just make recipes and
try them this book give me a thumbs up
so I know I really want Krista talk
about my body oh my god the quote in
Christian Earth kitchen it's not just
food it's a legacy of love bitch
you know what her kitchen is it's her
screaming of the maze and Chloe coming
in and trying to like sneak some peanut
butter out the cupboard and Chris is
like oh my god peanut butter interesting
that you're on a diet it's fucked up oh
my god that's how the books start her
dry humping Santa Claus
I don't know I'm startled of her one of
my favorite things by entertaining and
cooking for my family's the joy I get
from setting the table bitch way show me
I want to see a picture of you doing a
dish and not fucking a dish because I'm
sure those rather doing one Chris ooh
bah who's not just fucking yourself
oh fuck is that yeah I know you trying
to make any of this but this
good when did this turn into a sponsored
video for cooking with Chris Oh
oh my god I would let Chris diarrhea on
my face as long as she let me heat this
afterward it was that oh my god my mouth
is watering that might be bt that might
be me getting diarrhea oh no she didn't
hold on let me just leave you with this
in the kitchen with Chris a collection
collection bitch go home well hopefully
you enjoyed you slowly die give it a
thumbs up please
Domino ultimate chance to shadow
generate w/o fizzling do videos every
fucking day and it's a notification
Bella saying I don't know what it does
and if you want to see other videos of
me trying girl products and wearing wigs
outfit wings do a playlist or self
description below all right you little
Kardashians I'll see you tomorrow i they
were ripping off their own flesh and
shoving you down the drain they were
ripping to their own stomachs and eating
their bodies well it got so out of hand
that the researchers killed enemies and
got rid of all and this story
never
