I know but I didn't want to see child
porn I just wanted to see like okay let
me just pretend let me pretend like I'm
a pedophile for say okay by the way just
for the record police I have nothing to
do this I didn't know this like you can
literally get arrested for so I typed in
naked baby first of all I don't
understand why anybody would be turned
on by that
but that's the first good thing you said
but hi
I wanted to play that clip in full I
mean that moment especially involved
just for context because that seems to
be missing
nowadays I cannot believe that I am
having to make this video I cannot
believe that this is happening I I'm
gonna start by saying I am NOT a fucking
pedophile i Shane yah my real name go on
record saying I am NOT a fucking
pedophile got it great
here's my statement he's everybody
saying Shane make a statement
there's my statement I'm not a fucking
pedophile it's disgusting that people
are saying I'm a fucking pedophile
because of some shitty ass fucking jokes
from six years ago on a podcast now let
me explain a little bit more um I'm not
gonna here's what I'm gonna do I'm going
to apologize first I am sorry that I
used to make really shitty fucking jokes
I am sorry that I was so fucking like
insecure and like playing this character
this guy who's like crazy and will say
anything and like tries to make people
laugh by shocking them that was my thing
that was what I did on YouTube a lot of
people now don't know that if you
started watching my videos more recently
you might not know that but back in the
day 2004 2008 to 2000
12 ish maybe 2013 that was my thing I I
thought it was so I loved the feeling of
making somebody shocked and laugh
because they couldn't believe what was
coming out my mouth I wasn't confident
enough to make smarter jokes I was
making the easy jokes
I was playing crazy stereotypical
characters I was doing shit that was
racially insensitive I was doing shit
that was homophobic I was doing shit
that could be considered fat shaming I
was doing some fucked up like comedy
stuff that I'm not proud of like hmm
I've changed so much as a person and as
a creative and a director and a writer
and stuff like the stuff that I was
saying back then those back in those
times I wouldn't ever say now ever like
cuz I don't think that's funny
listening to that clip just now I didn't
laugh I didn't think it was funny
but when you hear that clip you hear my
co-host laughing which is was my goal I
wanted to always make her shocked and
laugh that was like that was our thing
our thing was like oh I'm gonna say
something super crazy to get her to be
like oh my god Shane you can't say that
like that was our thing and if you
listen to the podcast for years you
would know that that clip started
circulating today but they cut it up
basically there's a clip right now
called Shane Dawson as a pedophile and
then it says proof first of all that's
illegal you can't say somebody's a
pedophile and say you have proof when
they're not that's there's a lot of
legal words I don't know but I think
there is a word for that defamation of
character I don't know I'm not on CSI I
don't know but it seems illegal to me to
call somebody a fucking pedophile
knowing that they are not or at least
not having actual proof so before I get
into that clip I want to start with
their other piece of proof that when I
saw it
I assumed that people would be like oh
this is a joke like oh this whole videos
a joke because one of their pieces of
proof was taking a picture of me and
Ryland my boyfriend and then a picture
of me and Lisa my axe circling their
faces and saying they look like babies
they have baby faces Shane's a pedophile
gonna let that sink in that was one of
their pieces of proof for calling me
something as disgusting as a pedophile
so of course when the clip started
circulating on Twitter they would cut
that part out because the person posting
about Twitter would be like that's crazy
let's cut that out you know what I mean
so like that's where my head's at now
let's talk about the actual clip so six
years ago ish I probably should have
looked that up I mean get an exact date
okay I don't know a long time ago I
think 2012 ish yes 2012 ish this was
from an episode of my podcast right so
in the podcast I'm telling a story about
a little girl I saw in real life who was
like how to makeup on and like the whole
shebang she was like a Dance Moms type
of vibe I don't know exactly what to
call it but that's what it was and she
was on Instagram and she was posting
like really like creepy selfies and her
dad was helping her and it was fucking
creepy and it was like weird right so of
course I take that story and I talked
about it on the podcast now of course
what they didn't also show and that
video clip is me talking about how
fucking creepy it was but then I started
making jokes about it because that's
what I did back then I would make crazy
jokes that sucked so I was saying you
know well she was sexy but then right
away I'd be like I'm just kidding of
course when they posted that they would
cut out that I'm just kidding
or for example they're saying Oh Shane
talked about googling naked babies which
by the way I never did like I was making
a joke and telling a story and lying and
like well I googled Nikki bit of course
I didn't Google fucking naked babies I'm
busy and on time to Google fucking naked
babies and that's gross and weird but I
made the joke and then of course I said
first of all I said I wasn't looking for
child porn they cut that out then I said
after that I don't know why anybody
would be turned on by babies and they
cut that out all but of course they cut
all those out added scary music Google
Image Search pictures of little girls
which is creepy by the way whoever
edited that video and made it seem like
his creepy conspiracy but not even a
conspiracy cuz they said it was a fact
that they said Shane Dawson is a
pedophile on the title so I was like I'm
I need to talk about this because I talk
about child molesters in Hollywood a lot
on my channel it's something I'm very
passionate about and I'm not gonna turn
this into like a me-too moment or like a
feel bad I'm not gonna turn this into
that because that's not what I'm trying
to do with this but you guys know I've
talked about it so much on my channel I
was molested you know this I am
passionate about it I'm passionate about
shedding light on the fact that there
are people in Hollywood that have
molested kids and have been arrested for
it and are still working in Hollywood
that's proof and that's fucked up and
that's what people should be focusing on
but instead they're focusing on a
youtuber who made a stupid joke and
calling him a pedophile like to me that
seems not only crazy but also
distracting from the real issues that
are going on right now right under our
noses but whatever so I think that's why
it hurts the most is having my name put
next to the word pedophile is actually
like the most triggering and the most
heartbreaking thing I've literally ever
seen I've been called everything I've
been on YouTube for a long time and I
think I'm rambling and I think I've
already said this but for those of you
who might be new or who might have just
started watching or something and you're
probably like oh my god Shane I just
heard this thing and I listened and you
were talking about
see girls and laughing and I I'm making
this video more for you guys because
people who have been watching me for a
long time you know like how much I've
grown and changed and how much my videos
have changed how much my humor has
changed I would never do that now
ever so I am so sorry
if that triggered you or offended you or
hurt your families it triggers me
listening to that clip I haven't
listened to that clip ever because I
recorded it then I didn't listen back so
listening to me joking about it fucks me
up and it makes me go like oh my god
like what the fuck was I doing literally
what the fuck was I doing but I look
back at a lot of my old videos and I say
what the fuck was I doing most of them
so I don't even know what else to say
I'm not a pedophile I made a lot of bad
decisions as far as joke telling story
telling trying to make people laugh with
shocking them I mean there's so many
things I've done in the past that I'm
like embarrassed of ashamed of and I've
lost so much because of it like this
isn't new this isn't a new thing for me
but if you've been around for a while
you know that I've done this before
I've apologized many times for videos
and I've genuinely meant it kind of
changed my videos because of it this is
the first time I've had to like this is
the first time I literally had to tell
people I'm not a pedophile that's a
first and that feels like fucking shit
so sorry for making offensive jokes I'm
sorry for I don't know I like I am sorry
that these are making people
uncomfortable but also it's very out of
context when you listen to the full
thing it's still like shitty and creepy
and bad jokes but it's not meeting a
pedophile this is not me this is not
proof of me being a pedophile me dating
people who have clean faces and saying
they're baby faces is crazy and like I
mean I'm sure Lisa is shook I'm sure
she's like
they said that a baby it's all too much
um so that's where I am
it's all so hard right now because I'm
in such a good place like I I've been in
such a bad place before you guys know
that and right now specifically I feel
like myself I feel like I'm being
authentic I feel like I'm being the real
me I'm with showing my boyfriend I'm I'm
showing my family more I'm showing the
real side of me I'm not making crazy
offensive jokes I'm talking to the
camera like a normal person rather than
doing that like so right now it just
sucks that this is like a thing because
I'm like this was six years ago and I'm
so proud of like especially this week
I'm so proud of the videos that went up
this week like that's another thing that
hurts is they are like contacting
Sophie's family and like kids I've
worked with family and sending them this
link and of course the families were
like this is not like come on but either
way it's like I literally found a
talented girl online brought her out had
her record a song with me made two
videos with her she got hundreds of
thousands of subscribers overnight
because of you guys but also because of
the video that I made with her and
they're flipping that on me saying I'm a
pedophile because I helped someone fuck
you whoever did that that's so fucked up
like it's just like I can't alright I
think I'm done I'm proud of what I'm
making I'm proud that I've grown up I'm
proud that I don't make crazy jokes
anymore I'm proud that I am changed my
channel to be more about good things and
cool things and helping people I'm not
just doing dumb shit or blowing up
houses or whatever the fuck like the
fact that I posted videos this week that
are about me helping a young girl in the
music industry the fact that those did
well the fact that you guys enjoyed
those is so cool and so awesome like
that doesn't like
years ago on YouTube I had to do the
craziest shit to get these crazy stuff
and now I get to just help people and
like be myself and hang out with my
friends and my family like that's just
so cool and I don't want this to fuck
that up so I don't know that's my story
and thank you guys for being on this
journey with me I know I know if you've
been here for a while
we've had this before but this is this
this is next level this is actually
really fucked up and I'm really sad that
people are actually calling me a
pedophile on Twitter like I don't I
okay I love you guys
I'm gonna go I hope you're enjoying the
videos this week I hope that you are
having a good week and hopefully I don't
know I'm gonna go back to editing more
than yes
