hey what's up the guy yes today is time
for another quickie video now I'm just
warned you today's video is dark we're
going to be talking about some of these
scariest experiments that have happened
throughout history so this video is
going to be graphic it's going to have a
lot of violence and we're going to be
talking about a lot of surgeries very
intense medical operations so that you
are sensitive said should probably click
off ok so first we're going to be
talking about something that you guys
have wanted me to talk about for a long
time and that is the Russian sleep
experiment so it happened back in the
1940s Russian researchers - five inmates
in a locked room now in this airtight
room they released the gas the gas mated
so that the prisoners would not fall now
this whole thing is being monitored by
the researchers they were watching
through two-way mirrors they were
listening to microphones they basically
wanted to see what would happen in
deprived people of and slowly but surely
these inmates study to lose their mind
after the fifth day they stopped talking
to each other they got the paranoid on
the tenth day they started screaming and
whining around the room some of them
screamed so hard that they ripped all
the vocal cords then the voices stopped
now the researchers thought that maybe
they were dead they weren't when the
researchers walked into the room all of
the inmates said we don't want to go we
want to stay here and this is where it
gets really important on the fifteenth
day they replaced that gas with fresh
air and it in
go they were whipping off their own
flesh and shoving it down the drain they
were ripping to their own stomachs and
eating their bodies well it got so out
of hand that the researchers killed
inmates and got rid of all and this
story never this is something that the
internet created it is a myth the
scariest part worse experiments of
ethics and today we're going to talking
about some of this scary ok so the first
experiment that we're going to talk
about was the Japanese unit 731 so this
happened back in World War 2 Egypt and
3,000 people died from experimentation
so these experiments happened from 1935
to 1940 it was happening in went to
largest cities in Japan and they called
the experiments epidemic prevention and
water purification and that title was
just a cover so during the war they
would find common criminals or prisoners
of war or even Chinese citizens who
admittedly just didn't like Japanese
people and they would do experiments on
them in the name of science
now this included men women and children
so here are just a few of the ways that
they tortured their victims
number one frostbite testing so the
doctors would take the victims limbs and
dip them in cold water and then expose
them to sub-zero temperatures until they
froze and then the doctor would take a
big blunt object and start hitting the
victims limbs now the experiment was to
see if the victim could feel it because
if they didn't that means that freezing
does actually numb the nervous system
but all of this was happening while the
person
Oh My so just imagine you're sitting
there if they freeze your arm and used
to beating it with a hammer oh my god is
so bad well well it got so intense that
sometimes they would have leave her
freeze a limb and then when they hit it
Glynn with shit now the next form of
experimentation it was called
vivisection now this is when they would
slice the victim open and cut out their
organs and just watch right now
basically they wanted to see how long
the body could survive without surgery
organs so they would remove the kidney
or liver or spleen and they would just
wait you see how long it took the victim
to die sometimes they would even take
out an organ and put it back in and see
if the body would accept it or reject
they even did this to limbs they would
cut off a person's leg and then reattach
the leg and see if the body rejected it
or not and rejected it but it was not
good now another thing they would do is
very dark they would rape the victims
and give them STDs just to see what the
STDs would do to the body
it was untreated that is one of the most
fucked up things I can literally ever
heard and it and there were so many
other things they did they would burn
people alive just to see how long it
took for a person to die they would
eject the victims veins with seawater
they would do so many things that they
would call experience but reality it was
just torture now this is where it gets
really after the war ended the US
government gave the doctors each choice
they would either be tried for war
crimes which is what they were doing or
they could get the US government all of
the research and findings that they got
from his experiments and they would be
let go and of course they chose to do
just that
and the saddest part the get the torture
of those 3,000 victims actually helped
us
okay so I actually be talking about
something that we have touched on before
but I've never really gotten in detail
and that is m'kay so as you guys know MK
ULTRA has been talked about in tons of
movies and TV shows stranger things is
literally based on it but here is a
quick rundown of what it so from the
1950s to the early 1970s the CIA was
doing illegal human experimentation the
goal was to figure out mind control
now the government wanted to control
that enemies so for example if they
wanted to get information out of the
enemy if they wanted to know how they
could get in their head and get that
information and the way they did that
was by experimenting on people and
trying to see if they could control and
this is not a theory
this actually happened this is a quote
from the CIA
controlling an individual to the point
where he will do our bidding against is
aka now the NGO just files have all been
destroyed there's really not much left
but here are just a few things we know
that they were trying to do what
substance can hypnotize people into
doing complex deeds or telling the
information what substance will create
selective memory loss into victims so
that the government can selectively wipe
people's memory so the government was
trying to find a way to wipe somebody's
memory or control their mind and they
wanted to do that by figuring out some
clever drug now they were trying to cook
up a form of an LSD something that you
can give a person and it would open up
their mind
now of course there was huge
side-effects and a lot of death but
doctor named Frank Olson was a
researcher and he had his drink spiked
with some form of LSD after he drank it
he walked out of a ten story building
and window and no scent all files had
been burned and destroyed there's a lot
of stuff we don't know but there have
been testimonies given by people that
say that they were researched just check
out this testimony from one of the
survivors of the end tables I'm Christy
Nicola born July 1952 rendering me 32
years of age I was a subject and
radiation as well as mind control and
drug experiments performed by man I knew
as dr. green not in this testimony she
talks about a bunch of things that
happened to her she also talks about
things she learned how to do I was
taught how to ten-blocks be secretive
use my photographic memory and a
technique to withhold information by
repeating numbers to myself dr. green
moved on wanting me to kill dolls that
look like real children she also goes on
really creepy basically he often tied me
down in a cage which was near his office
between 1972 and 1976 he and his
assistants were sometimes careless and
left the cage unlocked
whenever physically possible I snuck
into his office and found files with
reports and memos addressed the CIA and
military personnel and Christine I was
caught twice and dr. Breen ruthlessly
used electric shock drugs spun me on a
table put shots in my stomach in my back
dislocated my joints and hypnotic
techniques to make me feel crazy and
suicidal now that something is
terrifying to me what's even scarier is
once we succeeded
what if they figured out a way
people's minds whether they're using it
today good but move on okay now this
experiment really gets to me because it
involves one of my biggest fears which
is sleep paralysis and mrs. Harry
Bailey's deep sleep therapy back in 1920
there was a doctor named Harry B he was
a psychotherapist who was interested in
electric shock therapy and the study of
deep now he invented something called a
DTS now if you took this drug you would
be in a deep sleep for 39 days now the
point of this was that he said if he put
you in the deep sleep that you do
electroshock therapy to you and help you
get rid of your bad habit now the
scariest part he would sometimes use
patients who didn't consent he was
literally to people who did not want
this and forced them into these 39 days
and this was not like anesthesia it's
not like he puts you to sleep and then
you black out you wake up and you're
like what happened you are in a dream or
a nightmare for 39 days and you can't
escape and as most of you guys know in
dreamland time to be even longer so they
probably feels like being in a nightmare
for years and because your body can
still feel because you're basically in a
coma as he's electrocuting your body
with this shock therapy you're feeling
it in your nightmare and you can't move
you can't wake up you are just trapped
inside of your own now these experiments
like 285 people died a 19mm committed
suicide because after they woke up they
had been driven so crazy at the end
and ironically dr. Bailey in the 1980s
was getting investigated for these
experiments and he ended up taking his
own life by taking one of his sleep and
on his suicide note let it be known that
the Scientologists and a forces of
madness
who fucking creepy now this last
experiment happened in the 1970s and it
is really really insane and I don't
really even know where to start with it
once again if you are sensitive to
really fucked up shit please leave this
video this is dr. Levin's version in
1971 in South Africa it was decided that
gay men were not to be a part of the
armed which if they found out you were
gay and you're in the military forces
who would send you to a military
hospital called Ward or d2 and what they
did in this hospital was they would
chemically castrate they would also give
them an electric shock therapy and try
to get rid of their de tendencies and
then they did something that is they
would give some men involuntary sexual
reassignment surgery basically if they
could not cure a gay man they would
surgically take off his penis and turn
him into a now most of the men they did
this to did not want it they did not
feel like women they want
then they would send these men who now
had female parts back into society not
give them any help as far as hormone
therapy basically surgically changing
genitals take them that happened to over
eight nine hundred guys in it
and the saddest part is that a lot of
those guys were young between ages of 16
and 24 and they didn't even want to be
in the military they weren't drafted now
this happened 20 years of 1971 and 1989
but it is one of the most intense and
healthy things I think I've ever now
ironically in 2010 at the doctor who was
rechargeable had his license suspended
for making sexual advances toward a male
student and various other sexual abuse
stories involving and then he was
sentenced to five years which just
proves the point that he was doing all
of this and forcing all these gay men to
be straight cutting off their penises
and doing all of this because of his own
issues his own sexual identity he was
taking all of these guys who were
totally comfortable with themselves
probably and okay with being gay forcing
them to change and we'd like to that one
to me too awful and insane and also just
very scary and huge iterations
for later on so hopefully you enjoyed
this creepy video once again I always
say this but I did not mean to defend
anybody that might have known somebody
that was involved means if you lost a
family member or a great-grandfather of
something in one of these events I hope
this is not fattening you I am just
really interested in this kind of dark
stuff and all right you guys I'm going
to go make sure you give this video a
thumbs up for more videos and also
subscribe my channel like them below and
hit the notification battle cause I make
new videos every day and if you want to
see matters scary videos I've done a
whole time I'll put a link to a playlist
or the top inscription week thank you
guys
I'm sleeping you're not youtubers do
morning routines that are called like
real morning routines and it's still
something bougie and glamorous bitch
real hoarder pretty fucking color for me
laurdiy and although gurus have like
beautiful views of like downtown LA my
view is a tunic a non-clustered
