what I have celebrity to be done number
rose I read every Amber Rose and there
was oh my gosh it's been somebody and
genis Dickinson I heard she licked you
guys yes it is that time again well I'm
going to be giving you some life hacks
that will change your life now as you
guys know over the last few years my
life hacks have saved lives
did I say safe I'm it taken anyway
today's life hacks are very very
dangerous so like I always say don't do
it let me fuck up my body for you now
this first one once again involves our
old friend mr. power drill now I still
don't know what he does I think it's
something to do with home improvement I
know I just like to use him for eating
improvement like he took my spaghetti
game to the next level yes that's right
bitch me my noodles are coming for you
so we already have our power drill
dinner now it's time for our power drill
dessert because we got a blow pop now I
saw the attack online and my first pot
was dangerous not because the power
drill but because there's gum inside of
here
what did you swallow it idiot okay so
let's unwrap this oh my god the most
boring unboxing channel the world hey
guys got my blow pop dude laughing oh my
god it's red make sure to hit that
notifications oh oh okay here's our blow
pops by the way I love how blow pops
when you unwrap them just to think a
big-headed superhero I'd say me but well
that's me all right so let's shove him
in our power drill not sure if this is
actually going to work you know what
let's educate to this now I know you're
thinking Shane why don't you just eat
this sucker regularly and what I would
think is that is hi my name is Shane
have you never met me before I'm the
same man who's taped a Reese's Peanut
Butter Cup to my hat and ate it up my
head a good day to reach it yeah I'm not
smart alright so we have this paste up
oh my god I let's see if it works
one two three
oh it's a bird it's a plane it's a blow
pop shoved in a power drill
yeah Margo movies have really gone
downhill okay let's shut this in our
mouth specific what is my life here um
this is not working it's just cutting up
my mouth with this wrapper which is just
going to enhance my cold sores which I
do not need let me give you a close-up
so you can really see I would look
actually you just stick your tongue out
yeah bit this is actually great I might
move the tack I mean I look crazy I just
imagine me at movie theaters like eating
popcorn eating it I'm going to start
using this on like all my foods can you
imagine like me with a tool set how
Manzi with that look somebody comes in
my house and they're like damn shame the
tool set and I'm like uh yeah just
ignore the food that tastes - every
single item oh my god a donut on a
jackhammer bitch I'm going to eat an
extreme apps makeover ty pennington is
going to be like boom bah bah oh my god
nevermind just about in the entire cast
at Extreme Home Makeover covered in my
poop that show is a tearjerker
nikka ok so this was another fire hat
and this is going to be pretty fucked up
but it also involves cap we're going to
be lighting a cat on fire oh no that's
awful
alright so I have some cat food here
this is Fancy Feast and we have our
matches so basically what we're going to
do is light on fire ah so we're just
going to open up this cat's a Lewis oh
it just hit me oh my god oh my god this
meadow okay so I guess you take the
paper towel and you soak it up it's just
fucking gross
also I'm bleeding and I don't know why
okay so now we are going to take a match
and light it up oh my god
candle hack it's bath and Bodyworks it
thank you pussy sense if you buy two
things you put the candles you get it
uncle balls recruit we all have hands
too
I chose it smells like dad owed somebody
some people are buying it all right here
we go
oh god I love fighter all right if this
works
wow it's burning very the best okay all
right I haven't gotten into cat food yet
just kind of got it over okay that's a
lot of fire okay this is not working it
is just burning around the cat food
that's a lot of fun okay
Oh God okay okay okay all right it's
burning by the alcohol okay um that did
not work I have no water anywhere this
is a bad idea okay so all that did was
make me feel a little off and make my
house smell like I just cooked a cat I
was traveling again it's gonna put it
right in the middle
come on this is not working okay this is
a bullshit all right let's try again
right this is not working why would this
work why did I think the cooler I hold
on let's try this again I just want you
shove this paper towel in this cat food
and light it on fire
do it out oh my god fucking Valentine's
Day get past you know our skill Beauty
has made that all right here we go with
German head okay all right don't let me
down
yeah that's actually beautiful that a
lot wow this might be Olympics
honestly this is America footage our
pinky cat food little funnier okay come
on
burn all this is doing is making the
stinky crop smell my house already has
work it's just cooking it do it fucking
do something which is how I feel about
cats
anyways literally what do they do this
next judge all right and the foreman
water on it we're done here
kept me eating it so this next pack
involves one of my very favorite things
slime now slime has a lot of uses none
of which are eating so it's useless for
me you get an amazing you get to play
with it you got to put in a little
container and so when your friends come
over you can be like hey guys want to
play with slime and then your friends
say no we're good and then when they
leave the house they close the door make
sure you can't hear them they go okay
what's going on the change I love it
but slime that's another use besides
scaring your friends over your mental
house
supposedly you can use slime to clean
your house now first of all I don't know
what those words mean clean my house
sorry do not understand you mean pee and
cups and dump it to the sink because
you're too lazy to go to clubs back
you mean pee the poop off of the toilet
seat and make a little game of it
you mean constantly drop M&Ms and then
kick them under the bridge
if those are cleaning then automate but
supposedly you can take slime and like
clean shit up with it we're going to
give the dress right so let me make my
basic slime recipes it's sad that I'm
really good at this we're going to take
one bottle clear glue we're just going
to jump that in this bowl that sound
will never not be satisfying oh I really
do hope my grandma's farting in her
grave that's knowing her she's just
complaining
she's like I'm whole there's too many
bugs in here when dinner is already 3
p.m. well I guess the perk of being dead
is I don't have to chop your grandfather
anymore I'd rather have the bug leave me
out of him oh god I love her alright
let's pour some water in there then
we're just going to mix yourself and I'm
gonna give my slime a green color
because I feel like that's like classic
slime bubbly classic Nickelodeon slime
which by the way everybody wondered like
why Nickelodeon starts went crazy
um imagine having your boss cover you in
slime and have an audience as people
laugh at you yeah that's enough to fuck
up anybody also do you remember it out
Manisa cover the big girl in food like
as a big person myself I would watch
that as it could it'd be like why are
they only cover the big girl in mac and
cheese but I also think I want to be
that big girl ever directed to you Oh
imagine eating my way out imagine being
stuck in a container of fact and cheese
and the only way to survive is to eat
your way out bitch I just came all right
kind of adds a space lo where the fuck
Ben is oh this is going to be a good
slime this is going to be some fucking
Amanda by Danny tamborelli shit if
you've got that reference you are too
old to be watching so you are also my
age so we're going to 30 together ok so
now that you have this perfect lie why
am i so good this is why shouldn't I be
goodness I don't know
and you say hell math/science moderation
dieting self-control no I'm going to fly
oh my god and this is a good line bitch
oh my god
this is like yeah oh my God look at that
look at that listen to it got some high
quality asked to Marsh it headphone
users you're welcome
also if you close your eyes
duck also the sound is me running yep
I'm canning okay so now that we have our
line we are going to run around the
house and use it trying to clean awry
oh let's clean with slime okay
which we clean first dishes fine
can you imagine if you hired a maid and
you walked in and she was just like -
yeah alright what's next
alright let's clean the fridge yeah the
floor is not don't forget the bird don't
forget about the youtuber books we can't
have a dirty movie poster oh yeah that
looks great here shame you have a lot of
photoshop on your face let me get that
yeah no that looks more like you oh shit
honestly current mode Bruno you need to
be cleaned actually no I think that
would actually kill you so let's not do
that
but you can watch daddy clean the
washing machine okay so speaking of hats
that are for people who don't like to
clean and for people who are crazy
business be hack where you eat your
cereal in a bowl that is covered in
plastic wrap so that you don't have to
clean the bowl after now listen I have
done some weird shit
I have rushed my keys with dish so I
have pappas it and was too lazy to clean
my face so I just rub it in I have even
not wiped my ass after shitting and said
so let my underwear catch it but this
this is too far so first we're going to
take a bowl once again I don't clean so
history she has been sitting in my
dishwasher for a month and I don't know
exactly what's in her but that's
actually vomit I think I threw up in
this one I had to a boy thing knew what
these are going to take this bowl and
we're going to cover it in saran wrap
now so every wrap is something that in a
theory on only crazy people have it
because literally what's the point like
yeah is fun because you can make wacky
faces and like yes to keep food fresh
but also like just finish your food
dammit but also though the Latin faces
are fun ah
alright let's take a sheet of this and
wrap the bowl with it
when I was a kid I used to use saran
wrap as like a condom not to fuck
somebody because that wasn't happening I
just wanted to be cool so I'd like jerk
off with saran wrap on my penis
same as you thinking don't say anyways
Bulls ready so let's take our cereal now
I just went for some things that I feel
like a crazy person who would do this
hog would also eat and that's fruitless
first of all don't even get me started
on the spelling Mandel effect you are
trying to hit let's all gonna talk about
the fact that it says natural fruit
flavors bitch there if you can show me a
neon blue piece of fruit bitch I will
make you slime and ship at your house
also can we talk about how scary
Berta's why would you want to eat
breakfast with him you hear that
conversation without motherfucker
without him accidentally picking your
eyes out imagine hanging out with her
and being like oh girl I got good TR
Tony the Tiger come on and then exactly
fuck tell me what is it and then BOOM
that's unit that's like those friends
you're trying to gossip with and they're
like and you're like how about first you
get a mask because your breath smells
like a tuna can on fire how about before
you sit that to you sips and mouthwash
bitch all right here we go here would
you pour our nutritious cereal in this
crazy Percival yeah this feels like
something you would do at the end of
your life like when ships get any dark
like this is this is a lot um and now
because I don't suck milk we are going
to be using water why is this going to
be my life in tinder welcome it's a
serial with the water it's the goal
phase and slime clean my house those
words don't have a spoon so yeah
reasoning plastic fork you're not
youtubers do morning routines that are
called like real morning routines and
instill them being bougie and glamorous
bitch real horny pretty fucking come
from me Laura viy and all the gurus have
like beautiful views of like downtown LA
my view is a tuna can on fuck oh why am
I fucking icon hot here we go
morning yeah tastes like fruit loops and
water I feel like I've seen a video of
Joey Graceffa taking a bath and fruit
loops and so this is what it would taste
like except you wouldn't find like a gel
nail in it ah yeah no this is this gross
but watch how easy it is to clean you
just take the plastic wrap ready guys
and then you just pick it up throw it
away and now you have nothing left in
your bowl and you have fruit loops water
all over your lamp also my morning
routine would involve me vomiting it
sweet savory a bowl actually no that's
my night routine
now this one I can fucking it down with
this one involves a donut and it's the
ribs my morning routine part few also my
future okay here's what you do you take
the syringe and just like any good
doctor would you thoroughly chocolate
syrup
I should have been a doctor what instead
of getting a physical where I like check
your body for problems I'd be putting
you to sleep and then shoving burritos
down your throat I will be using like
nerd rope two stitches oh my god my
brain surgery would be to take your
brain out and then fill it with hot
cheetos I basically want to turn you
into the refrigerator cloud to good
horror movie or my life anyways let's
fill it up I guess we just put it in
here and sock up the chocolate Oh bitch
oh my god oh listen if heroin look like
this I'd be dead in five minutes alright
so let's take the needle and we're just
going to dick it in the doughnut oh and
pump her round I never sell Breaking Bad
that it just what it would like right
here we go I love that sound oh oh bitch
can I get my lips injected with it oh my
god okay now let's take a bite now
Pauline you can take a bite it'll
explode with chocolate all right here we
go
whoa oh my god I didn't oven Adel hold
on what else can I eat Jack right hold
on let me get a refill oh fuck okay
what's your engine Twiggy I love her I
just have Twinkies around right here we
go all this Oh totally oh there's piddly
oh my god like she got shot oh my god
all right I think I'm gonna eat her from
this wound all right here we go
I am so proud of her
I know that's incredible I'm literally
going to fill my dog with chocolate shut
up
can you imagine just taking that syringe
dick fit in his bus filling it with
chocolate and then it's a game like when
he shifted out like is a diarrhea is it
chocolate either way I'm gonna eat it I
shouldn't be allowed to have the cat
okay so the Knicks ask is for these
super lazy people so basically what this
is if you can have your computer read to
you like you can have a book or an essay
or whatever and then like have
your computer read that shit out to you
if you don't want to do yourself which
you literally could also do just by like
going to one of those like audiobook
websites that all the other youtubers
get paid to promote except for fucking
me like why would they want to sponsor
me I have a brand I mean yeah that brand
is filling things with chocolate and
lighting tested on fire but by immigrant
anyway to be too lazy for an audio bus
you can just use your laptop
okay so Weston's haven't read my life
hacks cuz I wrote them down here we go
why acts occur when the drill cat-food
on fire computer read stuff back to you
clean things with slime insert chocolate
into donut plastic wrap cereal bowl
water bottle spray on soda bottles first
of all that's everything
second of all why didn't this do any
like punctuation what a run on sentence
Queen OH maybe since I did do it here
you hold on try that again like action
on the drill Qasim's on fire oh my god
kappa really fucker it's my new
catchphrase
thanks put it on hold on but Elsa
haven't read it haven't read a chapter
of my book it gets worse alright hold on
this judges called chub-rub oh my god
Jean rub when the skin between fat
chicks x rubs together while walking
causing and mild irritation between
their legs used in a sentence yo I
thought that chicken had had some
cookies but it was some my chub-rub
urban dictionary first first of all why
the fuck did I do my audiobook bitch I
should have had back to it all the
before you guys get all mad that was an
actual definition of Chung rabbit from
urban dictionary
wait we can happen say anything hold on
this just opened up a whole new world oh
my god what'd I say
Oh Amy what's up you guys yes today I'm
going to do something really fucking
stupid and for some reason you guys
aren't going to watch it
why do I need so much why do I keep
spending hundreds of dollars on Taco
Bell why do I say a shocking let into
fucking rule to be saying that
anyways subscribe oh my god fucking your
queen of YouTube if there was a channel
that was just a math voice doing my
videos bitch subscribe
oh I love that alright that's successful
I dunno that was all my hat for today
hopefully I you didn't try any of them
and you're still alive
if you like this video more has between
your thumbs up so I know also make sure
to subscribe to my channel right down
below and it's a little notification
because I make new videos every fuckin
day and you foresee any my other life
type videos I've literally done 5000 of
them I'll put a link to a playlist are
the top description but alright guys I
will see you little suckers on a power
drill smart bye
don't subscribe to Shane subscribe to
Dan and Phil now that's quality content
also I really want to see em fuck it
same there is a whole theory that all
the most important people in the world
and the people that are controlling
everything are all secretly reptiles
people think the Queen is a reptile they
being Trump is reptile people think
Obama was a reptile but this past week
something happened with beaver that has
got a lot of people questioning
