oh my god guys we just finished a
podcast with Tyler Henry she's a medium
to the stars
he read us he talked about dead people
in our lives and talked about how I'm
gonna die that's going to be violent Oh
check it out click on slides later
friends fighting
hey was that the guy today we're going
to be doing another conspiracy video and
the one we're starting with is probably
the craziest one I've ever heard but for
some reason it just really creeps me out
and that is the newest series that
Justin Bieber is a web tile so this
isn't the first time that people have
accused Justin Bieber of being a reptile
back in 2014 Justin was in court and
people noticed that his eyes did
something weird a lot of theorists said
that it look like Justin's eyes were
turning from humans to reptile back
tissues so it talked about this theory
before Justin Bieber is not the only
person that people think is right
there is a whole theory that all of the
most important people in the world and
the people that are controlling
everything are all secretly whipped
people think the Queen is reptile they
being Trump addressed people think Obama
was a reptile but this past week
something happened with Bieber that has
got a lot of people questioned so a
website called Kurtz now put out a story
recently where they said that Justin
Bieber was seen in Australia turning
into a reptile in front of hundreds of
safe now the story has some eyewitness
account and what they said there were
girls hiding in toilets crying guys were
running for the exits jumping in taxis
to get out of there but supposedly one
of the witnesses said business how
Justin Bieber looks when he's away he
had the black stripe down the middle and
big scaly claws that last shouting now
you probably wondering why is there no
footage of this if there were kids
everywhere was bitten snapchatting
supposedly Justin had a bodyguard with
him who is screaming at everybody it's a
video take anything
would take their teeth now you probably
saw the stories blowing up over the last
week it was everywhere every website
every magazine every Twitter account
everybody was wondering what the fuck is
going on
well then the article that was
supposedly put out on personnel
disappeared and when people went to
click now says what the fuck happened to
that article deceptive I'm excited to
say that we did not publish that so now
this website has roads we've got this
article deleted it and this day that
they know about it which makes me wonder
where the fuck did this article come
from and did they host it or they named
to make it down I mean personally you I
think beaver is a reptile do I think
that there is a possibility that some of
the leaders of this world might also be
reptilians okay so next we're going to
talk about something that happened that
fucking moved my mind a TV show
predicted 9/11 six months before 9/11
even so back in March of 2001 there was
a show called the lonely good it was a
spinoff of the really popular shove the
x-files and its pilot episode involves
something very easy so the show was all
about conspiracy theories and in the
first episode one of the character finds
out that the government was planning on
sending a plane into the World Trade
Center and then blaming it on another
country so that they could start a war
literally what and this was big money
just check out this clip fucking crazy
you're saying our government plans to
commit a terrorist acts against a
domestic area go why don't you tell the
world this go to the press you think I
should be drawing breath thirty minutes
after I made that call yeah so in that
episode they're talking about what's
about to go down and might gonna make an
unscheduled not
exactly 22 minutes
corner of Liberty in Washington lament
hat
I'm going to crash the plane into the
World Trade Center then after that you
can see planes going into the Twin
Towers I don't fucking crazy but here's
the crazy part after the real 9/11
happened George Bush is nobody our
government at least and I don't think
the prior government that could envision
flying airplanes into buildings on such
a massive scale okay wait he literally
just said that nobody could have
predicted somebody flying a plane into
the world tracer yet it was before that
a television show predicted it and
millions of people saw it on it which
makes you wonder with that show based on
something we did the creators of that
show knows something that we didn't and
did George Bush know a lot more than he
pretended to know all of it it's fucking
crazy and when I thought I clip of that
show and just Perutz me up
okay so natural revealing an update on
the little Michaela story now we have
talked about this point if you need a
refresher let me break it down little
Michaela in an Instagram stock you're
the shit from the followers but all the
pictures seem to be a fake person or a
real girl that has been digitally
enhance
but we still do not know who this girl
is if she's real who's controlling her
account i direct messaged with her
hoping to get an interview you know who
the real girl is then something happened
I got an email from a girl named Abby
that was said to my business account and
she told me that she thinks she found
out who the real Michaela is so there's
an account called Michaela crew now if
you look at Michaela Cruz's picture she
has the same body type using facial
structure as a little table just look at
these photos next to pictures a little
bit too and how similar they are I mean
all of these pictures literally look
like what little Michaela would look
like if she was rude there's also a
video on his Instagram account and just
seeing her move and talk see very
similar to
Michaela would look like a cheesy no
matter what anyone says or does to me I
am I continue to be myself okay here's
another piece of evidence no Michaela
who is not following that many people on
Instagram is following her also they
both posted very similar picture on the
same day at the same time just look at
this picture that little Michaela posted
saying protect trans chin and then at
the same exact time Michaela Cruz posted
a picture saying protect trans kids and
in booked variations everybody else is
posting like the blue and pink flag ones
but these ones were like personal also
if you look at Michaela Cruz's Instagram
bio and said I want to be a real girl I
mean come on so the got me thinking is
you can include lil Michaela or is
Michaela Cruz somebody that little
mckaela wants to be but did lo Michaela
find Michaela Cruz and a fish that was
me and then created like a computer
version of birth honey not that crazy so
just when I thought we had figured out
the mystery then I kept searching and I
found something else so one of little
Mikayla's latest pictures is a purse
candy next to a user named Kayla Kayla
tape the caption on the picture says
doing cute things so then I click on
Kayla Kayla Kayla page and I saw that
she's a fashion stylist and designer so
lil Mikaela is doing cute things with a
fashion designer interesting well then I
went back farther on cama cama cama page
a year ago she posted a picture of Lil
Mikayla wearing his sunglasses and the
caption said bitch Friday lil Mikayla
wearing the best dundies ever at super
sunglasses styled by okay so this is
clearly kind of a promotional post
promoting sunglasses she's a stylist
Michaela's the model but Mikayla is a
computerized person so that really got
my brain going because I'm like wait did
this Kayla Kayla Kayla who is a fashion
designer create a computer coral to wear
her clothes because number one you don't
have to pay a computer
you just make it number two you can make
your clothes look something amazing
because it's a computer girl and number
three that model member age she'll be
just as beautiful forever as she always
is so the fashion designer can use this
model and will Michaela can go viral
which means that this girl's clothes
could go back kind of things geez I mean
I even looked at Kayla Kayla in pictures
and I noticed that she kind of looked
like MoMA cam like she does kind of look
like a real person version although
Mikaela just look at the pictures so did
this fashion designer create 3d computer
model that kind of looks like her I
don't know I'm still waiting to
interview little Mikaela oh why is so
bad I just want to know the truth I know
who she claims so fucking intrigued but
I also kind of hope I never find out
because a little bit mystery okay so
this next theory we're going to talk
about and really excited because I am
fascinated by now sure you guys have all
heard of drama just in the last year a
moment drama channels have been blowing
abundant you have drama rich luxe John
cookie and Karina kaboom
Peter mom's here for the tea basic and
hundreds of hours now these channels are
kind of like tablet they talk about
youtubers they talk about their scandals
the drama they're involved but really
quick before I get to the actual
conspiracy I'm going to give my opinion
on this because a lot of people ask me
what I think here's what I think I
believe in freedom of speech no matter
what I mean as long as you're not like
releasing people's phone numbers and
shit and as long as you're not like
actually bullying so this conspiracy
isn't about me like trying to drag the
drama channels or whatever do your thing
this conspiracy is about what might
actually be going on the time the first
let's break it down the more drama
channels talk about it youtuber the more
famous that youtuber get the second all
these channels started talking
and a mojo the more famous she got every
scandal led to more and more people
knowing that she was the more people
talked about mani and UA and change
Charles and all these youtubers the more
people knew who they were I mean you
have a channel to my talking shit
talking about the drama but in reality
it's making that youtubers wall with
drama channel rich looks at it best in
this drama channels are much needed if
you're trying to build a career keep you
relevant girl
god forbid you think you did it all on
your own girl and he's right whether you
agree or don't agree with drama channels
they are making youtubers and umbrellas
and this is been going on for a long
time way before YouTube celebrities
literally should tell paparazzi where
they work so that the paparazzi would
comment it pictures of them just look at
this quote from Lowell in the stone the
ugly truth is that some stars want to be
hunted during the great rich beard tons
of 2007 she would reportedly call
paparazzi before moving Kim Kardashian
routinely conduct paparazzi the memory
media I mean I saw this firsthand I was
at a restaurant like five years ago and
I saw the Kardashians come in and they
literally came in sat down got water
went on their phone and then walked out
of the restaurant and paparazzi snore
like they went there to probably tell
the paparazzi because as an they did
like what the fuck
so if it happened in Hollywood and at
work didn't hear the Kardashians really
fucking famous then why would you tubers
do the same thing I mean why wouldn't
these you tubers contacting trauma
we like a girl you want to make a video
about Maine for you grow like us some
tea for you if you want to expose me
because it's only going to make them
more famous I was looking into this I
fell into a hole of a whole new version
drama channel that really got my mind
racing there are all the drama channels
where the people making the videos never
show their face life literally it's just
their voice sometimes not even a
question why are they into the secret
why aren't they showing their face can
be their friends with these youtubers if
they show their face people will do a
Google search and see pictures of them
standing next to the YouTube recently or
maybe there's it darker so I wanted to
figure this out so I interviewed two of
the most popular drama channels that do
not show their face so here is my
interview with here for the T and so my
first question is why do you choose to
hide your face and not be in any of your
videos
I love the gossip scene like I love the
beauty guru pain and I didn't want this
channel to be about weak I wanted it to
be about them and I wanted people to
focus on them and facts and repeat you
know as we call it do you think if you
showed your face on camera talking about
youtubers do you think that was what you
in danger as the defeat of the drama
community is right now do I think that I
would be in danger yeah I do
and sometimes ones here hi Mary
because I like the privacy was that a
lot of people think that easier to do it
because of insecurity
and some are just online day to day
basis I place my me to place to be
separate from my life outside of YouTube
and what I do so now here is part of the
conspiracy conspiracy it is that
youtubers you know all the beauty gurus
all the youtubers that you guys talk
about are actually in on it and they
possibly give you guys information and
leaked their own story and maybe they're
talking to the drama channels because
they want to get more famous because the
more drama channels would talk about
them
or things they're going to get have you
ever had a youtuber give you information
personally I've never done that I guess
I see a motive behind it and all good
youtubers might do that because it's
called to bear one channel and both it's
like a win-win situation kind of like I
think for example the beef with Nicki
Minaj's running lost a lot of that might
have been a publicity stunt to promote
both of their songs because they both
came out of song but at the same time
right do you think there's any gossip
channels out there that do have deals
with youtubers do you think a youtuber
talked about it have you heard of any of
them no I have got a statement from
youtubers I don't feel like that
conspiracy is accurate I feel like what
it really is is the fact that some of
them are scared and I feel like they are
scared for information getting weak they
are scared about you know obviously some
of some of the dirty room gets three
four five hundred thousand beans a video
with that I feel like some of them are
scared to the point where they will
cooperate with some channels so they
want to be they want to become friends
with the drama channel because they are
afraid that if they don't the drama
channels turn on them I mean it's
definitely possible I guess what do you
think the line is do you think there's a
line and do you think that comes on with
the channels might be crossing it yeah
for sure I feel like if you're making
fun of someone's situation if you're
making fun of their disorders like for
example I've seen a lot of youtubers do
videos on Ping : and I've seen people
with depression anxiety I feel like that
when you're making fun of some of
condition that's when it becomes too far
yeah I'm curious to see where this all
goes oh yeah so there you go according
to bad luck the conspiracy that
youtubers are working with drama
channels is not real but I did learn
something that
charity and that's how dangerous they
think this when drama things get makes
you wonder how far is going to go what
if these drama channel pick on the wrong
youtuber and what if that youtubers I
guess we completely okay so this last
conspiracy theory really really
disturbed me and I could not believe it
was real so it's technically not even a
theory this is something that actually
remember that cartoon Colin Jerry
it was the cartoon about Tom the cat
Jerry was anomalous and we would
constantly fight back and forth it was
playful and funny and one of my favorite
cartoons I mean it was pretty sweet and
innocent oh and the 1956 episode of blue
cat please Tom and Jerry commit I am not
kidding this actually happened so the
episode starts with Thomas sitting on
the train tracks looking depressed and
then Jerry says poor Tom
in a few minutes it'll all be over and
for the first time Cincinnati
you'll be happy
miserable lovesick teacher after that
happened
tom has like a flashback of his entire
life all the good times all the bad
times and then the bad kind of getting
worse and then the show end with Jay Lee
being sad too and then joining him on
the tracks what literally they die like
you don't be the train hit but it is
heavily implied tomandjerry depressed
sitting on a train tracks the end now
the theory is that this was the final
episode of Tom and Jerry
now I researched a bit and some sites
say this was the phonological is
sometimes a 11 but either way what the
fuck how did we miss that how is a kid
did I not say like whoa mom you're in
here what if I was there doing but also
how not like just imagine the people
that are creating that cartoon like
weird a feeling that way were they like
getting their pain out and putting it on
Tom and Jerry I don't know it makes me
think I should go back and watch all
those cartoons that I'm watching have a
kid because who knows what kind of dumb
shit
well there you guys go we enjoyed these
conspiracy theories today now I'm not
today with a little bit different it was
more like a investigation video with a
little Michaela thing and the drama
channel thing but hopefully you enjoyed
it and if you want an interview a little
material and give me a thumbs up go
tweet her let's make it time and if you
want to do my other conspiracy theory
videos I'll put a link to a playlist or
the transcription also make sure to
subscribe to my channel by below and hit
that location though because I make new
videos to go there
I will see you tomorrow so we got asked
to stop filming again and that's fine
because now you can call this video I
got kicked out of Walmart and that's
fucking quick they go how does it feel
to get fucking kicked out of Walmart be
fuckin thrown out like trash
why so got everything I needed
