that's it the guys yes today I am NOT
sitting down in front of my camera
covered in food instead I'm walking
around covered in food I know today I
wanted to have an adventure because
number one I have not left my house for
a long time that that had the flu number
two I love Walmart number three walmart
has brand new peep oreos this is not fun
this is just my fucking life and I need
to fucking taste them are you ready I'm
so ready you don't seem that excited
about thief Oreos and you don't seem
that excited about Walmart who are you
know I love Walmart the people are
heroes and confused about 17 a picture
yes I don't know what to expect I'll let
you know what to expect me going wrong
Philip Walmart that's what you're going
to get how's the bananas well they're
great yes he's gonna eat it banana how
many male Wario's I'm very excited about
it I feel like this is an adventure
right like a lot of youtubers going like
adventures they go like rock climbing
and like skydiving and like I go to
Walmart and get food it's like we're
vlogging like you know David Oh Burt
just like spills his like pool with
macaroni and cheese and jumps out of an
airplane into it so you like I go to
Walmart and get aurilla it's like the
same thing whoa whoa venture begin this
is so exciting I can't even take it
baby are you excited oh my god I want to
be her fuck what a fucking iconic Queen
wrong on your window you're a queen and
you're an icon
you're fucking everything you're telling
it I really hope that lead her Jay you
know what I mean like I hope she goes
home and I hope she's like having a hard
day and then I was you know what I was
having a really bad fucking day and then
that creepy big weird man was screaming
at me and calling me a queen it was an
awful day oh yes we're on our way I'm
really excited I'm getting to pee for
you is what do you need to get a Walmart
ringworm cream and a yoga currently has
ringworm now listen I am okay with it I
love diseases I love spreading them I
love getting them I'm okay hold on I
haven't even been diagnosed as a
ringworm you're the person that told me
I had rings when it comes to ringworm
bitch I am mrs. worm-like I know my
children I know exactly what it looks
like I know what it smells like I don't
taste like and I gave it a lick and I
was like yep that's it oh I
had ringworm bitch I have had ringworm I
have had anthills I have had a beehive I
have had every type of disease that
looks like bugs you could imagine I have
had cockroach itch Joey me started on
that
you know ants on a log like celery with
raisins or peanut butter no not what I
had I know he's think I'll get ringworm
cream this way come on
what is ringworm and we don't act like
on some disgusting person I think I got
it from yoga cuz I go to hot yoga and
the yoga mat and somebody else probably
gave it to me yeah me I grow it ringworm
is kids good enough had so if you have a
bitchy weird rash on your body and it's
any circle and it won't go away and it
keeps going to your friends bodies
because you touch them and then it goes
on to them that is called ringworm it's
infectious and it is a skin disease but
you can clear it up with like a cream
it's not an actual worm so don't be
scared I don't know why they call it
ringworm like if it was a worm that
would be everything because it would be
like eating your flesh and like making
less of it but it doesn't do that do you
need anything else no I just understand
what these pits Oreo things are like I
don't know if it's an Oreo that's a
peeper a peep it's an Oreo you really
can't put it together wait what's a
people array or an RFP I don't know but
I want to eat both I haven't seen a
promo for what we're going to get yeah
this is the probable peep Oreo if you
want to reach out to me hook a clean up
give me a spawn fill my pool with peeps
that's a david dobrik I know basically
it is an Oreo and the sensor is like
peep flavored filling I feel like I look
at a regular Oreo butter why are you
ruining this party with your ringworm
this winter fuck me oh I'm fucking if I
just realized that looks like a big
fucking open buff already to get ah for
some no special I just want everyone to
know that this Walmart is right next to
a Krispy Kreme fucking bye see you in my
casket whoo it's time to walk in this is
my favorite part I love the toilets now
okay me with my haters okay also me with
my hater bring it on bitch
he started infirmed fucking me miss
repeat it specifically - eat your pussy
also my disease um can I just say how
surprised I am at how like not
disgusting this grocery area look why is
it nice here oh my god oh my god her
mood current mood just holding all my
boobs together if you had to pick a bra
that described to me which one would you
pick
or I have a game I'll pick the one that
I think describes me you think the way
that you think describes me and then
we'll show each other it's great okay
you ready show me the broad that
describes me oh oh that is cute as your
extra oh my god thank you babe I love it
looks just like her I'm gonna look like
I date her I got you some matching pants
oh my god that's perfect as the back is
black they won't make you sing and
there's two different oh oh no they're
two different so when you're feeling
diarrhea you wear these every day when
you feel cute you were never there maybe
just a horse up I love how much you know
Walmart have it's like they have
literally 500,000 cans of tuna and seen
my pussy in my ass are going to be
shocked
okay wait this is the candy out is this
or the paste our yellow eye boxes we
were chased up when I was a kid I was
the fattest up trying to steal my things
we can help you with guys we just got
busted for filming in Walmart and they
also told us that they are out of keep
Oreos I'm going to say this is the worst
day of my life like how can you have 800
gallons of tuna and not have people
Oreos like how can you feel something
called bullying and not people use I
don't want a little hug bitch I want two
people are you like how do you have my
wanna cereal and you don't have a peak
or your mother here looking at me like
this you wish we had people are you also
she's holding me well at least she found
her tree can we please get a kid prison
dad really want one can I sleep on the
bottom bunk I live I was called in my
life looking too real so we got asked to
stop filming again and that's fine
because now you can call this video I
got kicked out of Walmart and that's
fucking quick fake gold how does it feel
to get fucking kicked out of Walmart be
fucking thrown out like trash
why so got everything
I need you know what go off with your
ringworm cream your yoga mat and have a
party I also got snacks
I know I love Walmart no shade I guess
you're not allowed to film in there oops
but they're very nice but I'm still
pissed because at all my fucking peep
Oreos I feel like this was a waste of
time I'm mad like I'm happy that your
disease is going to clear up but like
I'm still pissed so um I guess we're
gonna have to go to Krispy to make daddy
feel better yeah we're gonna go to
Krispy wait you actually got all that
crap well I got two of the five because
I literally had these my whole childhood
so I just want one bite of each to kind
of bring it back what I'm gonna do with
the rest of the box for the morning no
that's wait so I'm gonna take them to
work there's a community table at work
we would list the weight let's do it
what are we going to Krispy Kreme
because we can't do this and Krispy
Kreme it's more the other oh my god I
hate choices this is like election all
over again but this is more important
it's dessert I'll let you guys know what
I decided in a second okay we're home
and the decision is in Maeve is cosmic
brownie banana marshmallow pie night
yeah that's my childhood your childhood
might be sadder than mine and that's
scary sit down oh okay which one are you
most excited about I'm gonna go to
neither well no these ones are are more
strange I mean I already know what these
taste like I literally have been eating
these mental life so like I don't need
to even try that yeah every time you go
to sleep I like run downstairs boom and
I run to my special snack cupboard and I
get my cosmic brownies and have a nice
that's why I'm so excited because he's
like oh that's what dad has at midnight
I know that smell I'm gonna open up
these little Debbie's banana fucking I
hate banana this is a bad idea what
don't mix your fruits and your dessert
didn't you go to help glass this looks
like a scrub daddy shark tank I'm out
you know those are everything those are
killing it you should build a house out
of them can I live in it
cuz your childhood screaming back yeah
and they're still good it's so dense and
the frosting is perfect with a little
sprinkle on top yeah it's great it
soothes all the problem I can't even
hear the yelling oh my god
the bruises are fading I've got time for
little Debbie's banana nightmare who
knows oh I know he's sad
there's no good ooh
oh you ate that know the fake banana
taste is a she's like minion perfume
don't ask why I know that the
marshmallow is old
that's like peeps gross fat nasty uncle
if peep at an uncle and it was me that's
what it would taste like you're being
rude to my self no to Little Debbie I
thought you were gonna be like you're
being too hard on yourself change your
perfect I love you you're like standing
for fucking Little Debbie Little Debbie
you don't know shit Little Debbie it
doesn't even know what snacks are
hostess she kills it didn't hostess like
got a business or as I just Twinkies why
are you coming for my brand well I'm
just accepting you don't like little
Debbie's and I'm sure she's rich I don't
care if she's rich money doesn't buy
happiness yeah but she doesn't need you
I don't care how many brand deals Debbie
get I don't care how many of you she
gets she's not happy you know it was
happy not me not me because I didn't get
my peeps Oreos and I had to use this but
you know what all in all it was a fun
adventure I'm still having fun by the
way who knows just give him a little
piece no not at the brownie just of
those that I counted bird look at him oh
my God look at him please right here you
go oh my god oh my god he's so excited
oh my god what do you think what if he
was like I don't like it I like hostess
better alright as good I was their
adventure to get p4e OHS and it didn't
didn't work but it ended with me eating
food and honestly that's all I could ask
for if you like this video and you want
more weird adventures give me a thumbs
up so I know I would love to get kicked
out of more places also make sure to
subside of my generator below and hit
the notification bell because I make new
videos every fucking day alright you
guys I will see you little peep oreos
tomorrow no I won't because people Rios
always let me down you know it doesn't
let me down hostess I will see you
little hostess next tomorrow and if
you're a fucking Little Debbie Stan who
loves her banana
marshmallow pie bitch find another
channel to watch Little Debbie is shook
goodbye guys guys it's later in the week
we found the people and it was long run
through a Walgreens bitch you're a
Walgreens we are a drunk parents here
say hi she made us a lot of Mexican food
not a lot of alcohol were very drunk
right now
how
I'm so sober oh my god saying we're
going to take one shot before we get
into the candy for you here we go by the
way guys we're old enough I'm 58 years
old here we go oh shit like the previous
oh alright we're going to try these p4
is I'm really excited okay so I stand
corrected
because there's a peep inside the Oreo
and I was trying to figure out what they
were okay mrs. P Oreos with marshmallow
peeps playfully with one freaking hand
oh please
I could be so drunk in my whole like and
I'm still killing it as a vlogging again
like a double no it's really I'm gonna
cross I can't I can't
honestly it still smells like an Oreo it
doesn't smell like a PITA this is an
Oreo it's a peep not it's deep in haze
like a pink piece you guys are lying
this does not taste like a peep I
couldn't yes it doesn't I've been around
for like 25 eserve omalo
freaking mama I just bit my tongue off
you are different than right now yeah
don't look at my song
what happened to it you say Leah said I
don't know I took my pink tongue out and
I thought about Iggy IgGs and I was like
where did he go though we watched your
house to run coke like this morning I
don't know either way loved it peep
Oreos killing it I actually don't know
if I like that I thought it was okay
okay I mean I like Oreos guys is really
exciting hopefully you enjoyed the vlog
it with you Oh dark oh my god guys we're
gonna go and a lot of fun uh see you
guys later bye
it's a one-year anniversary that was
like last Sunday but you get it what
we're currently filming it during our
one-year anniversary if we even had a
cake with the number one on well that's
thanks to errantry but
the red-bellied sorry I organic and
locked up all terminus dinners you keep
telling me everything's organic I'd like
this I'll eat it even if it's not
although I prefer ya wrong audience you
can feed me it looks you can like send
me to Hershey's chocolate factory and be
like it's not organic it's all chemical
space and I put my mouth to the nozzle
and I all right time to go okay
and you wonder wait a minute am I
supposed to be hearing any intent I
thought I was supposed to be unconscious
I thought I was just going to wake up
and the surgery's gonna be over then the
doctor takes the scalpel and it is
closer and closer to your skin and then
you feel and cut into your body and you
feel everything shut
