hey what it be guys yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
but actually today's video is not just
creepy it involves one of the most
terrifying experiences a person can ever
imagine you're going into the hospital
to get surgery now the doctor invites in
the anesthesiologist who is going to be
putting a needle in your arm and filling
you with drugs that will put you - they
tell you to start counting backwards and
as you do you slowly drift away now
they're wheeling you to the operating
room and you're completely unconscious
they take your body and they put you on
a cold steel table where different cuts
each as the doctors of preparing to do
surgery you start to hear things and you
start to hear them talking about the
surgery and you wonder wait a minute am
I supposed to be hearing any event I
thought I was supposed to be unconscious
I thought I was just going to wake up
and the surgery is going to be over then
the doctor takes the scalpel and it is
closer and closer to your skin and then
you feel him cut into your body and you
feel every inch of it
you start screaming I'm awake I'm awake
I'm not unconscious please stop cutting
into me I can't hear you scream because
it's all happening inside your your body
is paralyzed you can't move you can't
grab the nurse you can't tell anybody
that you're actually awake and that you
can feel everything and then the surgery
lasts hours it's as if you're being
tortured by a serial killer in his lair
and you are feeling everything he's
doing to you then you fall back to sleep
and you wake up in your hospital room
screaming I was awake I fell to
everything a lot of people don't believe
you now this is not just a story this is
a real thing that happens to a lot of
people this is called anesthesia or the
anesthesia awareness is when you are
conscious during the surgery and you can
feel and hear but you can't talk and you
can't move
anesthesia paralyzes your body the first
let's talk about anesthesia and what it
actually is so basically it's a cocktail
of different drugs but an
anesthesiologist who is a specialist
with anesthesia injects into your body
and it makes you unconscious it pretty
much puts you in a coma but it's only
certain amount of the drug so that you
will wake up you're not going to be in
the coma for the first thing a
physiologist will put the drugs into
your system through usually your arm or
your hand now you start to slowly lose
consciousness but you also become kind
of loopy almost like you're high or
drunk
they even strap you down to the table
just in case you kind of go crazy and
try to grab things or get up and run
around then once you are finally it
immensely helps they can start doing
surgery now if you've ever had surgery
before you notice that when you wake up
afterwards your throat kind of hurts
it's dry it feels kind of stretched out
well let me explain after they put you
under they put a breathing tube in your
mouth and it's not just a small little
tube like you would get in an oxygen bar
it is a - but this big connect it to a
huge contraption that they shove down
your throat and goes in your neck now I
have a couple video clips of this
happening and I'm warning you it is
probably the creepiest thing that you
have a absolute pain
I know literally horrifying it looks
like she's dead by the way I found this
on a channel that was just filled with
videos of people getting breathing tubes
put in their mouth I don't know why but
I watched like all of them here's
another clip of the same thing happening
to a different person this one sucks me
up even more because she actually looks
dead and her eyes are still watch
ah also I don't know if you notice this
I'll do a replay but you can see it the
person's next fill up because of that
thing they're shoving in it look at the
neck hook okay so now that we talked
about anesthesia and how it works let's
talk about what happens when it a
lawsuit in West Virginia is calling
attention to a risk of surgery that is
not often discussed patients who remain
wide awake and paralyzed while doctors
cut them open it is excruciating ly
painful if you'd imagine it's also more
common than you might think so they did
a study on this and it showed that one
in 700 people can experience synesthesia
and that's a lot like it's not just
something that is super rare that has
only happened to a few people with
history one in 700 that means in your
high school if all of you guys were to
get surgeries like four of you guys
would get it those are terrifying odds
and the fact that this is happening and
nobody's talking about it is crazy to me
now there are certain machines that can
be used to help prevent this usually
unlike brain monitoring machines but the
brain monitoring machines that are in
some hospitals are only in 17% of
hospitals that do surgery and those
machines are what are detecting your
brain function and what's going on in
there and if the anesthesiologist sees
that there's Peaks or there's something
going on they know that oh no you're
conscious let me give you more
anesthesia when they knock you out but
if they're in that machine and you can't
do that and you aren't just now this is
something that nobody talked about
really up until 2007 and the reason
people started talking about it was
there is a movie that was called a week
and then came out 2007 starring hey
and just the trailer alone gave me
fucking show what am I supposed to be
asleep everyone ready to get to started
here I can still hear you and little
little bit quite something something's
wrong I didn't even watch that movie I
died actor action movie came out a lot
of people came forward until their
stories at their anesthesia and they
were afraid to do that because a lot of
people think it's fake a lot of people
think they're being dramatic or that
they dreamt it well when you watch these
people tell their stories you know they
are not it just goes on and on
you're screaming inside your head I know
it's fucking heartbreaking I was even
more heartbreaking if any of you ever
thought about suicide the thought
entered our minds when we were there on
that table and they were cutting into us
with a pain that was beyond description
the first thought comes to your head
dear God come home now because I can't
deal with this it's all like that is a
lot to take it I should not imagine
going through that experience and how
that would fuck me up it's just well as
I was doing research for this video and
I was fortunately a lot of people talk
about their experiences I found the
story time video that fucked me up is a
you to bring in Katrina's Sherwood and
her video about her experience of
anesthesia awareness was the most
intense video I have ever watched I
cried I screamed it was a lot so after I
watched that video I have never been
more terrified and emotional than I was
when I was watching her story time video
so I thought it might be interesting if
I interviewed her about her experience
and
two more questions check it out okay
guys I'm here with Katrina and we are
going to talk about her experience with
anesthesia awareness so I don't even
know where to start
first let's kind of give a small
breakdown of what exactly happened to
you when you were getting your surgery
and that sounds basically from the point
one day introduce energy so these are
qualities that it is because last year's
and with a big event in your pathway
with biology and I remember making
voices other aesthetic catches him on
the radio under the paper telling me
they realized I was awake it though I
could tell them beeping woman teaching
by what they said what they did and then
after that I was still confident but
time and after that I started a company
for surgery sadness or killers and put
my arm again my next yeah the one on and
one down is my heart and I think that
was pretty serving causes because we put
something into your heart it doesn't
quite hold on hey wait wait wait at this
point you're supposed to be knocked out
you're not able to feel them put a
fucking tube down to your heart right
yes yeah first time I realized something
was really lost quick at this source
every don't even ever to depreciate for
you and I always can't remember I asked
for sure and with the burning sensation
my first I was really lucky I think is
that I don't remember that almost
because it was too traumatic but I do
remember you know excited because I are
knowing that something was really wrong
trying to make noise here find room then
they got this catheter inserted and they
started students in my accident
you promised I'd come up with a few
muffin tops of your adrenal glands and
your dreams own home frequency so to get
to the completely start of how sue and
this is dr. serene sir to tools century
Caesar surgery so we started because of
my abdomen but I'll make up there also
all right so the tools are hurting
you're frustrated you're not going to be
out and it includes that an apple or
anything like that make a difference but
while your flesh is burning you can sell
it which is something that I've never
even imagined something he's never seen
develop what a surgery smiling so while
you're smelling it you're also kind of
teasing it and in case you're wondering
but what no entities was barbecue in my
hair Oh services going okay under
anesthesia I've got a cumulus rope
people died from vomiting while they're
under and see this is myself your drink
before surgery so I was focusing on like
okay no father no vomit if you're gonna
die so remember be really focused on
that for a while there they in order to
get my face because they're kinda fast
your back with your stomach in your
rivers life so they look scoops and they
can move them to the sides and I become
very aware of like being this what that
does at that point because the team
looked at the painless surface it was in
the incisions and where the cool
insurgents but I love people familiar
with it but I guess your organs will
find on other things types of nerve
endings a lot of pressure you know in
their way come on oh my god basically
literally they're in your gut moving
organs around you can feel I don't know
how many people in the whole world have
ever felt what it feels like for their
organs to be moved probably not that
many when they were cutting into your
stomach
what did that feel like what did it feel
to have them
burning into you as being that I think I
might have a busier burn it really does
feel like that but it also feels like
something is being plazas their deficit
sooner all these layers of flat all the
same time and uh commencing smells it
was so startling is took away some of
the paint and when they did the
incisions and inserted the tool that was
with this bulk of the pain and then
occasionally like it to Leggett move and
the ball because would yeah were you
like screaming in your head like I'm
awake I can feel this stop please don't
and then I realized with what was
happening and that I couldn't really
make you hear me because it didn't want
the same way they're officially what
others like some funny another something
yeah I mysteries I had to yes and when
you're in a lot of human surgeries with
four hours but when you're in doing
everything feels so much longer unless
you would never and there were
definitely moments where I felt like I
was inside and this would be over and
that would be better
well no okay so after that happened you
wake up from surgery you're happy that
you're alive when does this start to
fuck you up like you get a therapy of to
deal with that you told your family and
friends how did that happen well I so
that's right especially for the next
generation it wasn't until I got home
mark when I talked to Bruce that I
started to think of the immediate really
dad and this person was afraid that
people would just another crazy because
this is so absurd and so there and it's
not something that you really like
actually happened well thank you so much
for talking to me guys you need to go to
her channel because this story time that
she did about this surgery and the
anesthesia awareness it's like 30
minutes long I was so like gripped to it
I watched the whole thing and I cried I
screamed it was so intense I will put a
link down the description please go
watch it you'll be on your main channel
or she also does DIYs and more story
time go subscribe thank you so much for
talking to me thank you for sharing this
experience and oh my god I I can't even
imagine what that was like you're like
oh yeah I know
fucking the craziest story time
literally ever fuck Larry guys go
through you enjoyed this video and
hopefully it doesn't scare you too much
- Kovach surgery and I just wanted to
say that this is not to shame doctors or
anesthesiologist it's not that at all
it's just me talking about it phenomenon
that is right so when you are going in
to get surgery please ask a lot of
questions do a lot of research make sure
that the hospital has the brain
detecting machine so that there is more
chances of you not having this happen to
you all right you guys I'm going to go
if you want more videos like this I'm
thinking about doing one but night
terrors give me a thumbs up showing them
also subscribe to my channel down below
and hit the notification valve because I
make new videos and if you want to see
all my other creepy videos I've done a
bunch of them I'll put a link to a
playlist on top of description below as
you guys stay awake bye 1 2 3
oh my god it's burning it was burning
burning I knew it oh my god
oh my god people fire
