hey what's up you guys it's me again and
spill gotcha
it's just me ha if you've been praying
yes tonight is all about pranks and oh
man how is a good one except for the
fact that neither of them wear
sunglasses and I don't know what this is
pausing for today's video is all about
pranks now listen is something that I'm
not a fan of which is why I don't wear
the coasters on April 1st anymore mainly
because when I was 12 the doctor said oh
my god you are no longer at risk for
diabetes
really ha ha ha cool it's bad anyways
today we are going to try out the price
that I've seen online that have kind of
gone viral but here's the weird thing
about these pranks they are being done
by like beauty guru guru and this is how
they're saying them hey everyone today I
want to be doing some more BFS pranks
now I don't know about you but I love
the torture might be ffs fucking bitch
oh you think she's so pretty and so cool
the only reason I didn't hang out with
epic is because she makes me look
skinnier herpes recent body looks like
it's already been praised every day by
pot but I just like to add in a couple
more fun cute one like the frames where
I take her toothpaste and I actually
fill the tube with mouth numbing cream
sandwich she goes to brush your teeth
and it numbs our entire mouth and she
starts chewing up her tongue hey PDF and
you're great you think I'm exaggerating
I'm fucking not but today we're going to
be doing all the praise I've seen all
the guru girls do and I'm going to test
them on myself and see how dangerous
they actually are and Riley's on his way
home from work so maybe I'll just test
appeal on him too ok so first we're
gonna be doing one set this is me the
top it's not dangerous except for the
fact that if somebody did to me I would
rip their fucking skull off this is the
prank where you take a box of doughnuts
and you fill it with fruits and
vegetables can you imagine like coming
home from work I know the big old Dunkin
Donuts spot in the freighting me like me
this makes everything Suzy this to me
the office today irrelevant
she stole my stapler twice and if it
at sticker Russia and then I stick with
no shut people full of bitches yes and
then if I opened up this box of donuts
and it was fucking fruits and vegetables
whoever did that to me would be pranked
by a knife okay the first thing we need
to do is take out all the donuts don't
have no idea I'm going to do with these
oh my god this is what I imagined an
orgy like just like a bungee wet hole
just waiting to be devoured
honestly this sounds better to me than
an orgy like if you put up a box of
donuts next to like six wet willing hold
I would go with a number like that's a
wick you must work this is just enough
okay let's take all these doughnuts oh
my god I mean I guess it's good just a
little huh I think I just understood
Dunkin Donuts like I know they say
America runs on Dunkin no they don't
because they don't run but America can
briskly walk until they start coughing
because they're out of breath and out of
shape but it's okay cuz they just got to
the jumpin donut and they can just grab
themselves with chocolate milk to
rehydrate and a donut - were nourished
and then they slowly walk back home and
delete the flow that way when you prank
God when you say thank you God that you
made the universe and you wanted us all
to be successful but uh nah okay so now
that we have the empty box we're going
to fill it with oh my god fucking
broccoli big fucking carrot and apple
and a banana this brings to be called
how to make me kill you because if you
do this to me bitch you don't need to
hit that notification bell anymore honey
you're not going to see my videos in
hell
alright so let's close this up and put
it on the counter and when Riley will
come from I'm going to surprise him at
the nice big awful treat but knowing his
healthy ask you to be like yeah country
oh I was nervous there be delicious
doughnuts in there I'm so Leonard okay
so this next phrase also involves donut
but it also involves baby powder
you're going to need a new CSS so
basically what you do is you take a
normal donut and then you cover it baby
powder and give to your friends and
10 like this powdered sugar and then
your friend needs you to call poison
control for inhaling fucking baby powder
literally does not for internal you
there is also a picture of a baby with
the big X over his head like I don't
know what that means
I mean I hope it means that baby's
either way it's not looking good for
your BFF oh my god I haven't smelled a
pattern so long I mean so many men they
all involve chub-rub oh my god I
remember Oh God make it up god I used to
love like when I had so much big powder
on my chafing side and I would sit down
in class and it would be like whoo that
was a long walk oh oh sorry guys I just
the scared
real quick I just need to fix this
because of the RV ok so we have our
donut you have our baby header 2 times
make this into a powdered donut chance
to pour this over oh my god no why is it
right like yeah of course it looks
really fucking powder but it really does
like that looks like a fucking powdered
donut that's gonna kill someone
Oh Rylan get home oh he's home ok I kill
him all right guess what I got you what
some donuts
after a long day at work yum don't a
little bun don't they look good what you
got Freddie right what do you mean yes
it is it's a prank if you thought it was
donuts and its vegetables its disgusting
okay are you fucking kidding me right
now along the guards actually we're fine
oh my god I fucking hate you but don't
worry because I have a real doughnut
right in here give it a bite ok me kiss
me spitting out all the veggies for the
doughnuts
ok mmm take a bite
is it good babies are know what he's
here it's sugar the sugar doughnut I got
it from Duncan's America runs on it you
didn't follow that right
okay good why was it I mean they might
be toxic I don't really know okay me
when I'm so sir me when I'm on Twitter
and I'm thirsty for drama what was that
for real I know it was just like
watching detergent for the wall so this
next ring is for your BFF who has bad
breath
those better skin turgor like dawn or a
min you're gonna clog up her intestines
with something she can't digest and
slowly kill her from the inside out
that's right we're making go out of
play-doh okay so the prank is you take
like a normal package of gum which by
the way like I'm about Dom in a hot
minute if you'd ever met me in person
just leave but I didn't know the gun
came in this new weird container like I
wasn't aware it was 20 27 and we were
living in this future where your gum
container can like winced and the
apocalypse was honestly any kind of gun
for this breath needs - all right let's
do this print we're going to take a
stick of gum we're going to open up the
foil throw out the gum we don't need
that so that we're just going to take
the plate oh I got a mint blue color and
we're going to form it into a gum shape
and cover it up with soil so by the way
all of these pranks are taking on the
foot way too much effort you know how
easy it is to just call up your friend
and tell her her mom died that just
takes one summer cottage I mean this is
taking five minutes and it cost me like
$30 the price of a fake family dentistry
all right so we are just squishing this
down folding it into a square and
wrapping it back up okay so now I'm just
going to try it myself and see if I
survived oh my god thank you Susie how
did you know I needed gum don't answer
that
okay City Oh
oh my god hahaha kind of good with oh oh
okay I don't know how to explain the
taste of play-doh
it is so salty it's insane like it
literally tastes like like if you were
to run a marathon by the way that's very
hypothetical nobody that watches my
videos would do that but if you were to
do it and then you took a soy health
back and don't use french fries to dry
off and then you took a lick of yourself
that is what it would taste like
honestly I want to do that that's not a
good video idea except in the marathon
part but the french fries soy sauce
about this is omnia i know that was
disgusting that was crazy if my friends
gave me that instead of this gum i would
make them lick my baby powder pepper
dies okay this next one I am NOT gonna
do this is where you take a Windex
bottle and empty it and then fill it
with Powerade and then drink it in front
of your friends to scare them now I
don't know what reality this is where
like it's funny to like drink Windex and
frontier friends actually cry for help
like if my friend was like anyways I was
telling Timmy I hated to back off mean
hold on a dirty um anyways this better
5150 and also how would a funny prank
like if my friend was trying to like
drink bleach in front of me I wouldn't
be like lol I mean I'd be like let me
join okay I'd be like let me grab my
crazy straw let's enjoy in this mark no
that's stupid I'm not going to do it
because I feel like no matter how much
you clean this out you still should
never drink out of it that's right so
this one is when you empty out a
deodorant container and fill it with
cream cheese now this was actually kind
of harmless I mean except the fact that
this would like to make your friend late
for work
and then they lose their job and then
they need a place to live and then
I sleep on your couch and yeah we
reserve that couch for any time that
house is not for me and my friends for
me and friends back house is for me a CD
jam person Rachel and not you this is
just empty this out love this move you I
don't wear it but I love this now I just
recently stopped wearing deodorant for
no reason I just literally ran out then
I just didn't get it but then what
people ask me I'm like news news cuz I'm
green yeah you guys like the environment
and use something about tentacles and
organic and now it's I'm lazy that's
what it is okay so this is empty now we
are going to take the cream cheese I
love the fact that it comes in a square
let's open this up so then I guess you
just wish it into the consumer oh okay
that going to work
look oh my god okay so I have shaped it
into what looks like children and now
we're going to try and use it and see
how it feels
I'm not going to lie to you excuse it
let's do it all right so let's just
showcase wow I just lost all of you with
my BFF because this is gross my arms it
is you know what sweetie arm hit
never mind lock it back up all right
here we go let's just oh it will it
feels like a dog with the biggest tongue
licking my fucking armpit no no feels
like a fucking elephant licking on my
armpit oh I hate it oh my god that's a
fucking look you know what I think this
is like a recipe like you know it
doesn't give her like how he saw like
organic and shit probably does like use
this as deodorant which smell like a big
fucking cheesecake but nobody's going to
say anything to be Justin still be like
if I smell like a fake tea cake
well nobody would say anything some
change they'd be like oh the factory odd
no this feels fucking weird I don't like
this no good not asked to smell this you
know a team is it weird that that tastes
like my armpit but like cream cheese is
actually not far off from the taste that
my body exudes my bellybutton cream
don't act like you don't have that
literally taste like this so belly by
the Phoenix I met Frank once again this
one I am NOT going to do this is where
you pick somebody's bottle a pill
and replace it with tic-tac yeah that's
going to be real funny at the hospital
when your friend has a seizure and
you're like lol I replace your seizure
pills with a tag were you shook that's
the wrong choice that works for that
whatever all I'm saying is that's a bad
idea you're a bad friend
so why don't I buy that white one you're
havin if I what about the orange ones
out is a whole box of Tic Tac alright
next real work now this one seems
dangerous seems mainly because it
involves electronics but that's where
you take a hair dryer and then you fill
it with flour and then the person turns
it on and it blows flour in their face
now this home features me because I feel
like the flour would cook in here and
then it would burn and then it would
explode and your poor friend who has
already eaten baby powder not problem
repealed wallowed Windex and eight
fucking play-doh is now holding a
burning blow-dryer is on fire you are
not a good friend
I select plug this in and we'll fill her
up with flour normally don't do this
dump it in this is not gonna go well
okay oh my god
yeah that's not obvious hey Kelly here's
your blow dryer Shane did you eat
powdered Donuts around my blow dryer
again yes enjoy all right here we go
here's a quick - oh God one two three oh
my god you look scared again
one two three oh my god it's burning
it's burning it's burning I knew it
oh my god oh my god it's on fire one my
whoo wow this is the art CSI ever look
if I was one of those youtubers that is
like poetry videos this would be my look
I love him that's actually on fire oh my
god what do you think like native cake
when the prank video turns into life hat
no that's bad I feel sick uncovered it
shit
I ate play-doh I don't want to be
friends with me anymore but I so
hopefully you enjoyed this video
and let me know if you want me to do
more pray on myself
whoo that's that what if I started a
praise channel and I'm just pranking
myself that would be very very sad
anyways if you guys enjoyed this video
and fun word prank give me a thumbs up
so I know almost beside my channel right
down below and hit that notification
bell cause I make new videos every
single day if you want to see my other
weird videos where I'm like life hacks
and beauty DIYs I'll put a link to a
playlist on top description below as
well pranksters I'll see you guys hi
so in the last 10 years social media has
taken over and it's done a lot of good I
mean it's connected people it's made it
so you could keep up with somebody with
the high school with it's made it so you
could find people and do the same things
as you and become friends with them but
there's also a darker side
