her dating profile it isn't what you
think which would be like I'm confident
I'm happy I'm funny it's I can eat an
entire family size bag of Ranch Doritos
in a sitting and I'm not ashamed of it
that's her putting her foot down and
being like I don't want to get maybe
that's it I'm putting this well if you
win tonight you're being funny in the
fence nobody wants it funny you know
nobody wants that no no when I don't
want that
heywood happy guys yes today we're going
to be doing another creepy video and in
today's video we're going to be talking
about death that has been caused by
social media so in the last 10 years
social media has taken over and it's
done a lot of good I mean it's connected
people it's made it so you could keep up
with somebody with a high school list
it's made it so you could find people
into the same things as you and become
friends with them but there's also a
darker side and a study that was
conducted at Carnegie Mellon University
last year at least 127 people have been
killed taking selfies since 2014 and
that's not the only way that people have
died because of social media I mean
there has been online beef that led to
murder and there has been people trying
to do crazy wacky things on Instagram
that have led to their death and today
we're going to be talking about a few of
the most intense
I'm warning some of these graphic but a
lot of these are cautionary tales as to
how you can avoid death by socially
okay so first we're we talking about the
death doesn't caused by something called
hashtag roof topic so roof topping is a
trend that started in Russia and it sent
spread worldwide it's where people find
a legal way to e to the top of very tall
buildings and take a risky photo there
usually hanging out the building with
one hand balancing on a beam or even
doing some kind of aerobic trip at the
edge of it well in 2015 of
seventeen-year-old boiling and Dre which
we'll see
I from work shopping so when people are
doing these roof topping pictures
they're not wearing a safety role they
don't have a harness on the point is
that they are risking their lives for
the picture but for Androids picture he
wanted it to look like he was climbing
the wall with the rope tied around him
and then he fell so he wanted the rope
to be around him and it would be like
hanging or dangling and it would look
like he was falling and then he actually
and raised free fell 90 feet to it now
that is awful and heartbreaking and also
a lesson to some people that maybe it's
not worth it just to get it finished now
here's the creepiest part of this whole
thing his Instagram account is still
live today and the last picture that he
posted was a picture of the Rope that he
was going to use it is a rappelling
mixture I wanted very very stuff okay
now this next story is very intense and
it involves murder
so back in 2009 there was a 20 year old
boy who lived in purging his full name
was Richard all in Samuels mccroskey
that sir but he liked to go by his rap
name which was psycho Sam now the type
of music that psycho Sam did was called
Oracle so horrorcore is basically
hip-hop but the lyrics are similar to
death metal so he would be rapping song
about killing people and very very
graphic detail here is just the clip of
one of his songs which is talking about
murdering people and doing things - now
I gotta get rid of the body
for the porn is a rowdy yeah terrifying
that these were not just lyrics in rap
songs these were things that he wanted
to
should we do in 2009 he posted a song on
his MySpace page about murdering people
and when variant and then right after
that he went to his girlfriend's house
murdered her her mother and their friend
he killed them all with a hammer at 3:00
in the morning
we'll the creepiest part he stayed there
after he killed them he stayed in the
house with their body well then a few
days later his girlfriend's father
showed up and he attacked and killed him
psycho Sam left the house and went right
to the airport because he wanted to
leave the state but the police found him
and arrested him there now myspace
removed all his songs because they were
too disturbing and now evident but some
of his songs are still out there
floating around and when you listen to
them they are so to me that whole
situation just shows that if you see
something on social media somebody
talking about murdering someone or if
you see something that doesn't feel like
a joke like it feels like it's too real
when somebody's talking about what they
want to do to a person you should
definitely report it because it might
not judge and it might not just be
response it might be plot to kill ok so
this next step involves the song as well
not a rap song actually a happy song
this is a death that was caused by
posting on Facebook while they were
driving so back in 2014 in North
Carolina a woman had a head-on collision
with a dump truck her tiny car was
completely smashed the driver was 32
years old and her name was Courtney and
Stanford and she died now the police
looked into this crash because they
wanted to know how it happened and they
went to her Facebook and they saw that
she had just toast at 8:33 a.m. she
posted the happy song that makes me so
happy and then at 8:34 a.m. she got the
police also took her phone and looked at
and found that she had been taking a
selfie as well now this is something
that a lot of us are guilty of I mean I
still do with all the other red lights
I'll check my text messages or snapchat
sometimes all we can do it while I'm
actually driving enough it's a feeling
we have that we're invincible but it's
not going to happen to us well it's just
cruise that doesn't list it forward I am
going to try to always happen to calm
down when I'm driving and you guys
please call me on it if I am
snapchatting or Instagram scoring or
doing anything while I'm driving home
because it could save my life okay so
this next story is very sad because it's
just about a few girls we're trying to
get a picture in front of a cool
mountain and they had no idea how
dangerous that one rachel louise de john
was 21 years old when her and a few her
friends went to visit the white cotton
river they found a huge rock in the
middle of what seemed like a shallow
river that they climbed to the top of it
once they were on the top of the rock
they took out their selfie sticks
because they thought that that would be
a beautiful picture and then something
awful they had no idea that four times a
day
floodgates are open from a water plant
upstream called the mercury energy the
Waikato River is not just a river it's
also at data so as the water started
rushing in the level started to rise and
the water was coming so fast that they
started to get washed away now a man saw
this happening so he got a rope and try
to help the girl she threw at the man
they all grabbed on to it one of them
Rachel was washed it away and her body
was found in the river later then now
supposedly before the dams opened and
all the water came rushing in there was
a siren and that goes for about five
minutes before they left water but they
were tourists he didn't know what it was
they didn't assume that that siren was
for the river that they were
an affirmation the floodgate the reality
a hundred a margin people time today it
takes just minutes for the narrow Gorge
to fill with Beijing rented Sun belong
the walking transferable to home warned
of it's dangerous so this last step
we're going to talk about involves
snapchat and there is a video I'm going
to show it's not too graphic but
definitely a very very theory because it
is the moment before the person so
earlier this year a seventeen year old
boy named Jonathan Chou was hanging out
in a shopping mall with his friend Ruth
they were just bored and walking around
and they thought who wouldn't would do
something fun and dumb for snapchat so
they came up with an idea they were on
the fourth floor of the mall and they
were the glass raylene except well on
the other side of the railing there was
what looked to be concrete well Jonathan
thought it might be fun it group
snapchatted him all he jumped over the
railing because you have to do that and
you know jumped onto the concrete just
something kind of silly and dumb he
looked at Rukh and said help me take a
snapchat video and I'll jump and those
were his last when he jumped on to what
he thought was concrete he fell right
through it and fell four stories to it
now they thought this was a concrete
floor and it wasn't it was actually very
Bend and it was just for decoration now
this whole situation was captured on the
security camera decimal and I have to
click play
you
I know talking very eerie to see like
even though you don't really see it
happening okay
now I think what we can take out of this
as a lesson if you see somebody or one
of your friends is trying to impress
somebody by doing you know it's done to
something that could potentially be
dangerous
please stop them from doing it tell them
it's not what to think about this
situation because Ruth the girl that was
with him told the police we both thought
the ledgers made of concrete but when he
jumped he fell right through I knew it
was dangerous before I could stop him
yet already jumped him I swear I wanted
to jump over to but I knew it was too
late I wanted Larry guys go those are
few deaths that occurred because of
social media and hopefully we're
learning some lessons today
if you see something sketchy or
something that looks like a threat
always reported don't text and drive
don't post facebook pictures and drive
don't do anything too risky for a
picture it is not worth it any general
just keep your eyes and ears out don't
always just be scaring a group all right
you guys before I go I just once again I
want to say I mean no disrespect to any
of the people where the family members
of the people that we talked about I'm
just fascinated by this kind of stuff
and I hope it is not offensive to any of
you all right you guys if you want more
dark videos like this please give me a
thumbs up join them and make sure to
subscribe to my channel I down below and
it's a notification bell because I make
new videos every day
all right you guys this ain't high high
second-class menu boiled hominy knew and
had a girl group that's rivaling
disharmony all y'all fag you guys just
watch out for boiled home and it is we
all look like a
