Gotti's oh my god we just finished
podcast with Manny anyway hi guys no
idea what looks fun it was everything we
talked about shitting on each other we
talked about sex we talked about
threesomes we talked about Grindr we
talked about tinder how lit we are for
clean we talked about being turd Queens
go check it out SoundCloud accomplished
a new friend you are not going to miss
it
it was amazing how do you feel I feel
great I feel like I just ran a marathon
like it has to be wait guys yes today I
finally get to live out my Titanic
fantasies that I've wanted to do a
Titanic themed video for a long time I
just couldn't really figure out what to
do have sex in a car
no nobody wants to see that and I don't
have a car big enough I would need like
a dump truck lay on a door in the middle
of the ocean while my significant other
freezes to death and water I mean at
least if I did it there would be no like
brick Jack put a big - rumored it would
have been like how did he spit up on
that door I just thought about filling
my school with big ice cubes and then
crashing my boat sized body into it but
then I got that so that left me here
today I am going to be trying food that
they actually ate on the Titanic now I
look up the menus and these are real I
have them all right here I got the first
class menu second class answer class
because I want to see how like everybody
ate on the hygiene
Oh side note when I was in the theater
with my mom watching Titanic when I was
a kid I remember the moment where all
the third-class people were dying
because the first class people got to
vote and then there was like a mom and
his son and they were in the third class
and they were like well yes we're going
to die I remember my mom turning to me
going bitch if that's not the most dark
me of all times
anyways let's see okay so we're going to
start with breakfast now let's look at
the menus I will put them up here for
you guys to see okay first we put is the
first class menu
both only bear a mirror hockey Leakey's
that sounds like a problem fillets of
grill I want to keep it real I don't
know what ended shitty I googled some of
it couldn't find it the only thing I
could translate was egg Allah Arjun turn
I guess that means scrambled eggs and
asparagus on this way of Braille I think
it's fish so here is our beautiful first
class breakfast thanks to music now
hello mr. Dawson you are now served mmm
doesn't that look tasty Oh Varys the
fishes pussy but it's very nice classy
pussy for you mr. first-class Oh No oh
there's bones in it oh why their bones
in a book week oh my god
nice are their bone in pussy what an
interesting breakfast table
conversations with me and my first-class
friend Frank
quick question mate do you think that is
bone in your wife pussy ooh interesting
question shape hmm I'm going to say yes
because that would explain all the
crunching that's fucking gross
let's see I know it looks fucking
disgusting I don't know why anybody
would eat this if they were rich this
looks like some straight-up like I was
going to say homeless shelter food but I
don't even want to drag the shelter
because the shelters biscuits are
telling it this is like from the end of
the world
all we have left is shitting tan and a
fish that's really chicken but we're
gonna call it a fish Oh Oh my guys talk
whoo I love when you can puppet your
shoes all right let's try to break it ah
my wife spliff you got that ah
all right let's do this
I need to live my fantasy dream now let
me grab my pots before let's do this
right we're gonna try the eggs
interesting how they're yellow on top
and brown on the bottom kind of like a
peep who diarrhea herself she was just
so excited about you sir all right let's
get a little a very good on there and I
think we should try to get some fish in
there do okay here we go
welcome to the ship of Dreams
whoo hooting garbled aircraft tonight
Cross first class of fancy pervy live
first class up in the sky eatin stitch
as and Exantus dr g and a and a are a SS
yeah I don't like Lee my tongues make me
spell I know this is gross I don't want
it I would rather choke on that old lady
from the Titanic ass oh my god the part
of the ocean I'm gonna do a Titanic
Garrity all about Bart never let go Jack
now but let go oh okay get out of the
water get get out of water I second
class menu boiled hominy me when I have
girl group that's right elated harmony
all y'all big you guys just watch out
for boiled harmonies we all look like
eggs your mouth bloated that's boiled
harmonies knew it grilled ox kidney is
girl what this is second class not the
fucking came time why are we eating
every piece of the animal on the Titanic
soda stone that sounds like a hat okay
I'm not we don't have any of these I
don't have any of these here I could not
find any the only bloater I could find
with me so we're going to move on it's
their class so for third class breakfast
we have oatmeal porridge and milk and
fresh bread and butter I could do that
okay here we go
welcome to the ship of Dreams honestly
you don't want to first of all to me and
to kuzey this actually kind of looks
better than the first lab record I mean
it's this look like a pimple and you
know how much I notice it actually kind
of looks like a pimple that just got pop
oh and it's just that favorite part
where all the good she's still like
around it and you get it like clean it
off with your fingers and then eat it
when I was a kid I want to be a
dermatologists trash can when I grew up
let's give this third-class meals wrong
alright let's take a little bit of this
oatmeal and you know what let's put it
on top of the bread because I'm being
seen all right here's the sleeping in
buzz I'm all stressed bread I can't wait
to die with my mom's
this is how I assumed kid prison take
like you know peers who like get
arrested for doing stupid things like
snapping their parent and then they go
to kid jail I imagine this to be the
menu I can just imagine the catch me
outside girl being like oh yeah and then
the guards like no no you're going to
eat it and I'm going to catch you on the
toilet you're gonna make that toilet
just like you made dr. Phil that toilet
was nothing before you got on it now
that toilet is look makes it okay so now
we're moving on to lunch and I literally
could not find 2nd and 3rd left lunch
because I don't think they got it but I
think second third bus just got
breakfast and dinner and the people with
Technic we're like mmm no poor people
only two wheels so all we have here is
the first class lunch which is galantine
of chicken smoked sardines and an apple
pastry so I googled what Galentine of
chicken meant and basically it's just
like chicken stuffed with prophet jizz
so I decided to make it myself
so here we go it music your lunch is so
hmm
ok so over here so we have chicken that
I put sausage in and kind of ate a taco
out of it Taco Bell better write this
down then over here we have a beautiful
paste Reese's with apples I don't know
what's the fuck that red thing is yeah I
don't know so but you know what this
look just like my wife's cooking yes it
does
Oh uncanny and then over here we have a
box of sardines because I was too scared
to open it ok
I don't want it well I'm gonna make it
fast
let's take a bite of this chicken
sausage taco all right here we go
honestly this actually does not like
that I mean the problem is it's old like
this food has been sitting here only I
was going to film this video last night
and it fell asleep and I woke up so this
food is definitely I'm not fucking good
not fresh but even if it was French I
I can't imagine that being really that
great but let's try this hacking Apple
situation I don't care how old this is
but you can put a doughnut in my car and
leave it there for three months
and I would still shut that shit down my
throat like was agree to do all right
lipstick by oh all right I don't want to
die give me a life oh oh so good I wrote
the rest it is on your book now let's
move on to the main course this is these
sardines that I can I feel like I've
definitely done this in a video before
but I think my memory blocked it out
cause it was so terrifying gross we
renewed again all right let's see one
two three ah oh my god okay all right
oh my god hold on hold on yeah oh my god
you home fuck oh my god why would
anybody eat it I'm afraid to touch it
okay we're gonna touch it probably not
oh my god oh my god oh my god it ended
well is it enough I love these guys oh
my god okay okay
that this is a little fish body those
are dead they're dead in there in a can
and I just I I can't no oh my god do you
know what that smells like my butt we
get it I can't I sorry I'm not gonna eat
that I'm not gonna eat that
oh my god when I was in middle school
and all the other cool kids reading the
whole haze no my fingers I should have
just dip my fingers in the sardine cans
that would give me so much full point
and then I would've been like oh yeah
now my things and they would have been
like oh oh what oh I think she's sick no
no no she was really hot Oh what she
dead oh yeah Nexxus
okay this is the grand finale we have
our dinner menu now the first class we
have a ten-course meal ten who the fuck
needs ten I mean were they trying to
load up all the passengers so they
slowed the water because honestly that's
a good idea
no this is ten fucking horses we have
boy stur we have Olga with the person
they're eating people in first classes
that's how rich they are we expanded we
have limited land a bunch of shit I
can't pronounce and then the only thing
I can pronounce and or want chocolate
eclair so since this is my Titanic
experience and my first-class experience
Bethenny the dinner is served my God
will accept it woman it'll stop like
half a plate of this and it's my pop
suggestion
I know these are a bunch of mini eclairs
I looked around at my town for like big
eclairs I couldn't find them for some
reasons but then I found this I mean who
wouldn't want to eat 70 tiny little
notice oh my god it kind of looks like
all the passengers huddled together on
that lifeboat trying not to die except
they're all frozen and dead and these
are hot delicious let's take a bite of
these up I love the rich left oh my god
oh I'm going for that they fill the
cream is chewy chocolate box
oh never let go bitch don't worry I
won't do we take more than a little boat
accident to tear me away from my
éclairs as the boat was thinking I'd be
like oh yeah they'll be out in a minute
oh no these are bomb love this love my
wrist life now let's talk about the
second class dinner
we have consuming no base having ice
cream okay I know the only things that I
kind of understood on this menu were
curry chicken and cranberry sauce which
is just what I got all aboard
I know this is curry chicken salad and
just you know just Jarrah spot and she's
coming for me and I don't appreciate
that
oh my God look oh my god me what I'm
sliding around the boat but we know me
holding my Eclair sliding around the
boat you know the end of the movie the
viola
guys like slowly sliding off the boat
but it's still playing because it is
passion yeah though that's me am i clear
alright so let's give this a try oh
let's get some cranberry sauce on it
maybe the hotel's full look alright here
we go okay that carrot needs to like oh
this is not going well I'm Greta Dutch
it's all food I made but that's what I
don't cook I know this is awful I hate
this I know I'll just stick to my little
fucking dumbest because I do not want to
eat this I'll just jump into the cold
water and die
alright times a third class dinner is
mmm right soup fresh bread corn and
boiled potatoes which is another group
coming for oiled hominy and they need to
back the fuck off all right here we go
this is our final meal literally this is
boiled potatoes right soup and corn my
will okay all right here we go first of
all what the fuck is a boiled potato I
just need to get a closer look at that
where does that potato come from how was
that potato so small
mr. Potato Head tell me is pain busy cuz
I feel kind of ugly and I still feel
pain okay let's take a buy it that's
good guys so good that seems like ice
cream a date with potato ice cream oh
the poor people on the Titanic we're
eating to this right let's get some of
this rice soup and some corn happy
travelling that's good - it's all good
this is why the four people were so
happy on this organic they were always
playing like soccer and hanging out
fucking in cars it's because they were
happy they were eating this
no wonder the rich people mad you were
given us this pussy odd no I love this
is great I'm going to continue to eat
like a third-class Titanic yes for the
rest of my life president and this
an experience like freeze to death
should I die alone old in my bed should
I just throw my necklace into the water
at the end now that all sounds like too
much work on stage more clear well
hopefully is really real and hopefully
you enjoy mica tannic experience it
really is my favorite movie of all time
and this is really fun so well I got it
because it is this thing a thumbs up if
you want me to do more food videos based
on my favorite movies
my other favorite movie scream I don't
really know how I think or parade
exclude into that I mean I guess I could
just be like the fat camera guy and like
eat less Cheetos and I get my mix lit
yeah
that sounds fucking great also make sure
to subscribe down below and hit the
notification though because I make new
videos
hey everybody babe I just wanna feel my
other eating videos I've done one where
I tried serial killers favorite foods
I tried food you'd eat in prison I've
done a lot of crazy ones I'll put a link
to a playlist for this houses
description boiling right you guys I
will see you little first class members
tomorrow hi
so I've been obsessed with cold for
pretty much my whole life and we talked
about them a lot before I mean we talked
about heavy duty which was a cold
tornado killed himself because they
thought that would get them to another
planet
I ended a video where I was eating food
that you would eat if you were in it
cult well today we're going to be
talking about three of the scariest most
deadly coats of all time
