it was a guy my name is Esther you
welcome back to you what the fuck five
children are just the word and I'm
allowed to say that because I was once a
shitty child myself one time I took a
shit in a bathtub and I tried to Waffle
stomp it down the drink one time I lit
my bathroom on fire my mom had to put it
out when she got third-degree burn I
coached the kid at a birthday party to
drink a whole bottle of dish soap and he
had to go to the hospital yeah I was
seriously the worst kind of shitty as a
child as I was it probably could have
been a lot worse
but being kids who actually murdered
people and not accidentally so from
killing people to appease Slenderman to
a ten-year-old kid abducting kids from a
mall just to kill them right let's my
fly which I've done five reasons to
never fucking reproduce or five children
who murder people help so before we get
into those I just want to say that there
is going to be some graphic details in
this so if that kind of stuff fathers
view you can watch so without further
ado let's get into
so number one marybelle so the details
of marybelle killings are creepy enough
to think that a career serial killer
committed them but in reality they were
committed when Mary was only 11 years
old
it began in May of 1968 when she
strangled her four-year-old neighbour
Martin Brown in an abandoned house and
it's never really been revealed why she
did it only that she was alone when she
did it and she might have you know
coaxed him into the house just to kill
him unfortunately the killings didn't
end there and they only got worse the
second-ever murders took place in June
of 1968 just one month after her first
this time she killed another boy three
year old Brian how in a wasteland where
they live in Scotts Wood England however
was extra creepy about this one is
apparently she returned to the body
later or she cut an M into his chest
with a razor blade cut off pieces of his
hair with scissors and mutilated his
penis cutting it off they probably
wondering why a girl that only 11 years
old is committing these horrible murders
well apparently Mary was the daughter of
a prostitute was only 17 when Mary was
born from a young age her mother tried
to kill her multiple times pushing her
through a window and forcing her to take
a bunch of pills hoping that she would
overdo in addition she was forced Mary
to perform sex acts on some of her
clients since she was four years old
that's so fucked up I mean not that I
really sympathize with her killing
people but still it does make a lot more
sense you know how fucked up her home
life had to have been beside her
childhood Mary was convicted of the two
murders in December of 1968 where she
served a 12 year sentence and has been
free ever since surprisingly she never
returned to crime and she's actually led
a pretty ordinary life since the killing
recently becoming a grandma apparently
being one of these sweetest ladies ever
number two Jesse Pomeroy so there are
many pictures of this well mainly
because the killings of Jesse Pomeroy
happened in the 1800s when Jesse was
only 11 years old when apparently he had
captured four young boys from the ages
of three to ten and tortured them by
beating them and cutting them up with
knives
luckily but not really Jesse was caught
in 1871 where he was sent to reform
school where it was supposed to stay
21 the left after one year of good
behavior it was the Sun I'd be like if
your parents grounded you for two weeks
and then they came in an hour later in
her life okay you've been good for this
last hour and you're free to go
unfortunately this was just the
beginning for him and when he was 14 he
kidnapped and killed a little girl named
Katie Kernan where police found her cut
up body in the basement of Pomeroy's
mother's business
in addition police had also found
another body of a boy girl boy who'd cut
up in such a horrific way he almost had
his head cut off when they found him in
the most creepy part when police
suspected Pomeroy and asked to be killed
the boy whose only response was a cold
and apathetic I suppose I did forget
about this guys like this all happened
in the 1800s and they didn't really have
you know like forensic science and like
no DNA evidence no fingerprints so you
can pretty much get away with anything
so my question is why did he basically
confess instead it has been like did you
kill this boy not in okay that's good
enough for me I'm good one thanks oh
well I'm going to go kill two more kids
it doesn't make sense luckily and for
real this time
jesse was tried and convicted of first
degree murder where he was sentenced to
death at age 14 so he was on death row
for a long time and apparently was
supposed to die by hanging but the
governor of Massachusetts where this all
took place couldn't sign off on a death
warrant
we ended up getting his sentence reduced
to life in prison in solitary
confinement number three Robert Thompson
and Jon Venables so the reason that
there are two on this one is that
they're both found guilty of the murder
of a three-year-old boy that they
abducted from a mall in 1993 luckily
most security cameras caught the two
abducting the boy James Bolger and not
knowingly showed us his last Melvin's
alive there's some really creepy
interviews that the police had of the
two you can hear exactly what they did
to kill him on some train tracks near
them all over the place
it was also significant not only did
they throw bricks at his face but they
also apparently piled stones on his head
sexually violated him with batteries and
it left his lifeless body on the train
tracks where he was found cut in half
also according to the police and medical
examiner James had so many injuries that
they couldn't determine which had
actually caused his death
as far as a motive for a killing when
police asked the two why they did it
they basically shrugged and said that
they didn't know totally hey let's go to
a mall and kill a kid Robert Thompson
and Jon Venables were arrested and held
for eight years in a juvenile detention
center where eventually they were let go
and granted lifetime anonymity anonymity
was that the right word I think it's yes
anonymity that was it good job lifetime
anonymity lifetime anonymity so they
couldn't be tracked down
number four Morgan geyser and Anissa
Weier or the Slenderman killers so this
one you might have actually heard of
from a couple years ago when two
twelve-year-old girls
Morgan geyser and Anissa Weier when the
news for attempting to kill their
classmate Peyton water the thing that
made this case extra weird though is the
fact that the two admitted to the
attempted coup and claiming that it was
for the approval of the fictional
character Slenderman from the game
slender currently the belief was so
strong in the character that they
thought that they killed someone for him
because live with him in a fictional
land called Slenderman chest on May 31st
2014 in a small town of Wisconsin but
she went out and lured Lautner into the
woods stabbing her over 19 times with a
kitchen knife supposedly saying I'm
sorry over and over as they attempted to
kill one of their best friends also when
the two returned to their houses their
moms actually claims that they were just
acting normal and giddy with absolutely
no signs that they just attempted to
kill someone suddenly however they
didn't a cyclist found Peyton's body on
the side of a road where it called 911
where paramedics rushed her to a
hospital as she was seconds away from
death thankfully doctors were able to
revive her but claimed that one stab
wound was actually inches away from her
heart and I also didn't know if you get
stabbed in your heart you actually die
yeah you know I'm real smart so that's
how I do that but you are arrested and
are still awaiting trial and they don't
know if they should be tried as adults
or children difference essentially being
prison for just over a decade or a
prison for 65 years of peace for
attempted murder
probably number five the bevor brothers
or the Bevers family massacre that one
is without a doubt the most recent
position of the list happening in 2015
in broken
Oklahoma on July 22nd 2015 police
received a call from 12-year old Daniel
better stated that his brothers were
attacking his family that night
screaming could be heard in the
background of the kala wall the call is
in progress and in the line went dead by
the time police arrived it was too late
and they found the five members of the
bevor family stabbed to death in that
home the father David Bevin was found 28
stab wounds to his torso face neck and
hand the mother April never was found
dead from blunt-force trauma to the head
and at least 48 stab wounds the person
who called the police Daniel bevor was
killed from nine stab wounds christopher
bevor another brother who was only 7 was
killed by six stab wound victoria pepper
who was only five killed by 18 stab
wounds and finally 13 year-old crystal
Bevers who luckily survived her attack
of five stab wounds and a slit throat
when they finally resuscitated Krystle
she identified her brother 18-year old
Robert member and his 16 year old
brother Michael bevor as her attacker
what Lee finding that wasn't that hard
from police and they were arrested and
charged with familicide or killing an
entire family when the police asked the
two for the reason behind their attack
there wasn't really a definitive answer
other than that the father might have
been verbally abusive to the two and was
later found that the two brothers are
actually obsessed with serial killers
and aspired to become one even having
plans to kill 50 more people have they
never been caught also found in the
bevor brothers room with video
surveillance equipment but they claim
they want to use to film the entire
thing with yo what the fuck and the
weirdest thing about this whole thing is
that the two had a YouTube channel where
was this completely normal with them
doing skits and blog check it out also
found out that minecraft is compatible
with Windows 8 I heard I know how
reliable
that is that the turn tax just my laptop
is a Compaq attend for about four years
as graphics drivers are hopelessly
outdated so we just seemed totally
normal it's fucking weird this reminds
me so much of like my first videos when
I was in 2007 and I look like this and I
had a fucking sheet for the background
that looked like this but probably
doesn't seem like I would murder my
entire family do I can answer that
anyways the update with the story is
that apparently the two-hour waiting
trial as they're having the same hiccup
that the last story did and if they
don't know if they should be tried as
adults or children they can either spend
life in prison or just a few years as
minors so that leads me to my question
of the day for you guys do you think
these killers deserve life in prison or
they just dumb kids you were believing
in a fantasy and thought that this was
real let me know in the comments down
below that is it for this episode of
what the fuck five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a like it also subscribe to this
channel as it will be more every single
week except for last week because I was
really sore so also guys I would leave
my channel right here but I really don't
think you're going to click on it like
you're just going to look at it maybe it
is going to like constantly like uh this
guy's kind of weird I don't know about
him and then you're just gonna die
annotations probably gone by now so you
just didn't click it at all so the
weirdest outro and it is guns I'll see
you next week for another one's about 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
