hey what's up the guy today we're going
to be doing another creepy video this
one is about the world scariest cold so
I obsessed with clothes for pretty much
my whole life and we talked about them a
lot before I mean we talked about heaven
indeed which was a cult or thing I'll
kill himself because they thought that
would get them to another planet
I ended a video where I was eating food
that you would eat if you were in it
cult well today we're going to be
talking about three of the scariest most
deadly cults of all time and these
stories are very very fucked up so I'm
warning you it's going to get really
graphic and really intense and I'm going
to go really in detail on these three
stories because they're so crazy so
first we're going to be talking about
what happened to the matter of
horoscopes in 1989 now this event was so
fucked up and so shocking that the whole
world was talking about even opening a
whole episode dedicated to my guest
today came face to face with the most
hideous ask a human being can submit
when drug smugglers worship of evil led
to the human sacrificial slaying of
Texas student Mark Kilroy and twelve
other victims okay so here's what
happened in 1989 a 21 year old student
named Mark Kilroy went missing and while
on spring break his friends went to a
place in Mexico called the madam now
this was a really popular pretty great
destination I think over 15,000 people
go there for one night and his friends
were hanging out at a bar called thirsty
he left his friends with just a magical
pee behind the bar and that's where he
disappeared now his friends were so
freaked out when they couldn't find him
that they got American and Mexican
police in law now this became a huge -
you know the media was talking about it
was on the news everybody's wondering
weird mark Witt and his family and
friends we're hoping that maybe he would
just pop up somewhere and have like a
funny story about Lego I got lost and I
would be Mexico dune where I was but
here I am and unfortunately that did not
now as they were looking for Mark's like
psychic came out in an interview
and said that they have a vision of seen
mark next week big culture now if you
don't know what a culture is that is a
huge pot which initially grew there
spell now just a few days later the
police were tracking the drug dealer and
they were following into this ranch now
they thought when they got to the ranch
they were going to arrest him and find
all the drugs and the drug dealers and
you know just or SLA now what they found
was much worse than that
and luckily Taylor now on the ranch is
yes they found grain but behind the
ranch in a shed they found something
much when they walked into the shed they
saw melted ritualistic candles dried
garlic streams a machine that was
splattered in blood and the scariest of
all four massive cauldrons that were
filled with blood and human body parts
yeah the family that owned the ranch was
doing drug deals in the front and was
practicing a black magic now the black
magic Bureau practicing is called power
wild and that involves human sacrifices
which ironically they were doing because
they didn't want the cops to find their
drug they thought if they killed and
consumed people like they were food that
the magic work and the cops were now in
the cauldrons and outside the ranch they
found the bodies of 15 people including
now practicing the magic on this ranch
was a cult and the leaders name was al
doll so they had Lucas down low and he
went by the nickname The Godfather now
the police didn't just find bodies being
the cauldron they found bodies mutilated
all the way and they said it looked like
the bodies had been worn like they
gutted them and put them on the clothes
the coal members drank their blood ate
their organs and all of this was done
because Adolfo said they did it it would
give them Superman
and one of the supernatural powers is
being invisible to the police so I could
get away with all of their drugs so
here's another look at me this is a look
at the killing field where Mark Kilroy
and the others died on a small ranch
outside of mag Morris Mark and the 12
other victims have fallen prey to the
demonic tactics of this man I'll double
the aces Costanza masks are all about
was found and called the evidences taken
in the ranch was burned down to the
ground they were hoping that it would
burn down and I would give the community
now the leader Adolfo fled to Mexico
City with one of his followers
and the cops found him in an apartment
building him and his follower both now
when the other cult members were found
in questioned by the police they
admitted to everything and they had no
remorse one of them even said while they
were on trial go ahead and shoot me your
bullets will just bounce off they
thought that they were still invincible
because they had eaten while all 40
members of the cult were convicted and
they're serving life sentences okay so
this is Mexico we're going to talk about
with in Uganda and it's called the Ten
Commandments cult and it did so this was
a religion that was started in Uganda it
was started by ex priests x9 and one
former cross the leader of this cult
with a man named Joseph Cabot Airy
now for Uganda standards Joseph was
pretty wealthy and built a place for his
religion and he would pay for radio
broadcast to play his message to get
more people to come to his compound not
what his religion stated but that he had
a vision that the world was going to end
on December 31st 1999 now he wanted to
be a member of this religion and is cold
this is what you had to do you had to
give them any land that you owned and
you had to give them all the resources
you have if you did that you would get
faith healing two meals a day security
and a
eternal glory in heaven when the world
ended under now people were so scared of
the world ending and saying this demand
you had newly who could like the oldest
compound is so exciting to them to take
a week and all of them in really poor so
the fact that they could give two meals
a day just for joining a religion they
were have some other things that they
had to give up for sex and even and if
you had sex or soap you were punished
you could be separated from your
families or you could be so things were
going along you know he had all his
followers doing manual labor doing
things for him he was kind of like a god
and then December 31st 1999 happens and
the world did not so obviously a lot of
people were pissed and confused and they
were questioning whether or not this
religion was real whether or not he
actually had a vision and maybe he was
lying well he changed his story and he
said actually no the world is not ending
today but on March 17th of 2000 Virgin
Mary is going to come back and she's
going to start the offering now a lot of
them believed him so they stayed or what
they didn't know was back date was
actually to date that him and arrested
his founders while planning on killing
all of them now from December 1st to
March 17 when Virgin Mary was going to
come back he started selling some of his
property off he started getting ready to
light these out but the members had no
idea what was going on but he were
remembering you did question what's
going on he would send you to death well
then March 17 happened and I did was he
asked members of the cult to congregate
in different areas of the church and
then he would sprinkle them all with
gasoline until the most holy water then
he would lock the door to the building
and they would be minded the entire
building burned down and all of the
members died when the authorities came
they found seven hundred and
seventy-eight bodies and most of them
were charred beyond recognition
now the weirdest part Joseph killed
himself with he wanted to die with his
which is completely because he knew that
it was always scam but he wanted to go
out with but some of the other founders
of the religion are still out there and
nobody has seen them okay so this last
story is very interesting and very
complicated so des with me but it is my
this is the cult of a man named David
Koresh so this story starts with a young
man named Vernon Apple he belong to a
church called the seventh day of it but
he had a really tough childhood he was
bullied and beaten so he gave himself
entirely to this church the church on
the compound in Texas called Mount
Carmel so he entered Mount Carmel in
1981 and he met one of the prophets who
was one of the highest-ranking members
of the church
her name was Louis Roden and he and her
belly now she was 70 years old and he
was very young but he said that God made
him feel like this now Louis had a son
named George he was not falling for it
he was pissed if he was next in line to
take over the church and he thought that
burden was coming in all in love with
his mom and then trying to take over
when she died now Georgia is even more
scared because the rest of the church
love Berlin they were falling in love
with him which made it seem like he
could really take not over some time of
Louis Vernon and George started a fight
they all want to power up the church
they all wanted to be in control
one stead of thing sighing Ernie decided
to leave now when he left he decided to
get his own powers and start his own and
his religion was much darker much more
radical and much more focused on an
apocalyptic future now he claimed to be
a messiah and that he had seen a vision
of the future so he changed his name to
his biblical and that was David Koresh
then he said it illegally practicing
polygamy and started taking all of his
followers and turning them into his wife
now in 1988 Louis died and David showed
up to the church with all of his waters
his followers and his plan was to bring
his followers and take
the church and bring all of his views to
it now of course George the son of Louis
is still there and he's like nah man
fuck you this is my church so then we
get into a war and this is where things
get really fucked up George decided to
challenge it in a very bizarre way you
wanted to have a challenge in front of
both of their followers and see which
one of them could resurrect a corpse
that's right if you could bring a dead
body to life then you could be the new
leader of the church
well David we simply does not want to be
a part of this but he gets an idea he
decided he's going to contact the cops
and tell them that George is doing
illegal things with corpses that way
George he get arrested
he can take over the church well the
cops told David that he needed proof
because handily well David and his
followers decided to go to Kmart buy a
bunch of guns and go back to George's
Chapel put the guns woman say take a
picture with that corpse so we can give
it to the cops
well when David his followers got back
to the chapel George he knew what was
going to happen so he had a gun of his
own and then they'd all gone through a
huge gun now nobody dies but there was a
bunch of injuries now David and his
followers were found not guilty by the
cops for some reason and this made
George go fucking crazy so he just left
the church left then George started
spiraling into it was all just too much
for his brains two years later he killed
his roommate with an axe because he was
convinced that David said the guy he's
like my roommate going to kill me David
set this up it killed him in the middle
of the night fucking axe
well after that he was sent to a mental
institution he died a few years later so
you're probably wondering what happened
to David
well George left he decided to take over
the church the first thing he does when
he takes over the church it gets rid of
all marriages so now all the women in
the church are his life now some of the
members were so freaked out with his but
they left and they went to the cops but
most of the members trusted him because
he said that he was having visions from
God and that God told in pain oh I'm
supposed to have all these life this is
what's about to happen he also wanted
them to have
a lot of weapons so David started
hoarding Don's and explosives trying to
turn the whole place into what it looks
like a military operation but they all
went along with it because it's what God
said should happen then a couple other
members left because they were like this
is all get into something where they
notify the 80s the 80s is the Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives
involved and they want to everybody to
come out of the building because they
assume that all these church members are
just hostages but the church members
were you know we want to be here or
didn't got to work so this turned in to
full week of the FBI trying to get them
to come out and they would well find was
the FBI up set up so they wanted to raid
the building and as they were raiding
the building something happened and it
caught fire
now some theories are that the church
members lit it on fire themselves
because they wanted to create a wall of
fire between them and the FBI well that
plan did not work out fire erupted and
it killed 75 members of the church
including 25 children and in the middle
of the fire david shot himself in the
head so that he wouldn't be burned alive
darwin is like fucking crazy i can't
believe that happened in the eighties
like the fact that that happened not
that long ago is created and coals are
still around today and stuff like this
does still happen we just don't really
hear that so take this as a cautionary
tale if you are ever asked to be a part
of something that seems shady or you are
ever taken into a church scene but
there's something weird going on trust
you is you never know in my vehicle well
there is definitely you enjoyed this
creepy video if you want more videos
about cult or other scary stuff like
that give me a thumbs up selling them
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and hit the
notification button because I make new
videos and if you want to tell my other
scary videos I'll put a link to a
playlist right
you know you guys I will see you too
welcome to the world of Jurassic Park
