so me and Riley we're laying in bed and
we somehow came across this random
youtube channel this only has 400 views
that is a fucking star her name is Sofia
pic hora what's name man Alexander
Hamilton I'm gonna find that little girl
I'm gonna bring her to our house and I'm
gonna make her a star guys oh my god
it's happening get it guess what's
happening you're gonna give me Christmas
gifts
it's January I know but I deserve a
little something Oh remember when we
adopted a child together is Christopher
coming back better we're adopting
another child and this time it's a
daughter you know what's happening Sofia
he's a baby Christopher was too old okay
so here's what's going down do you
remember the link I sent you a little
while ago of the little girls singing
and rapping yeah well guess what baby
she's ours now
now I have not talked to her parents
about this but I think they'll be fine
with it
so I am having her come here to the
house to make a song with me you drew
and Ryland drew should be here soon and
then my mom is a huge fan because I sent
my mom a link to her rapping and my mom
was like oh honey if she ever wrapped in
front of me in person I would pass out
well you know how much I love watching
my mom hats off the Sophie actually came
up with the idea she said what if I
throw your mom a surprise concert and my
mom will pass out did we cater to boy or
something oh my god I literally already
had two kids okay she's on her way I'm
really really nervous I'm excited I'm
scared she's so good I love her so much
what if she doesn't like me
Oh No oh god oh god no we're not doing
that okay Sophie I'll see you soon
daughter yeah yes what
in the chocolate oh they look so similar
Oh uncle drusy Max Martin is here this
is Martin a big music producer of
Britney Spears Avril Lavigne's in her
today it's me a little like I need to
know what to expect
okay so she looks like if you Andrew had
a baby so she never washes her clothes
he ever never showers no she really is
cute and great and amazing and their
Sami did you look excited means you saw
you were disappointed I think I read her
lips a he spattered time to meet the
star oh I'm sorry for yelling oh my god
oh yes she promos
family brother
yeah okay daddy
let's sit down and hang out and oh my
god can you take out the guitar I'm so
excited
should we all try them as a family
where's other guys you have to just one
can I cost how old are you - forever
she's heard it all Oh fucking so let me
just explain what happened
we're lying about watching YouTube
watching Jacob Sartorius and asked and
then I found your cover and then we
started watching all of your videos and
I think that you are going to be the
next huge superstar and I'm so excited
to meet you and hear you perform and do
something with you and are you scared
yes is this weird have you ever been to
a youtubers house no no no I didn't you
online at 3 a.m. I promise I'm going to
kill you
I don't feel my children okay so here's
what my plan is for today I want to
number one do some type of song with you
and drew and Garrett and wranglin
something fun so what do you think of
anything else is like prepared well I'm
actually a little rattled up about me
yeah are you okay okay how about you
give this a sneak peak form the rap but
like we need to set up a stage or
something like a mini concert we can
serve non-alcoholic drinks it would be
so fun like your first venue but kind of
grosser okay where should we do it
like over there your lights the laser
lights oh the bottom machine okay we're
doing this I have a lot of work to do
family let's do it oh okay let's make
you feel like there's a million people
here so let's get all the characters
behind you
I think I've earned it
no okay Sophie we're gonna put you
backstage
Plus tears someone died in this house
you know I did this in high schools
who's gonna do okay
ladies and gentlemen that's gender roles
I was on YouTube one night it was 2:00
a.m. I found a girl she was doing covers
her name was Sophia Sophia Clara and I
thought I miss 30
I should DM her and now she's in my
house
and she's written a song about me ladies
and gentlemen for the first time
how do you want to sit yeah that's some
she can't the microphone really close to
her mouth are using your brother's a
microphone stand being a music manager
is hard the show wasn't alright so Cara
here we go just a little bit of
searching about a mile up your mouth
feet on the training pitch chillin man
what do I see
is he not synonymous here you out under
like oh she so I move my mouse and click
on its clickbait so cleaning is
something I've never seen before and
something I need he's not he's awake at
3:00 in the morning sewing these
underwear on even wise words no snoring
yeah Taco Bell just kidding look at the
charity so we will turn into toxin will
bottom submerged amazon.com slash
Oh God oh my god
oh I'm so happy oh my god that was
amazing I feel bad that we gave me such
a shitty statement yeah I don't think it
was shitty I actually have better
equipment in the car I got some LED
lights microphone stand you tell us that
now your mom hears the bouquet here's
the plan so tonight let's throw my mom a
surprise concert
let's have daddy other daddy set up a
whole concert and my mom will pass out
and possibly die okay daughter Sophie
yes I have an idea how do you feel about
doing a song together like a new song
yes like we make our own what is she's
intimidated by my bars are you rapping
oh well I mean I theory I could spit a
little yeah how do you record your songs
daddy do you wanna help us record a new
bob so while he's setting up the
recording studio I think we should like
go outside think of some lyrics some
Bach melodies let's go make a song right
okay all right squad
where's Garrett if we're gonna record
like divas we need to look like divas I
call Janet Jackson from the late 90s but
very early 2000s I got Britney I got
everyone I got Katy Perry who chooses
what I want this to be a serious song
give me the blonde wig give me the next
thing by my neck is too fat for this
just give me the Liza Koshi wig I'm
Janet Jackson can you buckle me yeah
everyone good drew what are you okay
let's do a song about new friends it
could be called best friends for these
computers it's coming it's coming come
on Liza give me a pun Liza best friends
for oh my god we all like cheese we
talked about that earlier I love to use
cheez-its and particularly best friends
for cheddar wait what does it mean best
friends for cheddar cheddar start at the
beat and think of a course about finding
a best friend and then you find out what
you have in common is cheese
we got all this jamming going yeah and
we just found out something we all like
cheddar cheddar cheddar best friends for
cheddar yes
Oh sprinkle cheese on me let it melt on
me huh I like to eat I like to drink I
like to hang out with my 14 yo you know
what I want from the store it's my
favorite cheese type I like cheddar or
American
where are the flights get me out of here
get me out of this place I wanna go that
was deep
okay carrot what he got okay girl I make
cheese I'm talking this stuff yeah I got
a little of this happening imagine
hundred-dollar bills right here well I
think we're done dad is a recording
studio already good cuz we have nothing
- oh my god okay let's start writing
friends friends friends oh Jesus
this friendship is vegan we feel good
but no one's beefed it sometimes we get
cheesy if I'm a vegan if you're eating
cheese you could incorporate gez and
feather pretty easily pretty easily
hi I'm Garrett okay we're ready to
record the UPS guy just walks by by the
way it's all meeting with dad what are
you thinking should we all record it
once let's give that a try
it should worship her so whenever it's
our turn and just don't jump on the mic
okay whew I love making music lieutenant
let's go let's do it
okay the Ghibli we're gonna go top of
the charts we're sitting with our
friends we hope it never ends but we
know it won't as long as we tell me you
know what I want extra cheesy on top
that grease is drip drip non-stop then
with my friends I made this Bob Joe I
don't like cheese because it makes me
fat with ease it's sticky and it's a
gooey and that makes me very sticky it
brings beverage together and I know
we're not forever well they're worse for
now but I hate killing cows okay yo I'm
a stuffed crust boy and my close friends
they bring me joy yo I got that mad
cheddar but my hygena could be better
i got that Hufflepuff flow we love
friendship and playing in the snow y'all
this friendship is vegan feels good and
all was decent but sometimes we speak
cheese and so I guess what kind of
vegetarian
we all got a different flavor but it
tastes so good together
we got sharp and shredded and stinky and
fired this cheese will never expire
I want you to get up that was insane I
think it is time to go to my mom's set
up the stage my mom's favorite song of
all time it's cause I'll stand by you
it's really good so I kind of think it
could be sweet if you start like when
she walks in singing that song do you
think you can learn that song
okay perfect
okay so I just wanted to prep you a
little bit about my mom um I sent her
the video of you rapping to Eminem on
the street they know this is where she
said that she said oh my god when I
started watching her rap on the street I
stood up from my chair but all I'm gonna
say is if you bring her to my door
rapping I will pass out right in front
of you my mom is a super fan are you
prepared for that so you're gonna do
that song but you want to throw a little
rap in it like a melody when do you want
to practice a little bit so this song in
particular just a little backstory is a
huge song for my mom when she was
married and she was working in the
church and she had like a youth ministry
they would play this song like at the
end
every little church group and my mom
still cries whenever she hears it so it
means a lot to her which is why I
thought somebody like you who she loves
performing it would be everything so I
don't know give me a little taste
I sing for you I stand for you
I wanna nobody hurt you I'll stand by
you
don't want me all inside come on talk to
me
we both tell me something different it
could be some faraway bit outside the
distance running in the rain
I might go insane but I know it's worth
because I'm saving you from pain oh yeah
you are the only one so many stars in
sky but you are my one and only son
running away from problems in any bed
and something but don't wanna make you
go and worry even if the world is kind
of blurry we can make it through the fog
would you call me with me and I'll be
there oh my god oh my god if I'm crying
my mom's gonna kill herself soon a jump
into a furnace I love you I am so
excited that I randomly stumbled on your
channel and I'm so happy you're here and
I'm sorry you're not afraid of me okay
alright
do this okay yeah we just got to my
mom's house the squad is behind me in
their car so we need to get my mom
hidden while we set up the stage yeah so
what do we do do we leave them in the
car yeah they're fine they have a heater
they have radio all the hits it's dark I
don't know every time you do this she's
got a point
I'm scared
bad baby is here what you know about it
Chet house what you know about it
no she's coming later so we need to put
you somewhere is the garage heated no so
I can go upstairs okay so let's go
stairs
little faster do you have any cookies or
candy that I could eat my teeth thank
you
so let's go upstairs oh there's pizza in
the fridge okay you and drew go
entertain my mom okay you guys follow
her so true this is this is my new phone
you ain't got me oh wow we're setting up
the stage oh yeah this looks so good
because you can see her and then my dead
grandma and my mom's dead dog ran home
to her shame okay so do you guys need to
do a sound check
go put headphones up I don't have
headphones then I get a singer Judy
Garland who really really loud oh my god
okay she's not gonna hear a thing trust
me okay
yeah that wasn't too impressive was it
yes mom drew mama Dawson you think
they're kissing oh that's the plan
all right mom you stay here when I yell
mom you're gonna walk in to the living
room while he sees how in your eyes come
on and come to me fishings you let me
see you through
cuz I've seen a dark side too when the
rain falls on you don't know what to do
nothing you confess could make me love
you less I stand by you I'll stand by
you who only nobody hurt you I'll stand
by you if you make it don't hold it all
inside come on e come to me
we both be so far ahead of the fun of
distance running into rain
I might go insane but I know it's worth
because I'm saving you from pain oh yeah
you will the only ones to me sounds good
but you are moving all these under run
away from problems in it that isn't so
don't want to make you call me worried
if everyone is kind of blurry we can
make it through the fog so mom what did
you think it still can barely breathe
and that song honey is like oh my gosh
what did you think originally when I
sent you her videos oh my gosh I just
couldn't believe you're not already like
a huge star I couldn't believe it so do
you have any advice for her going into
the music industry Oh stay away from
Taylor Swift hey but I'm like her new
album I know but she should make it jump
all right mom oh I'm glad you like your
song
and I'm glad you didn't die yeah or pass
out okay so this was crazy
yeah how are you feeling about this
entire experience they feel like it
might good yeah now I know we joked
about you being my daughter but what
about if you were just my friend who
comes over to my house and sings for me
and maybe I'll become your man
and maybe all makes the money of you yes
you get some money I get more when you
get saved I know this was really
incredible and I'm so happy that this
worked out well I don't know is there
anything you want to say to me or ask me
or I just think you're really amazing
and I love your channel of all your
videos and I'm just so happy that you
I'm serious and I'm so happy that you
invited me is really find you really
likes me I didn't tell her to say that
well that's nice to know I felt like I
didn't want to scare you or overwhelm
you and I wanted this to be genuine and
real and fun and I believed in you so
much and I genuinely knew the second I
saw you performing that like the world
needs you I know that sounds crazy but
they do and I'm so so happy that we
cross paths and I can't wait to see what
you do
alright guys go over to her channel
please go check it out subscribe she has
so many amazing covers and she's always
uploading more and we did a music video
for best friends for cheddar and it's
insane because it's over there's the
ticket up alright well thank you for
making my mom cry okay so it's the end
of the night and that was such an
incredible day for so many reasons
meeting somebody who I really really
believe in who really did affect me with
her music and made me cry the first time
I heard her rap it's really refreshing
to meet somebody who's talented but also
so humble and down-to-earth and like a
normal kid not somebody who's trying to
be a youtuber or somebody who's you know
taking a bunch of selfies and doing all
that stuff she genuinely like just loves
making music and is really good at it
and I am so so proud of her and excited
for her and I just can't wait to see
what happens and watching her perform my
mom's favorite song watching my mom cry
it's something I will remember before so
selfie pakora
don't never forget your name please go
over to Sophie's channel check it out
subscribe she deserves it
alright you guys I will see you next
time bye
we're sitting with the friends
we hope it never ends but you know it
won't as long as we got Doritos best
friends forever best friends for cheddar
