hi guys today we are going to do another
exciting edition of shame wasted fuckin
money
maybe because everything I bought here
is fucking crazy
I literally have a dinosaur costume that
is the size of a dinosaur bitch get on
my level bitch I'm not just sick I'm
Jurassic I'll go back to Jessup world
also I got a size medium on accident so
this dinos not going to fit like if
there's a hip Allosaurus that's so like
I can do that or that fat one that's
like dying
you remember seams yeah the one that
died is on shit yeah no that's me okay
so first of all I'm really fucking
excited I've always wanted to play for
these this is a remote control winning
sharks Oh bitch he doesn't call the
water just like it's daddy it swims in
the house in the air I don't get it but
we'll see and you can look really
excited to play with it just like I was
sighted daddy is working mommy is ahh
where's mommy tied by a real shark oh my
god what if that is like sick way of
telling his son he's like suddenly shark
so fun to play with when I walked
outside good mom another same thing
bitch ended up shuttle anymore she is
now hon she shook shit shark shit let's
just take but for people to take this
shit fish I'm in ok so this involves a
helium thing which I just happen to have
what oh my god oh I'm so excited this is
going to kill me
ok so I don't know how it works but it
says do not inhale so we're going to
ignore that
ok I'm really confused I think this is
where it comes out ok 72 hours but I
figured it out
ok it says do not put your mouth to it
so ignore wait this is too much I know
I've only ever inhaled from like balloon
so I feel like this might be like pull
too much alright maybe if I just like
cut it near me kind of like a bridge is
telling me a secret but she openly
pronounces
grow up with that damn girl that's great
oh my god it working hello I'm hi
I think I'm dying what if this is
probably die oh my god do people think I
died in a party like oh he inhaled too
many balloons at this party that is
super lit customi alone in my room would
it take anywhere okay now that this is
ready we want to fill up this shark now
this is like a lot going on right now so
I have a helper hi so you are helping me
put together this thing because you're a
man and I'm not also are you wearing
underwear yeah okay just saying because
there's like a lot happening right now
okay so there's like a lot going on
there's instructions I don't want to do
this why are you doing this no that is
true honestly before I started this
video I was like does it what did you
touch me in a room full of toys my job
is to art okay so here she is and she's
pretty flaps wouldn't fill her up but we
are going to play feeling inside of her
and not this kids mommy because of
sickness but what would happen if he was
healing of your bud should drive oh my
god you're part of you like mommy you
like my grandma's parts actually said
words like her part literally said what
my mom say hi my best day I kidding I
love him even I like now all right let's
go up this up that's pretty little my
part
oh my god happy birthday taken but what
else could we filled with helium at the
video oh crap
oh my god a floating contrast and you
just like stand up and fight it bitch is
not my party chermen
oh my god it's toys I'm having an
apology party for one this is the best
birthday ever
oh my god we should fill a you know a
floating dog then you have to follow me
because I put him on a string
haha
Labe okay so now we have two pairs arms
all right you share some what is this
why is it so complicated
my god you think that's how ever wrote
that song I choose bellowing up an
inflatable play shark and she's like
life is so complicated wait a minute
that is a ring to it
okay it's been an hour and I think it's
almost kind of not working but dancing
oh my god
keep moving feet oh my god spit happy
feet wait you're doing it you're doing
it you're moving as dick why is this
dick move
oh my god yeah Yas we fucking Queen my
water clean I said no I'm building this
so I need to see apply me when I'm a
pilot oh my god oh my god he isn't man
oh my god
oh my god I feel like God this what it
was like when he created all the animals
fuck you leaving we come back oh my god
me looking for Twitter drama oh my god
oh my god oh my god Oh scary you give a
second wish oh my god
wait it we need to fly her to the house
oh my god I just added it to her what's
her name Deborah I love that
who knows hating it no you have a friend
okay oh my god this is the cutest like
Animal Planet although I know how that's
going to end
oh my god yeah bitch fly high OH oh my
god this like a Pixar movie okay oh wow
we're having just as much fun as that
boy in his dead mom let's just kill this
bitch oh my god so as I climb a snit
she's still moving
no that's on the floor oh our dick fell
off who knows never coming back
uno Miguel brah you're no babysitter oh
my god wait she's leaving now
okay so I have
only the inflatable societies or doctors
try something that'll definitely fitted
it's a huge bitch I really don't know
what this is called the size currently
but it'll fit I was called the chub -
Esther Greg okay so I'm gonna put on the
purple one and supposedly itself deflate
do you want to be the dinosaur me yeah
yeah oh my god it was like you just won
like the gravy pageant me so mine is
purple so I guess I just get it and look
at my old body my coffee that's fun how
hard did he's giving me some of that
revenue oh my god oh my god oh my god
fucking me dizzy
Andy oh my god I'm so excited oh wait
wait comes with what I am
where am i from you're doing little fun
with it is my head oh my god this is
like Jurassic world part 5 when angels
run out of ideas
they're like Bryce you're in the fat per
crate oh my god welcome to the world of
Jurassic Park
I also hate it I hate it so much you
know he's actually gonna die oh my god
you got this
ah wait I can't fit up the stairs with
my big fat cock oh cool it's kind of a
heart attack you know where are you oh
my god fucking go oh my god ha ha ha no
come play fucking couple gold
we'll go that's my ball
this is everything these are people who
don't get invited anywhere I don't know
are we
okay so next campus stop rocket which I
guess you step on it and it like flies
into the air because it goes up to 200
feet so my thought is like stomp on it
and shoot it at you me yeah I'm just
kidding unless you want to do that I
love this okay ready 1 2 3
oh ok that's too close
yeah fuck me up oh now feed your dish on
to what you're having your day oh he is
out he is done actually he's like fatty
he's like we don't hit daddy okay great
he's I can I help
oh my god wait wait I'm scared I'm
scared oh my god fucking eyes oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
ha ha ha I made this game so much oh ok
thank god oh my god oh my god that
grazed my balls oh my god oh no this is
the worst idea I've ever had ah this is
ah
borrowing and logic okay all right oh my
god you shocked you started writing
you hit Debra alright we have two more
things that we can play with together we
have this dodgeball situation and we
have no I don't want to do this you're
too violent
okay let's do this oh my god where you
go
okay let's do a just came up
okay just bring over 100 okay we're done
you're done here I got these bears don't
they look so cute look isn't he so cute
you'd really really q then when you get
you clothes ah fuck you fuck good
amazing okay oh my god let me and
realize me on Twitter let me want to see
my Instagram comments
doesn't she look again what else do they
are and then look just like us unhappy
kidding we're happy oh my god oh my god
they're so cute oh wait look it's like
they're like both mad about like my and
they're just like I'm never gonna find
anybody I'm never going to find anybody
neither Oh another down another over and
that's love I love know isn't scary that
I think this one cuter oh wow oh my god
I'm going to happen by my dick later I'm
not even kidding
can you imagine Italy on your balls and
then like you nibbling on your balls and
then you look somebody's like what I'm
sorry oh my god I love them all right
guys go those was intense video I've
ever done down a lot it had been file
out I'm so it's like oh bitch fuck next
time I got kid cats from all around the
world actually know what fuck it this
time bitch I need a snack okay the other
one look oh my god I don't pick up
Batman
try this one it's fucked up you know
because it gum he took my mom threatened
orchids like those Apple suckers what is
this one okay well I think I get really
real
oh that's when you delete my new
catchphrase get the Mercs where they
coming soon this one everything this is
great um Japan thank you for that moment
all right guys I'm gonna go wipe up all
my sweat and still not shower hoping
victory today a thumbs up is one more
videos as a week trying weird stuff I
got online
let's just keep draining my bank account
welcome acres of fun
down below anything notification about
becoming video they were booked a day
and if you want to see my other videos
of you trying weird stuff in our online
there's five of them I put a link to a
plane a train copper crystal correct you
guys I will see you little weird
products tomorrow sorry
they said that her blood had been
drained from her body and there were
they teeth mark on her neck
now the police questioned all of Lily's
clients and none of them had any
information and they were all like to
this day nobody knows who killed her and
also there's a fucking vampire out there
