hey was it the guys today we'll be doing
another creepy video and in today's
video we're going to be talking about
some of the scary's unsolved murders of
all time so first we're going to be
talking about a murder that was so
shocking and so graphic that it actually
inspired a movie and that movie is
strangers so the strangers was a movie
about a couple of we're getting
terrorized by three killers that were
wearing masks the guy was wearing a bag
over his head the girls were wearing
these dogmas and they were chasing
around this couple through their house
in the middle of the woods until they
eventually tied them up and now when I
saw this movie I was shocked it was so
intense and so graphic and just so
insane to even think about that
happening and I did not know was based
on a true story The Strangers is based
on the Cape so candy is an area in
Middleton woods in California that has
an extremely low population I think it's
literally like 66 people and in Kenny
there are cabins and each cabin is kind
of far from the next one so something
bad happens you're kind of in the middle
of nowhere
well one night on April 11 1981
something really bad did and it happened
in Cabin 20 a woman named Glenn Sharpe
was renting cabin 28 with her fight one
night she was home with her two youngest
sons and one of her sons friends one of
her daughters had been conflict well the
next morning her oldest daughter Sheila
came home from hanging up at her
friend's house and what she's found it
changed her life in the cabin were three
bodies dead on the floor her mother her
young brother and his friend and her
younger sister Tina who's 12 years old
was nowhere to be found now the way the
bodies were is very graphic so I'm
warning you
it's a lot their bodies were bound and
tied up with medical tape and appliance
wires they were stabbed a legend with
big objects like that and pots and pans
and they were also strength the mother
and the son had been stabbed repeatedly
while they were tied
village flood there's blood on the car
on Sue's car it was blood on the back
stairs and blood at the on the back door
there was a lot of weapons found at the
crime scene including a table knife a
butcher's knife and a bloody and to this
day the murderers were never found
nobody knows who did now there were a
few suspects there was a man named Bob
Ojeda who disposed of hitmen and there
was a man named artis now even though
there was a lot of evidence to show that
these two guys might have done it they
were not put in jail now you're probably
wondering what happened to the little
sister Tina who is missing four years
later she was 29 miles away from the
cabin three years after the murder
Tina's skull was found Engle so years
later 2004 cabin 28 was demolished along
with a few other condemned building
but before was torn down a lot of people
went to the cabin and filmed their
experience because he felt goes there
they saw presence also a lot of psychics
weren't there and said that they could
talk to the victims and that they knew
who it was just check out this video of
a psychic a cabin 20 they knew them they
knew them they really want you to know
they knew them
he said across the street from my house
school like this to me
oh you're next she's so angry she's so
angry until you find them until there
she wants a murder she wants them she
wants to torture them now his daughter
Sheila is grown up now and she's been
talking about her childhood just last
year she did an interview talking about
would like to walk into her house and
see her family murdered and how it
sucked her up and I think one of the
main things I have a hard time with and
getting close to people you know so fear
that something's going to happen and I
know I always look around I'm not as I
got some more conscious of my
surroundings
okay now this next murder literally
sounds like a movie and it's not real
life this is the 1932 Atlas vampire back
in 1932 there was a 32 year old
prostitute named Lily Lynch she would
take her claims back to her apartment
building that section which was very
common in finishing it there was a lot
of other prostitutes in the same thing
with well one night Lily witnessed her
downstairs neighbor Minnie Jensen is the
one who noticed this because she was
prostitute - and she went downstairs to
borrow some condoms and realized that
Lily's go well she alerted the police
and they went to Lily's apartment and
what they found was goose Lily's body
was facedown on her bed she was
completely naked and she had been dead
for two to three days the police
believed that she had just had sex
before she died because there was a used
condom found in her they said the cause
of death was that somebody hit her over
the head multiple times and kept and
this is where it gets really fucked up
they said that her blood had been
drained from her body and there were
they teeth mark on her neck
now the police questioned all of Lily's
clients and
then had any information and they were
all like to this day nobody knows who
killed her and also there's a fucking
vampire out there that really okay now
this next story is a lot so stay with me
but this involves a satanic cult and the
murder of two teenagers okay so first
let's talk about the victim Sally
McNally and Shane Stewart now family and
Shane were teenagers during someone love
that Shane ignored some weird things
that were going on with that now Sally
had some very interesting friend and she
introduced her boyfriend now just a
putting perspective how interesting
these friends were this is something
that happened to Sally at a party that
her friend of her friend Alan said that
she was invited one of Sally's party she
said that Sally went into a tree she
said it was really scary and it felt
like a ritual well Sally brought Shane
into her friend group and many things
done well the group of friends were some
really messed up shit there was drugs
there was group sex there was also guns
and weapons things that were going on in
this friend group we're starting to look
a lot like a satanic cult well in March
of 1988 she and Sally wanted to get away
from this group they were given his gun
by one of the people in their group and
the person said that the gun had been
used in a robbery well Sally called the
police and turned in the gun and the
Maples
left the four months later they both
were reported now in June a month before
they were missing
Sally had called her friend Helmut the
one who went to the party with her and
was like freaked out she told Helen that
she thought somebody was trying to kill
her for leaving well Helen told her hey
I'm sure everything
hey maybe over-exaggerating like you
need to calm down and then a month later
she will four months later on November
11th 1988 Sally's body and the three
days later shame bodies and both of them
had been shot in the head now to this
day nobody knows who did it but the
police think that it was the group of
friends they think the cult but they
think that witnesses that might have
been in the group are too scared to come
forward and admit so now this next thing
isn't really unsolved murder but it kind
of falls in the category because it's
very mysterious it's very scary and this
involves a Malaysia Airlines flight 17
guys a lot of you guys now on July 17th
2014 the flight was shot down 283
passengers were killed and 15 crew
members were killed
now the reasons for why the plane were
shot down a little sketchy and a little
confusing and too much to get into in
this video but very mysterious now
before the flight took off once the
passengers took a picture of the plane
like outside window he posted the
picture on his Facebook and he said this
if it disappears this is what it looks
like and then the plane took off and
then it was shot down I mean look
somebody's not one really gives me
chills I mean just the fact that he like
made a joke but it turned out to be real
very scary okay so this next murder
really freaks me out because number one
on terrifying ships and boats anyways
and this just makes that worse this is
the murder and disappearance of Amy
Bradley so any bradley was on a
Caribbean cruise with her family she
likes her room with 5:30 a.m. to go
smoke and then she's now when she went
missing the ship handled it very strange
number one even though the parents
reported her missing early in the
morning nobody lets ship did anything
until after 8:00 a.m. they also didn't
send out a big amount
the create system because they didn't
want to wake anybody up now before she
disappeared Amy had told her parents
that the crew mother ship was being
really crude she said they were giving
your creepy look they were asking her if
she wanted to come ashore and hang out
alone one witness claimed that Amy was
hanging out with one of the bass players
on the ship and that he had her went off
alone together on shore but only the
bass player came back and this is where
it gets fucking creepy Amy's brother who
was on the ship to talk to the bass the
bass player went up to her brother and
said I'm so sorry for what happened to
your sister and the fact that she
disappeared
I hope they find her the only thing is
nobody who should disappeared yet nobody
on the ship knew and we didn't know her
brother didn't know so how the fuck did
he know well the night before when Amy
was hanging out with the bass player and
they were all like you know having
dinner and hanging out with the crew
they were taking pictures and the
pictures were posted on the board in
like the common area well the next
morning when he went missing the mom
went to grab the picture so I see who
amy was hanging out with that night and
all the pictures have been taken down
now this is what I did trace Center
disappearance people on the Caribbean
islands and said that they've seen eight
walking around the island they even
described her with very specific tattoos
that nobody would know about so the bat
makes the police think that she was sold
into sex slavery now this leads to the
theory that the cruise ship was that
a cover and that there were people on
the ship and on the crew pointing out
girls for people to come grab take and
sell into sex and since 1995 hundreds of
women have gone missing or crucian that
one is heartbreaking and I can explain
give me one happy but it also just
proves that this is very very real this
should happen please be alert and if you
notice anything strange please report it
to police and keep Jordan okay so this
last murder is probably the most eerie
this is the murder and the Twitter
account of Bill
On January 7th of 1980 bill Cummins was
14 reason there was walking home from a
party and then he went around 9 p.m.
only a few blocks from his house his
dead body was found in the snow
strangled by his own winter scarf and to
this day the killer has never been found
now there's younger sister's name was
Kathleen and she was 8 years old when
her brother died well Kathleen has grown
up and now she has a Twitter account
that has bill Cummins as the name and
she tweets for him now the reason she's
tweeting is because she wants to bring
light through this case and make sure
that people know that the killer is
still nothing out the tweets are still
very easy here is just some of the
things that bill tweet they tried to
silence me 34 years ago but I don't
lower them you killed me and got away
with murder for 34 years I know you're
reading this it's time confess I forgive
you
well you strangled me to death it hurt
and I was scared until my eyes open 34
years ago today I was murdered I was 14
that had my entire life to live my
family is still looking for my killer my
last meal was half a bowl of ice cream I
put it in the freezer so I could go get
my sister that both stayed in our
freezer three years I know there's
something so like chilling about it I
mean I know it's his sister and I know
she's just trying to bring awareness but
I don't know like reading those tweets
and hearing it in the voice of the
yelling boy who was murdered by somebody
that had never been found that fucking
it well there you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed this creepy video and once again
I hope that this is not disrespectful to
any of the families that lost somebody
I just find stuff interesting and
hopefully talking about it for these
awareness to some of these cases and
hopefully we can sign these right you
guys if you want more videos of unsolved
murders give me a thumbs up so I know
also subscribe nation like them below is
a notification those epic new videos
every day and if you want to see my last
double murder video or any of my other
scary videos I will leave a link to a
playlist right at the top of description
genetic to gradually by if you drink
that whole thing you would be dead in
five minutes you are probably safer off
drinking all of that fucking liquid
starch but is pretty I mean I say hot
successful and then slowly die
