spider-man dick you know spider-man
always connect to the wall right so I'm
like the dick connected to my walls my
walls like this right now that's when I
was like oh my god I just have one with
a dick it was already you might come me
feel like well that's a person I got it
yeah the queen of gurus in here I have
attempted my pack I have shown you guys
girl product I have eaten my way to high
cholesterol when I am ready to conquer
another element of YouTube that I really
explored and that is the world of dumb
DIY not going to you in the past but
I've never really followed the
directions
I only just tried to like cover shit and
galaxies and move on but now I'm working
actually attempt to do these rest but I
am so serious I have a second camera
hello that's some bethany mota shit
covering is our CEO day to day so
hopefully this goes well I would love to
do this as like a series kind of like
life hack and I'm very fucking excited
today because we are going to be making
out fluffy slime Nutella slime a unicorn
latte and chocolate lipstick bitch get
on my level alright so first of all
let's do the fluffy floor now I have
seen videos of all the Queen's running
with their fluffy slime and I've never
really attempted it because I can just
play with my own fluffy fine but it does
with oddly satisfying whereas this is
very pretty
okay so first we're going to put in to a
bottle of Elmer's glue not fun yeah
bitch camera angle yeah excited
literally I've been doing YouTube for 10
years in it I'm you have another camera
but I still don't have suck I keep it
real okay second bottle on the back it's
a school glue I really know that means
as opposed to what like a real killer
glue my COO else uses glue is there a
mom who's just like let me glue my kid
mouth shut oh fuck it's a libras gold by
the way tip for mom super glue works
best okay it's a boat follow the blue
we're in there now we have to do a half
a cup of water the bitch add a measuring
cup because I'm so legit and as you can
see there's this little pieces of
chicken in it not because I used it to
cook chicken but because I ate chicken
out of it
I didn't feel like you edition okay so
let's just add my half a cup of water
and then we just stir it up oh my god oh
my god
semen huh kids if you ever need to make
semen for a video or you know just to
put all over your roof their parents
take school just the glue and water
really work okay so now we have to put
in at 3 to 4 cups of shaving cream
supposedly have to make this up which is
weird what makes my fluffy is take icing
alright let's fill it Lou it's so sad
that I want to eat it what do you think
it happened ah success all right so
that's one house oh thank you forever
are do pop this can eyeball the hot one
but you're my fave shaving my mom's legs
nobody else okay okay now we just mix it
all together okay I gotta get it I'm
having fun
do kids do this at home like you guys
watch these videos and then like do it
yourself or do you have like friends see
me I just stay home alone and watch
videos for hours of some girl in her
bedroom getting stuck in a bucket of
wine Oh Corina your micro news
okay now that that is mixed up we are
going to be adding some contact solution
I don't wear contacts because my eyes
are perfect so I bought this at the
store I have no idea if I got the right
thing and I almost don't have a
tablespoon because I only have ice cream
spoons or both of you call the spaghetti
ladle so I have a shot glass which I'm
just filming this two tablespoons I
don't know right sure why not alright so
let's mix that up
ooh it's fun to do something OOP it's
starting to kind of drizzle some thing
oh my god it's so fucking exciting oh my
god oh my god fish fuck me up I'm so
excited oh my god it's so delicious
okay so now it's time for act I woke up
fuck that in but that's going to be my
first child's name little baby borax so
I guess we dissolved it in hot water and
it slowly poured it haha I think I'll
switch with the food coloring or earlier
it's fine it's fine well because
I'm even doing the color called neon
bright purple purple drops in there
there's a feud in there taking your that
oh my god body hair just like my fluffy
blinds okay thanks shut up
where did it go oh fish oh my god oh my
god
why am I feel good oh my god it's so
pretty oh my god whoa it smells with
death like it smells like actual
chemical kind of make me high which
honestly maybe those gurus and that's
what gives them all their ideas their
way you know what actually do make a
video where I make an edible foam cave
hold on
yeah that's a good idea
okay the color is pretty much in there
okay so now it's time to add the borax
yeah Oh nervous look here we go so it
should be turning into slime
oh my god wait I think it's looking
movement it's talking to me how did I
not completely fuck this up yet that's
scary in my life hack videos I was like
my whole outlook on fire and right now
I'm making fucking awesome public
responses who is she oh that's right
guru your competition oh my god I think
it's done hold up got a little bit more
and let's go in with our hand Oh God
ditch just cabbage for Teletubbies make
her screams per him
did they have genders they are so ahead
of us oh my god I think it's done oh
wait let me plop it on the table
yeah oh my god oh my god it's just like
one of those videos ready okay me when
I'm trying to fit in my pants the pants
on it oh my god wow it's just like a
satisfying video alright isn't a
senseless be like more satisfying is
right not to sound like me sucking in my
stomach oh my god oh yeah oh my god I
get again fuck literally
oh my god me when I get a baby I don't
know what to do it somebody sing it
somebody sing away from me
wait I had idea yeah ignore the screen
she loves it
um okay I thought you did it guys I
fucking did I fucking made fluffy slime
you can only see in this camera but I
promise it's fucking beautiful
oh I love this I'm excited now listen I
know a lot of people are like Oh Shane I
wonder what he feels like use that
fluffy pie recipe cook it up and have
feel because that's made it I also got
some like glitter and stuff but I don't
know if it's actually gonna like stick
to electronic okay so instead you what I
see in all the videos they go pop plop
plop plop press we had plop plop press
honestly life is ice okay
full plot full and where did it go boom
oh my god I think I ruined her yeah oh
my god it's fun to play with anime
scramble part um yeah I ruined it
okay I'm throwing this away but you know
what talking I say DIY successful that
looks like shit okay so now we're
reviewing this helis line
okay so I'm gonna need a different
recipe for this this is one that I just
done myself and this is clear glue
you're going to use a one well grandma
coming in hot apart oh my god grandma I
think that one killed you girl you're
screaming from the grave
my grandma sparks were crazy like my
grandma's fart sounded like a bunch of
duck getting murdered by a coyote like I
can't explain it but like you get it
my grandma's part sounded like this
yeah bitch
just imagine okay for the gluten in
there now we're going to add water I
know we're just going to mix that up and
you know what let's add the food
coloring now I have here a pretty brown
I don't know who I would ever use it
unless you're making a cupcake which is
a good idea
alright let's put a drop there Oh is the
throw and you made the grow up on the
rain period look boss tomorrow's a woman
she's like seven days it's lasting seven
days why is my flow so heavy
maybe that's why she's killing people
enemy oh my god
I just figured out the rings okay so now
we're going to using some of this shit
it's called stays low I don't know what
that means but it's liquid starch which
I also have no fucking idea with that
new rigor it's also really fucking hard
to find I had to go like 18 Walmart okay
so it should be turning into crime
pretty much right away
Oh bitch why am I so good at making
slime and that's it
oh my god yeah I mean this definitely
does not look like Nutella oh my god I
think it's done - I mean it looks like
you're picking your ass and found
something which is always fun but not
really what I was going for yeah yeah oh
okay you know what it's kind of working
mmm I mean I guess this satisfying if
you're a serial killer okay here let's
plop it on the table and see how I feel
okay I'm into it
oh my god no this is great look at this
hi I'm a fucking DIY clean that's my
colleague fuck conspiracy theories and
writing poems and directing movies bitch
I would make fun because look at this
like this is really high-quality flies
oh sell this one se this might be the
best one I've literally ever made and I
made it as like a joke like it feels so
good okay now it's time for the most
exciting part we are going to put it in
a jar to tell them
yeah she has brought by the way it took
me literally three episodes of Teen Mom
og to clean as well we've got a long
time
okay so let's just oh my god oh wait
before I do that let me do the fucking
famous Instagram like slime swirl
already yes bitch kind of ellipsis you
drift into are hella dish oh my god yeah
I'm so excited yeah why am I stuck
expected button I need new things to get
excited about this is everything yes
oh my god this literally looks like a
comment like this looks like a thumbnail
for like a viral video like Nutella fine
this shit hello better fucking wengie -
OH - a DIY fucking successful is fuck
okay so next we're going to be making a
unicorn latte okay so it was literally
just picking my ass sorry about that
I can hit already we need a see-through
glass some milk and then a bunch of
other shit I don't need that yet so
we're going to start with the milk so
basically we are going to fill up a
glass like there then we're just going
to heat it up but first I need to chop
up my life chocolate bars in that you my
accidentally gotten into one of those
you're just going to taste the white
chocolate Oh God fuck
Tyron back let's unwrap these where's me
coming from a DIY - just like me on a
Friday and okay let's just unwrap these
five bars and then we'll make slime I
love being pathetic okay so now that
these are all around we're just going to
break them pieces and then we're just
going to put them in a mug and put them
in the microwave okay so I just got my
white chocolate out of the microwave and
my milk out of the microwave and as you
can see Oh God oh what a dream best shit
so now we're going to mix these two
things together
oh my god oh my god so now you have a
white chocolate hot chocolate oh my
girls look for it so now it's an a
little pink food coloring this is just
turning into an actual DIY whatever I'm
having fun all right let's just drop a
couple in here
madam is too much it's probably could be
a unicorn alien Lou :
I need to switch up this angle real
quick all right there we go
oh no created fuck okay so now that that
is all pink and beautiful we're going to
top it with some whipped cream first you
just need to test make sure it's not
going to this didn't quite get that
movie duty in it Oh mmm it's safe
alright so now you see the perfect
squiggle on top Oh have you heard to
fuck up Dora joined dipshit but now I
have blue food coloring mint
you could have spray that some from far
away oh my god why am I so good today
what is happening very easily like what
like it's is beautiful
like what I'm sorry this excited I'm
succeeding it took pics from right guy
yeah bitch okay so now the time of the
decorations on top I have some star
sprinkles oh my god take this
they're safe then I have these little
baby sprinkles that goes on top - then I
have some lucky George comes to a trip
to these right on top oh my god
it looks so good under this I have a
sparkly straw bitch geruth hard fielding
way down there under my level alright
let's just shove it right in there huh
oh my God look at her oh my god look at
me she is oh fuck by the way I love that
that's my reaction like all the other
groups channels are like there it is
you guys next time bye I'm like fuck
yeah I didn't fuck it up Oh bad alright
here it is and all of its glory I'm
going to take oh my gosh so cute that's
a lot that's real pretty
vibrate your Instagram picture but if
you want to die like instantly drink
that if you drink the whole thing you
would be dead in five minutes you are
probably safer off drinking all of that
fucking liquid starch what is pretty I
mean I say hot successful and then
slowly dying
so this last DIY is very quick and very
stupid I'm going to need a second angle
for this shit this is the make lipstick
out of a bar of chocolate said you're
fucking stupid
no I'm just kidding if you did this DIY
we're not stupid but um visual head
Alvin you're okay so basically just melt
chocolate into a cop mix-ins and
Vaseline ma'am
Saturday night and that supposedly makes
lipstick alright how'd it all mixed up
let's keep it word here we go okay so
far just looking like IES and with this
already on my hand looks like I really
had to do it I was like ah
second the charity-boy ass is around
here buddy here on that my grandma's
like now you give that it you know what
this kind of does look like a highly
lifted this would be mindless kit
I'd be like hey guys thank you for
biting your lip hit it is literally just
a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup eat it and
get it all of your face or her free just
go eat a nap um yeah I mean the only
reason I'm gonna say hat successful is
because I get a liquid Oh what guys go
hopefully you enjoyed this video of me
doing all the instructions dumb ass DIY
and actually try like I really fucking
tried and I'm really proud well you want
me to do more of these let me know give
me a thumbs up and let me know down the
comments what other weird DIYs I should
dry I'll be sure to subscribe my channel
right up below coming to videos every
day and you should hit the fuckin
notification shit I just want to say all
my other videos that me trying why pack
and testing girl products and all that
shit
I'll put a link to a playlist right top
description that would thank you guys
hopefully you enjoyed this I know it was
different but I know wanting some
different today and have a lot of fun
and I'm covered in food romantic I look
slime balls up for you tomorrow bye okay
so now it's the part of the video that I
have been the most excited about we are
going to talk about conspiracies that
are about me I'm not gonna lie
do you make a lot of sense and when I
read them I literally second-guess
myself
