guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with cupcakes oh my god Anjana oh my god
I just
oh no cupcake perform dethrone it was
everything oh my god we departed bananas
together how did you enjoy it
I was awesome now I wanna be perfect you
can take it off I become frustrated
friends like hey what's up you guys
today we are doing another conspiracy
theory video and today I'm really
excited about because we are going to be
talking about some of the biggest
youtuber conspiracies including ones
about me okay so we're going to start
with something that a lot of people have
been talking about and I have not
brought this up even though it's been
happening for like last year and that is
the conspiracy about the youtuber that
poppy
so that poppy of the youtuber that blew
up this year because her videos are so
fucking creepy from the way she looked
into the camera that things that she
said to the weird imagery behind her and
lots of Illuminati and poppy has bolon
up this year I mean everybody's been
talking about her cutie pie made a video
for and he is you know the biggest
youtuber there is and there's a lot of
articles out there by press saying who
the fuck is this girl and what does this
you now if you're not aware of the poppy
is I'm going to let her introduce
yourself
pick me and hey Beulah and puffy
look at the bathroom I don't even know
where to start
I mean clearly there's the weird shit
going on I mean from the way she speaks
like a robot to all of the things that
she has in her hair a lot of which are
Illuminati symbols I mean there's just
too much to delve into and she has tons
of videos that are just as bizarre as
this I mean there's videos of her eating
food with her eye
and there's this really creepy video her
like playing with a mannequin and
calling it mommy
I ain't looking now because everybody
was talking about these videos and
questioning issues in a cold or if she
was a robot she put out a video setting
the record straight so many people have
asked me if I'm in his cold I'm not a
communist yeah
so that proof that she's not in a cold
but not proof that she's not a robot
and/or an alien iota so the reason I
have not talked about this is because
it's pretty obvious what no she is not a
cold no she's not part of the Illuminati
I know she's not a robot although that
would be really fucking cool she's
actually a pop singer trying to make it
big in the music industry and as you
guys know it is literally impossible to
make that happen so she created this
poppy character this crazy YouTube girl
hoping that a bunch of people would
watch her videos and be like what is
this and then find her music and be like
oh her music is actually good because
honestly I think is kind of fucking good
check it out
no like I hate to admit it but music
Canada citizens the first time that
somebody has created a character or done
crazy shit to get attention to promote
their music
I mean Lady gaga or it's a meat dress
and Ke$ha pretends to be someone
crazy party girl who likes love 24/7 and
is drinks when she wakes up which she
has said and the way Poppy's doing it
it's kind of dodgy oh and just in case
you don't believe me or you think no
Shane she's really a fuckin robot
here's an interview of her talking about
how she came up with the name now I want
to know how did you come up with a name
that poppy um well the name Tommy came
from an old friend of mine she thought
that I looked like a character and the
movie we were watching so she started
introducing me to people at poppy and it
stuck but the bat came in because we
just needed a little extra spice to it
I guess I would say I know it's weird
right to like see her just being a
normal girl talking like a normal person
kind of depressing because I wish the
robot Israel okay so this next theory is
something that I have been hearing about
for years you guys have been talking
about it for years and that is the
theory as Dan and Phil really are okay
first of all before we start this one
I'm not trying to look like I'm telling
them I'm not saying that they're gay
this is just a theory but this theory
does a lot of little interesting clues
so as you guys know a demon still has
been doing videos together for years and
pretty much since they started their
fans have been constant but they're
together
there has been fanfiction about them
they have reacted to the fanfiction me
about them they live together
then on tour together they spent pretty
much every waking hour together now the
theory that they actually are in a
relationship has been something they
haven't really talked about and here's
just a couple little clues show that
maybe it's not number one back in 2009
Dan tweeted this uma thurman just
watched me have sex now just check out
this picture at Phil's bedroom and you
will see that there is a poster of Kill
Bill right above his bed
Selma Thurman watch Dan had sex with so
but also just to throw another theory in
there maybe it wasn't filtered and had
text just check out this picture of my
bedroom from 2009 Oh another piece of
evidence is brought to us by a youtuber
named Michelle potty and she believes
that there is a picture out there dan
and Phil almost kissing well I think is
the word as the weirdest like proof and
is that they were playing their gaming
channels dan FL games they're playing
five nights at Freddy's 3 dan was like
fucking around with the lights and like
has a lights all for a part of the video
before turning them back on if somebody
took a screenshot of the screen of like
the frame at the time then the lights
were off and this was the picture before
and then they ate the exposure on the
picture and you can clearly see it's
Anna fill and that almost looks like Dan
is kissing Ville on the cheek or
something of the sort and I think that
one's really really suspicious but not
only did she find that picture she also
found something interesting that they
wrote in form he was also asked is there
a song where every time you hear it you
think of someone and he replied
fireworks and then like - Phil heart
necklace and all of those are like kind
of vague little clues but I personally
think is that they're not in a
relationship I think that they are
fucking with I think that they are
purposely putting those things out there
and putting out those tweets and making
all the fans kind of speculate really
because they probably think it's funny
and
interesting I would be lying if I said I
hadn't like thought about them talking I
have okay so now it's a part of the
video that I have been the most excited
about we are going to talk about
conspiracies that are about me I'm not
gonna lie do you make a lot of sense and
when I read them I literally
second-guess myself but this first
conspiracy theory about myself is one
that really got my mind going okay so
this first theory about me is that I am
actually not bisexual and I did that at
the British and there is multiple layers
to this theory though we're just going
to start with that one now people think
that I am actually straight and I came
out as bisexual so I could kind of
pander to the game
you know I could still dig girls but I
could also say things that a gay person
would say because I'm bi and I have been
in male relationships I could write a
book where I talk about sexuality and I
talk about bisexuality that would cater
to the gay audience a lot of youtubers
come out and their careers kind of
skyrocket they could have to be on you
know TV they could ask you big speeches
for schools I mean coming out really
does help person's career and maybe the
only reason I came out was just to get
more opportunities and at the time I
came out there weren't really any other
big new tubers who came out as bisexual
people come out of gay lesbian but he
really had done in I'm bisexual maybe
that was my plan to be the first so
because of this people think that my
coming-out the year was sick because
I've done videos where I cried before
and it wasn't real
you know when I'm like doing a thumbnail
videos or whatever so maybe my coming
out video just like that I have had one
person in my life you know
you mean about it Trish and true and
almost everything so great for those
real tears or fake years now the second
layer of the theory pretty crazy and
that is that I am actually not even in a
relationship with life but in fact I
still in a relationship with Lisa but we
are keeping it hidden and now for those
of you who don't know my boyfriend
and is also host on a channel called
cover so he's been hosting on my channel
for a while I need to be talking about
celebrity news and gossip and he's
gotten a pretty good following from that
I mean when I met him a year ago I think
you probably have like 50,000 60,000
followers on Instagram but maybe he
wanted so the theory is that while I was
a clever doing one of the cheat day
episodes with Lily and that last and
maybe me and him got to talking and I
told them I just you know fake came out
as bisexual and maybe I said to him hey
do you want to be in a relationship with
me publicly
we'll make a contract and while I'm with
you we'll post about each other on
Instagram I'll give you more followers
I'll help your career and then we'll
break up in a couple of years you'll
have a better career now for those of
you thinking this is crazy this is
something that actually happens in hell
I mean this in series that Tom Cruise
has done this with like all of his past
marriages and we talked about that the
theory that he's actually gay and the
Church of Scientology is kind of like
hooking him up with fake wives Katie
Holmes Nicole Kidman etc so maybe that's
what I did was right so I don't know
kind of would make sense maybe me and
him were fake you mean we star still
together
maybe that's why me and her still hang
out all the time let's get right on a
call at GTCC okay so are you ready to
hear the conspiracy about me and you
yeah okay so the conspiracy is that we
are not actually together I'm not
actually bisexual and I am still with
Lisa and I'm using my sexuality to make
more money from the gay community and I
have a contract with you where I'm going
to help you get more Instagram followers
if I both been searchers with you and
then our relationship is going to end in
like a year huh
start and then you're going to reunite
when Lisa publicly after our contract I
how come why I don't know it could be
just like the next person so you are
confirming that this is not real and
that I am in fact bisexual is that guy
here I confirming this yes walk through
this is so soft all right thank you or
you guys go that is how real it is not a
pig relationship meaning we sir not
together but we are still like best
friend and I am in fact bisexual which
is probably not a shocker
and now am i coming out the butyl is not
fake it was very real and we kind of
embarrassing when I look back because I
cried a lot and that was talking real
okay so the second theory about me is
I'm actually not now I found out this
theory through a YouTube channel called
jasmine and Joshua and they had this
okay guys so for the first theory that
we're going to talk about is that Shane
Dawson is actually part of the
Illuminati Illuminati and the backup for
this theory is because if we go to all
of those videos all of his comics most
of them are why haven't you been killed
yet if you're telling us all of this
information so the theory is that he
hasn't been cured obvious because he is
a part of the Illuminati so what they
said is interesting because it is true I
do talk about the Illuminati lot I talk
about a lot of theories that I probably
shouldn't be and the government
technically should come to kill me
because I have probably said too much I
mean in the past a lot of celebrities
have died and people have thought that
the Illuminati killed them for speaking
I mean we talked about Michael Jackson
before and how his death seems shady his
own sister insinuated that the
Illuminati
with it do you think Michael do you
think it's murder absolutely absolutely
I said it in the beginning and I I
believe it to this day and then of
course Trish Marilyn Monroe remember
she's having an affair with the
president that I'm JFK and she was
learning a lot of things about the
government and supposedly from what
people say she really wanted to come out
and talk about and then she died
thinking of Britney Spears and Amanda
Bynes
they were not killed by the Illuminati
but there are theories that he might
have been brainwashed for life as you
guys remember Britney Spears wedding
that very public meltdown which was
heartbreaking
and only a couple years before she had a
meltdown she looked at problem that was
all about wanting to break free and
feeling like she was trapped and that
album was never released and her record
label shut it down so maybe they found
out about it and they Renaud and they
tried to brainwash her and then of
course amanda Bynes very publicly went
through some issues some people think
that maybe she was brainwashed I mean
she as a kid was literally the youngest
person ever to create a TV show she was
a child and she had her own show The
Amanda Show that she literally like
created herself so obviously she was a
very very smart girl but she also was
surrounded by adults all the time
surrounded by really powerful really
important people and maybe she got too
close maybe she learned too much and
maybe they liked now during her
breakdown she tweets things like that I
will not be manipulated or brainwashed
by anyone anymore then she also started
tweeting things like her dad
using her when she tweeted my dad never
did any of those things a microchip in
my brain made me say those things like
he's the one that ordered denta
microchip that's fucking creepy
now listen once again I'm not trying to
like discredit mental illness or you
know any of that I'm sure that Britney
and
just has the mental issues and they had
to deal with them it's just a theory
okay but there was another celebrity
that died under very bizarre
circumstances and it very much seems
like an Illuminati to church how do you
guys know John Lennon died back in 1980
because he was shot by a crazy but
threatens career John would talk about
the government a lot and he would
sometimes allude just check out one of
his interviews pretty good I think our
society is run by insane people for
insane objects and objectives and I
think that's what I saw when I was 16
and 12 way down the line yeah clearly
that there is machine some people think
that the creepy fan that shot him was
actually a brainwashed assassin
essentially an Illuminati to kill John
now here's the last piece of evidence Oh
Jackie and Joshua gave bull why I'm in
the Illuminati and it really fucked me
up for every conspiracy video that he
has he wears a red shirt and has trying
love it
alright so ugly ah I never even thought
about that but that's so true red is the
Illuminati color this shirt has
triangles all over it mate but at some
point if I end up missing or dead or
brainwash you'll not lie okay so the
last theory about me is probably the
most realistic one and that is that I
was created by a company now this is
something we talked about before I mean
we did a whole video about that zowie
youtuber who turned out to not be real
her name wasn't even Zoey she was
created by like a company to sell things
the kid and then not that long ago we
talked about the Instagram girl little
Mikaela and how she possibly could have
been a creation by a brand to sell
things on Instagram so maybe I'm doing
the same thing so the theory is that
like six years ago my youtube channel
started to go down people weren't really
watching my short sales
sketches anymore from me I sold one
channel to a company and that company is
forcing me to put brands in my videos so
that you guys buy it I mean just look at
some of my thumbnails you'll see so many
brands
Taco Bell Cheesecake Factory Nickelodeon
Pizza I mean there's hundreds of brands
in all of my videos over the last six
years I mean pretty much every week I'm
doing a couple videos we're talking
about how much I love it
or showing those things I bought online
and showing you the brand names for them
and I always say I'm hashtag not on and
maybe I'm not maybe I'm literally just
being controlled by college or maybe I
just like food a lot so to clear that
one out no I am NOT created by a company
I just like food a lot and I like I
weird shit online because why not
but those series do kinda make sense ok
so now we're going to do a Mandela
effect update and this one really fucked
me up because I didn't even think about
it one happened so obviously the Mandela
effect is taken over everybody's
remembering things differently than we
did but there's been a few really big
things that have happened that have
confused a lot of people for starters
Donald Trump's becoming president nobody
saw this coming
not even psychics literally I talked to
a lot of psychics and they said that
they saw Hillary winning that Donald
winning does not make sense in our world
tumblr I mean even Donald himself seems
very shocked by the win and like could
views that that happened and that got
people thinking maybe we are now in an
alternate universe maybe that was a huge
glitch maybe Hillary was supposed to win
but the Mandela had caused that glitch
and starting from the election maybe we
have been living in an alternate reality
which brings us to our second huge
glitch so as you guys already know
during the Oscars this year it was
announced that Lalo and won best picture
they all went up on stage you started in
my speeches and then somebody ran out on
stage and said no no whether it is load
line so some theorists think that that
is also a huge glitch and maybe another
twist and
because we remain as parallel universe
and maybe in another reality Malo and
Italy and Hillary Clinton did I don't
know it could all be bullshit but it's
kind of interesting to think about you
know what next big thing is going to
happen that all of us are like leaving
this doesn't see I think as hopefully
enjoy distance dish the video make sure
to give it a thumbs up if you want more
awesome make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and is a
notification valve because I make videos
every day and if you want to see all my
other conspiracy videos I've done tons
I'll go into a playlist right on
subscriptions Imagineers that i will see
you tomorrow bye come on there's little
party oh my gosh you look so pretty
no don't eat your wig no that's messy
like maybe after three drinks but
knocked over and he's eating it
