hey growth pigs welcome back to my
channel now today we're going to be
doing something a little bit different
now I know I usually show you guys my
least favorite things and expose
youtubers who I met who were fatter in
person but some better going to be doing
something a little bit different we're
going to be doing a story time okay so I
was walking into Target and I had on
like a puffy jacket and then I went to
the escalator and I touched the railing
and it gave me like this little spark
you know because I think of the puffy
jacket like I was like static
electricity or something either way I
was fucking elected you to the target
but like I'm fine now thank God hi guys
yeah she's back bitch so I don't know
when I wear this wig it means that I
don't know the cameras on I know it
means I'm gonna try and throw panic and
today I have some weird ones also I just
pulled out my knee when it stressed me
when I've been doing five videos a week
for 10 years I know you just put that in
Oh fully real hair would like that okay
I have I got some weird shit today of
course we're going to start with like my
classy stuff and that's going to be my
light-up wig and my lighter feather
about like when you want to be extra lit
and also the most annoying person in the
room just wear things that light up this
ass for this items that have a party on
your head if you were to wear this
I hope the party on your head is fun
because you're never going to get
invited to a real party ever
should we invite to our party um okay
Tom obviously because he's really fun um
Carrie because she always has the jams
like she always brings a Spotify
playlist and Cindy she worked at
Chipotle she'll bring us a burrito bowl
when about Maddie's mmm that as you know
the girls like where's that light up wig
like she leaves her fucking house with
its wig that fucking lights up like a
fucking annoying stupid ugly bitch mmm
let's not invite her by the way just
replace the word Maddie for shame that's
my middle school experience anyways okay
so let's turn this baby on oh my gosh
oh my god hold on yeah Maddy's here
clean ah and this party it'll it okay
that was everything like I was going to
do the whole zoomin all go home thing
but like this prop
I mean bitch killing it I know this is
her shirt fucking with and living for
this I love like put on my lip wig and
get all shook is there a new word yet
can somebody teach it to me there has to
be a new word right like what are the
kids day besides I remember when I used
to watch chained off oh those were the
days I know if you're sleeping any
comments let me know what the new where
is so I can start incorporating into my
video I know I had a love this I am
living for her like nobody else's like
everybody wants Turkey be dead puppet
even if she did die she would light up
that casket she would keep that cemetery
lick rock she would not rest the piece
bitch she would be shut underground I
love it but also talk to you can't have
a light-up wig and not have a highlight
of accessories this is what I would roll
up to the party are wearing and then
they would say oh oh my god you got a
party with tonight no no no no it's um
next month sometime next year I don't
remember
oh but as the lights are on it there's
10,000 cars outside and I can hear you
sit no but there's literally like
shadows people dancing no that's an app
it's like this cool app I got like the
light bulb it was on Shark Tank but
you're holding a red cup I don't like
any dishes so I just use these and then
throw them out every day's party in my
house here I mean but there's balloons
on the door there this time this is
party this way go Oh Maddy oh poor girl
alright I don't know how to turn this on
there's differs and like battery packs
base is very completely oh my job -
there's a remote control if your outfit
comes with a remote you are too much
like are you okay alright let's try this
blue it's hot oh my gosh it's wireless
this is too much rough okay let's see
this literally has more wires than a
fucking bomb like what who would go
through all the trouble to fucking
detonate this ball up well the person
would buy it the person who would
actually wear this to a party
oh she's annoying okay we don't need the
poet to have the party we have to party
on our head I love this oh my god you
know who would kill it in this party wig
that's it yeah Oh Kirsten how did expect
it to you here oh you did that on here a
bitch oh well we're not having a party
no because the title is all dog food and
you're gone got it
okay hon oh I love this okay next item
oh this is really popular right now all
the gurus are doing it and I get the
uterus you live in July this is a makeup
sponge that's made out of like a fake
titty or something I don't know I forgot
the word for it but it's the same
material is like a fake boob so like put
it on okay so here it is this is like
popular what he's doing it I mean it
really just feel like a blue oh my god
this is likes to have a little bleep
that came in my mom's bra and then I
would like take them out and link them
just me okay
oh I guess you put on the foundation by
the way the title of this foundation is
normal dry I mean relatable so you just
like put the foundation on top of to do
me when I'm covering up all my wounds
and then you just smear it on your mouth
like this
that's like a lot right like it'll be
that much like this is a look you would
use if you didn't have a face and you're
like all right let's make some face
let's create some skin cover up azam
and perfect um this feels very weird it
feels like it feels like a stripper
wiping their boobs on my cheeks which
I've had done before oh yeah
I've been district Clips and Jenna
stripper told me her real name and her
entire backstory and that make is on my
lap and told me about her kids who need
braces and I said why are you telling me
all this and she said well it's not like
you're into this anyways right I just
want to say strippers children at curvy
teeth my sexualities we know stopping
the fire right now anyways um this is
great I love this fake boob honestly I'm
don't care about the makeup aspect I
just want to eat it come here tastes
like one too
like my grandmother she had breast
cancer and she had one of her boobs
removed recipes not to her - I know -
both kidding love her sorry but I used
to bite on her fake food she left me she
said it was fun
she didn't say like a supposed action my
boobs ever gonna go and I did grandma
stop it getting the real one kidding but
no I would buy it on her fake boob in a
case like that molecules I love this I'm
excited I feel like we can move on and
I'm just gonna leave this here oh wow
this is like a space toon gone wrong
I liked it a patch and I just got out of
here I was like clearly to cover that up
now does it matter does it look normal
and then this okay this next thing is
system I'm really excited up well first
let me show you what inspires it so I
bought this like nail kit and it makes
like Jul nails like something Joey
Graceffa shit but instead of doing my
own nail
I got a fluffy human hand
they haven't on Amazon in the scariest
part you could get it over dated like
what kind of crazy-ass motherfuckers
like I need that they can and I need it
now
oh yeah me so let's take out this hands
oh my god it's just me and my hand
tonight maybe I don't get invited to
parties it just me and my nice food also
ill why are the fingers like that who is
fingers with like that oh that looks
like the alien some American Dad oh my
god also I look like a leaf American
deaf man jealous act I'm going to keep
this around good like every once in a
while what I make like a really good
joke here I mean so there's nobody else
to do it Wow looking there's a hook oh
my god this looks like a snapchat filter
that like they test it out and then all
the people in office building were like
I don't know this is just getting weird
why is their hands flying around then
the snapchat lady's like oh really it's
too creepy and you're the fucking age
who came up with that mouth for I the
authorized was a good idea Suzy
yeah I feel like the snapchat office has
a lot of drama
anyways let's paint this bitch's nails
so I hope about this which is like a
nail drying machine and it looks like a
little monkey and he blows your nails
tried it's not everything I don't know
how it work wait how does the other
battery I'll have those well ok I'll
find some somewhere
anyways let's take these nails first now
this is the nail kit oh this is hollow
it's not like when all the kids are
saying like do Hollow
oh my god is definitely turn Hollow no
it's not ok so I guess you could I'm so
confused
we're at the paint a my jelly yet wait I
don't get it okay I do have this nail
polish hold on this is from Claire's him
here please watch it this is one of my
products I shouldn't have bought because
I'm almost 30 and this is in the color
of what am I doing with my life and it
matches my light-up wig okay so I guess
we will just paint her nails back
because this is not working I thought I
was gonna be hollow sexual and then I
guess I was a little bit's pyramiding
but um just not for me okay let me get
better angle okay the let's just paint
pretty nails
hey why isn't it showing what is that's
showing up me is sparkly but not like
come on I wanted to be sibling day
logical I wanted to do a hundred layers
of nail polish but instead I just do a
hundred layers of teeth on my culture
and I don't even film that that's just
my luck okay you know what this isn't
working I have an idea let's burn her
now we all know that nail polish is
flammable so this should be fun now I
don't have my clothes works cause I ran
you all that scary so we're just going
to go old school and using match I'm the
good round is working huh come on come
on oh oh it's working yeah her nails are
fire way didn't stay on fire oh when the
nails are playing but you're out of
style spa doesn't do anything ah well
what else can I do with her wait he
thought I could have liquor on fire
and then have the monkey or the flame
ventricle
hold on I'll buy battery you see guys
later by the specifics I'm going to
start using this hand randomly okay I
found batteries and look see I mean you
can't see a difference but it's blowing
oh my god this cooks you oh my god I
love it
oh maybe you'll start painting with
nails just let me do that so I have
tallish on there so let's dry it off and
let's see if it works I would love to
leave an Amazon review like this and to
send them this picture and go it didn't
work I don't get it I did it right like
I got my fate and I lit it on fire
I stole batteries for my TV remote and
then I just put on a light-up wig and
nothing happened okay so see if it's dry
it's crying bitch five stars Necron OOP
this is kind of fun so these are the
last but they look like tampons so if
you are an alcoholic on your period
you're welcome but don't get the two
things computer so you're going to get a
bloody cocktail so it comes in this
little like tampon case and then you put
that all in here and then you slide it
here and you're just like hold on got it
like you know female problems and in
reality it's just mental problems and
you just want to make them go away
I'm kidding not everybody who drinks is
trying to get rid of their issues just
me you look funny side note
real talk while in your newsletter puig
just wanted you to remember that it's
lighting up when I drink my problems
don't go away
it literally makes them worse so I don't
understand we were like girl that's
allowing drink and like forget about our
problems when I go out and drink it
literally just makes me think about
every problem I've ever had I'm
literally like over that one time is a
great brushing up here and then I put on
my pants backwards so that shit stain
was in the front and I pretend like I
still chilling on it during lunch nobody
believed it did they like that's where I
go after a fireball
anyways whoo let's take a drink Sam
which one should I use no they're all
almost gone
let's fill the firebox you know you
could do you could just put like a pink
tampon wrapper around this and be like
bitches with every blow I feel like I
look like I would have a light that
China all right so let's put this in
here okay Oh fireball
all over my leg ahh I get so messy in
these videos Oh hold on let me just wipe
the alcohol off my spine all right let
me just plug out this tampons so here we
go oh I'm with my girl we're hanging out
we're gonna target getting electrocuted
and then I'm like oh gotta go change and
then I just take a quick little Boop I
pop the top look line in the stall and
say is this where my life has led me
drinking in a bathroom stall at Target
yeah who has been a minute since I've
had fire balls and really just making me
think about that diarrhea story to do
this is actually a great idea I love
this girls give yourself some of these
mom I know like technically you don't
have your period anymore I just put her
on blast expose but you can still get
away with it love it I start oh my god
my review on Amazon I love it I really
need to start doing those alright last
but not least we're with you tortures my
tie so I thought dog didn't call it her
god oh I love torturing my not no I'm
kidding my dog loves me guys I know he
looks like he hates me but you asked me
me when I'm the craziest girlfriend ever
I know he looks like he hates me and
he's like oh wow
but you fucking love me ok it says you
shake well and cuz it's natural this
mode I don't know it's sad though I
don't want to like certainly John but
it's just natural and it says mr.
puppies you know what no no I am NOT
going to put this on my dog I want my
dogs you have a break so instead I am
going to put this light up wig on okay
you know where are you where are you
hiding
daddy's gonna find you are you upstairs
you know oh fuck look at all this hair
should really clean that up
I found him you can't hide from Daddy no
don't you want to try on this light-up
wig doesn't it look fun come on be a
good boy and try on this light up wig
you ready to be beautiful oh my god
running away oh no please
why don't you want to be pretty like dad
oh my god literally where did he go see
guys he loves me yay
over it what look aren't you excited
look how pretty you look
yay come on dance little party yes oh my
gosh you look so pretty
no don't eat your wig no that's messy
like maybe after three drinks but not
sober and he's eating it honestly that's
the most lit shoot I've ever seen I'll
go home and I'll let somebody take my
dog where's go hopefully you enjoyed
this fucking weird video make sure to
give it a thumbs up subscribe and I get
that little fucking Bell thing to get
notifications or whatever and if you
want see more videos of me trying girl
product I have like a shift on I'll put
a link to a playlist officer people I
don't see you little fake hands tomorrow
ah I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen
the song movies where it shows the
victim being tortured by big machines
that thing screwed on their heads
screwed on their body if they get a
question wrong - oh I could explode and
it probably seems like those are you
know science fiction like that's not
real
well how you did some researching and
holy fuck
