Hey look at the guys yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
and for today's video
brace yourselves because we are going to
be talking about some of the scariest
torture methods throughout history so
I'm sure a lot of you guys would see
masala movies where it shows a victim
being tortured by big machines that
thing screwed on their head screwed on
their body if they get a question wrong
they're all I could explode and it
probably seems like those are you know
science fiction like that's not real
well I did some researching and holy
fuck throughout history torture devices
have been used that are not that far
away from that and here are just a few
of this period first torture device
we're going to talk about is in rap
torture okay so this method happened in
medieval times and it is super fucked up
so the victim would be laid down on a
table with their arms ties they couldn't
move they would also be stripped Nick
then somebody would put a cage right on
top of their stomach and in this cage
was a rat that was dark hadn't even days
now this cage of a plate on top of the
victims stomach didn't have a bottom so
the rat would be like running around on
the stomach and this is where it gets
fucking gross the person doing the
torturing would heat up Exige they'll
usually use fire or cold or anything
that could to make the cage as hot as
possible now this makes the cage so
fucking hot that the rat needs to escape
and the only way out is through the
victims stomach so the rat would start
eating its way into the victims stomach
and start burrowing inside of the
victim's body and this would last for
like three hours
and this would always result in death
now this kind of torture has been shown
in movies and recreated on TV shows and
it's still fucked up just look at this
clip from gamers girl hey I never stop
hey
oh I didn't see anyone outfit my girl I
shall have to okay the awesome honey son
that's better
you be very have no sausage what are you
doing okay so this next torture device
it's probably the most brutal and this
is called the 14 wheels now this once
again was used back like in the medieval
times and it was used all over the world
but it was mainly used in the Holy Roman
Empire and it was for you know very
serious crime like if you killed
somebody in your bloodline or you killed
your own children you would be punished
by breaking the first victim would be
tied to a massive wooden wheel and this
would be done in public just so people
can watch you get tortured now you're
tied to the wheel with your arms and
your legs spread out and the executioner
is to take swings at you with it what is
that
or a him and because your arms and legs
are tied and there's like gaps behind it
when it hits those bones break or impact
and it wasn't just an executioner that
would be able to take swings at you they
would let like this victims families
like for example if you killed somebody
there family members involved in to take
a swing at you when you're tied up then
after they beat you up for like hours
and all your bones are broken they leave
you tied to the wheel for three days
while you slowly die in public okay so
this next torture method is very sucked
up and just it's a lot this is called
the Judas cradle and this was happening
in the 16th century so this form of
torture reviews other people who
committed sex crimes so you know rape
molestation but also homosexuality in
cheating on your life so like definitely
not something I think you should get
tortured for I mean I don't think she
tortured for anything but you know what
okay so here's our works so the person
would be sat on top of a huge pyramid
which was made out of
it would be naked and they literally
would sit on the point so it was in
their fucking and if you are girls they
would make you sit on the point so we
went in your vagina then they would put
heavy weight on top of you
so it would slowly push you down farther
on now the most fucked-up part about
this is this actually wouldn't kill the
person but instead it would permanently
mutilate their genitals and their either
don't the rest of their life it was just
destroyed I mean some people did die
from it but then some people died later
because the steel pyramid that they use
was never washed that people got crazy
infection from them
ah ha that wasn't that was up to you
okay so the next form of torture is
called the iron maiden and this one you
probably will remember from a lot of
movies this is back in the 14th century
and it basically was a big deal to me
that they would open up and put you
inside of and then we lock the door so
that sounds bad what what made it really
bad was inside of the tomb for long
spikes and sometimes it would be so long
that when they closed the door the
spikes will go right through you now
they show this in tons of movies and it
is fucking and they've also shown this
in kids movies I'm not kidding remember
chunky from Mathilda yeah that's pretty
much any I made from the tree
so in that movie was shown is kind of
like the joke but definitely not funny
back and soybean tree okay now this next
thing is a form of torture but mainly
just a form of murder and this is
something that happens to this day and
that is concrete so I'm sure you've seen
some movies basically how it works is
somebody will have concrete tied to
their legs and you'll be thrown into the
ocean where they keep sinking and
sinking
thinking's until they drown that is
scariest part about this is as you're
sinking the pressure of the water bill
so much but sorry it's fucking giving me
do some thinking about it I lose it
literally feels like everything is
crushing in on you and it's probably one
of the most painful things ever now this
is something that people have seen in
movies and like you know it's been kind
of an urban legend whether or not that
really happened
well not a legend anymore because last
year in America a body was found in turn
with concrete tied to their feet
so it is very real now that's only one
body that's been found just imagine how
many bodies are at the bottom of the
oceans just decayed with concrete
accuracy probably hundreds okay so this
next torture device I'm just warning you
this one is going to make you feel some
things and it is called the sock torture
and no this is notice on movies this is
real the victim will be tied upside down
any large saw will be placed right in
between early and then two people will
take that song inside and start cutting
through your body until it kills you now
this is something that's happened
throughout history and it's still
happening now I'm not going to explain
where it's so happening and why cuz I'm
not kind of want to get all dimensions
but it is the leopard now sometimes they
tie you right side up and they start
sawing at your head usually they do it
from the groin because it takes longer
and it hurt okay now this torture method
is so fucking insane that the
Mythbusters try to debunk it and
unfortunately they found out at a tree
this is called bamboo torture now just
happened back in the 1820s but it also
happened in World War two two captured
American soldiers so bamboo is one of
the fastest growing plant indoor and
it's incredibly strong which is why they
chose it for
so first the victim would be tied down
to the ground right over a young of
bamboo assembly then in three days the
bamboo would start to grow and of course
so fast that it grows through the
person's body and after enough time the
bamboo literally will be coming out your
stomach or your chest but you are a
fucking a pot like you are literally a
pot and it's growing right to me now
anytime I've ever seen in a movie where
a plant tries to kill you
you fucked me on why there's something
about it really just ruins everything in
my head like I remember this one movie
what is plants like grabbing on a
discreet arm going through her eyes so
the fact that that could actually happen
and is real and another going outside
bringing I don't really knows but
definitely know okay so this next
torture device has been shown in a lot
of movies so you'll probably recognize
it this is called the brazen bull so
they take a massive metal statue of a
bowl that is empty inside and then they
put the victim in sight then they light
a fire under it and it cooks them in and
then it literally turns the inside into
an oven and it cooks you alive
okay so here's like a couple weird facts
process - now inside of the medical they
would have like a pipe that would you
know exit the mouth of a bull so when
you're screaming everybody watching can
you hear it but the pipe turns it into a
deeper sound so it sounds like a bowl
like growling and then also the smoke
from inside because you're being cooked
starts to come out the bowls the whole
thing is just very elaborate and just
super fucked up okay so this last thing
we're going to talk about is very dark
and it involves a serial killer Jeffrey
Dahmer now Jeffrey Dahmer is one of the
most infamous serial killers ever I mean
there's been movies made about his
murders some of the things to do to the
victims have been recreated and other
movies but this particular things he did
just really stood out to me so Dahmer
wanted to put his victims in kind of
like a zombie-like state so that he
could do whatever he wanted to he
actually didn't like killing them
he liked torturing them
doing things to them killing them man
business over some one thing he would do
is take a power drill drill a hole into
the top of their head and then pour acid
inside of the hole to fully zombified
they're bringing that ha first of all
the victim was alive while this is
happening like literally a lot of like
reeling a hole in their end and then it
would melt their brain now this is
something that I've seen been done in a
lot of movies it was done in this movie
called the loved ones and that would be
Sophia and this would not be by them for
in a while while he had his way and he
was killed
well there's no that is all the torture
we're going to talk about today I know
this is kind of a fucked up video but I
just find this stuff fascinating so we
you're not trigger or attended by and if
you want more creepy videos like this
please give me a thumbs up so I know I
also make sure to subscribe the chin
like and below and turn on the
notification though because I make new
videos every day
also if you want to see my other creepy
videos where I talk about stuff very
similar to this pop the link to a
playlist revit on the description below
thank you guys sweet dream oh my god no
oh my god
Oh rip it rip yeah yeah yeah yeah oh my
god honestly videos this is our base who
is she
