no kept bring you in for the last Jess I
want you to hold and scene as you guys
are matching oh I don't know who I bite
my face off I don't know when I'll say
something into the microphone tell me a
bit a lot but our family has good guys
yeah today is going to be BA mainly
because I don't really know what I'm
doing I wanted to do something different
today we are going to be doing a lot of
things because I wanted to do life hat
but I only have like three of them and
I'm like that's not enough for a video
but then I remembered that I had some
girl products that I haven't reviewed
yet and I have a weird item that I got
online that I haven't shown in a video
yet because I don't know how to explain
this and I don't want to explain how I
found it but this is a apps home
circumcision that is a baby penis but
we'll get to that later in the video I
also have a couple weird celebrity diet
foods that I did not eat on Monday that
I still have so I'm going to do like a
clusterfuck of things in this video this
video is going to be weird confusing
mess and possibly put me in jail so
let's get started okay first we're gonna
start with a lifetime this one I'm so
excited about and I don't know why I
never thought about this before
um this is a coffee house now I'm not
like a huge coffee drinker
unless it's coffee I screaming and it's
not coffee it's just chocolate so this
right here is just plain black coffee
I'm also me me when my work work work
work work is sitting in front of a
camera cutting a fake baby penis over
goal so we're gonna take this hot coffee
and then we are just going to shove a
variety of candies inside of it and then
they're in promote I mean it's would you
taste like fucking melted candy now I
don't know about you but to me that's
the perfect way to start saying well
that and avoiding all the earth
okay so let's first put in my favorite
min Teresa's remember when myspace was
around and they have the top eight yeah
nine world so Taco Bell we have so mad
at sometimes McDonald's was number one
and the McDonald's would look Yogurtland
ago you don't even go here my topic is
drama all right so let's just joke
oh my god look at the fucking hot coffee
ah oh this is makes me drink coffee you
know like beauty guru videos were like
these
morning really committee confession cup
of coffee and then they put in like a
tiny drop of creamer he picks it up and
go to their couch and edit their videos
mine would be like hey guys welcome to
my morning routine making my coffee hold
on
there we go and let me just grab my
Snickers Twix okay here we go
OOP OOP let them hang it out excuse me
that's fun and that one's drop it now
Snickers whoops hold on to let me make
sure it's safe yeah she's ready me when
I'm getting the jacuzzi was on my
friends room for me in there no oh and
it overflows and last but not least we
obviously can't have our coffee with our
M&M all hey good morning
okay so we're just going to let this
melt oh my god there is coffee
everywhere
no come get a heart attack from all this
caffeine so by the way guys I heard it
you know an Instagram his name is no
Dawson and go follow him if you want an
amazing artsy shop like this
yeah he hates it okay so now the candy
is pretty much melted oh my god that
lets first coffee a Starbucks secret
menu wishes she could alright let's give
this a try oh that smells like the candy
I owe the 99-cent store when there's a
storm end of the league so it's like a
mix of sewage and candy and you teeter
stuff like morning oh my god this would
make you want to wake up this gives me a
purpose now I finally understand but
first coffee because if I has did before
a day oh my god
Adele's new nickname what's up again I
love that I love helping people rebrand
I was working Tootie was done morning or
teen recently and I was like um she
needs to introduce herself like this hey
guys it's Tina
do not go in welcome to my morning your
Dean don't subscribe I know this is
amazing
do this at home and make your parents
call for home but this is a cry for help
so just letting you know okay next hat
is very stupid now I don't know about
you but have you ever call somebody and
like you're like oh I can't hear you or
oh it sounds weird it sounds like you're
in a toilet you're like because I have
well in this hack is for you if you
don't want your man or your mom or your
priest to know that you're answering the
phone while you're taking a Dookie then
all you need to do is put a pillowcase
over your head
and talk to them in there now this is
based on the idea that like when people
are doing like voiceovers for cartoons
and stuff they're in a room that it's
soundproof so there's like cloth and
like foam and stuff around them and it
makes it sound too so why not get your
phone and make your own sounds ooh all
right so let's call somebody and see if
it works
all right look cool Rylan stop first I
got to get my pillow oh how do I smell
do I sound like I'm on toilet what do I
sound like I'm like it does it sounds
better
unusual Irene to college down by what
they see though pushing it like is it
LimeWire well back or is it like fresh
out of ideas
Wow doing music um it's like not a
beautiful Spotify but if they're add
yeah I was it well basically running on
when I sounded by the pillow please over
my head and I'm trying to show that it
helps with you some oh sorry I gotta be
ready knowledge that um okay gotta go
really really busy right now
I'm hold on working okay okay bye yeah
I'll pack up this bed for him okay so
this next had it was supposed to be how
to curl your hair with Cheetos and
marshmallows so I got mannequin head and
I got Cheetos marshmallows and a thoat
and also destroy the mannequin head and
it is dork
hey guys okay earlier the night before
I'm filming the actual lifelike video
and me and Ryan were playing with this
mannequin head and then we were like oh
let's keep her bang heaven that didn't
work kind of Sarah
we named her and then we were like well
now that she's broken I can't really use
her in a video so why don't we cut
through her head with a hot knife now
you've never done this before
I do not think this is safe but do you
think it's a good idea to cut through
things with hot knives and pretend like
they're your significant other I mean I
think it's satisfying shook let's do it
okay so I don't have any more butcher
knives but I do have this butter knife
and I'm hoping that it'll slide right
through like butter okay so let me teach
you how to use a blowtorch fucking
couple goals one two three
oh forget rad we're good lights on fire
whoa whoo now you got to cut through I
think just like go right through the
middle
Oh Oh God I think we have the proper
attire cue the freakin oh oh my god oh
oh oh oh my god she looks so good oh my
god wait what are helping actually the
bangs look good now she's everything
he's a fucking icon that's Admiral
that's evil
oh my god I will combat oh there's
literally mannequin has smoked honestly
fashion icon when BAE's texting busy
alright we've moved outside Gary you're
next okay heat up a knife
Oh oh my god this is the most brutal hot
night video everything it is is shot
finish what you started
literally the worst day or whatever I
just can't stop gagging
I'm trying to kill her but make me see
it who throught drop unfit it I'm
kidding
what are we gonna do with her now rabbit
arrow do it alright let's do this oh oh
oh oh my god oh so I just make them so
complicated inside there oh my god okay
honestly Wow wait wait let's get a full
view
hi oh my god no oh my god
Oh rip it rip yeah yeah yeah yeah oh my
god honestly we could use this is our
face
who is she oh wait you're right you're
right you're right wait girl your eyes
the crooked hold on let me think that Oh
oh my god oh and hold on oh and here she
is and not break out Oh see told you
looks like that
speaking of fucked up this time yeah
look back on my wig me after Britney
Spears releases a new video oh my god
let me put on my wig get it does it got
snapped and I know okay it's scary how
right this feels oh my god I cannot wait
to cut the baby did wearing this that's
honestly Eclipse it to my future cussed
me in five years - the nerve working a
hospital cutting daddy dick wearing the
wig dying identities aren't you that guy
that you seed weird foods on the
internet no okay there's that baby okay
before we get to that I want to try now
this is a delicacy to a lot of people
it's also a beauty a half if you want
young
again kind of often scheduler no I'm
just getting that we get flag I know the
actual hat is to eat placenta I'm not
kidding
this is real some people freeze their
placenta if you don't know if the scent
is um it's like the baby's Oh didi
straight out the vagina but instead of
like a cute cardigan with like a
matching miniskirt is a sack of fucking
gross blood but honestly just counsel in
the description what does that is actual
baby blood cousin and it came out of mom
and here it is in a cute little
tangerine form so these are from Japan
and oh my god it's a sense on the back
left center as I put it in like a
crystal like container like this you're
not fooling anybody Japan I know this is
not too late I know it's not too late
man it might be cool a baby this is now
crystal light this is crystal heavy flow
oh my god ill into the texture oh my god
okay alright how do I put it in the
drink order to eat it let's zoom in mmm
I'm like giving drinks battle body right
I'm an aside it could be so simple but
oh my god I want to talk me wanna stop
me right now what am i doing oh yeah
okay here we go oh oh oh my god oh my
god the texture the texture texture guys
guys guys
focus even my camera's like nah man oh
oh oh no okay oh god oh god oh my god oh
my god Oh bah bah okay here we go
I'm sure we get oh no I'm gonna swallow
I'm gonna follow
I'd rather sadly what is this supposed
to do is it worth it caution do not use
if you're pregnant
well yeah because that's cannibalism
wait
is actually cannibal right finally I
wanted to do trying people video but I
just didn't have any people battle them
okay well connect you know what fuck it
we're just going to kind of this baby
day I know this can be controversial and
I'm nervous but I feel like it's
education because like maybe some of you
guys are going to grow up to be doctors
also I feel like if you're really
passionate about this particular part of
the job there's a problem there's a
glitch in the system and we need to
figure it out but here we go this is
very educational I can't show this can I
show this yeah yeah it's educational
educational music now hey guys welcome
to my channel I am every fake name I
thought it sounded gross I love babies
we'll just go that high I love babies
and okay okay I'm gonna show you there
is about 16 baby dick penises baby penis
there's balls there's a vagina I can't
show I can't kill it oh there's a
certificate okay oh no wait it's a
five-year warranty company five years
from now hi yes my baby penis covers
Susan I used it up need new wet oh my
god oh my god I cannot believe we're
doing this
let's fucking do it let's cut to the
contest okay guys here we go oh my god
first of all let me just show my setup
um back here I have baby food because I
was going to eat that in the video not
anymore
over here I have Potenza and then I have
Kegel weights welcome to my office
oh my god okay once again this is
educational alright so let's just take
this out oh my god luckily - oh my god
first of all I'm jealous he's killing it
and fucking penis goal oh okay this is
oh god this is weird we can't do this no
we're doing this it's educational who
knows I might have a kid one day
probably not and I might need to do this
because a zombie apocalypse I don't know
here we go
fuck I can't do this I don't wanna get
in trouble am I gonna get troubles mom
somebody let me call you you hi youtube
quick question how far is too far in an
educational video alright oh my god hi
okay I can't I can't do this we're not
doing this okay we're doing it we're
doing it oh my god I can't do you I feel
so
fucking Creek out and I feel gross and
I'm wearing a wig still you can't do
this
oh my god oh my god okay now we're doing
it we're doing it okay I just want to
cut the skin not the actual thing or
maybe I'll just like a cut around it
oh no okay yeah I'm really bad at there
you know what let's grab a hot knife
Kevin kidding okay we're done we're done
we're leaving I can't work I need to go
oh my god if the cops came right now oh
my god help me Jesus
well guys there you go um this is one of
the weirdest videos we've ever done and
I have no regrets you guys hopefully you
enjoyed this video if you did give it a
thumbs up so I know if you want me to do
more videos that are just fucking weird
and random let me know down comment also
make sure to subscribe my show right now
a little internal notifications because
I make new videos every fucking day and
I will see you little we're not going to
say that we are going to say Kenny boy
that's what senses I'll see you little
kata bar clock bar oh oh my god oh my
god oh my god did you actually stop
that's good
