guys oh my god we just finished a
podcast where we talk to rich who plays
with window and walks him and keeps
track of him while I'm working so he has
stories and we also have my trainer
Johnny who trains me and makes me not
fat which isn't working
go check out the boss house open so much
others are far too complex enterprise
hey guys
gasps I know what you have been thinking
Shane are you pregnant
and the answer is complicated no I'm not
pregnant but yes I do have a baby inside
me because I you baby so today I thought
it would be fun if I tried food that
pregnant lady's crazy no listen I've
been around a lot of pregnant ladies
before that's weird but I have we have a
cult we all have to wear the big rows
because there's a rule II know but
pregnant ladies do have crazy cravings
and I googled some of the craziest and
fuck first of all so many ladies crazy
choc laundry detergent semen and dirt
Britney Spears literally said she ate
dirt and if Britney does it I'll do it
yeah I did not think that through oh
love this new look I might not be
pregnant but I look like I'm about to
get you but good okay so this first food
is fought but I'm actually kind of
excited about it I guess just the baby
talking this is macaroni and cheese with
peanut butter and chocolate fuck I mean
am I the only one that thinks that looks
good
answer yes one crazy pregnant lady's
like this yeah fucking me me and my
child okay I think I need a more
chocolate because I'm eating for two but
we're maybe his name Z's probably talked
about because she fuck my body up all
right here we go all ba oh no we're
covered in dirt and chocolate Brittany
I'm fucking you I'm gonna Brittany
backstage of her show get me out of dark
chocolate okay I'm going to eat this one
over the trashcan
once again I feel like Brittany said
that's how long y'all I need it's over
the trashcan you know it's good but it's
messy I let's take a bite oh my god it
is dripping everywhere
right here we go oh my god fuck Bon
Appetit I don't know that is Dustin oh
my god this is so fucking - it also do
you think Britney Spears was singing
about dirt when she was singing toxic
because I Thunder it does have
pesticides and then she's eating them as
toxic she's above the flower bed she's
like I think I'm ready now I look dirty
bring no this is amazing it's confusing
I don't understand and I need a shower
which is always and this time I might
actually do what normal mixes okay so
this next food is something I've
actually thought about before but I have
been too scared to try we are going to
ask a stranger out on a date
no I'm kidding I could never ever do
that I would rather eat the mud than
bring it for your shit out oh my god
that's crazy like if she ate dirt it
would turn into a moment okay Sonya
anyway our next food is a doughnut
dipped in ranch once again this one
pregnant lady I said like that fuck me
up oh my god do you think they say fossa
like you pregnant people start speaking
in plural oh my god that's so scary and
I did a pregnant lady in a restaurant
like we're all worried also me okay we
got the original Hidden Valley because
men do geez and we got a donut from the
day-old bakery section around because
and do is you go no that was you all
right here we go
let's just pour a little bit oh my god
fucking Instagram herbal oh that's
beautiful
oh my god I should be an Instagram chef
should be interesting this could that
look bomb I mean once you find out at
which you might lose some followers but
until then this is what the Kylie Jenner
lip get done' which by the way doesn't
her mouth kind of look like a doughnut
like a big ol like don't get me wrong I
need it but there's a thin line between
Jonah and anus and girl you're on it I
let it take a bite of this ranch do that
and something tells me you do not want
to see this okay let's get it closed up
I really wanted to see this mess
look at her she is dressed to impress
oh my god dress dressing queen of puns
that is so also lifted that is so good
why is this good precipices
why are you geniuses I literally Kate
and explain why this is good it's very
confusing also I feel like one of those
fan girls who like put on the lift kit
and they fucking suck at it but they
like tad Kylie Jenner and they're like
look girl I knew
and then Kylie's like if you hide for
profile this I don't even I can't a very
conflicted like this is like that
awkward moment like lala land one with
the macaroni cheese and chocolate and
then fucking moon light came in the West
the game like we didn't even know she
existed but bitch Emma Stone and Ryan
Gosling are shrimp I don't know this is
incredible pregnant way to you - thank
you thank you for like giving birth and
like helping society grow but no fuck
that
thank you for this like you can keep
your baby you like I don't need it but
you can give the pictures of it you can
eat the snaps of it like I'm not here
for all bad but what I am here for is
your creation like that creation is cute
and John's good luck when starts to grow
up and in always the fucking you but
this creation bitch oh she's a miracle
Nexus oh my god once again with this
salty and sweet we have here in ice
cream sundaes but instead of chocolate
sprinkles we have all this in pepperonis
ha what why who why now the contender
growth
I have hope because everything you've
served me so far like I wanted to adopt
from you but like this but this makes me
nervous okay let's get a good bite I'm
gonna get a big pepperoni eat the olives
Oh
can you see that oh my god when the cult
of employee has lost their mind when the
Colts on employers like weight good at
idea Pisa ice cream Johnny have you been
eating bath salts again no but I have
been eating dirt here we go
1 2 3
oh I need to watch them about that hold
on
ah I think that's the first I don't
think I've ever had you wash my mouth
out from food in my life
pregnant late you got me that is insane
I don't understand anybody who could eat
this like this is a whole new level
like this is so fucked up like I can
only imagine like if you're a zombie and
you ate all the people and you're like
an animal lover so you don't want to go
for the dog then you like what it has to
do this because this is probably the
closest I could imagine to what
somebody's inside tastes like like if
you cut open beans from even-steven
bitch pepperoni turned egg oh my god
what a fun game let's talk about what
Disney stars would taste like I'm going
to start an Italian Disney themed
restaurant we got some Lizzy lasagna we
got the Raven ravioli do you want some
cheese on your pizza here let me shake
it up boom I got a vision you're going
to get food poison oh my brother's
killing okay now this one I have kind of
- for because it sounds good to me
this is chicken nuggets covered in
butterscotch pudding I love that that
sounds good to me
Shane would you like a filet mignon
cooked extra red with some Sciences
rainbows carrots and butters videos oh
no I'm good
I can't imagine for like a fancy dinner
like if I got invited to like the White
House Correspondents Dinner
I'd be like some wild Trump that loves
your cute blood chicken nugget it's
coming - pudding
although I feel like Trump will be like
how ya Oh Chris full of it me and
Melania we like the fuck out of quito by
now you ever had ice cream sundaes with
beads or toppings and I'd be like troll
you're trying to alright here we go
let's try this really interesting
looking nugget Wow that sounds like
something I'd call a child you know
that isn't really bad oh let me tell you
why that's bad the consistency is like
honey mustard and you would think it
would be like we and it would kind of
taste like this is nugget in the honey
mustard but then it kicks you in the
side of the head with this like weird
milky sugary consistency like it tastes
like dipping a nugget into an oompa
loompa that and I feel like a new
palookas ass would only too good if you
did like a pretzel stick in it like you
need that hunch but like this was just
to machine like if I'm going to eat them
fast I'm gonna need it crunchy I don't
know this looks gross this is a hard
task if that was playing Smasher passing
food Adams let's be honest that finish
might even the grosu is I'd be like but
I have a cute personality
I honestly relate to this I like like
her you know the new leg always just
like a nugget trying to live his life so
he's just covered in pudding
Oh mixes okay this one is ha this is a
piece of chocolate cake covered in
pickled onion no baby if you don't know
what people values look like they look
like this it looks like a fucking jar of
eyes'll oh who the fuck why this house
where the fuck when the probably got if
I was like a teacher bitch that would be
awful that's how I would teach I beg ok
guys for this book report first we are
going to do who'da thunk and then you're
going to tell me why the fuck I've been
where the fuck when the fuck and how the
fuck and then conclusion the fuck the
only homework at have is don't Google my
videos I do not want to lose my position
ah let's try this chocolate cake with
onion ah
the cake is killing it I don't know
where this came from just crazy I do
know where this came from
can you imagine I don't know I was just
like hanging out of my house putting
putting on top of chicken nugget and
then like the cake appears oh that's the
future Bill Gates the computer thing is
cute but can you work on that alright
let's take a big ol bite let's get some
frosting Oh whoo and solonius oh god oh
god oh no
ah hey here we go I literally like can't
smell
my nose is stuffed up and I can still
fucking smell this here we go ah I can't
be able pregnant ladies more strong you
are better than me I just inhaled
chocolate cake I chicken nugget of your
level you are on a whole nother level
like you and your unborn babies are here
and me and my stomach full of chili
booger down here and like I'll probably
give birth birth but you're still better
than me that looks fuckin atrocious that
was awful I hated that alright we have
two more items this next one okay this
next food I want to do this this is
cottage cheese and Special K I don't
even think what it ladies you can eat
whatever you want like you're so lucky
like you could literally go through a
drive-thru and be like oh hi could you
give me one of reading that people will
be like oh she's pregnant that's cute
when I do what is the problem
but like this why all right let's do
this I don't have a spoon by me so I'm
just going to use my fingers which by
the way once again if your pregnant lady
it's cute when you're me is to cry for
help
alright here we go that's good I get it
that's great see I know ladies you want
me back also I always thought I'd choose
an awesome I was wrong this is good this
is like a nice little break from the
crazy this would be like watching like
some of my videos and it's like a law
and then you go and you watch like or
without a pen see no video and it's like
a break and then you come back and I'm
like no and it's a lot again but like
you love me anyways no okay
another class one I can't say I'm doing
this but I'm only doing it because
pregnant ladies do it and I won't be
like that you know I already have the
body type what it says that pregnant
ladies craves catsuit that was only
pregnant website when they were talking
about their craving and they all said
captured listen I'm not here to judge
I'm here to join so pregnant ladies
let's pop on our belly
all right here we go I change my ah
I mean it's captain you know I mean like
why am I surprised this is for cat and
cat don't get me started
cats are fucking evil I have to have and
they are fucking evil
of course we we eat something like this
something to keep their evil bodies
going like what would it even eat this
uh okay let's go down this place ah why
I feel like I should eat it like a cat
you know I mean just like kind of it all
right here we go now I feel like that
was a sentence for somebody and you're
welcome we're that tastes like cat I
didn't explain it that literally tastes
like a cat like I've never eaten the cat
thought about it but that's his right
one I don't know why I know that Angela
effect
I have eaten the cat I just didn't
remember it that is so weird
if he's like a cat breath but you know
when you're trying to get your cat like
lick your tongue see feel touch it is
just like that except for it doesn't
like bite you at the end of it and
screaming run away the cats love me
no that's disgusting but you know we're
together no judgment like pregnant
ladies if you want to eat cat food if
you want to eat nugget covered in
pudding if you want to eat an onion
chocolate cake you can do that you know
why because you are a miracle worker you
are creating something inside of you you
know what I'm creating inside of me
issues so go on with your bad no big
pregnant
be strong be proud and keep eating
everything I wish I could by God that
was me trying pregnancy craving food I
don't know if you liked it please give
me a thumbs up please please I feel like
I deserve it I'll be sure to subscribe
my channel design make new videos every
fucking day and make sure to turn on
that fucking notification bell thing I
don't know and if you want some more
videos to be trying weird food I tried
food that serial killer Z and then I
threw that you eat in jail I'll put a
link to a playlist or a sub
inscriptional hi to little pregnant
Queens I will see you tomorrow
sorry Oh God
oh my god oh my god oh my god take this
bed do you actually stop that's good
care fuck
