hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what's this buff but
I've never watched an action movie and
thought to yourself wow that's not
believable pretty sure you can't jump 40
stories and survive yeah roll through
the fire that's going to fucking work
well looks like I did a couple weeks ago
with horror movies make sure to check
out that video there if you haven't
already for today's what the supplies
will be coming down five things that
action movies taught us number one bad
guys have the worst fucking age he would
be in the middle of a warehouse with 50
dudes shooting fully automatic rifles at
you and as long as you're the main
character everything will be fine
isn't that me dude I can't shoot this
guy I'm putting my sight straight Adam
and he's just running around karate
chopping people in slow motion
it doesn't specially true if you're a
stormtrooper and you're trying to hit a
Jedi but I just don't even understand
why they try anymore it's not going to
happen
best-case scenario you're going to shoot
and it might get to them and it'll just
deflect and hit one of your best friends
so it's cute it's going to lose no
matter what well so like where do the
main villains even get henchmen and why
do they all have that a yes hello I
wanted to take over the world and blow
up a small continent and I was wondering
if there was any assholes there they
wanted to help me yeah we had fun and
they're all rushing for somebody he's a
very bad guy in will be thrashing
perfect and do they all have atrocious
name of course great this is going to go
perfectly number two you can always
escape an explosion as long as you jump
away from the blast doesn't matter how
close the explosion is or how large just
know that as long as you jump preferably
in slow motion away from it you'll be
fine guys the only movie that I know
where this doesn't happen is the other
guys where they actually make fun of
that fact oh my god walk away baby
sounds like they would explode behind
man there's no way
oh god bullshit on that in action movies
is obviously an important thing that
elements that just glue the audience to
the screen and a 1000 s Abul explosion
that causes your eardrums to explode
usually does the trick
especially because explosions happen a
lot in apps movies and hardly ever in
real life like I've never once seen an
explosion in my entire life which just
made me realize that my life obviously
is in an action movie so much is it's
one of those like really sad drama
stories where nothing good happens
and it just dies really sad and alone
wow that sounds like a great movie let's
go watch that so just remember if you
see an explosion you have one a few
options slowly walk away from it while
looking off in the distance or jump away
from it preferably in slow motion maybe
do one of these things you'll more than
likely survive and this one again only
really applies to if you're a good guy
because if you're a bad guy somehow the
explosion will kill all of your men plus
people that weren't even there somehow
my sister and Rosco excused from this
tiny bomb in America maybe you shouldn't
have been a bad guy man clearly and also
a more good news for good guys involved
when defusing the bomb it doesn't matter
which wire you cut because all of them
will do the exact same thing and they'll
also all the color-coded wires number
three the main villain always talks just
an inordinate amount of time before he
actually killed you but someone that you
know in your life right now that just
talked way too much I thought you know
that they're obviously the main villain
of your life it could be your mom your
sister whoever it is now you know to
watch out right now I'm the main villain
because I never shut the fuck up and
fortunately I'm not dressed for the part
one second there we go now I just need
to adopt a sinister laugh because the
one I have right now would not cut it
and that is why I must kill you
hahaha but then you can be tied to a
chair with death all of the certain but
as long as you're speaking to the main
villains you'll probably talk to you for
about two and a half years can't you see
why I'm doing this I want to make the
world a theme park with many bouncy
cuddles
why don't you see who and I have so much
in life imagine what we could do
together so that's how I got that scar
the next one and then he was like no way
do I like get bitch and that's why Back
to the Future 2 is obviously better than
the first one luckily he'll talk for so
long but your backup will arrive just in
time or you'll somehow be able to get
out of these shit early tied ropes
behind your back damn it where you going
I have to tell you about the time that I
was dragged while I was whitewater
rafting so all you villains out there
your greatest nemesis is in your
clutches just fucking kill up just right
there boom and you went save you the
trouble
save then the trouble of having to
listen to your entire plan before it's
keeping and it gives you another thing
to quote about while you play evil golf
in your evil golf course pepper for
shaking the camera a lot will make
everything more exciting and probably
any fast-paced action movie you've ever
seen whether there's something crazy
going on you probably witnessed the use
of a shaky camera even though
is actually shaking just to make the
movie more exciting and also to give you
motion sickness so you remember the
movie better
I wonder if this tactic could be applied
in real life you witness a random street
bike instead of breaking it up why not
spice it up yourself and get your head
all up in there and move your head in
every possible direction making sure to
get as close as possible and hey if you
get punched in the face
who cares you're just becoming part of
the action also on a more positive side
would be two people that were fighting
see you coming really close to them
shaking your head violently they'll
probably be really weirded out and stop
fighting what are you doing I'm making
this an action movie in my head
Yeah right for me and that my friend is
one simple thing you can do to make your
life more exciting disclaimer I'm not
responsible for any harm that might come
to you for shoving your things in the
middle of the street but that must be
why I don't have just a ton of you I
have to shake the camera board duh hey
what's up guys every fun video so
exciting to watch
I'm totally subscribe yeah like that'll
ever happen if there was a thing YouTube
taught us video it would be you must
have a British accent to gain any
subscribers and if you're an American
you'll get negative amounts of
subscribers finally at number five
you'll always win an epic fight as long
as you say a cheesy line before
delivering the punch and it gates the
cheesier the better stuff like awesome
I'll be stuck baby or I never miss or
you punched your last ticket amigo just
make sure that whatever it is you say
doesn't make any sense it makes you
cringe when you say it I'll have what
she's having
that's big time Satan takes my justice
fuck la this is why I add my final piece
of advice make sure to practice your
one-liners before facing any bad guys
because coming up with something clever
to say when you're in the middle of
fighting someone is probably pretty hard
but if you're fighting a dude and you're
about to win right now what would you
think exactly because for me it would
not be clever I probably just say
something dumb about how bad is eyebrows
look that did not know is the last one
liner before the hero win I may have
lost my fabric view that leaks I don't
have a fucking eyebrows thank you thank
you you can send my ostrich my pedo box
address below that is it for this
episode of what the fuck five I didn't
Utley talk about the subject all day but
just for a couple more things if you're
an action started 100% of the time have
a hot girlfriend don't ever worry about
running out of ammo like even if your
magazine only holds like six bullets you
can somehow fire 70 before needing to
reload also shooting
car no matter where we'll make it
explode instantly and if you're a cop
you have to be suspended from duty to
actually solve the case
yeah that's dissipation so hopefully you
guys enjoyed this video though if you
did make sure to give it a like and also
subscribe to this channel as there will
be more every single week all the guys
I'm hoping really soon too makes them
once a five and what about the news
merch but I meantime make sure to check
out all of the verse that I have on my
store right now really awesome stuff
that I put up there recently so yeah
check it out yeah I don't think there's
anything else I need to tell you I
wanted to like sound important right now
and if I feel like oh yeah check out a
podcast and I'm doing all these things
I'm really not I'm just a dude in his
basement pretty much so yeah that's it
guys we'll see you next time for another
wonderful five thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
