hey many guys yes welcome to my dog
fucking hates me episode 1 got it oh god
oh god he hates it huh oh my god
what does it collab yes today we're
going to be trying animal products dog
products I don't fucking know literally
God literally late bye don't please be a
part of daddy's way I have shoes
don't you want you to know don't you
want a brand deal that's by the way
check out who knows Instagram is I know
Dawson where you'll see pictures of him
hating me okay perfect he loves it
you're loving you know that it's not
animal abuse I'm giving him gift and
first we're giving him the gift of a
property no costume okay so this is an
actual fucking property no oh I'm sorry
Papagena and it looks awful oh my god
all the havoc with little drop off with
whipped cream on it she and hey whit
look literally wants to be anywhere else
oh no come on don't want to be a
property no no you're never gonna get a
brand deal if you don't work with the
brand oh oh dad are you gonna put it on
him
oh no this is sad maybe this is a bad
view I don't know if I like it
oh no he hates this she has all pricing
comes backwards here is moronic hey puto
that's harvick capelet oh look he's
smiling he's fightin he loves it
see he's just like dad like he doesn't
like getting close because he's a
pitiful fit but then once he gets in any
field slide dad doesn't ever feel like
that by the way I never feels like oh my
god wait can you is that oh my god
Oh nobody fits it looks like a constant
oh oh oh my god oh my god oh my god take
a snip
do you actually stop it good careful oh
my god oh no oh my god she's a secret
menu item oh my god this is my favorite
video ever it started off well yeah
oh god this is time for my video not
later Oh clicks if you know oh my god
actual kris kardashian fucking hits
while we're doing costumes we also have
in this costume oh my god
the UPS delivery for consistent who
knows don't you want to be a delivery
person he's like I want to be the Box I
want to be taken somewhere else
it doesn't mean a dress bitch throw me
off a cliff I'm right okay oh my god oh
so good a jungle Hannah Oh
oh my god oh my god has 2000 ha ha ha I
don't get it what are those - those be
armed they look hot dogs oh my god ha ha
finally her take a little person oh my
God look at you he has prison as a way
too excited to deliver and hey he's
doing this baby run oh he loves friends
like his daddy
oh my gosh okay wait Cece shake shake we
depend he's kicking up Oh cute can you
imagine at the UPS car just gave you his
foot Oh goals okay so this next thing is
a toy and it's a mouse with grills so
when you know chews on it you look like
a rapper
come on teachable oh my god oh my god
wait oh my god wait good fuck so close
oh my god up almost got it but no stop
licking the balls invited okay oh oh
Eddy boards balls me we try to get the
balls in his mouth oh well it's like an
old person we can't keep their dentures
over here well why can't you have
glasses so much easier when he was a
puppet Gino this is job cologne which
I'm already wearing naturally I'm also
wearing jogging mouthwashes just met
with my ass okay so this is real this
was on Amazon and it's actually perfumed
for dog it says do not spray directly in
dog's face or his private areas it
should also say do not use because dogs
don't fucking name personal I know it
this is not dark review this is
literally like re bottled bath and body
perfume this is what my mom uses to
cover up her shit I used to use this in
high school on my armpit because I was
afraid of deodorant it meant I was
turning to a man and I wasn't ready for
that life come it is explainable it
doesn't say on the back you can't blow
torch it BRB ok so I can't find my
blowtorch that's scary
so I'm going to use matches can you go
help me light up this perfume honestly
when you're mourning your penis lid I'll
go to the dog house all gales going ok
so I'm going to light this match and
then you spray this ready
maybe spray it light away from my face
for gonna keep you to work woo you know
this is what daddy's working looks like
today in college we got all the pork
hold on let me light like fine it's
scary that who knows like watch like you
didn't leave the room he's like I'm
gonna seize it he's like I want to see
my daddy's bird so today don't know ok
let's do it
1 2 3
that was good but I think we can get
bigger one two three whoa Oh after
lighting things with a blowtorch is this
kind of impact but it smells very toxic
okay next because I want him to be lit
just like his daddy I have a like a
fucking harness how does it work oh oh
my god oh my god
wait this is really incredible just a
second oh my god
oh you really hate me let's go outside
but you look like outside come on the
particle is kind of absence great
because now I can see him really running
away from me in the dark
come on a No outside he really is like
his dad he's like what's that food out
there oh good wait whoa no come here oh
no come on little if I got one of those
we work together you know we'd be the
lit fam if you could talk I'm sure you'd
say go home if you could talk you'd also
say oh oh come on
oh my job coming home from the rave like
all right I don't know that's it we're
gonna think had a lot of fun good shoot
fun day come back any time
ooh I have this this is like a treat
launcher and just work okay I figures
out one two three
that was fun okay when I ready one two
three
okay what's the point of this I don't
know ready if they both hate me
sipping his tea all right one two three
fun game says wow that was great
okay the last thing I thought I'm
actually really excited about this
because it's going to torture me as well
this is John cake mix and job frosting
what also I'm going to eat it like all
of it okay so I have the cake and the
frosting can we make this not following
the aggression stick are you gonna do
this light pack style and make it in a
mug so I have this monger looks just
like below and it's great because I can
get close to it does bite me mix in here
so I'm just pouring in the cake mix now
he's going to add some water I'm going
to mix it up and then I'm going to put
it in the microwave
see what happens now I'm gonna make the
frosting so I'm just going to put it in
this cup and mix it some water and this
should work
perfect that looks delicious that's
gonna make my dog like me even less oh
my god umm she made a soup Lane ah this
is amazing
Gordon Ramsay would be very impressed
bitch she didn't even fall he would
rather have water than this Oh No look
what that made look what he made you
yeah now you're over it okay so that's
the cake so now let's just pour on the
frosting ooh
I don't think that was supposed to
happen hmm
alright you know ready for dessert okay
here we go
make sure it's not too hot okay it's not
very hot my daddy's going to taste it
first actually does not look bad like I
definitely had worse I mean it's
definitely breathing and throwing up so
currently I hear ya
is actually good business it was good oh
my god oh my god he's gonna love it
you can't find me love me no come on
come on food kind of maybe questionable
okay take a bye oh my god oh my god is
he gonna he's like uh what I'll do that
fucking Gordon Ramsay he's like it wha
no come on it's good daddy tasted it he
liked it
come on look look it's like real cake oh
god don't get that close it's like a
cake soup don't dogs love that I'm a
doing it grab whatever dad you need all
I feel and that's not even a joke it's
actually fucking good and I'm going to
get on the floor need it come on you're
not playing daddy oh fuck cut what is my
life No
why not go hopefully you enjoyed me
playing with daughter toys my dog didn't
and I promise we're good parents and you
know actually does love us he just
doesn't love the camera when the cameras
off he's like hanging out playing with
us like won't stop looking up but he
literally like wasn't or helps but he'll
use this little arm and he's like
hugging us like that how much you love
that sometimes to show us how much you
love us stupid shit in our bed like
you'll just take a huge donkey sighs
shit reg ray sleep so love that cranky
hopefully you enjoyed this video I'm so
sweaty I need to go human video a thumbs
up if you liked it subscribe to my
channel write down below and turn on
notifications because I make new videos
every fucking day and I will see you
little dog treats tomorrow you later bye
I had a girl in high school tell me
you're like my fat gay friend
and I was like I'm not gay and she goes
what I hear is just like my friends so
taking me back
