yes okay it is like 1:00 in the morning
right now I had to run downstairs and
grab my camera I'm having a moment I am
feeling a lot of things cheeto is shook
actually he doesn't care he literally
doesn't even know I exist
so me and Rylan were laying in bed and
we somehow came across this random
YouTube channel of this girl who was
singing covers I think the way we got
there was because we were watching a
Jacob sartorius video don't ask and she
did a cover of a Jacob sartorius song
and she had like 100 views on it and
when I watched it I literally got out of
my bed ran downstairs Rylan has no idea
that I'm filming him I was so inspired
and so fucking shulk that i grabbed my
camera and I'm like iiiii I like I need
to know more about her I need to find
her I need to look so crazy I need to
get in my car I need to find her no I
just had to grab my camera I had to get
this moment because I wanted it real I
think I found a fucking star and
literally Scooter Braun but not at all
please Jesus okay guess what
well we literally just found the next
Taylor Swift Avril Lavigne Tessa Brooks
I'm gonna find that little girl I'm
gonna bring her to our house I'm
inspired right now my boys just crash
she's 12
no here's what I need to do I need to go
through somebody else like I need to
like hit up what's that girl like jojo's
Ubu ski I need to say hey Jojo with the
bow and be like become friends with this
girl and then hook me up no
there's a lot of little girls and we
don't have that much time we need to
focus wait where the fuck is my Apple TV
run quick angry here's my plan okay this
is why I'm doing this okay I feel like
there's not a young girl right now who's
super relatable and real and talented
and not a makeup hair nails like this
little girl I've only seen one video of
her but like if I was 12
this bitch would be my queen she's only
that Queen out of 30 so basically like
this generations Avril Lavigne yes I
love Avril Lavigne when I was a kid I've
really been was my hero and I feel like
there's no Avril right now there's no
girl to look up to who's like real and
genuine and looks like maybe they don't
shower that much and I'm not judging I'm
relating I love her but you know what
before we get too far let's watch a few
more videos and actually decide whether
or not she has the talent and the star
quality okay where is my Apple TV remote
okay I found it was in my bus I didn't
even say her name her name is Sophia
pakora I might have said that wrong but
it doesn't matter we're gonna change my
name anyways just gonna stand and watch
me
she's so fucking good she's so fucking
good she's the girl I'm sure oh my god
oh my god okay wait wait here's the
thing it okay let me do one more let me
do another one wait she did lose
yourself okay lose yourself is one of my
favorite songs of all time I'm nervous
well I mean if she could sell this like
she could come over I'm sold
this has this this only has 400 views I
just literally am going to fucking jump
through that mirror that's how shocked I
am right now
hashtag earthquake in LA bitch did you
feel it this is the moment like when
Asher discovered Justin Bieber and usher
who by the way why was he looking at
videos of Justin Bieber but why am I
looking at videos of a little girl but
this is the moment I'm Usher
without the herpe scandal I need to see
her range sings first time say all the
words and sang I'm tired of the way that
these things oh my god the way that
things between you know bitch give me a
rhyme
give me a rap house working for me only
chic my sunken to the mast is back and
my poem for the few that look at me to
Commission within amis
your body can be message believed I have
to go I have to leave cheedo I have to
go we're leaving we're finding this girl
I don't care where she is we're finding
her we're getting on a plane
I'm getting my tickets rightly pack your
bag
I'm taking my bag of trash I'm taking my
wooden snowman I'm taking I broke him
but it's fine all afford a new one when
I make some money off this bitch okay
sorry I'm back okay
oh my god okay next step next step
you're my cameraman we're finding her on
Twitter how's my light what the hell's
her name there's sodium hora we're gonna
call her Sophie P I'm rebranding if
she's not following me she might not be
okay please be following me please be
following me please be following me
okay I think I found her but her account
is managed by her parent her parent
might just not know I'm following the 14
is she's 14 14 year old singer rapper
musician yes
um um this is her performing fucking a
rap God by Eminem this is not a joke do
you think this is a joke no you think
this is a joke do you think this is a
joke do you think this is a damn joke
cuz bitch I don't this is what I don't
think this is you can I be real for a
second please
I get these feelings very very rarely
where I find somebody and I say oh my
god that is the fucking star and I am
going to do everything I can to make
this happen because I think the world
needs her that sounds crazy but the
world needs the world little girls and
little boys need that I need that in my
life I need a little girl who looks like
rock and cool and whatever it doesn't
give a fuck and she's singing and
rapping on the street for strangers and
like are you kidding me right now okay
I'm sorry do it publicly tweet if you
tweet now somebody else might get to her
first
oh my god you're right scooter is on my
ass she isn't its rim oh my god her
Instagram it's going to it looks like
Garrett had a kid oh my god oh my god oh
my god she literally is Garrett's kid
she's standing in front of fucking a
Harry Potter trade oh my god I just
realized what she actually is though
what a mix of Garrett injury oh my god
did you laying in money she's mine
alright what do I do joint email do I do
this is so weird what do I say hey I'm a
youtuber and I
came across your daughter your
fourteen-year-old daughter at 2:00 a.m.
and I'm filming it right now we're in
bed
my boyfriend's naked isn't creepy
what would scooter do he would fly there
let me find her address with Wikipedia
she looks like she lives in the middle
of nowhere no she like has rich parents
in California you think so yeah
definitely
can they adopt me alright here's what
we're gonna do here's the plan I am
going to tweet email Instagram message
Facebook message find her information on
Wikipedia and possibly send her a letter
and then I'll give you an update in the
morning but before we go to bed I'm not
gonna say it one more time what where is
my fucking Apple TV robot where it's
sweet wearing it where is it on your
bedside table wait where I left it we're
gonna end this with where it all began
which is Sofia pakora Jacob Sartorius no
music
I don't know how you made this week a
shadowy no music with no music I don't
know how you make the room starts
spinning house you do it wait for back
to it believe me feel the song cause I I
just wanna make sure you told me but
make sure you see would be never long
she's literally down alright we're going
to bed
Sofia we're coming for you were coming
for you please somebody answer my email
okay update it is now 3:00 in the
morning
I sent her an Instagram DM then I went
to her Twitter and I tweeted her to
check her Instagram via I'm gonna be on
drama alert so I'm back on her channel
and I was trying to find out more about
her and I found like a Q&A I don't I
don't have a favorite instrument I mean
they're all good guitar super fun I've
been playing that the longest I think
I'm the most comfortable with guitar cuz
I've just been playing that for so long
it's not a specific thing I do I just
kind of feel the music feel the song and
I just make it up and it's just super
fun to just play around the guitar I'm
just super comfortable with it you know
that moment where you see like an old
video of a celebrity like before they
were famous and they were like playing
around when they're a kid I think I just
found that like that's the feeling I get
I just want to get some originals out
because I think originals it's
definitely a key to be like an artist
and I think if I do do my own concert
again then I definitely want to perform
more originals this this is one of those
moments where I know it's meant to be
and I know like the universe is making
this happen the fact that she just said
that she wants to do an original song
and she wants to perform an original
song is what this video is now going to
be Sofia I'm going to find you you were
going to write me back we are gonna make
an original song we're gonna have you
perform it live I'm so excited I
literally am shaking this feels so weird
and magical I am so happy right now or
I'm delusional 3:00 a.m. she did
Hamilton and every day my ladies were
being slaughtered and carted away across
the waves the struggle they kept his
guard up inside he was longing for
something to be a part of his father was
ready to beg steal our opponent and a
hurricane came in his toughest station
rain our main sighs future trip tripping
down the drain but a pencil to his
temple connect II the two was praying
then he wrote his first refrain and
testament to his pain the word got
around they say this kid is
amen topical collection just to send it
to the main man it's your education
don't forget for what she came and the
world's gonna know your name what's your
name man Alexander Hamilton my name is
Alexander Hamilton and there's a million
things I haven't done
just you wait just you wait I need to go
to bed this fucking girl didn't ground
I feel something that made me feel
something holy fuck
all right okay I want to go to bed
hopefully when I wake up she or her dad
or whoever has written me back because
one day they are all gonna know your
name girl just like you said in that
song
Sophia pick Cara yeah still don't know
the name yet but okay do you remember
last night how I had a almost mental
breakdown because of a little girl that
can sing yeah well do you remember that
I tweeted her DM her Instagram to her
message her on every platform yeah she
replied okay oh my god she said hey
what's going well I'm not know at the
moment but I have been traveling there
born more recently so if there's a
reason I to go I can thank you Shane
this is such an amazing surprise oh my
god oh my god
my daughter's coming alright so is that
her her mom I don't know but it doesn't
matter what do I do
I just don't really understand what
you're gonna do her make a song with her
she raps I saying you could do
background mmm never mind that's
cancelled this is gonna be everything
all right okay let's do it we're doing
it all right
that's me right now I'm thirsty for
talent me when I'm an agent
name another manager I'm thirsty oh now
we have two children my fake son and my
fake daughter both of which have actual
hair
get rid of them oh I hope this goes well
I hope she's nice what if she's an
asshole if she is then she's your
daughter we'll see what happens
just you wait just you wait do you
remember the link I sent you a little
while ago of the little girl singing and
rapping so I am having her come here to
the house to make a song with me you
drew and Ryland she's on her way I'm
really really nervous here give me the
star
