have the guys yes I am very late on this
trend and that's because I'm scared now
listen I know I am not like the most
Mashable person unlike the guy you
married after you fucked everybody like
once your pussy or dick I don't
discriminate is like tired and worn and
you just need like a nice soft body to
die on that may God have avoided all of
these naturopaths videos because I know
it is just going to well break me but I
thought it might be fun if I ask well
ruin myself companies with you guys just
the let's do it okay I'm going to type
in smash 4 path Shane Dawson Oh God ok
alright we're going to start with
somebody named princess Jules I love
that considering I'm kingship person
Shane Dawson Oh
a head apologizing sister oh my god that
picture I won page who Shane Austin
Smith fancy for a change
great content you're funny you're
amazing whoo this is a tinder date that
I've been you're like so fucking funny
like lol lol oh and I love roflcopter
but like I would rather not cocked er
that dick I like the way of my copter on
Martin boy super cute but I feel like I
hurt you like that very much
those fucking I don't I got Shane have a
very rich baby face is adorable come in
time you listen about masculine Edward
shizzle well girl I am all this faith
has a road mark but maybe not for me the
Kamikaze rejected just walk the other
way
I know that sound effect yeah that made
another girl thank you for that little
flute sound I'm good now okay so these
next people are Duane and Jeff I know
them they react to my videos all the
time I love them he's wearing a hat like
me like I feel like this is going to be
a smash I both of them and I'm ready I
hope that we thought and build it and
they react to it and it's just 30
seconds of them throwing up I had a girl
in high school tell me you're like my
fat gay friend and I was like I'm not
gay she goes woman you're just like my
friend so it was taking me back is that
he's not gonna answer why is he looking
again you know he would smack me we be
hidden tips okay this is kindly Amanda
first of all love the aesthetic
I love the eight bottles of alcohol
behind them hopefully they are drunk
that will help my case god I'm going to
die okay all right let's keep going it's
like he's in my head saying myself
hi
she would never touch me bitch I'm
drowning right like a daikon I'm in the
hotel pool I'm fucking drowning she's
the only one there and she's like but
I'd have to touch you though
like she can't even touch me oh my god
she's like in between just like me here
but I like working days but who's in the
bathroom
hold on real quick can you zoom into
that background isn't the garage is
there a dead person in their house that
they don't know about also why is there
like a children with dollhouse behind
them who are these people
also why do they think I'm crazy I don't
get it change often
it was a strange attraction just you
know why does it have to be strange
you're acting like I'm related to you at
this strange attraction to my dog like
it's wrong but I need it like when first
people ever watch on YouTube please like
whatever big bull that like coaches get
them stop behaving that's triggering
worth living like should they usually
not yeah oh okay yes yes I got a bad is
that my first much no wait the other
girl's mouth but she said she'd only
smashed me when she was 13 so that's the
story of my life
because she boss excuse me yeah I scare
her okay you know what a girl I get it
she's like he is a serial killer also
girl you have stickers on your wall like
I'm not trying to clock a serial killer
but that's a serial killer move stopping
girl you first of all we have the same
long game better not ask me were
obviously the same person we even know
the same setup look literally hook the
table the lamp the couch well here's a
painting of outside and I just have my
blinds down the world of a oh I don't
like that it's take you this long
standing and watching these videos in
like wow wow this is on what he likes
billfold
I want videos whatever size they stand
for a long time but still act like me
and change and have like a very funny
experience for this do you know what I'm
not going to lie I have as funny text
and it's hilarious the second they see
my penis is just a giggle festival ever
you know you're in there whatever it is
he's looking serious you know like he's
being a very much money guy very
friendly you know but we should be fine
really
this is like when you don't like
somebody and you're talking yourself
into having sex with them because you're
lonely you're like you know alas my
teeth creepy and has a history of mental
illness is nothing um and he lives in
his van and he has been on death row
before and he got off but I guess he
could be cookie so I you guys might get
murdered but like maybe he'll murder dot
yeah and then you get murdered
Ricky you should pass with me never
relax
only two different people may have
experience will be like amazing like
Whoopi you know what these blows oh ever
yeah no I feel like yeah like if you try
it now it's just like you know crime on
the chain you know have to happen it is
every six but Jesus tried it it's a
potential no transsexual so we're just
trying it the first person that I have
this list is Shane Johnson
I was passed on smashing Shane topic but
I would hate Alan if I would be trying
to do so unfortunately this video is not
massively friends it's a sure path but I
would have to say smash I only get
smashed
witnesses wonder witnesses mistake a
shot re that face though it is okay your
for doing cuz of that hue color
Principate you made that was okay she
says match but she said has an accident
but the way she so excitedly said past
was a trigger yeah
he's the winner of the day kudos to you
North Face
Osanai watching for very long on nothing
but she's awfully handsome
that was math a hundred percent oh yes
yeah yes Justin daily yeah a bit that
you know what stop I'm going to edit
that's what you end it on a hundred and
ten verses and maybe that'll make up for
all the 0.0% but I'm not in this video
hey I was me huh making me uh well hate
myself more I'm kidding I did it it's
all just a game
what a fun game it is ah well see you
guys later
no I'm just kidding that was fun
hopefully you guys enjoyed that
I didn't kind of making this video
thumbs up it's time to do it don't look
at me - because every day and yes I'm
sick and this didn't help alright so as
Dean is the serial killer who is fucking
terrifying energy yeah he would cut
people up and turn them into object
that's really why my god how there's
like what is loaded rotor yeah that's
like I've been to Gabi joke
