testicles anal itching burning pee whoo
and I think I know
would you like three to chew and I
thought yeah yeah Cara Maria is it
gonorrhea you are good hey was it the
guys yes today we're going to be doing
some more conspiracy theories and
today's exciting because we have
something very different we have one
conspiracy that is about already it's
bad leader on the video first we're
going to be talking about Beyonce's
twins and whether or not they are the
new leaders of the Illuminati so we've
talked about this whole Beyonce and
jay-z being the leaders of the
Illuminati thing before and a lot of
fears believe that mainly because
they've shown science and music videos
and it pictures they've done devil horns
they done 666 over their eyes and also
they are super crazy famous and very
very influential
now we also giving birth to the new
leader of the Illuminati is and not
something new people are talking about
this back when she gave birth the blue
eyes and there's a couple really creepy
clues for that this first one being the
creepiest supposedly Blue Ivy's mean
backwards is also a Latin name for the
daughter of Satan and backward
tournaments fueled ease now people also
think her name is an acronym for
something very creepy blue I born living
under evil Illuminati's very youngest so
then Beyonce recently came out and said
she was pregnant with twins this also
will give her a total of three children
and the number three is a huge deal in
the Illuminati the very worshiped
another now they also worship time
numbers for example 3 5 7 11 13 and so
now these numbers are very worship and
they also come up a lot in certain
events any time there's a big world
event you'll probably notice
that there are some prime numbers int
for example she released her pregnancy
picture on February 1st of 2017 and that
date is filled with numbers now a lot of
theories things that the twins are going
to be the next leaders of the Illuminati
to some of their evidence and points
kind of makes sense for example twins
have a lot of powers they can read each
other's minds they can feel each of
these energies and they have a bond that
can never be broken now Jay Z and
Beyonce who are supposedly current
leaders in the Illuminati has had a
rocky history and she's written
something about him with possible
infidelity I mean they'd have their
share of problems and they're still
together and that's great but this is
going to be the next leaders of the
Illuminati there can be no way that you
split up because if you split up
non-stop so what better way to make sure
you can split than if you're really I
mean just imagine twins taking guarding
Illuminati's staying something near each
other stop they can give the fights but
they'll never break up because they have
that twin bond
so since Beyonce's announced that she
was pregnant with twins it kind of seems
like she's going crazy on symbolism can
a lot of it looks very Illumina for
example in her Grammy performance and
she was dressed up in this gold outfit
with this crown and a lot of theories of
is she look like the Illuminati goddess
Isis funny thing that happened at the
Grammys that people think was loominatee
related was the fact that that girl
literally refuse to accept that award
and she was like I am getting half of
this to Beyonce now a lot of people
thought well oh she just you know
respects Beyonce thinks that lemonade
was probably a better album and some
people think that she was afraid to win
against her and also might have done it
kind of sacrifice some kind of gift this
might have been Adele's way getting into
the allowed because if you remember
damage with the demanding sign here
getting humiliated by Kanye was her
offering and Adele excusing to accept
reward answer but speaking of the
Grammys can be period performance to and
there was a little bit ie shit going on
supposedly in that performance but
before we even get to that this next one
was kind of sloppy up now as you guys
know Katy Perry just came out that new
song to change the rhythm and I heard it
for the first time I was like really hit
by the word but I didn't put together
that it was a political song I thought
it was a song about you know our culture
and the fact that every living on
Instagram snapchat and not actually
enjoying life well then a theory came
out that said that it's not about either
postings it's actually Katy Perry's way
of saying that she lost you freak out
for the Illuminati okay so let's talk
about evidence first look at the cover
arts for this you can see she's doing it
was 666 with her hands over her eyes
which is a very common Illuminati
symptom okay so now that we're kind of
thinking about the fact that maybe she
wants to break out of the Illuminati we
should listen to these lyrics and tell
me it isn't fucking creepy I mean kind
of sounds like you're right like the
fact that she is changed to this music
in some kind of a contract the fact that
she's not free can't do what she wants
because you know Nadia is probably
telling her what to do and maybe her and
all four other pop star friends are
changed through their music again I
don't know I mean here's a number back
like a few months ago which are
separating Spears and how she tried to
release this album at the record label
knew nothing about and it was about her
long to break free and feelin controlled
and feeling you know chained to her
music and now Katy Perry's doing the
same thing and then the fact that Katy
Perry was referencing great Spears
mental breakdown
carpet at the Grammys and she was
excited that she hasn't lost her mind
and she had her head yet maybe she
doesn't want the same thing to happen
her and I have been pretty and maybe
that's why she's trying to make out the
Illuminati Lane so now it's brought by
her grandeur performance now there was a
lot going on and a lot of people picking
up she was doing the devil horns she was
doing this 666 over her eyes but one
thing she did that really kind of like
made a lot didn't notice was as she was
walking around the fence lightning came
and it struck her very similar to the
way that Lucifer heard the devil was
struck by lightning in heaven and it
made him fall well right after TV on
struck by lightning she was in fire
which is how or maybe Katy Perry song is
religious about politics and maybe we're
all crazy anyone and that brings us to
our next conspiracy which is Donald
Trump actually does not want to be
President and is trying to get fired so
this is something we've talked about
before the fact that Donald Trump
possibly didn't even want to be
President I only did it because you
wanted to be more famous he thought for
sure Hillary would win and then she just
walk away the more famous well then he
won and it is pretty clear that he is
overwhelmed as anybody would be for
recently one of his longtime friends
Howard Stern talked about it on the
radio and said a few things have made
people question whether or not Donald
actually wants to be Prince
first of all he said that Trump always
supported Hillary back in the day all
right
he was always a Democrat and he was
pro-abortion but now all the sudden
Trump has changed his mind on everything
same she he also thinks that the real
reason that Trump ran for president was
that he could get more famous so they
get more money from NBC for he should be
approached just check out this clever
palette on I think it started out as
like kind of like a cool kind of fun
thing to do in order to get a couple
more bucks at NBC firstly Apprentice he
also thinks that the whole Trump is
asking for more investigations on voter
fraud because he wanted to be revealed
that maybe there was and Hillary did and
that's why Donald is calling for voter
fraud investigation he's pissed he won
he didn't want his vote take it away
yeah he wants he still want Hillary
Clinton would he's so fucking pissed
he's hoping he can find some voter
brought in handed over a lot of dears
think that this is why the whole child
is doing so many like pretty intense
things as president so early on I mean
the Muslim and wall there's a few things
that people have been pretty pissed
about and maybe he knows that and maybe
he's trying to impeach because it does
not want to beat but me a little bit not
II would never let that happen
thank you I don't know that what I don't
know if I really believe it but okay so
this next theory is something that I
wanted to talk about for a while but
I've been a little nervous because I
don't know how it's intense it's very
very intense that is the theory that
schools are trying to make kids differ
all right so first let's talk about why
schools would do this
theories think that schools are trying
to make it dumber so they grow up and
they're weak and they're dumb and they
have no defense skills and they can be
very easily manipulated and have their
minds easily control and here's excuse
the ways that they do number one they
think that the water in all the schools
have more fluoride in than the nori now
fluoride is something that's in all
water pretty much but there's a theory
that fluoride is actually part of the
government's plan to control our lives
and the more that you having a body each
your you only control so in schools they
think that all the water challenges
about bowl number two the food is the
worst school food is insanely awful and
unhealthy and does not help kids grow up
or become strong it literally just makes
them weak tired and not ready to fight
number three there's no subject in
school that can help you in like dire
situations there's no you know survival
subject
they don't teach you how to survive if
there's like a huge catastrophe
you don't learn self defense you don't
learn how to like make fires you're in
the middle of nowhere and maybe that's
because they watching and this last one
is crazy I hadn't no idea this was the
thing and then when I started falling
down the hole and researching it I could
not believe it now there was a new law
passed that teachers have to teach their
students something called Common Core
math now Common Core math is a new way
teaching us that is fucking confusing
and literally is making kids dumber so
let me explain basically they take a
problem like eight plus five and instead
of just saying 13 or instead of just
counting with your fingers it's pretty
easy they make you do like ten steps I
make it very fuckin confusing too much
there's breaking it down they want them
instead of just writing 13 or counting
on their fingers to say how do we break
down the five so we can make this a 10
so Michael has to think okay well this
is eight how many more do I need to make
it a 10 oh I need to wait what well okay
well that's a 2 so 2 plus what equals 5
Oh two plus three equals five okay okay
right really that's all now I can group
eight and two that gives me my grouping
of 10 and then I add the 3 and I get 13
well I think that that's great that's a
great way to do mental math but this
this whole process right here is
extremely abstract for a seven-year-old
to try and figure out ok that's all
fucking confusing that would make any
kid dumber and maybe that's what the
school's ok only to the big conspiracy
about me we are going to do a quick
little update on the Mandela so the
Mandela effect has really taken over and
everybody talking about it and recently
a big singer named Halsey started
tweeting about it and it got very
interesting so Holly retweeted a meme of
somebody that was questioning a lyric
from a panic at the Disco's clothes
avocados or not the goddamn door and
then Holly tweeted that to the panic at
the disco lead singer Brendon Urie
and she said explain well then he
tweeted back and he said ha ha ha I
can't
that's not very theme flash embarrassing
shit right there
so even he's confused even he's like
I'll fuckin bail well here's the clip of
the original song and it does say a got
it
I'm not again
clothing oh okay not check out a clip of
him singing your life and notice the
lyric has changed with a haven't you
people ever heard those in the dancehall
know what you literally say a lot about
their door lot so I I don't know fuckin
crazy
all right speaking of craziest now we
are going to talk about a conspiracy
about me okay I was on YouTube will come
out and I saw a video called youtuber
conspiracy theory and I was in the
thumbnail and I was like okay maybe I
should watch this and I was like wait I
want to hear what this conspiracy theory
is with you guys so I'm going to call up
the growth with the video on skype and
she's going to tell us what the theory
is and I'm going to tell you if it's
real okay
so Ally you have a conspiracy about me I
have not heard it yet I don't know what
it is
so why don't you break it down so energy
theory is that new interested in is that
actually actively so you're sad in terms
of mom they can feed a lot of child
which would pressure
what's your evidence the oldest evidence
is basically going back to your parents
Awards and I'm getting the best
relationship with your father
it is rumored doctor you and Tricia you
guys have birthdays verbal close
together he found out about Tricia
around the same time that new working
feast so he didn't want to tell your
mother like hey I got some little
pregnant when you're pregnant to you
like you're having maybe not a change
that's why I got so close in age and in
Serie C goes to say that around the time
it brought back up on top of your father
he told you about Tricia and that's what
you got in contact with her and at the
time she was working out sure plump and
you want a better life for your sister
that's why you started insta win column
with her really like garnering out their
own Mickey was obviously she's amazing
and she's done so much on her own but
the reason why is I still say that your
siblings is because you don't want
people to think that your YouTube career
with Anna Turner and also because you
don't want people to be able coming out
and then like a lot of stuff that makes
this
make a lot of sense like for one you
know any philosophy anima or the caddy
so you guys do things like make out or
pretty foreign seeing accessorize TV was
going successful all these youtubers
Sony koala Trisha I haven't seen
realising opportunity for my past I mean
you guys did a video where you were
catching the loop but I feel like you
can do that with your sister and not
really be weird or like incest or
anything and I just don't understand you
guys are so close in age and church that
is borders I don't want to stand what if
it makes sense that maybe I have never
had any romantic chemistry me or
anything go on that was like collabing
and helping her with YouTube etc maybe
ice because you guys are really bad so
good I mean first of all other
conspiracy goes that's fucking good
because it's hi messes up when I
probably after the first time it has
been like 12 years or something 15 years
and then I saw him is the same time
period that I'm starting out Trish the
insurers have never done anything that's
super sexual we have very similar humors
we get along very well we both have very
similar tap it was like family drama I'm
going to say the conspiracy is not true
but it's really good and I would totally
believe it if I was it me develop really
fucking good Wow good I love that
well guys not sure but I wish it wanted
and now I'm starting to kind of believe
it what is there any other conspiracies
about manners of that one well together
back to that further like both have like
close your loan to there's some things
like thousands like your physical
features I also heard that you're part
of Illuminati sound it's my videos but
I've heard that because that's long ago
all the students in series before anyone
else does
and I also why you some o'clock because
I squinted I kind of it like stiffeners
disregarding that kind of stuff that
really you're meant to go out this with
a little message and sort of let the
comedy types and ways and not everyone
you keep serious brings up some people
get ahead I like that one well guys I'm
going to let our second conspiracy be
hoping maybe it's true maybe it's not
but
we should watch thank you so much that
was really interesting and that's my
first time you're in conspiracy about
myself and I hope that there's more
because I want to be more confused about
myself in Armenia and Ally with your
channel separation which I guess oh
thank you so much it's alan Hardesty al
ly ejr de sp1 and you have other
youtuber conspiracies on your channel
right yeah I have a youtuber called one
then if you look like you have a lot of
that pocket for all yeah I'm cheated
conspiracies about pan emojos with other
ones about Trish so go check those out
if you want to be even more confused and
you already work thanks Ally
ain't you oh yeah well there you guys
colorful you two at this creepy
conspiracy to deal if you did any want
more conspiracy videos give me a thumbs
up so I know
also subscribe my channel that down
below and turn notifications on because
I make new videos every stop a bit like
you want to see more men conspiracy
theory videos I think a lot of them I'll
put a link to a playlist for the top and
description are actually a series so
come see you on the back it says ye
cricket weird I was just about to ask
that look at their interest we invite
you to expand your mind
expand your tastes and join us in a food
revolution I invite you to take a seat
I thought you two can you seed in the
dirt and just hang out with all your
good different
