guys he's a podcast with buck angel and
but uh how should people refer to us
Herbies I mean so buck is a transgender
porn star he had coined the term man
with a pussy
he's on a mission to talk about trans
rights and sexual education everything
we had the most interesting crazy
amazing conversation talk about Tyra
Banks we talked about vaginas we talked
about sex
Jess was very uncomfortable with her
vagina fairy if you're gonna wanna
listen some clever girls let's change
brands but hey guys yeah I know what you
think when you look at your life damn is
that a famous person yes actually I am
my name is literally don't tell me oh
gosh like I know your face and your body
but I can't put a name to it
hi my name is Bhavik I figured up Josh
Peck oh wait no no no he's not that
anymore no my name is Bob I just got it
the subway guy Wow would you got out
early good for you
no I am doing with that wrong here Fred
no I might be for Risa did you used to
be in me - no my name is ma'am it's fine
I don't really care anyway Hey look
there's goodbye yes that's the think I
was like but what I was trying to say is
I'm very famous so why not try famous
celebrity diet tricks okay so the other
day I was online and I was like
searching you know just normal things
like I was way and like the first five
pages of Google were like super fucking
annoying I know waste of time eat less
exercise
stop drinking ranch but then I got to
the real tip and that was a celebrity
diet tips to website now these are
fucking real I I can't wrap my brain
around a few of them I want to try and
we're going to start with a diet trick
that Selena Gomez like to do and that is
eating a lemon covered in salt Selena we
talked before not real life just me to a
camera and you ignoring it I just want
to let you know that as crazy as your
eating habits are I accept you neither
if you guys remember of it in the
previous celebrity eating videos Selena
Gomez has a corndog dipped in maple
syrup and a pretty sure she had a
pickled peanut butter sandwich both of
which were fucking bomb so bad I'm ready
fuck me up that we have this all we got
and by the way if you're wondering it
yes my hair is wedding oh my god are you
Samaras on the ring smells like you
crawled out of a well that's not my
dance okay so here is the lemon boom
let's just open her up ah that was
satisfying uh-oh satisfying video vine
video channel right now I have in lemon
I just got it up with scissors because I
got the both Gavin eyes around by
blowing my doesn't trust me in the
middle of the night even got my goddddd
room when he's sleeping it flies off in
big limousine Oh actually got it off
even better he's probably just a ball
too insane I'm actually doing man a
market chopped video later this week
alright so we have our lemon let's just
cover it in salt okay here we go
try it oh is this what it tastes like to
be skinny because I don't want it oh my
god
not like when you pee in the ocean and
then a wave comes and you drink it which
is not worth it
I mean it's feeling of like you're warm
kiss and that cold ocean as a warm pink
like wrapped around your legs and then
the person next to you is like what is
that you're like I have no fucking idea
and then you make up some excuse like I
think like underneath the earth is like
lava and then everyone's know like a
little bit lava bubbles will come up and
like heat up the water is know something
about science and chemistry and you're
coming in my piss away you're currently
drinking my piss oh I love leech this is
fucking gross Selena this is the one
thing that I disagree with you on I also
disagree with you on love being like a
love song I say love is like a horror
movie all my past relationships have
been like scream wrong turn and the
occasional
I know what you did last summer
shirt at the beach oh okay this one I'm
very confused by and also very excited
to try this is a weird diet trick that
Shane Lee is with me and Ed shilling do
also a cheer and thank you first and you
love the shape of my body I love octagon
- so basically you take hot coffee which
is steaming hot my Wendy Williams cup
and then you put a chunk of butter and a
big scoop of coconut oil in it I'm not a
scientist but that does not sound like a
diet trick that sounds like an obesity
hat hey guys want to gain weight real
fast and really clog up those arteries
how does the butter coffee is so fucking
good
and the for all the obesity stands come
for me I used to be obese so I'm allowed
to do that work I'm also a lot of say
chub-rub
and if you don't know what it is don't
google it alright let's chop up this
butter okay we're just going to plop
this in our coffee oh my god I'm not
sure the exact measurement ah-ha when
the tea is so hot you get burned
oh the dish TT cut uploaded his response
joining me to talk to you okay the
butter is melting and now this times put
in some coconut oil ah first one just
one face soft coconuts coconuts are
fucking gross they taste like fucking
Freetown and they look look at they care
eat it once again I can say that because
I have them all right here we go ah I
change my mind
coconut for everything coconut your life
it's my hairy kiss not like this more
people would want to lick it alright
let's take a big chunk of lift oh this
is a real weird texture
okay so that's a man now let's turn up
it is hey how did your pooped in the
ocean I died rated in the ocean and wow
that was hard to explain to the person
swimming next to me okay
here's that blog again oh it's real sick
oh god oh I'm sorry you're swimming in
my diarrhea Oh summer okay here we go
but you need to see what this actually
look like little fuck off do you see
that oh okay you're a connection
I get it
this gives people instant eye areaa
that's the weight-loss aspect of it I'm
Sharon how do you do this on short
unless your opening act is diarrhea and
you're like a little roll eyes welcome
to the show
just a second right in the grab a guitar
by the way I don't even know if he's
British the British French right it's
rustic Taylor Swift I hated that I was
gross shape of you everything if you
want your shape up to to be liquid drink
that Nexus okay this one I'm actually
really nervous about because it is from
my queen and the last thing I want to do
is consult my fucking Queen so we are
going to be putting and chili powder on
top of watermelon because Hilary Duff
does it now listen anything Hilary Duff
does all do except marry Good Charlotte
have a kid and dye my hair blue but like
everything else I'll do okay watermelon
looks normal if you like fruit which I
do chili powder I don't think I've ever
had on its own I don't really know specs
the smell of that is triggering okay so
let's take a piece of watermelon and
let's just dust on a little chili powder
okay I don't I
Hilary Jill oh my god it's Hilary Duff
typical weight loss plan I already know
her slogan make that fat body so
yesterday with my new come clean diet
because honestly why not fucking
copyrighted Queens or here we go
that is so good what Hilary you've had a
lot of missteps we're not going to talk
about that tragedy of a music video for
spark with the tinder promo we're going
to pass over that but you just received
yourself with this situation
if you're at home right now you have
fruit because you're healthy what we
don't want late grab some chili powder
pour it on top and eat that up
any of my limbs up just like Hilary Duff
ignoring all of Hayley's calls no Haley
I'm very very busy I can't talk about
that business idea with you right now
no they're busy okay do you think it
okay back to my water alright next one
okay now this one this one of the little
confused by Jessica Alba does not eat
cheese so instead see something called
almond cheese I have it right here
grated it looks like cheese but it's
almond I'm going to give it a chance
listen it could be good I'm definitely
not going to eat it like this
so what way would Shane eat it diet food
he would turn it into nachos in my
skinny on is Alba oh that's a big old
chunk okay listen to my dream okay so I
just got them out of the microwave and
in case it almost melted ah my new
makeup line hey guys I want your face to
look almost melted don't you want to
look just like me okay let's try this
one but you guys can't even see this
okay very good Tennessee you get it now
let's take one of the most melted one
whoo this is a little bad this might be
my new favorite diet service computer
you're surprising me in so many ways
like you're a billionaire for diapers
which is confusing and now this cheese
situation like that almond she sees like
geez I'm very confused how did they do
that that must have been fucking crazy
shit in it there's no way that's work
not organic how's that organic I don't
even know the work like a nickname but
that's that happy chemicals right I'm
very confused
and I don't mean things that I don't
understand the ingredients up now let me
get back to eating this entire plate
thank nachos ah this is really good I
kind of love this I'm very confused by
it but I also feel like I just saved a
cow and that's worth it for us a janitor
or a squeeze listen I'm not a farmer on
the tape Nexus okay this one I'm very
scared of this one this is from Marilyn
Monroe who is dead so like living for
her diet trick so her diet which is warm
milk with a raw egg in it girl I'm not
going to drag you I don't drag the dead
but makes me want to dig you back up and
just snatch your weave because what the
fuck no Marilyn I know you have any
trouble flies I know you were into drugs
and having affairs with the president I
would me this is probably the most
fucked up thing you did so let's just go
go oh oh my god Oh Jessica I'm sorry
this is not an almond a girl this is a
real one here we go oh my god hello I
don't do it
Oh the conceding edible bottle
oh all right okay Marilyn see you soon
it's okay to make Jim try and she's been
dead for literally ever like a G died
two weeks ago like I can give her
another week or maybe she's not even all
right here we go oh the milk makes
missus bow our meanest of the egg white
I would rather let me think of all the
things I'd rather see and I would rather
have mantas back that are fat like that
a fat neck stop ear fat forehead fat
ball fat dick fat really wanted truck
can I get that big fat transfer let's
make it happen science I would rather
have all the fat then have that Marilyn
I'm not going to use him well brought
with you in a few years
okay let's do the last food
haha this one that I'm really scared for
this is something that a lot of sluggers
do including Angelina Jolie's which I
mean it's used to drink alot I already
don't trust her but now she says that
she cricket protein first of all I saw
this on sharp pain and I'm pretty sure
they invested in it which is shocking I
like listen no shade like the business
or the company like I'm sure you guys
are killing it but the thought of eating
fucking bugs is fucking gross
oh wow there's multiple flavors Oh God
oh they're cold okay you I want the
chocolate peanut butter the coconut milk
the dark chocolate coffee no the matcha
green tea no okay we're doing chocolate
peanut butter cricket Oh God
who on the back it says ye cricket weird
I was just about to ask
let's go their interest we invite you to
expand your mind expand your taste and
join us in a food revolution I invite
you to take a seat I invite you to take
a seat in the dirt and just hang out
with all your quick different also their
hashtag is bring in sexy back I will go
home go to my backyard and pop cricket
all right let's try this oh god I just
so care it's very good that's mostly
dirt oh my god how do you think they did
it like you see the crickets were just
like hanging out there just like rubbing
our elbows together fucking each other
they're like what is that big oh my god
or do you think it was like lemon
either way I'm not for it okay Oh all
our blah I'm not used to that realness
like when I buy you a chicken every you
know you're not going to see chicken
biting into this bitch
I see a colony alright let's open it in
half Oh bendy
they really don't want to do this oh
well let me view closer ah do you see oh
oh okay once again I don't mean drag the
company out through these again and I'm
scared okay here we go ah ah here do it
okay no we're getting oh I'm sorry I
can't do it where's my coffee
oh okay listen
the taste is fine the flavor is fine the
problem is I don't know what the
textures are and they might just be not
but in my head it's little cricket head
and there's screaming so like I can't do
it by like more powered who you like I'm
trying not to offend cricket nation guys
I think I'm done I think I'm done here I
don't want to lose way I don't want to
be a celebrity what a durable life I
know I had that I definitely have
anything my life is like more pathetic
than anyone really because I just say
fucking dead cricket pulls no reason
you're welcome hey I know you're into
this video if you did please give it
thumbs up and let me know cuz they just
fucking ate again cricket also make sure
to subscribe to my channel right down
below and turn on the bell for
notifications cuz I make every single
a--does every single day what if you
want to tell my other eating weird food
videos I'll put a link to a playlist or
the proper description spells
alright you little cricket see you
tomorrow bar this is fucking weird oh no
I'm gonna drink my fruits investable
back if I didn't pop a pill and drink
this and be healthy ah veganism here I
come
all the big is it like now stay home now
