hey what's up guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to you what does fuck 5 so
as you thought I could have guessed from
the title and the public terrifying
fucking thumbnail today we'll be talking
about another scary topic and this one
is especially terrifying not only
because it's about paranormal shit
demons but also the fact that these are
all 100% true stories that actually
happen so from a man claiming to kill
people because the possessed dog told
them to do so - the real-life story that
inspired the Exorcist movie for the
names of the top five the countdown
these five legal cases of demonic
possession
number one the Son of Sam still known as
one of the most notorious and strangest
serial killers in American history Son
of Sam was the nickname for the mass
murderer David Berkowitz in the summer
of 1976 Berkeley which was found guilty
of murdering six people and losing seven
others with a 44 caliber pistol after
each murder as you leave cryptic
messages at the crime scene taunting
police and promising more violence in
the future or at least that's what
people say about his notes because
honestly this just looks like a
four-year-old with fetal alcohol
syndrome wrote it like what is this bang
bang bang uh nothing
another knows he left he just drew shit
maybe you wanted to show police how dope
is big figures were I don't know but
audibly destroyed stuff no offense man I
know you're like dead or whatever but
this this is terrible for like a 35 year
old man stop it Wayne is finally
apprehended in August of 1977
Berkowitz confessed to all eight counts
against him where things only really got
weirder during his confession he claimed
that the real reason he murdered people
was because his neighbor's dog Harvey
was possessed by a demon and told him to
do so as far as excuses for murder ago
that is pretty fucking awful way come on
man he could we get something better
than that no why does everyone blame a
dog when something happened didn't do
your homework my dog ate it just farted
in front of your cross god damn it
random dog on the street being charged
with murder - he was the dog
unfortunately for Bertha with neither
the judge nor jury bought his story and
he was sentenced to six consecutive life
sentences well great maybe what's going
the truth knowledge is a demon
dogs telling people to murder people
fuckin good job guys I mean it could
have at least questioned the dog yeah
but after work winds went to prison he
finally came clean to save as the real
reason he murdered people was that use
in a satanic cult and the murders were
ritualistic number two the Ronald DOE
exorcism the real-life events that
inspired the original Exorcist movie The
Exorcism of Ronald Zell might be one of
these first fully publicized exorcism
events in recorded history 14l Ronald
though attempted to contact his deceased
relative using a Ouija board never a
good idea soon after according to the
boy's mother he began levitating himself
contorting his body while strange
carvings appeared on him and speaking in
different languages in different voices
which his mother believed was obviously
demonic possession what are you talking
about this is puberty for too long the
mother called her Lutheran pastor Milo's
Scholl who came over and attempted to
perform an exorcism
according to shouldering the process he
witnessed several objects moving around
the room on their own while the boy
himself appearing to resist any form of
exorcism the pastor trying to perform
unsurprisingly the next day the pastor
decided to get the bulk out of there
basically saying no hell naw bitch and
recommending to the mother that she get
help from a professional Catholic priest
taking his device the mother contacted
Roman Catholic priest Edward Hughes who
rushed over and began to perform its own
exorcism on the boy apparently he
performed the ritual over 30 times while
the boy taunted the priest and even
injured him breaking his nose after
performing the ritual in several
different places Hughes decided that his
work that was done and nothing more
could be done to help
luckily shortly after the boy seemed to
recover where it was reported years
later that he led a quote ordinary life
so at least there's that I was wonderin
were like you know the exorcism movie
where the head turns all the way the
fuck around like did your neck like just
hurt for a long time after that or are
you just totally fine and the demon
somehow like fucked your neck up a bit
I don't know I'm done ranting about
those I'm sorry number 3
Michael Tila the exorcism of Michael
Taylor is definitely the strangest one
on this list Michael and Christine
Taylor were
couple from a small town in England
called Offutt in 1974 Christine believes
that her husband was having an affair
with the leader of their prayer group
which he denied and started acting oddly
by oddly I need instead of just saying
no honey you're the only vagina I
touched he would yell out weird things
and throw his shit around the room like
a gorilla
Christine instead of enlisting the help
of the police which is probably what you
should have fucking done decided instead
to turn to the aid of the Angelica
priesthood who came over and performed
an exorcism on Michael that lasted
nearly two days and claimed to exorcise
almost 40 demon 41 demon anyway is bad
enough but 40 fuck hi Damon has piety
and Michael Taylor's body even more
surprising though is after the exorcism
the priests believe that Michael still
had demons inside of him and they may
have actually been right that night he
murdered his wife by ripping off her
face pulling out her tongue and gouging
her eyes in addition he also killed his
dog who had been strangled his legs had
been torn from its socket and his eyes
and tongue were also removed after this
apparently Michael walked the streets
around his house naked and covered in
blood
until apprehended by police police
questioned him he seemed to have no
knowledge of the killing claiming that
he loved his wife and never would have
wished such for upon her oddly during
the trial he was deemed insane and found
not guilty for his wife's murder after
only serving four years in a psych ward
he was released back into society since
then he detected suicide over four times
and even had a brush with the law where
he was accused of inappropriate conduct
with a minor who this guy just sounds
fucking awful but I don't discredit the
core system earning Lisbeth fuck decides
the worst number for Carolyn Perron and
the parent children so if you've ever
seen the movie the conjuring then these
names might be familiar to you as the
entire movie was based around the
bizarre events that unfolded around a
mother and her five daughters the events
began in 1970 when Carolyn purchased a
quaint home in rural Rhode Island but
she believed was her dream home instead
is time went on
honors holder of several deserving
encounters in the night from hearing
strange whispers being pulled from their
beds at night and seeing the ghost of a
woman who hung herself from the bedroom
ceiling well that first Carolyn didn't
believe her daughter's shit only got
worse and eventually Carolyn herself was
the target of paranormal torture and she
was been possessed that's what they
decided to call her now the paranormal
investigators ed and Lorraine Warren who
claimed to discover the Holmes terrible
secrets the property had apparently seen
its fair share of suicides and crimes
including a witch who sacrificed her
child to the devil okay that might be
something that you want to disclose when
you're selling a home oh yes it's a
three-bedroom three-bath magnificent
backyard and which sacrificed his son to
the devil over that way what was that
last part the kitchen while spiritual
cleanses were performed on the property
it did little to help the family or
eventually they move to Georgia where
evil had apparently followed them but
not as bad as it was reported in Rhode
Island again this is another thing that
always just like bugs me so much about
hearing these kind of things is like if
I lived in a house where even I got
maybe a hint that something was fucked
up or like I got scratches in the middle
of the night or like someone was pulling
on my fucking feet I would be out of
there so fucking quickly like I don't
get it why did people dislike mother
sighs yeah it's yeah it's just annoying
but I guess they learned their lessons
and finally at number five Julia so this
one I find especially scary just because
of how reasons it was just nine years
ago the Revelator girl only known as
Julia the patient of dr. Richard
Gallagher from the New York Medical
College the Gallagher claims had a quote
long history with satanic groups just my
type of girl that was a joke totally
kidding my type of girl is a girl who
wants to play video games on the first
day not rip out a goat's heart and eat
it while listening to death metal I'm
sorry for all of those out there who are
watching this who got the help stuff
fairly julia had approached Gallinger
asking for his help and she thought she
might have been possessed by a demon
Gallagher other nurses and even nun
studied her while she was in the college
they all claimed to have witnessed Julia
levitate six inches off the ground while
objects flew around the room
a priest came to perform an exorcism
Julia apparently cursed out in Latin the
language which she didn't speak and it
didn't adjust the tone of her voice
being different
Julia's demeanor changed as she would
often yell out insult the priest saying
leave her alone you idiot he's ours and
leave you imbecile priest Wow that is
just plain fucking rude you need a
fucking timeout demon imagine doing a
demon that excuse me demon you need to
chill out
you're mean hella rude boo anyway the
weird part about this story too is that
no matter where I look I can't seem to
find out what happened after this like
in every article it just shows that the
exorcism took place it doesn't like show
what happened after that or like she's
fine now or she's like died or anything
is just blank I don't know if that means
that they just don't know or they stop
studying or something yeah I don't know
it sounded really weird anyway it does
enough of this terrifying shit baby how
you guys keep asking for so there you go
I don't need good dream anyways my
question of the day for you guys is what
is the scariest thing that you've ever
witnessed and I sort of got if any of
you fuckers leave a comment in the
comment section down below saying
scooter things I've ever seen is the guy
with the 2007 haircut in 2017 I'm going
to fucking lose it just jokes out okay
but leave those in the comments down
below guys hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give it a
like and also subscribe to this channel
as there will be more every single week
all the guys mention is obscure to my
channel youtube.com slash Captain messed
up you don't want to do it for me do it
for this pen yeah I'm hoping to film a
Q&A really too much a lot of you guys
have been asking for so yeah make sure
to look out for that that's it guys
we'll see you next time for another what
the fuck vibe thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
