here's the guys we are back once again
pop and fill the needing food welcomes
my 40s today we're doing another tea
stripping pill test and today we are
going to do the highly anticipated by
nobody about myself does not audition a
patron till now listen I don't know
what's going to happen or if it's even
going to work because the pills turn
white using sweet and sweet things just
leader baby
which I guess is just going to make all
these desserts extra sweet which for a
sugar addict like me is very exciting
and just to make the party the crazier I
put two pills in my mouth now kids I do
not recommend that when you are actually
at a party actually popping actual pills
with your friends so when it comes to
taste ripping pills bigtable ecstasy
made this one I don't know much about
drugs but go safely with your parents
you know terrible their kids drinks in
my house sometimes like a lot of cool
mom oh you can drink in the house do you
think in like 2017 there's like honey's
you're gonna do Molly make sure to do is
model need kids ok let's start first I'm
going to start with my guy who's here
now this is perfectly sweet I love her
just the way she is
like I'm not trying to have to read that
herself like I'm a fan of a brand but
let's see if her switching it out is a
good thing for some youtubers it's not
here we go
today's videos going to be brought to
you by recipes it's also to be bossy by
the ear doctor who you are going to need
to see cuz this why I know why I took
two pills me when I was on Molly fucking
my mom is literally the sweetest thing
it's literally ever this would be as if
you were a vampire and you stopped me
and you're like oh bitch that's super
outside of love and then you ran up to
me to get your fangs ripped into my so
this is what you get and then you
literally go to diabetic vampire shock
and then you die so like if your vampire
don't come to me after I fill an eating
video come to me when I'm subtweeting
about a youtuber because bitch I'll be
salty next food ok this is what to be
exciting literally send nobody watching
this video because
have fun and Twinkies now listen I have
dragged between the past for this
decision I still do not stand by it I
think this is a bad move for her
my grandma's this is 50p what I mean it
would be like if I did it 50 with you
you know what I mean like they just
don't mix but I'm thinking maybe it'll
be good because it took kill me when I'm
on Molly and I'm fucking my dad me what
about Molly it I'm just fucking my
family fucking my family
Netflix hi I just show for you okay here
we go it smells like a disaster that
smells like me after class 50 right here
we go let's go miss her uh okay looks
normal it's like a normal swing Keith no
questionable now here we go
one two three all right
first step of the day oh my god oh that
is like taking a bite out of Claire I
can't explain it but you know I need
just like that fake-ass banana smell
like when a little kid is like wearing
perfume
that's like fruit scent it because like
no little kid wants to wear you know
like JLo or Britney Spears tablets
whatever the fuck your call
they're like mom give me minions but I
have a Rama and then it smelled like a
Jamba Juice employee burp I nobody wants
it I hate that Twinkies to do know how
to see let me just tell you something
stay in your lane like I know you want
to roll with the minions because like
you think because they have numbers like
they'll have your back but guess what
bitch when you get involved in a
controversy bitch and somebody makes
content off on you all the minute they
go skedaddle they're going to buy some
new bananas and they guess what Twinkies
your top so Twinkie what you need to do
is you need to apologize you need to
admit you're wrong I need to go back to
what you're known for which is delicious
fattening sugary a flavor for fat box
like me this might have also been a note
to youtubers wow I'm like really good at
giving it my mixes oh this is fucked up
oh I'm so printer
I'm so excited that I'm not even moving
on our talk but don't tell me excited
ever English because this is cinnamon
frosted flakes I'm sorry
foolish fishy a new bitches how fishies
a fucking 11 in a roomful of meat forth
weather where does he come from and why
do I not run a process place you are
going to get bad job of marketing
yourself let me give you some advice
what you need to do is partner with the
youtuber who is known for eating their
feelings so call me or Gaby show or you
don't forget how to do it together
listen up big old bathtub full of this
shit I'm going to leave an email bitch
will bring your own tears and then we
can paint ourselves out of it hi you're
welcome for the promo okay let's do this
so excited by the way this is not the
exaggeration of how I opened of a cereal
box this is how I do it oh my god I just
saw the future and it is that oh my god
oh this is gonna be good
daddy girls let me call you up get on
over here I don't want to see so much
that we die Jori time right here we go
oh that was the new record that was I
don't even a kid okay let me explain how
do I clean this okay so Tony the Tiger
right like we know he's great
but you know his health is not you know
he has high leverage ER and high
cholesterol this would be like putting
your mouth to his sugary tiger app and
shutting up all of his should we get
like and Tony the Tiger shit in your
mouth but then like took his cute scarf
and like dabbed off the shit Rogers goes
he's fast because these classy that's
what this would taste like next to it
iPhone this is the store arrow my coupon
of caramel apple like that's cute
that'll be fun to like bite into and
then I was like why is this Apple look
so fuck like who is she is she okay
she's having a meltdown
then I read it and it said a chocolate
covered here or me covered in chocolate
shut us on the pier dickweed
okay let's try this I'm not trying to
judge her
drinking interesting presentations love
that love that attention to detail okay
here we go
right into this it has no smell
Oh what if it was like pills for your
nose that would make everything gross
smell good
I'll take us you get out from all done
wrong nothing wrong sick of all I love
her I don't know her name yeah dad it's
dead
are you your victim sounds it gets mouth
pops dreadlock
oh well if I die right now huh but also
what the fuck you know what you bite
into a caramel apple and it like
crunches and it's like crunchy and Apple
country that was like biting into a big
leg or like a big fat cat of a leg like
if somebody covered their leg and
chocolate sat outside and let it dry and
then they walk their fat legs back
inside that wanna fight so like me after
video when I'm covering food that that
would be like will be like taking a bite
out of my sat leg and it's just mushy
and weird and too sweet and I'm probably
going to eat it yeah I'm going to eat it
like that now this isn't just saying
this does it relate Andy but I was
curious this is a green juice now inside
of this is vegetables and graham so fuck
off the back and listen vegans I'm all
about you living your life but don't
come at me with this and be like it
tastes just like candy
if you obviously have that painted her
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup essence filled
with many recent pieces because if you
have the payment right here we go that
smells like a freshly mowed lawn that a
dog shit on this is the end all right
here we go
oh my god it made it good it seems like
a we just zoom in on that tongue action
that I just did without even knowing it
yeah that's gross
this is like a fucking caramel latte I
can't even explain it this is fucking
weird
oh oh no I'm gonna drink my fruits
investable bad if I just pop a pill and
drink this and be healthy ah veganism
here I come all the diggers are like no
stay home no here I come well can you
imagine just like me rolling up to the
IGAs house like I'm here let's go pick
two friends I'm going to be your lousy
friend boom my hair is really a thing
today can we just okay we're gonna move
on I'm going to go through these fast
because we're artis and doing this
fucking long so let's good speed round
um this was a cupcake and don't know
what happened but she's flying I'll
throw on the front of it is that fucking
fat Hawaiian guy from Alanna like listen
no shade of Ohana like she's a queen and
an icon but like if I'm going to eat a
cupcake and I'm already feeling bad
about myself don't put a picture of fat
character from your Disney movie like
boom ah can you give me that cupcake
looks so good oh fuck
boo mom is that what I will look like
woo alright nevermind but it's not gonna
stop me from eating it because I'm
already grown here we go oh god fuck I
can't see it hold on oh my god I've been
killing it okay here we go
oh my god the hot pink and a yellow all
Fah oh it's a fluffy Oh
once again isn't fucking great asleep
it's Olga but also this pill is making
everything kind of taste the same like
this is the ranch of pill like you could
wear brace on everything and just make
everything taste like ranch not the best
the problem but like I'm getting a
little sick of it like I'm a little
sugar now so it's just a lot more oh I
gotta try this because I don't know who
the fuck this is a good idea but this is
a monster chocolate I mean honestly
though if you guys want to talk to me on
down cool why if you need a monster you
know I'm confident I don't like the fact
that it sizzles like if it's a Frizzle
drink and it's chocolate I have a lot of
issues
oh okay that's better here we go it
tastes like pennies like have you ever
been sucking on pennies bitch don't act
like you don't like don't act like you
are like hanging out on the cows and you
find a penny in the cushion and you're
like I'm bored you clean your mouth and
you suck on it but yeah I'm a youtuber
who eats money get a medal that's what
it tastes like it tastes like a weird
fucking coins are what like if you just
put your mouth up to a coin start some a
stranger was like dumping our coins in
you're like oh man this is a bad idea
monster I'm gonna get you some branded
by canceled yourself I'm getting I love
monster actually like monster and Red
Bull and all of the competitors this is
a bad step this is a misguided area and
you should go home
okay I see one these are new I'm excited
about this these are red velvet kick ass
bitch fuck yeah oh I'm excited
okay here we go kind of a Miss just
considering they're white and it's a red
velvet cake cast out a five-click based
cool I do it here we go as a round on
the inside you know left the clickbait
icon can say because this is stroker
bitch the clickbait said that your
girlfriend died and then xyx on it she
alive and she was very annoying but then
you filled your pool before these and I
was like bitch alright okay hot out this
is crazy
I won't I think the pills are wearing
off because this is a bigger kick in so
I think it's time that we stop I think
the fucking case tripping until it is
over party so like I stand by her
another hopefully rejoice me fucking up
my sabapathy in my heart and if you want
me to do more taste stripping tell
videos I don't really know what else I
would eat maybe salad spoon let me know
down the comments and also give me a
thumbs up and a set agenda below for the
mcdu videos and the fucking day and if
you want the only other miracle berries
be stripping til videos and then three
others I'll put a link to a playlist or
the description below alright little
crazy case tripping pills we'll see
sorry okay
first YouTube where I'm gonna expose
jenna Marbles now I don't know if you
guys know that the Jenna's been lying to
her whole YouTube career she saw the
last name is marvelous but it's actually
Mallory who does she think she is Tia
