tell you growth sign meatball sandwiches
I'm bad anyway - thinking oh my god the
chain and finally died he just about got
so much and we've all seen when I eat
maybe inspire you finally just stopped
and it did he's gone and I'm here and
I'm ready to take over his channel and
his essence and now it's just going to
be an exposing youtubers channel so get
your tea ready ok first youtuber I'm
gonna expose jenna Marbles now I don't
know if you guys know that the jettison
lying to her whole YouTube career she
saw her last name is marvelous but it's
actually powering who does she think she
is
PS you've been exposed it I'm just
kidding I'm not exposing or dragging I'm
just exposing my fat skin and drag cuz I
got it ok this is an ultimate test and
girl product video which is live in
nightly it was a really fucking excited
about this one because we're really
testing some products but also some hats
so they're like the first thing we
should do is the one that's kind of
going viral right now which I'm very
excited about this is putting all the
way just using a condom glad we finally
found the youth disease so I guess
basically what you do is take a Beauty
Blender which have we ever talked about
these this is an actual but look for
Queen tree just soaks up all the poopy
you can wash it right off great takes up
barely any room in the dishwasher my
normal about one usually take off the
top shelf okay so here she it why does
my fucked up in just normal
don't beauty blenders okay more like an
egg like what is this this is I mean
hello okay let me take the condom this
is extra small and then we are just
going to wrap it I mean literally hello
like is done this before and then just
put it in there oh my god first of all
fucking accessory this is kind of cute I
love this
oh my god make a game the kids condoms
can be fine if they feel awful on your
penis but really great when it's a game
okay so now that we
like this very tired I think I was
supposed to wash the Lube off
but this time my face is already fucked
up enough let's do it I look awful
literally who dragged me through the
street all my haters on Twitter okay
let's do this so let's take this
foundation is that what it's called me
when I'm trying to eat right now no but
seriously I don't know if this is right
okay here we go
we're going to take the makeup and I
guess to put it on the condom let's try
to cover up this thing all right here we
go
is this right oh I hate this oh hell you
know I hate when people have makeup on
them lip when they're just like oh thank
you what's the cover
okay I'll kill it all oh my god oh my
new look and you get so many lip
injections and they just pop that's your
left lift lift
oh my god lift lift me if I ever come
out with a lift kit populace yeah let's
cover that up
Oh makeup and dangerous I'm just gonna
cover my whole body next we're gonna do
my cane okay
hack successful I look like Jesus on
Easter which was not his best luck he
was a well technically zombie but he was
still killing it Wow is this makeup did
I do it right oh my god if I close my
eyes my whole face goes away look boom
oh my god I'm not the cop oh I would
like that girl in school you know who
I'm about to say I look like that girl
in school just learn what makeup was and
she also picks her pickles with a fork
and Jesus doesn't damage you know who
I'm talking about then they cover it all
up in there like what okay
oh no it's just a little counter oh you
can see the blood slowly dripping out of
my open wound
oh no that's just jam the strawberry jam
this is burning is this book burn Oh God
hmm
or some people allergic to condoms
shouldn't I know that I know it actually
is burning this bad business book burn
BA maybe this was the point maybe all
those beauty gurus who were fuckin
nervous and fucking shocked by my love
we're like let's create a stupid fucking
Cali six Hill Shan to get rid of you
well guess what
I know you're thinking your lips are
gone you're irrelevant come bitch I'm
sorry what's up
over all right a regular here let's just
camouflage my lid oh my god oh here's
Timothy's experimenting I love this this
is gray I'm going to be doing this all
the time now you guys just get used to
my new delicious appear to say this
product okay this next thing is fucking
everything like you know would you leave
the house and you're like I do not want
to deal with all my haters like I know
my face is beat for the god and they
can't fucking taste that but I know
you're gonna hate well then I have just
the thing for you bitch it's not hater
blocker yeah this is amazing basically
what it does is it covers your products
shadow when you're rocking your wig and
also covers up five of those chins and
if you're like oh my god Shane how are
you gonna eat which is the question I
ask every day they answer is easy bitch
it has an eating hole first of all
that's the answer whatever somebody says
Shane how do you handle your problem
bitch I have an eating hole no this is
amazing you can just like walk around
you can sit your tea and you can say
something sassy if you want even know
these no seriously like Ronal holidays
on the family around you could just be
like nobody wants that Nancy casserole
you broke this oh my god dad it's
perfect for lying there's like you know
when you're lying and like you might do
weird things with your mouth or you
might like liquor your lip now if you
just cover it and lie all day oh my god
you are so pretty
and honestly skinnier and hurt them oh
my god but it's so nice thank you you're
welcome babe keep killing it see stupid
bitch had no idea oh look if you're on a
date and you have a go weird mouth which
by the way no shame like if you have a
weird fucking mouth live your weird
fucking mob life like what I used to say
when I was a kid my teeth was fuck I'd
be like so much sharp have way to many
teeth and an overbite and they're the
king of the ocean and then people would
be like Shane you're not the king of the
ocean and also there is so much food
stuck in your growth cricket eat I'm in
the turn lab my teeth were so fucking
gross in crooked when I say to an apple
it would make the shape of a star maybe
my teeth were seeing the future because
that's a dedicated fit and the fucking
icon deal with it okay in this item this
makeup is awful this is the scariest
I've ever looked
okay these are nipple enhancers suggest
they can plump up your nipples
honestly I'm fucking at ease my my
missiles are pretty small then like I'm
okay with that but what I like my cheese
peak and have a little extra pepperoni
once in a while right so let's do this
oh my god
reasonable let's zoom in oh there she is
what a fucking icon when you think
you're the star but really your nipple
is okay so I guess we just put it here
we go and then we twist it oh my god
it's my nipple which is gone bitch w
also can we talk about this pimple
that's been here for eight years this
pimple has lasted longer than all
viability just the only other thing I've
had longer than this pimple would be
clothing all right let's draw this other
nipple I'm a bit simple
now this one is um she's a little
perkier oh this is not working on my
nipple it's discrimination what the fall
maybe my face I'll go with committees
I'm so mad
Kylie Jenner can you please put other
nipple kids actually you know what
Caitlyn can you put out some nipple kid
something tells me you got the big old
pancakes oh I'm so depressed
oh my god me when I'm a guru and having
a breakdown I'm so impressed I really do
have to do right now okay hold on so
they were youtubers get your tea ready
um when your drag persona would probably
get more views than you all right next
one okay this is really exciting because
it's something I've always wanted a
bigger butt Oh
it's opposite day so this is a pair of
panties that have a place for you to put
what past and I got these butt pads
which by the way say thank you from the
back I love when my fake butt is nicer
than me okay here we go let's put these
big old pads in this big ol ass oh my
god we can't wait oh okay this would be
thought oh my god okay how do I show you
the level that this is that okay you
can't really see the gravity to
situation so let's go back to the mirror
um so I don't know if you can tell but
it just makes my butt look really scary
and really droopy which is usually how
it is anyways looks like what couldn't
go who was that it looks like my butt is
falling off which is how it feels
sometimes but sometimes when I get up
from the couch my bus like oh kind of
day wow this is a gross person like who
why also I kind of like it okay I'm a
cop right like that body though like
what is that booty do it pull off and
you have to grab a before hit the floor
that's what everybody do okay this I
don't know this is technically a girl
product but I just needed one and this
is a permanent bitch face let me just
show you I love this I love it this is
another vendor then you can say
something mean ass shit anybody will
make you you'd have to do that on
Twitter if you don't have a prophetic I
love it look it like this is great if
you could just walk around town and
nobody will bother you because they'll
be like laughs he is angry actually you
know about we just have some pigs you
have Tyler so that you can smile with
your
must be that's true okay hold on so
sorry I okay my own man now let's see if
it will look like I'm holding in a
diarrhea are you okay what's this you
have to die every day
what no are you sure cause it looks like
you're about to literally that silly was
real good you did a good job on that
what recipe she gets up remember make
the ringing that was a good one
good job I was right again so that's
like being stuck you again it's work
that was like you watch your mouth his
eyes she's like 90 and your life ready
and then the doctor said actually she's
going to be with us a long time for real
like that's it okay that's great so like
the disease isn't working it's like just
fast it's just here about yes and your
mom is going to be right for another 30
years right okay trouble huh this will
be sassy yeah that's it polling of their
life is the blackest extra you're like
bitch I come here today think you know
how many garbage or never ever sorry but
with this thing how do you not remember
it's all I love it wearing this on my
book tour okay this next item makes me
hate people this is I open up musically
kidding this is something called
bachelorette parties mugshot
so I guess basically it's like fake
police things that you hold in a mug
shot except they say like fatty buzzing
mom and you can like make yourself be
like you're in jail I fucking hate
everybody
oh this one says karaoke star crimes
working Oh any person that was all with
that I picked up funny fucking it go
I was a very me let me think of
something nicer go shove your head in a
deep fryer Wendy this thickening
yourself what else we got oh my god
blonde pasa
started from a lefty blonde bombshell
cry
camel toe like I say I hate I hate mice
fuck I hate that people probably laugh
at that picture on Instagram like I'm
annoying at this cookies on her
Instagram her friends like oh my god
Ellie you fucking slay me Kelly actually
know what Kelly hold on because I'm
gonna say something real fucked up for
you right now and I don't want to take
credit for okay Kelly
I'm ready closest we've ever come to
being a bombshell is when you drink an
entire bottle of Magic Shell ice cream
topping I said it was Wow and that is
not a camel toe honey
that is a pig ative like it also your
husband is cheating on you with me and
that Wow a bitch okay so the last item
we have is very exciting it's a blow-up
man now I love this because like there's
blowup dolls like we see those all the
time but we very rarely see a man that's
inflatable pretty much you're talking
about me also need to talk about the guy
on the cover expectations vs. reality
Instagram versus real life okay here we
go
a lot of work I want blow this thing up
I'd rather be alone oh my god look at
the chest hair I love how realistic that
is actually me oh my god
we're brother okay let's just start
blowing them up
I have been blowing him for like 10
minutes and nothing's happening
that's all we could think Kelly would
say I employed my boyfriend for like 10
minutes and he was still my heart like I
don't get it I was giving him my best
looks and my best news I was like like
how hot is that yeah Kelly when I was
blowing your boyfriend hold on a minute
when I was blowing your boyfriend he
told me that when you were blowing him
he wanted to blow his brains out hello
and also your lips could never compare
to mine okay I finally finished him and
I love him I love that he can't talk he
can't leave and I love that I could just
take my anger out on him and not get
arrested for it he's the perfect man hmm
that felt good all right I'd go that
would be playing with girl products and
killing blowup dolls and painting my
face well I don't know it's been fucking
weird
it's not even work product videos I
don't know if we could get weirder but
I'll try maybe a thumbs up so I know and
I'll subscribe a little over the videos
every fucking day guys you guys I would
say your little painted sexy be
time-barred fucking believable this
customer what the fuck was that
that one is me I'm the guy who's lost
right now there's the guy trying to suck
everything
haha I'm crouched me a the past is so
lumpy you're looking scary so much I
relate to that lumpy ass
