hey what's up you guys here yes we are
here doing something a little bit
different you know usually we go out and
find ghosts and goblins and ghouls
skeletons people boys but today we
thought you know what let's play a
little bit different we're going to play
a video games now Garrett told me about
this and I was like I don't wanna play
that but he's like he'll you really
should is really scary and I'm like
nothing scares me everything scares true
so we got this to be fun what is this
game is all Resident Evil 7 I'm excited
I'm raising you scared hopefully you
guys like this this is not sponsored I
cannot play video games don't know what
the fuck I'm doing do you play video no
I replace them every night
ok so we are going to play it supposedly
the scariest game ever made though I
would say that this is the scariest game
ever made and I played all the scary one
that left I meezerman evil everything is
so scary alright here we go
wait how do I do it what are you wait
what's happening are you baby oh my god
who is that this all mines good computer
game please is she gonna have a dick as
I ocean I I love her nothing has been
known so she gonna call her full
presence is she gonna kill no am i
loving yeah Maddy is a conservative in
that Portman why don't they just film a
real girl from the beginning yeah you
get this gave away from what wait what's
happening now is there phone ringing it
is tomorrow
hey it's uh it's Ethan how long before I
can just skip the only news get this I
like this movie Oh God watch it maybe
it's a plane look rank I'm alright good
luck thank you Frankie baby
we just helping out look life is up okay
Wow I noticed the graphics is concave
that's my art a real car there your arms
we're safe at poppy a girlfriend so are
we meeting her we're trying to find our
so she yeah she likes that I'm here and
then you go there you don't know what
the heck is going oh this is a prank
alright thank you baby no it's not done
get this game you did okay let me tell
you so this is how you like you can just
move forward normally but if
like kind of press down on it you run to
expect click down on that I don't want
to go outside but why are we are sobbing
you're just on a little hike you go to
find Mohammed out okay there it is
sounder just long I have the key wait
how do I get it we go don't get out of
here what it's got no lawyer you'll have
anything to worry about this look up why
is your camera now I don't know okay
that way the only thing scary about this
is this feels like we're doing activity
wait who's that check it out okay all
the shoes just in the van it's over a
little newspaper culture er look
actually okay so these guys right here
are three guys who sneaked in the
haunted location to make videos I know
that's not their call my god look at
that okay I mean we're all sewer Gator
Oh make into a Louisiana go tell okay
this is the video game of us principals
we need a controller our folder look how
crazy bad it look at the back what's
written on there join us that's a PR can
free up we're been doing that's honest
right now how many doing them actually
I'm not enough going like that was
Joyner that's kind of cool so am i
actual Mathilde right now listen your oh
my god that's such a cool thing to say
okay put it down how I going here the
except forget she's like the hostess put
a sign up oh fuck wait come back
can we stop you tickle me no we can't
kill it go dude just one Garrett what is
that oh the King Kong it does look a
little bit like King Kong it's a big cow
and with CDs hanging on it looking at me
I don't have to my music question if you
put that together what CD would that be
thank you yeah that's the collection of
youtuber hit ahh look at its booty purse
investigate it look hurt yeah there you
go and you can look at home right now
hey it's been what is this what's in my
bag sorry man I love what's in my bag
falls
what's in my bag wait look with a
missile first I have a driver's hahaha
I'm gonna dump it up fill it you can
tough it up I'm trying maybe it don't
work like that just put it down the girl
I'm gonna try to pee again okay while
you see I'm gonna try to break into what
is those what's your bottle of Windex
okay how do you know it's Linda's it
some of them blue okay so now here's a
door oh my hand is facetune ahhh what
youtubers houses it's me okay today's
are a couple team sit down go forward I
looked up how two pianos for pregnant
women hahahaha a little bit dirty scene
this is actually my apartment with what
is this microwave oh my god this is my
life really my life oh my god I would do
that
okay the fridge look inside of there
because of you oh no is that yeah
oh wait crouch down to look at the
magnet in the hair Oh scares let's go
investigate only up there okay that
right there yo know what I'm seven eight
we're going way up you'll find a pH of
these oh my god this is scary we gotta
go find a video we have a find out yes
yeah job upstairs oh I can play yeah
okay is a open door no no it's okay you
can open that door so that room right
there but what feel like there might be
a VHS player in there
it isn't like Easter egg hunting with
dad there might be an egg in that room
yeah
maybe you should go check it out piano
look at you oh they shut off the music
like what else it was on the floor Oh
this is what tinder what do you think oh
the TV we can play the VHS yes I don't
half of you yes you do
present you're good to go hello yeah oh
oh oh wait it's a video or the kick oh
oh you know what bad that's not me did
you find this guy fuck you
yeah can we kill these apples and I
throw my video cables up no you can
crouch down and look at my box or
whatever hell you have to dig out of it
another worthless fucking shit
okay that's BS I think you can talk
what's we're the only ones who try and
fucking or not we're not certain it he
does have a pretty cool but I know are
we rolling
yes we're rolling let's go god that's my
fucking around the grunge guy you get
nervous is that relatable discrete thing
fucking house we were just in Josh yeah
that's the idea if you're learning about
the hello you're going to gallon I was
regularly used to interactive how long
you say this place has been abandoned
the Chris Hardwick soju you are coming
out again you can just manned up I don't
know you're good you're the character of
intense eye problems
well maybe you can play here and make it
go happen really fast yeah computer
commentary column is unbelievable this
customers what the fuck was that that
one isn't me I'm the guy who's lost
right now here's the guy trying to spot
copin I'm crouched me a little bumpy
you're looking scary so much I really to
that lumpy ass
Tiffany Pollard is live I'm sorry
I will fit I am however gonna new yeah
this is a ripoff of lair where he's
doing the Blair Witch thing where he's a
pretty cool oh yeah
maybe he was a fuckin sick so children
he was not trying this is not the guy
we're mean yeah
that's a thumbnail bit every time
actually a single yeah and that's what
it's like to suck a dick for the first
time you ready oh shit you not do it
that's a little scary right I'm spooky
though haha oh you just broke your leg
like me but like a look at everything
scary here
no look this game looks beautiful it's
great I'm not a gamer I'm sure if I was
I love it but it's real the golf cart to
drive around okay what yeah okay imagine
if you were doing this in real life like
what if you came to this what would you
do that's so scary example ugh
yes would you walk into water in a
basement and out like a look at this
this is haunting as I'll get out is like
Titanic when Kate Winslet is like the
water she's grabbing the wood and it's
exactly what it's like and she's like
hello hello I was just like her hello
way to class knowing my Pegasus she says
that when she's in the paper and cut out
what's going on here I'm gonna cover
that clover to people sounds nothing
like it really does
do you see the spooky bowling it's a
fart can we draw her go oh now look what
a job even she is the only look is this
I was I tried like you're like random
target bags everywhere
that is what hall there is no harder
than commuters but you can't tackle any
efficient not scary
Trevor Baran is texting me you know
Trevor were kidding what if you can't
get out of them oh my god what if Trevor
said you found me Oh Kelly's named Oh
clam she's giving else if you like
you're taking losses so for lected
asking if there was like a sportsman who
lost a game like I'm gonna do a board on
board okay
what do you think happened here what a
mysterious thing right oh yeah yeah so
he's white stuff so we need to use uh
well the fire stupid hey God I found you
it's me it's Ethan she wants a date look
at her eat that's the face when you want
to do it you shouldn't be here what do
you mean you
contacted me no no I wait did I
Oh me in the morning fuck you where am I
daddy's coming we need to go this is me
after sleeping Oh looking good
sorry that's not we looked at bowl okay
she's playing so much she's acting she's
extra look look at her fucking extra ass
bitch
Shane stop dragging me fuck look at her
she's lying she's been drinking should
have wasn't me that was you bitch that's
his wife I don't know her I do not trust
her I can't fit in there
what if she tries oh you're too big it's
there let's hit New York is the life
stop yeah look we all live in New York
give it live anymore
it may have got stolen be concerned my
wife just got taken away away she did
and I resent you know now I feel bad
okay this is like my house it honestly
doesn't change house honestly like no
joke
Ksenia yeah what's he doing after all we
differ this bitch bring Fred worth
fucking destroy her how do it know how
did he do it your name Julia know how to
use the camera choke this bitch out
you'd call me Ryan
no look she's okay she's been sweet now
no no no look I just got a missing heart
look that's me look super scary I didn't
come after like five you I know a lot of
guys you should get this gameis here
first aid so we were letting her guys
step on her neck
no Lulu top agenda until she's all
mobsters know what she's fine guys she's
I take it I like tequila I came here to
save her no she obviously turned Shane
if this was you in a house and you would
tell I would kill you yeah look at this
mouse gonna get you I told you
I told you yeah I know I know I know I
know
oh yeah right in that rindaman I love
that last moment she loves it when the
light leaves their eyes for those caring
people yeah we're actually learning a
lot about Shane right now it's not real
I know but your thoughts are that's so
true
listen if this is real life I wouldn't
be here I know what I wouldn't kill
anybody but whatever watching video get
this good y'all me one no he doesn't see
me
we're having a reunion game over
look what all this serious about this is
going we don't you need to plan on which
of the game for the videos and I'm on a
little bit more when you do part two on
your jump you are what are you guys oh
my god that was out playing at the
scariest game ever listen I don't want
to get like drag for Resident Evil
favors and evil they listen I'm not a
gamer I don't know anything that games I
don't have to play them nothing scares
me but it looked really cool drew got
scared and he's like triggered I know
it's a great game not sponsored it's
really cool it looks awesome it's not if
I offend anybody there's one of those
games I've ever played in my life
also I hope nobody thinks that I'm a
serial killer I really just like
murdering things that aren't real as if
I can't do in real life that's fine I
guess
don't buy it you scary all right guys if
you want to see part two we're going to
keep playing this game over on Gears
channel go check it out
um also leave a thumbs up if you want us
to claim board games I don't know and to
judge much all right then look at the
many videos every single day and if you
want to see all of our other videos will
be explored scary haunted you're still
playing I know I can't read it if it's
so good I'm sorry I'm sorry going on
there you guys do other videos of us
exploring crazy scary haunted locations
open every to a plane which was
published written below alright you guys
I'll see you tomorrow and in one second
when you click over to go to your
channel and watch us keep playing but I
