so Gianna how was your day today what
the door you wouldn't even believe the
song half and three Rob please I want to
make my bag you're trying to realize my
boot and what you are trying to steal
Nightbeat are you Anna hi guys does that
count again where we are going to try
more lifehacks and hopefully hack my
life in half no seriously my life span
is short mainly because of all the fumes
I inhale all the fire that gets too
close to my face all the weird weird
things I eat I'm going to live in my
physical time when they died it like 20
oh I missed my death gotta go
I know okay we're going to do more have
some of these are dangerous and some of
them sorry all of them are stupid
especially this first one but it's so
fucking stupid
I'm so excited for it because it
involves my new favorite thing which is
a hat now as you guys know my life hack
is if I wear a hat I don't have to wash
my hair and hack successful but
sometimes when you're like walking
around and you're hiding your gross
nasty greasy dandruff your hair you get
a little hungry and you wish that there
was food just like right in front of
your face
well that's what this hack is going to
do so basically what you do is you put
on your hat Oh
sheltering yourself from the haters but
also sheltering the haters from your
dandruff now that the Hat is on we pick
a snack now I'm going to say a Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup because she's queen I
literally only got the Butterfinger Cup
so the Queen can have been executed on
episode solar eclipse nobody fucking
wants you and your disgrace to my kind
yeah
oh god I have barely I had a buttery
family best clear I feel nothing Oh
breeze has just badass bitch okay so
we're going to take one of the Reese's
Cups so all you do is tape up the resist
then you just hang it right from the top
of your hat and there you go you have a
problem but just think about it you
don't have to have it like hanging here
all day
you're going to hide it right here
nobody sees it and then when people
aren't looking no oh God
now this is like dog hair and fucking
fingernails Oh No okay hold on me show
you how easy this guy's this promise is
going to work okay look so easy
okay can you reach it see hmm
this is so much easier to just eating
food like a human cannot I can recommend
ah no this is a stupid I hate myself and
now that I did it
ah next hat okay now this one I'm
actually really excited about because
there is nothing I love more than a fun
DIY conscience that's a lie ever can i
watch and I think di well why don't you
just go buy one di why would you give us
with friends it's so ugly
hey everyone I'm DIY girl and today
we're going to be making our best friend
something for Valentine's Day so we're
going to seeing a bunch of some pictures
and gluing them on this ugly fucking
board and like drawing all over it with
sharpies and we're not fucking artists
so it looks like shit and then we would
Korean glitter and give it to her
friends and say this is because they
love you
so let me know down the comments how
many of you did this and how many of
your friends said fucking celebrate cut
okay see guys makes me think yeah like
when you're a bi white girl and you make
a lot of money but you better be buying
me a car you better not be making any
one other topic with this know what I'm
in this bender for but anyways DIY first
is Krystal fuck you're welcome first of
all I got lucky charms because I'm Irish
and fat no
just want to eat it that's it that's it
also I love on the back of the box they
try to give all the little marshmallows
personalities I love eating things with
back stories like this one pain is mr.
clover face and I can have this like mr.
mega muscle blueberry I love that they
all are personalities that I hate makes
it even more fun when I kill them with
my mouth oh ok real quick before we make
this DIY just have a handful
marshmallows that's probably how these
GLI girls do it like okay we gotta see
this video but first but first copy cut
to them like nah drinking coffee and
eating a whole box of Lucky Charms look
at my fans at the copy attic oh gosh
always we go
it's all right back to DIY okay so what
do you do is first you have to like fix
that because if you're like me and you
open up things like a fucking crazy fat
angry monster they end up looking like
this so we're just going to tape this
back so I want iversity like this
because I want to be more like the size
clutch because I kind my DIY grow
on-the-go constantly like I'm always
going to meetings which is actually just
meet my friends going to a cafe and
getting lattes and donuts but only
taking pictures of the lattes and not
treating them and only eating the donuts
I'm really busy
okay so let's cut open where our purse
hole is going to be which is here and I
love cutting where the nutritional facts
are because I just wanna pretend like
those didn't happen alright yeah just
make those disappear
have you ever calculated to see how many
calories are in the whole box of Lucky
Charms me neither
because I would need a DIY do you have
to think about your own funeral I think
about it a lot do you think a DIY girls
and make their own casket oh my god
fucking a makeup tutorial for your
funeral fucking my dead look you're
welcome gurus I just gave you your next
tag ok so here is our little flock for
our little fingers and what I meant was
huge slop rubbing all dude
so now we just have to make this strap
so I got shoelaces so we are just going
to put these through here and tie both
ends ok and now we have our party oh my
god I kind of love it wait
give you a full lock oh my god like
actually you know this is not bad
I found it love this oh sorry my wee-wee
meeting
oh hold on I have a brain deal in here
and just get it I'm not sorry so we
fought like this is actually not that
bad like I feel like it's a statement
like it definitely said it's helped hold
on let me put some like actual items in
here what's in my credit hey guys
welcome to it wasn't my first haul so
first I have these beats to lock out the
haters you broke our brush can't hear
you a design ID but you've just heard me
because you responded yes I did hear you
well these didn't work but as my
sunglasses to shield me something eaters
I can't see you I can still see you
broke bitch can't eat I'm working and
then you have my love would Jesus do
notepad seriously what would you do
fucking tell me fucking talk to me Buffy
where are you okay peez not working okay
so my next life hack is something that
I'm actually really excited to try
because I saw a video of this and it
looked pretty fucking good now this is
roasting Darbar not like roasting them
like this you'll never risk it although
that would be fun
roasting candy although we heard you did
that earlier with that tragic bitch
butterfingers nobody want
she's barreled it so what we're going to
do is hit obscure birth I got a pink one
and we are just going to blow torch it
so supposedly it makes it taste like
crazy good like it makes the outside and
burn and crunchy and then the inside all
gooey I'm fucking ready for this so
let's just put this on top of nice and
we'll cook it if I have to show us who's
networks output it would be like hey
everyone I know you just watched Rachael
Ray cook up a huge holiday dinner and I
know apology made an entire Turkey well
there is the bar
here we go
oh my god oh my god okay okay wait
instead I was not expecting this I need
protection grab my purse here we go
let's try this again
whoo it just melted through my first
pass and you know to not getting this
shit ugly I want you to really see how
fucking intensive whoa okay okay
chica chica she's ready so here she is
oh my god I mean it just kind of looks
like a melted starburst so I don't know
if it's gonna be awkward I'm ready here
we go oh my god that is so good oh my
god what's wrong wrong it's like it's
like crunchy on the outside like a
liqueur creme brulee all right that's
fancy
what I meant to say was pudding skin but
then when you get passed out burning
skin and it's like creamy on the inside
oh my god that it's hot it's mortgage
buoys this is this is doing it again
we're doing it okay you know I'm going
to change up my strategy here and I
think what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to lay them all out on that box
and then just burn them all oh wait okay
these are pink ones that was the red one
now confused are they all different see
wait these are all different
ah it's too much well now I want to try
a big one all right let's just do the
pink one all right one two three
this one is going crazy
oh my god
okay all right forget cool who wouldn't
smell ooh that's good
I mean not for me it's definitely
chemical but oh my god
oh good dinner is served oh my god okay
it looks like I just killed lucky he's
like I murdered him which is what I'm
going to do later after this videos okay
here we go oh my god oh my god oh my god
hold on okay here we go oh oh this is
incredible
okay if you don't have a blowtorch at
home just change for any server and put
it on like something and put it over the
stove it'll be the same thing it's
fucked up how good this is this is crazy
DIY bro listen up stop it with this shit
nobody wants this they want burn
starbursts itch looking's burn about two
servers and put in like a heart-shaped
box just wrap it up bitch oh that's
amazing so this next hack is very stupid
and I feel like I've already done it
before but fuck it we'll do it again and
this is a Hot Cheetos contour no no
there's a lot of like DIY contours out
there but none of them are quite like
this so what I'm going to do is take the
hot cheetos and put them in this little
Kenzi makeup case and then we're just
going to crush them yeah and just make a
duh
perfect and now that you have your
cheeto dust you can take your brush and
we are just going to put that in our
Cheetos now I know you're thinking Shane
why don't I just use red makeup and my
answer to that would be why are you
watching my video you could be reading a
book you could literally be doing
anything else but instead you are
choosing to watch a grown man cook a
star birth with a blowtorch how do you
feel okay now that we have our cheeto
dust all over our makeup brush we're
going to see if this actually work it
also might bring my skin but it's okay
she's already ruined right here we go
does that not do anything Rach wait or
is my space RT box up in red I don't
know but they're not work but I plucked
it all right you know what I'm just
going to go old school and I'm going to
rub a cheeto on my face I don't need a
barrage
here we go oh oh wait okay hold on now
we can use the brush for blending when
he's buff out the facts are you not
ready for my guru life oh wow that kind
of work
wait hold on oh my god I'm feeling us
well let's get out oh I am NOT gonna lie
first of all terminated Holly I'm not
gonna lie
it looks kind of good right Wow I look
like a middle of the room hold on hey
everyone welcome to my Channel today I'm
going to be making a DIY hankie right
out of one of my favourites me it's hot
cheetos and i'm just going to take my
breasts and I would put it insanely he
knows any man I mean I know any of these
are my main singer renewing it really
brings out my inner spiciness also
what's better than having a megabit you
Guinea those are very hot
although I don't know whose voice that
was I just love them groove is hang on
aliens okay so this last hack is also
kind of a gift I feel like these are
more gift ideas than half but I love
that I just want you guys to give your
friends something that will make them
want to double your friend I want to be
the only person in your life possession
with them this is pizza art now if
you're a friend you like pieces the
perfect gift for them and now I know
what you're thinking Shane why not just
get some pizza well because that makes
too much sense instead we're going to
take a pizza you take a white piece
paper flap them together and make art
for it but I feel like this actually
might be kind of cute so I'm really
gonna try out so I guess you don't use
this kind of like the paintbrush and
there's a place yeah this is ascension
oh my god contour is killing it when I'm
a beauty guru added art channel hey guys
welcome back to my apartment
we are going to be doing a really cute
cutie that's my face
yes accurate okay well this is just
looking like crap but maybe if we like
keep going and make like a pattern under
the galaxy the galaxy
oh my god if pizza galaxy was real bitch
something on the rock and throw my ass
in space
oh my god compete the galaxy beanie Oh
nacho way done what is God is a burrito
bitch that just changes the game that
just changes the Bible oh gee I'm
kidding
I don't be blasphemous but I'm hungry
okay now that we have our pizza art done
let's see how it looks and ha-ah like
looking into a mirror really um like you
know what I can see this being in an art
gallery like I can see somebody charging
a lot of money for this and calling it
like peeps on my heart or piece of my
mind
oh fuck I'm gonna sign this got it if
you want to buy my piece of my mind it
will be up on my Etsy and starting bid
is 3,000 and none of it will be going to
charity I clean you know where I kind of
like this I think I might actually bring
this I think it's kind of cool and that
crazy am I actually losing my mind yet
boy I gotta be so super off my fucking
stupid that fast
today I don't know if you want me to
make more hack videos I hope you do
because they're like making them give me
a selfless oil and also subscribe my
channel down below cuz I make new videos
them for today and if you did any of
these house please let me know down the
comments also let me know down the
comments if you've ever given your
friend a gift that you made and are you
friends still I'm going to know if you
let a lot of hackers over you know barn
hey everyone I'm even cold and today I'm
going to do a what I see today now I
know a lot of you guys are thinking I
wonder what they eat well surprise were
just like you except we all wear robes
live in a basement pray to a god we
don't even know
for the aliens to come back to the
personal about you bow ties that were
like you
