guys whose pocket I like they're true
and we played a game of fart or queen
we do a lot of crazy stuff we talked
about sexy talking about drugs we talked
about youtubers making talking many of
that but we just talking about a lot of
fun stuff go check it out link on their
psychological achievement by
have to be guys yes I don't know I was
like okay what's like another weird kind
of creepy idea for a food video and then
I was like woo
why does the devil eat then I was like
boo I could do like a tasting cannibal
food then I realized that would be
people and I'm not against that I just
don't know any people so then I came up
with the idea of why don't we do out
what I eat in a day if you're in a cult
hey everyone I'm a bit cold and today
I'm gonna do what I hate today
no nobody other didn't he I wonder what
they eat no surprise were just like you
except we all wear robes live in a
basement pray do we got to be going to
know and wait for the aliens to come
back to super slow down who's emphasized
that were like you okay so let's start
with breakfast now every day I like to
wake up in my bunk and slip into
something a little more comfortable like
Burges life then I like your hand on
over to the kitchen just slap five times
on my leader then I make up the kitchen
table to make sure it's clean enough to
eat off of and then I eat my food okay
so I looked up like what people in
quotes actually but I'm talking about
hope that you literally have to murder
somebody to get it and they like to
start off their dating with break back
oh no this is real
by the way I don't know what colds
actually murder people I'm not trying to
start drama like I'm not trying to get
dragged by the cult leader cuz like well
he would even want to drag me he'd be
like you don't fit our aesthetic like
that my truck is just not killing it on
your body type and we have a scene going
on here so we're asleep
oh okay back to the booth so they like
to start your day with a nice bowl of
grape nuts which if you're not aware is
ass cancer no that's an actual thing I
have ally relatives at Abbott
I'll probably get it this is taking a
dark turn when I met was a squirter
great nuts so basically it's like awful
awful awful growl
a tree like it tastes like wood yes
they're advertising it to children like
I'm sorry thing but the fat lady has
sung and you're older like what k1c
great nut probably a kid that turned
into a cult leader and kills it fucking
kills it getting pussy
alright so let's fill up our goal is
going to be depression think you're that
oh it looks like ground-up foam see if I
was a cult leader that's what I would
serve
I need aside to look I would be serving
my grandpa Oh like organs movies and so
kind of avocado TV - okay now this is
where it starts to get real weird a lot
of cults don't like using milk because
it's expensive so they use powdered milk
now I don't know what that means but
like honestly to me out of all the crazy
things that cult people do this is the
craziest like bitch Bible why don't you
save money by buying less candles and
spend money on them okay so let's mix
this up with some water okay so I'm
going to put it in my clean cat nog
which if I had a quote would probably be
leader isn't it scary to think of a
youtuber could probably start a cold
like there would be some weird Sam's
that would actually be like okay I can
think about there are any different
youtubers that would do that and it
would be like welcome to my fault
now everybody you know what you have to
do today say it with me yes you can live
alright here we go
let's make milk oh okay all right let's
mix it up
Oh oh my god
Oh oh god I did this wrong although ice
cream okay I need to drive it
oh my god Oh Oh all right you know I mix
it as much as I could let's just throw
in the great nothing call it a morning
right here we go breakfast deserve mmm
Oh Paula waking up about it in your cup
oh my god oh my god you know what means
good me when I'm thinking about joining
a cult like I know they say that murder
is good but like maybe they're right
yeah I need to stay away from all told
because they'll get me all right let's
take a big old book it's not good a
felon being converted this is fucking
good or is it I'm changing my mind I'm
slowly leaving the cult Leah Remini hell
you want to see like in he's like a cat
breath like after he's eaten his food
and then linked up his milk and then
screams in your face because he does not
want your attention that's exactly this
tastes like and it's hitting me MEMS by
the way is menacing protectorates
somebody on YouTube say the other day
they were like oh my god them men and I
want to do fucking bend myself in the
fucking head which if I did in a video
like if I really punch myself in the
head so hard I let that would be because
two men make food okay so that was
breakfast now we're living as a bunch so
after a long day of doing chores and
cleaning up around the house and laying
around naked while my leaders steps on
me I think about a month but before that
happens I think about what am I going to
have for lunch today and then I remember
I don't have a choice
so my leader takes his foot off of my
head and says come on girls come to the
cafeteria and that's very suppose me my
rights with gravy and meat chunk things
leaner ha
now I googled this and I read a lot of
articles and I watched a lot of videos
and this is like
- meal for hope this is rice gravy and
it doesn't jump to me so I did note that
met so I just got like little sausage
chunks I honestly don't think it look
like that like I know being in a cult is
like possible because I do have no
choices and like somebody's controlling
you but like these so cute but I love me
some little mini sausages okay here we
go
ooh get a big ol bite of that you know
it some more and look at it at the
growth rate low which is how I think
about the world so I wanted to be cold I
love their deal in the world it's ending
right here god oh my god is doing updos
good this video bomb Michael had because
all this good is he want to join how if
Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers could
advertise the wake hopes do there would
be a lot of people in their doors oh no
this is actually kind of bomb and I'm
not mad at it like the sausages are
fucking weird which by the way when I
was looking for meat chunks I just lady
Ralph like weird bonito fat
she's like under your shirt but in the
same aisle that I found these little
chunks I found BAM single single single
and on the fact that the picture of a
doughnut with spaceman that might be a
bagel but you know what for comedic
purposes that's a doughnut who would do
that me in my next video know why the
fuck who the fuck who thought this is a
good idea
BAM are you hope because that would be
the only reason people would value if
they were like bullshit if the fan
leader with like you said buy this shit
I'm gonna make them a single oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh that fucked
yeah I'll stick to my cold food oh yeah
you know I just realized we haven't even
taken a dream the most famous cold
drinks variants the kool-aid now listen
in Suncoast where they kill themselves
because they want to go be with their
alien guys they like to mix kool-aid
with poison 500 compromised I just got
something called the kool-aid jammer
which to me sounds poisonous the fact
that the kool-aid man is like riding
around on a jet ski is deadly and just
the scariest point can you imagine being
in the ocean and seeing the kool-aid man
on a jet ski first of all the glass
alone is a hazard if he crashes you know
that's going to cut up a whole Beach
second of all why the fuck is he on
public the Nesquik Bunny she stayed home
she knows her place in her whole cooling
man alright let's try it
god that's good
never mind it's kool-aid let me think of
that like I hate mr. kool-aid man I'm
lovely no relationships next food so now
that we've had lunch in our leader
sources to throw it all back up it's
time to start thinking about dinner now
usually we go out sacrifice an animal
together and then we spend less but
tonight we're doing like a simple little
sandwich and that is this amazing beet
carrot and raised in the sandwich on old
ass white bread want to join oh my god
this is real this is a little website a
cult actually eats this for dinner by
the way we just like to take a moment to
realize like I made this and like that's
a lot of effort and I'm like look at
that like I don't play some Instagram
shit I mean if your whole life has
tagged brush five just like you and your
girls sitting around your hooded robe
hanging out eating bread oh what a cool
tea day alright let's take a big ol bite
of this growth fucking piece of shit
wet Oh God
okay oh I like to leave the pole oh my
god I could never be in this boat I
can't hang hi excuse me leader yeah hi
um love this love my bunk love all my
book mates all of them love my office
always really flattering love killing
babies love it like babies for loud
they're annoying down in the heart done
like all that's great just sandwich not
killing it but you know not even close
to the way we kill those babies so I
think I would go and then he'd make a
video called exposing routier tubers and
say Shane's enemy by calls I love my
leader
oh so one thing I learned about cold is
that the leader gets eat whatever the
fuck they want they have like a whole
separate fridge and freezer and pantry
and shed like some Richie Rich at level
shit like landing in Fitz we're talking
to go orders we're talking homemade
fucking piece of whatever they want so I
was just at the store shopping for props
for this video and I saw this ice cream
and I was like this in real life I
wouldn't eat this but that's a cult
leader I would try it this is like some
poison I'm not going to like give it
promo because like this is not fun but
this is like some gelato ass shit with
like some fucking peanut butter cups in
it box hold on I need a spoon I don't
need a spoon let's just get right into
it oh my god oh my god can you see that
a whole lot you're ready to join my cold
Michael is just us eating this like ones
in a while we kill a virgin but like
it's usually just leaving this oh my god
fuck all right oh my god how do I do it
if that's my cult you sound that's our
new text Oh whenever your leader test
better pick it up okay all right look
get in the house why are you watching
this why am I making this why am I not
just on my couch eating this oh my god
this is so good fuck guys welcome to my
cold okay last but not least I read
about this one called
where if you were overweight they would
wire your mouth shut and they would
force you to like three
we're just technically a shake so I
thought it might be fun if I got the
most expensive milkshake in LA that
comes with a fucking Twinkie in it but I
wanted an excuse to drink this and like
I can't and realize because I'll die but
in the video it's fine so this is called
the big one and it literally has every
candy bar ever made and then a Twinkie
in the middle of it hold on we show this
look at her look at her just hanging out
like rooftop party what like chilling
with the besties who she's fucking
killing it
here we go I think this is a nice little
finale for holt
you know what was stabbed right in the
Twinkie oh my god I'll push her down oh
this could make me convert holy shit
okay here we go oh my gosh I just got my
new leader it's the big one oh that is
crazy
I literally taste it I think every candy
ever made oh and the Twinkie we need to
get a fight of us with you hold on let
me find her oh okay her rise from the
ashes what a survivor you can be in my
cold okay let's try that
soggy a little bit look oh my god that's
that wrong like yes it actually tastes
like a literal bomb it but it's vomit
after Sunday probably Halloween or
horror night something that involves a
lot of candy and a lot of ice cream and
a lot of men okay yes that was me trying
to gaze words of Colt food I don't know
let me know if you guys like this I
enjoyed it I know this is different I'm
trying to do like different stuff on
this channel and I don't just want to
like try food and be like oh it's a taco
like I don't know I thought this is so
fun cold food I don't know a fuck if you
liked it and you want me to do more
weird videos give me a thumbs up sign
and maybe I'll do more I really want to
try people so bad if you guys know
anyone that wants to like give up an arm
as let me level awesome Jenna Jenna I
gotta make a video everybody
and I'll see you little cult members
tomorrow Bank Oh Joey Joey
