hey what's up guys what is Destry
welcome back to you what does plus 5
there's nothing I hate more than a
stupid fucking teenager no mortgage
every time I watch a horror movie I want
to feel like 50 times I'm like oh don't
go in there don't do it
run bet you can't stand there what do
you deal with a good job now you're
fucking dead meanwhile everyone around
me is like shut the fuck up ah
Sabrina's little buck lie because of
these five things we know not to do
because of horror movie number one don't
backwards crab walk away from bad guys
but let's give them the Olympics for
backwards fucking crab walking I'm
pretty sure you're not going to outrun a
fully grown man with two perfectly
working legs little back - you actually
have a higher chance of outrunning a
murderer by running not by doing a
backwards crab walk and I'm pretty sure
that is now my quote of the year so when
people in the future look back and say
who are the greatest philosophers of
2017 now y'know so I left here in a
world or there's a movie where you can
only backwards crab walk just don't
fuckin do it coming 2018 from the
creator of the like airbender movie and
the writer of puffy jackets
see a monster comes crab-walk starring
Dan Christensen as the murderer and
Kristen Stewart as a female lead that
can only that what's crab walk might say
why does it move eat this I wanted to
drink bleach and choke my nephew after I
saw this shit you'll be prepared to
stare blankly at a movie with
relentlessly bad acting grad wah
number 2 don't investigate that noise
you just heard because you know what
it's probably a fucking murderer or a
demon and lost your soul in fact
statistics show that 7 out of 4 noises
that you hear at night are actually
demons or murderers that is that is a
wheel size it's actually an alternative
fact as Donald Trump's press secretary
would say so just don't be one of those
dumb fucking bitches in horror movies
it's like oh my god
what is that loud snarling sound coming
from my attic which has absolutely zero
fucking life and no other doors to
escape I'm going to go check it out no
stop it
and this will only really pertains to
horror movies because like your normal
life 9 out of 10 times the sound that
you hear is going to be like a dog doing
something or like like some trees
rustling with some shit but in horror
movies it's always a murderer hear some
noise when you're getting up to pee in
the middle of the night
going down the lake and here's the
rustling in the bushes murderer you're
going to McDonalds here's some noise in
the back me look in your rear-view
mirror and boom murderer
and then he stabs you in your throat and
has the audacity to steal your bribe not
only is he a murderer everybody's also a
fucking asshole so bottom line just
don't oh dear
because if you own ears you're probably
fucked number three don't fuck with
Ouija board just don't I don't
understand the urge to want to
communicate with dead people you know
what's cooler than summoning the demon
living the long and happy life without
being possessed by Satan that should be
a no-brainer
like whatever the result with a Ouija
board you're going to be disappointed
either eh nothing happens but be some
demon decides to use your body to seduce
people vomit green shit and spin your
neck fully around the bat sounds fun
no admittedly actually use the Ouija
board once you ask the spirit if I would
ever have a girlfriend and the spirit
dispelled out hahahahaha til my wrist
got tired so just do yourself a favor
don't fuck with Ouija boards the better
off playing fucking Jumanji Jumanji has
fuckin assassins and rhinos and shit so
just dumb
number four don't buy at all or don't
let someone give you a fucking doll okay
I don't really understand about movies
like Chucky or Annabelle is like if you
saw this doll would you really be like
idea but to plug out every time I walk
in a room a crazy fucking doll faces
staring at me it's awesome also if your
grandma who is the oldest sweetest lady
alive is like I want you to have this
doll I kept it from my youth I don't
care how hard it is row that shit back
in her face and tell her to get you a
normal as present stop your job grandma
it's crying so for grandparents out
there please don't get your
grandchildren fuckin doll we don't want
them if you have granddaughter she
probably wants One Direction version if
you have a grandson you probably want to
test out people much older than him and
call them duty you're welcome and
finally number five never go with
irresponsible friends to a cabin in the
woods but Dennis you my friend and says
kick on Slate ounces no I don't want to
fucking near it what tell me how cool
Chad's lake house is when you're being
skull fucked by an axe murderer it's
real simple if you're a teenager and
your friends are like hang on let's go
to my dad's net Carlton putting some
alcohol and not some naughty sex you'll
I don't know why use Jamaican but you
say no way Stephen I'm good fucking
Stephen fuck that guy I know teenagers
have their hormones raging or whatever
and there's only a matter of time before
they both does anything I know about sex
it's that if you do it you're a sinner
and you're going to hell but also it can
fucking wait
at least until you're not in a cabin in
the fucking wood but what in the fuck is
your lord having sex in a cabin anyway
and I got it somehow I can spin glass I
want and knowing every mode another I
can found an every position on every
piece of furniture I'm a past cat yell
at me actually that sounds great I now
understand why people have sex and
gathered but still don't do it it's a
trafficking crime anyways guys that's it
for today's video
I gotta listed like 50 fucking whore but
because they do a video not being 20
minutes all ended there but tomorrow
would probably include make sure to
shoot the murderer twice don't have
shitty cell phone service when you're in
the middle of nowhere make sure to not
fumble your keys for 20 fucking minutes
make sure your car starts before you go
to the car that you're trying to run to
you by the flesh covered books titled
barbed wire in a room that's moment
death probably don't need it that many
just run away and eat a burrito and
stuff you know just basic stuff anyway
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did make sure to give it a like and
also subscribe to this channel as there
will be more every single week also be
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash cat net that's where I just
uploaded a weapons up news a lot of
stuff has been caught on in the world
lately and yeah I thought I'd make a
video to report on all of that great and
terrible shit terribly great shit I
would I would have to say yo my name is
red pepper nice not amaz'd
killers yo please leave that said guys
we'll see you next time for another what
the fuck 5 thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
