one what you are about to watch may make
you question everything you thought you
knew viewer discretion is advised hey
what's up you guys yes welcome back now
you might have noticed a few changes
around here
we got a new intro and your background
same shirt but the main thing that is
going to change with these conspiracy
videos is I'm going to go even darker so
if you are triggered by suicide or
murder or possible abuse of children and
Hollywood then you might want to leave
this video now today we're gonna talk
about a lot of different theories some
involving the secrets of battle some
involving a possible world war 3 and
we're even gonna talk to the star of
Riverdale Madelene bench about some of
the very disturbing
Riverdale conspiracy theories alright
you guys let's get into it
that's right we're starting with Apple
conspiracies and you might have noticed
another little thing I added before
every conspiracy from now on I'm gonna
put a little believability scale one
Illuminati sign means this shit stupid
but five Illuminati signs means this
isn't even a theory and this is a fact
and that's exactly what this first one
is so we have been talking about Apple
purposely slowing down our phones every
time they have a new one coming out
forever and then recently we learned
that it's true
today's tech bites Apple admits to
slowing down older iPhones so apple says
it slows down the processors on older
iPhones to prevent battery issues that
could cause the phones to suddenly shut
down or restart now over the years
there's been tons of studies about this
every time a new iPhone comes out the
Google search results for why is my
iPhone slowing down skyrocket well
people started going from theorizing to
actually pursuing lawsuits against Apple
and because of all these lawsuits Apple
finally admitted what we
as lithium batteries age they get weaker
so we had to slow the phone to avoid the
phone's crashing to compensate for the
naturally deteriorating battery or in
other words we purposely slowed down
your phones you fucking idiots and the
only reason they admitted this was
because they were getting sued and it
makes you wonder what else are they
hiding I mean think about it
Apple owns us they have our private
photos or voice memos our finger prints
our face scans and they claim that they
keep it all private but they also claim
that they didn't slow down their phone
so life imitating art we've seen it over
and over again Donald Trump being the
president on The Simpsons and then
Donald Trump being president in real
life a statue in the 1600s and then
Lindsay Lohan passed out in 2007 outside
a club and then of course a crazy one
Walter White on Breaking Bad and then
right after the show premiered it was a
real Walter White who got caught
building a massive meth Empire in
Alabama and then sometimes there's ones
that are too dark to even think about
but I said we were gonna go there so
let's go now back in 2008 the woman in
Jodi arias murdered her ex-boyfriend
Travis Alexander Travis Alexander never
had a chance and she did this by
stabbing him 29 times slitting his
throat and then shooting him in the head
now the craziest part about this murder
she was taking pictures while she was
doing it now Alexander was in the shower
and Jodi walked into the bathroom
holding a digital camera well then she
opened up the shower door and started
taking pictures now she said it was just
for fun
I was like I just have an idea
I saw this thing in accountant Klein at
once they looked really good and this is
the darkest part here is the picture she
took right as she pulled out the knife
and this is the last picture of him
alive huh that picture is so terrifying
to me the look on his face the subtlety
of a fear confusion it's just awful the
one that you showed me mr. Dayton
looking right at you well the next
picture after that is him on the floor
after he has just been stabbed now
you're probably wondering Shane what
does this have to do with life imitating
art well when all of these pictures came
out people started noticing that it
looked familiar now I'm sure you guys
remember the famous scene from the movie
psycho where the main character got
stabbed to death in her shower well then
people started taking the famous shots
from that scene putting them next to the
last pictures of Travis and they are
eerily identical
uh-huh and I don't think it was
premeditated
I don't think Jody went into that saying
oh I want a remake psycho I think the
universe has a way of connecting things
like that they see directors have a
vision well what if Alfred Hitchcock did
have a vision and in his vision he saw
the scene happening so he recreated it
in his movie what if that vision was of
Travis what if the universe put that in
his head what if that's what happened
with the Simpsons or with Breaking Bad
it makes you think what if everything is
planned out and everything is connected
and what if we can look at a heart and
try to predict what's gonna happen in
the future I mean if there's a movie
called world war three life will
definitely imitate that and probably
soon now we've talked about news
channels faking things for a long time
they've been caught setting up a crime
scene and filming in front of it even
though it didn't exist as many as four
bodies may be buried here it can get
really fucked up really fast on June 4th
CNN got accused of staging and anti-isis
protests in London now this is a
behind-the-scenes clip and it's insane
so first you see them setting up the
shot of the protest then you see the
producers putting all of the protesters
in their place and then you see the
producers laying down flowers in front
of the protesters feed and putting
flowers on their hands and then moments
later you see what it looks like on the
actual news you don't want to show you
now viewers it's a wonderful scene there
are flowers on the street here and
ladies with hashtag turn to love yeah
they literally act like oh here we are
we just caught a protest we saw them
placing people we saw them handing them
signs putting flowers at their feet
now of course CNN came out and said no
no no it was not fake we just set up a
shot and we had some of the protesters
from over there come over here and maybe
that's true but it's hard to believe the
news sometimes when they do things like
this good morning well obviously we're
getting a nice break from the rain but
not the flooding this is essentially now
a part of the Passaic River and this
neighborhood yeah she was in a fucking
canoe just to scare everybody oh my god
the waters so high we're in canoes but
one of my favorite moments of the news
getting caught faking something happened
with Nancy Grace now in this clip Nancy
Grace is doing a satellite interview
with another reporter ha kinda looks
similar right I want you to pay
attention to the red truck and the bus
red truck red truck bus bus Nancy Grace
and the woman she's having a satellite
interview with is in the same parking
lot you see this red SUV drive behind
Ashleigh Banfield and then immediately
behind Nancy Grace and not just the same
parking lot three parking spots away
from each other what why did they do a
satellite interview why are they
thinking that I mean that was insane but
the biggest scandal of all time when it
comes to faking the news is this clip
back in 1990 a CNN reporter named
Charles Jaco was covering the Persian
Gulf War now he's supposedly in Saudi
Arabia outside of a hotel
well then an angry staff member at CNN
leaked this clip years later geopolitics
by Dan Quayle I know what you're
thinking well maybe they're just having
fun but then he starts playing with what
looks to be a prop of a missile this is
a Scud now when you detect this you can
tell it's been launched thank you
I know like why well then he starts
playing with his emergency masks
let me just sighs my mask and fit it for
a second just like I always do it seems
kind of like a set right there's no wind
when the camera pans over you see some
wood it almost looks like a fake wall
well but then you see what it looks like
when he's reporting live
to show you where the missiles might be
going like wow that's different he's
panicking holding his earpiece well
remember earlier in the clip when he was
asking whether or not he should test out
that facemask you're about to find out
why CD if you need to take cover I
notice that you've got your gas mask in
your hands if you need to put it on
wheels do so at home to take cover
I'd say I mean come on now you're
probably wondering what did that man say
when this clip started to go viral well
he sent an email to the person that
posted the clip and he said this our
coverage was on the roof of a hotel the
plywood background was erected as a
guard against the sand and wind storms
and the clowning around in the video is
just that we use black humor to deflect
the tension of covering scud missile
assaults and then he showed some
pictures of what the actual hotel in
Saudi Arabia looks like and it looks
pretty similar you have the blue walls
you have the palm trees you can even see
the plywood that they set up to guard
from the winds and as much as I hate to
say this because you know how much I
love a conspiracy
I believe I mean all the proof is there
it was years ago why would he still lie
about it but man oh that clip was weird
side note that's something I want to
start incorporating more into these
videos too if I find out that a theory
I've talked about has been debunked I
want to bring it up because I think
people should be looking deeper and
deeper into them and not just thinking
everything is true because some of these
theories end up being bullshit boy oh I
almost look stupid whoo-hoo
I know what you're thinking Shane how
are their conspiracy theories about
wildfires I had the same question then I
fell down the hole on the internet and
oh my god so as you already know there
have been so many fires spreading
through California the last few months
and some of the footage is insane right
off the freeway an entire Mountain
filled with flames celebrity's house is
getting evacuated thank God for this
event this morning because I got up at
5:30 and everyone came to the house and
they're like we need to leave and the
fires are incredibly spread out but some
of the footage of the aftermath had a
lot of people confused so the recent
California fires are very strange and
suspects in drone footage of the
aftermath we see houses completely
obliterated and turned to ash while the
surrounding landscapes and trees are
totally fine that's right if you look at
some of this footage all of the houses
are completely leveled but then all the
trees in the neighborhood are fine
you'll notice here that stores and
restaurants are wiped out while other
things are still in perfect shape well
that I looked into it a couple
scientists came out and said well the
trees are wetter than usual so that's
why they're not that flammable but then
I did a quick google and I found a lot
of videos of neighborhood trees burning
down to nothing now one of the craziest
clips I think I've ever seen is a clip
of a tree that a guy found that was
burning from the inside out a haunting
but mesmerizing scene from the wildfires
in Sonoma County a man came across this
tree burning from the inside out
now that situation doesn't happen in a
forest fire
the only time trees really burned like
that is when they're struck by lightning
I know that was intense but this is what
the trees look like right after that
yeah
they look exactly like the tree that
supposedly caught fire during one of the
wildfires so you're probably thinking
Shane where is this going
one word lasers laser okay hear me out I
know this sounds crazy and I a hundred
percent thought it was bullshit until I
really started looking into it now the
theory is that the government might have
been testing out some direct weapons now
these weapons would be in the form of
lasers and the damage they would cause
would be way worse than any fire could
do imagine if the government did figure
out how to do laser weapons kind of
damage they can do to their enemies
here's a laser of a power of 1 watt
a 1 watt laser can light a match imagine
then the power of a 500 trillion watt
laser that's exactly what they've built
here at the National Ignition facility
in California yeah that's right they
literally are building that giant laser
in California now this is the craziest
part in a movie back in the 80s called
the Robocop this happened top story
Santa Barbara 10,000 acres of wooded
residential land were scorched in an
instant when a laser cannon aboard the
Strategic Defense peace platform ha
literally
laser weapons hit the same exact
locations that the California wildfires
are and here's the thing that's even
crazier when a fire burns down a house
it still leaves some of the house yeah
it's black and yeah it's all fucked up
but there's a little bit of structure
still there but when you look at the
aftermath of these California wildfires
there is nothing not just houses have
been leveled down to the ground but even
cars glass and metal have been melted so
how could glass and metal in these cars
be melted how could these houses be
leveled down to nothing lasers
now remember earlier when I showed you
that clip of the tree that was burning
from the inside out now supposedly that
happened from the wildfires but it
looked more like it happened from
getting struck by lightning and what did
that clip look like lasers
there's even tons of clips of people
saying that their own house lit on fire
but nothing around them did there was no
other fire around us it just caught some
of the shrub I guess embers I'm not sure
and to this day we still don't know the
true reason why all of these fires so
far apart from each other happened yeah
they're saying the high winds and the
dry land but these specific fires were
some of the biggest fires in history and
this is the final thing I heard that
made me think maybe this isn't complete
bullshit now Trump is all about winning
if we go into a war he wants to conquer
it I'm really good at where I love war
in a certain way if we have a big weapon
he probably wants to make it bigger
where I could stand in the middle of
Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I
wouldn't lose any voters okay so if he
found out that the government did have
the capability of laser weapons and he
knew that North Korea is really wanting
us dead right now then why wouldn't he
want to do a test and see how the lasers
worked I want to be unpredictable but
obviously he can't test it on another
country because then that would start a
war and what place in his own country
does he hate more than anywhere else
Los Angeles some celebs are just not a
fan of the Donald he despises the people
in Hollywood he despises celebrities
because they all talk shit about him
he loves tweeting about KFC and
beautiful chocolate cake and put them
all together and this is what you get so
why wouldn't he press that button and
say you know what fuck it let's blow up
LA it's lasers
because if you remember some of the most
affected people by these fires were
celebrities comedian Chelsea Handler
tweeted just evacuated my house
it's like Donald Trump is setting the
world on fire so not only did Trump get
a test out these laser weapons but he
gotta get some revenge on some of his
Hollywood enemies I'm about to rock this
place down now listen I know that all
sounds very crazy but let's not forget
about life imitating art 10,000 acres of
wooded residential land were scorched in
an instant when a laser cannon misfired
today during routine startup tests so
there has been some pretty dark rumors
about some people in charge over at
Nickelodeon for a while and recently a
threat on Twitter started to go viral
now besides the fact that there are some
pretty sexual and creepy images in some
of these Nickelodeon shows there's also
some very creepy jokes that probably
shouldn't be in a kid show one time my
brother found a vacuum cleaner and I
church basement you took it home and now
I keeps it in his room you should call
the church and Tommy has it oh they
wouldn't want it back yeah
she's referring to a young boy using a
vacuum to suck his dick
on a kid show now they also call out
that the word hobknocker is used in
iCarly oh yeah do you guys remember me
Collins that I'm not just talking
knockout from America sings well here is
the definition of hobknocker when a guy
hits you in the face with his penis one
might call him hob-noxious
anyway and then the thread goes on to
show some more creepy visuals I mean
this one is and then we get to finish
dang dude that's some soft footage
that's what I've said that's a nice bud
right now if you're a fan of some of
these shows you might remember that
there's a lot of feet involved and
icarly you see one of the characters
getting her foot rubbed and victorious
you see ariana grande literally trying
to suck her own toes and there's so many
creepy foot moments in these shows I
mean going to score ketchup on them
miranda cosgrove staring at them two
young girls putting their feet up to the
camera there's even a behind-the-scenes
picture of ariana standing next to a
flood pointing at it and then on the
official salmon cat Twitter it said this
salmon cat tomorrow right on the bottom
of your foot take a pic and use hashtag
salmon cat Saturday will retweet and
follow until our fingers get sore and a
lot of kids did all of these children
wrote on their feet took pictures of
them and posted them on Twitter oh and
then of course there's other moments in
the show that looked even more graphic
and then this give up the juice I think
the foot thing is what weirds me out the
most because foot fetishes are a huge
deal and having kids show their feet and
talk about it that much is fucking weird
and then of course there's little things
like if you look in the background of
the episodes you might see a hidden
penis on a wall I mean it's not that big
of a surprise that kids TV shows might
do some evil stuff I mean the fact that
Disney approved a quarter ride that
looked like
this it just proves that there might be
some evil people in charge of kids
entertainment and maybe they're trying
to get in the minds of kids and make
them evil I mean think about it it was
the biggest kid's entertainer right now
and would you say he's doing some pretty
evil stuff we found a dead body
all right so this is something new I
wanted to start doing with these videos
with some of our conspiracies about TV
shows and movies I want to start
interviewing people that are actually in
them so today we're gonna be talking
about some pretty disturbing riverdale
conspiracies with the star herself yes
of course you did okay great my hair
looks like shit let's do it okay guys
I'm here with before we get into the
conspiracies because there's a lot of
them about this show I want to know
about your life because overnight you
kind of skyrocketed right yeah probably
I say a little over a year ago I had 45
cars and screams and then I'm at like
something which is four million miles
did the TV network make you do any like
training or any classes like this get
ready for hey yeah yeah we had to do
media training which was like intensive
like this is so weird we had learned how
to get under the car without flashing
was like a very specific way were you
like you cover yourself in the door of
the car and then you get on with the
opposite leg stuff but like you're like
isn't like open
there's a class yeah and you have to
pass it's good to do it until you feel
like you don't fuck the thing is there a
way to get out of a car without looking
fat because I need that okay it is
surprisingly dark for a teacher yeah but
some of the conspiracy theories about
the show go even darker than murder and
I want to talk about I don't know what
your conspiracy theories are some now
I'm like nervous okay so your character
Sheryl blossom yeah that's brother Jesus
now he died in the first season that's
kind of what the whole person sees but
there are a lot of theories that show
when Jason might have been more than
brothers maybe yeah that theory has been
debunked by myself well have you seen
all of the proof proof so a video made
by youtuber named Smurfs vlogs started
going viral and some of the evidence is
pretty crazy damn I should have made
that video first okay so the first time
that we see your guys's characters is in
a car
and the song says tell me I'm your baby
tell me you'll never leave me tell me
that you'll kiss me
are you scared Jason it's just a creepy
song that's why we played up but you
guys are driving the car together for
the first gen and Sheryl blossom drove
out to Sweetwater River for an early
morning boat ride
I know do you want to know why yes I can
give you is it gonna be interesting for
your video if I tell you my or do you
want to keep it just like well there's a
lot more than that the one give me the
rest of it you call from your soul right
you guys share a milkshake together and
there's just a lot of creepy imagery of
you guys seeing each other essentially
like you love each other but way more
than I've ever loved a sibling and it
definitely from an outside perspective
feels creepy incest ting well we kind of
got into that a little bit more in the
second season that it's more so about
that Cheryl's actually abused by her
parents so he's kind of like her saving
grace and he's always been the one who's
never showed her love so it's more about
the fact that she's never been loved by
anybody else including her parents but I
get that it looks like that and
ultimately it was created to like look
weird so you don't think it's ever going
to come back I think anything's possible
in riverdale is definitely the sound
bite that I use a lot cuz like you
literally anything
the last time I saw Jason it was wearing
this dress okay I talk about a lot of
movie posters looking very similar TV
pokeballs yes I have the same thing it's
the same exact scene when I when we have
and I saw the poster I was like it looks
like it follows and I'll be honest our
director Lee Krieger showed us a reel of
all these different moves that he liked
from different movies and it follows was
one of the biggest moods that he was
obsessed with so it would have just been
inspired by that it follows was kind of
one of the inspirations for the vibe of
Riverdale so that there is right so that
Buster is inspired by it totally I would
say so
yeah okay there's another thing that
people have been sending me about
Riverdale and I got confused you've been
reading it myself and I don't know if
you seen it
okay so it says when I realize that
Polly and Jason are in the same class
but Cheryl is Jason's twin sister and
Cheryl is in the same class as Betty but
Polly is older than Betty interest what
is that
wait is that like a thing anything's
possible never now Larry guys go
hopefully you enjoyed the return of my
conspiracy theory videos I'm really
excited to go deeper and darker if you
want that please give me a thumbs up so
I know also make sure to subscribe and
hit the notification post so you don't
miss one also go talk about some of
these theories in the comments what do
you believe what don't you believe and
what keeps you up at night
all right you guys I'm gonna go thank
you so much for such an amazing 2017 and
I can't wait to keep falling down dark
holes with you this year
click the links below to watch more
conspiracy theory videos at your own
risk of course
