hey guys did you want to talk yeah let
me guide you so totally abruptly welcome
to the YouTuber party yeah that's it
you're all invited
we've never done three sit down
resources in our video no the bird you
feel comfortable yeah okay so we do this
game when we're bored where we go
through youtubers of nails and we try to
make a noise that it looks like they're
making it's hard to explain but you guys
will get into it I promise
and I'm thinking like we'll put up a
thumbnail and each of us make a noise
but you think that person is making and
then we pick the winner and maybe so to
you guys
I don't know also I'm going to call this
video making fun of youtuber thumbnails
but I'm not accented you might of
youtubers I think about all the people
I'm showing understanding all of them no
shade no shade never
alright let's go to YouTube okay oh my
god okay we okay we research you like
the most fun one oh the most fun youtube
of all time however we yeah please
alright so we're gonna start with this
thumbnail um alright drew you go from it
bird what is his mouth as well sorry I
just
it was the first one I tried again mmm
I'm gonna go with yeah that was the one
okay let's do this one who's gonna be
Tim oh my god okay okay wait you're you
be Tala and I'll be the old man Jesus
okay right Jerry give us a Tyler Tyler
in it
yeah oh he's doing good huh wow you're
good like it wasn't hilarious but it was
accurate
no I try to go for real no bulky you
know it's just me mmm
I feel like a - wait I feel like COO
Ellen Ellen is just what Ellis I see
like a the end of a world I feel like
it's a kid I don't think we should
assessment I was trying to make noise
than that make sure she can okay what is
it sexy Joey Joey over it oh this is
good what - cuz I was fuckin in so hard
it may be giving it to your body no
matter that is Connor Franta
I feel like he doesn't open his mouth on
it somehow feel like it's always
tentative food this one's hard that's
fun no wait I don't think she's making a
noise and that we have to dig deep for
that yeah
maybe do it stop well this is like a
queen how about what is it or yes Oh
Mike
hmm okay what do you think you're doing
wow it really is quiet
realistically it's the serve idea ha ha
ha I think why do we get it I watched
the movie of that poster I'll be the
little cartoon car oh I said we see a
song with that one Wow that would be so
cool people gonna get mad at me ever
send them
oh this one's small I think it
that's it ah that's all real none of you
guys are incorporating Heat I don't know
me or nautical 19h is imagine that he's
grading
I know it's like one big lap yeah all
right now we got to do our own a lot of
your hmm I think we all heard these ha
ha this is good because this has two
people in it oh that's ha ha oh that was
her right oh yeah does not like her to
determine that's real is decimal tree
which means you have that one oh yeah
the one on the right it's like a mmm
right she's looking her to you mmm the
letter is definitely a solid which one
of you we just have let you do wind room
oh I think it looks like it
you gotta get that bottom looking there
hmm
realistically there's probably oh no
those were organic stone all right we
need a grand finale hey on the left yeah
hey yeah no she's like oh that was her
oh my god we were so oh my god oh no no
that was good do it again oh oh oh oh
ooh I don't like her like a reporter oh
he's a piece on the Left hair Oh
all right guys what are we go inside
that weird fucking video I hope it
wasn't fun to watch as it was to play
play at home and you want to do this
more for his videos you know we should
do next time look if we start a series
we could do a different youtuber for
each video I like Tyler Oakley edition
Trisha Paytas edition I like that idea
and then that could be your whole
channel yeah every day that we have them
come in and play with us office
everything I know got their egos aside
you doesn't read me devil baby man every
fucking day and hopefully nobody's
offended
just noises yes we all make them alright
Imagineers what is really there are you
can see what I look like what am I even
doing so this is calling laughs but yeah
like laughs like hahaha
so yeah look this way
no is this a alright eyes open till your
till your head yes what yeah we good
laughing oh wait come coming come open
your mouth Andrew let's make noises for
it what the fuck are we doing literally
can you imagine just just imagine for
your mailbox you open up now if you
letter you'll open it up and you read
that and then some like bacteria falls
off the letter and you inhale it
literally the Darius thing I could
fucking think up
