Hey look behind you yes today it is time
for another creepy video and today we're
going to be doing something that you
guys have wanted me to do for a long
time but honestly I was just too scared
we're going to be talking about some of
the scariest unsolved murders now these
stories scare me because they have in
any way they have to me they happen to
you you could die at the hands of
somebody else and that person might
never be dressed people might never know
the truth when I was researching for
this video I found some stories and
we're so disturbing that I literally had
to turn every light so here are just a
few of the ones that gave me my hairs
first we're going to talk about the
woman in the water now before I start
this one this is probably the most
famous unsolved murder ever and I'm
pretty sure Destry did a video on my
channel about it a couple months ago but
it is so incredibly insane and so
terrifying that I just have to talk
about in this video so there was a woman
named recently she was 21 years old and
she was funky in 2013 she was nude in
California and she was documenting the
whole thing on her tumblr page and then
in February she went missing now this is
where it starts to get creepy the last
thing that was seen of her was an
elevator security camera that shows her
doing some very creepy shit okay so
here's the first part of video you can
see her entering and then exiting a like
a multiple time and she seems to like
hide in that later and then she's hiding
from someone
but there's a comment there and then she
left the elevator and that was the last
place she was seen
now this elevator she was in was a
massive SIL Hotel in Los Angeles she was
staying there for a few nights while she
was on her trip to LA and the nights
where she went missing now this is where
it gets fucking gross and very
disturbing over the next few days some
of the people that were staying in the
hotel notice that the water was kind of
fucked up they said it was brown
sometimes blacks said it smelled weird
and it tasted funny
so one morning an employee went to the
roof to check out the water system
because maybe there was something wrong
and did one on the inside of one of the
huge 1,000 gallon water tanks was her
body floating facedown
I know fucking insane and her body had
been deteriorating in that big water
tank for two fucking weeks which means
everybody in the hotel had been drinking
it and showering with it
ah now of course the hotel apologized
and like gave every refund they did
whatever they could who would not piss
people off any damage and not even done
but the scariest part of it is people
still don't know what happened or how
she died people don't even know how she
got in there the space to get into the
water things was so small it was pretty
much impossible for her to get in and
after an autopsy report there was no
signs of trauma or anybody beating her
up she was just dead
and now we don't know how it happened
and I definitely want to go to this
hotel where do I go
actually oh that would be way too scary
I don't even know if I want to do that
bird video those okay now the next story
is extremely graphic and very sad
especially because it involves children
so if you are squeamish to that I would
leave this is the story of the Girl
Scouts were look so on Monday June 13th
of 1977 there was a bunch of Girl Scouts
that were having the campout it was
nighttime and all the girls were huddled
in their tent in ten number eight there
was three group Laurie door and Michelle
they were all under the age of ten now
their tents was the farthest one away
from the camp
and kind of in the dip well the next
morning one of the counselors is walking
to the showers and she saw a little girl
dead in a sleeping bag in the forest
then she discovered that there were
actually three perfect Laurie Norris and
the girl bodies were laid out in forth
150 yards from their tent police said
that their bodies looked like they had
been raped bludgeoned beaten and
strangled by the tent they found tape
rope a gag and a flashlight now the most
disturbing part is that somebody sent
them a warning now two months of what
has happened the camp counselors were
having a training session one of the
counselors had like also the long stolen
should a box of donuts and the person
took all the donuts inside of it but
inside the donut box
they left the creepy handwritten note
the note said that they were going to
murder the reading of the campers now
everybody just thought it was a joke or
a prank so they threw the notable way
now this was a huge investigation police
were looking for a suspect they could
not find anybody but eventually they did
find Jean Leroy efforts now this guy was
convicted previously of kidnapping and
murdering pregnant women and he broke
out of jail for years before that and he
had been on the run ever since now in
the police caught him he was close to
the crime scene
so they put two and two together and
looked at the evidence and thought that
he might have done it while he was put
on trial and even though all the
evidence was there for some reason he
was acquitted I mean he was so kind to
jail because he had broken out so they
put him back and then he died in jail we
still will never know who killed the
girls and just in case you're wondering
what happened to the camp it was shut
down right after the murders and it's
been abandoned ever there are some
really really creepy pictures of the
camp as it looks now it is in sitting
there empty for years
okay this next story is just as previous
last one and somehow even more graphic
this is the story boy in the box in
February of 1957 a boy's body was found
wrapped in a blanket and stuffed in a
cardboard box the boy's hair had been
cut off and there were signs of severe
malnourishment response he also had
surgical scars on his ankle is glowing
and an l-shaped scar under his chin now
this happened in Philadelphia and the
boys age is unknown they ain't used
between 3 and that's also unknown if his
identity nobody know from this kid is
who his parents are where he came from
who killed him just a boy dead his box
and nobody knows how it happened for
years police trying to figure this out
they looked through all the clues all
the evidence they found nothing
now the police wanted to show everybody
olicity and pretty much around the world
what display looked like so they defined
the parents but because the boy was dead
and in any thought they had to make him
up and take a picture that's right
it's called post-mortem photography it's
where you make up a dead person and
Oblivion eyes closed you see them in a
seat and you take your picture as if
they're alive so the police did that
with this little boy and the picture
look like this
I know no fucking distillery
now even though this picture was posted
everywhere people still have no idea of
the bloodlines
nobody recognized him and it did now now
an artist named Frank bender even went
as far as to leak a sculpture of what
the boy's father would have look like
just like based on hoping that if they
put those pictures everywhere somebody
would find their dad something about
that picture knowing it's a sculpture I
don't know now years later the guy that
made that sculpture team out of
something that really interested the
cops and here's the poem he said I'm
almost certainly been missing the boat
because they've been showing a boy and
he is a boy but the boy I believe was
dressed as a girl I know something
tricky so he thinks that whoever raised
this boy dressed them to look like a
girl
he said his reasoning for this was that
his hair that had just been cut all off
was like still attached to his body and
it was really long here he also said
that the eyebrows look like they had
been plucked so then he decided to draw
what the boy would look like if he was a
little girl and that's this picture
well that bearing didn't help either and
the murder is still okay so this next
story isn't really an unsolved murder
because they kind of solved it but also
it's a lot different from previous
stories because this involves a lot of
government shit and it is fucked up and
this is a story of death by mail so as
you guys know obviously back in
September 11th 2001 the Twin Towers were
hit by planes and then crash to the
ground well a week after that something
insane letters containing anthrax were
sent to people across the country it
killed five people and inspected 17
others okay so before I go into what the
letters were and how fucking insane that
is let me explain what anthrax anthrax
is one of the most lethal and deadly
actually once you inhale if it goes into
your lungs and the bacteria starts to
rise
it makes your lungs swell up it makes it
so you can't breathe and then you die
so somebody sent les with this disease
on to strangers and the strangers opened
a letter and attempted 911
Oh one you cannot stop us we have to
stand Rex you die now are you afraid
death to America death to Israel Allah
is great what literally can you imagine
just just imagine for your mailbox you
open up the mail is your letter you open
it up and you read that and then some
like bacteria falls off the letter and
you inhale it literally the Darius thing
I could fucking think of now the letters
were mostly sent to news stations like
ABC News NBC News is pretty much all
those big fish the first person to die
from this letter was Robert Stephen she
worked for the son of tabloids and he
died October 5th of 2000 so he opened
the letter saw what it said freaked out
inhale bacteria and then went to the
doctors because he couldn't tell father
and they of course the FBI was trying to
find out who did this and they searched
forever
they went to six different continents
they interviewed over 9,000 people and
they still could not figure out who did
then there was a man named Bruce Edward
died now he was a scientist that worked
at a government lab and he worked with
anthrax and he worked with you know I'm
not a scientist but he basically worked
to try to find a cure try to find out
how to beat it where it came from but
then the FBI started interviewing him
asking him questions about if he might
know anything as
well the FBI started surveillancing him
and really looking into his life and
saying if he might have known something
about this anthrax attack well then the
FBI found some pretty hardcore evidence
to show that he actually did do this he
is the one that was in college heading
out always in directs our group found
out that they might know something and
that this might be the end he committed
and because he killed himself the FBI
could still not actually convict him of
the crime so technically is still an
unsolved and by the way a lot of people
don't think it anything to do with it a
lot of people think the government is
trying to find somebody to blame it on
but okay so this next murder is pretty
touchy because it involves a
transgendered woman and I feel kind of
weird talking about it because I don't
want to see him like I'm like I don't
know I just don't want people to think
that I'm somehow trying to get
entertainment that without what happened
to this woman because it is something
awful but I don't feel like it might be
important to share this story because it
might shed some light and show people
that prejudice and hate is still very
much around and then we have a lot of
work to do to make this space country so
on the night of July 23rd of 2015 a
transgender woman named Casey hybrid was
walking the streets of Fresno County so
as she's walking around at a van pulled
up and have to talk to her so as she
walked it to the window and she started
talking to them and then the person
man took out a knife and stabbed Casey
in the neck and then drove off after
they drove off Casey was wandering the
streets bleeding from her neck trying to
get help and she collapsed and she
lasered died in to this day police have
no idea who wouldn't I know it's fucking
awful and brutal and disgusting and just
breaks well her brother Gerald came out
the tragic death brings light that a lot
of transgender people or anybody who
looks different on the street don't just
face persecution they face pink and that
is very true
it is a noisy world out there and you
need to be extra careful especially if
you want different when you're different
I'm not going to it but I had
experiences walking out on the streets
people are just fucking an agency and I
just cannot believe that the suspects
are still out there dragging the streets
it's dumping using okay so this next
story is little different it's not
technically a murder a lot of people
think it is this is the deaths of Anna
Nicole Smith and I'm not going to go
completely into this because I kind of
think I'm gonna do a whole conspiracy
video on it but if you don't know who
Anna Nicole was basically she was one of
the biggest models in the world she had
a reality show
she had a weight loss pill she was on
Playboy a bunch of times but the last
few years of her life were pretty rocky
she got into prescription drugs she
started hanging out with bad people and
then in February 8th of 2007 she died of
an accidental troubles well after she
died almost spirit easily started about
her death some people think that she was
poisoned or she was murdered some people
think that somebody in her life gave her
a bunch of pills because they wanted her
to die so they could take her money and
one of the biggest suspects in this
what's her help now a lot of people
think the reason she might have had
something to
because in this video that came out
after she died now in this video you can
see her earring clown makeup seeming out
of her mind with her husband filming her
and talking to her it's very very
disturbing and looking at Bradley think
you've actually lost your mind
probably thinks you've lost your life
you think you have it is a mushroom trip
huh is a mushroom trip
this is a mushroom trip I'm kidding I'm
kidding
very very disturbing clearly she's not
flat feet of Mines wife dresses so thing
is there something I said this footage
is worth money
but staying in Lebanon to see accent
yeah he literally was talking about how
much money they could make from this
videotape of his wife looking mentally
insane what now I don't know he was
found innocent he supposedly did not do
anything that tape though is out and I
feel like there's more to her death than
just an accidental dribble but once
again is to come to save that ring so
the last story is literally insane and I
don't know how to explain it but it is
one of the creepiest thing I've ever
fucking heard and it makes me terrified
of Canada which is crazy just look this
is the story of the shoe now have you
ever been walking up and down the beach
and you might have seen a shoe in the
sand
maybe somebody forgot to put it back on
maybe you just washed up on shore just a
shoe while in Canada on the British
Columbia shoreline sometimes shoes wash
up from the beach and those shoes how
feet is them human feet I'm not fucking
kidding
it happens a lot so 2007 there have been
16 different shoes with feasts in them
that have washed up on the beach now the
weirdest part all the shoes are running
shoes all of them and nobody knows where
they came from literally there's no lead
now a lot of people say oh you know
there's a big bridge in the bridge crew
here and maybe people jump off and kill
themself but why would they all have
running shoes literally the same type of
running shoe that doesn't make sense
some people think that maybe a serial
killer likes to kill people who are on a
run
on the beach and then he chopped up
their bodies and drove it into the ocean
and that's why it's always a running
shoe but literally those are the only
theories and nobody's really looking
into it and it's still happening like
google it it is still happening if you
go to the beach in Canada and you see
the shoe bitch there's probably a part
of it
what I don't know that's story out of
everything maybe the most uncomfortable
because I can't even wrap my brain
around that so all I'm saying is if you
want to be cheesy issue don't pick it up
just wear that belt hopefully enjoy this
video it's my first unsolved murder
video I'm kind of signing off
scary what's on and if you guys want
more of these on assault worker videos I
have like a list of budget and they are
all very something scary give me a
thumbs up and also subscribe my channel
like I mean because if your videos every
day and if you want to feel neither
creepy videos or talk about that and
conspiracy theories I'll put a link to a
playlist right on the description Reggie
little shoes see you tomorrow
but here is what is going on and I'm so
excited because they're letting me do
whatever the fuck I want and let me just
explain to you why that is a bad idea
because look what I just did I went out
and I bought literally so much food look
at this look at this look at that
