ah guys holy fuck oh my god wait hold on
I ain't done yet
oh my god okay okay okay we're back
we're back
good oh my god this is a party this is a
celebration bitch I'm ready now I know I
make jokes all the time like hey guys
this video is how somber but I wish it
was guess what bitch today's video is
sponsored I know it is not sponsored by
showers I don't use those it is
helicopter by this airborne although I
recommend buying one if you want to horn
out the haters
it is authored by Jack in the Box
movement although that's right Jack and
wash that is a bitch that is a baller s
company bitch is legit I'm so excited I
can not only say fuck with me they're
going to instantly regret it I think
I've said bitch 55 times but here is
what is going on and I'm so excited
because they're letting me do whatever
the fuck I want and let me just explain
to you why that is a bad idea because
look what I just did I went out and I
bought literally so much food look at
this look at this look at that I got
kids I got shakes I got so many burgers
we better have a burger earthquake you
know I got ranch I always had ranch and
I'm going to eat all of it if not click
bait okay so let me explain what is
going on first of all if you have not
heard be coming for you in Jackson yes
that's right jack box has been hat
there's been pictures of him doing
inappropriate things that are now online
and I relate to that this picture online
go can't explain it but they hacked his
menu and one of the items that has come
out of that is one of the crazy side of
the second box has ever made it is
called the triple make of butter Jack
that's right but also just to make this
video even crazier I thought since Jack
Baja what if I do some hats
so I have so many items of Dragon bar
and I would you create secret menu hat
by myself and they are going to be
fucked up I have a lot of ideas I have a
blender behind me it's going to get
crazy but before I get this fast-food
act I'm going to try this triple bacon
buttery chance because that is the
burger that they want you guys to watch
me eat and I'm all about giving the
people what they want
I'm okay so let me give you
kind of her not only does she has this
buttery a sponge but when you open her
up that was not a sponsored loan I would
have moaned like that for free
look at her inside oh my god
you have bacon all over it there's one
two three four four Peters five pieces I
don't know that I'm ready
you have bacon mayonnaise and it also
has bacon butter Billy asked for that
but we all wanted that without even
knowing it
oh my God look the drip look at the drip
oh my god oh okay alright we're going to
eat it okay here we go my first bite by
the way I'm going to be honest I'm going
to give it an honest review I'm going to
be really harsh on it because yes is the
sponsor but they want my honest opinion
and I'm going to make it very
informative and I'm going to use all my
culinary skills and all my culinary
expertise to give it the right review
here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay so
here is my official culinary review
Joffe this this is crazy
first of all you guys know I'm not like
a burger Queen burgers Quinn so I'm just
thinking about men extracting so it
takes a lot something very different for
you to actually like it I fucking love
it I'm not just saying that because they
are sponsoring this this is fucking
crazy if you like burgers and you like
bacon
I mean he'll if you like food that line
right here that's why your subscribe to
know that I know this is incredible so
now I'm going to try to make some of my
own crazy concoctions because I feel
like Jack and I make you want to read
your book like you I just inhaled a
piece of bacon what I was trying to say
is Jack alright here we go so what we're
going to do I won't be playing different
I want to actually show you guys me
making the salute usually I just like
bring it out but no this time I want to
show the process cuz it's hard
bitch I'm work okay so first we're gonna
make a crazy ass milkshake and I'm going
to call this LTS Queen shake alright
first thing about later just so we can
make sure it is shaking show uncle Jack
message that we have something that is
not know that even made this is called a
golden Oreo shake what like how does
that not know they made that like I have
Google Alerts for you I guess my phone
goes off of myself obeys texting I look
at it's like brand-new Oracle is our
rice krispies treats which honestly I
like those more than news all right look
at this check that is crazy
holy crap that is like there's a lot
that is insane that oh no I'm going to
drink this oh god I'm gonna drink this
whole thing get ready go inside me
alright so that up a base then we're
going to add some other celcius
ingredients I know this is going to
sound crazy but guess what connection we
have some karma crap and of course you
can have our ooh better streets a little
inequality so we have our normal price
to go along with that and then a final
touch
I really feel genius participants
because I feel like not only could this
be used inside the shape that you could
also empty her out and use her as a
straw even on a serial killer but I also
like to keep collision with a miniature
of correct unless they're putting it all
the blender get a do man I didn't want
you to be pretty oh my god first goes to
shade what is always blue calm on the
bottom
oh alright then we're going to throw in
a generous handful of curly slide I hand
Oh straight fries this is what we need
to do in America and then we're going to
throw in a couple Reacher oh here we go
one two three Jack Walker is officially
left the conversation they're like oh
yeah we have on this cuz this is going
to be but I read all this pour that into
the cup oh my god whoo you know what it
actually doesn't look as insane as I
would okay first of all we're over five
we don't eat any more dead realistic one
is emitted heroes we can just figure out
a way to suck out the filling hit no
idea how to do that
got it okay now's the perfect straw
let's taste it all right here we go with
your taste the saltiest Queen Jake I
gotta Meredith
okay this is complicated to explain so
I'm gonna explain it enjoys it
whoo oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh this is all your emotions in a dream
and I'm used to drinking my emotions
check out the bar behind me oh no this
is really good really strange dragonbox
will probably not put that on their menu
but that's okay because I would be the
only one that would order it guys Riley
just got here don't you want to try my
new milkshake
all right come on I'm not gonna tell you
what tonight is a surprise are you
starting to sponsor one oh yeah what do
I get
oh god are you gonna die weekend will be
great reviews guys what is it it's a
filthy appreciate they did not put that
on their menus I'm here to say that is
not the way to give them volunteers
listen what I'm doing is trying to make
their items better and I obviously are
not succeeding okay so the next item is
something that I like to call the
morning fuck me up and that involves a
brunch burger a Southwest scrambled
pancakes bacon egg chicken sandwich
homestyle potatoes an issue ton arranged
oh and they're brand new french toast
here we go okay so let's start with the
base which i think is going to be the
french toast so let's just put a piece
of her down first okay now I think I'm
going to put the ingredients of the
brunch burger on that so that's a patty
we got some eggs and cheese bacon some
Manning and draw some extra bacon comply
not that I'm thinking we should do a
layer of pancakes because you like
there's not enough car oh my god okay
let's do a layer of their toughest
scramble with some up there Cato
press edit oh my god we have this crispy
chicken sandwich that we can add oh my
god oh okay and then you know what I
know is that ranch spot things which
and I think we're gonna do pancake syrup
all right ready for this oh hold on we
need to be closer to those oh my god
okay you guys ready oh my God we're
going to go okay here we go one two
three
oh okay so we're I got a technical pin
it off oh I'm so proud that's not I made
it okay let's put these final layer
which is going to be our french toast oh
my gosh school is shut down
oh and here you have the morning Vanya
oh my god
okay oh my god okay okay okay I don't
know where to start
okay I don't know how to take this up
all right you got like this
Oh God Oh God all right here we go one
two three oh we're all still insane I
just wish I had more syrup Oh hold on
got it oh my god
this is like every memory I've ever had
a breakfast combined except less yelling
it's a table like I don't think jagan
box will put this on my menu because
they're scared because like a lawsuit
day we get will be crazy because if you
started your morning like this that's
how you end it oh my god Oh how many
calories this is you know what we don't
need to know that now you know what this
was amazing good maybe we should try to
add some ranch because that was my gut
instinct and I feel like I should always
go with my gut like maybe not only
create it better all right here we go
that's a ranch Oh oh my god could let's
see if this enhanced the experience that
ruin dirt I should have never listened
to my gut although sometimes it's so
loud with her not to but that was a
mistake I just turned this from a
morning fuck me up to a well I just
fucked my morning up like I just fucked
up my day I just fucked up this
sponsorship bye bye jack all right we
were going to redeem ourselves
the next item also I'm going to clean
this off because kind of looks like Jack
hacked me you know what it's late so
this next item is called the chop lay
work although no that's the actual title
chop with burgers Alan Alda home that's
my grade all right so this bowl we're
gonna have to chocolate overload cakes a
slice of cheesecake three caramel sauce
from the caramel an apple a baby this
was by reject and curly fries get ready
to get it alright here we go
so we are going to start with our side
which is going to be our chocolate cake
so thinking we were to clip that up
right down so has a flat surface now
time to put in turning so the reasons I
think that bacon is with berry jack is
because I feel like this just look like
a sweeter combination to me and
obviously in a culinary genius though
dressing okay so now I'm thinking we
should put some of you your cheesecake
so yes this could act as our cheese here
we go oh my gosh she likes flatten it
out okay that rows it okay everything I
touch is does alright okay let's move on
okay so now let's pour on some of the
caramel Berkeley caramel apple and Dell
we're totally going to eat these healthy
amazing delicious apples later no
probably not
babies I turned it into a pie okay let's
pour on some of this caramel oh my god I
look even better than hard cheese that's
something I've never heard before
okay yes oh my god oh yeah sure no one
okay oh oh all right now what else we
got oh the Harley fries sauce can't
forget that put those on top oh and time
for the last Clause whoa hey oh wait the
top of your comic oh yeah right in the
hole oh all right you know what just so
we're not least full let's put one apple
right on top perfect
oh my god this is the most insane food
video I've ever done and that's saying a
lot
if the girls want to sponsor me girl I
will give them something to sponsor oh
my god okay let's try this first
okay Lily want that all right here we go
oh oh my god
okay all right here we go one two three
thank you father Jack they look like I
hacked an ad this is was it I know it
looks gross but this is probably the
best thing we've made today not let us
take a lot like this is actually really
good
I don't know why it's very confusing to
me I'm confused too
but something about the chocolate makes
mr. curly fries mixed with a cheesecake
mix of meat patties I don't know I don't
know but just listen I know you stop
watching the video at this point Jack I
know you're like I can't I can't just
give him the money and let's go but like
Jack you need to incorporate this into
the menu this is coming on your two
Pistons
I know this is actually literally
literally literally bitch I'm not going
to go home bitch you go home this is
everything
hallelujah okay I don't even know how we
top out I'm gonna leave this here but I
think I have an idea that might top the
others and this is how know this show
has some nacho that's right
no bitch Alaska nutshell and that
involves chicken nuggets a spicy nacho
chicken sandwich not so much two tacos
and a shit-ton about now that you're
thinking Shane not to do your favorite
shows in the whole world
how are you going to improve that bitch
I'm going to use again instead of chip
okay well okay so we're going to start
with the Nugget oh yeah telemazing just
checking oops but hold on to the fifth
avatar no saw it called research and
working behind it that's amazing
get him write that down what was that
you don't need it there's nobody here
right and left he took the dog they pack
their stuff okay good all right so we're
going for a curveball here they also
have these like cream cheese jalapeno
popper we're gonna throw a couple of
those in the mix just like brother goes
off then we're going to take the inside
of the spicy and also chicken sandwich
oh my god
oh hello and we're just going to dump
the toppings on top with the cheese
onion ring dad put that cheese on there
- his dad over can I not
that's pathetic what about my stinky leg
what about my whip cash me outside I'm
old enough to be your dad
all right sorry to take the topic of
another son Steve urban is mr. Roger
Berger and put the bow on top okay hold
on let me get rid of tomatoes because
vegetable to not by society
so now let's take the insides of these
monster tacos oh my god how did I not
know okay alright now we we are going to
order more later we're gonna have
ourselves ignite oh man let me get close
this you can see what's happening here
oh my god alright let's just squeeze out
her inside oh my god oh alright it last
thing we're gonna do is have a hot sauce
oh my god why am i sir the fucking chef
today
usually my food looks gross and I am
killing it oh my god
and there you have it does no get yo I
am NOT so all right here they are my
masterpiece
oh my god oh I'm genuinely very excited
right now okay so I feel like we should
go from the bottom oh my god oh oh my
god okay okay yeah yeah okay here we go
I love you
I know one thing that would make this
party even more loco girl I am sorry for
shaming you earlier but I need your
presence it's okay girl
I'll always come back for you oh yeah
all the ranch okay alright next level
here we come
alright there we go I'm done
everybody just stop there's no competing
with what I just did there's no top-five
list because bitch I'm alive if there
was an Oscar for food binge on Long
Island I'm sweeping the competition
because this is insane please just
incorporate her ah I mean I change a
name cuz I know they'll get us some
nachos it's low controversial but trust
me they will sellout and oh my god put
them next to it you'll lose your bid
you'll go bankrupt don't do this are you
guys go
that was me making of us is crazy
sneaker men you have item and also
trying the new triple bacon buttery Jack
let me just say something is very honest
right now
cute inspirational music I feel very
very grateful not only that YouTube is a
job and I'm gonna do dumb crazy shit
like this for you guys and you guys
enjoyed it but I cannot believe that
like a big company like jack-in-the-box
actually likes me and actually sponsored
me because I have not been sponsored by
that many companies I know I'm crazy and
raunchy and gross and stuff and people
are very afraid of that so this means
the world to me
and is very proud and thank you guys for
watching and thank you jack box
for believing in me and I'm just happy
so go to try the triple buttery baked
exact they are not telling you to say
that they would like to try the burger
and move on like you don't have to
promote it too much but I don't give a
fuck this go buy that triple bacon
buttery judgment and when you get to go
on a diagonal box and you go through the
drive-thru because you're lazy like me
say shame brought me here Shane wants me
to give it to both make it better and
then say and also can you make a
chocolate bar
Otto Hall and they'll say go home we
don't have that if you guys know fuller
you enjoyed this video if you did and
you want me to do more secret menu
hacking shit please give me a thumbs up
sign them and stab legit them because I
make new videos every single day and
I'll see you little Barry Jack sighs
today's location does not get any more
haunted
than this because we are going to be
going to a haunted cemetery now I don't
even really need to lay why this
location
content it's a fuckin place where people
bury dead bodies I think that explains
it enough
