when you're not like touring or like a
craft services with Kelly Clarkson like
what which is my finger yeah what is
your name huh Luke bang with Kelly could
you imagine oh oh you elbow Holly yeah
hey what's up you guys yeah today we're
going to be talking about another
haunted location and today's location
does not get any more haunted than this
because we are going to be going to a
haunted cemetery now I don't even really
need to blame why this location is
haunted it's a fucking place where
people bury dead bodies I think that
explains it enough but as I was
researching I did find a cemetery that
is pretty close to my house that
actually has a very scary story so today
we are going to be talking about and
exploring Garrett Andrew later in the
video the Valhalla Cemetery the Valhalla
cemetery was founded in 1923 the word
Valhalla means Palace of fallen heroes
the cemetery was built partly as a
memorial in the graveyard for deceased
aviation heroes now in the cemetery
there's a lot of famous pilots a lot of
people have lost their lives in plane
accidents and it's right next to the
Blue Lake Airport which feels kind of
weird to me because it's like an airport
next to a cemetery so the people who
died in plane crashes back now at the
entrance of the cemetery there's a huge
structure it's called the portal of the
folded wing and it's to commemorate
people that have lost their lives in
aviation then on July 18th of 1969
something fucking crazy
and sadly I want to count it a small
plane fell from the sky and crashed into
the structure the pilot and one of the
passengers were killed but just think
about it how crazy is it that a plane
crashed into a structure that was built
to remember people that died in plane
crashes I can't not like bring around
that now another really fucked-up thing
happen in this and
and is so fucking creepers think about
the founders of the cemetery had it
taken away from them by the state of
California because they were convicted
of fraud and it turns out they were
double and sometimes triple selling
plots that means that they were burying
bodies on top of bodies now as you know
most coffins are dropped six feet
underground to make sure that they stay
there but because they have been tripled
selling the plot some bodies are buried
only three feet under the ground and is
been reading a lot of disease so I'm
going to come up now one last thing that
it's very very uncomfortable and
unsettling about this place is something
that happen in the mid-eighties Valhalla
got wrapped up in a controversy because
they were illegally storing over 16,000
dead aborted feasts I know very very
dark and supposedly the cemetery is
haunted I have lattice unborn children
now there's more to that story but we're
going to wait till later on the video
because Garrett has all the information
and it's going to break down okay so
here's what we are going to look for
when we go to the cemetery tonight we're
going to check out the structure with
the plane crash into we're going to try
to get into the mortuary so we can see
what's really going on because of all
the rain storms we're going to see if we
see any hints of bodies rising from the
ground and of course we're going to
record sound and audio by the plane
crash and take pictures and try to see
if we can catch anything and last but
not least this is just kind of cool
thing but Tim Burton actually grew up
down the street from the cemetery and he
would go and hang out there all the time
when he was a kid and in their
cemeteries is huge creepy fountain and
it's surrounded by like a bunch of
little structures and that's what he
would hang out and write stuff or the
years later when he made his movies he
started putting that cemetary fountain
into a bunch you can see it here in
Alice in Wonderland and here in The
Nightmare Before Christmas alright so
here we go let's go check out Falls
okay guys we are in car on our way to
Valhalla cemeteries where are you
excited with me it's very nice I'm
really gonna like the dead woman scuri
excited Morgan and
they're true come on daddy like I'm
kidding
Zachary is focused on a deal where would
your where'd you want your ashes
Francisco daddy look I mean this is like
legit like yes we've it's haunted places
but this is actually where there are
dead people like we are going to see
some shit so we have cameras with
flashlights now you said to me that you
knew the whole story about Olmstead baby
so I didn't tell it so what's the story
okay it's really horrifying any guys
this is crazy because it happened in
like 83 or something so I had to I was
like looking on the internet about this
affair really curious I was going into
like lawsuit cases to find out about
this because there's no like articles
that sum this up but basically this guy
was found in the Woodland Hills with
this shipping container and you it used
to be like a doctor or something he was
found illegally with the shipping
container and in it was sixteen thousand
five hundred dead babies and basically
getting the owner of this cemetery came
forward and said oh we'll bury those
babies and then it caused this huge
shitstorm of the Catholic Church arguing
over who should bury the babies and it
turned into the three-year thing with
these babies just sucking like you know
formaldehyde for years and years anyways
though but apparently they were at this
cemetery they're not buried there but
apparently they were at this cemetery
for a long time like in their mortuary
trying to figure out the whole situation
why animated I know that's the big thing
because a lot of people are just saying
we'll just gobble them up I'm the one
baby that's and that I'm still alive
we're all right with this guy is that so
weird that it always rains every time we
do want to be videos is what kind of
thing
all right here we are this is that's the
mortuary where they keep the bodies
improve oh my god yes it was like a
medical facility - yeah that's where
they like involved people we do all
those things
oh my god okay so we're having trouble
because they just installed a brand new
gate so it's going to be really hard to
get it so we're going to drive around
the back you want me to jump over that
wall with my leg Oh what is it a little
hard looks like steps back
I'm wearing a brace you know I could
carry you over oh my god all of us
that's the cemetery there's a fence
around it also the Jeepers Creepers
truck this is terrifying my god there's
a gray second here
alright so Garrett's gonna check to see
if there's a way into that we just got
shot oh my god then they bury him there
and that's how you get in huh
what's the verdict good psycho planet
what it's just really really really
thick shrubbery it's been more than a
gate personally okay why don't we just
go up to the building and like knock on
the door and say hey we love cemeteries
and we hang out for like 20 minutes okay
that's a good idea
but I have money and should we give them
money I could do it for 60 day but I
mean let's just first make sure there's
not a super obvious way to get it all
right there's a Valhalla drive yeah but
oh my god we almost just got a couple
Valhalla the victim okay so we're at
another back entrance and there is the
structure that we were talking about
earlier oh my god it's so big yeah so in
the 20 systems like the main entrance to
the cemetery now it's like a weird back
entrance but no one goes through on a
side entrance and this is a neighborhood
people live next to the what that's so
scary are you fucking kidding me those
are grave those are all grave there's a
grave two feet away from someone's
bedroom cookies and now we're literally
just in the entrance
and they're so creepy Oh enter you're
gonna go ask the guys we're coming I'm
gonna talk to someone oh my god hey see
what happened
we're easy talking I don't know some guy
all right what happened another way how
utterly why is there a Crematory gate
open so we have to kind of go in and
then we there's a broken gate keep our
car here you know what we can't but I'm
going to drive away in case there are
someone watching us right now enjoy like
you know their schedule okay so we are
literally just walking through the front
door
well there's a broken gate and they let
the door on Mars kinda beautiful I'll go
first
oh I'm already like freaked out I'm
already uncomfortable forget that
screaming right now wait where we go
what is this which is walking in
Crematory anyway where are we going
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay I'm
waiting the house because the body
shivering oh my god I was fucking in
where in where where's like an area
where people repeat that Carter's car
right there
there's somebody in it there's like a
lot of people here at all if you guys
can see that but there's like 10 cars
huge creepy like cards paper dead body
okay guys so we're walking up to one of
the graves it's raining instead of it I
really want to make up this cemeteries
lit joke but I won't come on only get
the flashlight out but we can't yet
let's try to find a more safe place what
is that it's a little squirrel but I
can't see him
she was almost there oh my god she
literally got so close to the hole oh my
god we do some EVP we got here we
already saw one course I feel like we
should bury it right we should know you
know somebody it shouldn't just be out
on the street oh this is cute they like
set up a whole thing Valentine's Day
guys that is real good job that's
actually gonna make me cry but I
actually will cry if I think about it
too much
oh my god that's awful we were just
being here is making me like feel real
weird shit
and fucking crazy poof oh my god right
now right now okay there's two big white
vans over here but you don't think
there's anybody in them what are they
are these the fans who carry the bodies
move very close to the portal the folded
wings where the plane crash wash wait
what are those who pay for the actual
caskets inside of underground plates are
there bodies in there right now no I
don't think they would oh my god this is
not for two things interesting food oh
my god so this is for the survivors of
the Colombia crash oh there's their
photo with the survivor I'm sorry I'm
sorry
so that would be heading on I meant Wow
Hannes what's that oh my god this is it
says the big structure holy fuck that's
so huge the guy who built this is buried
underneath her Oh what is that
hey what is this hi
welcome to the shrine of American
Aviation the plac Syrian marked the
final resting place with pioneers of
flight beyond going
can't we yeah is it open oh gosh okay we
are there bodies in there that these are
mausoleum cheer what does that mean that
means there's bodies insanity these are
private and very expensive device well
who this is making me feel real sketchy
it feels I'm not crazy right feels
different no sure how do you feel my
never feel anything when you say that
and I feel like I'm missing out oh maybe
just go inside one of those close the
door and just you're an awful life so
what was that look at this oh my god I
don't like the sound of a plane next to
where all those people died the plane
grad square
okay I just gave drew my camera taking
pictures around
now let's see if we could paint orbs
well that's a lot of little spirits
count them
wait zoom in on it hold on you see that
look at all the little goon or em
fucking shit ah that's not rain good
there's a ceiling over and I'm not going
right over you okay wait you're keep
taking pictures right where is that okay
so I got this little guy from EBP so
Shane I think you should ask first are
there any spirits here with us right now
do you want to tell us something
are you upset do you feel like the
cemetery isn't treating you right
do you want us to leave also do you use
the fly dress question do you miss what
we have question juror
okay so we'll listen to that back in the
car okay so now we're going to go to
where the actual plane crash was I think
that's where we should take some extra
step so right here is the area for an
actual small like twin pilot plane crash
hit the top caused a lot of damage went
right here the pilot died and so did one
of his passengers there's one survivor
look this is what it is right to point
up right there and just start taking
pictures their total side now Garrett
notices this truck has in there with its
door open for like two hours okay so
these are all marked graves that are
being buried at wing those are those big
boxes that we saw yeah so this probably
did have bodies of them oh my god and we
were like knocking on the necessity
oh my god the way put that down that's
that's too much so those aren't very few
deep that's what's crazy you know it's
crazy that they're shocking dead people
in here who I hope that like all the
spirits aren't either like genuinely
just interested in that they don't think
we're trying to fuck around maybe some
of them trying to be youtubers and this
is like every gene oh my god oh here we
are
fountain I'm telling you about
or Mexican no say how scary it is oh no
it is pretty the water is like the
waters like grey ghostly water to touch
it Oh woman Hollanders alright we saw
everything we want to see it now I'm
fuck out of here and hopefully not get
arrested I'm going to turn the camera
off and hide - tcard think it top flight
complicates it see you back in the car
okay go back in the car with your bags
and with me to the EVP from earlier
yeah
Oh
what is that ah creepy no that honestly
the scariest part was when you re
welcome yeah but just break that down I
feel like I feel like we need that get
natural go center who can like really
help us with the stuff I can learn more
ghost village happens really where that
ghost hunters
no I really heard stuff I don't know how
do i decipher that or like justify you
think we should fit well we like the
next because we should you like a more
proper EVP session like sit down well I
heard something guys if you are coming
leave in the comments there were little
breathy thing there was weird shit I
don't know that was really fucking
creepy spooky huh well that was a
cemetery and drew are you feeling I feel
pretty good I had a good time let's go
back there guys go hopefully enjoy that
creepy video if you did any one more
videos it make your injuries going
hockey locations please give me thumbs
up so I know all the subscribers action
like I'm going to make this video and if
you want to tell the other videos of us
exploring hockey locations I'll put a
link to a playlist or inscriptional
how'd you guys sleep space hi now listen
I have introduced you to Kirsten if you
don't remember who she is and I even get
your sense of Cola for 2017 hey what's
your cigars in an accident she lost her
face and had to get a transplant and
here she did
