guys always fuckin displeased about
Desmond tomorrow hi we talked about sex
we talked about celebrities we talked
about dating we talked about back hope
bags protective as well if you want
listen Joe go check it out right now so
glad to accomplishing it bye bye hey
guys today we're going to be doing
another video okay open up stupid shit I
bought online some of this stuff I
actually cannot show you because this
video get taken down but I'll give you a
hint
I bought a mouse it has teeth a tongue
and it move now I guess technically
every phase the puppet but my hand ain't
going inside of it
my think is they think about Michelle
there's no big bird there's the Grouch
there's there's growth browse who should
be living interesting anyways let's get
started I don't really know where to
start
actually as I do I'm going to start with
my other persona now that's and I have
introduced you to Kirsten if you don't
remember who she is and I even get your
skin a glow for 2017 tomorrow what's
your cigars in an accident she lost her
face and had to go to transplant and
here she is
hey yeah oh my god this is horrible
yes this is my new luck and love it I
feel like myself again and the guy
looked about you oh my god I fucking
love it if I was a girl I'd wear this
look fun washing my face putting on
makeup if you don't you just put on my
face and do my hair that's a dream yes
this is my new face I love you go go
every when you're so sure if your face
falls off so you need a new one oh I had
loved it oh you know what
I'll read it knocked out we'll just make
it what does it do you think you look
good in
there are too much
Oh God why is this me he tell you where
the robot review your filter bars
oh my god it'll to carry general wait a
minute message was the man who they
rotted here okay let's see if we can
make her cute
hey guys hanging out of applause and
we're going to fucking go crazy I look
like I'm math teacher who died but he
was eating a tuna sandwich on her lunch
break she choked that and nobody found
her killing ten years later until crazy
relatives so hungry all the does
somebody inside of me reaching out for
Bo regardless imagine like take- oh I
love her oh boy I can't believe I said
this looks like Kylie it's clear the
Caitlyn like this actually might be
Caitlyn like somebody snaps your leave
and it ripped off her face lift okay I'm
excited about this I don't really
understand it but I guess did you press
a button it turned into a disco ball and
it flies but I feel like in the future
humans can do that my fish what if every
time you hurt you lured us why not you
just started smoking that's what we need
to work on I'm making iPhone 7 8 and 9
they make me fly listening to some
yesterday I'll apply again tomorrow
oh my god I'm just a buzzer wrong way
she's second alright here we go
presses button oh my god
what is that oh oh it was afraid to
touch it it's bad Oh so typical every
little plate let's try to go
that music is horrifying throw the party
on the floor what is it a party for dogs
actually wait good idea oh no you ready
to party no the party is coming soon oh
look oh no fuck do you happens when
Daddy tries to throw your party do you
see what happens daddy gets hurt also
this represents every party I've ever
been to and that's the owner of the
house going when y'all gonna go get the
fuck out my house come on why does the
things suck so much
come on it'll look what's right again
look ready I told you to get the fuck
out my house well no did you make that
happen with your mind are you gonna kill
daddy
okay I'm not crazy right he's staring
into my soul okay this next item is
raisi to me and I feel like I'm I've
shown this in a video before and I just
never use this now listen you know how
much I hate a lot like I fucking hate
her like I pray for someone to come
along faster so I can see though it's
mess but this toy is too far this is a
to make I splut use out of Olaf fucking
stomach and you know how to do it you
lift up his head and then push it down
and it comes out his gut who does fuck
this is how cereal convinced me and look
how happy this lil motherfucker is to
kill this snowman he's like damn I'm a
little ruined this motherfucker not a
fabulous
it's a fucked up shit I'm ready to play
okay so here is our sad sad dying Olaf
so first we just take his head out oh
holy fuck I was expecting this to be
filled with pure evil
but it's empty that's weird okay so now
let's go my god that's horrified also
over it literally sleeping by the door
he's like can I go alright so let's get
some ice
oh my god this is like a guru day in my
life everyone so first they start off
every day with breakfast I love a big
handful of ice
it's my favorite meal and it's really
cold just like my soul okay let's put
these in here
oh my god okay so now I guess we just
push push his head down and then
nothing's happening um hi Disney this
torture device isn't working already
oh my god this is that the press is
brains in really hard almost crazy
something oh okay I really need to press
ENTER hold on
do you see that
this is a lot of damn work for that you
know what fuck this ice maker but I am
NOT gonna let this be whistling you know
worst sorry bitch summer's here oh god
yeah now bitch mouth nose still intact
fucking nose job killing it
Oh let it go let it burn bitch is your
fucking turn Oh
frozen to summertime summertime sadness
he's like oh fuck oh I gotta get out of
here I need to find me an Arctic why do
I have so many animals around my house
and why do I talk to all of them first
of all before little nice items can you
talk about this every time I film these
videos I mean I just get so sweaty stop
judging these sec bro you guys don't
believe me but he judges you keep saying
although always like maybe you should
just go jump off a cliff
fuck you smashing things are why are you
better than me like that oh okay now
these are something that I always see
people selling on the street okay
they're called rocket copters okay so
here it is the button whoo okay it
lights up kind of with what's sold here
okay so it makes you fold it up the shit
I'm going to turn it off is it on
already
however come with a slingshot this is
very confusing oh so I just hook it this
with this it works I let's do another
side okay so I have it the swinger and I
guess I'll just swing it right into the
sky
I hope my neighbors think it's a cry for
help here we go one two three oh oh and
that's my neighbor's yard oh I should
stop but I'm going to do it again I
wanna make sure you guys can actually
see this full of girls / - on the ground
oh my god this angle is still kind of
front of me if your contr pointer
doesn't have a chin all the hiro-san
bitch get ready for 30 all right one two
three
oh we're gonna fucking it go okay you
guys need to see the drop hold on
alright one two three okay
it's a pretty cover to go oh fuck I keep
missing the drop me when I'm the world's
worst DK all this is doing is pissing
off all of my neighbors well you
probably can't see it but just me it's
real cool also I'm never going to go
through those oh okay this next thing is
fucking terrifying it I don't know who
would want this or why but this is a
fucking cloud stalker map also you can
hang it upside your window and just ruin
everybody's life and I walked into my
office and I saw that motherfucker
hanging out that window
I'd be like bitch hold on let me put on
my Caitlyn Jenner masking with other
party oh my god maybe more iconic duo
always kneeling you're staring fuck you
zebra okay so I feel like she had try to
hang this all night we don't should we
prank somebody there's nobody here okay
I hung it on this door let's see how it
really is oh this one's my daughter open
up the blinds this would never happen
that's fucking awful
Oh oh my god okay me at Taco Bell at
9:30 waiting for them to open me when
I'm watching daily vlogs me when I'm
watching other people live their lives
me when I say I'm not here for the drama
wait warrant oh I relate to her okay
this is really exciting but once again I
can't fucking use it my leg is fucked up
but this is called an air Pogo joke
urban look at it look at what's funny
he's having them look how miserable he
is so basically you step on this bond
jump and you fucking break your legs
children as what happens when you try to
do something ended that's why I don't
need okay so obviously it's not going to
do this but I think Riley gets home in a
second so when he gets home I'm going to
force here this junk on my ball all
right you ready to bounce oh god oh god
oh god okay and I feel like it
for children oh why does it no like what
you do all right
do you know how you can go oh my god
okay or don't die seat now oh no hate
you great
it doesn't give it a thing I've ever
said oh wait what yeah look behind the
window oh my fuckin ever last year
that's the ball sorry
okay this next thing I thought okay you
guys know how much I like hate my body
will don't worry I bought a new one so
this is a local man chest plate very
realistic yeah that that didn't say also
my mom's nipples look just like that
don't have going out I have a really
good memory
all right look at this on oh I'm turning
you off oh you're not doing this
all right let's see how real this
actually looks Oh sex music Alto Gras do
I work out do I even need to say it
oh my god Oh mommy's gonna fuck me right
now this is everything Wow Oh
oh my god I love this this is my body
this is it mascara here I come oh my god
wait with this ankles Oh like there was
some real all some oh my god I did turn
into a music star from mama so nice he
will cheer us everyone
very Astra to me Lana whoa this is great
I'm going to get so much pussy but you
know how I'll get the dig a mama's boy
do you like it remember - yeah
now small oh my god now like a fighter
he gets these gifts cavity it's after
that what black people do what white
people do so girls I have my girlfriend
come in with her figure subscribe Oh
what if I see okay so this last thing I
got online does not fit but it is
sufficiently creepy it is my inside oh
my god okay I love it though do I work
out no because we're not they're not and
don't worry cuz even scarier Oh what is
it
blue fuck I like this being myself
Oh what is happening okay I need to go I
need to stop I need to leave I need to
do one more thing my mom before you the
October bitch oh I don't thing you need
your like I am kill it a peach I'm weird
fucking shit I got online ill wipe it
groups with so droopy hello well
accurate if you want to tell my other
videos where I tried your stuff online
is like my since one I think I'll put a
link to a playlist on top description
always want me to do more weird things
that are online videos can use some of
the final and discuss my channel number
using a little creepy stalkers he'll see
you tomorrow alright
where do we start how do I do this Matt
again I
all right okay so I'll try I mean I'll
do my best
just stick that palm down no you got a
crack and it will be last
