guys holy fuck oh my god today's video
is my favorite movie of all time already
has enough fucking started so I am so
excited because you guys know why my
favorite songs of all time is my cupcake
called deep throat
if you don't member it bitch here it is
a bitch
the queen is fucking here as you're
going to perform with me oh my god
oh no you journals are out and on that
way I ever get the pier for it okay so
have you ever been in a carpool karaoke
never never never
okay here we go so I feel like the way
we should get into this is by performing
your hit song deeper are you fucking
ready for this way oh my god here it is
oh my god oh fuck me fuck me my solo
disease okay this may click I wanna eat
healthy should I get fuck I'm helping
you know something wrong beautiful
everything
oh we should not be to live for face hi
okay let me buckle this bangle I mean
stick it in here like a sticky mouth let
me take a quick question now two songs
about the 36 and you are an expert you
attention span how many did you to give
you first I will say at least one page
but thousands a one-town how many like a
week like what's like your per week
average is dicks I try to do like i'ma
say to pull me in a week but you know
that'd be sucking it up right my whole
tendencies come out in slash of and
examine Barone now you're going to show
us how to properly be sorted dick why
would it do this alright we have a
couple bananas back here here we go we
have a couple bananas there's your name
Megan and one in the detail video but ok
so like where do we start how do I do
this alright ok so I'll try I mean I'll
do my best
just stick that song out no you got a
crack in it will be like oh listen any
amount is if you grow up see like that
bar above them alright so obviously I
love your music and will listen to more
but I want to like get you into my speed
like what I'm working with and done if
you know the song is right along and if
you don't get into it
wait are you do not know Hillary does
Hillary yeah Wow you don't even know
that name
okay how do you not know I'm a learner
then your music history um Hillary does
our Lavinia who that is I heard that I
remember is Britney Spears yes okay you
know Britney didn't you got to know that
who's your favorite pop star who's your
different Queen well I think the artist
has a movie for you
okay I like that you have to go what a
Lady Gaga and Ashley Tisdale oh yeah
we're definitely important right but
what song do you listen to when having
sex but the cameras gone only listen to
haunt me fuck me
silence you're only for tonight so are
you saying I should listen to my own
videos when I'm having sex he like when
like I'm fucking a base or fella
should I have like me eating Taco Bell
on in the background that's our this
next song of yours is a hidden gem if
you guys don't know it get into it call
dr. stone oh yeah that's the line you're
going to show you like that anal oh
there's really not a bar and I'm
actually barking on this on distillate
yeah that's how the dogs are sir just me
how'd a panic man you know you fuckin
enemies on earth and then you know if I
like in a different way so I got a
patent suppose we fully four different
guys do they ask for different things
like one guy's like I want you to bark
like a dog and another guy's like I want
you to yell across with an axe man you
just don't so it means you were about
that sucker now I want you to go on
they'll bow me I want to scream like
you're in pain like I want to be like
I'm furthering yeah I want you to be
like a lot of people might not know this
but you started rapping basically in
church and you started writing poetry
about Jesus or at last Marty you know I
started off small and you know that is
everything so right for everybody to
come yeah and then you know somebody
told me like you should just transform
into this wrapper I was going regular
rattmann though but then you know when
my vagina got whacked by writing poems
called vagina when I come alone did you
throw outside talking about deep bro you
know when I got close painting I had
that doggy style universe but in every
day of my life I feel like I'm the best
because I got the best excels right you
know do you feel like do you ever want
to rap about Jesus because oh yeah I
actually got a album out all bases and
it's the song
of Jesus coming the lesson on alcohol I
love you you know I try to do music for
all you know wonderful people who get
irate you know that serious topic my
freaks and people love to get fun I got
a song for y'all people who Krishnan or
you know just love God a song for y'all
perfect
pedophiles that's a serious topic I
spoke on that night I do it all never
going back to your old church of you
really look at me now forget me now but
in a slightly positive the church with
your titties out and you're like oh well
you know I walked in the airport today
we want cities out everybody was looking
like oh but everybody gave me that
double shake like you know I'm never
done I've never walked around and saw
people looking at me like oh they want
to come yeah definitely it's nothing we
need to see the areolas out oh baby you
go to like Target just like that Margot
I've also the corner so I thought my
garbage out you know I do all of these
well speaking of your vagina
let's throw it back a little bit and
give them not for vagina remind us kind
of what random China ready to hang up
running down my butt I know you remind
us kind of what race I'm a vagina swing
ready them up and I know why what write
it down on the top what what that big
burly comes what that he's gonna come
what did he call
like the strong changes all 2008 if I
have a ball in the suessiones which is
so good I wanna trip to the face too
many Platini in an economy they are like
poppy what is the internet for these two
little balls in my mouth be so certain
something to get up so perfect what he
bend overcome steadier this precluded
our yet a healthy you know me fucking
nobody else without it asada basement
but when they built this is coming off
down Norman L sequence is your vagina
actually what if you think yeah what is
it I think baby how is it right now it
really might happen puzzle you'll see if
you see if you did something in my
podcast which will be out there that you
like to take sperm in your mouth a blow
bubbles so I tell me how to do that and
also why you like how you guys know is
while your tricks to make the VidCon
when they come you got a perm uni like
you on them you know blowing bubbles on
too strong it hey and you know it you
know just and you know in my name is I'm
a bubble but at least you try matter
guys when you look lat will you try that
other doctor got this they love it
that's what you learn in Turkey I love
it you said something earlier too
because I was like you never smoked or
drank and then what did you say Oh big
no-smoking are we called it around your
laptop what is like your way of getting
a guy like how do you do it what do you
say what do you do
Welbeck cities cities and is we care and
you noticed anything like Jesus taught
me mostly fear though you know walking
in front of clock here you got a
something for instance something all
that is not at all but how do i impress
me like what would I do that was
impressive oh no make it where I can't
find my weed like I've been in the final
whenever we'd walk like we're never go
back we fucking in a fast beat my way to
be in the backseat her which is on the
streets well that should be home you
know what I'm saying so if it ain't
there I don't think he did it right okay
with that your wigs if we took this over
oh my god you have to win it
oh my god mystical music oh yeah well I
feel like we need to end it on one more
song and I don't know if you know this
there's youtuber named Ricky Dillon who
is your biggest fan but do it we should
give a shout out to him let's look at
listen to a little Ricky Dillon did you
know he did a comic book
Wow
yes I talk right in front of us by the
way if you're interested you want to do
it out and I am I
wait have you been arrested and right oh
really for what what are you doing
alive asked me that me oh no this is
really fun but also your real name is
Elizabeth who is she where did she go
okay is over how do we know really the
fog just today where I company came on
and it was amazing I hope is that the
hospital later on there there was
slurping there was gagging there's
moaning there was also very serious talk
it was amazing thank you so much for
coming
literally definitely enjoy this if you
did give it a thumbs up should they give
it a thumbs up or Suzie should we give
it a dick oh a big fuck you to the
hiccup hiccup and their boss here comes
David Wow don't know what a freestyle no
subscribing I give it as every day I go
to cupcakes channel check out all the
music it is their incredible
also I love her she's amazing her
followers he's so sweet and nice and wet
and ready we're going to sex by side oh
my god this woman look at you look at
all night
I'm so sweaty uh-oh I'm what money damn
I okay
yeah my comic like sexual like oh shit
hahahaha feels good Sarah's milk is full
characteristically sick and buttery like
melted vanilla ice cream what the fuck
is this what $125 wasted gargling
purification from what they gargle milk
