hey was a big ad yes today is maybe
another scary video but today can be a
little bit different because originally
I was going to the video where I just
like told you guys what the scariest
websites on the internet work and then
as I was researching your account lately
I should go on these websites the first
time with you guys that way you can see
my genuine fear because I'm sure that
will be there and you guys will also be
able to experience it with me
so here we go today we are going to be
exploring the scariest web sites on the
internet so I did a lot of research and
I compiled this list based on like a
thousand lists and I picked the ones
that I thought woman is scary and the
first website is called plane crashing
so okay here we go
so basically what this website is is you
can read a lot of facts about plane
crashes you can see like lists all the
planes have a crash the scariest is you
can listen to the pilots last words
right before the plane okay here we go
we are in the last words section oh my
god I just wanted from the Polish Air
Force in 2000
fuck who that gave me chills
oh my god ah okay let's let's move into
one more than the night I got it I gotta
go okay so this was a 1986 and a
reporter was reporting on the news in
helicopter and a helicopter went down
she died so this is the last thing that
you can hear a horse on there's because
Trust is very heavy fastest LTS all over
g lae the outbound column tell extra
heavy for you right now
earlier there was a car fire incident
analogy it has been cleared by favelas
tended to deserve to be operated analyst
a lot better for you in New Jersey
okay we're not sure
leaving this look like you guys know
something scared I know plane crashes
clearly one of my biggest fears so about
this speeding it up death and link up
scary this next website is called the
death nap and I guess this website shows
you in real time how many people are
dying around ghoul tell which one oh
fuck so oh my god so every Red Dog is
somebody dying oh my god with the
numbers on the side all those members
are people literally dying every second
this is giving me anxiety
oh this was a bad idea for a very simple
I don't want to do this anymore
don't wait me just an option to show
birth beyond regular born okay that's it
okay good you like that
Canada's number yeah bring it on baby
although that many babies are still
giving me anxiety oh my god you can see
at the top of population changing 7
billion people and I just go down on and
up and down it up this is just like a
subscriber count' is this the world
population or social blade we'll never
know good that's terrifying
look we're all okay so this next website
i found is called it milk girls i don't
really understand it cuz i not seen it
yet but i am suffering what welcome many
are drawn to white power milk for the
comforting certainty that our milk is
secure is available selected the girls
which i mean with what okay let's click
sarah
sarah's milk is sold characteristically
sick and buttery like melted vanilla ice
cream what the fuck is that
what $125 uses garbage purification from
what they gargle milk finally she's led
to the gargling room where she purifies
her milk carefully for the allotted time
the attendant dictate the longer she
gargles the milk the more contaminants
are able to be removed and appear the
milk becomes ah oh my god is a video
all I got is a fucking video what what
by popular demands you can now purchase
a milk gargling video performed by a
select number of our rich beautiful
white girl what literally what the fuck
is this oh my god
Georgie oh my god frequently asked
questions I'm gonna need these is this
real do these girls really gargle milk
yes I would rather listen three hours of
plane crashes then literally look at
this anymore relieving the fuck I mean
if it was ranching okay this is
supposedly some of the scariest pictures
on the internet which I'm very curious
if I'm actually gonna get scared by this
because it takes a lot to scare me I
mean the milk bar going what's scary
that this is a little different
here we go these are totally the
scariest pictures on the Internet it
doesn't real is that real oh my god what
the fuck how much you have like that he
says that can't be real oh my god
because why you don't use right knock I
was home last night while my parents
were out of town it snowed off and on
most of the day and night I woke up the
next morning I went to the kitchen to
eat breakfast and I noticed that I
wasn't the only one here last night
Oh oh my god you can see the footprints
come up to the glass and then leave ah I
hate that that scares me that actually
gave you goose bumps
oh my god okay this says this is a
picture draw a six-year-old this is Lisa
she's my friend my mom and dad can't see
her so she is my imaginary friend Lisa
is a nice spread tell me you fucking
heard that you fucking I'm not giving
them I hate this libro if you look
closely behind the wedding you can see
what appears to be a Colt wearing robes
and hoods okay with women Bassem
iluminage shit that is the fucking proof
as a fucking evidence oh my god you know
I hate this West a man took a photo
daughter playing their living room and
the resulting image clearly shows a
ghostly crawling form of white energy in
front of her it also seems a little
broken co2 could this be the spirit of
her deceased mother home the girl oh ho
okay this picture was clearly taking a
long fucking time ago I don't think they
could have created that a special effect
fuck
hello Pocoyo okay I move on three
friends at work had a photo taken of em
by another girl with a regular old cell
phone camera a freakish face with
strange eyes accurate full-color peeking
through the two girls on the right hmm
oh oh oh that one actually literally
gave me nightmares him not even asleep
oh my god the fucking dead I the fucking
did that's a good eye I hope you guys
never seen a dead body I have that's
exactly what their eyes look like oh my
god alright let's leave is what but okay
so business websites called get deep and
I guess if you put in your information
when it tells you exactly when you're
going to die here we go okay so name
okay so I filled it out let's see I'm
going to die on August 22nd 20:44 only
27 years look what wait why with a hole
that I going to be and really better
than that hold on I'm only to be 56 the
psychic twins told me I'm going to live
a long does it say calm inside it says
heat fire accident bitch doesn't explain
questioning oh my god oh I don't like it
oh well I want to cry so we're leaving
we're leaving we're leaving
what is this one okay this is supposedly
a message for the dark so just prepare
yourself it is a message board of gay
men who like to give other gay men aids
help them knowing it I'm including this
because this is a huge fear of mine STDs
or very scary to me aids
especially so I'm going to read a lot of
the messages on us and forth and I
fucking terrified
I'm a biker living in London UK and I
discovered three ways of tossing up
unsuspecting nay
so that means of making a negative
people positive for HIV the first I
discovered by accident when I was
fucking a guy in the condom broke I said
I was sorry and I was but later on it
made me smile then I was doing another
guy in the condom broke when I put it on
I stopped him anyways feeling guilty and
horny as hell at the same time then I
started freaking the rubbers in their
packet so that when I started fucking if
they would split but this doesn't always
work deny DX sure I go to club with a
pair of nail scissors a handful of
condom and I go to the bathroom and sit
down and kill fully cut open the packets
removing the comments and snipping off
the tip then I look for guys who are
into safer sex only I've done hundreds
of guys using these method what the
second method is more work but what's
fun i chat up Meg's online who want to
bareback
which you don't know if anything it's
have sex with no condom on you want to
bareback with other necks I say I just
did negative one month ago if they want
I tell them I'll pull out before
shooting I never do I make sure I felt
them at least five times and then I stay
in touch with them to see how they got
on I've done about 20 guys using this
method over the years and I've only
failed one when they tell me they tested
positive I say oh god how did that
happen do you think I should get tested
to thank off the chat rooms they can't
see how much I'm Justin Langley that one
is like the scariest thing that we've
seen today that is fucking awful like
just a madman using condoms wanting to
be stays hooking up with a stranger but
being like ok we need to kind of take
internet strange Allah wants to give you
a okay alright okay next next move out
this one is called free live webcams out
on the light of creepy but I'm gonna
look at the problem what the fuck is
this living room what is this oh my god
is this legal
is this fucking legal is everybody's
living room wait what googol is oh my
god oh my god there's three hundred and
thirty six thousand views on it picture
oh I don't get it this one says shit
Chen's apartment huh
doesn't go sleeping probably right does
the unconscious what the fuck kisses
website literally what the fuck is it
okay let's click the United States if it
popped up and it was me like a camera
from up there
it's I mean what's this the best little
cat house
what whoa what is this we send a search
option Oh God but wait does a live feed
oh my god this is a live feed of the
living room
what the songs of Carol Robin's house
who's Carol why am i walking her broom
why is there oh my god why is there
eleven thousand people watching this
random person's room okay
I gotta get out right now alright what
is this okay this is called cake Vista
lollipop so like a purchase before ooh I
hate this already
okay do what happened Terry what stopped
me hi girlfriend you're a husband
oh my god oh my god what's going on he
my facebook Munich on
what what he's on the VidCon it'll be
expensive don't you have the lucky the
teacher does it all does it
um that was everything how I have heard
of that I'm sure you guys all know about
it I did not know what that was but
kudos that was great ooh okay so this is
a reachable work that you can do online
which is a very bad idea considering
either to go so let's do it ask your
question here am I going to die in 2044
then pull them out slightly on the
pointer and follow oh oh oh all right
thank you Ouija killing it literally
wrote ethnic okay am I going to die soon
know how long I got am I going to die
before I'm 70 no oh my god am I going to
die in a plane crash whoo okay we're
good we're good
all right one more is there a goat in my
house right now
Dima don't know shit fuck this David I
feel like that's a nice place to end
this video I think I've seen enough
scary shit today I'm sufficiently
freaked the fuck out and I want to go
home and I'm already home so I'm fucked
guys you guys hopefully enjoy your
skinny video and let me know
comment if you have been to any of these
websites and also when are you going to
die also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want more security
videos and subscribe to my channel right
down below because I make new videos
every day
I just watched a playlist of all my
other scary videos I make all the time
I'll put a link to employer threats top
of description below around that little
drill teachers as you can you have enemy
team to walk away everywhere
hi excuse me yeah no you're on fire okay
you're good
where's the Cheesecake Factory like it
look at that
