hey guys today's another time for us to
try something like that and today once
again involves power tools so it is not
going to go up but it also involves
nachos though that's going to go out
like I can't build a house baigan build
a stack of nachos that called
motherfucker
I need pause the Builder bitch i'ma need
to eat her alright let's get started our
first life hack involves a power drill a
fork and spaghetti
help me up okay I've already made this
because it took forever to figure out
because I was trying to show a fork in a
power drill and that electrocuted me
then I tried supergluing
bitchin crafty so then I finally ended
up taking a fourth to a power drill with
duct tape and get four bitch shoot yeah
yeah Steve Jobs ooh wait she does
recipes welcome independent Thomas
Edison who I know he's dead the bitch is
been a while look at this I juggle down
in the fucking History look delicious
so obviously eating spaghetti is very
hard could you have to like get your
fork and I curl it around and like it's
so hard on your wrist especially after a
long day at work and socialize family
time so we give your mr. Bray I have the
totally cord it's a work in progress so
here we go let's see if is actually work
right here we go oh my god okay we're
put it in spaghetti looking everywhere
all right here we go oh shit okay all
right hold on all that it's coming loose
I want to get a little more noodle on it
so much this is so cool okay not good
grace okay Homer I love it
Oh is what my eyes okay this is
everything I love this I'm so proud of
this oh my gosh yes get in this oh look
at that big body we just got shark tank
there mr. wonderful I know you like this
this is great all right neck house
although there's spaghetti in my hair oh
my god this is a chunk of spaghetti meat
behind me Oh
currently okay so the next hack is to
help if it's the end of the world
now a lot of people have been saying
that it is going to be the end of the
world soon because of our president and
I disagree I think it's going to be the
end of the world soon because of all the
stupid YouTube challenges going around
I'm talking about the hot knives the
blowtorch and microwaving and all the
things I'm doing so they're all
definitely going to kill the whole world
but to survive that we are going to make
a gas mask out of gallon of milk okay so
it's actually pretty easy and pretty
stupid basically you take your gallon of
milk and then you cut it in half it was
not all the way empty and now there is
milk inside it oh cool oh really got
hurt okay all right ba oh I need that oh
okay so where would you cut a hole right
here oh it is dripping everywhere I
thought I envied it I had one bowl of
cereal don't act like you don't use a
mixing bowl don't act like you don't use
a ladle bitch if you sit me down in
front of a box of cinnamon toast crunch
I don't even use a bowl of support until
tonight in the box okay so we have a
hole cut out and now oh no it's still
pretty something pop now what we're
going to do is cook it over okay hold on
kind of big head when you cut more room
okay that was good so we're going to
tape this to our head never mind let's
to die whistles end it but we don't have
to walk around the damn milk jug on our
fucking head okay before we do that we
got to cover the mouth pole with a sock
so that it like filters the air for you
although now it's just going to make you
breathe in your own sock which will kill
you especially if you're me
I have not washed my sock ever because
the way I think about it it's like okay
if you're like walking a lot or like
going on height like you wash your
fucking socks
if you're like putting your speed up on
your creepy table and that's the
exercise you don't need to watch them
every day okay so here we go oh oh my
god it's so crazy but it smells like dog
shit but there's
option on it that just means I am Dutch
in my coffee series is coming soon okay
now that we have that put together we
are just going to duct-tape it to our
head it's not going to be funny when it
saved your life
here we go they work I'm breathing I
mean I can't see anything so like that's
not practical at all but I can breathe
this is great I'm gonna survive I'm not
going to write I mean later they're
gonna be just personal to go and you
member the medium to walk away I'd be
like ah scuse me ya know you're on fire
okay you're good where's the Cheesecake
Factory like it'll be bad I love it
hello many look I love any lies I love
the smell my girl telling me who
actually know what oh that feels awful
oh um hi hi really quick just want you
guys to see what I've created
it's called fashion google it business
in the front get homeless person in the
back when you're walking away from the
haters you want to catch other jealousy
when you're the Cheesecake Factory
you're like hi can we get another loaf
of bread oh no I'm not going to steal it
take it home no I'm sweater check my
purse no bread in there all right I'm
gonna take this off before it rips all
the hair off my head where's oh I did
nothing to through
ah it was worth it okay oh god oh god
it's actually so this is bad
okay okay this is that haha okay going
to cut off my hair
Oh perfect Oh God okay sterilized hat
for ripping tape off your scalp because
I'll take it I'm right here and watch
out oh this actually is a really bad
guys I don't want to do I'm freaking out
okay no you know I'm pulling it like a
little bit aside okay I'm gonna go up
there like okay I'm back that legit 20
minutes and I was terrifying but I'm
okay too we've had not thinking of
hurting myself this next act definitely
will leave you scarred bigger than this
is some dumb basically it says that if
you keep up date quarter with a lighter
and put it on a pimple or a bug bite
it'll make it go away this is the
toughest thing I've ever done let's do
it
okay I don't have any like pimples or
butterflies it's a moment sorry guess
hold it's too late you know why I'm not
going to do this one why would I do this
why would I burn myself for fun fuck
this one it does not work girls boys
both if you read a hack out there that
tells you to light yourself on fire send
it my way because I'll probably do it
but don't do it do it moving on okay
this one is equally as dangerous but
won't we be scarred we're going to walk
my home video turn one out of the king
okay okay this is creating a slingshot
using a soda can a condom and a long
game okay so basically what we do first
we need to make a hole in the bottom of
the can so I feel like the way we should
do that is to hammer a nail into it once
again not Bob the Builder I'm Kerry the
Kriner so come over to my workstation
okay we're going to turn this upside
down
right there okay here we go try to nail
within standing under this fuck you why
the bills are you wish you were me what
the builders like no good so now we take
a condom and we wrap it around the
bottom and make it so that you can go
like that now we hit your spit or a
match with your knee and you scoop it
and you put it through the hole and you
break it do that so uh they're just fish
sucking out all mean when fucking tree
don't have time you've never done that
ha ha ha take this out here I think I
got to make a hole bigger me when I'm
stuck in your car or third up all right
now another six tries again all right
see so now we have the shit hit the car
down like it's a slingshot ready and we
got so excited
hi 1 2 3 I just wasted three minutes of
my life that I could have been sitting
on that box okay no no we're gonna make
this hole digger
whoo that is dangerous all right here we
go
oh yeah it's gonna go okay ready 1 2 3
whoa fuck oh my god we go oh my god okay
hold on let me turn the camera okay so
let's do it again and let's try to hit
that cabinet all right ready 1 2 3 whoa
oh my god I love it
kid if you're too poor to afford toys
don't live in Mama's room grab a condom
you know she has those she doesn't want
anymore you go into Mama's fridge grab a
beer can we know she's definitely had
some of those and then grab some matches
you guys definitely have to have those
because Mama's definitely planning on
burning the house down at some point and
then make it to her knees
I was ill one more time 1 2 3 whoa oh I
love it
ah I'm fucking killing me inventing game
today ok speaking of innovation
right now we're going to make something
I'm very excited about now you know how
much I love fireball obviously the
bottle has been slowly disappearing
behind me and you know how much I hate
fruit what if I could turn through each
other so that lovers but here's my idea
I'm going to take an apple and I'm going
to take one of these syringes that I got
for free at Walter Reed and I'm sure
they were like oh poor baby music
medicine the diabetes what is this oh no
I know it's for a life hacks video I'm
going to be shoving alcohol into a piece
of fruit
oh he really is sick okay so let's fill
this baby up with fire at all let's just
pour some in here
Oh God not so good I guess you just hmm
cute oh my god I'm gonna turn to a drug
addict not good when I see this now my
cute oh my god me I love sucking up
things into a needle and then putting
them into my body oh my god no no I got
it away
so now just make the apple with a cotton
right when did I'll go get some juicy
look at that that's crazy me when I see
fruits in a person what is this oh no I
just never seen this before people know
about it it's stupid so now that we have
a home let's fill her up oh my god so
fun one two three oh oh my god bitch oh
bitch fuck me
ahh oh my god Oh God look sided you
ready ah one tear straight off oh my god
ah she's an angry drunk oh my god it's
so good that the whole oh no this is
amazing I oh my god when you finger it
fireball comes up that's sound effect
ASMR kids oh my god improv our video the
new a smarty to go right here
ha this is amazing I love it breathes it
alcohol so how do my dead grandpa do it
exact all right this one's fucking
stupidest box I have been putting this
off forever because every time about to
do it I like it I'm going to do it today
because I want to see if it actually
works
we're going to turn these two items into
a stress ball so as you guys know stress
balls are like a thing on YouTube I
don't know why like why would you want
to squeeze a ball but you can just
squeeze the insides of a Taco Bell
burrito at your throat whatever thesis
work basically we're going to wrap the
balloon around the glue container like
that I'm going to just fill up the
balloon with glue okay handsome our
girls go home you want these down this
is not working
that looks like my oh my god literally
like my balls when it's cold I know any
heats up Oh Oh your ball over here to a
tee happy 80th birthday grandpa okay
this is literally not working at all
wait is it spilling I can't tell okay I
think that's how we're going to get but
let's close it up there's glue
everywhere
this is literally not working you see
this what's up look now time to relieve
your stress
I'm about to clean that up
that is causing me stress ha did it oh
fuck you are you gurus were like it's so
easy I have no stress anymore
this body's not my life I'm so stressed
Oh hold on I gotta go clean up a gallon
of glue
this is freely attacking me again
because glue is made out of forks feet
and she's like bitch you think I'm gonna
let you get away with using glue
d'Epinay hold on all right for the last
one time we're going to do something
that's going to make me happy it's
something I know that's gonna fucking
work that is that was it a lot a lot of
it yes not just a waffle irons hell but
not love this before I don't know but
guess what brain turns on all right let
me grab the waffle iron is because she
started all right here we go as a waffle
iron warming up the weird
would you bill or perfect matches so I'm
gonna make these very simple cuz I want
everybody to enjoy them we're gonna
start with a layer of nitrogen chips up
top and then you're just going to pile
on just a little bit of cheese but I
don't want to overwhelm her but we don't
want to go pretty perfect and now we're
just going to let her cook oh my god
you hear that ASMR girls come back
that's the signal that you want oh my
god oh oh my god oh my god no oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god good cry
oh my god it's so exciting
oh my god yeah fuck you blue fuck you
condom fucking pink these are my mess
and without it all started with a life
hack double here oh my god oh my god
hold on hold on hold the fuck on oh my
god oh oh my god oh my god oh my god
okay I had planned to put like wakka
moly I like all this shit I love time
bitch I wanted I need to eat it now
bitch oh my god fuck oh my god oh my god
Oh wrong at all I fucking love you I
love you thank you for being here with
me Oh My look at the bubbling look at
the bubbling oh my god guys try to move
when the steam hit oh my god you guys
need to try this seriously this is
insane I mean I just ruined this waffle
iron but who gives a fuck it was worth
it oh my god okay yeah I need fuck with
you guys later hold on all right yeah I
was when weirdest law tech videos I've
ever done and I'm covered in glue what
else is new as long as you more like
tech videos please give me a thumbs up
for though also subscribe my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every fuckin day you want to tell
me otherwise my videos I've done like a
thousand of them I'll put a link to a
playlist right at the top your
description boom alright you a lot liar
not to look to you cheese sucks compiled
all right now this story came out what a
parent started noticing the perhaps most
students anything's in its sleep that
did not sound kid-friendly now I'm not
going to tell you what they think is
saying I'm going to let you decide that
for yourself Jenna
