you just did the deepest but what was
that we'll see how did you know I can do
Mickey Mouse and just deep voice okay
that's kinda mean first give me Mickey
oh my god it's so much print oh boy oh
my god we are Union pelvic to me oh my
god haha hey what's up you guys yes
today I'm going to talk about some more
conspiracy theories okay so I have
fallen down a hole recently looking at
conspiracy theories about kids toys and
there are some fucking crazy
now some are talked about before for
example some people thought back in the
day that Furbies we're actually
recording all of our conversations and
sending them to the government which
sounds crazy except for the creators
Furby admitted that Furby do record what
you say because it's kicking it in to
learn how to talk back another
conspiracy theory that we tossed about
is that leapfrog is actually owned by
Apple if you don't let leapfrog is
basically leapfrog creates these like
fake Mac products for children's or it's
like an iPad and a laptop and a fake
iPhone some people think that Apple
created all of that to get little kids
interested in iPhones and iPads and
laptops so that when they're open up the
line out now those two aren't that crazy
but these next ones now there is a
theory that some kids that talk are
actually saying some little messages to
your kid and some of them aren't even
subliminal some of them you can
literally just use now this first one is
the latest and probably the biggest
controversy about kids order and that is
that patchable switch are the newest toy
right now actually cut so hatch animals
are these like little talking your burns
and other animals that come inside of an
egg and they hatch out of the egg and
then they don't shut the fuck up for
like the entire time you own them now
with this toy came out a lot of parents
started noticing that the hatch amol
started sending things in its sleep that
did not sound kid-friendly
now I'm not going to tell you what they
think is saying I'm going to let you
decide that for yourself China
ah did you hear it listen if you didn't
hear it then maybe it's not dirty I
fucking heard it now what the parents
think it sang is fucking me over and
over again now that you know that listen
again I know it's pretty fucking crazy
like I literally hear that animal thanks
papi I heard a thing fuck me when I was
watching an unboxing of it and I was
like animal to say fuck me also don't
ask why I wasn't unboxing a toy it's
long short now so many parents
complained that the story kind of went
viral it was on the news and the company
in charge of catching wolf came out and
said no it is just saying the hugged me
we would never have our toys cut but
this is not the first time this has
happened this literally happens all the
time
just a year ago McDonald's released in
May nice toy that a bunch of parents
complained about because they said they
heard it things fucked over and over
again
now of course McDonald's came out and
said no no that's not what it said it
was just gibberish sometimes 20 say
something that sounds so clear that the
people in charge have to be like booked
the worst one was back in 2011 which was
our us was telling this talking baby
doll and it said you crazy bitch okay
yeah that's literally said crazy bitch
like it actually without a doubt who
said that
and so many parents complained and
towards or else heard of themselves too
so they pulled it off the shelf
now some toys don't just say bad words
but they can get you to create event for
example all those baby toys are like
songs with numbers if you put the
numbers in the right order
like advantage
now we can put all these toys cutting
the theory basically at toy companies
are owned by something bigger the
Illuminati and the point is to brainwash
your kids instead of the political
messages that word X of watching money
up wanting power literally the whole
point of giving your tube hood is to
fill their brains let's say that you
want them to know I mean it sounds crazy
but is it I mean my parents never cussed
around me so how did I learn how to cuss
at such a young age I don't know all I
know is when I'm a parent my kids
playing with a fucking 211 or watching
but Nana that's it okay so this next
conspiracy theory is kind of touchy and
it is really intense and that is the
theory and Michael Jackson was actually
so as you guys know back in 2009 Michael
Jackson died of an overdose of propofol
the doctor who gave it to him Stan was
Conrad Murray and he was charged with
killing Michael Jackson mainly because
the doctor should know not to did
somebody that much of that mess and he
didn't too much there's a theory that
Conrad was kind of escape coat and
somebody else wanted to moto Michael
Jackson and they use Conrad Dillon our
first piece of evidence comes from Paris
Jackson who is Michael Jackson's
daughter now before we get started I
just want you guys to know that I am not
trying to exploit Michael Jackson this
isn't about me like making some crazy
story up about his death I truly do
believe that there is more to the story
of his murder than we know and I really
fucking want justice for it
I also have a personal connection to
Paris his daughter we know each other
and we talk and after she came out his
interview and said this stuff I was like
stop it I'm making a video I want to
talk about this for a long time let's do
it
so first let's talk about what she said
in Rolling Stone neck she said he would
drop hints about people being out to get
and at some point he was like they're
going to kill me what then they asked
her if she thinks he was murdered and
she said all arrows point to that sounds
like this little conspiracy theory and
it sounds like bullshit but all the real
fans and everybody in the family knows
it was a set
this one's bullshit now Paris isn't the
first person in the Jackson family to
say that they think Michael Richmond his
sister Latoya did an interview not too
long after he died and she said some
pretty scary shit do you think Michael
do you think it's murder absolutely
absolutely I said it in the beginning
and I I believe it to this day
you must remember Michael told me
repeatedly that they were going to kill
him that he was going to die
and who did it
I know pretty fucking creepy and then it
gets even creepier they murder my
brother and they know who they are it's
not because dr. Murray I promise you
that it's more people involved and they
know exactly who they are and I'm going
to let you guys know exactly what's
happening what's going on and then she
lude to the fact that there might be a
lot of people involved which kind of
sounds like you so there are people in
the background people in the polling
situation absolutely okay so now that
we've heard his own daughter and his own
sisters say that they think he was
murdered let's talk about the fear
because why somebody would cry
now the first theory is a eg now a DG is
a company that promotes cops and before
he died Michael Jackson was going to go
on is final to work this is it an AEG
was in charge of the monkey now a lot of
people think that ahe knew that Michael
is sick and then his health was not good
enough to do this to her people think
that they pushed him too hard and that's
what liked it
here's what Paris said about that AEG
Live does not treat their performers
right they drain them dry and work them
to death now ATG does a lot of concerts
including Justin Bieber's and Paris had
something pretty scary to say about that
now she went to one of Justin Bieber's
concert and she said this after work he
was tired going through the motion I
looked at my ticket saw AEG Live and I
thought of how my dad was exhausted all
the time but couldn't sleep so she's
insinuating that AEG is working just
into death - now and that means he could
end up being extinct now source close to
Justin heard the pair sceptic and came
out and said - Justin is not at all
scared or overworked he's in the best
health and state of mind he's ever been
a bitch
what listen it does not make a
conspiracy theorists to call bullshit on
that one best speed of mind he's ever
been in it can't even fathom it sounds
like somebody doing some fucking damage
control now just to show even more what
a e/g has been do they also are being
sued by Christina Brittany's family
because they did not give the proper
security for her concert which like
obviously I'm not going to go too much
more to that one because I just
different camp they're all fuckin brats
or didn't love
now the next theory of who murdered him
is possibly people that were doing
business around him now Michael Jackson
owned a lot of shit I mean he told the
whole entire catalog for the Beatles he
owned his own music catalog he had
Neverland Ranch he had a lot of money
some people think I didn't survive
here's the people around him wanted him
to die that they could get and maybe
they hired out the program and paid him
off too slowly killing and the last
period is obviously the biggest one and
creepiest one and that is that Michael
was killed by the Illuminati now listen
this one sounds crazy but is it I mean
Michael became so famously as a kid then
he became even more famous as an adult
then he started speaking out about the
music industry and thinking what to
repeal and think you don't want to do
what they wanted him to do and then they
got Pitt then all these controversies
came out about him things I don't want
to bring out but you know what a doctor
so maybe the Illuminati is trying to
everything they could to ruin his career
because they knew that he might speak
out so hopefully we will know soon
hopefully we can help and hopefully we
can find legit justice for all right so
let's move on to a conspiracy theory
that's a little lighter
but also still box me up that is the
theory that Jack Dalton from the Titanic
is also Jay Gatsby from the great cast
okay I know it sounds crazy but it
actually kind of makes it alright so
Jack Dalton was a poor guy who want to
take it on to the Titanic in 1912 he
attends the first-class dinner and you
know all the fancy people he starts to
like it then he gets in trouble for
stealing rose's diamonds which he didn't
do although we never saw that so maybe
he did then what is he survived you know
like we saw him flow down but what if
his heart started again and what if he
survived what if he got on land pawned
all the diamonds got a bunch of money
they spent the next ten years building
up
building up as well and then in 1922 ten
years later becomes the great gift and
by the way it has a shady past that he
does not to talk about and has a fear of
swimming pools and water
ha that wasn't good pretty fucking
stupid but he's created to think about
it life that is in the same universe
because the timeline makes them his age
makes them and personality wise they
were pretty similar okay speaking of
movies experiences this next one is
actually really interesting and I really
feel about a whole rating bubble and
that is the theory that the character
Reilly from inside out is actually by
chick okay so as you guys know the movie
inside out is that a little girl was
going through a lot she's dealing with a
lot of emotions and we see inside of her
head her emotions with the anger and
sadness and whatever now the emotions in
her head are male and female and then
later on the movie is you the emotion in
the dad's head and check those right
they're all male you know what about the
mall motion you can pick up women
something's wrong should we ask her okay
wait so the dad's emotions are all male
the moms are all female so then wouldn't
Riley who the females have all female
motion so maybe she's dealing with both
genders commotion and maybe that's the
reason she's going through so much maybe
she's figuring out her gender because
later on in the movie when you see a boy
at the hockey game he has all male
emotions and then you see a goth girl
she has all female well she finally is
the only character in the movie though
so it kind of makes you think maybe she
is dealing with a lot maybe when they
make another inside out it'll deal with
transgender or something like that
I don't know I think it could be pretty
interesting and also kind of surprised
that nothing
people are talking about okay so this
next year I'm going to talk about is
really fucking creepy and it's literally
kept me of it and that is the theory
that there's a man who all of us see in
our dreams and he looks the same so
before I show you a picture of this man
I'm going to Google back there so back
in 2006 a therapist was asking her
clients to draw this minimization seeing
in their dreams she had multiple clients
who drew the same thing then this
surgical Bible and a lot of people said
that they saw this massive injury and in
the last 10 years over 2,000 people have
said that they see and it's probably a
lot more a lot of people probably just
don't know about this series and I'm
just going to let you guys know that I
didn't know about this theory either and
then when I saw this picture it's
starting to move in my mind because I
have been seen this man in my dreams
since I was a kid okay so I'm going to
show you the picture and you guys let me
know down the comments if you have ever
seen him serious
I know fucking creepy and if you're like
me and you've seen him before you're
probably fucking going nuts right now
now this is a very very real thing that
so many people have drawn the picture of
this man - the therapist or to their
friends just check out some of these
pictures of me - yeah these are all
different people who drew the same man
okay so here's some of the theories as
to why we might be seeing this man this
country now one theory is that this man
is an image of God and that God is
putting himself in our dreams but making
himself look like a person so we could
talk to him now this would make sense to
me because in my dreams
that man has given me advice and also
sometimes he's just watch and a lot of
other people said that that's what
happens to them - he just watches over
them now the next theory is pretty scary
that is a theory that this is a real man
he exists in real life and he has the
power to go into strangers dream now
some people also think that this real
man might be in charge of a corporation
or Illuminati and he is going into
everybody's dreams to give them civility
now the idea of somebody going into
another person's dream isn't that crazy
I mean if you believe in astral
projection and why wouldn't you believe
that you're going into somebody else's
subconscious but it still fucking scary
things and the last theory is the least
scary one and that is that this man is
just a very generic looking man and in
our dreams our brain can't really create
like a new unique person so it just
creates the most generic looking face
you can which could be this man and
which could be why we all see so
whatever the theory is doesn't change
the fact that he's literally I mean just
look at all these pictures from a round
of a world of people posting have you
seen this man posting his face
everywhere it's pretty fucking crazy
kind of them fucking scares me
have you ever seen that man all right so
the next theory is about the alternative
theories
searing J&K melon and I feel like I
might have touched on the tomb before
but now I have more evidence which I was
kind of theory is JK's might not be who
we think she is now we all know the
story she was a poor woman who was
writing a book in a coffee shop on a
napkin and then that turned into the
Harry Potter franchise which is a very
inspirational story but is it possible
while a movie director named Lena groom
field doesn't think it is so she thinks
that there was something a lot bigger
behind her theory is that JK did not
register it and that she might just be
an actress that was hired to pretend
like she did she thinks and a lot of
other theorists think that these books
were created by a huge company or an
organization where they were like okay
let's make something that will become a
huge EP franchise will sell millions of
books millions of dollars of tickets and
they created the entire thing and then
they thought oh this will get a lot of
attention and a lot of press if it's
written by like a polar woman in an
England who wrote it on that pin though
that sounds like a good story and then
that happened became the biggest thing
now I personally think it's real I think
she wrote them I don't think she's an
actress I'm just letting you guys know
that before I go into this so all the JK
Rowling has do not come for me but I
still thought this is interesting to
think about so here's what Mina the
director about earlier said can a person
be so productive and commercially
successful in the industry where nothing
is left to coincidence is it possible
that a person can write six thick books
that are translated into 55 languages
and sell more than 250 million copies in
less than 10 years is it probable that
the stories then get filmed and
commercially exploited to the degree
seen here without any well thought out
strategy or highly professional players
behind them is it possible that JK
Rowling exists well who do they think
they're kidding and on me she then went
on to say that the Nancy Drew books were
all written by somebody named Caroline
team Caroline team never existed that
was a fake me those books were actually
written by random right come when asked
if she thinks that that secret will ever
come out she said I think the secret
behind JK Rowling is
it more strongly that the entrance to
don't really walk in Chocolate Factory
I don't know it's kind of crazy to think
about you know like what if the books
were written by like big corporations
and companies that know exactly what
kids want and let JK as you play once
again I'll believe it but okay so the
last thing we're going to talk about is
an update to the Makayla Instagram
theory now a couple weeks ago I talked
about this as an Instagram starving
little Michaela and she's blowing up
right now and nobody knows if she's real
or did she think so I talked about in my
video the fact that I think it's fake
and I think it's maybe a company behind
it or some brands that are creating a
girl a lot of computers to settle all
their products while little material I
did not like that and she went on her
Twitter and Instagram and I'm available
to reading lessons whenever you're in
doubt baby desert not desert and it's
pronounced Michaela i lo emoji so that
got me thinking with the reactions I
like a normal person would send or a kid
or somebody who is like pissed and like
why the fuck would I think I'm saying
I'm real fuck this person which made me
think it's not a company maybe it is
just a normal girl the light hotel so I
sent a direct message and I said hey I
did not mean to piss you off I want to
start drama I just thought this was an
interesting story and if it want to talk
more about it I'm here so she wrote back
we talked for a while and something the
Future material of like popping up and
like accuracy video and I don't even
know what that means because I still
don't know if she's real or not so I'm
fucking excited so if you want that to
happen
please go let her know I'm trying I can
hopefully enjoyed these conspiracy
theories today if you want more
conspiracy theory videos and you want to
the more often please give me a thumbs
up so I know and I'll subscribe mention
like a balloon for the magnet videos
every day
and if you want to see all my other
conspiracy theory videos including the
one I did a couple weeks ago about loony
tolerances maybe I'll put a link to a
playlist right cover descriptions and
actually serious I'll see you tomorrow
WC what is the flip after oh my god that
looks like a body of somebody after
Peter got done with them he's like no I
was sucking their blood and they just
ran out I was still hungry so I started
eating their ass and then halfway
through I was over it so we're done
