guys oh my god it just did a podcast
about its star I'm freaking out it was
everything Patrick did weird voices huh
ha ha ha talk about makeup
it was everything and just go check it
out you're not gonna want to miss it I'm
quite packed my pleasure hey guys okay
I'm so fucking excited about today's
video because I love food and I love gas
and it's a combination of my two
favorite things okay so if you guys
don't know this when somebody is on
death row and they are going to be
executed to get one final meal and that
we all can pretty much be whatever they
want so I thought it'd be a fun kind of
weird idea if I tried all of the most
famous last meals by serial killers so
today we're going to be eating foods
that they ate right before they were
executed why am I excited about this so
I'm also going to explain who they are
and the fucked-up shit they did so I
guess I should happen Gary me six of us
I don't know listen this videos going to
be fucking weird all over the place just
like MOBOTIX but you guys are fucked up
like me so let's do it
the first we're going to try the final
meal that would be alive John Wayne Gacy
John Wayne Gacy was put to death
Illinois by lethal injection when he was
52 he was sentenced to death for rape
and murder of over 33 people he also is
referred to as a serial killer clown
because he liked to dress up as a clown
in freedom all right back to the fun
music okay so his last meal was fried
shrimp french fries a pound of
strawberries and a bucket of KFC chicken
how he didn't die from just his heart
giving out his crazy today all right
here we go I have all of that I have my
fried shrimp with french fries Oh
oh my god the biggest bowl of
strawberries ever and of course I got my
bucket of KFC chicken just like to say
it at 10 o'clock oh my god that should
be their new tagline
KFC just like the criminals to eat our
food we're killing it okay so first I
guess I'm just going to dig right to the
kernel you can stop my killers like it
because it's like a head and look at
when you dig inside of the Colonel's
head you pull up fried chicken
you can keep dig in my head not readily
answered that question ranch oh my god
like a coconut
just like crack in another milk comes
out my head crack it with your ranch
comes out cannibal serial killers I'm
waiting alright let's try this chicken
I've obviously tried can't say before
what is that what is that why is there a
fingernail in it but is that I don't
know why I mean because we're talking
about serial killers everything seems
gross to me that literally looks like a
deep-fried a hand oh my god
okay alright we're going to avoid your
fingers by awesome here I mean it's bomb
listen if I have you killed somebody to
get my own fucking KFC bitch I'm coming
for the slaughter like you know Chipotle
has those cars that they give to
youtubers like breach about laser light
if KFC was like Haitian you want to
freak it's a knife card all you gotta do
is murder bitch I'd be like bitch mac
and cheese and lava cake for life grab
my plate
no I love this fucking bomb Gacy this is
one of the many things that relate to
you on not the rape and murder thing
just well being fat having people call
you a clown alright let's try this
fuckin fried shrimp situation you guys
know like fuckin hey shrimp I'm not
going to write it but you know it
reminds me of baby dicks although maybe
that's the serial killers like I'm not
about that I'm going to eat pretty
babies I major I because I just don't
want them to see me babies judge alright
here we go let's try this room ah ha ha
this could make somebody kill them all
this this is the reason for murder not
mental insanity or history of abuse
bitch it's awkward trans the smell of
this literally drive somebody crazy so
it comes with a side of soft of
cocktails rock you know what maybe the
sauce will help it
ooh okay it's also good so maybe I don't
fix it let's get disease mmm JC here I
come
ah ha oh that mouth top was killer
no I thought you hate that I hate your
fucking gross if you like shrimps I'm
sorry
start all shrimp stands sorry your put a
seafood squad but nice one
only it and we don't fuck with the ocean
who I should try fries oh hello
JC it's like we're like this like I know
I haven't been to birthday parties and
like looked at little children about
that sinx wheel but I have thought about
telling them the only difference between
us is that you actually did it
I'm just well too lazy Oh under the
sovereign anyone you know what a fucking
strawberry tastes like I don't think I
need to try these but I might as well
although you know what he was doing them
a favor because when you get lit up in
the execution chair and you're like
cooking he was some like you know what
I'm gonna smell like shrimp on that
shrimp get lit on fire by that fucking
electrocution mask the smell is going to
be fried pussy so it follows that out
when I give them trouble berries maybe
it'll snow I have strawberry pie Jason
stop
it's fruit and you know alright next we
have the serial killer
Timothy McVeigh Timothy McVeigh was
American terrorists behind the Oklahoma
City bombing he was put to death in
Indiana by lethal injection at the age
of 33
he killed 168 ok scary music already
time to eat now this motherfucker
not only is he's burning in hell for
what he did all those people he is
burning in hell for committing a crime
but I think it was and that was the
crime of mixing chocolate and mid you
know I fucking hate this
you know it's my number one no no in the
world of food why would you want to mix
something so amazing this chocolate with
something that he's like fucking
two-faced not real I think anybody that
was like that meeting during presidency
and his final meal was two pint of
chocolate mint ice cream if I would be
the executioner and he would've been
like um hi can I get two pints of
chocolate and ice cream out of it like
Oh time flew and tigers died quick
bullshit oh yeah another 30 minutes left
to eat not add because this is wrong I'm
going to try it anyways you know I'm not
like this alright I'm going to get a big
spoonful I want you to see what this
crazy person was thinking my therapist
when I come in for an appointment I
don't want to see with this crazy
person's thinking how to see chase oh
can you see this fucking gross knit why
is it green come for me my girl come for
me
I'm leaving I'm waiting with my place
I'm trying to get my KFC card
all right here we go I smell cinnamon
why does this always happen to me why do
I always feel like I'm going to hate
something and then try it and realize
it's not as bad as I thought that's none
of the world's supposed to work its
bookwork like this I hate you but you
don't know me yeah but I hate you but if
you just got to know me maybe you
wouldn't know you're this that's
Otherworld supposed to work it's not
supposed to be like I hate you
really I thought maybe you could like me
I mean wearing the same things I like
horror movies you like horror movies i
lo que se you look a SC I will drive
around my car and blaring Ashlee
Simpsons pieces of me at high volume do
you like to not what but what I'm
supposed to hate you is bitch is not so
great I'm not like that
I don't know world but actually like
this I'm talking to you maybe I'm a
killer oh my god way can we talk about
what I would have for my last meal okay
if I would give the execution chair
because of the murder of my family I
would go for something Mexican food
probably like a big Grande burrito wet
with melted cheese on top excited sour
cream instead of guacamole nachos with
extra ticket to workshop us up picture a
diet coke cuz bitch cancer company I'm
already dead bitch and just as of
biggest log I know
a lot of flawed haters out there but
that jiggly asked let's color dessert is
missing and then I'd be like if we're
not done I want you to go to buddy's
bouquet toss and I wanted to make me a
life-size cake of my family so I can
murder them again with my mouth and then
you're gonna kill me bitch
sounds like everything I'm gonna go kill
these alike
all right next killer we have is Peter
in the late nineteen twenty meter
curtain would kill his victims and then
drink their blood he was known as the
vampire of Dusseldorf
he murdered at least nine people and
sucked the blood of at least 20 and then
he was executed by Nicky
scary music over all right here's what
he ate
now this is confusing to me because this
was when I teamed want to use and I'm
pretty sure this company was not around
but it says that he had a bottle of
white wine and Wienerschnitzel
did you change that information in the
Wikipedia page you can get some pulmo
out of this because yes I'm aware
technically you both suck but like you
were around in the 20s so I'm guessing
leadership level is like a German word
for hot dog maybe the either way I got
some leadership on some white wine I
have never actually tried white wine
because I'm gonna ditch not kidding I
don't know I just never tried it but
this one is supposed to do me these
fantasy that's why I was the route that
I said get me the cheapest one you have
right here we go fuck I don't know how
to do this this is like in the movies
right where they go pump poop and then
they're all like with their friends and
like making it right like I'm alone and
I'm trying to use their serial killers
favorite meals
alright let me try to find something
open system quit hold on okay so I just
been 10 minutes looking for something to
open this with I have nothing because
all I drink is firewall and you can open
that with your fucking teeth so we're
not going to try this I want to give
this - I don't know anybody doesn't
drink this all my friends are trash
being the trash wieners dude sometimes
all right Peter let's see how good your
tasteless oh fuck Oh what is that what
happened my god that looks like a body
of somebody after Peter I dealt with
that he's like you know I was
they're blotted and they just ran out
still hungry so I started eating their
ass and then halfway through I was over
it so if we're done
oh no that's just stuff so fucked
wieners sizzles come to fuck lock this
time so just try because I'm eat Cheers
like I said before it is very salty but
how about girl lives how I eat it like I
wouldn't murder my family for it but I
murdered my dog or maybe a stranger
family I would murder my neighbor I know
exactly the one by the way how do you
think he picked his victims like what
about them do you think you like that he
will do suck their blood and also if
they're a tender for vampire because
there should be also to do her fatty
condoms because they should and it's not
safe if they know oh my god fucking
romantic comedy about a gating out for
vampire called dating sucks bitch hand
me my money
alright next killer alright so the next
killer we're going to talk about is
Velma Barfield Velma was a serial killer
who had six victims in 1984 she was
executed in North Carolina scary music /
now Velma is my kinda bitch not because
she murdered people because I would
never do that believe I'm in a dream
but that was declined a last meal I said
you know what I would rather have a
family-sized bag of cheese puffs and a
coke what a fuckin queen signing a
murderer of that person somebody we
should not look up to but also a fucking
icon like what kind of killer is like
you know what I don't want to kill this
banishing I love this openness of God
they smell so Jerry do you think she
likes integer seniors let's give this
cheese puffs a try well it really is
good these really are worth killing over
oh my god dangerously cheesy has a whole
new meaning criminally cheesy
oh my god and then she ate the Cheetos
and then they lit her up and bitch she
was flaming hot been turned her into a
flamin hot cheeto guys do I have to
spill it next to it all right the next
killer we're going to talk about it
Ronnie Lee Carter Ronnie was sentenced
to death for burglary robbery and two
counts as work he was put to death in
Utah the angel
49 scary musical okay so this
motherfuckers last meal was crazy she
wanted steak a lobster tail apple pies
vanilla ice cream and he wanted to eat
that all while watching The Lord of the
Rings trilogy bitch I would rather just
die now if somebody was like okay lethal
injection or all the test is that the
Lord of the Rings trilogy I'd be like
bitch
kill me now so obviously I'm not going
to be watching The Lord of the Rings
while eating because I'm not trying to
get copyrighted and I also I'm not
trying to do that to myself and I'm
definitely not going to be eating a
lustre because we all know how that is
hail then you can see her inside so
instead I have some steak estimable pie
but I did make one slight modification
so I ordered apple pie from a diner and
there was an option to put melted cheese
on it bitch what so I ordered it because
I'm like you know what let's make this
crazy and also a serial killer would do
some shit like this so here is my state
and apple pie with melted cheese on it I
mean that's definitely a type of murder
I mean they can literally just give this
plate to somebody in the execution room
and be like you know what we ran out of
the lethal injection and our
electrocution thing isn't working so he
did all right so let's fly into this
state first look very high quality mmm
look at all the gray meat here we go
that's so crazy
it's so hot it's still crazy that
somebody would eat that ball so that
somebody would serve that and be like
here's your $20 state like it literally
has zero flavor and it looks like a dead
rat you should be ashamed of yourself
diner I'm not gonna be able your name
I'm not trying to drag you come with me
but just know I will not be back and
that's a lie I will be back any time I'm
drunk and I want naturally all right
let's try this pie oh my god I'm so
nervous about this well cheese and apple
pie the fuck we go what why is that good
that's really good
what oh my god I'm so good you guys I
don't even I can't explain this it's
like how many don't tell me in miracle
berries that we looking it's like sweet
and salty and weird and are you like
I'm confused we got me when I'm a
vampire and I train blood for the first
time oh my god I love it
the person's like bleeding out there
like it already helped me shut the fuck
up you're ruining my moment I know this
is amazing why do I like it I don't know
nobody kill me alright last but not
least this motherfucker is me I know I
say that a lot I know I'm like me me me
me me this motherfucker
where are you talking about Allan levy I
would make the stop when I'm going to
use scary music his name was Alan Davis
kill those people he was put to death in
Florida and his last meal was a half a
loaf of garlic bread and started to love
who the NWO fear fuckin me like I can't
even brought there help me that in I
just can't imagine being like hi yes
kinda get 32 ounces of beer that's
physically impossible you can't drink
all that five minutes
oh that's funny because they didn't
think I could murder all those people in
five minutes bitch watch me like help
fuckin iconic also sad and terrible and
I feel very bad for family but also me
okay I don't need to try this it's not
garlic right I'm sure it's fine bitch I
need to break into her now I am NOT
gonna lie I've never had regular
reviewer I always could die so this is
like a huge moment for me sound that's
the time I want your blood hi here we go
Oh bubble
Oh bah
I just discovered a whole new world oh
my god
all the sugary sweet food spicy oh my
god okay
I can't do this anymore I need to go
back to diet this is gonna kill me
literally Oh both name again Alan I'll
see you soon all right I was me drying
serial killers favorite foods that's
weird
if you like this video I know it was
different kind of weird but I liked it
if you liked it please give me a thumbs
up right now and subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos daily something it and if you
want the only other eating videos or my
other creepy videos where I talk about
some real code I'll put some links to
some playlists write the comment
description below as you guys I will see
you little killer bye
so basically into a dream you are aware
that you're dreaming and you can do
whatever you want
you could walk outside naked you could
fuck whoever you want you can punch
whoever you want you can eat whatever
you want you can meet whoever you want
it's literally sucking everything
