oh hey what's up guys my name is Destry
welcome back to WTF five I know what you
think that's true what a magnificent
suit where can I get one
no well you can thank my aunt Kathy for
this beautiful thing that I'm definitely
not gonna wear once and then throw away
unrelated side note I thought for
today's video in the Christmas spirit we
would count down the fight worst
Christmas gifts ever given to someone
also if you're a terrible gift giver
like my aunt Kathy and admittedly the
rest of my entire family this video will
also double as a guide of what not to
give someone for Christmas this year
number one inappropriate gifts well have
that one person in our family or friends
that likes to give us the most
incredibly stupid or inappropriate gifts
that are never practical for any real
life situation it's like they get off on
you opening up a gift and being so
embarrassed by it that you have to do
like one of those forced laughs you know
like ha ha ha thanks Uncle Dave I love
it
I'm so glad you gave me a sign that says
no gay sex I'm so glad that instead of a
real gift you got me a Kevin James
workout DVD by the way that is seriously
a real gift that you could give someone
but jump ok stop stop it
um some other terrible inappropriate
gifts you could give someone are canned
unicorn beet and it's even better about
this one than the actual product itself
is the reviews of the product on Amazon
do not eat too much of this stuff at
once I had the rainbow runs for a week
the entire complex smelled like hopes
and dreams
I think stick with fresh I highly
recommend Tom Riddle brand unicorn state
which arrived still oozing restorative
blood we all have that one friend that
constantly complains about never getting
any action so why not throw them a
boyfriend instead or even better why not
give them deep masturbation kids I
wasn't aware that you needed a kid for
that I mean I've been doing just fine
left in here I'm gonna rail you so hard
later want to teach your child how to
shave early why not get beat you can
shave the baby tall what look like who
invented this it was like this is a
great idea I have this revolutionary
idea
haven't you ever water to shave a
freakishly hairy ginger baby act no you
think that's bad check out the
any carpets no this is not a carpet
specifically for cats these are reusable
pubes that you can attach to your how do
I make this ad friendly your nono square
I'm trying YouTube yeah why is this a
gift imagine opening this up what is
your reaction Kathy I know how you've
always wanted fumes so I can't even
finish that's good anyways moving on
number two Regan's okay so I'm pretty
sure this one is obvious but for those
of you who maybe don't know don't give
someone a we give the only is it just
the laziest thing but it's essentially
the gift equivalent of giving someone
herpes I don't want these are bees but
there you go enjoy imagine if you can do
that know like send a gift to someone
like oh another present let's see oh no
put these herpes in here now I'm getting
a cold sore
so I'm some of the worst we giving story
as I was able to find online
we have someone getting ly gifted their
own copy of Suicide Squad on DVD that
they had given to their friends we gift
it to them by that same friend well I
would rather give shave a baby than that
that is terrible I know what you're
doing and don't you dare leave a comment
down below saying look at this sicko he
said he'd rather shave a baby watch
suicide oh God let's take oh oh why am i
watching this guy where's Shane man I
see you don't you do it
my brother received a guest gift card
from a family friend for his birthday
but there was no amount written down so
he stopped me guests to check the amount
58 dollars and 12 cents
Wow how generous there's no way that
that cards already been used it has to
be just so awkward to be Khatri gifting
like what do you do all right Marcus
this one is from me and Deborah enjoy oh
um this is actually this same Polaroid
camera that I've given you guys for your
baby shower I don't I don't think so we
definitely bought that um yester week
yeah it even still says happy baby
shower NIC and Deborah right there I
don't think that's us I mean that could
be anyone named Nick and Deborah number
three prank gifts so these are without a
now the worst kind of gifts that you can
give or get from someone else because
not only is it just thoughtless and
stupid but half the time they'd already
been real gifts but of some of the worst
prank gifts we have our people packaging
potatoes and iPhone boxes so they think
they got a new phone but I'll guess what
nope just potatoes Wow even worse people
packaging aphids
and 100 layers of trash so it takes 40
minutes to open it oh my god that's so
funny
said no one hey you know how much you
wanted a new iPad for Christmas well
guess what we got you the next best
thing
and etch-a-sketch in an iPad case Wow
thanks dick I'm pretty sure no one's
been excited about getting an
etch-a-sketch for Christmas since the
1920s it's one of those gifts that you
use once and are like wow cool and then
never use again you want to know the
world's quickest way to be single kid
your girlfriend a jewelry box with the
sign in it that says lol just kidding oh
here's a fun one crap for Christmas I
got you twenty-five dollars with a
lottery ticket I went ahead and scratch
them off for you you won two dollars
gives that two dollars Merry Christmas
Nicole cool I just won't let you know
that there is a slow burn waiting for
you in Hell thanks to the internet we
also have thousands of videos of parents
breaking their children with terrible
gifts say Jimmy I know how much you
wanted a hoverboard so here's a single
rollerblade I just love how much this
dad is enjoying torturing his kids I
feel like I could have worded that
better
then there's the dad that gifted his
kids hand soap and a single rice cake
and the kids reaction is just great why
is it a joke there's your gifts I really
feel that kid well I really need to
start thinking about what I say before I
say it don't you dare poke that and send
it to my Twitter as a meme
then we have some kids opening up onions
in a toilet brush and I'm gonna be the
comments on that one so that you guys
can't you know make fun of me so suck it
kids witness burst I can't win number
four gifts that aren't really for the
person receiving them so if you're
wondering what this one is it's one of
those gifts that you give to someone
that are really for someone else
this can be your dad getting you a
present like that that's drag got you
this Xbox happy Christmas no way thanks
dad no problem except I'm gonna be
playing at 90% of the time and it's
gonna be my room okay bye
more like this type of gifts where it's
like hey so I got you this awesome
awesome screwdriver of a tape measure
and also a single screw and now that you
have all that I was hoping maybe you
could help me fix my car build me a
shelving unit and also at home for me
Olivia you want me to build you a home
with a screwdriver okay don't forget
that screw I got you that's gonna get
you real far you know about twenty-eight
thousand more of those at boob we got
ourselves a house my friend some some
would be worth stories of these we have
someone getting their nephew deodorant
apparently someone was gifted a book on
how to give good oral sex AKA v least
subtle way that you could tell your
partner that they're the worst of it but
babe I thought you liked when I chomp on
it yeah totally apparently someone got
wrinkle cream and they're stalking but
there were 14 out I got this one in
addition to just being the worst gift is
also a league if my grandpa who are to
use like half of it okay you go Sydney I
used half of it on my balls and they're
not one bit less wrinkly wow thanks
grandpa
no problem probably number five just
plainly awful gifts so this is really
the category that might grab as gifts
really belong to because we're talking
about a person who thought it was a
great idea to give their grandson a
large pain of unusable blasts like bless
her old frail soul but what kind of a
person thinks that getting their
grandson this snakes on a plane
soundtrack is an okay idea Thompson
would be worse too plainly awful gifts
we'd have any pets just avoid getting
people pets again unless someone asks
for it no one wants to be put in a
position where it's like here's an
iguana isn't it cute you're gonna need
to get a terrarium for it and I eats
five little cricket today good luck
another great one of calendar especially
for a year that already happens that is
actually happened to me
yes it was my grandma how'd you know it
wasn't just like from a single year
earlier it was like big rabbit this
calendar is from 1952 oh really
yeah it says here on the cover and it
was kind of obvious when there was an ad
for a new toy sweeping the nation called
mr. Potato Head
another example that someone submitted
to Reddit was a purple brick literally
just a brick that's painted purple I
will say at least some thought whether
this gift you know like like it's not
just a brick so what actually took the
time to paint this thing which is
already better than like 90% of the
gifts that I get you know at least it
has some practical use you can put
flowers in it or you could put it on a
shelf I guess
wow that's two things already holy crap
this is the only two things so anyway
it's hopefully you guys enjoyed this
guide on what not to gift someone for
Christmas I'm gonna go burn this outfit
so I'll see you later
also if you enjoyed this video make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel I will be doing these every
single week but before you guys go eat a
lot if you went and checked out my
newest adventure vlog on my channel
where I did a photo shoot in a haunted
cemetery anyways I wanted to do
something special for this episode so
I'll be giving away one copy of Suicide
Squad on DVD to one lucky winner what's
that you know you don't want it oh okay
well okay don't get rid of this thing
I'm totally joking it's going in the
trash where belongs that's a guy's don't
see you next time for another WTF 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
