stay with us guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
have you ever died dozen say me neither
we have so much in common but it's also
quite scary knowing that every second of
every day we are getting closer to that
magical time where inevitably we're all
going to die wow great introductory hi
how's it going you're going to die
especially scary though the fact that
sometimes we come close to death without
even knowing it so right I put the hook
by we can tell these five scariest
near-death experiences caught on camera
and just warning you some of these are
pretty graphic so if you get easily
squeamish just warning also even more
serious that some of these are filmed in
awesome 360p quality which just looks so
great without further ado let's get into
number one professional racecar driving
is dangerous enough for the people of
driving but as we see in this first
video some spectators the sport can be
pretty unlucky how several crashes occur
in the background one car veered off to
the side with this hazard that is
terrified
holy fuck oh how the fuck did that guy
does dodge out of the way only sure this
is it neo from the matrix but he just
dodged out of the way like it was no big
deal
this happens every day what luckily
everyone in this video made out of lives
but asking to see it was really really
close number two I thought what older
video shows a footage obtained by a
Russian freak and where a guy is almost
hit not only by a car but also by a bus
as well the great thing about both of
these is that they both come inches away
from killing it oh yeah this one just
makes like my fucking chest like get a
little tight and like my nutsack just
goes like that you guys ever have that
probably not if you're a girl but like
for guys who are watching this video do
you ever have that where you just like
scared of something or something's like
really intense in your nutsack oh god it
doesn't actually say the words of God
but you know I just like cut sucked up
and it's like fuck that shit
no okay well so I just have a medical
condition is what you're talking okay
probably you got to think like if it's
at least slightly slower this day like
just did say like if you didn't get like
a balanced breakfast or something you
would have fucking not recommend I just
decided one morning like oh I'm not
going to have you know cereal I'm going
to have a Red Bull for breakfast okay I
know for a fact Red Bull does not in
fact give you wings so I tried to put
Red Bull on a diet butterfly one hand
just died to prepare those who thought
because it was bombing it and if it went
under 60 miles per hour it would have
exploded
now let's see the movie speed er a
standard bullet now okay so good movie
this I really the story with this one is
that the bustin brakes failed with
consciousness plan in the car and almost
killed the guys I gather luckily no one
died during the incident so there's that
you know at least the bus driver wasn't
like texting and driving gotta get me
fuckin nude bra
although I British in this videos from
like 2006 so I don't even think we had
texting men and even if we did it was
like that shitty t9 word or just like
five minutes to find out one fucking
word alright 7 7 7 3 to pause for
alright 14 more letters until I spell
out the word send nude and the service
is so great in 2006 it'll only take me
five minutes to receive a phone up as
far as I know the bus driver was not
receiving news during the into this
number three a tsunami in Japan was
caught on three camera washing away
houses off the main road where cars
heading in his direction didn't have
that much time to react now all the cars
just back away slowly like okay yes
episode let me just uh yep okay hold
about what the fuck is his black car
doing why did he think it was necessary
to do a three-point turn it during the
tsunami that was me I'd be screaming at
the top of my lungs going 90 the other
way this guy's just like alright gotta
be safe y'all everyone coupled up in the
back okay anyone want to listen to some
tunes we did number four I honestly
don't really believe in guardian angels
and all that stuff but honestly in this
next clip I have no idea how this guy
didn't die definitely advisers would go
to lawsuit to do with all the sudden
like what so the red car get this bumper
heads which essentially comes off and
almost fits the guy as well as the back
of the red car itself which has to be
doing like 50 to 60 miles per hour and
then the truck that narrowly avoids
completely running the guy over and it
just clips them enough to like land him
on the ground where you just sits there
like nothing happened I just don't know
how this guy is so calm like if that was
me I'd already have shit in my pants
I'd be screaming at top of my lungs and
crying well at the same time continuing
to shit in my pants but it seems like
everyone on this list is just like I
don't get it finally at number five but
even more scary than seeing a near-death
experience on camera it's being won on a
GoPro because you actually feel like
you're experiencing it well if that's
what I've actually uploaded to YouTube
by a thrill seeker known on YouTube as a
spoof who travels around the world in
search of dangerous things to jump off
one such encounter show that he narrowly
escaped dying jumping off the roof of a
hotel into the water another one shows
as he jumps from a hotel into a narrow
pool another one where he's jumping from
rocks into an ocean that he barely
misses the fucking rock well this last
one that he did he didn't end up still
lucky and he attempted to jump from atop
another hotel when this happens
so according to his YouTube he shattered
both of his feet when they hit the edge
of the pool and it may actually never
recover and the reason update he's also
opened a GoFundMe page to help pay for
his medical bills and I want to feel bad
for this guy and I do but at the same
time it's like no fucking shit this
happens like some people just watching
finger insis fuck shit to get attention
or feel cool and no one is surprised
when they die they guess it's probably
pretty cool to see a grown man put
fucking peanut butter on the pad and
stick it in a grizzly bears mouth
probably surprising that grizzly bear
chomps down in his head and enjoys a
peanut butter and brain matter fuckin
sandwich so it has been a lot of videos
like this where people who are trying to
be daredevil narrowly escaped death but
I guess that's for another one to sub 5
down the road but this is this episode
of what's about 5 hopefully you guys
enjoyed it maybe they'd make sure to
give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more
everything the leaf also be sure to
check out my channel youtube.com slash
cab nessus where I stick my head in
grizzly bears now the real fun time come
on beheading said guys don't do that
pepper another one the Popeye thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
