hey what's behind yes today is going to
be a different type of video something
that I'm very very excited to talk about
I wanted to make a video about this for
so long and then this morning when I
woke up I was like fuck it we're doing
it because I just woke up from literally
lucid dreaming all fucking night and it
was fucking awesome so if you don't know
what was dreaming is at once recognize
lucid dreaming is the ability to
consciously observe and/or control your
dream so basically in your dream you are
aware that you're dreaming and you can
do whatever you want you can walk
outside naked you could fuck whoever you
want you can punch whoever you want you
can eat whatever you want you can meet
whoever you want it's literally fucking
everything so it kind of turned your
dream into an alternate reality because
everything feels very real you can hear
you can smell you can taste you can feel
having sex in a lucid dream sometimes
feels better than having sex in real
life because what your brain does is it
takes your memory of the best sex you've
ever had and like how it felt and you
feel it in your dream okay today I'm
going to give you guys some tips on how
to lucid dream so the first tip is
probably the most popular one I don't
personally use it supposedly it does
hold a lot and that is to keep a dream
journal
so either have a journal next to your
bed or just use your iphone note and
every morning when you wake up right
away write down with your dream one
write down certain things that are
memorable like were you at a KFC or were
you in a car or were you hanging out
with your mom just like very specific
details about the dream that you were
doing and your reason for this is
because if you start to have the same
dream over and over again or maybe your
dreams take place in a car or in KFC a
lodge or with your mom a lot then next
time you're dreaming and you're in a KFC
when you're in a car you can be like
wait I
done this a lot maybe I'm dreaming
okay the second tip is something that
really really worked and it's something
I do all the time and that is to check
your realities during the day so what I
mean by that is like if you're walking
to school or you're driving to work or
you're going to Taco Bell to get some
food why do all of my examples involve
doctors well whatever you're doing it
while you're doing it check your reality
be like oh I'm walking to school right
now my feet are on the ground there's
trees next to me I have my Batman job
there's that house I always see oh
there's that neighbor I always see just
like check the things that are very real
if you're a Taco Bell oh there's the
lady I know a Taco Bell oh there's the
menu there's a hospital station just
look around and really evaluate what is
in front of you where you are it's going
to make sense X so basically the purpose
of doing that is that when you're
dreaming if you are walking to school in
your dream or your Excel in your dream
you'll know what's real so if you're
walking to school in your dream be like
am i walking on the ground
do I see the neighbors do I see that
familiar house and if you're not walking
on the ground if you're floating or if
that house is now purple or if that
neighbor is now a monkey you know that
your dream because the key a lucid
dreaming is you need to know that you're
dreaming okay so the third tip is
probably the most important and it's
something I do every night before bed
so as you close your eyes and you're
laying down in your bed and you're about
to fall asleep number one tell yourself
that you are going to lucid dream
tonight also tell yourself what you want
to dream about say I want to dream that
I'm going to walk around my school and
we'll be able to do whatever I want or
I'm going to dream that I'm on a date
with the high sky or the hottest girl
and we're going to have to and then add
your slowly drifting octave
keep thinking about those things see you
having sex see walking around at school
see it because those are the last images
that will be in your brain before you
fall asleep and hopefully they will go
into your subconscious okay so this is
just a little side note if you ever get
up the middle of 90 dopey and then you
go back to sleep after that if you
remember the dream you were having right
before you woke up to go pee as you're
falling back asleep
pretend like you're back in that dream
again because if you do go back to that
journey when you fall asleep you're
better chances of lucid dreaming okay so
those are some tips that you can do when
you're not believing to try to have a
lucid dream now let's talk about things
to do in your trip so the trick is when
you're in a dream if you realize you're
in a dream now you can do it over the
wall so here's just a few things you can
do to try to make that the first thing
is to read the back of the cereal box
I know it sounds crazy but every time
I'm dreaming if I'm in the kitchen which
is smoked as done I will go to a cereal
box or the back of a pop-tart box
or the back of a jug milk and I will
read and if it's gibberish
and if it makes no sense right away my
brain is like I'm dreaming and that
doesn't just happen in the kitchen you
could go read a book you could literally
look at a street sign or look at
anything in your dream as writing and if
it doesn't make any sense the second
thing to do is to look at the sky I just
did this one last night and it's fucking
trip me out because I've never done this
one before but if you look at the sky it
doesn't look real it looks like it looks
actually drew it I was reading are
honest and supposedly your brain cannot
comprehend what the sky looks like the
sky is too complicated so your brain
literally just makes it look like a
painting the second thing to do is look
down because most likely you are not on
ground sort of floating and this is
another weird thing that your brain does
your brain like can't comprehend your
screen touching the ground so you're
always kind of hovering
that's why most you're dreaming
remember always floating or flying or
swimming you're never really cheap
another thing to do is look get uglier
now if you look in the mirror in a dream
I'm warning you it's kind of fucking
scary but it's not really going to look
like you because your brain is going to
have a hard time processing that and
showing you what you look like it's
going to look like a weird version you
kind of like fucked up or stressed out
or bigger nose or bigger mouth which is
not really going to look and the last
thing to do is so fucking weird and so
creepy and I did it last night because
I'd never tried it before and that is to
grab the skin on your hand and pull it
now this is another weird thing that
your brain does but they can't
comprehend like how flexible your skin
is and you will literally just pull your
skin for so long last night in my dream
I looked up at the sky and look painted
like I'm in a dream and then I did my
arm and I just grabbed it and it way the
skin stress stopping down lodge and I
started freaking out okay so now that
you follow the tips you thought about
what you wanted to do about you fell
asleep thinking about it you're in your
dream you see the sky you pull your skin
you're officially know you're dreaming
so now let's talk about what you can do
is in some of the most popular things
that people have to do is flying you can
literally fly whatever you want you can
time travel you can move huge objects
you can literally move a house with your
hand you can go through walls you can
literally do anything you can do
whatever a ghost could do or a superhero
could do you can do it your dream you
can have sex with literally anyone that
is most important if you are struggling
with your sexual identity and you don't
really
like or maybe you're going to purely
you're confused about bags this is
something I used a lot honestly just a
few years because I didn't know if I was
into having sex guys or if it was just
like a weird emotional thing so in my
dream I literally which I having sex
with guys and the sex feels very real
it's fucking so weird but it's really
awesome and this is also great if you
were like me when you were a kid and
you're like I wanna have sex so I
married you were really religious and
then you could just go to sleep and be
like but Apple has these dreams I fucked
my whole school all of it another cool
thing that you could hang help anybody I
hung out with Hilary Duff in my dreams
upon Avril Lavigne I hung out with Jesus
you could literally hang out with
anybody if you just imagine them man
open your knife but out of everything I
think lying is definitely the most fun
and the way to do that I kind of
explained it like swimming like you know
when you are pushing off the wall in the
pool and you like start to do that with
your body like a dolphin
you're like pushing pushing and pushing
in the water it's the same thing except
you're standing up on the ground
well slowly and you push and you start
doing that with your body I know it
looks different but you start doing that
and then you start flying it's a very
similar sensation to swimming and I
think the reason it that happens is
because your brain you can't comprehend
what it feels like to fly because you
don't fly but your brain can comprehend
which is like to swim so it feels very
single okay so you're in your lucid
dream you're doing only crazy things
you're fucking never you want to hang it
out whatever you want
now you're probably really excited and
that's the problem some people during
their first lucid dream gets so excited
that they literally wake themselves up
so if you start to feel yourself wake up
or you start to feel things slowly
fading away you're like no no I want to
leave this dream one thing you can do in
your dream is spin around it stops if
you can and then fall backwards I don't
know why we work another thing to do is
rub your hands together as fast as you
can
for some reason that element works and
if you travel to those things
you stay okay so we talked about how to
do it I talked about all the fun stuff
you can do now let's talk about the
lucid dreaming does have a duck because
if you are lucid dreaming and it turns
to a nightmare you are going to feel and
hear and see everything in a normal
nightmare kind of fuzzy and scary and
kind of wake yourself up in a lucid
dream if you get stabbed you feel it if
there's a monster you see it you can
hear it you can taste it you can smell
it like a very very real
but here's the cool part you can use
your lucid dream powers to destroy the
monster or to fucking get rid of all the
evil things in your dreams and that's
kind of cool because if you have a huge
fear of something stabbing you and
they're running toward you imagery with
the knife through nearly school and make
them fly away come on
and another thing if you want to get out
of your dream because it's too scary
this sounds creative and I don't know if
it works for everybody but it works for
me and this is going to sound very very
dark but kill yourself I know it sounds
awful it sounds crazy but if you're in a
bad dream and you want to get out find a
way to kill yourself jump into traffic
or do something else I know
I know it's dark but it's just a dream
now and for me the second I like jump
off a cliff and I hit the ground I wake
up and I had to do that a few times
because I'm not American so intent and
like I just can't even process it that I
need to get out now the other dark side
of lucid dreaming is Street paralysis
now we've talked about this before I've
made a whole video about sleep
if you don't know what it in basically
it's when you're asleep though you're
also a week like your consciousness of
the lake you know that you're lying in
bed but you can you are and you can't
move your legs and you can open your
eyes it's literally one of the scariest
feeling kennels in the world one time I
have requested for literally like five
hours I was laying there for like five
hours hoping and begging that somebody
would come in and wake me up to know
what he did now this happened there's a
couple things you can do number one it
don't freak out that actually makes it
worse because that can lead to a panic
attacks and having a panic attack and
you can't move your bodies don't you
story but what you can do is just fall
back to sleep know that you're in sleep
paralysis know that you're scared but
just know that if you fall back to sleep
you'll be fine and the cool thing is if
you fall back asleep you'll go right
back into a lucid dream and you can do
whatever you want but if you are really
scared and you just want to wake up you
have to slowly try to move your body
start with your toes if you slowly try
to move one toe slowly you can hopefully
it'll start moving and about once a move
and the next toe move and then your
whole toe loop and then that's the link
and one thing you can also do is if
you're sleeping next to somebody try
yelling it'll feel like you're screaming
but it'll actually sound more like and
that will force them to be like what the
fuck can wait you up I've done is one a
lot but I think the number one tips to
remember if you're having a nightmare or
your lucid dreaming and something bad is
happening or you have sleep paralysis
just remember you're totally safe you're
just dreaming which is
to sleep there does come hopefully you
enjoyed this video try using these tips
please and leave some comments down
below letting me know if you did or if
you do citrine the fullest also give
this video thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and you want more kind of weird
tutorials because there's a lot of weird
shit that I learned how to do we can
talk about actual projecting more but
that one is a little insane and I don't
even think people will believe me I'll
make sure that I show my double to the
defib videos all right you guys I'm
going to go please try these tips let me
know how they work tweet me Instagram me
all that shit and I will see you guys
your dream oh that's how I got ready in
the morning to play put on my clothes
look in the mirrors oh alright
oh yeah yeah something
