hey all you brokeback pigs welcome back
to my channel I know what you're
thinking oh my god is this usually it
Shane I mean it's so big and gross and
creepy and relatable like who is this
masked a beautiful bitch sitting right
in front of us like we're naive go call
the cop hello hi yes it's been smashed
and I'm here to tell you that it's still
me I'm still growing hi oh yeah okay
usually when I do grow product videos I
use this little clip in bang and I was
like you know what bitch it's white dead
King I am ready to up my hair game so I
lift out this way that I used to use a
video it's a long time ago
Wow this is going to be very strange if
people are just like stumbling upon my
channel no I'm not trans I am NOT Gigi
gorgeous I wish it was I am good good
grill oh my god my trainers name oh yeah
this is just a wig I have not this hi
nice to meet you
so I'm wearing away again we're doing
this I'm ready for these girl products
I'm wearing a wig mainly because a lot
of these products involve long hair so I
kind of like needed it but I also just
want you to know that when I was setting
up for this video I would catch myself
just like stroking it so high all right
let's do this
the first we're going to start with this
situation so I saw this online and I
thought it was the stupidest thing I've
ever seen this is a at-home hair drying
room based on your head so you know like
when you go to my hair salon not that I
would know a little barber shop like if
I did know like you know you're at the
salon just like all your Judy's and you
guys are like getting your wigs nah well
you know and they put that big like
thing on your head and then you like sit
there and it cook and then like two
hours later they lift it up and all your
fucking hair is gone you're like oh my
my money back and then you go and yell
and you fucking destroy them you fucking
go on YouTube you make a video about it
you expose those motherfuckers and bitch
you ever seen well it's just like that
one carbonate with that thing on your
head it comes it's this so basically you
put this on your head your whole head
and then you can tighten it oh oh oh my
god I know this is starting to get
creepy but honestly it's kind of
right now right like for real though
like I'm not even kidding I'm not even
making jokes like now I'm really
confused okay let's take this penis part
of it and then you basically hook your
blow-dryer into this turn it on and it
just gives your whole head of low job
which I am ready for oh my god can you
imagine like me getting a blowjob
wearing this wig I sexual both okay here
we go oh my god yeah oh my god I'm
nervous
okay all right here we go oh wait this
is like fake so this is gonna land on
fire oh my god blows working myself uh I
kid but that video is gonna happen all
right here we go one two three oh my god
oh my god wait hold on you need to see
this this is doing my whole fucking head
into a marshmallow get hot with hot oh
my god it's really hot it's my head on
fire
look keep going oh oh hi move it burning
also like George Beauty to do irrelevant
okay there's a cool setting on here too
let me you wish that was like in real
life we just touched the cool thing oh
not working
oh well it's broken Jordan all right
here's a cool setting there we go
and for sure going to fuck that like
it's not even a question and I'm going
to do a while wearing this wig wow I
would love this okay let me put this
back on what if I cover my whole entire
head with it so dangerous I do right
here we go woah that was suffocating
okay I'm gonna leave my mouth out so I
can actually breathe oh she did not want
to be on my head she has less stability
no this is great
I love this I'm never going to use it
for the right purposes but I'm
definitely gonna fuck it alright next
product okay so this next product has
been all over Instagram phobic fucking
Instagram beauty bloggers and if you
don't like polo let me reenact one of
their photos for you just say you like
remember it here we go ah I don't know
about you guys but the first thing I do
every morning is take a message shit but
when after I do that I just know it I
smell all of it
hmmm after I'm done doing back what I
get ready for the day and I go
downstairs and see my boyfriend is a
shit then also he gives me a big old
Dookie with I go out my coffee cup and I
get my 50 that's right
15 it's a 14 day load of bullshit makes
your tummy go away make your problems go
away
also on my coffee cup it says what a
quiet boy what it works because I don't
know what that word means and I feel
like if I hear it enough it'll figure it
out okay here we go oh my god buy it
that's next
fun make it every day get your shit in
this cop
why can't a something better bye guys oh
yeah cuz this is busy it's not fun will
never be fun no I see this everywhere
all these gurus talk about it it's eken
come on it's just another one of these
keys where people say drink it it's late
whatever maybe it works I'm not gonna
lie I'll probably use it I just think
it's funny all these gurus promote it
and they do not drink it and they do not
need to lose weight
and they're skinny and they're like oh
my god would not have this speech bother
iFit p bitch I see you on snapchat
eating pizza every day that we fought is
genetic but for real let me actually try
this I'm not like hating on a company
that I don't know sorry guys ok ok
they're cleaner better that's my foreign
review ensemble is it promotes fat
burning and weight loss Sims and clean
your system bitch I know what that means
all right that's my physical review of
15 it's fine oh my god how have we not
done this yet hold on I cannot have with
new ways without my help ease Kirsten
where'd you go yeah oh my god yeah I
gotta blow up oh my god she did blow up
look at just the side-by-side look at
your set for 2016 next six year sentence
in 2017 bitch that blows oh yes I'd love
it
how do I let me drop state cheese that's
not as I visit I'll figure it out just a
second let me get him thank you good I
love it
all right next product oh my god okay
this is so fun
stupid but I love it so you don't like
those air humidifier things that like
bougie ass people use they're like it's
through miasma I'm like this don't play
with me
that's what inhalers here for well this
is like a thing you put on your phone
and then you press a button are you
ready for this it creates like an
at-home deeming situation let me zoom in
whoa Beauty the bees new trailer here
okay so wait let's press it a go oh
thanks to haters whoo oh my god oh this
is everything oh my god this is great I
love it oh I love it I never have to
shower guess all this is everything
already so that's why I don't care it is
Wow oh my god just like on the song it's
like brushing my teeth oh my god you
could probably put like soda in here cuz
it's just water what if I said look like
Diet Coke and then I'm like bitch well
I need a medic okay rainfall because
I'll have hot sauce in my bag swag I'm a
big riser all that so nag oh this is
great I love it okay I love this we're
holding on there's nothing else there's
a what a queen what that's fucking
amazing Queen maybe that's her name
Kirsten's alter-ego today's clean okay
these next things are horrified and it's
a mixture of two things I hate number
one space map I hate them I think they
feel gross fuck off
number two creepy maps that look like
other things so here we go
I have Tommy the face mask Oh alright
here we go
I mean it should be interesting I
already have the body of a part of it so
my drug is to say smack all right let's
see how realistic this shit is oh all
right oh my heat it oh my god okay I'm
not gonna look at it and put it on and
show you get first okay here we go
Oh
oh my god still killing it oh there's no
like a target oh I think it's old creep
to like this mean right here oh my god
no this is like a snapchat filter smell
oh it's gonna close up well let's turn
cute though oh my god oh I love it
she's part of my new brand hey guys I
don't know about you but I would come
every morning kiss my ass and lick my at
all gonna grab a nice little bowl of 15
so the mixture is 50 which is an acid
now good oh my lucky look Trish get into
this what waking up no night it's like
hey ah ah ah ah ah ah that is awful but
also my new look okay so I actually got
a couple genuine like real makeup items
that I wanted to try because I've seen
them on you do so much the first thing I
got was this see-through lipsticks that
is see-through but when you put it on
your lips in other color why is it so
crazy to me maybe I just don't know that
much about anything we're science
I don't understand how this works let's
get it out okay but here it is
look look bitch it's see-through it's
literally see through like what the fuck
oh my god there's a flower in it huh
see see that oh my god hmm I'm in a
blowtorch it I'm pretty sure in a
blowtorch in all right so now it's the
postally color on my lip
here we go what oh my god it works you
know why is this working and what is
just so weird it's see-through look it's
fucking see-through how does this work
Wow also killing it it's dead it's dead
I killed it okay so this is amazing and
then also I got one of those rainbow
highlighters everybody's been talking
about by the way they were talking about
it like two years ago
that's how late I am on trend but look
at this pull
it's a fucking rainbow bitch and I guess
you just like to dip like that I just
ruined it whatever and then I guess you
put it here like it just looks like I
got punched in it which will happen if I
leave the house like this
do we love it oh my god did we love it
oh my god I think we mother do we let it
hold on to me love it also goes to my
house stop clawing at the wall says they
love it wow this is great oh I got ready
in the morning place put on my clothes
look in the mirror ago alright yeah yeah
something wow this is great I love it
it's turned into a genuine makeup video
which is very strange so let's move on
okay so this is pubic hair wig welcome
to my life
oh yes this is an actual wait for your
pubic hair and it comes with stickers to
stick it on and this is the wig so I
don't know why any girl would want this
because I feel like most girls pay money
to take it off but I guess if you want
best Kubik hair and you don't have it
thank you goodbye America
okay so I have pubic hair I don't need
this so this has
I'll try it on and show you guys through
a result and so I've attached the
sticker to the back that's gonna fucking
hurt and let me just put this on my dick
okay so I don't even know how to show
you guys this because I don't actually
want to show my cube so there it is
there is my brand new pubic hair I love
it feels so real and I love the fact
that I could just whip it off what great
quality oh it's just pulling right apart
just like normal pubic hair yep that's
normal maybe it'll work on my chin I
love it I love their hold on me when I'm
leaving the house and I don't want to
get recognized yes I am stop 85 how did
you know you were thrown off by my
disguise all right I'm gonna fuck on
okay so these are clipping that light up
hold of it you're gonna die
but if it one on here one over here then
maybe one right here okay ready bitch
where's the party oh yeah where is the
party bitch I am the party look at that
look at that fucking shiny a squeeze it
actually kind of sucks like literally it
only works up here and then down here
just like it's um dead as growth white
hair that was a fail am I getting
prettier and prettier like I feel like
in this video like I'm loli but surely
becoming an icon and I'm here for it
alright last item this is this is a
traveling toilet for girl let me explain
so you know how it guys who take your
dick out T so this is for a girl if she
like candy that public was like in her
car broke down
she's a bathroom she doesn't want to
squat in a bush and get bit by a snake
although that sounds like everything so
she put this on her pussy and uses it as
a dick
fucking me so I can't really ride it to
surprise females I look I got a very
weird dick so I guess I'm just going to
be into it
no wait should I shit into it what what
all my body's like pussy here we go
alright so let me fill up my pussy with
15 hashtag applause wow I don't know
what I'm doing at this point it works I
guess
if my mouth was a pussy well then this
works I need to find somebody with an
actual pussy to try this out we'll do
that in the next video there's no
pussy's around me but I'll find one me
in high school
and that never happened alright let's go
that was me that's menu look I'm covered
in 50 I need to go home I'm already home
what do I do
hey guys if you like he's trying
girlfriends videos please give me a
thumbs up so I know all my videos every
fucking day and if you want to tell my
other trying girl product videos I'll
put a link to a playlist our top
description below at you little sexy
Queens I will see you guys good luck
hi sorry can we can just stole something
oh my god was that real is that real oh
my god
