half the guys yes I am back once again
with a bunch of stupid crap - it's not a
box
it just holds up youtuber vote no
kidding I know I am here with the stuff
I bought online let's test it out okay
so first I need to try vivid that was on
Amazon looking for literally just
batteries and for some reason in the
related section was a poodle mask and
not just any cute normal poodle mask a
huge fucking life-sized scary at poodle
head light very realistic I'm warning
you
this is triggering if you are terrified
a six-foot tall slightly overweight
poodles one - great yeah look at how big
I am ready to drop my turn on your lawn
Queen Oh scary but what's the point of
it putting this oh fucking terrifying
also like uh who would wanted
where's the point oh my god hi those are
some fucking and demon ass I bit look at
that shit she sees what you're doing
bitch whoever fucked her I don't know
why I did that
oh my God look how scary it is if you're
like rah my dog gonna see me naked
hey can you be the oh my god what is
that
alright that product senesce is
something I was so excited about but now
I can't even use them because look you
guys know my leg is fucked up she's back
at it again the good leg break so I
would have to have Ryland try this out
for me but these are called kangaroo
jumps which would have been perfect for
me considering I the pouch novel Akane
Routh is full of Kane Rita Kangra nachos
and a kegger Crunchwrap breeding with
cheese on the side anyway supposedly for
the moment and then she like jump
everywhere the box said the most
efficient form of exercise yet bitch
what alright let's put these on not me
because I'm all fucked up okay are you
ready for your kangaroo jump oh my gosh
that's the gayest you've ever looked I'm
just not actually
I'm just not really sure what the
purpose of jeans okay so you put them on
and then you jump around like a kangaroo
oh my god wait oh my god please all
those of us please don't break your
ankle bitch we cannot be playing aah I'm
scared
wait what oh my god we wait oh my god oh
my god oh my god no no no what so I
don't look at you guys the promo I says
you can I run jump oh gosh oh never mind
that's the gauge okay so maybe try to
run around the house you're like Joanna
scammer they kind of bit wow that's a
tall that bitch I would be like you're
like the worst drag queen ever she
forgot her wig yeah hi nice to meet you
I'm Shane I have a box of wigs well
bring it out all right which one do you
want you want to be purple you want to
be blonde you want to be red purple
obviously here's your purple oh you
should have a purse oh my god Hannah
Montana throwback oh is that the right
way and the shoulder what are you prefer
acting like you don't know my house
scared
no is done okay pretend like you just
saw something oh no oh my god was that
real is that real oh my god oh my god
the bill has arrived you leave me gone
yeah and are using fancy where I was
always you and dirty
Oh God thank God I'm rich
bye-bye I'm sorry he'll go home I'm so
excited because I got the dumbest thing
ever made this is AC nice that lights up
I am NOT going to make a legend
I've done it 2017 I've moved on but if I
was going to make a little bitch it
would be everything because my head is
litter they're going to be lit literally
gonna be lit literally I can't go home
I'm home and I'm on my couch okay so
here we go but hold on bitch ready you
wrestled it you're not ready it's a
party I'm just big on oh my god yeah Oh
what means the Christmas party being and
knowing it's stuff like oh here's one
there's more wall to lid I'm not going
to go Paul I'm just going to turn out
all the lights
okay there's more it also came with
light-up gloves a ride we go oh my god
she's here whoa oh my god Wow
oh my god oh my god this is fucking art
this is my new youtube intro Wow these
are so fucking stupid literally the most
pointless things in the whole world why
are these a thing oh my god wait they're
setting oh my god
are these new singers with color means
hungry whoo
whoa that's scary oh wow okay I have no
idea what to do with these so I'm just
going to sit here for like 35 minutes to
play by myself so I'm cooking everything
right up like these are a lot of fun but
if you wear these I hate you
anybody who would wear these are very
annoying and I don't like them and I
want them to die next one oh I got one
of these weird toys I think I've played
with this before but it was so scary
looking back how to get it again this is
called a finger Mealing I don't know
that means that just watch out fucking
scary this shit is ready for this
I am we are would you blowtorch treat
you that now it's not always like to
watch my videos this is what it look
like
hey guys yes he's gonna get up trying
Taco Bell Wow oh god I hate him me all
right let's go go for this my part she
went wet yeah bitch okay you ready
here we go one two three oh my God look
at him scream it's like he's in pain
oh I love it alright let's get right in
that mouth
oh my god oh shit terrified alright
you're done
time to go we look sleepy survived oh no
he's dead
well I hope he suffered okay so you know
how much I love my dancing cat speaker I
needed to get her a friend and I also
wanted to get something that looked like
my dog because then I could hold it hug
it play with it it would try to I think
I got a dancing golden retrievers
Descartes oh my gosh it's Ludo except
he's not running away I love this uh-oh
that's actually kind of fucking
terrifying
okay so now let's play some music
obviously youtuber music so I don't get
food and first up Trisha Paytas fat
chick yeah oh okay yeah oh my god okay
wait which one should we play back maybe
this bloodline let's do a little Santa
baby
this is not a dog this is a drunk uncle
at a wedding okay let's go mo rickey
dillion no I am too old to have all
these toys also that is their fighting
that look like a fucking scary poodle
monster reaching out to kill me if we
might have to blowtorch or two okay so
this next thing I got is so fucking
creepy and I don't know why any kid
would want this this is a Ken doll that
you can shave Linda Jie so he comes with
a full beard which is ironic because
he's already Barbie's beard bitch just
being truth when you can shave him and
give him whatever style you want and
these are the style vision people back
yeah only fun ten styles you want me a
fucking creepy pervert where he'll be
weird twelve pervert or just the worst
just literally the word and look at her
whispering to him she's like bitch you
look stop you got to shave that off
bitch because if I'm gonna leave you for
another doll I will leave you for a lot
bitch I'm skirt you know won't leave you
poor bitch alright let's open this up
okay so I guess you just dip this in
cold water and rub it on your face and
the hair will disappear all right here
we go
is it doing anything nothing happening
what the fuck why is nothing happening
are you fucking kidding me
also what I wish I'd look like
expectation reality wait was it looking
warm water beyond that right a hot water
it does work
ha oh my god is it working it's working
Wow cool huh Wow okay I kind of it
wait what if we just get the whole
fucking headed alright let's see what
happened oh why am I so impressed with
it ah wait
let's do the Nichole bottom now and see
if it all comes back one two three oh my
god
all right bull beard and gone oh my god
I would be playing with it you're
fucking Angela I'm like starting to fall
for him don't judge us love wonder it
gives pew we may be fun if they do that
like a little Easter egg like a kid if
you find it you're welcome
now whole bodies handle it that's not
over okay the next I have a couple
products that are currently no this is a
lion's mane and this is a diaper I
always wonder why my dog hates me
oh right oh no time for more torture oh
pretend that you love me just for a
second okay great okay so first we're
going to put you in this awesome
lion's mane oh my god oh my god that is
so cute I'll link on my little lion king
look at him look at him he hates it here
no baby look look baby oh no no no there
we go here we go look you're the king of
a jungle Hakuna Matata
what Alana
uh-oh oh my god look like I love you so
much oh you've never looked more like me
in your life yes that's not the
depresses I look okay so I was trying to
put a diaper on him and he was not
having it
so the diaper thing canceled all saw the
diaper came with this huge pad maybe
that's your problem
maybe you're just on your period or you
hate me oh my god muting the haters okay
this next one I'm very excited this is a
pucking of mermaid blanket that you can
put on be a mermaid
I think it's perfect if I can't walk
anyway oh my god how did you do to go
over so excited oh my god
I finally get to be a Disney Princess
although technically I'm kind of the
Beast and Mikey's a princess right what
is coumba okay here we go this is a
pretty honored Queen 20 purse I hate
this I thought only become a programmer
man wait I want to be where the people
are I wanna be where there is swimming
and fucking I want to be a part of what
I call it
oh yeah sad sad world
oh where they bite where they die up
where people are literally screaming for
their life
I feel great okay so the last thing is
really exciting and I'm so fucking mad I
can't use that these are called watering
and it is still that you can walk around
with I never say everything well excited
he is actually he looks miserable but
once again I cannot actually use these
fucked-up leg line was going to do it
and hopefully not die okay so next we
have these little still which by the way
what the fuck that's literally just
giving you two inches of height yeah
they need to be at least a year well hop
on we're sort of handlers might not be
adjusted for my height oh god oh my god
okay okay
okay this is just more ways to scare oh
no oh my god oh god oh god oh god wait
let me get a wide shot take you fall no
just in case just in case
easy balancing this is beauty because it
what if you fell and fell through that
fucking window
give me to be your skin avail okay we I
have an idea you know what really scared
one out oh no that's what
Oh God oh my god are you balling are ya
boy oh my god
we don't fucking do that what a queen no
literally wants to leave somebody
adopted thanks all right guys go that
was me playing which was a weird shit I
got online what a waste of money if you
enjoyed this being want more videos of
stuff I got online please give me a
thumbs up so on those also subscribe to
my channel right down below because I
make new videos every fucking day and if
you want to see my other videos to be
trying weird stuff I got online I think
I'd like three more I'll put a link to a
playlist right top inscription blue and
you guys I will see you middle nerving -
oh sorry
okay okay okay alright alright no let's
try it again I got a little scared but
we're back bitch we're back okay
whoo Peter don't kill me
