do we have beef no we didn't it wasn't
like crazy Twitter what happened I think
we were having an argument and then I
like called you out and then you're like
what you called me out I will know what
was it just what did I do wrong I hope
you have nothing you didn't you really
didn't do anything I think I was just
like on Twitter like sad and like bitter
and I just called you up down shades
back in it again with a microwave video
I don't know hey guys
yes I am back bitch and I am ready to
start a fire me when I'm like gay
arsonist yes I am here I have a bunch of
new items on top of my microwave and I'm
ready to see what you'll blow up and
what will glow up and I'll let you know
it's not really me that's right so I
have all these items we go crystal Hall
hall music however lies welcome back to
my microwave a lot of people say like
wait they're bad and that they send out
the radiation I love that supposedly the
radiation gives you boo
um freedom job maybe does the same thing
for your lip I haven't put my head in
there anyways let's get to the hall so
first I have a box of mints you need
them I'll grab a bunch of gum please
chew it but I have a hair straightener
because I thought it already burns my
fucking gross dead hair
maybe it'll burn in the microwave I
don't know something called the Orbeez I
don't know why but I love the shape that
they come in currently for me to sit on
oh my god it's amazing like sitting on
that and then squeezing all the organs
in your body is just like letting it
move around oh I've always wanted to
come at gumball machine oh my god combo
machine current loot aqua happy I don't
know what they are and I think there's
food closed down little dogs thing it's
like a tape dispenser I don't know I
thought and target in the sad old fat
lady section where I get all the clothes
but as opposed to use like this is
called
I don't know what it's called but it's
for losers and alpha bees dragon Yugi
legend unleashed
I have no idea oh my god last time the
guys had dragon unleashed the only thing
the cross fire with my pussy the next
day what I'm trying to say is I have got
areia next time
this is to the food Testament from the
back of native soil so that's going to
blow up and I also have these these are
policital
apple juices or something I don't know
it's food and they look like they're
made of metal so so it'll blow up now
that is something called a shop tin I
don't know what this is but I fucking
hate it and I want it to die
let's get cookin okay here we go where
should we start I'm going to start with
this box of onions because I mean that's
going to explode right first of all the
metal on the outside cuz I'm on the
inside
see the rocket flames will stop right
also why does it say uncle on the inside
does it taste like some gold because on
please Nana moaning OH
I chased a skinful okay well doesn't
matter okay here we go
oh my god I'm actually kind of nervous
about this book should I stand it up I
don't know okay Oh God hmm okay here we
go oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god why is nothing happening
why is nothing happening that should
blow up why are you not blowing up I bet
Mentos blow up yeah bitch I'm sorry to
war
sweet what the fuck is nothing happening
that's fake aluminum foil bitch is that
fake metal exposed come on do something
okay well that was a failure this is oh
it's smoking
ooh-hoo wait maybe it's actually melting
too inside hold on oh it's just melting
the mint bitch I'm trying to make them
blow up I'm not trying to make a
toothpaste back all right let's put the
gum in there maybe that'll do something
all right
please gum blow-up Oh God
come on come on why is nothing burning
okay don't fuck okay there is soil soil
is in soil flammable wise it's not
working what the fuck
okay this one has to work that is
literally a fucking ball of foil bitch
please blow up
fish what how is it up there
fuck okay I'm so confused
these items are all well they're all
fucking like it's been a scam okay okay
you know what we're going to get back to
all the other items but first just
because I need you can see something
fucking work bitch expect there's a good
old pop-tart
okay maybe if I wrap the fucking outside
boxing foil it'll blow up but these
things are bad idea all of these things
are gonna kill someone
alright here we go yeah God it never
gets old but nothing else in the fucking
box he is fine uh let's get rid of her
fucking lying a scheming bitch and let's
fucking put in this stupid dog now if
she doesn't blow up I don't trust Target
okay well okay okay all right all right
no let's try it again I got a little
scared but we're back bitch we're back
okay whoo PETA
don't kill me oh my god oh wow oh my god
fucking a super dog bitch wow that was
everything is that it sounds like is
that all you got
oh my god wait look at that can you see
that literally shattered the bitch and
I'm allowed to call her bitch she is
female dogs get on my level Wow
okay so I didn't burn her but it likes
gave her this interesting skin this dry
gross crumbly skin who is she me okay I
think okay I know we're gonna do we're
going to fill her back with flammable
objects and turn this into like some
kinda scary ass dog fire oh my god me
when I'm starting a doll controversy
just call a doctor okay so let's just
fill her back with a pop tart wrapper
and you know what let's get her on top
of a Dorito bag
oh yeah now it's a party bye
what what the fuck that was very
anti-climatic dog he's protesting he
thought dogs purpose alright we're going
to move on from you okay so I literally
have no idea what this is yugioh trading
cards I feel like I've heard that name
before
mainly people are yelling it at me in
school so that was in middle school
usually they say you go all means fat
dragon salmon oh I love trading cards
okay let's put in my way all right here
we go oh my god how amazing would it be
at these blue up I'm like it's a dragon
and it's on fire Oh bitch lord of rings
ooh
come on oh that's it that's all you got
you real you'ii go home alright well
let's start one of these in here this is
some other fucking thing that I got in
the nerd section I can say that I used
to be one all right here we go bye whoa
whoa okay well that's on fire oh that's
on fire oh god oh okay bad this is
really bad um alright hungry and I could
start off my day with a nice cooked meal
usually a ukyo action figures some kind
of stupid princess bitch oh no that was
bad that absolutely Bernama house
because there was a flame and if I would
have poured water on its left you to
myself wow I really should stop when it
long neck side up okay so this is a
shopkin I mean no idea what the fuck
that means what it is huh bitch it's a
flashlight we got flash the haters what
is that first of all actually literally
everything about this is not me if this
was me it would be very empty squished
out very dry so I have no fucking idea
why anybody would want to hang this from
their kitties also what is spk I love
second penises in the kitchen stupid
pretty kids sexy people kissing's
actually no I hate that it makes me
depressed okay so I'm going to put it in
with the wrapping because I think that's
foil maybe I'll put it on top all I know
is there's a flashlight in here and I
feel like that'll light up you know what
that means this video is going to be I'm
not going to say it alright here we go
one two three
whoo whoo whoo okay now some fire wait
but the plaster I didn't do anything
bitch you're supposed to keep this party
lit and all you did was make a smoky
fuck cool opening doors over the window
the only time I ever feel fresh air is
when I'm letting my husband fire other
than that I just don't open anything
okay let's just put this in by itself
and see what happened maybe I should
leave it on okay one two three come on
bitch do something
come on don't be a flop oh I saw the
spark oh it's smoking huh something's
happening oh is it on fire no it's
really smoking whoa oh fuck oh yeah oh
fuck whoo ha I can't imagine what's
going to happen in ten years when I have
like some crazy lung disease the doctors
like you smoke and I'm like not exactly
well then why are your lungs black Wow I
need this thing on the Internet's kind
of confusing to explain but when I clip
things in the microwave and watch it
blow up
I'll literally go home and never leave
okay so let's see what it did
all I see like a flashlight is actually
melted through also it burned his little
ass now it's me next item okay I want to
put this entire thing of tex-mex in here
but I also just want to eat it and I
don't know what the pieces are but bitch
fuck me up they say everything's bigger
in Texas hopefully so where the flame 1
2 3 oh my god whoo whoo okay
don't stop okay wait let's flip her over
okay there we go come on oh come on why
are none of you guys like pop-tart
pop-tart kills it y'all are flat part
all right fuck this I would throw you
away but imma fuck with those two pieces
later all right let's do these fucking
Orbeez so I still don't know what more
these are I've seen a lot of people make
videos with them I don't get it they're
like little balls of water I think they
look fucking creepy they feel amazing oh
I get it
Wow oh my god this feels like a bunch of
weird dead babies like before their
babies like not preemie but like pre
preemie but like not calm like after
that like like you know what people say
in the comments like oh my god I'm so
early that I was your portioning was bah
like this is if you're so early that I'm
not even buying and I'm not straight I'm
not even a human yet they terminal would
be that's how early your coveted alright
so let's just put these all in a little
plate oh my god or don't you I just want
to eat it become one Pig or D wait
should we try to eat it
hold on see what it tastes like wait
sorry goose choking hazard keep it I've
never had to deal with that please use
discretion not going to do that do not
eat great so fuck who go back to the
doctor hey it's me Shane the guy with
the weird lungs yeah so I'm feeling like
I'm poisoned weird what did you eat you
know those toys for bees I hey what's up
you ate its toys yeah
okay all right here we go let's make
some or be magic
oh wow those are so beautiful oh my god
what's happening I hear noises oh boy
here pops
Wow this is like a fucking National
Geographic video this is like some
fucking undersea shit like Ursula's
pussy is popping up in here
whoa our Zilla calm down Quinn oh yeah
bitch
Oh what poppin queen nah Oh basil fire
whoo okay so only a couple then blew up
so I think what we should do is just put
in like a few so I'm just gonna put in
like three also I clearly cannot get all
right
come on also me when I'm hanging out
with my friends well guys I'm having so
much fun hanging out yeah this is great
no no I'm having a lot of fun too you
guys want to go yeah let's call each
other what would that nothing mean is it
Starbucks okay are we really going to
Starbucks Tiffany no no we're not
okay nothing is happening so fuck how do
they tease me with those explosion pitch
yeah okay I just got a really stupid
idea what if we blow up a balloon and
put it in there who you thought I was
lying when I told you that's how I do it
no that's how I do it here we go okay Oh
God huh one two three oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god I hate the sound of
balloons popping oh my god oh my god
also that looks like a huge titty oh and
she has been through a lot
she has breastfed ten children why is
nothing happening why is nothing
happening why are all of these not
working that looks so much like a titty
I can't
are you fucking kidding me right now
bitch okay do we have to put in mr. pop
start with you I think we do why does
mr. pop-tart have to do everything here
we go
whoo oh my god what a fucking survivor
she just stood up to mr. pop-tart this
bitch deserves a medal whoo I'm afraid
to touch her though okay hold on oh my
god I hate my balloons pop so much holy
fuck
get out bullshit whoo bitch she suck she
has burn mark she has war wounds oh my
god I'm with her oh you know we should
do let's just put a match to this bitch
all right Queen let's see if you stand
up to do that was a genuine degree by
the way that was very real Who am I
heart of most cardio activity I've
gotten in a long time all right time to
do something really dangerous bye guys
all right here we go poof okay one two
three
oh my god okay sorry I got scared I got
scared
whoo-whoo okay I'm real good okay okay
we got this we got this we got this
whoa whoa oh that's bad that's bad
okay that's bad but I want to keep going
okay okay no no yes yes no I don't know
I don't know I don't know fuck or B what
do you guys do I don't know I'm still at
Starbucks have you guys be my friends
okay one more time oh my god
whoo whoo Wow is that it is that for
real that's it that's fucking it are you
fucking kidding me that's it I have seen
more smoke on a straighter when I was
doing my hair in 2008 we need a grand
finale that smells like a fart my papa's
ha ha all right friggin alagar oh oh
that's home do you smell that it's
dinner what do you think it is she's not
doing that doesn't it smell like a fart
no it smells like Lazarus you're like
this can it cause cancer well we'll die
together okay because a lot of these
items will ops have an idea I originally
for the blows working video was going to
blow torch this pool for Barbie I have a
couple of RVs in there and then like
light them up
and then I didn't because I thought I
was dangerous that would actually kill
me but okay let's do it
so we're know is outside maybe we should
have a whole family involved you know
dad come watch me light some shit on
fire summer bud okay
first of all this is your idea no but
yes it was when I bought this I was like
I don't know how I would like this on
fire like what am i doing you're like
fill it with lighter fluid okay it was
okay so here we go I'm kind of nervous
like I don't really know how bad this is
going to be but let's do it right next
to our dog okay so I guess we should
watch it's like oh I don't know I'm just
trying to get the party ready should I
fill it or no that will explode right I
mean taking a bath and lighter fluid
sounds ideal
I mean honestly current mood always you
want to do the honors oh yeah uno is
still so confused and scared of my pool
toys if that's scary then this is really
good to scare you
all right here we go one two three
what the fuck how does it not catch on
fire that's all lighter fluid oh my god
I think we're getting that we're gaining
traction this is ridiculous that's it
that's it
fuck let's just throw some other things
in there maybe a paper plate oh I see
smoke I see some oh no we're in business
this is working oh my god Wow now just
look like that a cool hip smoking party
how do you plan on hiring us out
nope not like bowling class oh but
they're not burning it's just a fucking
paper
oh now Ken's going down oh yeah bitch
it's just making you more attractive it
looks like tattoos okay all right we're
getting somewhere
okay it's happening Barbies pussys on
fire that's a good sign oh this is so
relaxing all the fumes all the toxic
fumes oh here we go now it's fucking lit
yeah it's what no I'll go home I'll go
home
whoa oh my God look at that party oh wow
this is beautiful she still looks good
though she's still killing it his face
is on fire now uh-uh the pool is now
going to oh my God look at her still
killing it Oh relationships are hard
oh my God look at him go oh he just gave
up he's just eating fire bitch oh look
at the pool oh wow Oh what's happening
her head oh she's dead oh she does she's
decapitate her head so it's good food
it's melting well yeah the fire go home
look how pretty she is though oh my God
look at her though what a fuckin
survivor Harry missed balloon killing it
I kind of want to put it out because I
kind of want her to survive put it up
let's get that cup of water we're gonna
save you bro
whoa it works look look at her oh my god
from the ashes she rises Wow and the
palm tree survived if that's not an
Instagram picture that will go viral I
don't know what is la life it's good
moving back home from Hollywood like
that's beautiful Oh
another microwaving video / bonfire
video and it's another day that I
survived how I don't know all right you
guys make sure to give this video a
thumbs up it's one more microwaving
videos also we hit the comments down
below letting me know what I should try
to microwave also subscribe my channel
down below because I've been good videos
favorites update and if you want to see
my other microwave videos just like 4 of
them I will put a link to a playlist at
the top of the description but alright
cheese little burns Barbies and we'll
see you tomorrow sorry this just dripped
on me that straight up man is that's
disgusting nah got it
