guys it's a special podcast with he's
busy and doing Gardner was incredible we
talked to deep fizzy about his alive
resulted you to drama the beef that I've
had with him it was incredible
and until inside his new song sign
language which is literally one of my
favorite songs ever I was so excited
give us five seconds of it go right on
there's a lynx outside of complicated
press check it out now hey guys oh my
god okay
I don't know how to feel right now I
don't know how to deal right now like
remember what about the youtubers made
like videos right after the election and
they were like crying hyperventilating
and they were like how is this happening
this is like my version of that like how
is that um president that's crazy
all right Taco Bell think of something
so fucked up
that's crazier this ain't even Trump's
America anymore bitch it's Taco Bell do
you think the whole probe's Mexican food
do you think he eats Wendy's cuz I swear
to god I'll protest Arby's bitch of all
the fucked up shit he is said if he ever
is like doing news conferences like
people of America yes yes yes there's a
lot here that we need to change there's
a lot of things that I hate but one
thing I don't hate is the new curly fry
burger and Arby's fixed word of god
bitch I will be jumping over that
fucking wall okay but away from the
public because I don't know anything
about and die for something I know a lot
about today we're gonna be talking about
a new Taco Bell concoction no no this is
not sponsored by Taco Bell I am going to
give my honest opinion I do not know how
I'm going to feel I am very conflicted
but you guys are going to be with me on
this journey and I'm scared okay here we
go I have to bag
I have not looked inside of it I hope
they got the website I probably should
have check back but I have not seen the
actual taco yet so for those of you
don't know this is like a huge thing
talk about doing and it's kind of gone
viral because it's so fucking weird
but basically it's a chalupa but the
shell is fries chicken
what like talk about listen you know
you know you could never do anything
that would make me leave but like this
could cause me to take a mortgage and I
don't worry I'm not going to go fuck del
Taco she's not worth it but this is
making me question our relationship but
let's give it a chance maybe it's good
oh my god okay here we go
so let's do let's do like a whole
unboxing guru music hey everyone its fat
growth fuck age five here and I am here
with the brand new taco from Taco Bell
so as you can see this beautiful
wrapping says naked chicken which is
literally my body times just a raw
fucking naked growth chicken flapping
around shove a baster in it Philip
butter me and then as you can see when
we stretch out open it up it smells whoo
that's giving me KFC bathroom somebody
actually exploded their ass
realness if the kernel was still alive
and fart is dissipated okay so let's
just take this out of the wrapper and
see what it looks like do we need to
stop this what oh okay okay I don't know
if you guys can I mean oh my god let me
give you a close-up this that's a oh
that's nugget that's a nugget that has
been folded
let me nugget that has been dragged
bitch she has been dragged for her life
and now she's been filled okay all right
I don't I don't I yeah okay first let's
smell it I like it I like it
oh no I know I see an old computer it
smells like I mean it smells like a
nugget and you know how much I love
nugget like I talk a lot of shit about
McDonald's like I really do tend to go
in on the bitch what I do love her she's
like that cousin you have that growth
and like we all know she should die we
all know it is just a matter of time
when we see her walking to the family
reunion we're like here how would she
not drop dead yet but I still have love
and this smells like saying that would
crawl out of her body
oh my god the winds dripping all over my
leg what
that this just dripped on me that
straight up man is that's disgusting
look okay here we go I'm going to go in
for the first buy it I'm nervous I'm
excited what if this is like when you
sing oh god it'll not because then I
would need new clothes and new furniture
possibly made out of steel all right
here we go
I am I need at any time I need a minute
it's not bad it's weird
let me explain so it just tastes like
the inside of a fried chicken sandwich
from McDonald's and they just like took
that and folded it like it kind of is
like a bunless chicken sandwich it I
guess is the point but also I feel like
a taco should have like crunch in this
does it kind of like if you were on a
low-carb diet and you're also stupid
you're like going really put that fried
chicken sandwich so I can have some fun
so then you just ate the fried chicken
you're like that's healthy like that's
what this tastes like
but it's not bad like I'm not hating on
it I'm questioning her she said that let
me give you I need to give you guys like
a full real close up in this bitch okay
everyone here is a close-up of the
brand-new really weird fried chicken
taco thing so as you can see that's a
lot like if you're trying to like really
suck up your toilet you're about to so
let's investigate so we have the fried
chicken shell and then oh my god
fucking a rainbow food fucking Instagram
famous bitch I mean look at those colors
killing you Taco Bell so then when you
actually look it's just sauce lettuce
cheese and tomatoes and that's it I'm
very confused my suggestion would be
like if you're in some tortilla strips
or some kind of crunch in the center but
I'm still gonna eat both of them once
this camera turns off by okay so that
was the close-up hopefully you enjoy
that well no this is weird listen you
know I will talk about I
talk about mercial I have been talked
about that before or no wait no I
haven't I've been wanting to be
sponsored by the before bit Scala bitch
so I'm not a hater at all little
confused I don't know how I feel I'm a
little conflicted I think I need to eat
six more like just to figure it out also
before we have this video because it
really doesn't shave video like here's a
taco
bye guys I got some more stuff and talk
about that I had no idea they made okay
so this is a breakfast flatbread
quesadillas sausage something so as you
can see it looks like this and then when
you open it it has a lot of breakfast
shit inside I don't know I'm a little
like on the fence about Pachelbel's
breakfast situation my cup about is
something I have really late at night
like where I'm not even myself anymore I
don't even let me take your dog because
bijlee's it so Mike a breakfast
situation would not be ideal for me
because when I wake up the morning I'm
going to be super healthy and I try to
be like you know what all I'm gonna have
is one egg white and a sip of water cuz
it midnight worm like bitch where's your
dog and I fried her so maybe this was
served at night actually it might be I
don't fucking know I'm not the spoke
bitch I let's try her for flip over
front house okay I mean I could fuck
with that but I also have fuck with a
cat before
Peter come for me bitch I saw that cat
walking down the street and I was like
that's my next meal okay okay I did not
eat cat there's not much meat on their
bones
you know I mean I'm kidding I look at I
love animals let's see remember that
relative are my earlier if you want to
she is in the morning she's a dog she is
in line she's delivered to ours she
knows they were in attendance
she's honking she sees the employee pull
up into the driveway she's like Anton I
see you bitch better open that door
and then the employees like sorry Dan
we're not open oh you're not okay that's
funny because it okay I'm 59 okay you
got a minute bitch alright so then the
employee runs in opens everything up and
then the employees like and what are you
gonna do now and then she's like bitch
my relative Shane who is only one-third
of my size eats dogs with idiots hungry
what does well do you think I see yeah
she gets a lot of spit her food
next item okay so this comes in a
fucking flop like who is she peeps a
house don't come for her you know I'm a
pizza Graham
you know I'm huh Queen and all the
Domino ho doesn't income for me and if
you like Little Caesar this why shall we
somebody like Little Caesar only okay
here we go this is called a double Delia
double diya I don't know Spanish
wait look a lot of it this is confusing
it's very sick I'm assuming it's a
quesadilla but why is it so bad oh you
hear that that was a horse whinny that
was if I was a horse and some bits soul
at me on the app and I was like oh yeah
I just realized I can't do it I'll take
the pig squeals we're good at that oh my
God look how huge this is
look at that oh holy shit that's human
oh my god so excited okay let's open her
up
what is she I don't get it oh it's the
quesadilla with just a bunch of shit
inside I go meat cheese something else I
don't know whatever it is it's a lot get
a giant oh my god oh my god why is Ã¡not
heard of this type of all throw this
bitch out you really get her more shine
I have not heard of a double D less
comfy Lea campus Adelia I don't know
I've not heard of her
none of us heard of her nobody talking
about her she's up hitting everybody
love this bitch this bitch is not
killing it she's fine she came to the
party she was dressed she wasn't enough
but she was irrelevant she went home
then threw the party work her house now
she's walking around naked because she
could still talk and her party hasn't
even lipid and she has the grill marks
to prove it I know this is actually
credible good thank you talk about thank
you everybody
oh my gosh I'm so honored the point I
feel like is this is one of the awards
okay so last thing we're going to try is
this because I just thought it was funny
I was like other than you and they have
something okay Mia Latin write this word
Taco Bell premium like listen the food
is good for people like me fuck the
premium okay let's see what this looks
like let's see
Premium she is premium premium that
premium that isn't even opal band that
can true and I don't even know her
because she died before I was born
this just isn't I mean I got a bad batch
oh this is donker look like I'm not
expecting this to be good Taco Bell
throw her out get rid of her
she's been canceled quickly show that
was he trying the fried chicken taco I
think this one's called I don't know and
also a bunch of other things I've ever
talked about that was exciting I feel
good hi guys I'm gonna go hopefully
enjoy watching me eat because I enjoyed
it make sure to give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe assuming the videos
okay and you can watch see more videos
with me try and crazy like Taco Bell
added two more on world or weird food
items open the link to a playlist or
cowbird scription book ah you little
brat chicken pebbles I will see you I'm
kidding you're double dia I swear I'm
literally doing all the same things that
somebody probably did when they let
stepped on the moon for the first time
but it's just real life where am I how
is science doing this like bitch I just
discovered a whole new world
where's my flag I want to put my shame
flag in this Big Macs
