how do the guys okay I have this idea
which honestly is never a good thing
last time I had a good idea I ended up
looking like this without talk about her
anyways today's idea was okay I did a
video like two weeks ago where I took
that taste trippin toe and I tried like
lemons and peppers and my random shit
and it made everything taste different
than it was supposed to because that's
what a stripping pill is also I saw all
the comments that you guys left I know I
fucked up that's not a hot pepper it's
bell pepper and white in case you don't
believe me do I need to show you this
picture again cuz that's a white hat
bitch but today I thought it will be
crazy if I did fast food so big way
crazy I went to every fast-food
restaurant in my vicinity and I got
everything is good I also got things
that I do not like because I'm hoping
that if I try them with the taste too
it'll make them good and there's one
minute subway mister our dates have been
invited to the party also I got a few
pieces we're set on eleven currently
okay so I put the filament a low it's
dissolved my taste buds are fuck let's
do this oh my god okay which I do it I
feel like I should start with something
I like like a Big Mac let me just take
my stuff McDonald cousin a half that's
embarrassing
rock back download app oh my god a
dating app for fast food people but you
know what I'm going to do I say an
Arby's logo and your profile picture
okay here we go here on my Big Mac oh so
excited so without the pill a Big Mac is
on everything so I feel like with the
pill it'll be even
if the pill turns biting sweet is
sleeping spicy this should be like
actually has no idea I'm not a scientist
I just see food all right here we go oh
my god whoa I'm literally doing all the
same things that somebody probably did
when they like steps on the moon for the
first time oh it's just real life where
am I how is science doing this like
bitch I just discovered a whole new
world
where's my flag I want to put my same
flag in this Big Mac this is insane it
is like a birthday cake like if you took
out birthday cakes with onions in it I
know that sounds gross but if you're
like me and your growth
it just sounds relatable no this is so
good it's like sweet it's like Salty's
this is insane this pill is when you
fuck up my diet because now like that I
can experience food for the first time
again I'm going to eat the whole world
like you know how orange you get when
you're like old and you try to reboot
the world what is somebody give you a
pill that your bitch top this pill and
then everything will do snoo I'm
literally going to have my head down on
a buffet table like on a tray I'm going
to go home and my mouth will give ya
just swallowing all the food this is
incredible but I also got something for
my songs I do not like another fish
filet I'm hoping that maybe this will
change her like maybe the pill will make
her good that look so fake look at this
look at this that's crazy right like
that does not look like a real what is
that the smells it hit me ah this is
this is not going to be good I don't
care how many pills I take this is gonna
be gross also why pinches a lot you hear
that all right here we go whoa I don't I
can't even imagine my faces right now
like I don't even want to use the word
shook like that word is dead I want to
find a new word I feel like let's start
rattled because bitch this bitch ever
tells me battles take place we fish
mixed with it's like sweet cheese it's
very confusing
I do not taste the pickles thank God I
mean the bond is still gross like the
bond is still
the opposite of killing it the thought
is very much alive the bond has just
been born bitch which is not a
compliment
being born is the worst thing that can
happen to you like remember charge
increases like time before everybody's
born you're up in heaven and you're
chilling wind Jesus and then an angel
comes over and goes Shane come here I
have a body for you bitch what you're
gonna put me in that fucking pack of
skin with hair when I'm up here chilling
the Christ we're up here fucking like
Josh yes fucking spying on everybody
fucking binocular look this way zooming
in on their windows doing whatever the
fuck we want and are gonna put me in a
spat buddy
Antonio just let me be dead anyways this
is good thanks all right I know you guys
want me to do it I know this is like the
shit that you guys want but like it'll
never fail it'll always crash and that
is hash anchovies I do not like them I
do not trust them if they came at me
with a brand do you know what I do I
take it you know why I take it because
nobody else want to sponsor me hi
audible where you ask so I'm going to
try to give him a try I have tried
before and I need not trust him still
looks like a penis all right here we go
I want to start with what the fuck is
this it's just a hotdog
Oh God all right okay oh I don't care if
you like this I don't care this is your
favorite fucking sandwich I don't care
if when I pull this now it doesn't like
me make it stop make it stop bitch this
looks like a turd wearing slinky I have
had people come up to me in real life to
go um I was a fan and then I saw your RV
city and I can't watch you anymore
because hashtag RVs but you know what
I have my tea spell maybe it'll make
things better maybe it'll make our
because if that happens these pills need
to become the most famous pills in the
world because I would use those hills
more than I use diarrhea pills and
that's daily all right here we go I'm
going to buy into this fucking this turd
of a sandwich oh okay here we go
I can affect everything I just said
about her yes from the outside she looks
like a turd but on the inside she tastes
like magic
the texture is turned like when it's in
my mouth it actually feels like the
grossest thing that's ever been in my
mouth and I just suck on my cat's tail
and returned it was a dick don't you
know she liked it but this is actually
not bad if he's good this is very
confusing for me this would be like if
you want your whole life being like I'm
gay and then you taste the duplicity
which is very similar and you're like ah
this is looking bomb very confusing cuz
bitch is this pussy ball all right what
else we get from here boom we got knees
these are like real jalapeno poppers so
this should be spicy but less deep it is
sorry oh it's not bad as fucking it
change the flavor a lot is not spicy is
overly bleep the point where it's easy
because there's cream cheese and
volcanoes closely with detailed cream
cheese tastes like cheesecake and
jalapeno seats like candy so this is too
thick the Cheesecake Factory service
also the gardener's shot here think he
forgot
interrupting my video that's nice I'm
currently working he looks in my window
is these people take 800 bags of food
I'm busy
who is there oh god I don't know how to
describe this other than but this is the
beach I can't stop moving of it this is
what is wrong with our world terrorism
sexism music sales being low all of
those things are bad and they're all
true this beats all of them and how
fucked up it is once again I've said
this before but if I ran for president
first order of business throw these over
the wall actually no don't do that
because the people in Mexico with CDs if
you like this I'm going to trek back
alright here we go
Oh God
Oh pussy long Oh pussy strong to be
strong but I don't want it oh my god
alright here we go oh my god this I'm
not as rattled
I am convulsing bitch I'm such a bitch
I'm in a car crash I once I decide I'm
hitting the window the windshield the
back window I am fucking insane right
now at how I ran this literally tastes
like candy it tastes like a weird big
piece of candy this is incredible
I'm very confused let's move on okay
this one very curious about because I
try like a piece of microwavable piece
of last time but I wanted to get like
real pizza now that that's what this is
this is actually I have no idea what
they see how do they even sell this this
is like in a zombie movie when like the
first victim like pops up and the
doctors like bitch I don't know what
this is but it's not human is it he's
like oh you know what nevermind
assistant 7-eleven pizzas now we're fine
continue on with life although anybody
that would eat those is a zombie yeah I
mean like what person buys that goes ah
it's my lunch break 7-eleven that hurts
me to be shaman it Oh from the king of
bran deal okay let's see not even that
pill that miracle pill it could fix this
is like extra sweet ah okay Kazuto do
you want those he doesn't even want it
he just gave me the same face he gives
me when he catches me dancing naked too
closer listen I don't even like that
problem when that becomes junk pounce on
some stuff I can't then you better bet
my fat rattled alright next move all
right here we go we're fucking doing
this I do not want to do this why would
you get her chance once again no way and
we are starting with tuna and look how
they wrote her name on there like my
name is tuna which honestly I look more
like a trout all right here we go let's
bind to this whole sandwich
the students just be called Shane's
never ever going to get sponsored again
um oh no oh my girl this smell I just
want to fart just like it rid of this
smell just just just yo ah ah maybe I'm
the problem maybe this is amazing though
yeah the closer got him like dope is not
as gross alright let's do this let's buy
into this tuna sandwich that's
disgusting
I have no words I only have sounds and
they're all going on very deep inside of
my stomach I can literally hear oh my
god no coming from my inside like they
see the tuna coming down and are like oh
my god talk about how you doing a lot
okay Torito how you do a recess Oh Robin
and then spoon to start sliding down the
shaft and they're like oh we didn't
violin party get out get out
and then well after this video is over
I'll be letting them out back with a
little bit of their friends left
oh no that's gross not even smoking
helped out I have another Subway
sandwich but I don't do it I don't I'm
not going to do it why like they're
already leaving the party do you know
what I mean like that would be like
throwing in some annoying us that drunk
bitch who does karaoke on them like they
already have tuned up they don't need
BLT if I did go by and she starts
rushing down and they're like somebody
else is coming oh my god she wants to do
hello buy it out I promise I'm really it
for let me sing yeah I know her and I
don't talk to her
next food okay this next thing that I
got is a sweet thing so I'm hoping it
tastes spicy I don't know
I got a Pokemon go Frappuccino that's a
thing also you're probably wondering
machine
it's already half drinking I might have
tried it already enough well it was very
good I'm always late to every trend like
Pokemon go I still haven't downloaded it
but I'll probably get really into it
next year I'll be like I found a
squirtle one you'll be like I found a
loser
and this big but I heard that they had a
Pokemon go Frappuccino and I was like
I'm going to put him on to go to
Starbucks I'll go home I also love that
when they wrote it on the side I said go
with an exclamation mark I just picture
the sad person at Starbucks who hates
making these and she's like go
exclamation marks fucking piece of shit
loser I'll give a try I got a fucking
I'll go home I hole that is crazy
because okay the pills make sweet things
really sweet to a point where it's like
you're at Yogurtland and you're like I
get a stable cough and that this is like
si we're out so then you say oh it's
okay don't worry about it
I'll just use God sample cup and then
you walk over the machine it's like that
sweet but not a satisfying the safety
employee makes it yogurt man when you do
that it feels good that's insane I need
something gross or something else to
balance that out where's my subway all
right that's good okay this is exciting
because I feel it can't see the foreign
after you not I mean
actually no he's very rich very
successful insid where's the Hamburglar
so that's my before that strip Hana
Kenzie's interesting because it's very
salty if they're saying Brie I feel like
a pill is going to make it like crazy
and I'm labeled I love that they give
these little like reusable dishes I just
think it's cute I mean these are perfect
for ranch and that's it okay let's try
the macaroni cheese I was going to get a
spoon and then I said hi I'm Shane that
is
we're what oh I don't know if the pill
is wearing off or or what's happening
but this tastes like ice cream but like
cheese ice cream which all these fancy
at iTunes links that are popping up
everywhere it's like we want to through
it that we're cuz I play this okay if
you look at that avvocato ice cream in
our two knives who fuck you nobody wants
that we want consistent cream we want
five
we don't want change and then all the
Instagram dishes are in line it like
something I can't wait to get a picture
as me with my avocado cone that's good
if I can get 70 like you know what's
going to get somebody like bitch your
funeral times on Facebook where your mom
said my daughter died of food poisoning
because she ate avvocato ice cream I
don't bitch and yep a bitch like like
like and the Facebook has those new
emoji things but you know how many faces
you're gonna get and how many oh thank
god faces you're gonna get you dead
bitch no I'm just kidding I know that
Lucia if she's not realized to turn her
up in my mind why am I so happy that you
get next boobs aren't really let's do a
piece of their chicken to think that'll
taste like really crazy oh my god
it is like chicken that has been covered
in like golden Oreos that's an idea
KFC write that down that's like sweet
and crunchy Oh fucking bomb fuck kind of
shit you know great this will be about
time like if I got high which I don't do
I wish I could take it to parents and
then I took a magic pill bitch roll me
home here I mean I would blow up I would
not just be rattled bitch I would be
blow bitch I'm blown and show and I need
to be popped next food I'm gonna pop
another pill really quick okay I'm going
to take a quick little pill alright just
going to let this dissolve okay the
pills dissolving and ready my last meal
is just a classic a nice way to end my
day well a nice way to end a lot of
things in my life
sadness stress anxiety pretty much any
time I have some kind of a problem I say
hi Taco Bell and they say hi we're open
late we know that when the problems come
yes taco bahlika first year when you try
the nachos because they're not
your vomit stop anyways but can you
imagine with this magic pelvic here we
go let's get a little Scooby scoop stop
everybody stop stop what you're doing
stop go online get these magic pills
hashtag us cops give these talk about
nachos and fuck it up
this is raising its pace I just found
the meaning of life it's not happiness
it's not excuse about family it's not it
dissolves with magical oh my god this is
making everything make sense like I get
it now I get the world
I get where babies come from I get the
Big Bang Theory I get evolution I get it
all bench 1x2 these and I know why we're
here to eat holy shit this is incredible
I don't even have words I always say
that and then I talk to like 20 minutes
late I'm speechless
remember just word diarrhea this is so
long this is amazing what else that I
get to talk about
I doubt that spicy during a local taco
so if it's spicy then that means the
pill should make it sweet
this is crazy where I believe in
everything now aliens magic goes I mean
I already believe in those things before
because that's crazy but now I'm like no
they're real for sure I'm not just crazy
this is insane guys please do yourself a
favor play this game be like hey mom can
I go on Amazon I get these reigneth
pills and then your mom will be like
that's happened to me I just assumed
that's what your life like why else
would you be watching my videos so then
you want to Amazon and you find them
because you need them now and then you
say mom you were like five different
drive-throughs and she goes just a cycle
so then he leave take her car and her
wallet and then you get all food you
come back home and you're like mom you
wanna have fun with me and he's crazy
build your mom's like yeah yeah and then
you got deep pills together as well she
doesn't get high so she gets very angry
in Thailand she jumps into her car
driving up cliff but you have all your
food and then you played this fun game
with your friend your snapchatting each
other there's puppy filters and you're
like this is crazy Shane thanks for
telling us about it and I say don't
worry that's not your boy and that's the
meaning of life thanks for watching bye
let's go that was me trying fast food
with my weird crazy what is it called
miracle pills magic pills
I remember let me know down the comments
you want me to do another one of these
videos because I really like eating and
let me know what kind of who is I should
do like should I do dessert that would
be weird right because if I tasted like
face cream would it tastes like sour
this could be a series all right guys
I'm going to go make this video thought
about that you want more miracle berry
videos inside my channel down below
epidemic videos every day if you want to
see my other miracle pill video I'll put
a link by the top description below
magical miracle berries I'll see you
tomorrow stay sweet hey that is a lot ok
goodbye
so stalkers have been around forever I
mean basically anytime there's somebody
that's so upset another person whether
they love them or hate them they are
going to want to follow them every week
