hey guys yes today we're going to be
doing another creepy video and today we
are going to be talking about stalkers
so stalkers have been around forever
I mean basically anytime there's
somebody that so upset another person
whether they love them or hate them they
are going to want to follow them
everyone I mean there's been stories of
stalkers from back in the biblical times
and the mysteries of stalkers now there
are tons of stalker cases and these are
just a few of the scariest okay so first
I'm going to show you a video now this
video I'm warning you is so
uncomfortable to watch okay so here's a
little backstory a guy in a couple of
these friends where I was filming a
video project for school they were
standing by train tracks and while they
were filming they noted two masked
people standing on the other side of the
tracks now it seemed to be a bullying
and the girl both wearing masks just
standing there just feeling it so the
guy and his friends were like it's good
to fuck out of here they thought we do a
prank or something but they just want to
be safe but when they left the people in
masks song and as part to the story that
I will just show you this video first
check it out
No
I know fucking creepy fuck
so when the guys only call the police
and they investigated if it couldn't
find people so the police watch the
video guy just shows you guys I notice
something is very scary if you slow it
down and zoom in you can see that the
two masked people are holding guns just
check it out right here yeah not only
were they wearing fucking mask but they
were holding guns if that's not a
fucking scary movie I relatives well
obviously the police did a lot of
investigating and then the two people
under the turning themselves in and
saying it was just a prank
but wasn't now this mixed soccer story
is very famous so a lot of you guys
might already know it I had not been
before I saw it fucked me up I thought
it was a 100% fake I was like there is
no way this is real the guy telling the
story hundred percent says it's very
legit okay so here's what happened in
2009 was a man named Jill coming he
lives in an apartment in New York
logistical now in the morning he woke up
any notice that there was some food
missing so he went to his girlfriend and
said did you eat my food
she said no he thought she whined the
next morning and you think there's more
food missing and the kitchens been moved
around he convinced that his girlfriend
is sneaking food Mittleman right
anything's was kind of funny so he
decides to set up a camera and he hopes
that he's going to catch his girlfriend
eating the food he's going to show her
they're gonna laugh about it and she's
going to be like fuck you caught me when
Jill set up the camera and watch the
footage the next day this is lucky
yeah a woman just crawled out of his
attic and waste to his fridge and
started eating the food but that's how
weird she didn't did something even more
fucking great
I don't actually even process that fuck
okay so I did the research on this and I
read an interview with Joe and here's
what he said he said that in his
apartment there were the big storage
space or attics they never ever checked
he said while he was there he and her
the homeland is up there but he always
thought we used to rap now when he
contacted the police they basically came
and said that it looked like she had
gotten through it from the window
because there's a fire escape he was on
like the top level so she got in from
outside probably to rob him saw the
storage space and I thought we might as
well set up camp here and the police
said that it looked like she had been
living there for a few weeks I don't
know there's a lot of speculation about
there's a lot of people think it's a
prank or a hoe but a lot of people do
believe it because it's not half crazy
think about it there are stories of
people who have lived in a random
people's houses for years and they
didn't even know that Jennifer Lopez had
a stalker who lived in her beach house
but we will talk about that later
because that story it's super fucked out
that's all Nora's door okay so let's
move on to another video this one is
pretty popular online because people
literally have no idea if it's real if
it's fake or what happening to people in
the video this is the video the two
teenagers who supposedly disappeared and
we're murdered and in Croatia so in the
video you see these two teenagers just
filming and hanging out in the park mom
then I'm just gonna please exporters now
it's me my Dominus shall eyes no 16
victim of item too much everything that
seems to be normal is hanging out in the
park and then the guy and he seems to
just be standing in the shadows well
forget it
hey mama Dalian get out it now I'm
falling on but now is I miss them okay
ma'am then a man comes up to and later
with a bag over his head watch okay so
it is really good non-formal I go truth
me on the left like a solution so the
teenagers think it's a job they think
maybe the guys just drawn or how much or
something so they leave or later when
they are far away from the park and by
your apartment the guy shows up again
and then pt100 leave i guess ii see
missed another obviates get IDs too much
get the top there you go see what i like
i lost a limb to that polish and then
after that they totally change my never
seen and i did a lot of fucking research
on it I really searched and I cannot
find any proof that this is fake or any
evidence that these guys are like they
literally have not been Jesus who know
the stalker that had been watching their
every move and just waited for the
perfect moment to attack while let's
totally random just a crazy killer Oh No
so this leads up to some really scary
soccer stories and complain to
celebrities and I'm warning you these
long
really fucked up now first we're going
to talk about Jennifer Aniston soccer
now Jennifer Aniston reported a man she
said had been stopping her for a long
time now in the police arrested the man
they found in his car a nice stuff tip
and a love letter written to Jennifer
and a serious part he scratched I love
Jennifer Aniston on to the side
luckily that guy was caught and Jennifer
has restraining order filled hopefully
she'll be fine now in 2014 Sandra
Bullock's did not become lucky she came
face-to-face with her soccer in her own
house okay so it was 1 a.m. and Sandra
was in her bed trying to sleep then she
heard a loud noise coming from the
hallway so she got up to check it out
she figured it was probably nothing
maybe like the wind so she went to close
her bedroom door when she did there was
a man standing in the hallway wearing
dark clothes different so she slammed
the door shut locked it and called 911
now the cops came and arrested the man
and what they found on him was very
disturbing he had a notebook filled with
love notes with journal entries about
her and with pictures of her that he cut
out from magazines all pasted together
and in the notebook he said I will
forever be thinking about you and
release my son and you are my wife by
law the law of God and you belong to me
and me to you yes literally he thought
they were married and he was in her
house and her baby was there I mean the
whole thing is just pull now this next
story is Monica I'm told earlier and
when I found out about this I literally
checked every room in my house twice so
Jennifer Lopez had a crazy obsessed
stalker who lived in her pool house for
six days without anybody so the shoppers
name was John Judith and he was 49 years
old he was sleeping on the couch in her
pool house for six days and the
creepiest part is while he was there he
was posting pictures on Twitter of like
his experience being in her
we'll help and nobody saw the pictures
you took a picture inviting the Sun
sheet box of chocolates and the caption
was Jenny always sending my love and
then there are other pictures of hinges
around her property hanging out her
backyard it's just like living his life
in her house there was even a picture of
one of the trees in her backyard that he
carved their initials into and the
caption was more David and Jenny argh
the Jennifer Lopez wasn't home at the
time sheet on tour and literally he
parked his car in her driveway and
neighbors were like who is this man but
he would tell them oh I'm just security
I'm just here while she's away while
Jennifer Lopez found out about this
called the cops
here the man was arrested ok so this
last story is like really fucking crazy
and when I watched the video I was like
feeling a lot of things ok so this
happened in 2016 in the bikini section
of the target but before I get to that
let me rewind a little bit and go to
something to happen two years earlier
two years earlier a woman was shopping
in a department store and a man walked
up to her and started asking her
questions
now the question seemed innocent enough
at first he asked her Oh what do you
think about this dress I want to get it
for my wives
beeping she's gonna like it and the
questions got progressively creepier he
would say it's pretty Caesar what do you
think do you think she should wear
underwear do you think she should shave
like do you think you'll be able to
speak
you body underneath do you ever wear
clothes like this like it starts getting
really scary obviously the woman was
like get the fuck away from me and we
left the store reported the guy and was
like that guy's a creep two years later
the same woman within target in the
bikini section and a man walked up to
her and she knew he looked familiar but
she couldn't figure it out well the
first question that the man asked was I
have this dress and I want to get for my
life what do you think and the woman was
like fuck this is the man from two years
ago who sexually harassed me in the
store so she pulled out her camera
without him knowing and starts filming
it and then it was over there at law she
doesn't like a maxi dress like those
long dresses right um like did you make
sure it's not too like I'll do the other
backup here but she make sure it's not
too much shear please right do you
remember running into me in the grocery
store no hey where you going come back
hey and get this guy stop it stop this
guy stop him stop that guy call the top
Paul the top button call the top get
Marcus fucking throwing no fuck you
followed it I know you thought you
motherfucker
come here you fucking shit where the two
kids at huh where are you do babies on
keep running motherfuckers yeah keep
running
yeah really really scary and very real
and just everything about that video
distinction well the police caught this
man
you him and he said he had a problem
porn and he liked filming women without
them knowing and that he sometimes we go
to writers but I went to the Facebook of
the woman who told this story and she
said that the guy is still out there and
that she wanted to spread the message
and make people know how much of a
fucking creepy it I don't know how he
sold out in public after being caught
but not my thing I'll leave that in the
police's hands those were just a few of
the scariest opera stories handsome
soccer videos that I see and just to end
this video I want to let you guys know
that you should always keep a lookout
for things that seem strange to you if
you see a man looking oddly at a woman
or following her in a store reported if
you see some weird comments on youtubers
videos supportive just keep your eyes
and ears open for anything and you think
could be a stalker because they are all
around all right you guys dare to go
hopefully you enjoyed this video well at
least hopefully you would entertain guys
if you want more videos like this like
up about creepy stuff please give me a
thumbs up filling them and also
subscribe nation which I'm going to make
this video and if you want to see all my
other scary videos where I talk about
dads and conspiracies I'll put a link to
a playlist top of description below you
guys
oh look how happy she is she has no idea
she's like mom are we going to a
carnival is there gonna be funnel cake
no sweetie but don't worry the Carnival
is going to be fire OH
oh my god
