bitch you are not fucking ready for this
fuck all so that's just part of my
grocery list I don't know how that got
there
hey guys yes I'm wearing my safety
goggles and you know what that means
no one is safe so I did that fucking hot
knife video last week it was fun but my
favorite part was using the blowtorch so
today I thought why the fuck not just
blowtorch it like that's what really
gives me a lot like cutting and distinct
is great but lighting them on fire
that's love
okay so I have all these items let me do
a quick haul first of all a minion
obviously don't tell me you don't want
to see one of these motherfuckers burn
you have anything is I've killed in my
life two minutes account I also have
this little sorry I don't know who she
is or where she came from but I'm ready
to send her back to hell I was gonna do
an iPhone but that's these fucking
expensive so I'm doing a fisher-price
iPhone this is what's wrong with the
world children do not need a fall within
it it that's fucking creepy this is
what's wrong with parents nowadays this
is what makes kids also I have this it's
like a little slide with a pig on it and
then I'm gonna like let her go down the
slide and then turn her ass up and then
I have like random things on but also
look at this shit so this is a fucking
plane ride right so it's like she's
gonna be like holy God fucking best day
of my life bitch and then a flame
fucking fighter fucking murder and then
I have a bunch of other stuff I just
want to fucking get into this let's just
burn down my house okay so here's my
setup I have my sink which I'm going to
be doing my burning in because I feel
like that you know face because there's
a faucet and then on this side I just a
trash bag right out like just in case
like things get really messy and then
over there I have a kid's magazine it's
just all going to get really weird so
get ready
okay so first let's test this blow torch
and make sure she is still lit
I'll go home and I'll light it on fire
hey I think I remember how to use this I
think I just press it yeah oh okay okay
let's not small
what's the with the media oh yeah this
is gonna be good all right I'm sorry
it's not a banana
it's a fire bitch oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh this is everything you hit a
bitch yeah bitch is the plane oh wow
beautiful
okay those fumes are deadly so I'm gonna
crack a window oh wait you still on fire
oh oh okay okay the fumes are really bad
okay let's move him over to the sink so
we can really go in do you have any last
words minion hang on you don't care
oh yeah let's get those goggles a little
bit more oh yeah fuck oh my god oh
that's beautiful
holy shit Despicable Me I was blown off
oh this video is going to be real dark
okay I feel like for my next thing I'll
enjoy something kind of fun and not
super dangerous this is one of those
like Chuck the Valentine's Day boyfriend
fuck off but also I love the idea of
eating a man that sounds great okay
let's light his ass on fire but it oh my
god oh god it's beautiful
ooh I want to burn my hand off hold on
all right here we go oh wow oh wow fuck
oh that is beautiful oh my god hold on I
just got a really good idea all right
oh yes bitch oh now that looks like
Valentine's Day to me oh fuck oh it's so
on fire oh yeah oh oh it's actually on
fire oh wow okay these gloves are not
for fire Wow right next Idol okay so I
got this like kid magazine mainly
because I just wanted to like burn
through a person so I hope she's
watching I want her to show what the
world's really like welcome to Hollywood
all right here we go oh my god I'm so
excited 1 2 3
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay all
right that idea that was bad idea oh my
god oh wow now that's the next cover of
my new book current mood always all
right I want to blow up this fucking pig
monster I don't know who she is or why
she's here but I'm ready for her to be
gone oh this is going to be good oh my
god
okay you know I know I want like a
little profile shot like I want to see
her eyes when the flame come oh look how
happy she is she has no idea she's like
mom are we going to a carnival is there
going to be funnel cake no sweetie but
don't worry the carnival is going to be
fire
ha oh my god oh my god that whole let's
do it again oh my god yes it eat it eat
it bitch oh wow woah oh my god wait
let's crack into her with a knife better
yet next use a fork ooh ooh she's real
tender she's still on fire hold on girl
let me let me get that for you oh wow oh
this is great
I wish this is how people did Hall
videos on YouTube hey guys I just got a
bunch of stuff from Target now I'm gonna
burn it all
oh God oh wow that's a look oh fuck me
before face - next item okay so this is
kind of random thought it might be cool
to do like a bottle of ranch because I
feel like it might like booze out and
look kind of crazy and also I just want
to try burnt ranch something I've never
done one two three
whoa okay so that's just the paper come
on come through a rant come through
whoa oh my god oh my god ranch is going
every picture oh this is what dreams are
made of
oh okay this might be a bad idea I hear
sizzling this might have turned into a
bomb a ranch bomb boot hack Oh Oh is it
bad that I want to lick it okay let's
just lay her on her side and keep
burning her me went on the serial killer
but I'm sweet
I think this might actually explode and
I feel like that would be really bad
right let's keep going oh oh it's a shot
at me oh oh now you've tried it
what's done with you okay here's another
food one I wanted to try because I feel
like this might look cool like maybe the
bag will like explode or something here
we go whoa Wow oh that's so beautiful
oh my god all that's beautiful oh wow oh
that's art oh okay it's really unpacked
okay because why one for my homie
wow that was everything I love that it's
still on fire
alright let's kill this little fucker
he's just begging for it
alright goodbye oh no he's still alive
he survived Damon wish one two three
he won't die he's worse than Emmaus all
right fine we'll just do it with him not
walking
oh yeah whoa whoa oh look at this space
look at the shriveling and look at
shriveling in oh my god yes it oh wow
that really smell okay okay so I really
wanted to burn a CD but I don't want to
piss up any like fan bases so when we
ran Ellen's holiday compilation album
first of all did not know she had one
but I love you Alan and I'm sorry I'm
doing this but I just don't need a
holiday album all right one two three
whoa whoa oh did you see that that was
crazy okay
oh damn it oh my god look did you see
that that's so scary like all whole just
formed where Ellen faces and she's not
even touched by the flame bitch I was
trying to get oh yeah there she is oh my
god Wow now that's my holiday that's my
Christmas looks like
Oh Oh relatable oh the weather outside
is frightful but Suns on all the fucking
words and summer Bowser Christmas let it
burn let it burn let it burn
oh ok let's light this Frappuccino he
like that could be pretty whoo let's
light her right up to the Little Mermaid
safe she thinks she's so fucking cool
cuz she's so expensive well guess what
bitch your coffee jeez like shit I'm
lying to myself I love it so much
hi 1 2 3
whoa here we go here we go Oh
Wow oh that is literally literally what
is happening that is so fucking
beautiful back on five fish a fish
Starbuck one me zero lot I was like a
white-trash firework firework hack
kidding do not do this fucking ever
alright I know you guys have been
waiting because so have I we're going to
burn this whole pig I so let me set up
her cute little like slide oh my god
that is adorable too bad she's going to
die
so I guess they should just like have
this at the bottom this is like a nice
little surprise for her like she's like
oh my god I love the fucking Park and
you're like do you bitch do you and then
with this lighter on fire
alright but we got to be fast because I
don't want her to see it coming
1 2 3 alright this ready I'll push to
take off with Fork alright bitch 1 2 3
oh no she missed the flame she's a
fighter are the tried again one two
three
ah pyramid you know what we're changing
this up what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to light the slide on fire and let
it catch up to her
1 2 3 oh yeah there we go
get ready pig she is coming for you oh
oh that's going to be satisfying goo
that smoke is bad okay okay I need to
leave the room for a minute
oh hey definitely got her revenge oh and
look her she's not even touched I mean
she lost an arm but she'll be fine
all right time for the grand finale oh
this is going to be good so I guess
we'll just like spin her into the flame
oh my god
all right here we go whoo that looks
kind of fun I love this so I think the
flame should be coming from here I think
it's like stuff the stuff uh honey rise
have fun
oh my god yeah swing for your life bitch
no no no no no no seamlessly no it's not
fun if you're on the ground it's just
sad
fuck alright let's put on top ooh that
is horrifying
wow what a metaphor for life life's not
a party sorry kid
oh wow look at her legs look at the
mouth look at them out oh wow oh that's
beautiful
oh I could literally stare at that for
hours I don't even need therapy I just
need this well they do look there - OH
all of them triple oh my god oh if
that's not a meme then I don't know what
is leaving the weekend like let me get
my water whoo oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh oh wait you see this hole of her
fucking leg is like losing off this
that's her foot oh my god
remembering it's Monday like oh fuck I
just want to put this in my house
somewhere that's fucking beautiful
sculpture
oh my gosh oh that was me look spurting
things and actually getting the closest
we've ever been to destroy my house hope
you have fun please thumbs up also make
sure the generator down below because I
make new videos every fucking day until
I don't because I burned out everything
there's no more videos like this let me
know what else should have blowtorch we
may comment maybe I'll burn it as you
guys don't weigh up on today and I'll
see you sorry little blow torches
the next conspiracy is a duty that is
theory fully Tomlinson's babies is I
know what insane but honestly the proof
of evidence is crazy
