my theory on people who color their hair
wacky colors is they're either having a
mental breakdown or their inner freak is
coming out because they keep it home
like that's fine they can't put it at
work it was more than I was just trying
really hard to Coachella hey was it the
guy yes it will be talking about some
more conspiracy theories now before we
get started I just want to let you guys
know that some of these theories today
are really fucking intense and some of
them could probably get me in trouble
and some of them are very complicated
with like a lot of evidence and steps
and like there's a lot of detail so
please stay with me I promise you
through it and I promise
some of them will fuck you up starting
with this first okay this first
conspiracy theory is about an Instagram
model named lil mcclain now we'll look
Loyola has a hundred and twenty-seven
thousand followers and it happened very
fast
now if you look at her pictures it's
pretty evident that she's not a real
person like she's obviously
computer-generated but then some of the
pictures feel very real I mean just look
at this picture of her with this girl
and a car that looks pretty fucking real
with a stick shudders standing next to a
girl on the street that looks pretty
real I mean there's even picture the
purse standing in front of the eye it's
Howard and just pictures of her like in
the bedroom hanging out but then like
her body looked very real but the face
was computer-generated but either way
she had the ton of followers and they
loved every picture she goes now a lot
of people have been debating whether or
not she's real or if she's like part
real and part fake
well then a man named ugly cross who's
been in the special effects industry for
15 years did an interview on her now he
believes that she's a mix of a real
person and 3d imagery so what he thinks
is happening is a girl taking a picture
of herself and then manipulating it and
special effects to make it look fake but
underneath is a real girl now that's
where the theories come now the first
theory is that this girl is a real girl
and she launched same and she won't be
experimental but she doesn't like her
appearance so she turned herself into a
3d computerized person that way she
could get popular Instagram that she
could also keep her normal life she
doesn't get recognized when she walked
down the street if she's not a fucking
computer the second theory is that the
girl that is making these pictures is a
depart student and this is her way of
expressing herself she takes pictures of
herself manipulates feminists just her
fake then was jumping into the creepier
series honestly the series that make
more sense first is that this is a huge
scam it is a huge hoax that has been put
on by the game list in so as you guys
know the Sims is a huge game or you can
like make a little creative person and
you can live their life with so doesn't
really tapped into like Instagram it you
know new technology and apps so
supposedly this is their first venture
and the theory is the company by the
senses like what if we can make an
Instagram star and make her a sim that
way when she is really popular we do
promoting The Sims game on her Instagram
now that was not confirmed it just a
theory and definitely makes a lot of
sense but this next one that makes you
even more sense to me and it is one of
my biggest fears as a youtuber and that
is the theory that she has been created
by a marketing company and her whole
purpose is to get famous get a lot of
audience get a lot of teenagers
following her and then she'll start
doing a shit ton of brand deals now
we've talked about this before a couple
months ago exit video about a youtuber
who was not real that she was created by
a company and it was a company that's
trying to like get her brand deals like
do ball fake so why wouldn't the company
be like hey let's make this like
Instagram 3d girl and let's get her shit
ton of followers and then let's slowly
start having her do brand deals and
let's start selling a bunch of shit
using her face and a lot of people are
like no that doesn't expand like she
never promoted anything so I just went
to her Instagram account and the newest
post is her promoting something the
first time just link so as you can see
in the caption she is promoting
something called desert us a candle and
it got a bunch of likes and a lot of
comments saying oh my god where can I
get one oh my god I love that candle I
want one so maybe their plan is well
nobody knows for sure
lil Mikayla is still killing it nobody
knows who made her if she's real it
she's a girl with a computer face we
don't know but all I'm saying is just
keep watching
and I'm sure that eventually she'll
start doing like here's my coke or
here's my beads headphones or scarier
okay so speaking of things that people
think on are faked the six conspiracies
is a duty that is a theory really
Tomlinson's baby is like I know what
insane but honestly the proof of
evidence is crazy now there's a lot of
it so I'm really gonna try to break this
down stay with me
the first let's just talk about what
happened back in June
Louie had a baby with a girl named Bree
that baby's name was fresh now since
that happened him in the mother Brianna
Brianna have really kept Freddie out of
the public eye I don't take pictures
don't have them out with the paparazzi
to keep them very private which I agree
with I think that's a great thing to do
when you're in celebrity like keep your
kids away from that or are you keeping
the kid away from Matt these kind of
activities so let me explain why the
conspiracies so I have talked about the
Harry Styles and really Tomlinson
relationships conspiracy before and
there was a lot of evidence for that
showing that they actually are in a gay
relationship and they don't want anybody
to know the truth so this here is that
the management company wanted that to go
away so they're like hey if Louie has a
baby with a woman that theory of him
being gay he's gone and maybe they told
him about it so hey we do this then
nobody will ever question your harrigan
relationship again for anything so here
are some pieces of evidence of this
possibly being okay so number one back
in May of 2015 there was a Twitter
account set up called at Briana Sachs
now that is a span of accounts for you
but at the time because that up Breanna
have never been linked to Louie there
was no reason for her to have a sand
account well two days later after that
Twitter had been made
Louie brain were spotted out in public
by the paparazzi and their relationships
lunch room so the theory is that maybe
the management company of one direction
or the PR company was like hey might as
well make her a fan account let's like
get her social stuff going because once
they're out in public it's going to
become a thing so then two months after
that it was revealed that Breanna
is pregnant with their baby okay so this
is where it gets a little complicated so
stay with me so in November of 2015 a
woman named Ian Murray had a beach now
she is the head of one Direction's PR
now she has her baby in Los Angeles
Louie was in Los Angeles at the same
time so there's a chance that he met the
baby remember I'm going to bring that up
later okay so now let's talk about the
tweet that were we sent out when his
baby was born so here's the tweet right
here
he said I'm pleased to say my baby was
born yesterday he is healthy and pretty
amazing I'm very happy now a lot of fans
went crazy because they're like he did
not treat that doesn't sound like
something he'd say and also punctuation
is like way off if you look at all of
his other tweaks he always puts a space
right for an exclamation mark look at
all of these tweets I don't have the
space but then this new one about its
baby doesn't seem a little weird so a
lot of fans think that he didn't treat
that with the PR woman or maybe his
management
maybe they told him to tweet it and he
was like listen and I'll go along with
his fake baby thing to like I can't I
don't want to eat this but I feel very
weird and now let's talk about the way
Briana announced the birth of the baby
so she posted a picture on Instagram of
her holding grace and the caption said
one 21:16 Freddie rain love of my life
okay so the baby was born on 121 make
sense but then you look back at Louise
tweet which was on 123 and he said the
baby was born yesterday which would have
been 122 how do you get the day wrong of
your own baby's birth he's a little this
is where it is a big curly beer I want
to bring in his friends tweeted a
picture that supposedly Breanna had sent
to her like her and also a roomful in
your stomach and Briana's friend said
I'm so excited for this little one but
then some fans its research and found
that that same exact picture have been
posted a long-ass time ago on some
so that's not even Brianna in the
picture so why would we try to post that
maybe because they're trying to keep the
myth alive that man is in the hospital
giving birth so they just found picture
of some girl hospitals of her face cut
off and they're like deaf is Brianna
then there's pictures of Brianna leaving
the hospital which are very suspect so
pretty much all women who leave off the
Lackey to give birth are in wheelchairs
they can barely walk they definitely are
not allowed to carry anything they can't
carry anything heavy barely even a purse
and they have to be helped into a call
you're the picture of Brianna leaving
the hospital check yeah not only is she
walking she is not getting help getting
into the car that is a huge tall car and
she's carrying the baby by herself and
it's fucking heavy and that's the
picture that made a lot of people go
crazy cuz they're like this cannot be
possible
how is she holding that how is she
walking she definitely did not just give
birth so now let's talk about the
picture that really posted of him
holding the baby this one is also a
doozy so here's the picture it's a cute
picture and holding the baby and black
in mind it's heavily filtered but it's
key but then the theorists started
poking at it and realizing that there
isn't
so here that were quite right about it
first of all look at it next to all the
other pictures i Kiko
you never post black-and-white pictures
this is the first one in a long time
everything else is colors why is that
weird you might ask well a lot of people
that are into photography say that black
and white filters make it easier for you
to photoshop manipulate like if you like
draw a black light filter over something
you can hardly tell that in Photoshop
then somebody took the picture and
adjusted it so that the brightness was
fully up and that's when you can see
that the baby isn't even touching
lluís chest yes so he's holding the
baby and in the normal picture it looks
like the baby's sucking a chap and like
doing kisses and we brighten it baby
like here and it looks kind of
photoshopped like they just saw the baby
right there then in another picture he
with the baby people started noticing
that a lot of Louie's tattoos right
there he's famous for having a dagger I
saw him that was gone he had numbers on
fingers those were gone and he also had
a 78 right here on his chest and when
he's holding a baby his fingers like
this so you should be able to see the 78
right here nope it's gone so the idea is
that this whole picture was photoshopped
like they might have taken a picture of
Louise of something else Photoshop did
Photoshop the body but maybe there and
maybe he just forgot a few tattoos
because we just weren't thinking well
then this picture Tina so this is a
master named Horatio pan Sherri and he
posted a picture holding his baby
yeah that literally looks like Louie
holding his babies literally and there's
other pictures of oratio and it looks
just like that so a lot of people think
that that picture was taken with another
picture of relief and they were combined
and then created some people even think
that the baby isn't real that it's a
dull
they've taken pictures of the baby and
put it next to pictures of baby doll and
the similarities are pretty crazy I mean
yes obviously it looks like a baby doll
because it's baby but just look at the
seat like two feet next to a picture big
gulp seeds look oddly similar and the
last theory is that maybe when Louise PR
manager having the baby
November remember I told Ibaka maybe he
took a picture with that baby and they
saved it and they were like let's toast
this later and pretend like this is I'm
the PR lady's like hey listen I'm in
charge of PR anyways and this is my idea
anyway so you can use my baby for
pictures
I don't know Louie had not talked about
it nobody to really discuss the theories
I think now once again this is all
theory I don't wanna get sued I want to
get trouble I decide it all very
interesting entertaining and if the baby
is real house ready grows up and does
not see this video or it will be laughed
at
okay speaking of getting in trouble this
next one is definitely
could get me in trouble so and once
again I'm gonna say this is just a
theory and I'm also a fan of Lady Gaga's
I'm not trying to start any shit this is
the theory that Lady Gaga might have had
her label look okay so back in 2007 Lady
Gaga was going by the name Stephanie
which is a real name and she was working
with the growing we work out now they
would light music together we would
write songs definitely sing them that
new write songs and Lena was saying I'm
doing collaborate well a year later in
2009 Lena fell off the ten story
building and died now after this
happened Lena's mother came out and said
Lady Gaga is holding green of soul and I
want her soul to be free so basically
what she is insinuating is that Lady
Gaga I have had Lena murdered in order
to become a saint so we've talked about
the music industry and the satanic
rituals and all the theories of the
Illuminati so this kind of ties in with
that so basically just to recap theory
is that if you want to become famous in
the music industry you have to make a
deal with the devil and the devil will
get your soul and you can become famous
and to do that you have to do some kind
of satanic ritual well one of the
rituals is to murder someone that loves
you that can be a phallus it can be a
relative or it could just be a friend
Caractacus now you murdering them shows
the devil and show the Illuminati that
you're willing to do whatever it takes
to get your face
well after Lena died Stephanie became a
Lady Gaga she started wearing blonde
wigs and doing her like crazy antics and
her big crazy music and Lena's mother
once again says that she stole all of
that Elena the way the you know style
all that hmmm
Lady Gaga became the most famous
musician in the world and then a year
later Lady Gaga even put a moment in a
music video of somebody pushing her off
a balcony which is very similar to waste
so then as you know a couple years ago
by Lady Gaga gets involved in drugs and
kind of starts you know losing her sense
of reality and gets depressed
so some people think did she start
having all of that happen to her because
she was feeling guilty because of what
she did Selena was he kind of getting to
her was the deal cheating could the
devil getting to her also once again
this is a theory I'm not saying this
happened I do not think Lady Gaga killed
anybody it is all just a theory so don't
tell me but oddly enough this is not the
first time the link arrives and blamed
for somebody's death a few years later a
musician named Lou Reed died and a lot
of people thought God had something to
do with it so we'll read was a very
famous musician and a huge inspiration
photographer such an inspiration that
she wanted his approval over her album
artpop she sent him tracks she called
him and she said want to listen I want
your approval because she took
inspiration from his work and she wanted
him to like prove it some of her songs
and album were inspired by some of his
old songs and what the artwork was
inspired by him and she wanted him to
prove it and liked it because she loved
him well he listened to the music and he
didn't operate it to even use the word
Navi and how he felt when he listened to
it so obviously this really affected
Lady Gaga having one of her idols called
music cogitating but what's even worse
is Lou Reed told the record label that
if she released that album she would
publicly say that it was plagiarized
that she rip stuff off from him and I he
did not approve of it well then dumped
out long after what's the hospital for
his liberty and in that hospital there
were complications and he died and then
after he died the Gaga's album came out
and there was no top
drivel you read was not there to stay in
the bath theory is that maybe the record
label has something to do with him dying
with the Illuminati has something to do
with it either way they just did not
want him to ruin Lady gaga
once again series I personally don't
believe that but it is kind of
interesting to think about like what
those I could they could you to like
save babies like are they willing to
kill people
very interesting okay speaking of the
record industry and the crazy things
they do this next theory is kind of a
continuation of something we talked
about the past so as you guys know there
is a series that Britney Spears it's
black out albums actually was not sung
by her but it was sung by a backup
singer they Maya who can do a really
good Britney Spears impersonation and
how that theory happened it was
basically her dad came out in an
interview and said you know my daughter
sings all the backups for Britney Spears
and she also has pretty much sings all
the song of course Myatt and I business
like no no no one just about the finger
like I would never do that but then the
dental track came out called Black Widow
which is my attaining it and literally
yourself just like Britney Spears just
to refresh your memory
yeah that was not ready at my house it
just fucking like her so that was the
theory that Maya sang all the songs on
The Blackout out and then supposedly
Britney Spears got her life back
together and she's doing singing for
herself again but then this you know so
there's a couple of songs on Gracie
Spears album Britney jeans that
literally sound like an impersonation of
Britney like it doesn't sound like
genuine breathing it sounds like
somebody pretending to be ringing and a
lot of her fans realize this I did when
I first heard this album and I heard
these two selling those like the fuck
that's not Brittany that's like somebody
trying to do Britney and they're kind of
drunk so those songs are alien and
passenger so the theory is that Maya
sang these songs and probably other
songs on the album well then somebody
leaked the recording
of a lien with Maya this is my singing
supposedly now she is a backup singer so
she's doing the background vocals but
listen to it it sounds just like I'm not
alone not alone not alone yeah
now just listen to literally two seconds
of the song alien I don't you're like
copyrighted or in trouble but just just
listen it does not sound like Britney
Spears the telegrapher player and the
sole passenger is even crazier like
literally sounds like a drag queen doing
see what I mean like that's crazy like
doesn't sound like a genuine breathing
now also the sound texture was written
by SIA you know see a huge music star
and she talked about it and from what I
remember I was trying to find a source I
couldn't find it I remember her saying
on a podcast that she never actually
worked this bridge
she's wrote the song and then we
recorded it so to see you know because
nobody remembers British crews recording
a song nobody Mowgli was in the room
with her did she actually will point
that out it's very scary to think about
for some reason a creepy knowledge to
imagine like you're listening to your
favorite artist and then you find out
that it was not that like the whole test
but I also fucking love Britney Spears
so much and I've seen her concert in
Vegas literally five times oh great I
see which brings us to our last
conspiracy this one I can't believe that
I hadn't heard about this theory before
okay here it is that Brittany Murphy was
murdered by the government now I talked
about Britney Murphy's death before
because it is so fucking random and
weird and there's so many unsolved
mysteries about it so she died in 2009
in her house just died and then they
said it was natural causes then five
months later her husband died and they
said natural causes
well obviously when the natural causes
that doesn't make any sense field open
there's 30 is just drop dead for no
leader well then her dad Angelo came out
he said he believes that it was
killed her okay only write this down
there is a woman named Julia date now
Julia Davis was working for the border
control in California so she found some
security flaws at the border where she
thought that terrorists could come
through now when she exposed these flaws
because she wanted help and she wanted
to fix it
she was branded as a domestic terrorist
well Britton Berkeley came out publicly
and said that she was on the side of
Julia and that she believes that Julia
should not be branded that and that she
was going to sit by her side
well then Brittany Murphy told her dad
after work that she thought the
government had tapped her house in touch
with phone she said she felt like she's
being launched she said that when to use
apology and clicking the beeps and she
said she's like I a hundred percent
believe that the government is watching
well of course people thought she was
crazy they're like nah and she died so
her dad was so sure that there was
something shady going on with her death
and that somebody killed her that he got
some of her hair samples and he got his
only toxicology report done because the
toxicology report that the police did
was like it was natural causes when he's
like enough fucking bullshit
well his copper ecology report came back
and inside of it it said that there was
heavy metal poisoning found interest now
an Angela was like guys look fucking
heavy metal poisoning found in her house
in her system when she died and in her
husband's system everybody's like sorry
she's already closed I don't know that
one oh fucking freaks me out because you
could just die and in your house you can
get poisoned by the government or by
somebody and they could not even find it
in your blood and they could just say
actual cops and then nobody will know oh
god were just like give me fucking chill
so I guess we'll never know how bringing
up the actually died and if I show up
dead one day we get another toxicology
report please let's go
conspiracies which may and hopefully
eventually back let me know down the
comments which means you believe which
ones II don't believe or there's any
other conspiracies out there that I
haven't talked about that you want me to
also give this video a thumbs up if you
want more conspiracy videos and
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I make new videos every day and
if you want to know my other conspiracy
videos I've done shit ton I'll put a
link completely trapped on the
description and you guys with everything
you see I was just riddled that oh my
god oh my god
fuck me ah now that's a super Saint 60
which I don't need a Range Rover bitch
and whistling druggers we had a big
night that's video
