I have a problem with people making
terrible terrible terrible content I
have an inkling that every hater is
secretly a fan we can handle hate but my
mom is triggered so I was thinking later
we go to my mom's house show her the
video and then you knocked on the door
and she did it her pregnant
so we're right outside my mom's house
it's super weird to like actually be
here it's like why yeah I've been
watching your videos for years and years
and years wait this is what I thought
he's super weird to see her okay let's
go make my mom kill you okay so let's go
all right so I'm gonna hide you it's
really cold outside
sorry oh good I got Garrity's bear oh
and I got presents okay so this video is
going to start with you watching things
about me so we'll watch a hate video
talk about a make fun of it and then
garel calm and we'll do something let's
clean your glasses you want to see this
so this is the first video I'll show you
this is by a kid named Bobby he's
popular for you know making videos like
this I have a problem with people
manipulating people and not being honest
and making terrible terrible terrible
terrible terrible terrible terrible
content thoughts so far first of all oh
if he's going after you and he's got his
own crap going on right and he's jealous
right that's the only way a heart can
not celebrate someone's success a subtle
drag in things I feel like you don't see
me mean it just seems dumb
you look pretty dumb in this video good
boss first of all when you call someone
dumb huh
it is like it just gets my blood boiling
right what his mama needs to tell him is
that he is being a bully so you start
calling speaker so mrs. Bobby burns that
is being a bully
the BBB oh my god in a splatter
it's got bells on I made it this day as
possible
hi what do you think Jane holy crap that
was everything hello sit on the couch
obviously come for a second oh this is
so good okay mr. Bobby burn oh so you
were being kind of a bully yeah I don't
think so you're good to think his
contents terrible yeah because we all
have an opinion what I will say you
might want to leave out things like dumb
yeah because that kind of insults me is
his mother yeah sorry I do not mean to
insult you one things to be fair in the
video I didn't say he was dumb I said he
looked dumb in that video now that he
was done I would not have just said any
person is dumb unless I actually thought
they were though I'm still just tripping
curry I was like already for Garrett
uh-huh I fought in the beer
so I have a coffee maker or we've got
flavored coffee we did not see him come
NT - I thought we hated him you already
love him no well no because he
apologized and I'm all good with that
and then he said he didn't call you dumb
which as a mother all right
he has a right to not like your content
no he doesn't it's good quality I'm your
mother I think it's brilliant but he has
a right not it all right well let's go
get my drink then let's give you joy I
need this definitely she is kind of you
I know yeah
you're a good-looking kid thank you very
much 20 but my point is you're a
good-looking obviously creative young
man so I hope you do a little more than
just that yeah no I I do you have some
great bone structure what is she what is
this so you were telling me something in
the car that I thought was interesting
watching chains videos since probably
since I was like 12 or so I've been like
super excited to meet you it's like
really cool when you see a video like
that if I would have just shown you that
you in a million will that guy
right but then meeting them in person
and hearing them out it makes I think I
think if he wouldn't have been so
respectful towards me
then you would have seen yeah totally
how that you were respectful and then
I'm gonna go k-50 a lot of that stuff I
mean it is the persona that you put on
like you have like your character that
you do when you're on camera so like
yeah cuz yours we didn't bring this up
earlier so you were so angry yeah and I
was just like there's no way this kids
as angry no no no it's so like for that
video I listen to music before hand that
did push-ups did a bunch of stuff to get
amped up before I shot I can't relate
yeah
you're getting oh my god just got the
best idea ever
yeah okay we'll do this later there we
go we should have you teach my mom how
to do an intense angry critical video
and then you can do it in front of all
of us later like an audience oh hey
honey
I scare people okay help makes you mad
who makes you mad right now
who makes me mad let me think
celebrities I'm trying to think of like
enews okay I will say this I was like
the number one Bravo fan uh-huh I was
don't talk about it no keep going
Peter it's tea honey okay Andy Cohen was
like a son from another husband or
whatever but when I saw him do what he
did with TMZ to Kathy Griffin mm-hmm
have you I told to Kathy atoll in the
meantime whoo
Kathy Griffin when you care about
somebody you don't say whoo-hoo Kathy
Griffin I don't know her like he was
like I don't know that person I may not
agree with everything Kathy says
sometimes okay but I love her yeah yes
yeah I don't like that engine
today part for confronting an you Colin
oh I don't think it would be good for my
heart you're gonna be Sasha you start
with a disclaimer and we'll say dear
Andy its lol joke and then you'll
 end here
I don't know something for you because
you loved it this is my brother and this
is my girlfriends nice to meet you they
helped him make that video yeah there
they helped me write it so I need to
talk to them too did she draw blood no
no we got we drink tea together oh yeah
and then she complimented his bone
structure so the plan is my mom is going
to learn how to make a critical angry
video about Andy Cohen because she's mad
at him what she's gonna perform it for
us
Andy come on so handsome how could you
be mad at him he did this Kathy Griffin
and I didn't like them oh okay well now
that I have had seven panic attacks
let's get some food I'm kinda nervous
like I know you
uber everywhere are you sure you can
drive I'll be okay we're fine we're fine
we're alive why are you driving honey
because I want my hater to see me as a
real down-to-earth guy who can drive a
car who can drive I'm normal I'm regular
I'm wearing my own merch so am I now Oh
interest oh wait Billy burns does your
say Billy burns bully it just it just
not
I was it was a critical video you
shouldn't do okay so we're in the Ober
on the way back to my mom's so you need
to coach her on how to get injury okay
what what makes you really angry when
people are mean to shame so what do we
need to do to get our increase what do
you think I mean I guess we could watch
your video yeah what if I read you some
comments of mine where they call me fat
and ugly
oh hey on them all right well mom when
we get back home everybody's gonna be
watching and you're gonna give us a live
video of you ruining andy cohen's to
start thinking of reasons you know
things you know right yeah yeah the
problem is yeah i really like oh no man
it's just i didn't like that he hurt
Kathy Griffin okay well then let's focus
on that part of it he's jealous of Cathy
yeah well he did oh here we go he did
replace her on CNN's New Year's Eve
Kathy Griffin is out and Andy Cohen is
in there you go and now nobody's done
look watch I'm not gonna watch it watch
it
thousand 18 here we come without Andy
Cohen no I watched it for Cathy how can
you watch Anderson Cooper without Kathy
Griffin you can't know he's just gonna
be like
wait is that innocent Cooper are we
dragging us in Cooper toy buddy now that
I think it would think about what am I
gonna do know yours Eve perfect right
Who am I gonna watch I'm not gonna watch
pretty boy what's his name yeah we're
not dragging ransie because he's too
powerful okay well you keep thinking
about anger and I don't you hate them
and we get home big show
hmm so drew I always thought you were
cool yeah yeah and I always think that
any man that plays like the Sox the sax
is cool so go ahead all right well that
was fun but now it's gonna get scary I
mean water okay everyone are you ready
for the reveal of raging raging the red
remember we got to find the thing that
makes you really angry right okay I'm a
structured person okay so I kind of like
things structured because that makes me
feel safe okay so whether it be a
certain TV show or something I do on a
holiday not everybody goes out for New
Year's okay oh yeah I stay home with my
dogs right right and all I do is I go to
the store and I get my chips and I get
my guacamole fries yeah right okay
and I just wait mm-hmm for Kathy Griffin
and Anderson Cooper yeah so tell me now
what am I supposed to do this New Year's
Eve
there's no Anderson okay and there's no
Cathy what because some other Queen I'm
not gonna watch this Queen because I
stopped watching this Queen when he
ditched the mega Queen these three are
supposed to be besties um what happened
was Kathy well she made a photo and it
wasn't photo friendly uh-huh
well this bestie Lefter I didn't think
what she said was appropriate uh-huh
this bestie acted like he didn't even
now do you take her away from CNN's New
Year's Eve no and now you pissed me off
whoa because I don't know what I'm gonna
do New Year's Eve would you go Theresa I
just want to say to Kathy if she even
sees this that she should actually come
to my house and hang out with me exactly
yeah and Kathy and I this is what we're
gonna be doing on earth we're gonna
start with Anderson and then when the
books are empty we're gonna take the
covers off we're gonna take the covers
off actually gonna mail them to CNN okay
okay and say kiss my ass
great dragon nice to meet you nice to
know no bullying no more bullying we did
such a good job at it though it is fun
it's quite fun you may have created a
monster
I know so you wanted to do a video right
yeah we're gonna do on my channel what
do you want to do you know what
don't tell me do you want to where do
you want to do it now yeah okay tomorrow
alright my house let's make a video and
kill me or you know what yeah whatever
you want to do you do it let me do
whatever alright
well see me tomorrow and if you guys
want to see the video we made that
hasn't happened yet go over to his
channel
alright so it's the end of the night and
I feel so good about everything that
happened today and I'm so happy that I
did this because I had a good feeling
about Bobby when I saw his video about
me even though it was like kind of
talking I just had a feeling I was gonna
connect with him I don't know what the
point of this whole thing was definitely
didn't have one it wasn't like I was
trying to say oh when people don't like
you online you should force them to be
friends with you that's not what I was
trying to do but I am happy that I
didn't just watch his video and get mad
about it and it's subtweet about it and
then move on I'm happy that I actually
got to know him as person and took what
he was saying as criticism instead of
hate
because after hanging out with him today
even more so made me realize like I love
working with people I love making bigger
videos I love finding new talented great
people and making something with them
and I can't believe that I literally had
fun making something with somebody that
made a hate video about me it's so weird
but kind of Awesome wow it is really
weird though to now consider him a
friend
cuz I do and I feel like we're gonna
make more stuff together
and I'm excited about it and once again
this was not faked this was not staged
it genuinely went really well and I was
not expecting it to go that well
and I don't know I'm just feeling good
about it so I believe in him and I think
he's really talented and I think a lot
of you guys would love his videos
especially now that he's doing more than
just like critiquing people he's
actually doing really cool stuff and I
think you should go check it out so go
head on over to Bobby's channel
subscribe give a chance and I'm excited
to see what it makes
I can't wait to keep making that stuff
that I really love to you so thank you
guys for being supportive and for liking
this new style of video and this new
year really excited to me weird weird
day a good day
all right you guys I'm gonna go and I
hope you had a good time watching this
because I really did time making
oh yeah that's good and then I put my
hands around his neck oh my god
hilarious I think you're just like you
know what honey I'm gonna teach you a
lesson you know just taking it like a
sock okay you know what
yeah when you call somebody a bully
that's bullying and we call my son a
bully you're kind of calling me a bully
and that's not gonna happen
I always put like entertainment first
mm-hmm when it comes to these videos to
my car sorry the Coyotes back he's
probably ripping the head off a gopher
oh wow he literally it is oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god have a
present for you we really lose it or is
this gonna be a gag no no
