God is a podcast with haha
we talked about that that could never go
in clever we talk about sex we talk
about vaginas we talked about herpes we
talk about it all you guys enjoy it
very uncomfortable hey guys I'm glad a
consultative really has to be guys yes
they were going to trying more
celebrities favorite food and just like
last time it's going to be fucking weird
I just don't know why celebrities can be
like normal like somebody just Shane
what your favorite food um everything
but specifically nachos with extra
guacamole in sorry but all no my buddy's
got to be like um well I like nachos but
I actually like using chocolate syrup
instead of cheese caviar set-apart moly
and then sometimes the blood of a virgin
instant the Beverly Richie thing like
why they got to be so complicated
oh my god Admiralty she also I don't
know what this is this is food or skin
disease me at the doctor's ah yeah no I
know I think you sued I don't know I'm
just gonna leave it there
you're welcome ok so I have here so many
weird things but I'm honestly very
excited about it especially this first
situation and this is from the Queen
herself Selina go ahead okay so I saw a
picture of Selena Gomez I think it was
her 16th birthday party and she had set
up a birthday cake
a jack-in-the-box talk okay listen she
might have made some mistakes but that
is not one of them all right let me show
you this masterpiece I'm very proud of
me this myself
here is the jack-in-the-box taco
birthday cake oh my god she's crazy
okay so I just stack tacos in a circle
put some cute little candles and then I
decorated it with some hot sauce on the
side and it's always thinking together
we should like to ripple the hot sauce
on top and then light the candles and
make a wish and blow it out oh this is
the best birthday ever
okay here we go oh my god is that so
cute I love it
only I would say that's cute is that
huge fat blue cake you know it's sad
that's what it is shame anyways okay
we're going to take one of these
puff-puff packets I was just riddled
that oh my god oh my god bump me up now
that was super sweet 16 I don't
Range Rover bitchin resetting drivers we
had a big next that's a video idea right
now it's lighting candle oh my god this
is so cute
oh okay I wish for love health career
Range Rover made a big man alright here
we go you guys make a wish Jen didn't
come true no your life still sucks like
it alright now let's slice into this
bitch let me try to find a knife I kind
of ruined all my knives recently don't
know how that happened okay all I have
left is this butter knife so let's see
if this works
okay whoo oh my god oh my god get closer
oh my god here it's which is it oh fuck
oh my god okay okay oh my god okay okay
I need a little place any little place
okay here we go
logical part oh my god oh my god oh yeah
count it look at this cute little piece
of brocco cake and the little candle
still in the bag I love it all right
here we go I were to dig a by this
beautiful cake oh my god okay here we go
Jacquizz loves tacos are fucking it and
happy birthday Selena I help you in the
weekend they're very happy together
I do relate to his music a lot I can't
feel my face but I can't feel my legs
mainly because I'm always sitting in one
location for hours at a time and my legs
would fall asleep next okay this is
another Selena Gomez masterpiece now I'm
not saying she does drugs and such what
I'm saying is who the fuck thinks of a
recent pickle sandwich that's the evil
bitch
that's a bitch I'll trust if you had to
come and get it bitch keep it no this
looks fucking disgusting to me I hate
pickles and love Reese's but why are you
trying to clip it together that will be
like if you put a Wendy's inside of
Target bitch don't taint my target keep
your little redheaded bitch ass outta
here go start a restaurant chain with
RV's you gross bitch the top of a pizza
head is already probably matica okay
here we go I'm going to try it because I
want to give her a try oh my god just
the feeling of it bah
alright okay okay alright here we go
glad the keys I don't want to do this
alright okay alright why is it good what
I'm so confused you know what I said
this in the last celebrity sous vide Oh
Selena Gomez it's a fucking blizzard oh
my god
it all makes everything is definitely
not what it seems bitch she is walking
around like a human bitch muggles I
spotted you with muggle need person
right I did not read Lord the ring petal
this is everything
fuck me up Lena I'm ready coming to get
it I just got a restraining order she
just called her people but she was like
hi
there's this fast creepy man on YouTube
he said he's going to come and get it
okay great okay yeah they're gonna go
murder him no this is great I love this
Selena
you're killing it congratulations on all
the success I hope you in the weekend
get together and just have a full week
for next book alright so I wanted to try
something about Chandler Swift like the
Taylor Swift's favorite guilty pleasure
it's that way
so I'm going to pass
but she also said that she likes to eat
top part and cinnamon toast crunch and I
was like okay that's pretty basic like
that's pretty white gorilla / well
that's pretty fat white kid up her so
I'm like I'm going to take this to the
next fucking level and I think I made a
huge bowl of cinnamon toast crunch and
crumbled up brown sugar pop our cereal
bitch you ready
does this look amazing let me give you
guys a real good shot of it get in there
get in my bowl oh my god the fucking
sentiments is crunch the fucking pieces
of brown sugar part was a little filling
this could make me love here with this
music this could solve all the problems
of her life this could cure her of her
inability to keep it man yes we'll get
rid of all the few of turn Katy Perry
best friends just fucking hanging out
over a big ol bowl of this like amazing
Katie likes eating out fuck that bitch
and then Taylor quacks over half the
she's like hey Katy I brought a snack
you're gonna hear that Katy kept bitch
if Kayla's
walked over to my house holding this I
mean I would finally use instagrams
debris never use that before I'd be like
bitch hold on let me story this moment
but this is a love story
I'll go alright let's try a big ol bite
a bit oh my god oh my god oh my god
they're gone I just changed the culinary
world this is so fucking good this is
somebody's ballin pin it fucked me up
the fucking thing with those crunch
obviously she's ever eaten the lucky
brown sugar pop-tart we love her anyway
so you throw her and if I can cinnamon
toast crunch bowl but neighbor boy I
gotta do it all the way it's fucking
crazy it's fucking soft it's we is
crunchy to the innards of that pop-tart
fucking losing out the side why am I so
excited about a full of food I'm gonna
care I'm fucking excited it next - okay
this next one I'm not
because you all know my feelings on
Pinkberry don't make me rant but this is
Harry Styles favorite news and this is a
chocolate Pinkberry with strawberries
Kiwi mango and coconut
I can't even say her name without
gagging I hate fruit in my dessert a
fruit in general
I hate Pinkberry this is just the worst
combo literally ever just everything
about this seems disgusting to me
where's the chocolate syrup where's the
sprinkles if you're going to give me
frozen yogurt bitch and you're not going
to give me those kind of toppings why do
you need I've ever starved to death
everything about this makes music I hate
it I hate the fruit I hate the puzzle
going I'm going to give it a try because
honestly I trust Harry
alright here we go get in here mango
mango it when people eat mango like it's
food and they're like blue spot in the
sliced mango oh my god it's everything
what the fuck are you talking about ever
eat pizza or sandwich or literally
anything else Mako is the equivalent of
like biting into I don't know I'm yoga
mat like it literally tastes like
nothing and it's sick I'm gonna give it
a try ok here we go I feel like I can
hear Yogurtland screaming at me don't do
it don't worry yo girl and I'll be there
later I'll be coming with my empty trash
cans ready to fill it that's actually a
great a video idea like booty oh girl in
with the trash can fill it up and put it
on her little scale don't have lunch and
by video idea I mean just idea no kami
this right here oh that may go with more
than to the yoga mat that was like
Oprah's yoga mat after she just did a
cool it is just wet salty just
s's the cheese like fuck that was gross
the yogurt itself is not even good like
it's tart it's just wrong it's just old
pink berries go out of business
drag her but I'm gonna drag you there
I want to drag this bitch so hard I want
to take that Barry and I want you to
step on it wash it destroy it and then
have my dog lick it up
I want my dog to go fuck is this and
force himself to vomited back up okay
I'm done dragging the bitch next okay
this is a Kylie Jenner masterpiece now
we try her cup of noodles last time
which actually was pretty long
I mean Sophia's fuck my mom and keeping
with the kylie jenner saltiest fuck
theme she likes cheeseburgers covered in
teriyaki sauce which is literally the
filthiest thing in the world but I'm
actually kind of excited about this like
it looks good to me I know like only I
would think that looks good let's give
us a try Kylie don't let me down I feel
like her mom says that - she's like
Kylie don't let me down
suck that dick that mom - get in -
Michelle don't let me down hi Lee all
right tiger take off that condom we
don't need those all right here we go
cigarette ah that is good oh but the
whole thing is of it oh that's a blac
chyna level saltiness that's that's the
level is talking is where you take your
baby you take your furniture you get the
fuck out of that mansion that's how
salty this one oh my god speaking of
when is Rob Kardashian to tell me his
favorite food because I feel like I love
it like I feel like it will be very
relatable to me uh yeah this is okay
it's pretty good it's very salty
I could never actually eat this or I was
my grandma died from too much salt oh my
god I feel like that's the way you die
if you're like extra shady on Twitter
like who's expecting too much problems
chalkiness got the best of her rest in
pepperoni all right next food okay so I
wanted to know like what Britney Spears
favorite food was but she did really
have like a favorite crazy food she just
really likes candy so she said she was
Eminem's walkers quick Percy cookies and
cream bars and raisinet bitch I'll
forgive you for that one so then I was
like well I'm not gonna try candy is
like we all know what candy tastes like
so then I was like okay
let me get creative with this so I took
all those candies put them in a big-ass
bowl microwave - over two minutes
stirred it up and then froze it into a
bar and she's ready Brittany dinnertime
oh my God look at this oh my god no
crowd I've never been proud of anything
in my life
look at that fuck oh my god oh okay this
is called the Britney Spears oh my candy
stores cólera make this bar call to
Britney Spears with my Barbie it would
be a lot bigger and they would be there
in it
come on air alright here we go let's
give this a try bah oh oh oh my god bah
this is crazy
Britney's haha I'm talking good a bit
where are you I know you have a
restraining order and I get it but you
need to try this for me oh my god a
better idea for Barney it's candy bitch
somebody copper is out this is so good
okay I need you guys to really see this
I need you to get a tour but my candy
bar tour
hey guys get my candy bar to Oracle
first we're gonna start here where
you're going to see some fucking
Eminem's looking like they're covered in
human Dookie then over here you can see
little 6ba she's hanging on for dear
life she actually looks really gross so
let's stop looking at her and then over
here you're gonna see a little bit of
cookies and cream bar but all the other
candies kind of took all verse enough
just looks like Duty 2 and then right
here you're going to see a raisinet we
don't talk about her nobody likes her
everybody secretly wishes she would
leave the bar but we all pretended here
so many letters he reads it up hey guys
you look good today
hey this is are you planning on leaving
Bart
well no not really I was just gonna hang
out you know I'm gonna drink and maybe
just like chill why oh nothing I just
drizzled it with a crazy raisin rave
over on the other side of town maybe you
just check it out
oh oh
hey well I don't read the rain yeah okay
right I'll see you guys later
yeah that's gross nasty business c'mon
we're so happy yeah yeah she dies I'll
Cheatham hey guys oh hey where's them oh
I just forgot my jacket
do you guys not like me oh my god no oh
my god who said that
well where are you looking your that
flowers RocketSled you that was not me -
in my big place you know clicks she's so
crazy no no I good that's fine I thought
I had a friend well you guys have a good
life oh good oh I feel so bad I don't
want to god I don't know what just
happened but next food okay the magnetic
food is the favorite food of Beyonce
and I'm actually really excited about
this because I don't think I've ever
tried this before it's a passage
okay so Popeyes is basically like KFC
but we've gotta justice up so many
Popeyes hands okay I'm not trying to
tell people I'm not trying to stop
because they say heís not trying to
piss off the Popeyes toppers I don't
know their fan name I'm trying to be
nice to everybody now trying to get
dragged today I don't want to be reading
that
so I'm just going to try this I'm really
excited I got fried chicken and a
biscuit
cuz that's perfectly fit I don't have
any hot sauce in my bag laughs but I
have ranch in my pocket and that's good
all right here we go let's take a bite
of this chicken whoa that is intense
that looks like rice krispie treats is
this a nice crispy treat chickens oh
that's a good idea I'll buy it write it
down right here we go
whoa oh it's spicy oh my god I'm
ignoring the bone because they scare me
but the actual chicken and the fucking
crispy skin spa I get it nothing
I get it boom I came up Friday okay now
I was really excited I did not know I
don't think AFC has fire once again
trying to get involved in the KFC
Popeyes work I'm just like on the
outside I've seen eons they're like not
here for the drama so like how Isaac and
see if you guys want to go at it like
I'm not going to watch here we go
satisfied
oh my god what the fuck just maybe the
best like fallacy fries ever had in from
Papa are you fucking kidding me not that
up surprise Popeyes I'm sure your age
I'm not going to just let the army but
like I am surprised like why was Popeyes
up their fries I think you try to
biscuit how do I say this without
getting them involved in a controversy
not a fan of the biscuit but that's okay
we're allowed to have our differences of
opinion I feel like in my opinion the
biscuit attack can only get excessive
the can't see business but the chicken
is great and the Pfizer everything and I
don't want to die we're gonna do the
next food all right so this next food is
from Nick Jonas who like I don't really
want it on my favorite foods because
it's probably like grilled chicken
breast and brown rice
something with no fucking flavor because
he has so many phones exact fuck jealous
of Nick Jonas if I would have told
myself that back in 2007 I would have
not believed it okay his favorite food
is popcorn with sriracha sauce on it
alright here we go here is our popcorn
and I have a sriracha sauce let's make a
Nick Jowett special cool I mean you know
what like this setec lies is killing it
like it's actually very beautiful but
the color scheme the texture profile
like hunter friends I might have liked
his photography book like nature shot my
photography book would look like this
and just like oh my god my job okay I'm
definitely a hardest tourist artist I
don't I'm figured out yet alright here
we go let's try this the Russian popcorn
I hate it I hate that Nick that is hot
why do I not remember isness cut
sriracha what is ooh why do I not
remember it being hot hahaha do in the
popcorn I just got this from like the
store was like already popped it up mag
it tastes like that this whole thing is
not good I feel like Nick Jonas is right
better like you probably had like some
popcorn maker person come to his house
and then like literally the rooster from
sriracha calms and shits on it like it's
like a whole classy ordeal this is gross
all right eyes got me trying a celebrity
favorite foods
hopefully with joy that hopefully it
made you sick if you want me to do more
celebrity foods or more weird videos in
general please give me a thumbs up so I
know instead of the generality videos
every fuckin day and if you want some my
other celebrity foods video and all the
other food videos I've done to help my
link to a playlist try to talk
description below alright you guys I
will see you little celebrity food bar
guys check out the pictures we just took
we had a photo shoot it was pretty
fucking glamorous
and wow that was really bad I should
quit
