so guys let industry welcome back to you
what the fuck thought I don't know if
you've ever been in the situation where
you're watching a TV show constantly
you're hanging on the edge of your seat
and I don't know where this show has
been cancelled have a good fucking day
ah I am still getting over the fact that
animorphs was cancelled in 1999 that was
17 years ago we're such a good show
anyways per night what the fuck laughs
it's not the only five most horrible
canceled TV shows number one secret
talents of the stars so much like the
show is Dancing with the Stars or
celebrity boxing secret talents of the
stars trying to showcase a different
side of talents of well-known celebrity
unfortunately the show is just total
shit as it was quickly discovered that
not many celebrities have talents I mean
honestly what would Kim Kardashian do on
that shit hi I'm Kim Kardashian my
secret talent is not blowing my brains
out because I'm married to Kanye West
Wow
how does she do it I can also fuck guys
on camera it ruined my family's career
I'm sorry Paris Hilton actually already
showed that talent but the show was
cancelled after the first episode in
2008 after was rated a 3.5 and now
that's not out of five chefs out of 1000
you know what I'm gonna give it the
benefit of the doubt and say that it
probably was that bad I mean no some
people actually enjoyed listening for
the actor who played Sulu sing terrible
country song
and we get on the road again okay yeah
that's pretty tough about number two hi
honey I'm home
so the premise of the show is that
Hitler wasn't upstanding to who had
Jewish neighbors
the show was not surprised when he met
with a ton of paper was pulled after the
first 20 minutes that it Eric which is a
bummer because there were so many good
jokes in it you may be big stuff in
Germany but I knew you and you were just
a house painter boy this is going to be
some night ha ha ha ok no what the fuck
thought this was a good idea I forget
something you don't turn into a sitcom
Matt this walk is terrible look on the
bright side
400 miles will finally be outside the
white man the press of rain you're right
but oh god no oh no I think no if white
is on my way man
you're getting left on the Trail of
Tears
getting wrecked on the Trail of Tears is
filmed in front of a very uncomfortable
studio audience that was obviously less
offensive in this show but you can even
tell that the studio audience didn't
know how to react you unfeigned one
little country everyone danya back
ha ha ha ha funny joke am I allowed to
laugh at this but as expected the show
was pulled after its initial airing in
1990 and fortunately never put back on
the air I was so invested though I
wanted to see episode 2 real bad that
was a joke I don't I don't want to see
number 3 the Annoying Orange show us how
that was based off the YouTube video
series started in 2009 the high fructose
adventures of the Annoying Orange was
canceled surprisingly after 60 episodes
over two seasons ah 2009 with a strange
time of YouTube where people thought
that incredibly annoying things rural
areas I could hear the mammoths with
these things I could I could kill King
Kong with these sharp ass nipples yeah
whatever the show's two-year run
apparently only 8 to 11 year olds
watched it and only 2.5 million people
ever watched it for episode using the
excuse of this show is really only
intended for children doesn't make it
any less
like Dora the Explorer was intended for
children but I still watch that shit I'm
just incredibly invested to see if that
motherfucker Swiper ever will stop
swiping hello I don't think I've ever
hated fruit but this show legitimately
makes me want to stab an audience to
death yeah ha ha who are you ok
Jesus Christ my number four is turn on
the sounds like a show about learning
someone's fetishes and trying to turn
them on on live TV which actually sounds
like a great show was actually
apparently about nothing do the tell is
basically the equivalent of the ten
hour-long YouTube videos of Legolas
saying he's taking the hobbits eyes and
go to God God God God
I like the others on this list to show
which was first aired in Ohio of 1969
with canceled and pulled off the air
just 11 minutes into the episode the
owners of the TV station were just like
ya know despite the terrible reviews
actors from the show went on to talk
about hilarious failure years later
saying it was way ahead of its time I'm
not sure even if you thought the day
that maybe that time is also past but
only a number 5 is done comedy the
presence of dark comedy was the combined
humor with the internet which at the
time of his first aired in 1999 was
practically brand-new
would that be an early so knew your
target audience for the show is really
small don't people just had no idea what
the hell was going on what are they
talking about so gotta focus speaks in
riddles quest part spot what what did
you think I don't know my skin hurts
although I didn't think of the year 2000
was that long ago but when I see web
sites that were around in 2000 it looks
like the most ancient shit I've ever
seen I said I can get this down as a
fucking old job when I was your age our
websites look like this well I got we
had to connect to the internet by first
earring dude I better stop it anyway and
you thought that the rating of secret
talents of the stars was bad well guess
what doc already rated a two point five
out of seven holy shit just to put that
into perspective the Jersey Shore was
rated a 3.5 out of that so somehow this
show was worse than looking at cookie
space for a 30 minute straight is that
even possible be worse enough then this
episode of what the fuck sighs hopefully
this video tickles your fancy
tickler back ok but if you did like this
video make sure to give it a like and
also subscribe to the channel as there
will be more every single week also this
video was suggested from one of you
viewers out there so thank you so much
for leaving suggestions in the comments
down below I go through and check out
all of this so if you have any
suggestions for shit I should talk about
in the next book about 5 go ahead and
leave those in the comments Valentich so
guys hope to be sure to check out my
channel at youtube.com slash Captain
Dennis I don't know why I keep pointing
up there because I think the annotation
is right here so click there and not up
there because it's backwards if you
click up there I'm pretty sure there's
nothing there might be like a tiny
picture of a bird but that's what's
nothing so just don't look there did you
click there anyways okay that's like
that's it guys we'll see you next time
for another one spot 5 thanks for
watching and fare win
