on the first date what I do and if I
have to see what their reaction is
better be good I'll see like oh what are
you into and I'm like New York memes I
don't like what and then I show them my
favorite one and it's from Celebrity Big
Brother and it's only go New York what
do you think of Gemma and you go mmm
Gemma is a fact you my life hey guys yep
it's another day in my life and it's
super entertaining super interesting and
super fun right now I am on my way to
the kitchen to grab some nom noms and
then after I eat all those lit snacks
and I get my stomach all shook I'm gonna
be heading out to have dinner with my
BAE but before that we got to figure out
what we're gonna eat so I'm thinking we
will either break into this Starbucks
gingerbread house or one of these 12
bars of chocolate oh so hard let's do
both I think just kitty I'm not gonna do
both I'm actually just going to take the
icing gingerbread house which is
conveniently already open and then we
were just went you squeeze new year new
me oh my god what am i doing hold on
whack perfect 2017 here I come I'm
kidding I would never eat that literally
ever in my entire life but it is a new
year and this is a new me no same old me
I'm always gonna be the same
will I ever change no anyways I thought
it might be fun if I did some type of
like week in my life where maybe I just
film random clips every day put it all
together and see how depressing it is so
what inspired me to do this week in my
life a video was I've been watching a
lot of like vlogger girls you know all
the White House girls on YouTube were
like hey guys Starbucks and Panera then
luck palm quit DPN then after my five
Auto Coto toasts I'm gonna come back and
work on my computer and then I'm just
gonna lay my big white bedroom with my
marble everything and call it a night so
I just kind of want to become them and
I'm slowly doing that let me show you so
yeah I got my mobile phone case and
honestly I could not the marble phone
case with
marble laptop cave so like yeah let's
head over to star B's and picking up a
SAP and then we're gonna do some fun
editing on one of my videos my life is
really hard I edit a lot and when I'm
not editing I'm filming when I'm not
filming I'm sucking a dick and when I'm
not sucking your dick my life is just
fucking hard
come on the journey so yeah I would try
my hand at being water listen no beauty
bloggers would do that angle but I need
a basic pitch so I'm gonna do it yes we
bout to start our week so tonight I
think me and the bay are gonna go to
dinner and then that's what's happening
so stay tuned first drink of the new
year okay what's your resolution work
smarter not harder that's boring
give me like lose weight stop eating
alone on the couch afore I am stop
smelling the dogs but comparing it to
your own like something good what's
yours stop jerking off into my socks
stop jerking off into your sauce
honestly judge you're got more Happy New
Year
come on new year's resolution I don't
have any because I feel like when I want
to change something I do when the board
of people that like go to the gym for
the first two weeks of the new year me
so you're gonna stop jacking off into a
saw for a week not even like a day you
have visitation I have a whole jackoff
station there's Lube there's a towel
there's my laptop Uno watches me from
her crate and judges it's really fun you
should join that should be a resolution
ha hey guys update it is the next night
and I have a surprise I got myself a
beauty vlogger camera to continue my
beauty blogger lifestyle this is for all
my Instagram pictures just look at this
it has a fucking oh bitch the only
problem is you can't see yourself a few
film and I don't think it does video
that's not a problem that's a miracle I
don't see myself and it doesn't do video
it only does skinny pictures hello
so we're just going on photo chips now
that's what I like to become guys check
out the pictures we just took we had a
photo shoot it was pretty fucking
glamorous
wow that was really bad I should quit
okay guys it's next night we are at the
Santa Monica Pier continuing my beauty
blogger lifestyle because I feel like
all the beauty bloggers come here they
take pics on the pier
they take pics on the ferris wheel they
get a churro and they don't actually eat
it they just like lick it and then like
throw out the trash which is what I
should do I won't so I'm really excited
to take some pictures and lose all my
money guys I just won this because I'm a
fucking Queen my fucking icon I'm
fucking iconic I know I'm gonna try my
hand at basketball because I am really
sporty I'm the beauty blogger but I'm
also a planet
do you think I'm gonna do it did not
seem this isn't even for you as for uno
I still want it
you're only doing one shot I only need
one shot that wasn't very beauty vlogger
I only need one shot because one shot is
gonna fuck me up
that Taco Bell is lift
I'll go home all right so it's the next
day and I am about two films and videos
that you guys are probably already seen
but I need help because I'm an idiot and
I have no idea how blowtorch works so
Garrett's gonna come over and help me
figure it out so I don't blow up my
house that was a ghost for those of you
who don't believe me and all the people
who say you're doing it for attention
Shane there's not a real ghost Newhouse
Shane did you hear the demon crawling up
the walls you know let me give you a
closer look
demon you hear I mean he's literally
dabbing on the ceiling he's doing all
over my house he just Superman and
demons haven't done that for ten years
okay I don't know any of the hot dance
moves all I'm saying is that the demons
gonna kill me so by where there is food
there's a Garrett I'm impressed oh that
actually looks good to you good well
just check out this over here so I
bought a cake my video and then I picked
at it well I I guess just this once
and every time I come over here and eat
a bunch of dumb shit it's like a Twinkie
it's like the consistency between key
with like the the levels of like a
caramel latte would like also some kind
of like a butterscotch don't even know
but it's so how's the blowtorch going
this what I'm doing right here I'm a
beauty vlogger now i vlog my every day
of my life can you do an instruction
I'll do the background music hey pigs
I'm here with my friend and we are up in
what music know their music is like
first of all if it was bog miss the
music would be like since a baby yeah
and then it cuts to some mics girl she's
just like hey guys haven't put on my
make up yet like that's it I did watch a
really boring girl today when I was
looking up who was she
there she is drag her drag the bitch to
the mud grab her and drag her it was
next to me you're like
we are we not filming any of that listen
we might not have been filming that you
guys listen what we did was I just recap
I show to my camera I took a picture
because as you guys know it makes people
look super human them where they are
there's your my kitchen cabinets you
don't know what's behind you it's dark
oh and basically I took a picture of him
to show him how much better he looks on
my camera
look see didn't you look pretty
I liked a lot better than I really do
yeah yeah cuz look at how he looks now
right ready like you like oh my god
gross trash and then with that picture
you look beautiful
you're going to kill it on tinder and
all the apps oh I had the duck move
connect show you an interaction I knew
that I guess please grab it now I scream
captive because it's not so much of an
interaction is just this there's no what
okay wait can I show with that I think
I've raised a little face
so you can just see a lot of good things
and Garrett never Rebecca so it's you
assess right I'll be here okay you'll be
all right
I'll be here good evening how are you
tonight one more day later hey two days
later two days after that now he's going
every two days good morning
well there's more Oh what can we just
right that guy's look I know that I'm at
I know that I'm a tool I know that this
is not like a good thing to do if
someone's not responding after thirteen
thousand messages probably just give up
the gun right
really bad well I'll tell you who what
his name is Eric sorry you can't drag oh
well thanks for helping with the bullet
torch you did nothing
hey guys welcome back to week in my life
um hopefully you've been enjoying the
fucking crazy times with me in the sky
but um it's coming to an end but I
thought the fun way to end this vlog
would be to do like a what happens miss
oh because that's like all the gurus do
you know are you ready he's just eating
up all the food for my videos it's not
good it's going to kill him oh no why
are you so much like your dad okay so
what I got for Christmas
um okay I did not play in this at all
also you know looks sadder than anything
has ever been why are you so bored of me
love me love me show them how much you
love me show them how much you love me
oh okay you're only doing that because I
taste like food okay so what I got for
Christmas if any of my friends are
watching this which they're not if I
forgot to show your gift I'm sorry this
is not playing oh I'll start here okay
so Garrett got me some of my favorite
movies he got me just like heaven was
just fucking everything also he got me
my favorite show of all time strangers
with candy and also she's the man which
by the way it would probably be
problematic if it came out right now in
2017 but I don't care I Stan it uh well
you know got me nothing nothing just a
pile of shit right on my pillow with a
big bow made out of more shit asshole
oh my mom got me this it's really cute
it's a little picture frame that says
the lottery and it has the date that my
short film was released my brother got
me this really cool blackjack table
which is just fueling my addiction for
gambling so that's not good I already
showed you what Garrett got me he got me
that pillow of Hoonah which is so cute
Oh Rylan okay so he got me some really
awesome stuff the best thing he got I
mean I still need to put it together he
could he got me a fucking oj bitch if
you don't know what a bad day is well
then your ass need to clean it it's
basically a toilet seat that has a
fucking remote control I mean listen my
bowels have so many movements that they
need batteries my bowels
cannot turn off no matter how many times
I drive
No so this basically is a toilet seat
and then like a thing comes out and it
sprays your asshole with water like
fucking my ass is always thirsty so
perfect quenching my thirst okay what
else okay let's go up to the bedroom now
he wants to join the party what are you
doing where you going are you gonna shit
on my clothes he fucking hates me nope
are you shitting on my clothes honestly
it wouldn't you be able to tell the
difference okay I don't know if I showed
you guys this already but Riley guy made
his calendar and everyone know every
month oh my god so cute but there's like
four months in a row where he's just
taking shit everything just locked in a
prison where did it go no are you
shooting under the bed are you trying to
make another month in the calendar my
mom got me some folks one of which is
like this really scary book I'll never
sleep again it's all about Wes Craven's
movies so I love that I love having
nightmares and then um let's see ooh
Brian I got me this bamboo thing where
basically you get water and then you
like brush it on this here let me just
show you so basically you can write
whatever you want and it's like a
drawing that is the weirdest dick oh my
god
that's not even a dick what is that ah
that's a demon oh my god I just made a
fucking demon bitch Wow
I'm a fucking artist are you show them
how much you love me find you want more
food fine I'll give you three meals
tonight oh and drew got me a bunch of
shirts with Ashlee Simpson lyrics on
them this one says you make me want a la
la there's a pieces of me one uh
it's everything um there were some more
gifts Rylan got me a few more really
sweet things but they're kind of
personal but it was honestly honestly I
know this is cheesy it was probably the
best Christmas I've ever had and it was
really really great and I have so many
great people in my life that I
I'm just so happy and uh now you want to
come say hi hi baby
he was like I heard you was getting
sappy and emotional okay I'll come join
the party oh no it's just been great and
I'm just really happy so there guys go
hopefully you enjoyed this weird vlog it
was like kind of a week it was like five
days I don't really know but if you want
me to do more vlogging let me know down
the comments give me a thumbs up if you
want more vlogs I don't know I'm kind of
out of the loop I don't really vlogs in
a while so hopefully this was
entertaining or interesting or not
depressing cuz that would be great and
also subscribe to my channel right down
below cuz I mean do videos every fucking
day and I will see you guys tomorrow who
know what is wrong I swear to God listen
I swear to God when the camera's not on
me and we're cuddling he's all over me
he's licking me we're having fun and
when the camera turns on he's over it
he's like I'm not here for this vlogging
lifestyle he's not a princess tard he's
a casein I step and he's done he needs a
break
you guys we'll see you tomorrow look yes
yeah whoa whoa whoa oh my god it's still
going still going strong wow that is
beautiful
that's everything okay that's a fire
that's an actual that's okay that's bad
