hey let it be guys yes today we're to be
talking about another one of the most
haunted locations in the world so this
location is actually very close to my
house so later in the video me Drew and
Garrett are going to go explode
ourselves before we do that let me give
you some background on why it's so hot
so the place I'm talking about is the
famous Roosevelt Hotel in the hall the
hotel was built in 1926 and it was meant
for the most rich and famous people in
Hollywood some of the guests I would
stay there were Marilyn Monroe Charlie
Chaplin Clark Gable pretty much every
huge star at the time now throughout the
years the hotel became less popular
famous people didn't really stay there
anymore and it kind of got rundown now
in the mid 80s they put twelve million
dollars into restoring those now when
that happened supposedly that's when it
became haunted now a lot of paranormal
experts have a theory that if you
restore an old location where a bunch of
people that are now dead used to stay
the spirits get happy and they want to
come back and live there again and one
of those spirits is Marilyn Monroe
herself now Marilyn Monroe and loved
ones felt she lived there for two years
of her life so the fact that she would
go back there to visit after she died
isn't really a surprise now it's not
just famous people that haunt this hotel
it's a lot of poor people too now the
theory is that a lot of the poor people
that couldn't afford to stay at the
hotel and it was really popular came to
the hotel after they died because they
didn't have to pay to get so the hotel
it's pretty much haunted by all people
but one of the most infamous ghost is
Montgomery Clift it is said that he is
haunting his old room which was 928 and
supposedly people have seen his body
standing outside of his hotel room in
the hallway and night school and when
you're on the ninth floor you get a
feeling like you're being watched
the hairs on the back your neck stand up
you feel colder and feel like there's
somebody right behind now many people
have encountered
family psychics have stayed in the rooms
and they all claim that they saw
apparitions sitting in a chair in the
corner of the room while they woke up
like they would wake up from their sleep
and see this man and a lot of people
that stay there say that they will not
stay in 9:28 because we know now as most
of us know Marilyn Monroe had a pretty
rough ending of her life she sounds to
drugs and alcohol and just a lot of a
pitfall to say but before all of that
happened she had the best time of her
life in the Roosevelt which is why she
came back and people say that she is
haunting her old suite which is sweet
1,200 now people say that you can see
Marilyn standing in the mirror staring
at you in her sleep now there's one room
that is supposedly the scariest and that
is room 213 now into 13 many many people
have left the room in the middle of the
night they have basically presented the
pose of me there is a ghost who has no
head and he stands over you get the
cheese he also turns on faucet turns on
the TV and makes loud noise remotely now
it's not just these three rooms that are
haunted the whole hotel has crazy
paranormal entities supposedly in the
middle of the night you can see ghosts
roaming the halls phones are just lifted
off the receivers and the creepiest is
if you're walking in the hall
dear children and this isn't just like a
theory this isn't something that we're
saying well maybe it isn't it's pretty
much every single person that works
there claims that they have seen it goes
everybody that keep it clean see seen a
ghost
so here is what we are going to look
we're going to look at all the mirrors
around the hotel we're going to try to
find Marilyn's room and become we're
going to go into one of the most haunted
bathrooms in the hotel to see we're
going to try this eclipses room and to
13 with a headless ghost we're going to
be taking a lot of pictures because
supposedly you can capture orbs web
camera and the creepiest is if we can
get up there supposedly the room is
extremely haunted it's really hard to
get up there well maybe air can get us
out there so without further ado okay
guys we are in the car on the way to the
road above hell are you excited very
excited I'm still hungry even though we
just say you literally have like 5 meals
you know and I drew leftovers food just
enough for you I thought hey okay so I'm
really excited because I called an iBook
room 213
which is most haunted room in the hotel
Jory you excited you mean you're excited
cause you call there preserve our I've
actually never been more excited about a
video that we've done together period
more so in the car anything the
Roosevelt Hotel going to my favorite
place Hollywood I love Hollywood I do
for real no no I know I'm really excited
we're all excited because I feel like
we're actually going to see some crazy
shit I also want us to try to talk
employees there because they've
definitely seen some shit but I feel
like they're not going to be allowed to
talk loud even stop to make first
actually I had an idea that we go to
just turn it but we're going to this
well we're going to get like talk oh
okay I would actually love that
interesting app like oh you are gonna
say if she is getting a gown okay we are
getting close to the hotel it started
raining which I love it makes everything
scarier
the building is actually pretty creepy
though
okay so we just check into place health
and I wasn't recording image I don't
want to in trouble but the guy working
here said he said that on the ninth
floor they get call you got like twenty
calls and like an hour and there was no
and they had security look at the
cameras and no one at all
he also said that people get so scared
staying here that sometimes they sleep
in almalik just didn't want to be a long
time ago all right here we go oh sorry
wait wait there's no 4 - yeah there's no
floor trees no there's not why is there
not a fart - actually a scary oh wait is
it em again Jared you want to start wait
what ain't this was a prank
gotcha wait this music expensive anthem
or anyway I don't know if I don't I'll
be taking it for the ghost round send it
where that is not - oh I don't what is
this okay so we haven't found the second
floor but we did find the creepiest
fucking door and the creepiest fucking
hallway ever
where are wait wait no no no because I'd
only get trouble I don't think we're
supposed to be
oh there's candy wait don't take the
candy that's for ghosts candy wait
there's mirrors aren't we supposed to
look in the mirrors see if we see any
ghosts all I see is ugly things you
don't like
okay so supposedly this is the hallways
here the boilers spinning like in a
separate part of the hotel oh my god
another meet like a random near the
ghosts are everywhere there's a picture
of Maryland so supposedly she's haunting
these halls this mirrors on the ceiling
there really is mirrors everywhere
mirrors right there waiting to sell room
right knock knock again knock again
don't they like the tub oh you write
this and well imagine oh okay all right
let's buy the same okay I don't forget
to get the key I just think okay
oh my god here we go
we're free on ok this feels like we're
gonna get murdered tonight oh my god
Oh mirrors everywhere oh my God look at
all the mirrors the whole room is one
big mirror for this is scary for a lot
of reasons I'm not likely
ok so I don't sleep in front of my
mirror because I did it like demons and
spirits travel through mirror so you
can't sleep in front of I'm serious
and so I don't keep them from I'm here
in my apartment so this is very scary
have fun let's look at the back oh my
god I did not expect to see who they
give a shit out of him
Wow I mean it's a cool room I guess if
you like scary room this will be on a
shower
run ooh I mean I like the minibar I'm
alright with that
wait what does it say we want to thank
you for choosing historical I might go
home with it is someone basic stuff time
you guys wanna hear the smoking policy
so like I know we did joking and
laughing assessment honestly these
determine give you a real weird life it
almost feels like something's pressing
on my chest feels very like intense and
cold and like making me panic a little
bit
also the mirrors are making me
uncomfortable also what is this evil oh
I just use this bathroom and look how
creepy this is there's like smoke coming
out of the light oh okay so Garrett
brought some go touching tool and you
can show up okay you can go start doing
something material are these so first of
all can I tell you guys the room 2 1 3
with Jeffrey Dahmer's room
why why is scary as hell for like ever
like he loves it here no no it's not
this room in Milwaukee his apartment wow
that's I am a serial killer stay here no
what does it feel scary because he
called head there's a headless spirit
which is why I brought this little
dolphin because every spirits look for
their head if we bring a head maybe
he'll be like that's what I want okay
also I hate to say this person me okay
okay and then okay another thing that I
brought well I went to start and this
fellas had to bring spear oral so we
have a little
stones that just one yeah but it's
powerful she said and then the other
blah blah
I just brought spirits like line because
it gives me a drink oh my god well okay
no I actually brought us some paint with
it okay yeah bring that out if you go
why did you'll be like that's not going
equipment but yes it it's well we're
gonna do even pee oh because um yeah I
did a lot of research on it and they
said like a multi directional mic is the
best thing and this is my study so we're
going to be cold
reporting scarcity several my computer
can query what other spirit things red
green did you download a ghost software
oh I know
entry guys heard this before but to
bring spirits you have to have candles
honey they're a try whoo like when I get
my grandma for Christmas okay so we also
have a camera because we are going to
take some pictures because I guess when
we take pictures you can capture reward
you eternal holy oh that's a good idea
alright wait let's test the camera here
drew anything I mean she looks good take
a picture of this about that see it yes
try writing here we go yeah go take some
pictures here and take a picture like
right at me all right so let's review
some of these pictures actually know
what take one in that bathroom because
that bathroom was fucking trippy and
there's like smoke coming out of the
wall whew okay so we got all the
pictures now we are reviewing them to
see anything out of the ordinary to see
any orb as you in the world we really
we're a weekend at Sonora it's like a
really good one too because there's no
flash or anything like created in at
that weight that's in the bed and they
say that in room 213
he stands over you and watches you oh
yeah that must be a really good war and
that's exactly where it would be that's
like that looks like a sphere like an
actual sphere weight than you know was
to do we should set up the microphone on
the bed and that's what he is
- nuts
your podcast uh okay we just came to the
bedroom and there's like weird wetness
on the ceiling but it's not coming from
anywhere what is that oh yeah see oh we
touch it okay oh my God if that's blood
I'm out
ahh what is it monster you hear boys
like that mighty question it was
actually wet oh I hate that what is it
smell it I just really smell like much
but you I'm just touching a liquid on
the top of the hotel room
look it's of it how could I get up there
like it's not leaking so like how did it
look at me Vic whatever it is god it's
like splattered wait is it ghosts plasma
I don't know what that is it could be
girls all right let's set up some
candles around this bed okay so we are
setting up a little candle station over
here because just like a trope in movies
this is like a real thing they say that
lighting candles control spirits that's
why I saw like candles are always in
temples and churches okay guys I just
took more pictures and I took a picture
of the ceiling where the witness was and
look how big that orbit and there's no
room below it and like that's like legit
like I'm not like fucking with it that's
like actual and those are just like you
can see things inside of those orbs you
know like some people try to just call
off like layers of white orbs but thank
you crazy yeah because I just took the
same picture in the same location
there's no horse wait guys it's 719
that's my birthday I feel like every
time we do one of these other videos
weren't that weird but always my
birthday kind of okay so the microphone
is set up so basically what we're going
to do is Drew's going to get off of his
Instagram he and does and we are going
to turn on my phone and ask some
questions which are all right
women's room so I guess just press your
corner so I guess we should start with
you know just like is there somebody in
this room what's your name
do you want us to leave
do you want us to die what Jaime this is
a leading question we ask something did
anyone die in this room looking dull
heads turn
alright let's ask a final question I
think it should be from Drew do you feel
disrespected
each alright let's listen to the audio
back and three of you because there a
way to like turn it up super loud
somebody in this room wondering do you
want us to leave he wants to die
did anyone dies feel disrespected okay
so we didn't hear anything in the audio
so if it doesn't want to talk to us but
we still got Wars is there anything else
we should do to c4 something I think we
should turn off all the lights
eating the candles and just lay in the
bed yes - and I angry to let the audio
play like record alright let's do it
okay I'm going to lay right where the
orb was supposedly asleep hearing you
stand over you watches
caution initiated lectures I just took a
few pictures okay wait it's right over
my head right you see that it was it
it's great oh that's it sit right there
I'm about walk
that's good pushing are you mad that
we're in your bed okay honestly I'm not
just saying this like pretend like this
is scary or something but I feel like
super weird and like my chest feels
weird you know that organ is good okay
so if we should looking back to the
recordings uses anything on it now you
know
yeah we're sort of late traffic was okay
wait it's like a really tiny wisp wait
and cut it out and then let's like layer
it okay right guys I tried to layer it
so you could hear it more but if you
listen close you can hear come here
right
that's weird it sounds like a man and
then a woman nothing so often an EVP
like people repeating things so we're
just changes around I mean definitely
sounds like coming down here so there's
also a part in the clips where you can
hear like a bump and when you hear a man
whispering I'm not as I saw whispering
on the whole time so that's the boat
yeah like that sounds like get out right
so if you listen to me I'm saying we're
gonna listen back to the recording and
then listen to what happens right after
I say that one speaks over that's all I
get out I just don't have to do it all
over you saying that no manager doesn't
sound like you
for sure wasn't me okay so the cot or
with those fucking pictures and then
literally Kristen with each other to get
out but I'd say this is going well it's
also terrifying but now because we want
to scare ourselves even fucking more
weird with a nice floor which is the
most haunted floor we're on the ninth
floor
this is supposedly the most haunted
floor it's almost like it was focus on
me I'm good
no don't answer it because I'm the hotel
people pick up it works this completed
in 293 on this one turn on the flash is
the creepiest hallway I remember it was
like what da fuck
Wow
true go in sure reason then whoa whoa oh
yeah no no no I gotta go I gotta go I
gotta go I just looking out and gosh I
don't know
what is he doing
my god I'm all about finding ghost ain't
trying to get arrested Internet stupid
crime what was it that was like 90
diminished 60 years decrepit and garbage
everywhere inside of the hotel it was so
scary though module stripped of their
paper did you get pictures yeah did you
don't choose but it was really spooky
okay guys we're back in the room but lay
off floor the hooks a little bit and
that it was fucking creepy we saw a
little dungeon that's fucked up so
here's the plan I'm gonna go home
because I'm scared what you fuckers are
actually going to spend the night here
mm-hmm you guys are going to spend the
night in a haunted hotel room probably
in the world so have fun all right I
know you're going to record your journey
mm-hmm we're going to do or you like
well you're not candid conversations
about ghosts we're going to explore the
hotel we're going to try to find a
ballroom and all this drew Monson here
if he's game's droopy you get a little
tired I mean also okay all right so I'll
put a link there look you guys need to
watch that video over on your channel
good luck I hope you guys don't die cuz
I love you and I'm gonna go home to my
nice not haunted actually no my haha
there you guys go
hopefully you enjoyed that creepy video
if you did and you want more videos
about the exploring concert locations
please do this video thumbs up filling
them also subscribe back down going to
my channel because I make new videos
every day
I think you want to do the other videos
is mean to in here it more important
locations I'll put a link to a playlist
ripstop in description below alright you
guys I will see you tomorrow
one two three oh my god yeah bit fucking
burn this burn oh my god that felt so
good
oh did I feel good guys are so good to
me
