this is not gonna end well that's a
fuckin blowtorch that's kind of cute I
kind of love that hey guys
yeah this is the worst idea anybody's
ever made this is just another example
of why I need to stay away from the
trend like I know you guys are
uncomfortable when I use the word shook
and lit I know nobody wants to see me
dab but this trend is something that
really should stay away from because
it's not just cringy it's dangerous so
dangerous that I'm wearing protective
goggles also protection for Mainers w
haven't heard there's a trend going
around where you take a fucking at night
and then you take fucking below porch
and you make the knife so hot that it
can just fly through any object like
fucking butter and you have to wear
these like special gloves so you don't
cut your fingers off with a burning hot
knife
what the fuck if you do become okay so I
am actually very terrified
I'm really nervous but let me show you
all the object that I'm gonna cut so
first I have this bitch who I can't
stand she is Pilates Barbie nobody asked
for that her hair can we get oh fuck
look at those beachy waves like oh she's
so pretty I'm not talking about you
bitch I'm talking about her then I have
a croc because I mean come on like why
why why why why why bye also I have me
and me again
also we have this fucking guy I don't
know who he is but oh I can't wait to
cut into his fat head also this bitch I
don't know who she is but she is so
pretty oh just imagine that face cut
open with a hot-ass knife oh this
challenge was made for me also we have a
bunch of crayons I tied them up in like
a bundle because I thought that would be
more fun also if you are kidding you own
one of these fuck you you are not better
than me you're not cooler than me yeah
you might have more money than me but
that doesn't mean anything
fuck you nobody needs mini-grants nobody
there's not that many colors in the
world bitch also this box doesn't even
have a fucking oh it does have a
sharpener fuck you
oh we have this big gummy bear thing
which I'm really excited to cut into
because I hate him
I think that's it is that it I went her
I just want to cut in her because
honestly I just want to eat it there
anything else I can cut oh I just got an
idea you know you want to see this
hundred degree knife would not be sad if
you went yes uh I don't blame them
okay first I will just show you guys how
dangerous this is and how fucking hot
this blows fortunes and I'll try to
figure out a way to do that and then I
came up with one we're gonna blow this
bitch man oh my god
okay Queen are you ready oh my god um oh
fucking excited here we go
one two three oh my god yeah bitch
fucking burn this burn oh my god that
felt so good
oh did I feel good guys oh so good to me
now let's do a little bit more ah yeah
Quinn ah this is great but the nice
thing let's just do a blowtorch Falcons
cool this is good let's cook up a little
bit oh yeah there we go oh this is great
because it's like she's like no please
stop and then I'm like oh I'm sorry I
couldn't hear you blow torches on ah oh
my god yeah oh oh this is satisfied you
know there's many other people cutting
up and stress for like isn't it
satisfying bitch no this is
haha okay all right we're done
oh my God look at her weave oh she is
gone or I bet you know what the knife
isn't hot but I bet it will cut right to
her face oh my god
yeah oh my god ah this is the best day
of my life
this is it bye oh I can die happy now oh
my god
oh fuck you bitch let's just decapitate
the bitch ha ha ha ha oh my god how am I
not a serial killer I don't know ok so
let's get to the judge I got distracted
by murder so first I have to heat up the
knife with the blowtorch when you put on
my gloves all right here we go
this is not gonna go well oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh this is such a bad idea
ok alright 1 2 3
is it working I think it's working
oh my god look at three minutes okay
okay let's keep this work fuckin get
into this bitch here we go oh my god oh
my god okay here we go
one two three oh wow oh my god
Oh oh my god I breathe it in that was
that idea oh my god that that made me
high not actually that I'm dead woah
look at that holy shit woah oh my god
that's fucking everything look her head
it's smoking oh my god look your fucking
eyes look at her fucking eyes oh oh my
God look at that one switching yes I was
fucking twitching oh my god oh my god it
has been a rough day for this bitch oh
my god she's done that is like a fucking
snapchat filter from hell woah oh my god
oh my god LLL telll Have Eyes Queen huh
oh my god oh my god let's see what her
insides look like let's just like open
up this bitch's head whoa can you see
that look at her fucking head fucking
empty me current mood always oh my god I
love this I'm going to turn this into
like a candy dish or even just like
all eat cereal out of it all of this is
amazing okay let's do something else all
right let's do these crayon oh my god ah
whoa
fuck oh my god oh my god going through
all of them oh my god oh that's so
beautiful
oh wow I want pretending this is all the
kids at school that had these cool
crayons oh and I'm just cutting them up
bitch oh my god they're rich asses
didn't even see a calming bitch ah oh
wow oh my god oh oh this is art this is
art okay okay I need more I need more oh
you know what hold on now I just kind of
want to blowtorch them why not oh yeah
oh that's beautiful
oh I just ruined my table Oh Oh No okay
bonfire okay the crayons on fire okay my
tables ruined okay but it's worth it
right guys No okay oh my god just Kranz
and fucking chunks of dolphin if the
cops came right now bye okay let's do
this fucker yeah I'm gonna go right
through a stupid head he's kind of cute
though oh well time to die here we go
mr. kitty here it come are you kidding
me we got through a whole box of crayons
we can't give you this fucking kitty oh
my god come on oh oh there we go oh
that's a shit oh my god yeah oh my god
right there is kitty brain Oh satisfying
oh that's good oh I love this okay you
know what I think what's happening is we
need a new knife because I have
completely ruined this one so I'm gonna
go grab another knife and we're going to
start cutting some oh shit alright here
we go I got a new knife let's cut into
this Nutella oh my gosh come on please
work oh fuck oh my god
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh oh fuck
that is a lot of chemical hold on okay
okay
Oh flip her over oh yeah yeah flip her
over
look I think I ruined this knife - damn
it how do people do these challenges
without ruining all their fucking nine
uh whatever it was so cool remember that
one moment that one second we're to
smoke him out that was cool right guys
all right let me get that a knife let's
squeeze the toy all right here we go oh
my god oh my god that's so fun
wait look okay wait oh yeah let's really
get in there Oh
bitch oh my god that's better than any
pimple popping video I've ever seen
Oh oh my god is everything ah okay okay
okay all right all right I got more
stressful eyes we're doing this get over
here piggy all right bye piggy oh my god
oh man I've never loved anything more
than this huh all that Piggy's dead oh
my god oh that was everything I think I
said this is everything five hundred
times in this video but I don't care
because this is everything all right
let's cut this crock all right bye crock
what the crux our indestructible no oh
there we go oh I just took a little four
oh yeah no there's still a destructible
damn it all right fuck it we'll just
blow torch oh there you go my crack
yeah yeah go to hell with Pilates Barbie
oh my god croc it's so good to see you
here like you're such a comfortable easy
to wear shoe welcome to hell let's hang
out oh my god
honestly don't I know what you guys want
and I'm gonna give it to you oh my god
yes bitch oh yeah whoa okay now I feel
gross now I feel weird now I feel like I
should stop okay so I have ruined three
knives these gloves my table and well I
did this to a Barbie so I feel like we
should stop but I will do the gummy bear
let me do that I just don't have any
more knives which is probably a good
thing all right let me go find a knife
and we're gonna make it happen all right
here we go
bye there yeah oh it's so good oh look
at all his blood oh this is good okay I
need to stop or I guys go hopefully you
enjoyed watching me cut through things
with a hundreds or thousands agreed nice
I don't know science all I know is I
like ruining things make sure to give me
a thumbs up if you want me to do another
one of these videos also leave the
comments down below letting you know
what else I should cut with a knife I
don't say myself stalkers
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below condemning the
videos every single day all right you
guys I will see you with a hot knife
tomorrow
okay all right let's just use the plate
as another hand battle life motto
having trouble unless she's the plate is
another hand and if you run out of hope
grab a fork
stop crying start eating
