guys holy fuck I just did a podcast with
no your oh it was a birthday of my whole
life how did you did you I came at all
I'm not so much fun thanks for having me
oh so anybody go I know I know I'm
wearing a hat again it's fucking back
bitch I was going to do my hair normal
knit but I was going to wash my face I
wasn't I wipe my ass with a moist
towelette and that's all you're going to
get because I am filming this on it's
Sunday and Sunday is the Lord's Day that
said gay that I can't go to church
because I'm sick today one must be
responding to all my emails but every
time I was I computer right of walking
like eight hours of something going
fucking bitch walking about her life I
lost a 45 year old woman talk about her
favorite candy for three hours and
that's why I'm using what Stella is that
should be my way
so yes I'm sorry I'm wearing a halogen
I'm not going to make this a thing this
is not how to sign breath what is my
brand
nevermind found it okay so let's get
started I am really excited because
today we're doing Burger King from
around the world no purse not want me to
say I'm not like the world's biggest
burgers and span I'm not a burger
cleaning but I don't have a problem with
her like I think she's fine like if
there was a burning building and like
Burger King was inside a Papa John was
inside and Ronald McDonald here too and
they're all like hanging out the windows
like maybe a lot of smoke was slowly
filling up there why wouldn't help in
you because that's like a lot of walking
there's a lot of stairs and if I
eventually did actually get out there I
would probably do some shit yes Joe's
like oh this really would and then they
would eventually just jump out and kill
themselves I don't know where I was
going with that but let's eat okay so I
did a lot of research on this I worked
really fucking hard on this one guys
you're going to see what I did now we're
going to start once again in Japan
I feel like I need another Japan quit
because we've already got that or you
never could get one like ten times
Elsa Japan yeah my let's go back to
rickey dillion just right okay so this
is called a mega Walker and it is Devon
oh holy fuck
blue in Japan would eat this listen not
to stereotype but I've seen Japanese
people they're very tiny they're sick I
can't see anybody in that country is
being dumb enough to eat this although
they probably made this for America
people they're like oh the tourists come
over like what some stupid shit we can
make sense oh I got it let's feasel fat
american fuck seven burgers and then
rickey dillion walked everybody goes
yeah yeah please me please oh my god
it's so heavy this is ridiculous okay
just look at this look at her angles she
is sick from all angles me and look at
her inside
oh you know I feel uptick low but it's
okay because it's like I wanted
experience or culture I'm going to eat
it
speaking of culture by the way if you
know in Japan they have fucking bars and
coffee shops fill the plug I'm not
kidding
look
that's pop garbage they also have a
monkey ball good
waters appearing have all the good shit
here in America all we have is an actual
monkey bar at a jungle gym that I can't
go on because I'll break it and we
definitely don't have a pub coffee shop
we just have a coffee shop full of
growth fucking pub gas looking people
all right here we go let's take a bite
of this mega whopper oh my god I mean
aim a better duo oh wait here we go one
tail straight
holy sir haha just like my weeks worth
of content it's a lot of crap Mike it's
not bad
it is a lot of nothing in any of you
rely so I've never been doing youtuber
live show I literally can't even imagine
what the fuck it is like as a youtuber
run out and he's like hey God welcome to
my water and then all the kids are like
oh yeah plus another youtubers like
alright put your hands up and join in
for Q & A what did what I'm sorry but
why is he gonna do with Q&A okay who are
the horse
what's all what hi
um if we just pay $200 to watch it QA
yes you did somebody help you with my
favorite flavor beautiful over here okay
yeah we're gonna go ahh
Shane Dawson coming us who are 2018 I'm
successes back here so humbly interrupt
later next food oh my god okay this one
I'm fucking ready for us Bullock
starters that's the same reaction I have
if I thought Ricky Dillon lives
you thought my ass is wet earlier bitch
have you seen superwoman
entrance in YouTube rewind she is
standing in front of my head
sorry typical woman I'll get you a moist
tell it okay here we go this next food
is from the UK
hold on I feel like we need to continue
with the youtuber trend we look at UK
youtuber oh let's just use the beginning
of so L is like vlogmas good morning
everybody and welcome to the mouth
movement
oh god I love that bitch I can watch her
do not like it which is what Marcus is
all right let's see this is a chicken
nugget burger
you heard me read it I said this is the
end-all be-all of food oh my god this is
if I have it or if I had a live show it
would just be this you'd be like okay
here's my $300 what does the VIP tour
get me it gives you a bite of this it
gives me food well in a shain fans
though I love it
oh yeah this is a burger patty with all
the burger fixes with chicken nuggets
instead of me well no it's not me well I
mean it is me cuz chicken nuggets what
no no that's not me whatever it's
fucking amazing ten of those barbecue
sauce dripping down the sides look at
all the fucking angles bitch once again
she's sick from all angles she's also
juicy which is not me because I'm steak
from all angles that I'm dry like I love
you see this but my face is falling off
can you see that oh there it is I hold a
piece of skin off my face today that's
this big yeah if you come see me on tour
all the see on stage ripping off my skin
here we go this thing about it oh my god
oh my god oh fuck
having trouble staying together okay
alright let's just use the place as
another hand battle life motto having
trouble in life she's been played is
another hand and if you run out of hope
grab a fork stop crying
start eating
alright here we go oh my god oh my god
can you get me muscle you can get some
of that oh my god so whatever all I know
you're probably begin I'm just guessing
look girl and the veganism for one day
and take a bite of it oh my god this is
amazing
this is incredible I don't know why are
we gonna have this Amanda you get UK
wait isn't that close it'll catch babe
you good you can wait if you in the UK
I'm confused why am I just talking about
YouTube personal video you should
edition I know this is amazing this is
incredible this might be one of my
favorite around the world items that
we've done because they cut it this way
it's not just a burger it's experience
you can just like hit out of it
take a nugget and then like take an
onion nobody would do that that's that's
where we're taught our way oh god it's a
tickle okay this is slowly slowly
turning back into a youtube live event
and I'd like my refund they just
finished the Q&A and now they're going
to challenge they are on the stage doing
a smoothie challenge and I paid $40 of
it if one of them doesn't diet for the
poisoning I want my money back
all right next item okay so this next
item is very suspect I'm not excited
about it and I also thought because it's
so fucking weird that it would be from
some like random country but no it is
from the US and I don't really know what
video clip the show to the US so it's
wrong this will youtuber kick I guess
I'll just show a clip up my favorite US
youtuber hi We're the calm hope I look
horrible run only just one by one bump
ha Trisha Paytas covering her face and
stay calm America okay
this is something I am NOT excited about
this is a bacon vanilla caramel sundae
why that does not look good I would
literally rather eat come out of Trish's
mouth which could be fun like a cute
bonding experience what are you and your
friends do I'll be like towards the
movies we like in on guys like sometimes
play what do you do about me and my
friend Trish first of all we get help
talkative a calm then we cover our body
with it and it would pair lips up to
each other books and below like faint
calm bubbles is they're really cute if
you want to come see us on tour we're
going to be doing a live version of it
where it is going to be a covered it's a
calming bubbles so see you there alright
let's give this a try oh listen I
sometimes get surprised in these videos
I think something to growth and then
it's not then I turn off the camera and
I continue to eat it I feel guilty
because I've eaten like a burger with 12
patties on it
I'm talking music so maybe this will be
good here we go okay
the bacon does not look ready okay all
right all right here we go okay okay let
me just start off by saying I see where
they were going with this
I see what they were going to war they
were going for like a sweet salty savory
meal and what they gave me was something
that tastes like it rough right I am
yes just like that it literally tastes
like frozen ashes I don't know I'm just
not feeling this I feel like it's wrong
I feel confused by it but this is the
same feeling I'm getting when I had a
crush on a boy when I was like seven I
was like wait a minute usually I only
have crushes on my mom what is this
strange new feeling and then I was like
well I guess I can have a crush on my
dad too
what I'm getting at is I only wanted to
suck my pear Nexus oh my god okay this
one ha I guarantee you have never seen
anything like this takes my clothes
thank you ready it's yeah I know we're
talking about the physics this is all
shit first of all this is once again
from Japan this is a blue berry and
blueberry jam burger it is a burger with
fucking blue haze and blueberry jam all
over it
look ah justjust look at her aah oh my
god aah
it's making me green face I would rather
that little girl for the ring fucking
cover me in her gross wet hair than he's
this wet hair is disgusting to me that
would be was a scary to me it was just
gross like why is this little growth a
blip is walking around and getting her
nasty wet tangled hair all over
everybody
I wasn't even afraid of the death part
or like you're going to die in seven
days I was like I was gray this nasty
little bitch we're going to call them
out I care gross dreadlocks fucking all
over my furniture if I swear to God if
this little bitch is from our leaves and
she goes home and I'm on my couch and
I'm like eating my meal and then I like
go down to pick something up and there's
a big nasty tango fuckin black out here
in my hand and I'm done you think your
appraisal well you will bitch you think
you're afraid of water and you're afraid
of your mommy who tried to kill you
bitch you're me you better get ready for
me after you leave your fucking ass
here in my drink don't even think about
leaving it on my toilets keep some
bitches do that and it fuck with me and
guess why they're dead and I'm not going
to wait seven days bitch you leave a
nasty tangled hair in my bed I'm going
to kill you now what am I talking about
oops alright let's try this I'm actually
kind of expected I love a blueberry jam
so random hi I'm white I love blueberry
jam I love apple pie and I love cold all
right here we go oh my god oh that looks
like a murder oh my god okay alright
here we go
oh fuck
I always thought about killing Barney
and eating him but I never eat I'm doing
here we go oh my god this is really good
oh my god like I can't explain it
because it shouldn't be going to split
in its like sweet and like crunchy and
weird
I like the burger need becomes like
sweet because of the blueberries this is
honestly crazy good I'm so confused by
its like when I see a kid on the talent
show like on TV and they're like a good
singer and I'm like how is that
five-year-old singing like when I was
bought all I was trying to do was poop
outside with the dog there's something
so freeing about squatting in your yard
and taking a dump as leaving it there
that's why I still do it I know this is
amazing I thought you loved this thank
you Japan Thank You Ricky Dillon just
thank you world Nexus oh okay we have
another item from Japan I'm not going to
play another video clip because we've
seen it up but this one is my biggest
nightmare like the idea of it sounded
like everything and then when you see it
you're like oh I want to go home I want
to go back to America this is a pumpkin
burger so basically it is a normal
burger that has did you hear that bitch
was that Japanese because I had never
heard that down in America
take a listen again
ah no why this is another name Japan was
like white people okay there chat and
their basic well we already got the
twelve patty burger pumpkins you know
all those fat white bitches love their
pumpkin spice lattes let's come out of
her and you know what they're right
because this is killing America oh my
god I'm not excited
pumpkin is something that way I get her
but like I don't need to hurt that much
she's what a friend you see like once a
year and then every time you see her
you're like bitch draw bigger let's see
alright here we go
oh my god oh jeez oh my god it's moment
so I just got this out of a can was I
supposed to do something to it what
we're doing okay here we go
I'm going oh my god oh my god
Oh Ana Birdman out his diarrhea look at
this look at this ah ah oh my god
if you haven't ink you draw one card hi
I just reenacted it hi welcome to my
live show today we reenacting two girls
one cup oh no this is gross I think this
is fucked up how do we you're just
supposed to eat pumpkin out of the can I
don't usually mix it was like sugar or
something
either way the texture is wrong oh okay
I'm done with that that's class no next
okay we have our grand finale I'm so
excited about this when I worked very
hard to make this what happened this is
first of all from Germany
okay you ready for this this is an
extra-long chili cheese jalapeno triple
burner holy shit
fuck damn I need it you know what fuck
the old iconic duo this is the new duo
can you name a fatter couple this is
incredible okay I got this from a bakery
bitch and then I got the three burgers
that I got chili and cheese and
jalapenos just look at the inside oh my
god killing it
oh my god this is like this is giving me
man versus food buy this is giving me
Guy Fieri thighs this is just like
everything okay I don't know how to eat
this I feel like we need to stitch in
half okay so let's just like oh my god
okay I'll get here you need two people
you need to see what's happening here oh
my god
I definitely could go grab a knife but
I'm fucking lazy so we're just going to
continue to destroy this sandwich
oh fuck oh my god oh my god okay so that
chili cheese on there oh my god okay all
right
oh she's ready though she's ready all
right here we go I'm so excited
Oh oh my god me off your goes with is
this everything about it the cheese the
fucking patties the fucking it mess of
it all just I just wish you guys were
here right now in this kitchen with me
eating all of this food and then like
once we say we're too full
we throw it away and then we make our
way back down to the kitchen at like
2:00 a.m. and we start eating it out of
the trash together
that's fucking French is old so come on
over I have a bucket stay calm and let's
just lose my trash why I got you so me
trying to put your everything from
around the world I hope you enjoyed that
I I did make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want more foods from
around the world and please subscribe to
the show on down below making videos
every fucking day and if you want to do
the other videos I did it up like taco
bell around world and I didn't Oliver on
the world health and a link to a
playlist as a couple in description
below alright on chicken nuggets I will
see you tomorrow bye you're going to
really like that and I really liked it
it was nice to just talk to you like you
are my service I'm going to be friends
but no service
