hey what if you died yes we are here
once again unfiltered unshowered and
unable to give a fuck about hygiene I'm
brushing teeth in four days
hi I did this video a couple guess it
was a couple weeks ago where I was
talking about why I wasn't YouTube
rewind and I'll just kind of be honest
and you know not really holding back and
not trying to like be funny and make
jokes and I don't know
and you guys didn't really like that and
I really liked it it was nice to just
talk to you like you are my service
sometimes a friend but no service it's
all funny a lot of youtubers are like oh
like you guys are my friends what you're
doing these acting friends and then they
starts like crying and talking about
like how they're mentally ill of me and
it's like when you really talk to your
friends like that I don't know I've
never been hanging out with a friend and
be like oh my god we should go to Jamba
Juice and they're like a halfway through
drinking my smoothie like by the way I
body dysmorphia like I'm never gonna
actually so we melted friends anyways um
what's up today I would talk about
testing speaking of crazy also my dog is
currently licking my legs so if you hear
like a sound there's my dog not me
depression does not make me horny well
we're getting to that weird oh so I'm
gonna quit house with hater you know is
there anything you'd let me talk about
what kind of just like hang out talk
about something unfiltered whatever and
I saw a lot of people I got to talk
about 2016 or talk about New Year's and
and I'll talk about that but one tweet I
got that made me laugh out loud was I
talk about why youtubers are so fucking
sad all the time so then I was like oh
like is this a joke or if you serious
and then I was like no wait this could
be an interesting video maybe because I
have some theories on it we all hate
ourselves by so I do notice a trend
not even a trend just everybody on
YouTube kind of attempts to have at
least one video where they cry or talk
about how depressed they are or their
problems that have more than others I've
definitely done a lot of them over the
past 10 years and I think ok amazing I I
have met a lot of youtubers and
youtubers are including results some of
the most miserable the home world I
think it's because most people who do
YouTube videos are outcasts or there
they were the weird one high school or
they were the weird one of their family
or their enough at social so they to
another camera you know they might not
have any friends and you know I would
start cleaning my house my burgers so
that's disgusting that one has a mouse
that's a person ah that something's not
real but I did it anyways yeah ok back
to you to rethink fucking gross is that
uh yeah a lot of youtubers are the weird
the weird people you know we're not the
cool kids I don't know Viner little cool
kids don't get me started
but like that so youtubers tend to be
introverted weird and then they turn on
our camera and they like kind of create
this personality that who they wish they
could have been in high school but they
weren't like I'll even have family
member said to me you know because it
really left them kind of quiet kind of
like to myself a little bit and family
members will be like so we're letting
your videos you're so like that but I
can realize you're celibate and it's
because when you turn on a camera
there's nobody around you can be whoever
you want to be so most youtubers aren't
even aren't even themselves in my videos
that much like you'll meet them in real
life and be like oh my god who are you
like you know they're sad and moping
around and quiet and they turn on the
camera and they're you know try and gray
tomatoes and make a wacky face is kinda
like Beyonce
this is snuff it's not like this is not
ideal you know be off they had like
alternate personality
um Tasha Pierce and she was I'm faded
she's like haha and then she comes out
stage and she's probably like quiet and
like chill so like I think it's similar
except she's severely rich nothing that
makes her happier but you know she had
the yacht so a lot of youtubers are kind
of the same way so there's that and also
I think a lot of these youtubers get
success and they you know start making
more and more more videos and I'm
speaking for myself too and because
youtubers kind of meet themself a little
bit
they were the weird kid they like don't
like themselves that much when you start
seeing so much of yourself it makes you
sick of yourself so like when I was
doing daily vlogs like five years ago
I would like post a blog make a sound
I'll post a blog Megan found this was
about me and I was starting to really
get sick of myself and like really hate
myself and not want to fucking see my
face anymore and anime music sorry
that's my alarm that goes off when I'm
being too real so no that was my mom and
she's like Shanee do you hate yourself
and I'm like ah not okay so I was
getting really sick of myself and I
noticed a lot of youtubers do that like
way too deep I for example now PewDiePie
is an interesting example I've never met
him in real life but he seems very
depressed because when I watched him I'm
like I relate his videos are very dark
then he talks a lot about being tired of
his self image YouTube this channel and
acquitted me over at this month and I
think you know the problem is when you
make that many videos and you're
watching yourself that much and you're
editing them and you're looking at your
face all the time it makes you want to
fucking kill that person so there's that
and then also you give the youtubers
money like let me get any nibble
literally what is that I just pull I
don't know what I just pulled out of my
chest here but welcome look it's like
some of these kids but still there will
be like 16 years old and they'll be
making YouTube videos and like Ohio or
something and then they become popular
and they become walkers making all these
followers and then they're like honing
in LA and then they move to LA and then
they become friends with all these other
youtubers who have been in LA for a
while who were all like kinda depressed
because life isn't that exciting when
you can buy whatever you want and then
you give that youtuber thousands and
thousands of thousands of dollars and
once they bought everything they wanted
and there's nothing left to buy they're
fucking depressed and I think it's a
weird thing where a lot of kids are like
oh you know maybe one day if I have
money I'll be happy I'm around the kid
and I was broke we were fucking poor
eating government food I was like oh my
god one day if I get rich I'm gonna be
so happy and I'm gonna have everything
I've ever wanted and then you grow up
and you know I found a lot of success
with YouTube think because of you guys
and because I worked really hard but it
didn't make me happier like having money
or being able to afford food or having a
pool or whatever didn't like make me
happier in a lot of instances it may be
sadder because the more things I bought
couldn't fill the hole inside of me that
I don't even know what it is probably
depression so that I can see a lot of
the youtubers who have meltdowns or
snapchat lyrics or Twitter beef with
people and you're like why are they so
miserable to hell of its money it's
because partly because I have all that
money
the more money you give a youtubers the
more depressing videos they're going to
make I guarantee you I know that sounds
really weird but it's true go to any of
your top youtubers favorite channels and
look through the videos and see as the
more popular they get and we're
depressing it like back when you look at
their old it is a happy in there like oh
this is great YouTube it's fun and then
like 200 Brandi later and like five blow
ups later they're like my fucking bad
life or they're making something else
okay like goodbye and are like lying is
like because when you kind of get
success and you want more you're like
what else
Komets problem so this is from Garrett
my friend here live here he got me a
pillow and you can see suzuna wine he
has somebody made a fucking uno pillow
isn't everything
what oh come here look let's do a
side-by-side my dog hates me so yeah I
don't know if that answer the question
but that is partly why I think you can
start a breath and what does another
thing ever Yuri surprised I don't think
every tuber is I've met a lot of ones
that were really happy that's all I know
I have it why am i lying this is a truth
vlog I have never met happy was it I've
met youtubers who are happy on their
phone and they laugh minute joke but
deep down we're all kind of like sad
people and dark and fucked up but I
think that's why you watch because you
relate to that but also I think that's
part about being a creative person like
you look at Jim Carrey Jim Carrey is a
genius he's of okay comedic genius you'd
want an Oscar I think he's like amazing
if you guys don't know he is I don't
have stuff crazy but you probably do he
is literally probably the most press
person in the world and he talked about
it he actually is insanely depressed and
it's programmed oh I think he's talked
about that sport I love him so much
and I I was always like why so sad and
then I realized because your sadness and
your sad childhood or all your problems
are for me like my body dysmorphia in my
childhood all of that makes you creative
and the more darkness you have and we're
created you are that make sense which i
think is why a lot of actors and
musicians and stuff kill themselves
because they're so fucking depressed but
then the more depressed I get the better
their songs are like Amy Winehouse or
something and then like you get so
depressed that you just overdose and you
die and suck so I think a lot of
youtubers are depressed and they use it
to be creative I don't know I'm kind of
think about ever many youtuber who else
so happy no I think we're all kind of
you know fucked up but I don't want this
to sound like a sad video because I I'm
not like depressed as it I can't wake up
in the morning it's not clinical I'm not
like on pills I'm not you know like
staring in the mirror all day going you
back up
that's just like for 30 minutes usually
when I wake up but for me I have a
little you know sadness and a little
darkness but I use it and I'm creative
so it's good it is happy it is a good
thing something cents I want you guys to
think I'm like having a breakdown
I'm not this is been the best year of my
life which lets lead into that
so if 2016 I was seeing so many people
tweet and Facebook and stuff about 2016
being like the worst year ever like that
has not worked year rather everything
that which I get because there's so many
awful things that have passed in the
world politics has been insane so many
celebrities of died like so I feel like
you were saying that but like just
absolute positive it out there well I
mean it's all positive for me because of
my life so that sounds weird but
whatever any positivity is good at it
that's the best year literally of my
life literally this has been such an
amazing year like meeting okay I don't
even know where start meeting Garrett
who is like one of my best friends and
family members of this point meeting him
on tinder which is a teen years thing to
meet somebody on tinder and then not
fucked up and become best friends with
them never done a work meeting here and
that changed my life meaning Island
which was huge you know meeting somebody
who I mix how happy to get to like
whatever about it but somebody who I
really think I was meant to be with you
know and I think I went through this
whole coming-out journey and all that
bullshit and I think it was to get to
the point where I could meet him and be
with him I know that some cheesy but
it's true I really
and really good there's not Michael
coming out way putting out a book that
was really nervous about that was like
really dark to talk about bulimia bhisma
and putting that out of people actually
liking it more than the first book that
was incredible the short film the
Lottery's that I just put up that you
guys like that I didn't know you guys
look like I'm nervous so like it's kind
of different kind of sad it's kind of
weird and you know I wouldn't even in it
really maybe they're not gonna like it
and you did you like know what I was
amazing and there's so many other things
I I don't even know I don't want to like
not sit I'll remember should've written
some shit now my podcast I don't there's
this been Kathy Griffin having grandma
clock out she's like one of my idol it's
just been an incredible year and I'm
really really happy about it and I feel
really blessed in them and yeah I had to
struggles with a disorder stuff Cynthia
you know YouTube rewind and all that
stuff we're talking about it has helped
so that's good you know okay well oh so
next year 2030 okay
yourself so a lot of people like
resolutions I don't really do that
because every day when I wake up I'm
trying to change something so like I got
a daily revolutionary fucking day but I
say my my number one resolution and it
is like I'm like security to say it out
loud because I want so that I really
really really want to make the lottery
that short film I want to turn that into
a TV show I would love it to be like a
network show I'd love to have all the
same tasks I just love to do a show
about my childhood and like narrated
stuff but have it based on my book that
is my fucking dream I have been working
on I have been brainstorming I've been
writing script videos I've been calling
my ages every fucking day like you want
it to happen like I have a chest that is
like so I I just definitely goal the
best career I guess personal likewise I
want to keep traveling like this year I
travel so much I like
London I was in Mexico I went to you
know so many different states and that's
been quite long and keep doing that
meeting Ireland was like a big part of
that because he you know he wasn't
really a traveler either so we would
kind of it she would go you're okay no
I'm to that I mean we just kept doing it
so much fun and I want you doing that
however in Japan I wanted to make a
videos because to make you happy which
is ironic because my video is why
youtubers are bad and I'm like you do
makes me happy so I guess that's kind of
all I want to talk about today slay this
is anybody off hopefully this video
doesn't like me youtubers mad I think
most youtubers can agree with me that we
are all fucked up even the clean ones
even the ones that you are so happy and
then you really get to know them your
like growth you are fucked up like me we
are all fucked up but I think that kind
of like I think it's comforting it's
comforting to know that we're all kind
of in the same place we all kind of have
issues we have problems we all have
struggles and we're also doing this
fucking bastard and I kind of like that
that's what I like I won't you so many
like daily vloggers lately like I've
been watching Ava who I know her so it's
kind of weird to watch her like I'm
watching her and like shit problems and
she has like a rough childhood and she's
better shit she's gone through and she's
pretty yeah she to glow up the tea so
fucking weird and like fucking dorky in
like a weirdo so and I don't know it's
nice to see youtubers be open about how
fucking where they are I just like it
and I would keep doing it too so if you
guys have any other ideas for like just
honest videos you want me to talk about
like random things we do some comments
let me know give it a thumbs up so I
know if you like these subscribe to our
Channel come on over to them
sorry I make new videos every single day
and that's it so hopefully you guys
enjoy justice hang out honest talk video
and I will see you guys tomorrow
and
I hope that if you are sad you find
happiness and I hope that if you are
having a bad day this video makes you
feel a little bit better because
somebody else out there we understand
how you see little trashy okay and I'm
just like thinking about my life and I'm
like God let me think about all the good
times
Wow that was my life
