hair to be guys yes it is that time
again to meet up get beautiful sergeant
as a beautiful Eman Gary and disgusting
because I'm going to be doing girl
product of course girl fellows video
without my public personality piston oh
there she is
woo look at rough today Justin had a
very long holiday she got hit by bus but
she's fine and she's already failed on
all of the resolutions and her only
resolutions were to stay on her diet and
not part with her baby she's a little oh
my god what are we doing we forgot her
lips oh my god
happy new year alright so first let me
show you this so if you're wondering
like well when I get at the store like
if you want like a beauty haul um this
is clean for real work literally says
for ringworm so lovely baby okay we are
going to start also yes I need to look
pretty with this what happened you know
no not a look like Jared Leto not a bad
way like Jared Leto's 15 seconds to Mars
you know I mean like halfway viewers
glow oh god okay new year new bangs I
need some alright let's go with this
this is Hollis evac up now I was excited
cuz it's like it would be back up what
is that like a little Mariah Carey cub
or like a little a gel top like
something about like a Devo would use
then I found out note is for Puri blood
so this is an actual period Cup let's
open it up alright how does this work
comfortable clean easy to use MC two to
three times for 24 hours wash and
reinsert from what you have to take this
bloody come out of your pussy and wash
it out think about crazy that it that
will be like taking toilet paper out of
your dirty poopy asshole and then just
like washing it off and using it again
you know it's a lot more efficient using
your fingers and then just washing the
poop off and it's better for the
environment
Kirsten always uses our hands
alright let's see how this work it comes
with a cute little carrying case like no
is gonna know that is like what would
this be like a little candy carrying
case yes feeling this using it for candy
anyways back to the product okay
but just you take this Cup woo can you
feel that no you can't you're in the
computer that makes no sense well just
look at me touch it no so it's a little
silicone little oh look how sad it looks
I would be sad too if I was going up in
my bloody ass Oh No please give you a
pretty and super so I like the Konishi
literally any other bloody old man shade
oh my god my new youtube banner just
another bloody hole subscribe yeah so
let's fill this up with blood now I
don't have real blood well maybe I do
let me you next I know I have this
gallon of fake blood okay let's open
this up election fill up this Cup
alright here we go oh it's been a heavy
knife oh my god wow that's great
I mean I mean I guess I'm not really
shoving in my body but it looks good oh
my gosh ah plop this would be great for
a party what's it's already it's a party
when you put in clip-in bangs you drink
blood out of here in cuffs yeah okay
there you go
I guess well how do you ask you to cut
your hole in the bottom what is that
little thing for is that whatever you
grab it out of your pussy if there
should be like a string right or like a
big fish's vibrate if you're going to
shove something in your pussy and have
it there all day have a vibrator give
you're opposed to your parties I mean I
hate to say this because the word is
overused and I provide it way too much
but keep that Lucy show it's the idea of
a girl laying down with a boyfriend he's
like are you ready David she's like okay
we'll make sure to keep my cookie ship
okay I'm going to flip his back I want
to do this blood I don't know the point
of this was oh wow I love others
measurements it like just so you know
how much blood you have but what does
that mean like if you have like over two
inches like go to the
- look how extra sad that face looks
when it's bleeding so much
Oh get it out of my ass um live cochise
pussy with of it so let's clean it ah
next okay this is really exciting
because I can't believe this is real I
really need melon with like fucking
coconut heads from Ned's Declassified
suicide by side
I mean it's uncanny how do I fix this
weave oh okay there she is she's back so
this is a mask made out of placenta
placenta placenta she's hearing okay
good placenta this is the inside of a
woman when she shift off her baby light
into a big sacks the baby coming into
the bay he's like this get out I know
the doctors like say wait wait wait
and then they throw that in the trash
that's it I mean I love with the
recycling like that's everything but
like right along it on my face yeah so I
bought it
alright here we go it says it's a mask
that heals your skin okay here we go
yeah oh it is so lightly okay
alright oh okay I told you I don't know
if you could see this hold on it's the
texture of my alien calm like that's the
only way to describe it I've been
abducted oh oh
I mean it smells more pleasant than I'd
expected dead babies
fucking fascist now why don't you think
dead baby honestly the second you're
born you're dead okay here we go let's
open this up gosh maybe this will help
my face
honestly I'm willing to do anything my
face is looking fuck here we go oh okay
one two three
okay okay feels good feels um kind of
burns a little bit I wonder whose vagina
this came out like I know I got it from
Amazon
well like does that mean some like woman
in some like warehouse like gave birth
and like ten and over her big sack and
there's like Oh perfect feelings great
mouth oop rhyme better hurry up like
what does that mean
I just pasted it oh ooh
does it taste good oh my god +10 to taco
bell tacobell'
get a pen listen up what if you made a
crunch wrap with what's inside which
will be told oh Lima more iconic you oh
I'll be no this is gross I don't want to
know my face anymore that's okay I'm
really excited about this one because
this is um I mean technically just to be
a girl or boy product but since I'm
wearing like my 50 shades of grey
clip-ins I feel like this is the perfect
accessory this is a creepy fucking S&M
statement so that's what it's supposed
to look like and I don't really
understand like the purpose of it but
I'm fucking ready for my new crazy
dangerous life like shell appearing on
my ass Phoebe placenta and put on this
2017 gonna be a good year here we go so
there's a gag in it I guess you like oh
I guess I like it I don't know am I
supposed to like this is this for my
face this could also be for my body just
imagine like sitting in that you just
don't know this but I put all these
products at my blood when I'm done
filming the video is they're all going
in there this one hurt a little clear
you are trying on he is fucking
terrified
come on it's a toy it's a fun toy you
put it on daddy juice you around
how's your position is but at this point
I'm just like giving the police evidence
but this isn't it I also got this map
now this one leans a little more to the
imagination here I'll just put it on so
this is like playing creature look I am
love it because it just like conquers
everything it makes it so it has a
shower I literally can't breathe it's a
nice low gas also what I put in my
Kirsten mouth it's really fucking
terrifying oh my god oh my god I look
like a bitch in a six hours
oh my god I'd like a starfish they like
lost his family because he's gay and
he's into Exxon there's any other fish
or you don't see it and he's like that
sign up on my own school and then he
gets killed
I like eaten by a shark or something you
die this is great I love it oh I love
her we're turning I feel like you were
to target her show in the staff room
like organizing shit I never thought you
Cossack enough to go to the doctor and
they're like and zombies like girl back
inside we don't want you to scare the
customers and she says look she has some
kind of weird like disease or she takes
it mask off all her skin falls off I
love her oh she's had her life she has
gone through a lot I love it I need you
to talk about it
subscribe okay I'm so excited about this
I saw this at the store and I was like
that's the dumbest thing I've ever seen
in my whole life why would I ever buy
one and then about two one for me and
one for Trish this is a selfie fan big I
guess be plug it in your phone and if
fucking it's working and then you take
pictures and your hair is blowing I mean
if people say America is a joke like
yeah we have answers as our president
and yeah talk about self breakfast our
waffles but we also have this so let's
get on our level are you ready for this
one two three oh wait why isn't it
working
oh oh whoa oh my god whoa I look crazy
on camera but the fuck Wyatt that is
crazy
Wow look at that in real life it looks
just like a fans on here that's like a
fucking crazy optical illusion just like
the optical illusion that I am
and then when you get 12 is it a man or
is it just a stack of bricks
we don't know I know this is everything
does actually work for us let's see if
it makes men selfies better honestly no
not really strong enough to do anything
strong enough to cut me literally not
doing anything but it's cute I would
more like actually use this like not
really for a selfie fan but for like a
I'm standing a light at Target and then
you're really two hours man like it's
nice for like blowing away the haters
but like for actually blowing my hair
it's not really working like I imagine
somebody who hate hears like satanic
dude you like oh sorry it's somebody on
the phone for you here take it and
they're like why are they going at your
phone and you're like I don't want to
take a fucking phone and then they go
okay fine
hello oh you're pretty and then the fish
guy oh I love my daydream oh that's
great like if you want to smell your
breath do that's like us I love this is
great does it ever stop is eating my
batteries how does it work
fucking magic all right let's take this
off I'm going to be honest I've never
been used again
this is going to be sitting in my house
for 10 years and then when I'm like 95
years old and I'm sitting on a stoop and
I'm just like singing about my life and
I'm like God let me think about all the
good times
Wow that was my life all right I'm ready
where they had been brought up okay so
this next product is very confusing it's
calming beauties didn't hear bar and
it's gold but all the instructions are
in like Chinese or Japanese so I have no
idea what this is for
I think I literally I I don't know I
think you just put it on your face so
let's do it
okay so it says to turn it on like this
baby laughs whoa crazy I just broke my
camera isn't crazy how that happened
anyways I don't know how my camera keeps
getting fucked up here trying to fan in
the beauty part where did this slide
okay so I guess let's sit on our face
1 2 3 Oh got like vibrate is my entire
body and that's not a good feeling if
you have excess body back kinda like
when you're in a car and you have
Mitchell like groceries without feet and
then you get like a big stop and it all
gross people that's like my body that
really went a bit stomachache
here we go oh god too much that is so
intense
who is this for oh this cannot be good
for me but for some reason a lot more ah
okay they're like can't hear anything
buzzes are a layer drum wall this is
crazy
fuck drugs one of these may be in my
nose Oh
oh my god oh my god I just figured out
what I could use this board ready oh wow
I just found my new note soccer oh that
was everything oh my god you're not able
to tear me away from this thing cuz of
me like three hours from now just like
Netflix and knows back
ah oh this is great this will go on my
butt
and if I put this in first I mean the
access real easy
next product okay this is called an oral
sex general I don't know if that means
apply a small amount across to a vagina
no straight people are using this it is
pink it is cotton candy what straight
guys like the meat that pussy girl who
look / can I get some cotton candy Frank
come on to say my car fails like that's
not happening well unless you're me
this is robot guys let's try to spray it
I guess she's crazy spray oh and I have
just Jen oh you know I can't actually
put this on a vagina because like that
video will get black but if we just like
tilt the screen vertically and then zoom
in I'm in cats of a giant I've ever seen
one I've only seen one this is making
you uncomfortable you don't make you
even more uncomfortable acceptances
Patti what am I doing with my life
boy you guys know hopefully you enjoyed
whatever the fuck I just did if you
didn't make sure to give it a thumbs up
and also subscribe my channel where
they're blowing the videos emitting I
don't want to say all my other trying
bro product videos I've made a bunch of
them I'll get a link to a playlist with
proper description are you little
Kirsten's I will see you stuff it's
going to be a fine night tonight
yeah fucking terrified but surprisingly
that's not the scariest commercial
that's ever been on TV there have been a
lot more and these are just a few of my
favorites
