hey what's up you guys yes today we're
gonna be talking about some of the
creepiest commercials of all time now I
started thinking about this because of a
video I did a couple months ago I talked
about this creepy tissue commercial that
supposedly was cursed and if you watched
it you died and it was so creepy that
they took it off of TV and it was banned
if you don't remember take a look by the
girls and they look at the girls they
look at the sky it's going to be a fun
night tonight yeah fucking terrifying
but surprisingly that's not the scariest
commercial that's ever been on TV there
have been a lot more and these are just
a few of my favorites okay so this one
is for an ice cream shop in Philadelphia
it's called a little babies ice cream
and I know you're thinking Shane how
could an ice cream commercial be creepy
take a look I eat little babies ice
cream it keeps me young
it keeps me light on my feet I spring
from activity to activity I love my job
I love my life when you eat little
babies ice cream you'll wink and nod and
hug and high-five each other with great
enthusiasm this is a special time yeah
what the fuck the commercial is this guy
made of ice cream and he's fucking
eating himself I don't know
Oh literally just watching that gives me
chills now people were freaking out and
they saw this commercial and the
co-founder of the company said I came to
realize that ice cream is a blank canvas
and you can just let your imagination go
wild
I mean kudos to him for making something
imaginative but fuck him for giving me
fucking nightmares speaking of
nightmares you guys know that I'm
terrified of dolls I'm terrified of any
type of little kid toy that talks I
don't trust them
and I don't like them well this is a
commercial from 1965 and it's for a doll
called baby secret and it's a doll that
fucking whispers secrets to you I am not
lying
watch Mattel's new baby secret she
whispers just to you her lips really
move
it's almost unbelievable get Mattel the
new baby secret so you can have fun
keeping secrets together right I know
never sleeping again
now that fucking toys surprisingly was
the top-selling toy that year people
bought that for their children and some
people still have that doll today I
found this video and it is so fucking
creepy just watch I swear to God
it sounded like it said I want to kill
you right like it did not sound like it
- how I wanna tell you something I know
oh but that's not the only creepy
fucking doll commercial there is I don't
know if you guys remember this or if
you're too young but back when I was a
kid there was the snuggles doll now
snuggles was like a laundry detergent
and their mascot was his creepy fucking
teddy bear that talked Cyndi sleeping in
snuggly softness cos only snuggled
fabric softener gets all your laundry as
soft as me shocked enough for even Cindy
oh no also did you see that creepy
fucking face he made at the end when he
was tucking in that girl look at the
face you want me to buy the laundry
detergent you think that's going to make
me want to buy you a product
all that makes me want to do is buy a
gun and keep it under my crib okay so
let's move away from kids toys because I
just need a break and let's talk about
some creepy commercials that come from
other countries so this is a tire
company in
and that released this commercial and it
literally is like a horror movie it's so
creepy and scary that there is an actual
warning before the commercial like when
you're watching TV a warning pops up
saying hey is my fuck you up I mean it
doesn't say that but something close to
that
here check
Oh
ya see fucking scary but actually also
kind of cool now that one was so
shocking to people that actually got on
a lot of lists including the scariest
commercial of all time and some people
have said it's one of the coolest ads
ever and I think it is going to go okay
so this next one is a public service
announcement and I can't even explain
how fucking creepy this is I'm just
going to show you but basically it was a
public service announcement made back in
1978 and it's trying to keep kids away
from water basically trying to keep kids
away from like lakes and stuff when
their parents aren't around keep kids
from drowning that kind of stuff but
they took it and really fucking ran with
it and made one of the creepiest things
I've ever seen watch I am the spirit of
dark and lonely water ready to trap the
unwary the show-off the fool and this is
the kind of place you'd expect to find
me the show-offs are easy but the unwary
ones are easiest to this branch is weak
rotten it will never take his way I know
I mean I now don't want to go near water
I mean obviously I don't we go near
water as you can see I haven't showered
in days but if I was a kid I would have
fucked me up I literally would have
never been to the beach I never got
anywhere I mean I did in many ways let's
talk about exertion okay so this next
commercial was a coffee commercial and I
don't want to give it away but I'm just
going to say it's not what it appears to
be check
I know fuck it got me again those
fucking pop-up commercials always get me
even though I know it's coming still
something gets me and they literally
need like ten of them and I have seen
all of them and I still fucking jump
every time here's just another one that
made me scream like a little bitch
don't lie that one got you to okay so
this next commercial is from Morgan and
they are a bug killing company there's
probably a better way to say that but
they kill bugs now they did this series
of commercials where they had like big
bugs popping up into random scenarios
and there's nothing creepier to me than
cockroaches spiders fucking bugs so the
thought of seeing them like eight feet
tall just
beautiful night
mind if I join you
ah that feels wet ah everything but that
was ill also were those balls
did you see balls I think I saw I mean
the thought of being in Jacuzzi with my
shirt off anyways is terrifying enough I
don't want to think about an
eight-foot-tall fucking cockroach
climbing it with me I mean but listen it
made me really want to kill that bug so
I guess they did their job ok so let's
talk more about some PSAs now PSAs can
go really far I've shown some before on
my channel of like car crashes and like
drug side effects like the point of a
PSA is to scare you so that you stay
away from something and this PSA I'm
pretty sure was about seatbelts but it
also could have been about home security
I don't know I researched it I couldn't
figure it out either way it is very very
disturbing and I'm warning you a child
dies in it and it is really disturbing
so if you are triggered or kind of
scared of that kind of stuff I would
leave this video but here it is and it
is very fucking sad
so Santo de sécurité no Showcase icon
kilometric Eve when should you get him
eat - I know I just felt so fucking real
like seeing those people fall sounded
and hitting the ground so that was in
2002 and that was made in France and
once again I'm still kind of confused as
to what they are talking about pretty
sure she felt either way it's going to
keep me from going on a balcony forever
alright so back when I was a kid there
was these commercials for Duracell
batteries I don't understand what
they're made of
I don't know if it's special effects or
like a mask I don't fucking know
basically it was like back in the early
90s there was this family that the
battery company created and the family
was charged by batteries so they were
kind of like robot people either way
they were so fucking creepy and
everything about them was fucking
terrifying and made me not one of my
batteries made me want to buy I don't
know fucking blindfold and watch my TV
wearing it so I didn't have to see these
motherfuckers
here just take a look at these scariest
family you will never see so is
everybody using Duracell batteries you
kidding the second I heard they had a
battery that lasts all other brands
I bought the family whole case to me the
first time we tried your cell batteries
we were living in Tulsa with your great
antenna curb did you slip her one of
those other batteries me the copper top
tops them all I didn't like talking
creepy huh like what the fuck whose idea
was that who in a boardroom was like oh
let's make fucking creepy ask mannequin
robot melted crayon I don't know but
Duracell if you want to do
hashtag spawns I'm ready because I'm
looking pretty fucked up for him at home
I could look like a member of the
duracell family if you wanted me to okay
so this last commercial we're going to
talk about it's kind of funny but also
terrifying I don't know the first time I
saw it but I was very young and it
really did fuck me now I was very
confused I asked my mom what the fuck
just happened and they want to watch it
years later no so scary but I'm just
warning you it's going to make you
scared of literally everything because
anybody you talked to could just fucking
I'm not going to give it away just enjoy
I know a place that's peaceful and quiet
a place where animals play it's called a
forest but every year we start forest
fires a careless match or cigarette and
poof fire so the next time you're in the
forest be extra careful okay if you knew
it was me would you have listened ah ah
ah every time every time I watch TV and
I see a normal person talking and it's
zooming it on them I'm like it's gonna
be there it's gonna be falling back
they're going to take out their fuckin
Depot suit it's gonna be a fucking bear
this guy's literally like that image
just fucking it burned in my brain
so anyways hopefully you guys enjoyed
this video hopefully it scared you and
hopefully you are not gonna
nightmares while you're thinking oh if I
just turn into a bear our idea is how
I'm going to go hopefully which of these
creepy commercials make sure to give
this video a thumbs up if you want more
creepy videos and subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see all my other creepy videos
my conspiracy theory videos all that
I'll put a link to a playlist right at
the top of the description below all
right you guys good luck sleeping
tonight oh that's a cool youtuber all
talk all clickbait although now I could
call this video my dick is on fire movie
my dick Utley I'll go
