there's one okay Shane got caught with a
live gerbil up his ass in a public
restroom I mean of course he did um
that's him bitch are you ready to get
booked oh no fucks oh hey what's up you
guys yes we're going to blow up a house
once again oh we have not succeeded at
that we've gotten close oh my god holy
shit ah but not close enough
I want a Twitter moment I wanna go to
Twitter I want to click on moments and I
wanna see Shane Dawson died in a house
fire
I was on a plane the other day a Nick
Carter from the Backstreet Boys was in
front of me and I thought the plane was
gonna crash because it was like a lot of
turbulence and I was like oh my God
we're gonna die but what made me even
more sad was I was like oh my god he's
gonna be a Twitter moment before me like
it's gonna be like Nick Carter died in a
plane crash and some YouTube guy died -
that's fucked so let's make a moment yes
I have a bunch of new things and some
old things but I'm gonna be putting a
twist on this like yes I do have a
Barbie he's a Ken he's everything that I
wish I was that I wasn't so I'm ready to
die also he still looks good after a
beating not me
well I thought how can we make this even
better what if we covered his face with
a puff tar wrapper and then tighten or
not put his ass in there and watch them
blow up that was a fart of excitement so
let's do a quick little haul of
everything I have and honestly this
could also be what I got for Christmas
hole music hey guys welcome back to my
channel I'm really excited to show you
everything I got for Christmas now the
first thing I got I can't technically
show you because this is YouTube but
well it's chlamydia look at all of these
um Magnum condoms or extra-large these
aren't for penises because hooli uses
condoms from
these are for covering up my chihuahua
when it rain she can't breathe but
sometimes she passes out but it's worth
it cuz she doesn't get like wet and
gross in my car
these are some grapes I don't know what
these are because I think they're food
but I'm pretty sure I could shove them
in my butt I wonder if your butt can
soak up calories one time I thought I
got pregnant in my butt but it was just
poop I tried to breastfeed it well back
out gross
these are highlighters I like to keep
these around to highlight the haters I
got every color of the rainbow because
my haters come in many colors and I also
got the thick ones because well most of
my haters are set oh and then I got
these sharpies because my haters need
something new to use on their eyebrows
and I felt like when I highlighted them
I just like hook them up with a new bow
line I also got this big thing of
aluminum foil this is another thing I
wrap my dog in we're just kind of scary
cuz like when I wrap them in this and
the Sun comes out it cooks him what's
his pretty gross cuz I hate me well I
thought myself okay I'm really excited
let's fucking microwave this shit and
also I know a lot of you guys want me to
microwave a YouTube play button um I
don't have one I think I did have one at
one point and I think my mom threw it
away because she thought it was a big
gay Christmas decoration so like YouTube
if you want to send me like the new play
button I would love to destroy it on
camera thanks alright let's go okay so
first I want to start with this Kendall
wrapped in a pop-tart wrapper situation
cuz I feel like that's gonna be the
craziest so let's just take this off we
got something to do with these and let's
grab a rubber band put the wrapper over
his head this is like in bethany mota
lost her mind hey guys welcome to my new
DIY um so basically what I'm gonna do is
just take this Barbie doll wrap them in
foil like he's being strangled today put
a rubber band around his neck so he
can't breathe
and then turn the microwave lamb burn
check out my merch link in the
description all right put this
motherfucker in the microwave look how
scary that is Wow oh if only this were
real okay here we go I'm actually kind
of nervous about this because I feel
like this might start a fire also can we
just look at how fucking gross this is
getting also I never explained why I'm
wearing just the grossest clothes with
holes in them it's because I have no Fox
okay let's microwave alright here we go
oh my god
oh my god Cameron dalas who I feel like
that's something he post on Instagram to
be like relatable like when you eat so
many pop-tarts you're so turnt when
you're at madcon and one of your crazy
stalkers tries to strangle you to death
that one was too real alright let's
light him up oh my god oh my god oh my
god that was everything that was fucking
everything bitch yes wow that was great
okay should I do it again without shadow
covers whole body should I put in his
wife oh my god what's even sadder should
I put in their dog let's have a family
burning
okay now this could be bad because she
has hair so I feel like that could
actually catch fire which is pretty
dangerous so here we go oh my god wow
that was even crazier than before oh she
still looks good wow if that's not me
and uno then I don't know what is just
you know looking scared me covering my
face me also covered in marshmallow
cream just dead on the floor wow that
was great good job Barbie okay so you
guys already know that the grapes thing
did not work last time but I looked it
up and I guess if you use cold graves it
works even fresh hopefully we have a
near death situation I'm just putting
the grape in the microwave please
explode for daddy I did joke but I'm
just gonna keep it all right here we got
one two three
oh my god come on come on come on what
the fuck oh my god why isn't it working
oh alright put another one in there oh I
saw something come on I saw something oh
whoa oh my god whoa whoa whoa oh my god
fuck that ooh that smells really bad
what did I just do I told you for it was
bad fruit vegetables don't trust them
pop-tarts trust those no I actually
think I created a fume that is killing
me and my dog okay we'll see you soon
Bobby oh my god okay I move the grape
and look with its it literally like
completely caught fire on the actual
microwave and fucked it up oh good job
grapes now you finally have a purpose
okay so next I want to try a package of
condoms because I feel like it's made
out of the same material as the
pop-tarts and also these are huge oh my
god
Wow whose dick do you think is that big
camera Dallas all right here we go oh
that's a lot oh well one two three oh my
god oh my god oh my god I'm scared oh my
god I'm sorry
I got real he's scared okay I'm scared
okay we're gonna do it one two three oh
my god I'm just gonna get scared oh my
god me having sex for the first time
it's all a flashback wait why is
Catching Fire is it that thing
underneath okay I'll move them 1 2 3
whoa okay that's a fire that's a fire
that's a fire
ah that would have been that okay maybe
just one condom me on the Friday when
I'm being not a slut okay just one whoa
okay hey we are done with that whoo I
love Oh I'm like let's blow up my house
and then when it starts happening I'm
like oh well maybe not
that's a cool youtuber all talk I'll
click bait although now I could call
this video my dick is on fire movie
my dick is lit oh go
okay so I've done this CD before but I
found like a new way to do it where it
might work better okay so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna take these two
clips and then we are going to stand up
the CD using the clips like that alright
look at that fuckin fancy ass setup who
is she fucking raising the quality of
her content all right here we go one two
three
whoa wait fuck oh that would've been so
pretty that would have fallen over let's
try it again
okay so I just tried to make it stand
and it didn't work so now we're just
resting it on top of marshmallow cream
and hoping it stays god this is slowly
beginning to just look like my life dead
covered in pop-tarts holding my dog food
everywhere the only thing that's
different is this box of pop-tarts
that's full because this should be empty
all right here we go
whoo oh okay all right
wow that was beautiful also the smell is
poisonous whoo when the bobster to fire
aha
okay so I saw Joey do this video I did
not watch it because I didn't want to
give it away but he put sharpies in the
microwave and I'm hoping that something
really scary happens knowing Joey it
probably like exploded a rainbow when on
his nails and he's like my new look but
like for me I just look like lights my
hair on fire burns all my hair off and
I'm like my new look then I would like
never have to wash my hair all right so
I'm thinking maybe we should put in like
all of them because that seems smart Wow
let's just put in these oh what a Gay
Pride
explosion you know some people could
have prayed some people give money to
get charity I put rainbow sharpies in a
microwave and hope it explodes and you
know what I feel good about that
cuz I'm trying to explode intolerance
that's a lie I just want to see shit
blow up let's go Oh God
okay I'm gonna stand kind of far away
okay we're gonna happen cuz biddy over
fired kill my lychee curse burst oh my
god colours burst that's not a Mandela
fact but that's something all right this
isn't working so I'm gonna take a few of
them out maybe if we just put in one
okay so there's just one yellow one in
there see how it goes
literally nothing is happening okay so I
just took a little break and I watch
Joey's video and it's looking j√≥venes
exploded look like what we're gonna do
what are you kidding me why does Joey
have everything that I do
oh that's the crystals all right well
let's put some foil in there this is
actually the worst idea ever because
this is like the thing you're literally
never supposed to put in so let's do it
okay so I got the little sheet of foil
let's see how it goes one two three go
Oh
Oh
oh come on Oh
whoo oh that's a fire okay now we're
gonna keep on
okay we're done we're done we're done no
no no more no more Oh party lid okay
we're done I mean listen that wasn't as
crazy as I was expecting I thought
literally my kitchen was gonna explode
which is what happens around dinnertime
seriously I can't go home I'm already
here okay so I feel like that's kind of
it normally have anything else
whoo although maybe we should do like
the greatest hits like let's put a
condom on Barbie put her in a pop-tart
put a grape in her pussy and fucking
have a CD in the background now that's a
party all right Barbie you ready for
this oh what a dream life oh no you want
to be like Barbie I'm gonna go in the
microwave with daddy be covered in a
condiment pop-tarts you are so bored of
me are you you're oh wow you would
literally rather be asleep having a
nightmare than be awake all right here
we go
one two three whoa whoa oh is that it
Barbies on it Oh microwave is glued shut
with marshmallow oh can you imagine me
taking back to Target hi my microwave
won't open seems to be some kind of a
problem oh really
looks like there's a melted marshmallow
in there and two Barbie with the condom
on her head and it great I'm gonna want
well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoy whatever the fuck it
is we just did I know I had a lot of fun
I'm really impressed though because now
I'm going to give you microwave because
it's what is oh it's on fire it's very
hot oh my god it's very hot ooh this is
not good
it also won't open so Oh got it see him
dinner's done whoo why does she still
look good I mean look at that fucking
killing it fucking Queen of Pop fucking
pop icon Bobbie the jams are so good
they're snatching her weave seriously
I'm literally home if I go home that bad
to where I am okay then I'll just leave
if you want more microwave videos please
give me a thumbs up so I know and also
leave some comments let me know what
else is microwave because I've
recognized ideas also make sure to
subscribe
in DUMBO cuz I make new videos every day
and if you watching my other microwaving
things videos I have a couple more I'll
put a link to a playlist right top
description below all right you little
litt Barbies
I'll see you squads tomorrow I didn't
use that word right bye fam this is
lobster oh my god but it's all fucked up
bitch I don't know what happened our mr.
crab oh my god somebody handed mr. Krabs
a million dollars bitch was so sure and
then she just exploded
