today I am going to be genuinely
watching and responding to a video by
youtuber named Bobby burns he's not
actually a conspiracy theorist he's just
someone trying to make legit tons of
money making terrible terrible content I
think what I want to do is fly him out
here bring him to my house and confront
him in person
see you soon Bobby burns okay so update
so I teamed with Bobby I talked to him
and I was like hey man listen I want to
do a video with you I want you to come
to my house I will fly you out I'll put
you up in a hotel you can bring a friend
and he said yes so he is on his way he's
gonna be here in like an hour
I don't think I thought this through
completely because I don't know if he
actually like really doesn't like me or
if he was only doing that video to get
views and he was like man this will be a
good video I don't know I've never
really interacted or confronted somebody
that publicly said they think my videos
are terrible like I'm sure a lot of my
family thinks it but they've never told
me so I really don't know how this is
gonna go well he might actually just be
mean or he could be really sweet I don't
know another thing is I have not told
the island about this mainly because I
knew he would think it was a bad idea so
um let's go tell them now good morning
what are you doing fun you know what
else is fun making new friends what do
you mean so I have a friend coming from
out of town today is he staying with us
no he's just stopping by a quick hello a
little confrontation possibly just
nothing crazy it's like an old tinder
who go mmm slightly more awkward than
that he's a YouTube friend here I'm
gonna show you just a clip of one of his
videos so you could like get a vibe I
have a problem with people manipulating
people and making terrible terrible
terrible terrible terrible terrible
terrible content I mean I think we could
all agree that your content isn't
terrible you put more effort than most
into your content well feel free to tell
him that when he shows up at our door
you invited this man are you crazy Shane
I don't know he's on his way I flew him
out and put him up in a hotel what I
mean listen I have a good feeling about
it I know he's coming across crazy and
possibly like a serial killer
but so do I which is why I feel like we
will connect you gave him our address I
guess that's not a good idea
Shane we could have a least met at your
mom's
although oh my god I just got a good
idea for later taking him to my mom's
house showing my mom this video but not
telling her he's here okay you've gone
crazy all right well I'm gonna take a
shower and get ready
you just showering for him I mean I want
it to go well what I need to make my
hater like me this is my issue in life
so your shower for your hater but not
for me
yeah because you love me all right
Bobby's gonna be here soon I'm freaking
out I'm excited I'm nervous I can't wait
for him to possibly stab me
all right I'm showered and I'm ready and
guess who's here I'm not ready I'm sick
you're sick but it's okay because guess
what
this is not gonna make you feel better
what so you know how sometimes people
make videos online where they hate on me
and you know how you love watching them
and texting them to me well guess what I
flew one of the haters out here and he's
coming to my house right now and he's
five minutes away no yeah you need to
stop telling me that I'm coming over to
eat Chipotle and screaming shit on me
like this listen I think this is gonna
be fun I think it's gonna be therapeutic
to get to know the person who made the
hate video and fall in love with them so
here's what I think you should do
because you're really good at like
making people feel happy oh sorry I
meant uncomfortable oh I think that your
goal should be to make him like us like
Oh what is it soda or ooh we should
mini-golf
Bobby Bobby
this is gonna make them hate us more
wait what treats do you have oh my god a
lot of shame this is not okay Bobby
leave it alone it just confuses sex to
me he's like two seconds away he's
pulling up thala no maybe my tater wear
my virgin that's everything you know
that is everything all right maybe just
that one does he fit is he small what
you like he's 20 he's an awesome
no it's bird Oh cute we fall in love
he's not gay my hater come out okay well
they're kind of all eat me what did you
say anyone boom there's a hairnet one
what have we poison that killing my
hater
do I like hug him he's gonna spit in my
face isn't he what if he's like if not a
fan willing to stand like a scary one
here's my thought I had an inkling that
every hater is secretly a fin because
why else would they hate on you cuz hey
is passion so like I hate myself yeah I
guess I'm not a fan of myself I think we
should have in mind just in case you
know oh my god I don't know okay I'm
gonna keep it cuz I don't trust you with
it
okay he's one minute away hey what are
you doing let's go panic together I'm
just getting something ready for the TV
I wanted to know the whole time we're
having a conversation oh my god it's
been just like my photo pigeon it's been
like Bobby's photo
so oh god what am i doing what the fuck
am i doing
charming cool you know what oh my God
thank you
no that's good I don't do that so Shane
is that your subscriber count' oh god oh
my god that's so silly I can't your
remaining subscribers every day bro like
beam 20 yeah I mean it's a year older
than 19 oh my god can I ask you a very
serious question yes and I don't want us
to be offensive okay
are you Chloe grace Moretz is holy fuck
I'm beginning that sense like the very
beginning of my youtube channel yeah
beautiful you literally look like herpes
yeah are you fully grace moretz and Dane
DeHaan and I don't know who that is cuz
named Louise Queen Chloe's Queen oh he's
from the hit film Valyrian exactly yeah
exactly
thanks yeah I'm also like Chronicle he's
my era
maybe he likes carrots content I do
actually
okay well uh hi yeah get a little closer
how are you
so you said my videos were terrible you
said there were terrible seven times yes
terrible terrible terrible content I
guess we'll just start there okay okay
so tell me what you think is so terrible
and also what I could improve
okay so we're immediately doing that
okay oh fuck wait hold on drama music oh
my god I was not ready to immediately do
that
hmm I wasn't ready to watch this okay um
backtracking that's that's a good one
that checking oh oh back back yes CT yes
a lot of fact-checking
okay mainly fact-checking but that's
just conspiracy videos yeah yeah yeah so
what about my other videos no I don't
have a problem with most almost anybody
else but you said my content is terrible
that specific content you said all my
content say yeah yes
oh yeah let's go through it perfect yeah
Bobby burns personally I like your name
Bobby you're supposed to be getting him
to like us
let's just go to this specific moment
that's burned in my friend okay I have a
problem with people manipulating people
and not being honest and making terrible
I'm terrible Oh
terrible terrible terrible terrible
terrible content to you is if you get
content so it's those specific is that
specific media that I was talking about
that specific series oh I remember this
specific moment were you insinuated that
because I was promoting merch that I'm
somehow genuine or
or something and then I realized that in
this video and in a lot of other videos
from her what are you wearing that would
be my oh yeah
so yes but it's okay to release merch
it's only it's okay to talk about it
yeah why was it a problem
it wasn't problem that you talked about
merch the night pops it was part of the
bigger issue wasn't it wasn't wait can I
actually you want to touch it yeah okay
you tell them it's good quality
okay it's fun you get it I know yeah I
mean I I see the advantage of having a
pop Sokka des you won't drop it is all I
could get was overcome flashy not this
wait did you say WWE amazon.com
slut-shamed I did perfect it not for
Christmas prime just making sure that's
what you say okay my last moment that I
want to bring up was you called me
something change I think you're making
garbage videos that are courtliness be
on time I know this video is pretty much
cutting me off from ever having any kind
of relationships chain dalsu never ever
ever
but you don't see me fuck you just seems
dumb so I'm done okay mm-hmm makes me
dumb
I didn't say you weren't I said you
looked down those big cats do I look fat
okay so here's my plan for today we're
gonna talk more about our beef but then
after that I thought like listen we can
handle hate reduce to it no he's gay
he's gay I used to be fat and half gay
we've all got it but my mom is triggered
mm-hmm so I was thinking later we was go
to my mom's house show her the video and
then you knocked on the door and she
didn't confront you that sounds fucking
amazing like that actually sounds
incredible you're welcome so here's what
I'm thinking
I think we should really seriously talk
about our beef mm-hmm in my conspiracy
room
wait what am i oh you guys stay here
oh hey not cool that's my move you might
have seen us a 14% on tomatoes some
would say that is dumb I never said it
stomp your you never seen it I know I
think I actually have you've seen my
movie I think so why spooky music so yes
so here's the thing I feel like the one
thing that you said that really did
bother me because none of it really
bothered me was when you said you didn't
believe that I was into conspiracies I
think it's dishonest
I don't think Shane is in any way a
conspiracy theorist mm-hmm and you felt
like maybe I was doing it because it was
trendy or something yeah that's that's
something that I actually wanted to ask
you about - whose it is like if that is
something that you really are fully into
just because I don't know here's the
thing honestly I haven't even talked
about this before but oh no no it's
perfect I'm so I'm genuinely into
conspiracies to a point where it's like
sick and unhealthy and I've been into
them since I was came out I meant a
really really dark dark was that I'm
gonna feel too scared to talk about or
like on their channel yes so I like when
I started doing conspiracies nobody was
really doing them I gonna two years ago
nobody was doing that nobody liked mine
nobody wanted me to do them they weren't
getting views but I love them so much I
was like oh I'm going to keep doing them
so my way of doing it was like okay well
I can't talk about what I want to talk
about because I will get sued or have a
channel deleted so all do more pop
culture loans or entertainment ones and
maybe throw in a little you know
whatever but I won't go too far yeah so
I understand
because if a conspiracy theorist was
watching my videos they're like oh this
is fluff it's my culture whatever but
for me it's a way to slowly get yeah
slowly slowly get the audience to but
slowly get into that by telling them
about my lead and whatever gotcha and
then hopefully soon I can start
incorporating you know I'm more the dark
one because genuinely and this is
something I've full heartedly believe
nothing is real everything's bullshit
literally everything is everything
everything's run by profiles like
literally everything but let me tell you
this this is one thing that you kind of
brought up in your video so I have been
talking about the child molesters
running Hollywood for years right now
everybody made fun of me everybody said
I was crazy every comment was like she
this is fucking our fence whatever
whatever recently so I understand where
you're coming from
yeah but the funny thing is your video
actually got me thinking because I was
like you know I love conspiracies and
stuff but I don't want to just be like
the conspiracy guy so I recently started
doing more like documentary type of
those yeah it's the storyline this stuff
yeah you know I feel here and I feel
like I'm even more proud of what I'm
making so thank you for pointing out
that I'm better than just talking about
yeah I mean definitely I mean I think
you are like what makes this year's
you'd about your dad like that was
really really good
well thank you and that's my problem
with YouTube in general is like I don't
know what this is getting too deep but I
want to do so many different things and
I don't really like fit into like a box
and that's hard because people like you
who might stumble onto one of my videos
maybe oh they're all like this yeah but
they're not because they're all
different series well alright you know
what I feel like we talked yes feel like
we have conquered our beast yeah and
we're vegan now I am
you are okay we're done we're friends
now we fixed everything well I missed
you folks worth bubbie all right watch
stop okay so I was thinking we should
like maybe go to my mom's house we could
all get him pop sake now the girlfriend
why do you have a camera oh do you guys
do the videos together or yeah yeah oh
so you were part of it well oh yeah
she's what did she did she helped read
it no you wrote it so you got that
actually the haters - I'm so pop that
you have a girlfriend yes everybody gets
mad I think she wants to go home how
about my signature every single day bro
shirt oh my god yeah not only am I gonna
let you wear them oh my god I'll even
let you use the bugs Amazon pops off
here in a minute Shan are there more
options available on the site and colors
and sizes
asking weights I question so you guys
make your gifts together yes yes so when
did you guys start making videos
together um since we were very very soon
yeah at least play tonight or 10 years
probably Wow okay this is really
exciting because I did not know this was
like a team effort and I hope that
because I already like you now thank you
I liked you before now at your videos
and now I know it's a team and I'm like
rooting for you guys thank you
okay so let's go to my mom's I guess I'm
nervous I haven't told her about this do
you guys like a million dogs you like
Jesus Christ
okay so we're right outside my mom's
house yes it's super weird to like
actually be here it's like why I've been
seeing her in videos for like how many
how many years have you been doing you
two I thought wait I thought you didn't
watch my videos no I'm not your videos
dude I've been I've been watching your
videos since probably probably 13 14 I
stopped last year just because I move
because I moved and I but yeah yeah I've
been watching your videos for years and
years and years so it's really it's
gonna be super weird to be super weird
to see her so you wait wait this is what
I thought so you secretly were kind of
like a little bit I haven't that every
hater is secretly a fan because why else
would they hate on you cuz hey is
passion oh yeah I mean I've been a fan
of your of your channel for forever yeah
whenever I was really young it wasn't
allowed to get on youtube by myself so
whenever I go over to like a friend's
house I like it on YouTube and like
they'd be like with doing something in
the other room and then they'd be like
what are you doing nothing I would
always like sneak to the other room and
watch you know this is why I'm happy we
did this
and listen I would have been happy if
you weren't like this secret Banner yeah
yeah because I'm happy because I
genuinely knew I was like I have a
connection to this kid I don't know why
it's weird that I do he made this video
about me I should like hate him but I
love him and I don't know why and this
is really cool because honestly like I
love this I'm happy we're doing this
yeah it's nice really genuinely really
fun think you're making me want to do
better stuff yeah you don't mean you're
like you making that video even though I
disagree with some of it I'm like yeah
you know well I can do better stuff I
can I can raise the bar I can make you
watch again you got me back let's go
make my mom kill you so this video is
gonna start with you watching me there's
about me terrible terrible contents
first of all oh he is being a bully you
know she just seems dumb
when you call someone's down huh it just
gets my blood boiling I must be careful
hi
I got to Joey Graceffa what the fuck
that's not Joey Graceffa SS look where
are we is this gene doesn't house visit
Joey Graceffa no what the fuck Nathan
you'll return to your are you okay are
you hurt
turn to your left open that's Joey
Graceffa
