guys you just finished a podcast with my
super fancy me Tara
it was amazing oh we also had Brian the
barista who made us some holiday drinks
and me and just kissed but also me and
Tara kissed and it was everything go
check it out it was amazing and Farrah
Abraham might make an appearance ah link
down there and sound glad accomplished
in your friends I know I know okay let
me explain this isn't me trying I'm not
trying okay I'm not trying to glow up I
know what I am I'm a fucking piece of
trash but today I wanted to do something
different I wanted to put on a different
outfit I wanted to put on a hat cover my
gross hair and I was afraid I was
nervous really because I felt like if I
did that you guys would be like we
missed the old Shana where's the fucking
blue shirt what's going on
I was like a kid who got a haircut I was
afraid to go to school the next day like
yeah I want my squadron notice my new
lid do and be like all shook but I don't
want them to be like shaking all over
the place and tell everybody like I'm
not trying to make the bitches oh shit I
get a seizure like I'm not here for that
medical emergency I just wanted to
switch it up so yeah I'm wearing a new
outfit I'm sorry I'm embarrassed I'm
ashamed hey guys sorry yes I'm very loud
today I'm in a mood I'm also wearing a
shirt that has Trisha Paytas screaming
on top of it so curtain it oh it's as we
got yesterday we are going to be trying
more fancy expensive foods I did this
once before and it did not go well Oh
God oh my god yeah I'm not meant for
that line but today we're gonna try it
again and I asked my friend to go find
me like really delicious fancy foods
like I want to I want to get in touch
with my inner fancy Queen so that's what
we're gonna do today I don't know what's
in a lot of these boxes I snuck a couple
peeks this first one I'm really excited
about very heavy here she is oh my god
woo she's bottom-heavy she smells kind
of fishy okay all right here we go we're
gonna open it together
are you excited this is like Christmas
wait no this is not like Christmas hold
on let me make it like Christmas oh I
can't wait to see what Santa got me
singing real and that from the
government what it's a block of cheese I
should be disappointed but cheese
alright here we go
oh my god I listen I'm not being extra
right now I mean I am always but this
actually is my biggest fear ah looking
at me no do you know if you've been
watching my videos at all I'm sorry but
also you should know that I you know I
hate it I oh this is a murder this is a
crime scene
oh my god this bitch was so sure that
she exploded
this is Lobster oh my god but it's all
fucked up bitch I don't know what
happened to our mister crap oh my god
somebody had a mr. Krabs a million
dollars bitch was so sure and then she
just exploded oh my god okay you know
what no I was okay word is we're gonna
do this cuz I'm fuckin fancy and fancy
so this is Lobster
let me look my friends sent me a list of
how much everything was so this was this
was $100 this box of Bikini Bottom
evidence really a fucking Bikini Bottom
crime scene what's $100 I would rather
Squidward shut his clarinet in my ass by
the way Squidward is gay right is that
like a my outing him I don't need a sir
problem but like he's super gay right
like spongebob is bak Patrick is clearly
asexual the similarities between him and
rickey dillion are insane and Stanny if
that bitch ain't a lesbian then i don't
know shit about the gay community
alright let's fucking try this oh my god
I don't want to know we're gonna do this
okay
alright I have place really fancy paper
plates and I'm going to put this on top
oh my god alright okay hold on let me
get dressed okay I have a trash can to
get shit falls out I'm just going to
transfer this Lobster now that looks
like Nemo oh my god I'm sad you did oh
my god okay alright
Oh my father's feet oh my god oh my god
okay you guys need to see this you need
to see this so you know I'm not
exaggerating oh my god
you see all the fucking feet oh I hate
this
I don't have this fancy light okay all
right um oh my god it's winning oh my
god what is that what's that
get on the fucking plate oh my god oh my
god that's a pussy
gasps okay that's pussy can you see that
there's a little pussy I am so scared
you think I'm like trying to be banging
you like yelling and screaming I'm
actually fucking terrified okay all
right okay oh my god okay I don't know
what to do I think I can eat oh my god
how do I eat this all the arms are so
sad - they're like alright okay here we
go
okay this now okay alright okay I can't
do this okay all right oh there's vomit
oh god oh god oh my god okay I'm just
gonna pick it up this I'm vegan I'm
vegan that's new time of a video undie
you know my new vegan life this is the
grossest thing I've ever seen in my life
look on the inside hail bed you can see
her inside alright okay now we're done
we're done we're not here next week I'd
be something good I need
bring me back maybe this is bad luck
maybe this new look is bad luck let's
try this dessert oh my god
we're back this of this okay hold on
this dessert and I'm not kidding what's
called dolla dolla bills y'all
and it is a big block of gold and then
when you lift it there is a big fucking
s'more cake underneath see how if this
is what treasure was like I go to the
bottom of the ocean but this is better
to me than actual gold what do I need a
necklace something can I eat it
alright let's see how much this cost
okay just this dessert alone was fifty
dollars to put that perspective that is
one yogurt from Yogurtland for me I pack
a cup well alright so I guess we should
like cut this open right we shall break
it oh I'm so excited
here's to our new fancy life oh oh shit
oh my god wait yes bitch
oh look how pretty it is underneath
which is not how it would be for a rich
person if you cracked open a rich person
just tears would fall out try it next
time you go to thank God okay let's take
a bite of this oh my god
ooh Fah oh my god dude oh god oh what
spongebob character with this beef oh my
god that big fucking whale bitch I don't
know her name him she's very annoying
nice food okay so this next food I am so
excited about because
I fucking love macaroni cheese this is
truffle macaroni and cheese and it was
over $50 oh my God look at you can see
the breading you can seed cheese you can
see the crunchies
okay so let's transfer this to a plate
oh oh looks so good oh my I say that
looks so good it literally looks like
somebody throwing up on my plate that
looks so good my standards for food are
so low I was a talk about one time and I
saw them squirting the meat onto the
fucking tortilla and I was like god that
looks so good and my friend was like
that's the grossest thing I've ever seen
and then I said well you haven't seen me
eat it I like to take a burrito and like
put them out on the end angle and suck
out the inside that explains a lot about
my sexuality and also why my poops so
runny let's see alright here we go
our mac and cheese oh you see that you
see that fucking beautiful mac of cheese
okay here we go oh my god hold on
this is Chef Boyardee like this
literally tastes like Chef Boyardee like
I'm not mad at it I love chef like I
love the convenience of his food the
fact that it comes in a can just crack
open the top drink it don't even eat it
up but like this was $50 and it tastes
like Chef Boyardee that's ways do you
think it is chef party huh conspiracy
theory like this actually is poor people
food and that does not work for a fancy
ass bitch like me and I am very mad
about it I feel gypped I feel angry I
feel Jews I'm sending this back because
this is not what I asked for
so you can ejected back just bring with
two more sides of it just so I could cry
again make sure and then you could you
could take it there I can you movie
catch up okay three bottles out mega to
you you got it
okay so this next food is a big slab of
meat and it was a hundred dollars and I
guess it's expensive because it's still
on the bone which like I still got all
my bones and I'm cheap they also said
it's expensive because there is still
blood inside of it once again I got
blood I
expensive you know much I cost $1 if you
came up to me with a dollar bill and
said Ark bitch bro all right so here we
go let's pick up this piece of meat oh
my god oh my god it's like a cartoon
like you know they throw a big cartoon
steak at a big fat dog well first of all
you got to put on a plate because we're
fancy perfect okay so I guess we have to
like cut this open to see the blood
what is this video become oh yeah a
shame video okay let's do it
okay so here's the meat here's the knife
let's see if it bleeds what if that's
what my channel becomes will it lead ooh
collapse would be everything oh hey Gabi
show thanks so much for coming over
let's see if you bleed all right here we
go ooh this is satisfying oh I love this
I'm not vegan anymore I lost it five
minutes who my Trish Oh see what there's
not blood in there oh my god yes there
is okay can you see right there do you
see that that little fucking weird
little pimple of blood ooh ooh oh my god
it's a huge pimple that you can eat
without people judging you because when
you eat the real ones people tend to
stare okay
target let's cut this right now oh this
is fun Oh oh my god freely girl cover
your eyes you don't want to see this oh
okay oh yeah oh that feels good Wow
I don't even want to eat it though like
it's fun to cut but I don't really like
me
okay I'm vegan again all right here we
go let's take a bite of this meat okay
we go
I mean it doesn't taste like $100 it
honestly doesn't even taste as good as
take a Taco Bell and that comes out of a
tube Oh when they squeeze it on that
Crunchwrap fuck me up yeah I don't love
this also it's stuck in my teeth and
bitch you think I don't floss I haven't
way more important things to spend my
money on like this towel that has a
party llama on it what do I need soap
and shampoo or a party llama yeah are
you up yeah
not into this over it okay let me put my
party llama back oh my god twins where
is he
twaimz come back and miss you although I
don't understand why he's associated
with llamas does he look like a llama I
don't think it looks like a llama if
we're so shaded with the animals we look
like the bitch Pig party Pig oh my god
party Pig that's a you to read original
vibe everyone coming to a billboard near
you alright next book actually no what
no wait I want to continue on a party
Pig I want to develop this okay so the
show is about a pig who likes to party
and he goes to like frat houses and he
like has a wig on and he's like I'm a
person but then like when he laughs he
was burning or people are like Pig but
then have one party his wig falls off
and then all the frat boys like is that
a pig and then the other frat boy is
like ooh thank you and you know how
crappy love bacon especially when
they're drunk and then they all just cut
the party pig with a knife and fucking
put them on the grill and fucking eat
them that's not party pig that's what
would have happened if I would have went
to college next week okay I don't know
what the fuck these are well this is a
two-parter these are two desserts both
of which I'm pretty sure worth $50 this
is like some weird cake with like some
shit in the middle but if that's how the
waiter explained it hi welcome to the
fancy restaurant our special is this
weird fucking cake has some shit in
middle gross also we do not allow pigs
in the restaurant leave that's
ridiculous I'll take my business
elsewhere
Oh trotting off the haters
okay let's see I don't know what this is
let's see their part of it I've lost the
ability to squeal that's how excited
this makes me I don't know what this is
it tastes like blueberry but I also do
the chocolate the bread is like so soft
and so squishy and so gooey this really
makes the party Pig happy this is like
you know they say like oh I'm like a pig
in a pen right right or that's what my
mom said when she put me in a crib I
don't know either way great I love this
this is great what is this oh these look
at these fucking the lamed out
strawberries look at her look at how she
is but dazzled she is painted oh that's
beautiful
all right let's take a bite oh my god
hold on
I just want to spit out the fruit nobody
wants fruit in their dessert give me all
the sweet stuff this is a look oh no
these are good this was good I don't
know what she is but it's 2017 she
beware but she wants to be honestly
dessert neutral and strawberry queer the
little specials of the day that's it oh
this is our last food oh my god
congratulations you guys survived
another video this is fancy popcorn I
don't understand it was like $50
I guess it's fancy I don't know it
smells like oh fuck this smells like
everybody's breathitt coals I can't
explain what that means but you know
what I mean like when you're at Kohl's
you're like hi where's the bathroom and
that fucking annoying ass bitch at the
watch counter is like and then it hits
you that big fucking puff of nasty cloud
breath because you probably like went to
the food court during our lunch break
and she's like oh should I get a healthy
snack or should I go over to popcorn out
of this big pack of salad actually no
don't pack a salad what am I talking
about party pig would never party pig
would be like this food courts cute but
I saw Krispy Kreme down the street with
a full rush right now sign
so we've got about party pig does rent
party is all right let's try this
popcorn I don't know what it's supposed
to taste like
I don't really care here we go it tastes
like bad breath
it is like after you dig a shit in the
cold bathroom and you feel so good about
yourself that you run back up to that
bitch of the guac counter and you're
like and you kiss on the mouth that's
what it tastes like
security kicks you out for that so
morning all right guys go hopefully you
enjoyed this insane video I'm sorry I'm
in a weird mood today so I was kind of
all over the place I like honestly party
pig is coming 2017 get ready so make
sure to grab your hooves and give this
video hoop up if you enjoyed it also
take that food and click subscribe
because I make new videos every day
all my pigs and I'll see you guys
tomorrow also if you want to see more
videos of me trying weird foods I'll put
a link to a playlist on top of chips
below I tried rich people food before a
piece of food just flew out of my mouth
right now that was gross who knows
eating it off the floor my queen
aren't you guys Monaco I need to shower
I'm never wearing this again okay bye
guys you can just take a pill and then
just eat a bunch of fucking a healthy
gross ass food like this and pretend
like it's candy like walking into the
movies like uber I can't wait to see the
purge 3 oh that will be so loud
