give it up guys my name is Esther
welcome back to you what the fuck 5 2016
man did it suck dick I don't the only
one that thought that's right we could
all agree that 2016 was just the fucking
worse but don't worry guys the happy
luscious fields of 2017 I'm finally here
we make it for those real tears
I fucking hate 2016 - the end of the
year that a lot of times sucked a big
bag of salt and turtle dick for today's
weather by 5 because I'll be 5 trends
that just need to stay in 2016 also now
I don't have an explanation for why I'm
wearing a suit I just wanted to I'm
sorry
didn't mean to offend you fashion police
not allowed to wear a blazer hey left
you ever race it whoa finder rust yes
god damn it that's how I imagine every
social justice warrior on the Internet
number 1 Debbie well the origin of this
dance move is debatable it's not
debatable is how fucking stupid you look
when you do it whenever I see someone I
know dabbing I have to calmly explain to
them why we can't be friends but rarely
need an snoop started getting popular
around 2015 when several celebrities
started doing their own versions of the
damn food that looks like a mild form of
Tourette's the most notable of which
being Cam Newton from the NFL's Carolina
Panthers as well as Ellen and Hillary
Clinton why and as much as I hate on
dabbing I want to be honest I've never
actually done it myself so you know
maybe I'm just missing out on this giant
part of my life and once I do it I'll
finally understand and luckily for me
there's several thousand tutorials on
the internet that teach me how to bury
my face into my elbow and throw my
office in our back can't imagine the
results if I tried to dab without expert
instruction first so for the first time
and probably the only time in recorded
history I'm going to attempt to dab in
front of all of you okay so it's like
okay what the hell was that I didn't I
didn't enjoy any part of that on the
positive side I feel like I can now say
the word lit damn that was lit not I
just sound like a dad who's trying to
relate to his minecraft addicted
twelve-year-old son hey Johnny that
artificial tower you've been working on
for 14 straight hours is sure to look at
lit as fuck anyways now at the end of
2016 everyone in their fucking
grandmothers is dabbing literally
people's grandmothers like I'm not I'm
not kidding like that it's gotten so bad
where I see people dab while having
conversations yeah you got that geometry
homework man nah man oh sorry I was
diving all night oh me too broke down so
that said hopefully we can leave be
dabbing in 2016 and come up with a new
stupid dance move for 2017 I say we
bring back the Macarena cuz that shit
was lit as fuck number to perform a be
severe in the future and you're watching
this you don't remember what harambe is
and as a culture we probably let this
fucking gorilla finally rest in peace as
on May 28 2016 a young boy climbed into
a gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati
Ohio zoo and was captured on camera
being dragged by a gorilla named harambe
unfortunately the zookeepers decided for
the safety of the child to shoot and
killed Harambee with a sniper rifle
while the entire incident was highly
debated the reaction from the internet
was even more bizarre because Harambee
almost overnight becoming a beam that
has lived longer than the actual gorilla
soon after the internet adopted the
quote dicks out for Harambee to honor
and celebrate their fallen primate hero
while at the same time more than
doubling the arrests for indecent
exposure all right come on kid you go to
jail that was Donner in the rhombus not
surprisingly via Cincinnati Zoo has
issued several statements to the press
saying quote we are not pleased with the
Harambee meaning who fuck Harambee
wasn't pleased with being murdered is he
also to make this thing a lot more
fucked up during the presidential
election Harambee pulled almost 20,000
people and at one point was even tied
with Jill Stein in Texas which is real
fucking sad for Jill stuffily she has to
cry herself to sleep knowing that a dead
gorilla beat her in the polls
see that's what's wrong with America
right there we all complain that we
don't want Donald Trump as president yet
20,000 people woke up on the day of the
election
and consciously made a decision to vote
for a dead gorilla to be their president
this is why other countries hate us guys
look I'm not asking for Harambee to die
again but for the love of fuck and we
just leave him in the memes in 2016
bitch please number 3 dying celebrities
on a more serious now 2016 seem to be a
Kirsty er not only for all the other
bullshit that was going on but also
because a ton of celebrities passed away
throughout the year that just made the
world a little less brave Peter Vaughan
passed away this year at age 93 who was
best known for Aemon Targaryen from Game
of Thrones comedian and actor Gene
Wilder died at 83 best known as Willy
Wonka in 1971 Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory Kenny Baker who played
r2d2 in Star Wars passed away at 81
Anton Yelchin who was the incredibly
talented actor who played Chekov in the
Star Trek movies boxing legend Muhammad
Ali died at 74 for Parkinson's disease
pop megastar Prince passed away this
year at 57 Alan Rickman who played Snape
and Harry Potter died at 69 musician and
actor David Bowie left us this year also
at age 69 and most recently Carrie
Fisher and Debbie Reynolds who were both
extremely respected and talented
actresses as I've said before their
legacy will continue to inspire people
long after they're gone and may you all
rest in peace number 4 insane youtube
drama
well YouTube's always been a volatile
shitstorm of idiots I could say with
certainty that this last year has been
the epicentre of the YouTube shitstorm
like it seems like this year alone had
more YouTube drama than any other
fucking year in history so start us off
there was of course the drama concerning
marina Joyce and people thinking that
she was like abducted by Isis or being
abused which somehow gained her almost 2
million subscribers then there was a
drama about the finebros trying to
copyright the wordly act as they felt
like they owned it because of their
highly successful react channel which
almost lost them 2 million subscribers
because of it then more recently there
was the drama concerning PewDiePie
wanting to delete his channel after 50
million subscribers as well as his own
videos about the topic of YouTube drama
which were met with a lot of controversy
themselves there was a lot more than I
didn't mention there was a drama between
keemstar and leaf-eater chapei tosses
current situation boney C on Brian
Starr's rice gum fouseytube - bus kiss
was under some fire this year and all
this drama kind of makes me glad that
I'm still relatively unknown because I
fucking despise drama drama ever comes
'we usually just ignore it or send a
single Easter Island head emoji as a
response to it which by the way is one
of the best ways that you could ever
respond to drop your ex-boyfriend being
a bitch Easter Island head someone
calling you out for some shit Easter
Island head it works wonders that said
I'm kind of realizing it's a good thing
that I'm kind of unknown cuz like well
the rest of YouTube is sitting there
being like bullshit you can't just okay
I'm over your like this topic brings me
to the last and final thing that needs
to say in 2016 which is everyone being
offended by everything I can see the
word lamppost and someone out there is
gonna write a comment like that trigger
me I'm surprised and it just has to be
so exhausting to be fuckin offended by
everything Merry Christmas
go fuck yourself I'm Jewish Jesus Christ
don't you say the Lord's name in vain
piece of shit you just said you were
Jewish here's the thing guys people have
different views everyone has different
views and just because someone else's
views are different from your own
doesn't mean they need to be burned at
the stake with an iron rod in their
kneecap so now if everyone be
open-minded in 2017 I prepared a short
skit I've been titled get the fuck over
it hi I'm a man who identified the woman
who likes men I also voted for Trump I'm
a woman who sexually identifies as an
armored truck all of what you said just
started absolutely terrible but that's
your opinion and I respect you for it
let's go out and have a burger I'm vegan
but seriously there were people this
year that were offended that Starbucks
didn't make a holiday cup there were
people offended because doctors have to
include a baby's gender on their birth
certificate there was someone actually
offended this year that an uber driver
had a hula girl on his -
adorable get it make a balance in
pillaging of food like continent of
Hawaii dude I love pillaging the
continent of Hawaii I just love how much
of a continent Hawaii is but for real
guys I'm not asking for everyone to just
abandon their views on shit but can we
all just get along
no get out of here with your liberal
shit and go smoke weed at Burning Man
you fucking hippie great even my own
alter egos close-minded awesome plans
they for this episode of what the fuck
five hope you guys enjoyed it if you
didn't
may you be burned at the stake with an
iron rod in your kneecap if you did like
this video though make sure to give it a
like and also subscribe to this channel
as there will be more every single week
also before you guys go make sure to
check out my newest video on my channel
which is a what the fuck dude it's only
one of my new favorites actually I
really like doing that one oh god what
is happening you're a dickhole Destry
Smith this isn't necessary your emo hair
is lame that's it guys we'll see you
next time for another one the fuck five
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
