has to be guys yes today I'm going to be
once again trying some taste tripping
pills so I did this like two years ago I
think and basically what it is is it's
these little pills hashtag not spots but
basically you take these and then it
changes your taste buds for like an hour
and everything salty t sweet and
everything sweet taste salty so if I
tasted my salts yeah that would be
sweeter than candy now last time I did
this I tried I think lemons limes and
hot sauce but today I would fucking
crazy I have just the biggest platter of
stuff I don't even know if I can hold it
oh my god oh my god hello oh my god me
running to the couch with my snacks ooh
a sister sister marathon just a second
okay alright come on over
oh yeah I have all these fucking foods
and drinks and honestly things I've
never seen before I have no idea what
they are
I'm really excited okay so I took the
pill it's already dissolved my god me at
Coachella me a coach aloe and everybody
else is doing Molly and I'm doing taste
your pink pills oh my gooosh ego which
other cotton candy
oh it's so salty I love partying alright
so first I'm thinking let's go crazy I'm
gonna bind in this pepper now supposedly
this should taste sweet and usually it's
spicy and also this just looks like well
I know Christmas is over but Grinch dick
Grinch dick coming out of a whoo ass oh
my god the seat well How the Grinch
Stole my ass virginity do you think all
the who's died after Christmas because
that's their purpose right it's just
Christmas and that one's Christmas is
over it's like I it's like who exactly
where did they go in the ground
okay let's see here we go
oh my god oh my god those fun it's
literally like handy like it literally
feels like skittles got fucking weird
Wow oh my god
oh I never want this to stop these pills
are everything you could just take a
pill and then just eat a bunch of
fucking healthy gross ass food like this
and pretend like it's candy like walking
into the movies like ooh girl can't wait
to see the purge three oh that will be
so loud ah passengers I love this movie
shhh this is the power they're gonna
kiss okay Naboo ooh
Oh Pizza okay now this is what it should
have time to call Domino's so shit I
think some of our own also hi okay so
this is just like a microwave pizza but
supposedly it tastes like candy too
so I'm just going to take this and I'm
just going to talk about it okay let's
do this mmm
oh my god I just like a candy Pizza I
just like a gonna have a donut with like
meat frosting - it tastes better than it
Sam oh my other cheese oh this is so
weird
although you guys literally can't taste
any of this so why are you watching why
am I making this video it is for me oh
my god also talked about the bottom of
this pizza but usually because bro marks
this has like circle marks like what the
fuck is that supposed to be that was
like a heroin addicts titty like when
they ran out of space on their armor
they're like well guess all the stuff
that's in Lulu's
Tibbie yeah I'm driving bitch I don't
care this after Christmas I don't care
that she's already dead I'll drag a dead
bitch all day long I know this is
incredible I love this what's next
ooh-ah-ha
the website said that Guinness beer
tastes crazy now I've never tasted
Guinness fear at all I don't drink beer
but like I'm ready to drink the whole
thing and forget about everything
wait
ah your opener I'm straight crack it
open beer with my homies can you imagine
me with my homies okay guys come on over
already takes a miracle berry pills
we're gonna try some peppers it's gonna
get crazy you know what bring your dog
bring it all the dog toys hooked on the
dog night all right let me go try to
find something to open it up so I'm
currently by the sink because my beer
exploded because I was using a tool to
open it literally the only time I've
ever even used a tool read this again I
mean it doesn't get manlier than this
let me just put away my heart sponge all
right oh how my finger I mean oh that
didn't fucking hurt well you feel that
okay beers open all right my beer is
open and I'm ready to drink with my boys
clink dubois clink probably they're like
here's to get in bitches clink ahh oh my
god that tastes like bile if you don't
know what bile is hi Bill Nye the
Science Guy I'm gonna explain it to you
file is that shit that comes out your
mouth right before you puke or right
before you make a drop-dead fuckin dooty
dooty it literally tastes like poison
when you deserve it ah no this is
fucking gross I hate this not spawns I'm
sure it's great if you like beer I don't
I love a nice sweet drink rum chata
fireball literally sugar water
okay I'll save this for when I'm with
the boys so okay okay but you know what
I am going to try out this because it is
one of my favorites it is tequila now
I'm just going to take a little swish of
my tiny little cup ah that's the sound
at the start of a good night that's the
sound that here when it's like Oh
family's coming over for dinner there we
go
oh no there's a YouTube glitching fuser
down one day we're all gonna die just
makes everything better
okay take a hit
okay I didn't swallow it because I don't
want to be drunk for a video although
that will probably get so much better
no um it still pays like tequila it
doesn't taste any different I think
these pills stopped working I think I
need another pill being a Coachella
again alright let me take another one of
these pills I'm ready okay so I am
Brussels sprouts here I actually love
Brussels sprouts and I look like a bad
rap
I know Brussels sprouts are like the
Iggy Azalea of vegetables but like you
guys can't act like you weren't fucking
standing for fancy everybody loved fancy
they played that shit everywhere all
demographics they had that shit at the
Walmart they had that shirt at the
liquor store
they had that shit at Michaels and all
the fat crap these were dancing to it
turtle oh my god hands off fancy so now
I'm gonna drive some little E's okay but
Brussels sprouts by themselves like not
cooked are insane like really real sour
real bad the smell is that pretty girls
you know not think he's best oh here we
go
interesting they just manage it like
nothing like it's just like literally
nothing that's crazy because if you
don't have any Brussels breath in your
fridge if you're watching me that means
you don't I'm sure you have a cop
Twinkies in there but if you taste like
a robust without it fucking gross but
this made a normal oh my god all the
parents out there you want busy
vegetables help them some pills don't
even tell them put in their milk it'll
make your breast milk poppin your baby
won't get enough of it she'll bite that
nipple right off when you're sweating
from eating you know you need to go back
to the gym alright next food this food
can go fuck itself I hate this food so
much I don't even want to call it food I
want to call it crumbled up hatred cuz
that's what it is this is blue cheese
crumbles blue cheese can suck a dick
actually no that's enjoyable to some
people blue cheese could suck my dick
nobody likes that I hate it so much
I hate the smell I hate the flavor oh
I'm gonna try cuz I'm hoping it doesn't
taste
fucking ass ah ah it may your words ah
it's like sweet but it's power oh my god
let's just turn to a sour patch kids add
by the way guys okay
me and Andrew versed or Mina Khan does
not get me over there oh god oh fuck
okay I need something that might be good
so I'm gonna go in hard with my bitch
ketchup cuz I know she will not
disappoint man here we go
Oh God Wow Wow mmm oh my god it's like
and it's like big thick clumps of sugar
like that's what that tastes like that's
amazing it could drink that another
movie theater item this is the part
where you find out why Jennifer woke up
in the spaceship oh that's amazing you
know where is right next cuz it's in the
same family bitch that's tomato that was
a magic trick haha you too Brad can't
get a series of me just like doing that
cancelled here we go just gonna bite
right into it mmm ah I love these things
this is not font of it but come on whoo
girl ah anything that makes it vegetable
see it's like candy that's a miracle
oh god now I get it miracle berries it's
this far okay so I guess I should try
some sour patch kids no not sponsored
bill sponsor every single youtuber
except me it's like audible but I'm not
bitter
alright here we go just gonna drop a
bunch of mom
mmm we're all brothers bitch to a big
hammer gonna weathers off would it not
be the grossest video ever it's so crazy
like I can't get over it
this can't be good for my mouth cuz you
know what like ya makes everything sweet
but I'm literally taking full bites of
peppers and sour candies I just drank
ketchup
I'm fucked up let's keep going whoo this
is called a Jagermeister I've never had
it but I know that like Disney stars
drink it to slowly kill themselves so
let's do it
Oh watching the Disney Channel oh no
we're all ears
ah I've always wondered what it was like
to be a former Disney star now I know No
okay let's do our final one what should
I do
Cheetos bitch let's see if they're still
dangerously cheesy or if they're scarily
sweet I'll go what bad these like pie
that's a miracle
anything that can make something that
already day's amazing days like high
hallelujah how about leave in Jesus
we're gonna end it there he doesn't get
better that they can't get better than
that this is it
hi bye I got Scott that was me trying a
taste tripping miracle berry fucking
pill and obviously this really fucked me
up my brain cannot take what just
happened my mouth cannot take what just
happened I don't even know where I am
right now but I can't wait for all of
that to come out I'm gonna need a
miracle berry from a but I'll yeah
hopefully you enjoyed it if you did
please please please give me a thumbs up
and subscribe to my channel right down
below because I make new videos every
fucking day and if you want to see the
last time I tried these miracle berries
I'll put a link to that video the top
description below and I will see you
little taste tripping pills
tomorrow 5gu oh my god this this this
this is a fucking speaker but it's also
a cat that dances I need to stop
spending my money
