hey let's be guys yes that time again
what we're going to play with more
random shit I bought online that I
instantly regret it so I'm just gonna
get right into this cuz I have a lot of
things I want to play with today me when
I'm almost 30
alright yeah they're getting out do long
tonight I had to get up early for work
tomorrow got to get up and play with my
gak yes this is Nickelodeon yeah bitch I
was always too poor for these kind of
doors when I was kid we really have toys
we had problems but those can be fun too
if you Medicaid right so this is gak it
was really popular back in the day it
says you can stretch it bounce it bubble
it which I can already do with my gak so
didn't really need to buy it online
let's open the shit up I wonder if this
is literally from the 90s like this
probably won't even work oh my god isn't
it giving you all the feels all the
memories oh god it is make them stop
the flame of gas oh my god I'm excited
wait there's like a thing on top okay oh
my gag is covered me when I put on the
shirt oh my god
it's exactly how I remember the
commercials oh my god you you oh my god
yes bitch oh oh my god oh my god miss
childhood oh my god this is so fun I
know that you guys are having fun but
I'm attic blast okay let's try to win a
set stretch it that was fun
bouncing that didn't work bow it was
that mean oh my god wet fart machine I
really need that when I have my own
called an ass and it is always on no
batteries are why my mom that was a mom
fart you know what I'm talking about
hi that was a demon fart wait how do I
mobile it
this is everything I almost wrote I
almost died I was choked on my own gap
maybe whew that's a fucking thumbnail
bitch oh my god is put over whole
fucking head oh I just saw what I'm
gonna look like it's 60 like I saw the
bald patch and I saw the sad droopy skin
oh this is getting too real
oh I hate gag me I'm having a gag attack
I'm gonna put this gaff away ooh oh my
god this this this this is a fucking
speaker but it's also a cat that dances
I need to stop spending my money okay
so you plug your phone into it oh and
then you turn it on put into my phone
now let's play some problematic omission
up the side of the table so we can
really see her dance
oh my god I'm so excited okay ready here
we go oh my god this is my favorite
thing ever
ah yes big dad oh let's see a dance on
the ground yes bitch feel it Queen Oh
get on the bow yet it's four on the
floor yes
twerk on the wall Queen yeah oh my god
wait this is everything
oh wait let me do another song alright
let's get some literally my life up in
this bitch oh my god we're fucking twins
I danced it
when you're trying to have a party and
nobody came yes I love you oh okay so
next I got this is like a laser light
show and I guess it puts like a
bajillion lasers out and will blinds
people these look very dangerous I'm
really excited to point them in my face
and go blind let's do it so once again
these are for your party so hi all right
here we go spider growth party yes bitch
oh my god I love this you know just
party me some fucking music come on mr.
DJ yeah play some Trevor Moran up in
this bitch ha ha ha ha kitty whoo
there's different colors ooh
yes bitch oh the mixture oh my god let's
turn it up whoo oh my god what is this
one dude oh oh yes bitch yeah bitch
can you guys see this right now can you
see me because if you could see me it's
pretty sad whatever you man
yeah okay it's a sad that this is more
fun than any party I've ever been to
what's a party um I love this I think
this is so fun how's it huh Oh what you
doing bitch lush oh my god Oh uh-huh
oh my god when you got shot with the
loan and it's magical now that was worth
every penny
Wow okay so this I'm actually really
excited about this is a little black
light now I didn't get this online
technically I got this for my friends at
thread banger which is an amazing
YouTube channel I love them so much and
they send this to me and I'm really
excited because because of what this is
basically if you put this light on in
like your bedroom it will show you where
all this semen and blood is so if you're
like me everywhere this is what it looks
like when it's on so you can see all
that semen in my teeth it's all there
oh my god fucking facetune whoo oh my
god Joey Graceffa what oh my gosh in my
hair god I am such a party Queen oh
that's a demon hi oh my god
EW I hated that I loved it hi can you
imagine oh you're sleeping in your bed
having sweet dreams you open your eyes
in the middle of the night
this is fun
I love this kind of birds okay let's
take this to my bed by the way my
bedroom has had a fucking glow up I
don't think I've shown you guys this yet
look at the new bed look at the little
motel sign the fucking chair the mirror
I avoid the fucking Christmas tree that
I really should take down but I'm too
lazy and the bottle of lotion so that
just proves that this bed is going to be
covered okay let's turn the lights off
here we go ah okay all right do we see
any semen wait what does semen look like
I mean under a blacklight like I know
what it looks like but like under a
blacklight
does it like glow where is it where's
all the semen oh my god is it on my
pillow is that semen on my pillow that
would actually make a lot of sense
oh the body pillow I mean there has to
be semen covering this body pillow but
we're threat bangers help where's my
semen oh wait you know what I just
washed my bedding do you think that's
why okay wait let me try to find
something that I've never washed
okay maybe Lunas blanket cuz I don't
know your dog's semen no where is all
the calm if I looked and it was just all
over the tree I love Christmas all right
there's no calm anywhere maybe in my
closet oh my god look at all my glowing
clothes those are my underwear how sad
hi I wear neon green underwear and I'm
28 years old
but don't worry over here I have a
blanket that's a bunch of thumbnails
from all my videos what if they were
semen all over that I don't love myself
enough for that okay there's no semen
anywhere that was a seaman fail or as I
call it anytime I come okay so the next
thing we got is these which are the thug
life glasses I don't know what that is
let me refresh your memory and tie your
shoes I can't tie my shoes but I can
fuck your bitch swap fuck you bitch
oh my fucking queen so these glasses are
the glasses from the me alright so let
me think uh something really funny to
say you probably didn't see me come in
my room because it's all in your ass
what fuck you bitch that was a waste of
money
next item okay so this next item is for
my dog and it's this little mouth and
you put in your dog's mouth and he runs
around and it looks like you smiling
even though on the inside he's saying
help me let's go do it
ooh no John got you a toy it's gonna
make you look happy okay yeah yeah yeah
okay sit okay or not okay yeah good job
okay ready ready ready bite on this bite
it
come here putting him out come on eat it
babe look yum yum uh he hates happiness
come on babe open your mouth look yeah
yeah eat it
be happy look look at happy dad is
Daniel laughing do you want have you
like dad stop running away from
happiness okay you know we'll make him
happy
not this toy but you know I have a
surprise for you look at this dancing
cat no come on it's a cat dancing to
Daddy's music come on
come on
come on you now hahahahaha daddy was a
pop star
just admit it okay so the next thing I
got online were actual arcade versions
of Mario Kart and I got two of them so I
can battle all my friends and I've been
having a fucking blast oh yeah oh yeah
you're gonna win but no just drop the
squirtle Oh play yeah
stop it I need to leave the house okay
so the last thing we're going to play
with is called a party in the tub now
the party in the tub is similar the
party I've been avid in here well what's
the opposite of lid I don't know how to
spell it but it'll be the sound so
basically put batteries in it lights up
it makes the tub
feel like a big disco party let's go do
it okay so I'm in my bath outfit
obviously I am NOT naked and I have GERD
here he's helping me try to figure out
how to work the party in the tub you bet
your boat and get this open so you tried
to pry it so I couldn't figure it out so
then I try to pry it open with a
screwdriver um yeah I could tell you
clearly tried to pry it open well before
you didn't have Garrett on the case
ouch five minutes later still broke it
okay so here's my backup first of all
I'm making the bath also my bath is
literally blue and I don't know why
that's not a bomb bitch
that's just my dirty water but my backup
idea is if that doesn't work I got my
party lights bitch and I'm ready to play
uh you're not gonna have us you're never
gonna make that well
just wait and see all right well I'm
gonna get in my back oh wow look he
totally made it work
look at that party with your imagination
anything's possible
Oh even death okay so fill me getting
into my tub
all your clothing on oh wait let me
fucking my shirt don't want anything
come out dodo do you like watching got
it cut himself up he loves it here we go
oh it's cold
howl axing let's just sink into that
hole my phone in my pocket
oh my god oh okay ready whip turn off
the lights here we go and morning yeah
welcome to my tub oh my god wait leave
change colors oh hey bro wait for it oh
let me turn the speed up nothing's
happening why is everything in my life
breaking oh money posit oh wow this is
great guys hopefully you enjoyed this
video
oh no the water is going away hold on we
just covered with a big fat ass we're
going down my eyes go that was me trying
a bunch of weird shit I got online and
just wasting all my money also gonna
have to shave my head after this some of
you guys enjoyed it if you did please
give it a thumbs up if you want more of
these videos give me a thumbs up so I
know also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below cuz I'm in new
videos every Monday and I'll see you
little dancing cats tomorrow bye
so I told you guys earlier that some
tons
stay under cop died well one of the nuns
supposedly was raped and then hanged in
the forest she's haunting it today I
like hearing the Shane conspiracy voice
IRL I know it's crazy
