hey what's up you guys yes today we're
gonna be talking about another haunted
location and that is suicide forest so
first we're going to talk about the
suicide forest in Japan which is one of
the most haunted places in the world so
obviously I can't go there today so what
I'm going to do is me and my friends
Drew and Garrett are going to go to a
haunted forest that's pretty close to my
house so we're going to do that later
but first let's talk about suicide
forest in Japan so this is the name of
actual land that suicide forest is on I
am NOT going to try to pronounce that
because I will fucking butcher it now
this forest is referred to as suicide
forest because a hundred people a year
killed themselves there it's right next
to Mount Fuji and it's thirteen and a
half square miles the forest has so many
trees that it's referred to as sea of
trees some people don't even go there to
kill themselves they literally get lost
because it's so confusing once you start
walking around you get disoriented you
forget where you are you don't remember
where you came from some people try to
leave breadcrumbs but then animals will
eat them and then they can't find their
way back to their car but for the most
part people that go to this forest are
not going to explore it they are going
to end their lives now because so many
people go to kill themselves there there
are signs everywhere
scientists say think carefully about
your children and your family
scientists say your life is a precious
gift from your parents but unfortunately
most of the time the signs do not work
now the ways people kill themselves
there are usually by hanging themselves
from the trees but some people also
poison themselves or overdose on drugs
and because this force is so big and so
complicated and so hard to find things
there are bodies that have been rotting
there for years if you go explore around
this forest the chances of you finding
bones or finding a skull or even finding
a body hanging from a tree from like 30
years ago
are pretty crazy now because of all of
the suicides in this forest it is known
to be one of the most haunted places in
except that all the ghosts of people who
killed themselves there are wandering
around forest looking for out some even
believe that if you go to that forest
not wanting to kill yourself just being
surrounded by all of those depressed
spirits will make you do it anyways
there's been movies made about this
documentaries made about this forest and
pretty much everybody in Japan knows
that that is somewhere that you do know
for the people that have went there and
survived some of the pictures they took
are so disturbing
here's just a few
okay so that's the most haunted forest
in the world now obviously I'm not close
to that forest and plus I wouldn't go
there anyways but there is a forest
pretty close to me in Pasadena that's
said to be extremely haunted and it's
called the enchanted forest
so this forest was originally an estate
owned by a man named Charles H Cobb he
bought it in 1916 and builds a huge
mansion on the land when he died in 1939
he wanted it to be given back to a
church for a while nuns lived there but
then as they moved out in 1950s it
started to decay then as the house and
the land decayed it turned into like a
hub of criminal activity the people go
in there doing drug deals selling sex
hopefully some murders it was kind of
just a place for a bunch really lowlifes
telling people to go and then it was
just abandoned so now it's technically
owned by the LA forest but it is
abandoned and it's just an empty estate
and over the years there have been tons
of rumors about things that go on there
there has been rumors of KKK meetings
satanic rituals people doing black magic
pretty much every evil thing you could
think of because there's nobody watching
it's abandoned and it's in the middle of
nowhere and not only does supposedly a
bunch of really disturbing shit happen
there at night it is also said to be
haunted by the ghost of cops and he's
really really pissed because they turned
his land into a place so we're gonna go
check it out
okay guys we're in the car right now
with my ghost hunting squad every layer
what I almost hit someone with my car
you didn't see that it was wrong did we
almost became ghosts I told you to turn
right I'm turning right now I just I'm
so conscious any murder say let's go
make some ghosts okay so we are on our
way to the haunted forest so I was doing
some research on this when I was waiting
for you guys and I thought some crazy
fucking shit right ready for this and
get those were cuss words for sure so I
told you guys earlier that some nuns
were living in the estate under crops
died well one of the nuns supposedly was
raped and then hanged the first she's
haunting it today I like hearing the
Shane conspiracy voice IRL
I know it's creepy drew are you a
nervous are you scared
I actually am more scared for this one
than the other ones I'd you know she
never tells us before we show up on set
but it's gonna be and when he told me I
just went you know this is what the job
is I guess know this is scary let me
explain why this is scary because it's
an actual fucking forest it's a real
abandoned haunted mansion there has been
satanic rituals taking place there KKK
has had meetings there I have a weapon
I'm bringing this mighty God for real
are you stupid fucker cuz you need your
car falls in the water or something you
have to be able to bust out your window
really that's why you do that yeah
everyone needs to do stuff like that you
don't want to be a ghost okay so here's
what we're supposed to be looking for
when right in the forest so supposedly
people say that they hear screaming
coming for the forest but
nobody ever there they also say they see
strange lights coming from the forest
like with your flashlights but there's
no other people there and this is the
weirdest one people have claimed that
they smell it dead rotting carcasses
which I smell in this car
Oh Ronnie I know this cars disgusting
shut up no no but supposedly that is a
smell of a demon is when you smell a
rotting carcass and other reasons it's
scary is we're literally not supposed to
go there like it is gated off there's
going to be you know like locks and shit
I don't know I'm scared like should we
pop up in the gate here and then break
so fucking uh true but also supposedly
this forest is so like incredibly dark
and incredibly confusing that people get
lost in there and I'm not trying to die
so we have our flashlights we have our
GPS let's not go in too deep guys okay
so we are less than a mile away and I'm
starting to see less and less houses I'm
kind of confused because I didn't even
know there was forests where we live
have you ever seen a forest over here
yeah like okay big sometimes up here
actually this Pasadena
oh shut up you're supposed to say no
this is so scary Shane I've ever seen a
forest in LA I'm getting spooked as hell
and I can feel the veil getting thinner
wait there's for us okay so we found
that entrance to the forest this is so
fucking creepy wait where's the gate
that's where we can get in see where
it's gonna short right there no there's
an actual like gate oh no I'll go in you
wanna you wanna hop it is you want to
illegally enter the haunted forest
I'm sure the ghosts have more respect
free if you enter that way yeah so
that's that's the kaabah state they use
only so that's where we go in that must
be where we entered so what the fuck so
that must be where the houses I mean
let's get out walk around right yes so
we are parking here on this road which
by the way we are not supposed to and so
there's a change in this car getting
towed but it's worth it yeah well not
for me it's for the kids at home
okay so Garrett is like there's somebody
over there standing by the fence and I
told care to go talk to him cuz like he
looks Shady here's the thing the person
it's like they don't have skin it's just
fuck off I get so weird no it is where
there's like cars constantly like
stopping over here and then leaving like
no like this is a weird place where
people come and do really fucked up
illegal shit let me show you guys this
creepy ass fucking mountain Wow
you can't really see it but it goes up
so far and it's so fucking creepy right
you can see Garret talking to somebody
over there should we go over there okay
so wait who is that guy what's going on
names Ben he's a friend why is he here
they're just up there just wanna hang up
like they good do they know it's haunted
yeah why he said they're just gonna go
like goof and stuff kids will be kids
wait what they say about it you don't
technically have come over here hey you
Ben
okay wait so tell us is this place
haunted I don't think so what do you
mean you know why the first of all
you're in your pajamas but I'm not gonna
clock you on that wait so why are you
here then uh I don't know we just want
to do something and fun I guess let's
have spooky probably but it's not witchy
you don't know anything about this place
you don't know about the ghosts the
demons the KKK the raves what do your
friends know about this no they don't
know anything either wait do you guys
not know what's happening here
wait so this place that you guys are at
is haunted by nuns who got raped and
murdered no okay so why don't you guys
go first and then tell us what you see
yeah all right have fun okay so they're
going inside we're waiting back but I
want to look at this socata state so
that must be the trail that leads to the
forest what does this say a quiet refuge
for people in wild life forever it was
just supposed to be a quiet refuge for
people when a 1988 that's here us-born
okay so this is the gay that I saw in
all those pictures so where's the house
there's no trespassing signs are
everywhere all right let's go inside
okay guys so we're walking up right now
it's really dark so it's hard to see
there's other people here so like I
think we hear screaming it might not be
ghosts it might be people actually dying
look at this it's just this long fucking
road I guess to the forest I ready for
the forest drew wait fuck what was that
a little bit fuck
wasn't filming but something really big
just flashed in this guy and everybody
freaked out
well did you see that yeah that was like
it caught my attention from what the
fuck was that they said in the fucking
article online it said that weird lights
and weird shit happens in the sky around
here alright let's keep going let's get
going okay so remember we have to listen
for screaming we have to see what we
smell I don't have to see if we get the
feeling that somebody's watching us so
this place also used to be a cemetery I
think they left them here it goes on
literally forever
there was a sign over there I was
talking about how many miles the track
is and it's like three miles and there's
a four mile one it just goes on like
it's like endless what do you see you're
gonna pee in the haunted forest
oh do you think one of these trees is
where the nun was hanged is that fucking
crazy to think about wait what's on that
tree oh it's just graffiti it's Haunted
graffiti oh my god what if it literally
said like we worship the devil here
what is that site poppy oh my god
who's poppy wait poppy the ghost copy
the girl so I'm trying to see if I can
hear anything strange or see anything
strange what'd you find
these gravestones so I'm gonna be honest
I don't hear any screaming I don't smell
anything weird I don't see any ghosts
nones we did see a big flash we just see
the big flash and honestly it does feel
really fucking weird here like it
definitely feels creepy feels weird
there's like a scary vibe but I also
feel like I will get lost if we kept
going and this is like five miles yeah I
also feel like teenagers just come up
here to have sex well buddy let's go for
in that I'm not see that all right let's
get out of here if we see anybody else
looks like ask them if they just never
seen anything creepy cuz I feel like
somebody has to have a scary story right
yeah I guess we'll find him let's just
make one ourselves oh oh it's going time
wait that's a good idea
and we can be the characters and the
spooks can be real that's negative uh
guys is that a skull wait a second there
was a school in my class what year the
teacher was it goes oh okay the story's
confusing was she wait I heard something
right yeah and it wasn't coming from
where those kids were it was coming from
over here no I swear to God a different
screaming no we should the people that
sound like hyenas wait what was that
is that consensual fun I'm scary no that
actually sounds like wait hold on let's
go find them because it does sound like
real people though that girl is like
screaming like for real okay honestly
I'm not even kidding
there's a story about a nun being hard
and then we hear girls screaming like
she's in trouble that is a little scary
I know oh my god okay let's go find it
wait what is that is that somebody's
house wait what is that
that's chilling look at inside what the
fuck is that oh we're good like a
friggin Hardy Boys right now a reference
from the 30s that's what people want to
hear wait wait what is that it really
that looks like a fucking bomb that is
that wait we're wait I'm soaking window
right there yeah that is a broken window
dude you want to get close okay okay
wait no you do it cuz I'm scared you do
because I need you it looks like where
they keep people that are misbehaving
it's scary
yep that's a very horrifying thing and
there's barbed wire keeping people out
oh yeah I definitely understand the
feeling like you're being watched to
sensation right now believe these kids
are asking if there's anything up there
should be like yep um well supposedly
there's demons we left because we found
this girl like hunched over and she was
crying
and it was like very got really intense
oh my god Oh anyways there was a nun
getting raped and somebody hung
themselves what is it well okay wait you
guys are telling us sounds like what
yeah they hided the trees weeps clouds
did they hide in the trees wait this is
where like the killer clowns were hot of
course if you go down this road turn red
they rode right after McHenry how far
it's like that it's not far away under
the clouds around right now they stopped
we why is it old rickety like bridges
yeah yeah wait wait I'm gonna count out
tonight no it's just no it's usually
around Halloween but you never know cuz
there's just weird ass bees one of her
friends went up there and there was like
her friends apparently saw a bunch of
clowns yeah wait so what are you guys
trying to see tonight we're just kind of
we like looking at weird shit like this
like after I watch your video we went to
a suicide bridge
did you find the the friggin Ouija board
no don't mean how to get like directly
under it
oh there's like a big fence around it uh
hopefully you guys don't die tonight but
if you do buy that would be great on the
video all right good luck really quick
before we get in the car
this person has a snowman holding a
shotgun let's go okay so we're back in
the car but I have one last idea so I
think we should try using the ghost
radar app oh hey agree and see if
anything pops up that is such a cool
idea the words are we looking for
I think if it says anything about a
forest okay here we go ah what wait wait
just said something July July wait there
says there's a ghost right there yeah
does anything happened in July I rented
everything my weight when I was born and
over there was night night oh you got me
look guys that's my camera you got me
that's specific oh the people flies off
the mountain the none flew out of the
tree haptic captain the new jet the new
captain this new person can be a movie
we will in July captain flies
gosh that's what we saw was a fucking
shit over there when did we see a shit
member you saw the windows broken out
oh my G Donnie wait come on give us
something about the forest should give
us a none
come on ghosties what if we turn on to
ghost radars really is a terrible app
same font is the like name of the app
you're right that's terrible well guys
we don't find any ghosts today but wait
give it a chance the next word is gonna
be something great none what wait where
should we go next time because we need
somewhere work we're in danger we should
just go to a straight-up Cemetery like a
real one I want to find an abandoned
building why don't we
our selves oh my god
Oh serious advertising hahaha let's go
there you guys go
Willie you enjoyed that creepy video if
you did and you want being here and rude
go exploring places please give me a
thumbs up so I know also subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see more of my creepy videos and
more videos that mean carriage you
exploring I'll put a link to a playlist
right in Kapaa description booth alright
you guys I will see you little demons
tomorrow I and strike up help me Oh
bitch bow that's everything bitch
snatching the haters smacking the meters
fucking crumbling that haters with your
chip hands
