you said as trans people we shouldn't be
getting so offended we should have
thicker skin than everybody else because
I got to go through so much so it is
interesting that some some of these
trans people online are so offended by
everything like you say you've been
through so much like you're not offended
by somebody accidentally calling you
heel who gives up it sounds dark to joke
about that like there's a lot of suicide
in the trans community and I feel like
it's because a lot of people go into it
and they expect the world to transition
with them it doesn't work like that
yeah because yes I am back and I'm ready
to hack your life now these hacks are
really stupid I wanted to make these
ones especially stupid because like they
took a little break and like I feel like
laying around on the couch somehow made
me dumber because like I did not use my
brain at all like the second I decided
to take a break it was like and if
you're wondering yes my brain is a beats
pill and it's just always playing
literally my life okay so yes we're
going to start with the hacks first I'm
gonna do a fashion hack because I feel
like it's the new year fucking new me
new trends and I'm tired of going by the
trends that the media sets for me so I'm
ready to start my own and that's why
we're going to be making a jury go bag
hat you think I'm kidding I know so
oddly enough I just happen to have an
empty family size bag of Doritos in my
house don't know how that happened so I
always like you know just could be a
fuckin hat and it goes with everything
like they say black goes with everything
but when you put food on top of this
body it all makes sense so my thought is
let's turn her into a beanie so we're
just going to roll a little bit like
that now we are this point you slide
four on top of our head oh my god it
doesn't fit oh I'm gonna have a
breakdown I'm gonna get emotional my
fucking head is too big for a family
size bag of chips wow that's a
realization moment we can fix this okay
you know what I'll do I am just gonna do
what I had to do with my senior
graduation gown and we are just going to
cut the back just a little bit just to
make some room so
the other kids do it too they said they
lied here we go
okay yeah bish who is she she's not
hungry oh my god oh that is crib crude
is a mixture of cute and really sad crew
umm I love that I love my new hat I love
that it kind of like has this little
thing right here like this flap to like
catch all the haters and then you could
just like empty them out oh I love it
like the Mad Hatter the Mad Hatter the
fell Hatter mad and fatter new Twitter
bio now you think we're dumb bitch but
we're not because I was thinking you
know what a hat needs like in the winter
it's cold outside my hands are freezing
so why not make the fuckin shitbag the
bitch now these are definitely gonna fit
my hands because my hands are the size
of rodent hands I have the tiniest
little baby hands like put your put your
hand up to the screen are you doing it
okay yours is bigger than mine isn't it
like that's how fucking small my hand is
so I'm thinking what we're gonna do is
we need to cut one two three four five
holes I just counted how many fingers I
had told you my brains off okay here we
go so this is going to be my front so I
think I'm just going to do one oh my god
this is like if like nerdy nummies had a
mental breakdown these are the types of
videos she'd start making she'd be like
everyone so today we're gonna be making
chimp Club and this video is brought to
you by me running out of pills oh I
can't wait for a youtuber breakdown like
that like it'll never be nerdy to me
because she's too smart for that but
just imagine how everything it would be
it's like such a clean perfect youtuber
just fucking broke like if they just
woke up one day and they were like I'm
gonna do a knife haul or like I'm gonna
do my abortion routine although be like
imagine zoella showing her bloody pads
hey everyone so today I'm going to show
you my bloody pads
welcome to bluntness I'll subscribe it
alright here we go
let me put these on my hands oh my god
these are
everything Wow oh my god and strike up
help me Oh bitch bow that's everything
bitch snatching the haters smacking the
haters fucking crumbling that haters
with your chip hands this is so cute I
love this this is me this is me okay
I'm ready for another kind of got video
how much show music hey guys um I feel
like I haven't known myself for my
entirely and recently I was doing this
life hack video and I decided to put a
family-sized bag of Doritos on my head
and tiny Doritos bags on my hands and
when I looked in the viewfinder of the
camera it's like I finally saw myself
just a fucking loser and wearing chip
bags as accessories this is me
if you feel the same way I do
and you feel like you are just a human
who should be covered in food wrappers
and stop hiding get all the food
wrappers in your kitchen right now you
fat fuck and you put them all over your
body and you want right into your
family's room and you say this is me
this is me and then they say did you eat
all the food again if you say yeah yeah
and subscribe all right so this next
hack once again involves fire just can't
get enough but it also involves
silly-string because well the party is
going to be lit ago now I saw a video of
somebody lighting silly-string on fire
at some birthday party and it literally
blew up this man just watch
I know let's do it okay so I think what
I'm gonna do is make like a little
silly-string sculpture and then we're
going to like that good job god this is
so fun
or is it like when you're alone having a
silly string fight by yourself that's
what all right here we go
oh my god you bitch yeah oh wait can you
guys see that look totally ricochet look
it's like it's literally just going all
over my kitchen no that's great maybe if
I like make a little bowl oh gosh there
we go no oh my god oh there it is
oh I'm gonna make a big dick oh my god
3d printing it's the future and that's a
big fatty
Belka fat dick right there dad okay
let's light her up I'm actually scared
this is not a good idea
all right here we go oh god just the tip
oh I'm scared oh is this a bad idea
oh my god wait let me get water just you
can't say need to put out a fire all
right here we go it's not burning what
the ha why had it burning hello
nothing hold on it says not flammable on
the packaging that fucking video lied to
me are you seeing a video on the
internet right to me I would never lie
to you guys when I told you that a
Dorito bag on your head it was gonna be
everything and it fucking was that
wasn't a lie that was the truth and this
little fucker ah all right well I need
like something on fire damage what do I
got fuck it looks like a cake hub I
don't know if it's gonna be that
exciting but I think it'll burn alright
here we go
is this not fucking lighting here
we know oh my God look we can you see
that whoa
whoo oh my god it's art oh my god this
is everything can you see them oh my god
you see it looks like it's giving birth
Wow
the coffee's on fire oh my god oh wow oh
my god really on fire wow that's
beautiful can you see that that's what
I'm doing with my life what are you
doing whoa Wow good job grass what a
party all right so the next hack is to
remove sharpie on clothing all you have
to do is use hand sanitizer now I got
some sharpie and a hand sanitizer and I
wanted to get a shirt that I was like
hey char peeing on so I got this shirt
that a fan gave me at a book signing
um and it's basically my fat fucking
high school face on a shark why would
you do this to me Oh Shane I'm so proud
for a new book here's the old you here
is the fucking hiking Pig of the past uh
I hate this picture but it is very sweet
and somebody made it let's draw all over
it ruin it
let's burn this okay so what I'm gonna
do is draw something on this that I
probably see like in high school on my
locker you just want to keep it legit
all right perfect
just a nice little um abbreviated kill
yourself because the lockers are smell
then you have that dick flying into my
fucking big pig mouth and then you have
a fat fuck written over my face so OTD
oh my god if a guru lost their mind hey
guys welcome to my OTD so this is the
DIY should of me from high school I
hated her all you need it's a sharpie
and a lot of pain okay so now we're
going to try this hat so basically it's
supposed to take the sharpie off right
away see if it works okay grab a paper
towel and the shirt is ruined
oh I feel bad it was supposed to work
oh no I'm sorry person that got me this
shirt that probably paid $20 to make it
I hope my hug I gave you was worth it
although you know what I feel like now
this shirt is even more wearable because
like if I just wore this shirt with just
my face on it people be like that's
conceited but now that's the opposite of
conceited this just screams help
right okay so I have two quick
McDonald's hacks the first McDonald hack
charger phone with a large fry that's
not gonna work so I'm not gonna try it I
literally just got these because I
wanted to eat them hacked okay but this
hat actually had me really curious this
is like a flavor head so I saw this
website that said if you dip cauliflower
and barbecue sauce it tastes just like a
chicken nugget from McDonald's after
some reason I feel like it might be true
I don't know I know that's crazy from
getting my hopes up because like the
only way anything would taste like a
chicken after McDonald's it's if it was
made out of the same amazing pink sludge
first of all I don't know how to break
open fucking cauliflower oh God
okay so here's low bass cauliflower
let's open up this barbecue sauce Tony
Roma's original isn't that football
player right baseball basketball Puppy
Bowl and all right it's a dippy dippy
okay let's see if it's a nugget
mmm I love it it is like a barbecue fart
find out so far after you go to like
Lucy's barbecue grill and you drink
barbecue sauce in your farts art look
that is not a nugget bitch nowadays like
a McDonald's employees are because
honestly I work there I'll be drinking
that barbecue sauce bitch
Oh No I hated that the heck did not work
and also this is such a disaster
I have hand sanitizer Oh pressure shit
on fire behind me silly string
everywhere this is like the aftermath of
a party that didn't happen killing it
okay so our last hack I'm actually
really excited about because I saw this
on
I remember what web site I saw this on
going I saw I screamed like I actually
like my breath new year new me new
sounds okay this is making a bread in
the mug with ice cream okay so first I
have up my mug which is my favorite mug
of all time this is from my friend Kate
get for me for Christmas it's a scream
mug can you see that ah I love it so it
reminds me of my childhood which is why
I'm using it because you know what else
reminds me of my childhood an entire
carton of ice cream okay so let's pour
some flour into this mug
I don't know measurement so I'm just
want to say I don't know like that much
now I have this entire carton of melted
ice cream because I needed to like mix
and I think what I should do first
because honestly it would be a tragedy
if I didn't we just take a quick little
drink oh my god milkshake hack oh my god
milkshake hack that's
that's also 5,000 calories so now we
want to take them up and we're going to
pour in oh my god oh this is cookie
dough by the way fuck uh-huh and now we
want to mix that before oh my god and
then you mix it and it creates a dough
and now we want to put that in the
microwave for a few minutes and have
ourselves a night literally just go into
a food coma bye
okay so it was just in the microwave for
two minutes and oh my god okay
the smell is everything can you see how
that looks
that's beautiful you can see fucking
chaplet chips oh my god oh my god Oh
marked oh my god the fucking melted
chocolate bitch fuck oh my god okay okay
oh here we go
happy 2017 oh my god oh my god this is
so good Mikko was all your friends I'm
gonna Friday night fuck the melted ice
cream thing a flower mix it all together
putting a bunch of fucking muffin tins
bitch sit around must beheading videos
Oh party girls oh my god that's so good
oh my god I should add some whipped
cream and some chocolate sauce I didn't
really think this through wait let's see
if we can like bring the whole thing out
oh man
love oh it's steaming look at all of
that bread look at the fucking chocolate
chips oh my god it's like stuffing this
is stuffing this is like dessert
stuffing bitch should we just create the
new Thanksgiving item I'm thankful for
EpiPens because after eating this you're
gonna need one and I'm thankful for
stretchy pants I own ten pairs or
Glasgow hopefully you enjoyed my party
we had silly-string we had ice cream we
have fire and we had disappointment
that's a party where guys go hope you
enjoyed that if you did
more life hack videos please give me a
thumbs up so I know also subscribe to my
channel right now below because of new
videos every Sunday and if you want to
see all my other life hack videos I've
done a bajillion of them I'll put a link
to a playlist right the top of the
description below
alright live hackers I will see you
tomorrow also please please make a
Dorito hat and fucking chip gloves and
send them to me on instagram tag my ass
I need to see my trash means come out
we're ready for you guys it's good no
you are not height reaming at me taco
lid
