guys he just finished a podcast with
Blair white hi
take it mad get mad get triggered we
talked about a lot of shit a lot of
people to get mad but honestly I love an
unfiltered conversation we talked about
everything trans rights we talked about
dicks pussies what else everyone being
mad basic everybody mean that go to
center console shady friends check it
out by hands if you guys yes I'm fucking
that bitch I showered I did my hair I
put on underwear that's a lie but the
first two were truth oh my god two
truths in line so before we get started
I just want to say thank you guys for
letting me take a little break it was
very nice I threw up the whole time and
now I'm ready to eat so today is going
to fuck me up it's gonna fuck you up
it's gonna fuck the world up I'm trying
Donald Trump no I'm kidding although oh
he would be tasty you know how much I
love Cheetos he would literally be like
a big balloon full of cheese and he just
a minute a balloon into Canada is that
assassination
that's a cheese a nation okay so today
we are going to do Taco Bell and around
the world and we are going to start in
the UK
okay this I am so excited this is called
a chuckle marsh now basically what that
is is a Crunchwrap supreme except
instead of all the normal Taco Bell
ingredients they put motherfucking
marshmallows and a Hershey's chocolate
bar bitch alright get ready for this I
am so proud of this I made this myself
here she is
oh my god look at that fucking gooey
marshmallow it's going up inside it oh
okay hold on let me cut this shit in
half by the way my knife already has
cake frosting on it are we surprised
nope here we go okay oh my god Oh
oh my god fuck oh if you stabbed me like
literally that's what you get you know
how like in the screen movies would
people get stabbed and they like oh
choke up blood I would be like haha
choking a branch alright oh my god it's
so hot okay let me just pick this oh my
god fuck me
oh bitch fuck oh my god oh my god oh
fuck ah bitch she's bad look hot I took
a break cuz I got food poisoning and
then I'm like okay I'm healthy again
let's eat this this will actually kill
me okay I don't even know where to start
okay you know what oh my god fuck okay
I'm just gonna go in it's gonna go in
here we go
he's like a metro guys more of it it's
chocolatey
oh my god it's marshmallowy oh it's
crunchy because I put in the microwave
for way too long
oh it's making me lightheaded it's
really flaring up my pre-diabetes I
don't know why the UK always thinks of
the most genius shit but this is
probably the top like yeah the
double-decker buses those are cute
although sidenote did you know that like
bus jets are the biggest form of death
in the UK like when I went to the UK
people were like watch out for busses
and I'm like don't worry I know I never
get about it they're dirty they're gross
they smell there's much in normies
everywhere like where's my youtube
transportation where's me youtuber oh my
god youtuber like uber buffer are
youtubers every tricks the story time
what was I talking about
oh yeah Jeff perfect relates to this I'm
gonna die I'm gonna eat this whole thing
and die welcome back Shane next food
should I like wipe that off yeah okay
let me wipe that off
got it alright this next one is from
Japan Ricky go home okay this is what I
am least excited about I do not want
this I hate this this is a shrimp
avocado what sobbing a anaise burrito
shrimp should not exist the fact that
people want to eat tiny little curled up
baby dicks is mind-blowing to me I know
I've ranted about this again but big
double rates again fish I get it chicken
fuck me up burgers you're cute
shrimp first of all they have a like
line of shit inside of them that you
have to pull out which sounds very
convenient and I wish humans had that
but the texture of them is literally
like crunchy chewy mushy bones like if
you were all like 200 and you're going
through like a bone disease and you're
like almost dead and your bones are like
melted like you can't even walk it's
like run up me after I hike if I ever
hiked that is exactly the texture of
shrimp just die off any no offense if
you're a 200 year old person with bone
disease I wish you well also the
mayonnaise they did not sell wasabi
mayonnaise at the store so I cooked
shit up I had to cook that shit up bitch
I'm tired I just had a break I backed
down made me work I had to get wasabi I
didn't get mayonnaise
I had a make session together again how
long it took 30 seconds you know what I
could have been doing for that 30
seconds catching up on black and rap
Chinese drama on Twitter I'm so out of
the loop I don't even know if he got his
ENGOs back all right let's do this
first of all let's cut this burrito in
half so you can really see the gross
this one two three ah there's a wasabi
mayonnaise oh you see some - shrimp
popping out the side oh fuck oh it's a
spicy burning my nose all right here we
go I'm going to do this I'm not a little
bitch I'm gonna fucking survive Oh as I
say I'm not a little bitch and I scream
at a shrimp I'm sorry I hate them okay
here we go we go oh my god oh my god
welcome back this I don't even know we
start it's all gross the burrito itself
is not good anyways the fucking wasabi
mayonnaise was so spicy the fucking
shrimp are cold the fucking guacamole
inside of it does not go you go here
shrimp you really don't go here but
wakka moly why are you at the party
that's like a youtuber party like you
look around some jennamarbles joey
graceffa pewdiepie and then looking
Kevin Jonas walks in promoting his app
and you're like go home Kevin oh my god
I just imagine Joe and Nick saying that
so much like back in the day Joe's like
hey guys I wrote this song you want to
hear it and Nick is like yeah but I'll
play it on the guitar and then Kevin's
like I have a tambourine go home Kevin
oh no this is fucking gross I hate this
I never want to see it again next vid
all right so now we're going to take a
trip to the Dominican Republic
all right now these motherfuckers have
stepped up the game
NACO Bell has those nachos Del Grande
well over there in the D are they don't
kick it up a notch and made it a Dorito
el Grande
Oh bitch look look look she is covered
she's painted she is ready for her
beauty pageant and if she wins you know
she gets my ass I'm just kind of walking
down the stage to accept her crown she's
gonna slide out my ass and accept the
bull but she definitely will not win
Miss Congeniality because that bitch is
gonna come out angry okay let's try this
shit okay let's get this one right here
I was eyeballing that one can you see it
I really wanna make sure you guys get a
close-up of this hold on let me zoom you
in sorry too close to the mug oh my god
you see that oh my god okay oh fuck oh
here we go one two dress oh my god it
broke easy easy baby she's my underwear
after a hike
I'm just kidding I don't can you imagine
can you see this in a mountain well yeah
thanks look but could you see me in a
mountain like walking I'd be like
where's my youtuber oh my god
these are amazing Taco Bell here in
America why don't you guys have this you
guys have all the craziest shit you guys
have put Doritos in tacos you guys with
Fritos or burritos you got to put pubes
in my Mexican pizza although that was
just one time and I forgive you but you
can do this get on their level although
I feel like this needs a new name
because Doritos nachos is not that
interesting one I like derechos or not
Cheetos or not so cheesy not the Dorito
Cheetos eatos how about just a spoil it
is alright next food all right guys you
ready because we are taking a trip now
to the Philippines
okay now I saw this on BuzzFeed and I
about lost my diamond shit which I'm
currently almost losing my shit after
what I just ate but it's okay I'll keep
it stuffed in you ever do that
like if you read a turn coming out and
then you're like no no no no right now
I'm the middle of mallanna and then and
then it never comes back out I should've
just shit my pants at Moana that's a
good review for the poster like you see
the little Hawaiian girl and her big
fucking boyfriend
I don't know how obviously didn't see it
but I'm just assuming I'm into that kind
of relationship and then next to it it
says I should have shit my pants in this
movie Shane if that doesn't make you
want to go see it I don't know what will
okay so here's our the Philippines icon
cooked up they got a quesadilla with
Cheetos or as they call it a cheeto
quesadilla yeah once again not creative
with the name that's okay Philippines I
forgive you I'm gonna call it a cheeto
Dilla so we have this cheeto Dilla as
you can see Lee's been back miss me
lately sing don't leave again as you can
see oh my god the cheese the Cheetos let
me just separate that for you oh fuck
okay all right we're doing this right
now I'm giving this right now I'm not
waiting oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god
I'm not playing this up for the cameras
I'm not like trying to be funny yeah I'm
not like trying to be like this shit
this is the best thing I've ever have a
couple up like the cheese mix with the
crunch of the Cheetos mixed with like
there's some sauce in there and spicy
sauce hands down this is the best taco
ball item that we don't even have here
in America America get all this you can
have Dom oh damn Trump as your president
you can have Farrah Abraham existing you
can have a sad man eating on camera
making a living and you can't cook this
up bitch get on the Philippines level no
this is fucking incredible I'm actually
gonna like make this myself and fucking
sell it I'm gonna care cuts copyright
infringement because the amount of lives
I would save with this can you imagine
like okay if I worked at a suicide
hotline which is a bad idea like me
giving advice yikes it would literally
go like this I want to kill myself
me anyways
it wouldn't go well I know this is
fucking amazing this is everything I
don't even know what oh my god Rylan
just got here I'm gonna force him to try
this on camera I just want you guys do
believe me I want you to see that I'm
not lying that this is fucking
everything Cheetos
give me a fucking brand deal bitch
although I did call Chester the cheetah
Chester the molester so yeah that might
not happen okay he's getting a bunch of
shit out of his car we'll get him in a
minute
let's move on now we want you Korea all
right I'm gonna keep it real I'm not
excited for this one at all
this is a quesadilla with something
called kimchi inside of it which I
thought was a drag queen so if this is a
chopped-up drag queen inside a
quesadilla actually that's everything
that would make my ass man pop oh my god
a butt pop oh I really want a sassy ass
okay so here is what it looks like on
the inside up guys I got a jar of this
shit I made all of these by the way like
I didn't have these flown in from Taco
Bell around the world I had all these
talked about items and then I like went
to the store and got a bunch of random
shit and put it all together which is my
mama Thanksgiving except she gets KFC
and then she just says easy fatties Oh
miss the holidays already know the
kimchi game in this fucking jar and it
looked like pigs feet I don't know what
it is I still don't know I didn't
research it because I wanted to be
surprised but I'm very nervous
it smells a lot and I listen I don't
want to be like rude like I know people
love kimchi like she almost won drag
race so people must love her but like I
don't want to taste her okay here we go
oh my god oh my god you see it oh oh oh
my god okay all right all right we're
fucking doing it you know what no I'm
taking this piece cuz there's a big old
chunk of kimchi in it
Kim Jin Chi kimchi Kim fie Chi Chi I
don't fucking know oh just in time Rylan
to break the door I'm gonna put this on
hold now we're gonna eat some more
cheeto quesadilla what are you for real
right now with this fucking basic
oh uh not even the holidays anymore are
you ready
this is no basic by the way so like if
you're looking for another basic a spiel
that's not this it's not avocados toast
bitch this is a cheeto quesadilla from
the Philippines are you ready
have you tried it yet it's okay it's the
best thing I've ever had in my life and
I want them to believe me so I want
somebody else to say it okay be honest
well they look buckled over trio or
fifth chord it's good no you are not
height reaming at me
taco lid it is really good you're
literally eating it like the whole thing
you're like no this is good oh my goal
is to make him if not working I just
want to yoga I want you to roll in here
next time I want you to roll down my
driveway no and I want to catch you with
like a trash bag why would you want that
for me because then you'll be bigger
than me that's remaining go enjoy that
in the other room see told you all right
that was fun and now back to torturing
myself Oh God okay I'm gonna keep an
open mind I hope that kimchi doesn't
give my butt as much drama as she gave
the other girls on RuPaul's Drag Race
and she is a good painter like her face
is beat but I'm not trying to get my
stomach beat so I'm hoping she does more
of a natural look today
here we go hopefully I won't have to
sashay to the ER okay all right oh my
god oh my god oh my god I'm fucking good
fuck what the hell is that
hmm oh it's spicy put like a like
lettuce kind of I know crazy I like
lettuce shock oh my god it's like
where's this rolling um up Korea fucking
curling it it is like spicy it is
crunchy it is like cheesy
this is fucking bomb fuck fuck me up cut
that seems like I'm asking for war I'm
not I mean I'm gonna get more later in
the bathroom that's gonna be World War 3
on that as the event a bombs I'm gonna
drop that's gonna be Pearl Harbor
starring Josh sharp man that was too old
of a
friends but all you people almost 30 you
know what I'm talking about okay that
was amazing I'm shocked I'm into it I
love it congratulations Korea Mexico
alright bitch we are going back to Japan
wha
I know I told you to go home Ricky but I
kind of miss you can you come back
nevermind go home okay these are all
loaded fries and they are exactly what
you can package french fries with nacho
toppings oh fuck this is a brilliant
idea
boo I'm gonna get one of the fries a
middle oh my god with that wah oh fuck
oh my god
oh haha s mean this is fucking good how
the fries are good I mean they're from
McDonald's so obviously they're good but
the money not your toppings on top
killing it this is such a good idea I
don't know why they don't have this in
America why don't any of these in
America except for that motherfucking
shrimp one you can keep that Korea or
wait where's that from Japan you can
keep Ricky - I'm kidding I love Ricky
Ricky you know I love you
I know these are fucking bomb I love
these I am so glad to be back can we
just hold on guys let's get sentimental
for a second when I was on my break my
four day break I was just thinking about
all the moments that we have shared
together over the last year just all the
beautiful moments - roll the clip
Wow that was my ear I should quit I'm
just kidding I love it I love this
channel I love making videos here and
taking a break has really even show me
that more I missed it so much so I'm
fucking back I'm excited give me a
thumbs up if you're happy that I'm back
oh god that's a bad question cuz that's
gonna be a lot of thumbs down but fuck
it I'm excited give me a thumbs up
subscribe to my channel right down below
make new fucking videos every day
alright don't win anywhere and if you
want some more videos of me eating crazy
foods I did McDonald's around the world
I did jail food a bunch of crisps food
I'll put a link to a playlist right on
top of the description all right you
little foodies I will see you around the
world to die yes this is a little bit
different than my usual Monday videos
which are me and my kitchen covered in
food which is also just my everyday
