hey what's up you guys yes this is a
little bit different than my usual
Monday videos which are me and my
kitchen covered in food which is also
just my everyday I am doing this video
because there's a few things I want to
talk about and fuck I'll explain why I
look like this in a minute I'm
disgusting explained I know I have a
reason but I wanted to do this video
because I haven't really done one of
these like talking to you guys on edited
videos and while and I feel like it was
time and I also have the flu I have such
a bad stomach flu situation right now
I'll get into the YouTube rewind thing
in a minute let me just tell you about
my vomit scroll along if you don't want
to hear it Oh sad note before I get to
that I am taking a break on YouTube for
a little while I'm not posting videos
this week so like today but then not
tomorrow Wednesday Thursday or Friday
but I'll be back Monday January 2nd in
the New Year with a bunch of new videos
I'm really excited about I already
started working on some of them and I
I'll - I'll explain why I'm taking a
break later on in the video but I will
be back okay back to my bonnet so I was
hanging out with Drew and Garret I think
I would end Rylan and I was totally
normal and I was a cheesecake factory or
something I don't know we just shot a
video or something
and I'm like eating my fucking
Cheesecake Factory living my life
texting my trainer saying sorry I can't
come in tomorrow I'm sick cheesecake
cheesecake and then I kid to bed and my
stomach starts going normal for me so
I'm like okay well you know just have
little bubble guts but who does it right
wake up at 2:30 in the morning and let
me just tell you bubble guts have popped
and you exploded out of my cheesecake
hole and I ran to the bathroom and I
just started vomiting involuntarily when
you have either a stomach flu or food
poisoning or something
you throw up it has this very specific
taste similar to my mom's stuffing it's
like a bigger sour taste there's like a
hint of blood and tears and it just
burns and it's hot I hope you guys
aren't eating this is not a move bang
don't bring your meals to this video and
I vomited and it was awful and I vomited
so much and it was all my cheesecake
look oh but that my first thought was
well I guess I can go to the gym
tomorrow because I don't feel guilty
that's dark anyways it is what it is so
I go back to bed and then two hours
later I wake up again and I rented the
toilet and I'm like what is going on and
I start puking again but this time I
started barfing it so intensely that I
lost my hearing I lost my vision I got
like chills I started pouring sweat and
then I just blacked out woke up two
hours later with my head in the toilet
and I was like it was like I didn't know
it was it was like a like inception you
know what I mean
but like my dream was like throwing up
versus like hanging out with Leonardo
DiCaprio and like making buildings move
my dream was vomit oh my god third book
title anyways so I'm dying and I'm naked
on my bathroom floor and I'm crying and
then I and then I scream and I say help
me and then rila comes in he's like oh
my god what's happening and it's like
6:00 a.m. at this point I call a doctor
I figure out that I have some crazy
fucking stomach flu situation I've had
it now for like two days and I feel like
it's almost over but I still fucked up
anyways so that's why I look like this
I have not showered in a long time I
smell like puke I know I usually say
like I'm such trash I'm gross like I am
like today it is not a joke today if you
were to be around me you would think you
would think that your dog vomited and
farted and died and it was still in your
living room because your mom just
doesn't wanna let go like that's what
you would think was happening that's the
smell that I'm letting out anyways so
I'm taking a break
okay I'm supposed to be filming my
videos tomorrow and I can't I can't do
it I'm just going to rest and I'm going
to hang out with my family and enjoy the
holidays and puke
just going to throw up enjoy the
holidays look at all the food which I
could eat it throw up more and then I'll
start you know coming back to YouTube on
Jane we're second anyways so that's why
I'm taking a break I'm really sorry guys
I hope you understand I never take a
break I don't think I've missed a day on
YouTube in like years I've been posting
every single day for years and I don't
think I've ever missed a day and if I
have it was an accident or something so
the fact that I'm missing four days
gives me anxiety and makes me freak out
but I'm gonna try not to forget because
I hopefully know you guys will be here
in four days when I come back I'm scared
but okay
that's now let's talk about YouTube
rewind because I know that's what a lot
of people wanted me to talk about okay
you do rewind so a lot of people were
like why weren't you in YouTube rewind
and a lot of people are mad at you too
but never like why did you two leave you
out of it you know what fuck YouTube it
and I wasn't going to make a video about
this because I feel like it's weird to
talk about as I just spent like six
minutes talking about my vomit this is
really dark so prepare yourself it's
going to get depressing every year when
YouTube comes around YouTube rewind
comes around it's ironically at a really
bad
I'm in my life where I feel bad about
myself summer around the summertime you
know what everybody shirtless on the
beach and I'm in my room crying around
the summertime when they come around I
okay let me explain something so in my
videos I'm comfortable because I'm
holding the camera I'm controlling the
lights I'm wearing what I want to wear
you know when somebody else is in
control so like for example if I were to
be in a movie or if I were to be in a
collab or a YouTube read or YouTube
rewind video I get anxiety because I
know I don't have control and the camera
isn't like this because spoiler alert I
have issues with my body so when the
cameras not right here I feel that like
right here I feel fine because it's like
chest up whatever but when somebody's
filming me from like my whole body I get
anxiety let me give an example this is
so embarrassing so I did this Taco Bell
commercial like two years ago and I was
feeling really bad about my body and I
were all black even though they talk
about people are like where's something
bright and colorful that shows her
personality and I was like great
black black black I think I literally
showed up like a fucking soulless demon
and I was like this is me so we film the
commercial and then the whole time they
were literally like okay now this is
going to be a wide shot which is my
nightmare and you're going to be on a
treadmill like walking which is my
nightmare
and it's just we're going to see you
walking eating tacos like I'm like oh my
god all I hear in my head is I'm here to
see my whole body my legs are in the
shot you can see my fat legs that I hate
fuck so they showed me a rough cut of
the commercial and I was just like can
you
fucking make my legs look smaller like
because I and they were just like what
because like in their heads they're like
you're like look fine in my head I'm
like I literally look like a fucking
stressed toy that somebody squeezed and
it always be like that's what I felt
like so that's why I usually don't do
stuff like I never really I'm never
really in movies not that everybody's
like peanut machine it's not I'm not
saying that but I have turned down
opportunities because I don't feel good
about myself and I don't want to be in
it or like I don't want to be on a TV
show or something because I I feel like
I'm going to look fat and I feel like if
I'm in something for example whenever
I'm in a club or whenever I'm in
anything that's not my camera people
scream like it'll go up on YouTube I
won't look at it like whenever I'm on
cheat day on clever if you guys know
what that is whenever I'm on cheat day
or anything on another youtube channel I
don't watch it because I feel like I
look fat in it and then people will
screenshot it and fucking tag it on
Instagram and I'll see it I want to
fucking kill myself because I'm like a
fucking huge in that and then like the
other day I went to a skating dark but I
went to a cheat day video that I did and
the first comment was just like wow
Shane's getting fat and I spiraled and I
was just so depressed all day because I
was just like oh my god like that's why
I'm not in other people's videos so I
like stopped doing cheat days because I
didn't want to you know I don't know hey
nice package everyone so my year goes
like this like you're in the beginning
of the year I'm dieting and exercising
super hardcore so I feel good about
myself so when people are like hey Shane
I want to be in this thing he'll be like
okay then around like March April I feel
like I'm fat again
people like hey Shane want to be this
thing and I go no no sorry I'm sick and
then so forth and so on YouTube rewind
always comes around for some reason when
I in my like I'm fat face and I don't
want to be on camera and it's really sad
and it makes me it makes me really
fucking sad because I look at it when it
comes out and it's like every youtubers
in it and it's all epic and everybody's
all excited and you know and Here I am
NOT in it because this is getting really
fucking sad I did not mean for this
video to get sad but sorry Here I am
looking at it thinking like oh I missed
out because I fucking hate myself so
there's that and that's dramatic I don't
hate myself I hate my body sometimes I
love myself I like who I love Who I am I
think I have a good heart
I think I work hard and I think I have
you know good values and shit but like
my body I just it's like an ongoing
struggle of hating it so I'm trying I'm
always trying but you know it is hard to
like watch youtube rewind just really go
and this down but then I'm also watching
it going up so glad I wasn't in that
because like you know fucking they put
guys and like swim trunks and like
speedos and fucking tight shirts and
they put Joey in a bed and like you know
which are great that all that stuff is
fun and a great like if I had to do that
that's my nightmare like being in a
speedo are you fucking kidding are now
being in a bed with mushroom queen I
sleep in this well you know I mean I
don't even want to see my body alone
like why would I want to be in YouTube
rewind naked so but my goal is my goal
is next
to be in you to be one no matter what I
feel no matter if I feel fat or if I
don't feel good about myself whatever
I'm still going to force myself to be a
watch they don't even ask me and they're
like yeah I don't even like Oh shame
okuu no but if they do ask me I'm going
to force myself to do it even if I'm
uncomfortable and even if people
screenshot it and even if there's
comments saying watching look so thought
in this why she looks so fat she ain't
got so fat I'm just going to suck it up
because I don't want to miss out again I
was so sad when I watched it I was so
sad just because it's just I don't know
I feel like so much of my life is
YouTube and so much of my life is you
know making videos and being a part of
the community and all that stuff and and
then to just see it and may not even be
in it because of my stupid issues is
just depressing so there's that happy
Monday I don't know that's not is true
for those who are wondering that's why I
wasn't YouTube rewind I feel like I'm
gonna puke again for so many other
reasons well you guys go I hope this
wasn't too sad because I am hopeful you
know I don't really make videos like
this anymore where I talk about like my
feelings or like being sad or any of
that you know and hopefully you guys can
relate I feel like maybe a lot of you
guys can relate I struggle so much with
so many things
and I know that's like a thing youtubers
say where they're like oh my god the
struggle is so real like I have so many
problems like Lummis you know but and
I'm sure they do but like I I genuinely
mean it when I say I have so many um
problems and issues you know and the
body thing is definitely at the top of
the list so it's been a long it's been a
long I am tired
I'm so tired of it I literally I had a
moment last night in bed where I was
crying and this is so sad whatever
fucking I was crying and I was just like
I'm so tired I'm so tired of beating
myself up and feeling that I'm so tired
of it why like why am i doing this to
myself and Ryland was like you know
comforting me and stuff and also just
saying like that I have nothing to be
ashamed of and that I'm great and my
body is great in that you know all the
things that people always tell me and
I'm gonna try to listen because I don't
know and even if people you know think I
look fat I'm just gonna try not to care
anymore I always say that this is like
the tenth video of me saying that but
I'm really gonna try that's my new
year's resolution ah fuck my New Year's
resolution is to not call myself fat
that's not going to work my new
resolution is to be nicer to myself
being YouTube rewind if they ask me and
maybe just be more honest with you guys
sometimes maybe I should make more of
these
once in a model or not because it was
probably very fucking depressing so
sorry
I guess cope tells my video um hope you
enjoyed it probably didn't so you're
welcome
thumbs up I know thank you guys for
watching my videos and for sticking
around and through everything that I've
been through in my life and there's been
a lot of weird ups and downs and you
guys have been here and that's been
really really nice and I just appreciate
you so much and I'm so glad you like the
short film and I hope you guys had a
good holiday and I want to be back um
I'm not posting videos this week I'm
sorry taking it off the holidays and for
you know time for me to puke um and
hopefully when I better I will be back
on January 2nd on Monday with your
videos and I have them all planned out
really excited about them so please
please please come back please I love
you guys okay that's a big crooked dick
going into her mouth where is it coming
from is it right here that's convenient
can you imagine just like peeing on the
haters oh my god the perfect selfie
stick fucking slingshot pointing to your
mouth
that's it I'm surgically getting my dick
put on my tits
