hey what's up guys my name is Destry
welcome back to you what the fuck five
there's something so scary about a
mystery that we are feeling you get in
your chest when you know that something
just isn't quite right whether it's a
stranger staring at you from across a
dark alleyway just simply losing your
keys which if you're anything like me
happens every fucking day literally
every fucking day so from someone having
premonitions of a crash moments before a
crash happened to an entire family
disappearing overnight today's what the
fuck five become dummy 5 scariest
mysterious deaths I don't know why I
said it like the five less scary
mysterious death probably to make it
more scary anyways let's get into number
one the silent twins still considered at
this day to be one of the weirdest
unsolved mysteries the silent twins
refer to June and Jennifer Gibbons two
twins who refuse to speak to anyone but
themselves and even though that doesn't
sound that scary it just sounds like
they have a really bad case of social
anxiety me though it's the details of
one of the twins deaths that really
creeped people out so throughout the
twins lives if they were ever separated
they would go completely catatonic they
hardly move blink or even breathe unless
they were close to the other twins
apparently they also devised their own
language so they could speak to each
other without anyone knowing what they
said it wasn't until the two got into
their late teens that they were
hospitalized where things only got more
mysterious during their stay at the
Broadmoor mental hospital one of the
twins died from a mysterious heart
failure there's no apparent use of drugs
of any kind that would have caused this
so the death itself is still a mystery
even stranger a few hours after
Jennifer's death June began speaking to
people repeating over and over I'm free
at last liberated and at last Jennifer
has given up her life for me okay what
the fuck tell me that's not the weirdest
shit you've ever heard so a few years
after the incident June finally opened
up about what happened between her
sister to a therapist and the details
are fucking weird
so during their youth the twins quickly
realized they couldn't live whether they
were separated or apart from each other
there was a long-standing agreement that
if one of them died the other would
finally be able to speak and have a no
life and during their stay at the
hospital they decided that one of them
had to die and Jennifer chose to
sacrifice herself for her sister so
since that incident a ton of books and
movies have come out you know talking
about the silent twins and stuff so if
you're intrigued or interested at all by
this topic I can definitely recommend
you check it out because again this
would barely any of the details about
the silent twins and the whole story is
as weird as fuck number two flight 191
so I don't know if any of you guys have
seen the movie final destination or the
20 fucking sequels that are made after
it the first final destination movie was
actually based off of a real events as
during a rainy Chicago afternoon a 1979
flight 191 took off from the ground only
to suffer from engine failure and crash
back down instantly killing 272 people
and while plane crashes themselves are
about as common as getting a flight
without a crying baby directly in your
ear and without a man seemingly shitting
his pants the details of the crash of
flight 191 are what make it one of the
weirdest mysteries of our time as weeks
before the incident of flight 191 23
year old David Booth of Cincinnati began
having nightmares of an American
Airlines plane crashing he had the dream
so often that eventually he called the
airlines to warn them of danger where
they basically just said there I can
assure you our airplanes the safest but
we the safest motherfuckers on this
block and with that David hung up
knowing that in his mind the airplanes
were not safe his fuck nor was he
convinced that they were deed the safest
motherfuckers on that block even more
strange though is that actress Lindsay
Wagner was supposed to be aboard the
flight but something held her back
stating that a dark and unsettling
feeling stopped her from even getting
aboard so soon after the events were
televised David felt his heart sink
feeling that he could have done
something to stop it and even though the
crash was deemed an accident FBI
investigators still felt like David
Booth was somehow involved since the
details of the crash were eerily similar
to his visions and even after that many
people believe that David Booth was a
prophet asking him questions like right
there time my husband cheating on me is
it normal for my penis look like this
did you pee in a coffee mug but David
claimed that he never again had another
and he has no idea why he had them to
begin with some people hoping to unlock
the key to reading the future but maybe
he had a bran muffin that morning or he
snorted crystal meth I mean honestly
would you store crystal meth if you
could read the future I guess you know
my answer number three the hinter kai
fig family farm banter - family farm is
a very hard to pronounce farm in a very
hard to pronounce town called Schrauben
house in germany the farm was
practically in the middle of nowhere
with no other houses or buildings for
miles
yet on one cold winter night in 1922 six
members of the Gruber family were
mysteriously murdered in their sleep
days prior to the murder that father an
operator of the farm ondrea's Gruber
told his closest neighbors which were
probably like fucking 50 miles away
about discovering footsteps in the snow
leading from the edge of the forest to
their doorstep as well as his house keys
going missing even more frightening is
that the farm had a bad habit with maids
the last one quitting just days before
the murders claiming that the farm was
haunted and that she heard footsteps
coming from the Attic unfortunately the
day that the new maid got there was the
same day that the murders took place and
you're probably sitting there like oh it
was clearly the maid but unfortunately
she also died alongside them in the same
exact fashion that night the entire
family had been lured one by one to the
barn where they were strangled and
bludgeoned by a pickaxe and if this
wasn't creepy enough apparently the
killer did not leave the farm
immediately as the animals were still
being fed and smoke could still be seen
from the chimney days after the reported
time of their deaths so police believe
that robbery could have been a main
motive but that was quickly ruled out as
the family's jewels and a large sum of
money we're still there at the farm in
Clear View so whoever the culprit was
just decided okay I have a free
afternoon just ate some waffles what
should I go do I guess I could go murder
an entire family well yeah let's go do
that
like what so I mean all of that is just
terrifying like I can't even imagine how
terrifying that would have been for
police to show up to see all of those
people dead in the middle of a bar or
the dad finding the fucking footsteps in
the snow that is why hinchik I faked
will forever be one of the scariest
mysteries of all time
number four the death of ELISA Lam so
this one in my opinion is by far the
scariest unsolved mystery ever because
not only
is it just terrifying but there's also
video of her moments before her death
the death of 21 year old Canadian
tourist ELISA Lam still remains one of
the most bizarre and disturbing unsolved
cases in history with little to no
evidence pointing to any suspect of how
she ended up naked and drowned in the
water tank of a hotel in downtown Los
Angeles on February 19 2013
oh my god that's my birthday to make
this story even creepier that's
literally my birthday I mean not 2013
because I'd be like three years old I'm
aging really bad for 3-year old but she
was also born in the same year as me
oh why but the video recovered from the
surveillance footage of the Cecil Hotel
in downtown Los Angeles shows us Elise's
last minutes alive as she seemingly
stuck on an elevator from the footage
you can clearly see that there's
something wrong as she dips her head in
and out of the elevator at one point
seeming to hide away from someone or
something fuck that's creepy well the
last thing we see is ELISA
run off the elevator as it seemingly
stops working yet there's footage of the
elevator later that day working
perfectly that's what it was said that
Lisa's somehow accessed the roof of the
hotel past a locked and alarmed door by
the way climbed up a water tank and
somehow got inside the opening of the
tank which is a little bit more than a
foot wide and the most disturbing detail
no one knew about her death until
several days later when residents of the
hotel began complaining that the water
tasted funny and was slightly Brown so
for several days people were drinking
the dead body of ELISA Lam while it
soaked away in a hot water tank and that
is just so weird to me like why would
you drink water that was brown like I
get that California is having a water
crisis or whatever but if you wanted to
get water from a faucet and it was brown
would you be like damn this looks good
the mustard added chocolate to the water
to make it taste better for the hotel
resident
there's no way of super a detonation
girl anyways many people believe that
ELISA might have been in a drug-induced
state of paranoia as she suffered from
anxiety and took several different
supplements to battle it however upon
further toxicology reports it was found
that there was no drugs in her system so
that is why the story of ELISA Lam will
forever be one of the world's greatest
unsolved mysteries anyways guys I know
that they're supposed to be technically
one more but for the sake of this video
not being 20 minutes long I'm gonna cut
it off at four but if you really need
one more then we could always talk about
the mysterious disappearance of your
sister's virginity spoiler alert it was
me but that is it for this episode of
what the fuck five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a like and also subscribe to the
channel as it will be more every single
week
also be sure to check out my channel
youtube.com slash Kappa destice where I
post a lot of weird vlogs what the fuck
news is on that channel I'm about to
bring back my cue A's which were really
really popular so I hope you guys are
excited for those that being said I have
to go because I seem to have misplaced
my keys again fuck my life right like
where do they go do they fucking up legs
anyways guys I will see you next week
for another one five thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
