hey let me god yes today we're going to
be looking at some dirty optical
illusions and this is your first one I
know looks like a dirty asshole it's my
face also if you look at my dick looks
like a pussy it's not now I have seen
these all over the internet I've seen
like thumbnails for them on YouTube I've
never clicked because I just don't
believe it like I've seen the thumbnails
and I've been like that's not a vagina
that's a fucking armpit and you know why
I know this because when I was a kid and
I was catfishing people on AOL chat all
the frat boys would want to see my pussy
so I would send them a picture of my
hobo fat and what would I do if they
said baby am I making you wet dripping
but this video is not about my fat arm
pussy so let's move on so yes today me
and you are going to be looking at some
of these optical illusion pictures and
see if we see what's there or if we
don't see what's not there what am I
saying I don't know pussy all right here
we go
oh my god oh my god wait that's my dick
just the big balls
a tiny shaft okay wait let's try to
figure out what that actually is can you
zoom out and it's just like me pulling
up my boxers okay I think it's Oh God
all I see is a dead fuck I have no idea
what this is I literally don't know all
right let's play it it doesn't show what
it is how much will snow doesn't it
what else could that be is that I think
is or it's a fat ass but it did coming
out of it Kim
okay wait what's in this picture besides
the party I don't want to be at that's
what I imagine a Muser party to be oh oh
it's your hand is that her hand that's
crazy
but I don't know pussy shame if your
pussy is that big hanging and flappy
you're beautiful just think about all
the things you can do with your big
flappy pussy the other girls can you
could probably put your head in it like
a baby for warmth you can probably show
the beats pill in there you just walk
around the house have the music follow
you and you don't even need a person you
got all that room who needs a Louie the
time when you have a loosey beef pocket
you have any lip kits you could fit in
there you could have the birthday kid in
there you get all the limited editions
you can have a whole Kylie store in your
pussy I get a zipper you know to me like
if I had that pussy I want to zip it up
I guess
didn't have a baby though just fall out
gotta get that zipper but oh my god
that's a big crooked dick going into her
mouth where is it coming from is it
right here that's convenient can you
imagine just like peeing on the haters
oh my god the perfect selfie stick
fucking slingshot pointing to your mouth
that's it I'm surgically getting my dick
put on my tits and that would get my
kids put on my head hold on what am I
looking at besides the vines going-away
party
I see Cameron Dallas I see one of the
greeters and I think that's a girl who
throws herself off buildings I guess
that would be more like a funeral less
of a party where do you think they're
gonna bury zine do you think it's like a
graveyard where it's like MySpace vine
and then there's like a big empty hole
that says musically actually no no it
says lively what the fuck is that just
kill her now I'll give it let me look at
this picture again I don't know what I'm
looking at is that her big hairy leg I
think she has no pants on and her laying
hair goes up to her pussy which is fine
I am NOT body shaming I like the warmth
of a nice golden retriever laying next
to me in bed why wouldn't I like the
warmth of a hairy ass miner oh my god
that's my mom's pussy don't ask why I
know that actually know what let me
explain why I know that the first memory
I have of my mom was looking at a pussy
I was in the bath she was showering and
then I looked up and I just see it and I
remember at the time being like oh my
god that looks like the tree from The
Lion King if it was like on fire mom's
red head so I'm gonna say about pictures
actually a tree yeah I was right and so
wrong I got a big dick you read that
wrong you read that wrong - wait what I
got it oh I got a dig bit you that read
wrong you read the gay test if you see
two people dancing
some news for you what I see a guy
dancing and I see a girl dancing in a
skirt what am I supposed to see I don't
see it is he rabbi test oh wait boobs we
got it a guy oh my god oh my god that
baby has such fat legs
I am relating to this baby that baby is
me that baby must never show her bottom
half of her Instagram that baby kills it
on tinder and then when you meet her
person you're like I think you're
allergic to go pants his legs are
exploded and then you say no I'm just
allergic to not eating hostess if you
cut open my fat legs there be cream
inside my body is basically a Twinkie on
top of two ding-dongs actually I'm
bigger than that I'm just like a stack
of birthday cakes wow that's beautiful
my mama always said like the Lord is
coming but like it's crazy to see
wait is that my pussy what is that oh
it's a computer mouse oh my god a
fucking digital pussy but like a mouse
get a touchpad like imagine if your
pussy was a mouse you got to change the
batteries sometimes you got to change
that little ball inside what if your
clicker breaks and then you can't click
anymore and then also do you need a
mousepad
cuz then you gotta find a mousepad that
you want to look at all the time like
you want the puppy on the field do you
want the river rocks do you want
something cute and funny like how's it
hanging although probably not that's on
your pussy unless you're that hangy
pussy girl which in that case she
doesn't need a mousepad
she just put the mouse inside of her
huge pussy flaps she could also show a
keyboard in there oh my god she don't
wanna top up there she is a
businesswoman could you imagine like
having her come to like your business
meeting and ever it is exciting other
things and she's like oh I'm sorry I'm
late I had crazy traffic okay oh okay
I'll just put my laptop over here okay
hold up oh fuck
forgot to unclick my pen before shoved
it in oh I love her I'm gonna call her
Carol I love Carol because she always
has a pen for me to borrow the only
thing that's annoying is her sticky
notes are always extra sticky oh my god
okay it looks like his head is
his ass which is possible I have seen
video now Carol listen up because you
can do this too if you have enough Lube
you can do anything I saw a girl sit on
a chair or should I say I saw a chair
sit in a girl I saw a girl shut up lamp
in her pussy and to pull a string out
her mouth in her head but I can't hate
her on that she's always who told that
like that's a family vacation that's the
Grand Canyon right I don't shit about
geography I'm just saying like you know
she was probably like mom whole log in a
picture of me and then the mom is like
okay honey the Lighting's pretty good
right here okay mom
I mean what are you doing with your
tongue don't don't worry about it mom
it's like a new trendy thing it's like
sure oh okay honey
Rob looks like she's sucking on a big
old dick isn't it crazy to think about
the fact that your mom is up to dick
just think about it like next time your
mom yells a human says like don't do
your homework just imagine in the middle
of that sentence she gets a gagged by a
dick like she's like go get your ho ho
and you know what that was
your daddy and that's how you're here hi
mom I don't see what's so dirty about
that it's just a girl with a burger in
her ass what is that what is that I mean
it looks like a dick I know it's not a
dick also if she wanted a superwoman
onesie because that's the reason that's
not a dick there's no way a dick is
getting hard when you are wearing a
superwoman onesie bitch and you got some
fucking Kimmie our nails done like were
you role-playing were you playing the
part of that annoying ass bitch you got
a babysitter on a Friday night and she
runs up to you and she's like guess what
I'm supposed to be dead what are you
talking about
no I'm superwoman no you're supposed to
be dead what are you talking about your
parents never wanted you I overheard
them talking to my
about it that's not true mom said I was
a miracle from God no you're an accident
from Coachella what fat
it's an awful place where your mom with
five deejays put it in or in exchange
for some Molly you mean my best friend
Molly no your mom's former best friend
Molly who fucked up her life and that's
how babies are made
oh my god is that for real it's not that
could be real mentals come what what is
it supposed to be
Amy is that a um mentals um like a sound
for you is it weird that I am bisexual
you buy me food I get sexual me in so
many ways also how that an optical
illusion that none illusion bitch that's
reality
alright let's do one more oh my god
oh my god that's a penis tree there's
like 20 penises on that tree oh if you
were a gay monkey
that's heaven if you're carol climbing
that tree it's gonna be a joy look out
that minutes
she's just grab it on the dicks she has
to know that's a victory right can you
imagine how uncomfortable her husband
and she's like look at these huge dicks
aren't they big honey this is crazy I
could put like two hands on one day I've
never done that before
get a picture Oh imagine cutting that
tree down it would be like to be any
pain Olympics oh hi miss Carol what do
you think she's doing kind of her dad
his offer guts fell out of her pussy
Jesus in her apartment dead she's been
there for like three years
no one knew yeah recipes Carol I'll put
you right next to my plate
all right guys no that was me looking at
some optical illusion pictures let me
know down the comments which ones you
fell for I look at this video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and please subscribe
share it down below canopic the videos
guys I will see you little floppy dics
tomorrow
what am i doing alright fuck you Asli
physics for saying you're returning to
music and you never did and you never
will
bitch please let me with everything
