hey let's open ice so today I'm gonna be
trying something a little bit different
something I've been a little nervous to
do but I feel like it could turn out to
be actually really mind opening or it'll
send me into a crazy dark depression and
I'll just delete my Jail because today I
am going to be genuinely watching and
responding to a video so I've been
posting videos on YouTube for like 12
years and most of them are very cringy
especially the old ones
nine-one-one what the fuck is wrong with
you I think I'm dying
oh no hold on don't look into the life
please yeah even I would leave uh delete
your channel comment on that but being
on YouTube for so long I've dealt with
countless hate comments tons of hate
videos a few controversies Shane Dawson
is over party a hashtag rich trended
worldwide but none of this has ever
stopped me from wanting to make videos
but also I understand like the hustle if
you make a video and call it change
Austin sucks or something because I'm a
youtuber you might get some views on it
and I can't even hate on that because
that would be hypocritical for me when I
started YouTube I was using so many
celebrities and my thumbnails and titles
Katy Perry Justin Bieber Lady Gaga
Taylor Swift Miley Cyrus literally every
single video had some celebrity in the
thumbnail behind my stupid face and when
I look back I cringe at that and I'm
like oh god why why why but it's what I
had to do to get people to see my videos
and click on them and hopefully like
them and subscribe so when I see people
making videos called Shane Dawson sucks
it literally does not bother me because
I'm like okay but I purposely don't
watch them I get super uncomfortable I
feel weird I just want to disappear but
I felt like it was time for me to
finally face my fears and genuinely
respond to it because I've like reacted
to them before and watched little pieces
of em and laughed but I've never
genuinely like watched a full video and
responded
so we're gonna do today with a little
video by youtuber named Bobby burns
gonna need this
alright let's do this so today I'm gonna
be talking about someone that if you've
been on YouTube for any amount of time
at any point in time you've definitely
seen him his name is shaved dachshund uh
Shane Dawson I already had anxiety based
on his views he's making fucking Bank
yeah I must stop you there Bobby
I don't know if you've heard about
something called ad pocalypse but um the
meteor has hit my house and my house is
on fire also I just noticed he has signs
in his background that says hey Shane
please stop doing this I'm gonna put
those on my fridge sorry let's keep
going do you have a problem with that
Bobby so another youtuber making money
off something that someone else enjoys
not necessarily I have a problem with
people manipulating people and not being
honest and making terrible terrible
terrible terrible terrible terrible
terrible content this is why I don't
watch a video listen I understand when
people's don't like my shit but like I
don't think my shit is that terrible I
also think my videos take a lot of
effort and a lot of time I'm not just
like hey guys does this pencil break
yeah that white button like I'm not
doing that also oh no who cares I'm rich
okay so I'm gonna derail for just a
second because he is doing all of the
things that I talked about in my YouTube
manipulation video this video has all
the key signs of YouTube manipulation
we've got the sine shifting eye contact
and weird breathing and vocal fry hey
this video has all of the elements
what does he think I like scripted that
because if I would have scripted that I
wouldn't have done in the bathroom he
has started a series called creepy
videos hey what's up you guys yes okay
first frame of the video let's let's
break down what's going on here the
format of this show is so strange to me
the shot is that thank you for calling
it a show and on top of this whole Hot
Topic aesthetic we have his voice today
we're gonna be focusing more on the
creepy ones what's wrong with my voice
nevermind so the first theory on this
list of popular 2017 conspiracy theories
isn't a conspiracy theory it's it's just
how the iPhone works well that Apple
came out and said hey no no no it's not
just brah you can search a lot of
different words and your iPhone will
categorize all the photos but this thing
this phone is literally invading our
life you are aware of that right like
it's recording me right now the whole
point of I phones is to be around you at
all times to record you at all time this
is why I don't watch these videos also
my coloring book is telling me to calm
the fuck down and I'm going to but my
other color book is telling me fuck that
shit so I walk seriously every single
Twitter moment was about Wendy
Williamson
I mean people stop talking about that
New York terrorist attack in like two
seconds
which is crazy hey Shane I've got some
fucking news for you trending moments
very person-to-person
that means you cared more about the
Wendy Williams thing than the shooting I
don't know if that's true about the
trending page thing because when you go
to Twitter moments it's just news like
world news and the top moment all day
was Wendy Williams every single Twitter
woman shredding moment Twitter moment
this makes me want to break another
pencil but I won't never mind I will
there's just little piece at the end
where he pimps out his Illuminati pops
socket for your phone and this little
piece of merch is one of the main
reasons that I feel like he's not
actually a conspiracy theorist he's just
someone trying to make about shit tons
of money here's the thing
so he's hating on me for selling merch
that's one thing but I happen to like my
pop stock here and use it every day but
here's the other thing a lot of people
do leave comments on my videos saying
like oh you only do conspiracies for
views or oh because it's trendy I've
been doing conspiracy videos for a long
time and when I started doing them
nobody liked them people were telling me
to stop making them there wasn't that
many other channels that were doing them
another trendy I didn't start because of
that I've been watching conspiracy
theory documentaries since I was 10
I just love conspiracy theories so much
so genuinely so I think that's what
bothers me the most so far about this
video is him thinking that I don't care
that much about conspiracies or that I'm
faking it for views because I'm up till
4:00 a.m. every single night watching
the darkest shit clearing my history
constantly and falling down every single
hole that's just not the right words but
you know what I'm saying all right let's
see how it ends well Jane I think you're
making garbage videos that are poorly
acted poorly written poorly researched
and I really really wish you weren't I
know this video is pretty much cutting
me off from ever having any kind of
relationships Shane Dawson ever ever
ever and I'm okay with that
you don't seem like a nasty person in
things that I've seen about you you
don't seem mean thank you just seems
dumb
you look pretty dumb in this video dude
and pretty dumb okay guy is this gonna
be the end of the video think you know
what okay here's the thing before I
really go in I want to go to his channel
because there's something about him that
seems not genuine to me like he says I'm
acting in my videos but like that did
not feel real to me some of it did but
some of it felt very very forced fucking
bullshit
like why I see that mad about my
conspiracy videos like don't watch them
alright let's see all right let's go to
a really old video and see like how he
started hey guys what's up so this is
just a quick Wow how old is he here oh
my god this is aha let's continue so in
about nine days I'm gonna be driving to
California and I'm gonna be at VidCon
I'm not officially at VidCon it's gonna
be a lot of fun my brother Nathan who
you guys know from my videos is also
gonna be there so I'm really hoping I'm
gonna be able to meet some of you guys
there Oh a weird reaction he seems very
sweet or he seemed very sweet I was not
expecting that
see you later guys peace out Joe um
Bobby that was a nice exit looks
familiar
I interesting did Bobby watch my channel
when he was 12 was he watching my
terrible terrible canta terrible content
hmm alright this one's a little later
it's called things will get better
hey guys okay so I was going to do a Q&A
video it's gonna be all funny but I
don't really feel funny right now so
what I thought I would do today is just
update you guys on how my life is going
this seems like he's gonna talk about
something depressing and I already
noticed he had somewhat of a vocal fry
and a weird breathing in vocal fry' hey
love you guys and he also was doing
shifty
I contact shifting eye contact hey guys
okay so I was going the side kind of hmm
is he manipulating me let's find out I
want to be really open with you guys
it's good for me to be able to gonna get
this out making videos about stuff helps
me process my problems helps me deal
with that and I hope by doing that it
helps other people who might be going
through similar problems so he can do
emotional videos talk about things and
that's not manipulative but when other
people do it it is he's manipulating you
interesting hey guys what's up so
today's videos are gonna be kind of a
little update video Bobby I'm starting
to relate to you too much and I don't
like that recently in the comments of my
videos you guys have let me know many
many times that I'm blinking a lot
believe it or not I do know that I have
some sort of strange tic or allergy
thing or something I don't know I've
gone to the doctor's couple times to
have them look at it and they just said
some kind of tic thing and maybe it'll
go away maybe it won't so yeah that's
that's what that is also my acne has
been getting pretty batter easily over
the past couple months she's been
getting worse and worse well this video
is making me sad fuck it's interesting
I'm only a few videos and I'm seeing
more sides of this person and if I were
to only watch the hate video or the
criticism video were able to call it I
would have just been like oh fuck this
guy moved on but now that I'm actually
watching or I'm feeling different like I
I feel like he's a nice guy
I don't know I'm conflicted I am in so
much better of a spot than I was
whenever I made the last video I'm just
really happy I'm just really really
happy right now guys I have awesome
friends I have an amazing hilarious
beautiful girlfriend
oh I like him oh I like him
this is taking a turn he's nice he's
attractive his videos are good like they
look good they look like they took time
and effort even the hate video he made
what it kind of feels like to me he
started YouTube a long time ago and
maybe he wasn't getting views or he felt
like he wasn't getting enough views so
then he kind of went the route of like
oh like criticized big youtubers to get
views which were but he's good and I
understand why he probably is frustrated
that people like me are getting views or
people like Jay Paul are getting used
because he looks like he puts a lot of
work into that what's this one but after
that I started going to the gym again
and recently for the basketball weeks
I've been going four to five times a
week
yeah he can't hate on anything I've ever
done he this motherfucker is getting
shirtless on camera alright let's go to
like a more recent one let's see what
else he's up to hey guys I'm back I know
it's been another two weeks I'm sorry
about that I like this I like this oh I
like the background I like the camera it
looks like he's shower can't relate
basically I'm just saying that I'm
really excited to keep moving forward
with this channel even though we are
technically not advertiser friendly
anymore it's frustrating a lot of my
videos aren't monetized yeh less money
so he's being affected by the apocalypse
too so we have that in common all right
you know what really quick now that I've
seen his videos let me do a little
research poorly researched alright
famous birthdays he was born in 1990
he's 20 holy crap I could be his dad oh
he's a website Oh merch interesting how
he was talking shit about me having my
own merch but okay he's just someone
trying to make a but shit tons of money
actually don't hate this sweatshirt I
kind of wanted alright let's go to his
Instagram okay Wow is that his
girlfriend
okay that's a gun slightly scared but
give it a like he loves taking his
clothes off once again don't relate I
don't I
same-same once again his Instagram is
like good like they have style there's
something interesting about it I kind of
want to follow but I also don't want to
give him that I have a good feeling
about this kid alright so here's the
thing I have a lot to say about his
video he made about me dumb and I know
this is weird and I was not expecting
this to happen but I also want to help
him like I think he's good and I really
do enjoy helping people who I think are
good who I don't think are getting
enough views hate on me all you want but
I have helped so many smaller channels
grow and I have promoted so many people
I believe in and even if they're a hater
if I see potential and I think that
they're great I'm gonna try to help so
here's my thought
instead of just telling you guys what I
feel about that video he made and
instead of just like sending him an
email or tweeting him I think what I
want to do is fly him out here bring him
to my house and confront him in person
and maybe just maybe I can turn a hater
into a lover or maybe it'll end really
really badly we'll get to a huge fight
he'll kill me either way I'd be
interesting all right let's fly a hater
out to my house see you soon Bobby burns
so I teamed with Bobby and I was like
hey man I want to do a video with you I
want you to come to my house and he said
yes so I really don't know how this is
gonna go terrible terrible content you
invited this man are you crazy shame I
think we should have invited just in
case you know oh my god okay he's one
minute away what am i doing what the
fuck am i doing my god oh my god it's
open it's cool
