guys guess what I'm gonna cars ah yes
we're destroying a fucking car today you
know why 2016 it's been a hard year for
everyone
and we all want to take out our anger on
something so we're taking it out on a
car no chewed on 60 was actually great
well no there was some there were some
downs so we have a car that we are going
to destroy is riland old car it like
barely runs it's been on my driveway for
like six months the windows been open -
so it's like full of soup but you're
looking for ATS and then we're gonna
take it to a junkyard and destroy it why
not a real quick he actually hits it
when he backs his car out he hits this
car and just continues on I don't care
about things okay
so Garrett has got a bunch of weapons
he's gonna do like a weapon haul and
we're gonna see how we're gonna destroy
this motherfucker okay so show us a
weapons okay here we go weapon home
music first and foremost we have your
classic hey hook wait you have to be
like a guru you're doing a haul a guru
try harder hahahaha next weapon we're
bored energy join him if you guys are
like down sisters
you're welcome to the show this is
called a wrench a lot the wrench a lot
can kill a lot of things including your
friend chains decoration why no no next
this is incredible this is called the
Brooklyn stretcher that's not like a
brand new mouth sorry no but it's really
cool apparently it's unbreakable so we
can do whatever you want this thing and
it's made out of I don't know what so
it's kind of like Kimmy Schmidt
Oh interesting I love it it's green it's
long it's just like Shrek and then Oh
some sledgehammers oh let me touch wait
my god is this a purge battling looks
like a video game right now like a
first-person let's kill her don't forget
the most important part is all the
safety gear so I have helmets q I have
nothing to wear think luckily you
brought like an ice pack without snacks
no I brought snacks - they're in my
other bag yeah witness did you bring oh
and let me have goggles for the boys
whoo I love dogs alone I have four of
everything you have snap glasses snap
pushes one of them do you want nap
spectacle so they can follow our journey
lol she doesn't so now we're gonna do a
tour of the car and let's do this pimp
my ride style so you wanna be a player
but your wheels ain't flying
motherfucking without the pictures ride
come on down you'll be the one whose car
it is like the sad trash person who has
it all right so we gonna look at this
car here talk to Drew about how we're
gonna fix his car and then cool show
we're gonna put aside this part ready
old fuck whoa um you can literally just
move it with your hands that's nice
did you want to get in exhibit oh my god
why they're gasoline and what is this
over here as you can see the deep
decoration just like yeah when you're on
the freeway and you're bored and horny
and you just want to get a little tight
car pussy drew you ever fuck this cars
okay so here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna try to drive this so you're gonna
suspect this for the junkyard are we in
it with you in the car yes you're in the
pot was gonna travel to the junkyard in
my car which is young in the fucking
sacrificial lamb you're in that car with
me and then when we get there we're
gonna destroy it and then I think
Ronald's gonna join us and take the
final swing I'm really nervous I don't
think we're actually gonna make it let's
go we are in the car alright here we go
Wow every single warning light is on
it's actually Network chocolate uh so
how do we start your car okay um any
other ideas
Oh both hands I guess to turn it really
hard then maybe all right go to San
Francisco all of us together
any other tips anything else is there
any tricks oh right we turn it I think
the battery's just dead but I can
recharge it all right what just like by
should we just get a doctor no I can
charge it how long does that take
yeah we have 10 minutes and not much
patience oh my god it's like we're in an
uber it's like I'm your driver
okay if I was your driver how would you
treat me five stars but the daddy's
trying to fix it I can't find the
battery I thought this was gonna be like
my cool moment wherever I was like he
knows how to do shit I'll do it drew
just turn the key and try to start the
car music are you looking drew just
start the damn car really hard okay fuck
all right daddy's giving it a whirl
I mean it wipes away the haters yeah we
need a tow truck oh my god
it is pimp is getting a ridden driving
guy
okay guys so we just got to the junkyard
and we're so excited to ruin this car
also look at how scary oh my god the
fucking stick through the back of the
window
that's final destination right there be
ready to die I'm Ken
Rylands on his way once he gets here
we're gonna let him take the first swing
since this is his child and you always
let them beat their own child right
right trigger oh god what a queen this
is the sexy pose look who showed up
hello are you excited look at your baby
I drove her for nine years
tell us one memory before we pass your
guts in or what I don't know your
happiest memory of your whole life no
with the car drew oh what a sonic you
already kiss them on in the car that's
good good mean your job him jerk-off
someone I've you get jerked off ever
commit a crime it's a lot all right
let's bash it in buddy I'm so excited oh
my god one two three
whoo that went everywhere
oh I'm stronger than I thought
oh oh that's so satisfying you're on the
weapon James get that bad bitch oh yeah
oh my god
yeah beat the haters bitch I'll go next
okay we who should every time like it is
well something that made you mad in 2016
fuck you Ashley Vincent for saying
you're returning to music and you never
did
are you never will bitch please let me
what's mine is because Phoenix could
have been depicted better in x-men
apocalypse
oh my god oh my god oh my god yes bitch
got the stripper bitch fucking drag the
bitch I can taste the glass in my actual
mouth oh okay
girl what do you want to do great about
drew may be an easy one would just be
like the side window not want the bat oh
I'm gonna use this side you know why why
shaped like the Illuminati oh my god
that was the biggest one yet yeah
oh yeah that's for Wendy's we're not
sponsoring you why somebody get it I
mean somebody could they please this is
not like this could end badly oh my god
I thought would you get out who you was
bit oh you think I knew you didn't every
other word we thought I didn't Carrie
Underwood oh not for you to Bree why
this one is because the new American
Horror Story was reality-based whoa when
you can't find your keys you're too lazy
to look for them got it
I actually always used to think that
there were like versions of ourself that
their job was to be behind each year
all right we're gonna take our final hit
I'm gonna break this damn window you
just watch also can you see my arm is
bleeding
you bring your finger off oh my god oh
my god that's okay for good wait what
what okay so I get pretty much broke his
finger so we're gonna stop I didn't
break it I lacerated it which means deep
cut okay great um that's a lot of fun
the car is completely fucked me actually
me current mood always how do you feel
yeah it's some good closure is that how
our relationships gonna end beating me
in with a baseball bat I love it
guys I really enjoy that if you wanted
to destroy something else leave a
comment maybe maybe a house maybe a
trailer I also go subscribe to everybody
and subscribe me because I make new
videos every single day and give it a
thumbs up for Garrett's finger whoa and
we're gonna go take one more swing yeah
fuck that car you to cut me yeah
alright I'm gonna hurt my sake let's go
