hey what's up you guys yes today we're
gonna be talking about some more
conspiracy theories so today we have a
few different celebrity conspiracy
theories all of which are fucking
terrifying but this first one is
definitely the scariest and that's the
theory of the 27 club so basically the
27 club is referencing the fact that a
bunch of really famous musicians died at
the age of 27 I mean if you go on
Wikipedia the list of people that died
at the age of 27 is so long and they all
died in different ways but most of them
were drug related I mean you have Jimi
Hendrix daddy 27 Janis Joplin died at 27
Kurt Cobain killed himself at 27 and of
course Amy Winehouse died at 27 now
there's a lot of musicians on the list
but there's also some actors too I mean
if you guys remember just this year the
actor Anton Yelchin died in the most
insane way at the age of 27 he literally
was crushed to death in his driveway by
his own car I guess it slid down the
hill because it wasn't in park or
something and then it just crushed him
against a gate I mean that seems
completely fucking weird right now
before I get to the theory of why all
these people died at the same age I want
to talk about / - of the theory now a
few of the most famous people from that
list had one thing income Jim Morrison
Jimi Hendrix Janis Joplin and Kurt
Cobain all had white lighters in their
pockets when they died yeah all of their
autopsy reports show that they all had a
white lighter in their book and because
of that not why lighters are supposedly
unlucky and musicians never ever buy
them and honestly people in general
should probably fucking not buy them
okay so let's talk about why these
people died at that age now of course
there's theories that maybe the
Illuminati did it theories of the
Illuminati took these people made them
famous got their message out and killed
it but then there's another theory that
is even more fucked and that is the
theory these musicians sold their soul
to the temple so I'm sure you've seen
movies or TV shows about this in the
past somebody wants something that they
can't have and then the devil comes
along and that person says hey devil you
can have my soul if you give me that
thing and then the devil says all right
and then the devil gives you your wish
and then when you die you go to hell and
you're with him forever but a lot of
people think that that is based on real
life okay so here's how the legend
starts back in the 1930s there was a man
named Robert Johnson so he really wanted
to be a famous musician and he said he
would do anything together one night he
heard the voice of a man calling him out
into the yard he went outside and there
was a big man dressed in all black
wearing a disguise
holding guitar the man in black said it
was a magic guitar and then if Robert
took it it would make him in quick and
then Robert said why are you giving me
this and the man said I'm the devil and
if I give this to you in return I want
this well as legend goes he took the
deal and then shortly thereafter Robert
became a famous musician then at the age
of 27 he was poisoned and died so that
was the first time this happened and
since then supposedly it's happening a
lot just check out this clip of musician
Bob Dylan talking about it in an
interview why do you still do it why are
you still out here well it goes back to
the destiny thing when I made it up
bargain with it you know
all time good I'm holding up my hand
what was your bargain to get where I am
now
should I ask who you made the bargain
with with with you know with the chief
chief commander on this earth and this
earth and in the world we can't see I
know
fucking weird I mean I know it could
have been a joke but didn't really seem
like one and he didn't straight-out say
it was the devil but he is anyway today
I mean somebody who's straight out said
it was Katy Perry just watch that's how
I got introduced to music industries I
swear I wanted to be like the Amy Grant
of music yeah but it didn't work out so
I sold my soul to the devil okay
obviously that
probably a joke but I mean she did start
out as a Christian singer and she wasn't
getting anywhere and then all the sudden
she was singing like super sexual songs
and then she was famous
seems a little demonic to me so did all
those celebrities just randomly die at
the age of 27 or was the devil ready to
take their solace guess we'll never know
okay so this next conspiracy theory is
about Kanye West now listen I know the
guy has a lot of issues and there could
literally be 10 videos made about the
conspiracy theories about this man I
mean there's talk of him being in the
Illuminati there's talk of him being gay
and he's hiding it he's with Kim and
it's all fake which by the way is like
wrong to even insinuate that one because
that's outing somebody but that is a
theory out there this next one involves
his recent stay in the mental hospital
and I'm going to start this by saying I
don't want to seem like I am somehow
making fun of his situation or saying
that he's not in there for actual mental
health reasons this is just a conspiracy
theory is not my opinion but it is
pretty something interesting to think
about it so Kanye always speaks his mind
he always says the unpopular opinion
he's definitely somebody that pisses a
lot of people so first let's talk about
the events that led up to him being put
into a mental hospital
so it is concert in San Jose he told the
crowd this I said something I was kind
of politically correct on so I told you
I didn't vote right but I didn't tell
you
I guess I told you but if I would've oh
man I'm gonna vote it on Trump yeah that
really pissed off a lot of people and
then a couple days later he went on a
rant about jay-z and Beyonce I went down
seven years of my life a motherfuckers
hate me the same thing off the head next
video Beyonce I was hurt
can I have that you say you would
perform unless you want video to hear me
AC call me okay so first of all Trump is
the president almost jay-z and Beyonce
are the leaders of the Illuminati if you
believe in it and he just went on grants
publicly in front of thousands of people
and talk shit up and then two days later
he was handcuffed to a gurney and taken
to a hospital for psychiatric evaluation
now some conspiracy theorists believe
that he was taken there to be
reprogrammed the Illuminati the
government whoever's in control
did not want him speaking out against
them anymore so they wanted to take him
in and they wanted to him right now if
you remember this has happened to other
celebrities you had Britney Spears she
was handcuffed to a gurney and taken to
a hospital you had amanda Bynes and then
they all come out a little bit different
now theorists were also freaking out
because this hospital is the same
hospital that supposedly project MKULTRA
took place now if you don't know what
that is it allegedly happened in the 50s
and 60s where they would take patients
and they would try to
if you late their minds now is all for
testing and it was usually like
prisoners or they would take like sex
workers and they would use all different
tactics to kind of fuck with their heads
they would use psychological torture
they would use hypnosis they would use
medicines one patient was even given the
drug LSD for a hundred and seventy four
days straight now that hospital and all
the fucked up torture shit they were
doing they're actually inspired a lot of
TV shows including stranger things
and now Kanye's there I don't know all
I'm saying is it kind of makes sense if
he comes out a totally different person
they did something now the next Kanye
conspiracy is pretty creepy but also
kind of Awesome and that is the David
Bowie predicted that Kanye was going to
be famous
okay so first if you look at this David
Bowie album cover from 1972 you might
notice something yeah the sign right
above his head is lit up and it says K
West now there's one song on the album
called five years now that song talks
about how in five years don't be a
second coming of new musical God and
exactly five years later Kanye West was
black then years later on David Bowie's
last album there was a song called black
star now in the song he talks about
dying because he was dying at the time
and he says in the song that when he
dies he'll be replaced by a black star
check it out something happened on the
day
spirit Rosalita step aside
some bubbles to his place than bravely
Krum
I know it all sounds crazy and
far-fetched but I mean there is
something about it that kind of just
like creeps me out okay so this next
conspiracy is not fun at all it is
literally one of the scariest things I
have ever heard about this is something
that I've been thinking about for a
while I didn't really know how to
explain in a video because it's so
fucking dark but today I'm going to try
we are going to talk about the
conspiracy of FEMA camps so first let me
break down what FEMA is so FEMA is the
Federal Emergency Management Agency so
that is a government agency where their
job is to figure out how to handle big
disasters for example if there was a
huge earthquake that like affected
everybody or if there was a big
terrorist attack their job is to figure
out how to deal with it how to keep
everybody safe or is it so a lot of
fears believe that FEMA is actually just
a cover for what's really going on they
believe that FEMA isn't trying to figure
out how to save people and one out of
like keep everybody safe during a
disaster they think they're trying to
figure out how if a disaster strikes and
everybody's hopeless they can come in
and take over everything so this is
where it gets kind of complicated and
super fucked up so stay with me now
there is something called martial law
now basically if there is a huge
disaster or a huge terrorist attack or
something happens where the fuck's up
all that shit or basically anything that
happens that's big enough that it
affects everybody in the country because
there'll be no more order people won't
listen to cops
the government could declare martial law
and then the government could take over
everything and that means that you'll
have no rights basically all of your
freedoms taken away and they will use
their military that we use whatever they
have do to control everything you do and
the reason that's in place is because if
there is some kind of huge disaster
nobody's going to like listen to one cop
with a gun people are just going to be
stealing shit looting and going crazy
so then the government goes hey no we're
not going to do that we're going to have
all of our military come and world and a
fucking watch
she guns and fucking take over
everything in simple terms if you've
ever seen one of those alien movies
where aliens are taking over the planet
now every city kind of just turns into
like military everywhere guns and
everybody's heads you can't go anywhere
you're taken out of your house you left
all your things they put you on a bus
and they sent you away to some camp
that's Marshall okay if you're still
with me this is where it gets even more
fucked up in mind-blowing so there is a
theory that there are something called
FEMA camps and FEMA camps are similar to
something called concentration camps and
we all remember what those so the idea
is that FEMA is setting up these camps
secretly all around the United States
and when martial law comes into place
they'll have somewhere to put all the
Americans and then kill them off and
then that will be the start of the New
World Order
aka now these FEMA camps have been
talked about for a long time people
really believe in this I mean the
government already has a bunch of random
buildings a bunch of places that
nobody's allowed to go all around the
country and a lot of people think why
why can't we go there is it because you
guys aren't making camps and you don't
want us to see them I mean people have
even tried to film and go inside and
they get kicked out but the government's
smart the Illuminati is smarter so they
probably wouldn't just make camps it
would probably turn something that we
all know into a camp without us and what
big buildings have popped up all around
the u.s. in the last 15 years
what big building is literally in every
single city what big building has huge
parking lots big enough for military
tanks aisles in the building big enough
to fit hundreds of people yeah you
guessed
prices always I know fucking crazy so
the theory is that some Walmart's are
going to be turned in to FEMA camps and
supposedly they've already started
working also look at the word Walmart
you have half the word Mart first half
of the word backwards law martial law I
don't know that was a little far-fetched
but still creepy yeah now the reason
this theory became so big is because
what happened a year ago so out of
nowhere five different Walmart's in four
different states were shut down for six
months employees were only given five
hours of notice and they were given 60
days severance package so they could
like figure out their financial shit now
Walmart said it was because there was
plumbing problems
but six months is way too long to fix a
plumbing problem also how could the
plumbing be that bad that they're
fucking closing the stores and not even
telling the employees about it and what
are the chances that the plumbing would
be bad in five different stores across
the u.s. at the same exact time well
that's when the theory started that
maybe these Walmart's are being turned
into FEMA camps and there is some pretty
strong proof so in the areas that all of
these Walmart's weren't people started
noticing a military action now in Texas
were one of the Walmart shut down as
some residents said that they saw 14
helicopters flying over it they also
said that they saw military tanks
driving by the Walmart then in each
state people started saying they were
hearing the same sounds at night they
said they were hearing large booming
coming from underground now there's a
theory that in the u.s. there is an
underground tunnel system that's not
even a theory that is true I want to get
in trouble look that is pretty true now
look at this map of the alleged
underground tunnel that the military
built now you can see exactly where it's
going now
got this map that shows where the five
closed Walmart yeah they're right over
the tunnels and that's why people think
maybe they are secretly turning those
into FEMA camps and the tunnels are how
the military is getting in and out of
them without being noticed just check
out this interview with a woman who
lived by one of the clothes Walmart's
and what she had to say I've been living
in Blackwood careful last year now and
I've been hearing booming noises and
that's been kind of frightening me
because when I heard one of the videos
and the Ohio one saying that they heard
Bowman noises that showed that they were
talking about building underground
places and none of them closed down over
plumbing reasons they all stayed closed
they all ended up turning into some type
of secretive things with fences around
them now check out this other interview
of these cops who are working at one of
the post Walmart's and what they ask
their auntie are Jenny are they
relegated to W so we're code contractors
and when they're done whole thing was
they're gutting the Walmart why would
you need to gut the entire building if
you're just fixing plumbing to me it
sounds like you arguing a lot more than
that now this is probably the biggest
piece of evidence at one of the
Walmart's of Pico Rivera that was closed
a section of it was left open for the
pharmacy and one girl who is going to
pick up a prescription decided to film
her journey and it was first off there
are police car stationed at every point
of entrance especially where the
receiving Bay is all the windows and
doors are covered with either black
plastic or black target okay
that's fucking weird number one why is
there so many police there in the first
place if they're just doing plumbing why
is there fucking cops and guarding the
whole building and why is a policewoman
letting her in the pharmacy definitely
some machine
a police woman led us in to an area that
they blocked off to the pharmacy as you
a police woman are you hearing this my
friends a police woman let them into an
area why is there a policewoman what is
going on
a lady caught is taking pictures and
filming and then two people approached
us and they told us stop filming I mean
black curtains the cops everywhere
military tanks driving through the
Walmart the underground tunnels right
underneath them the fact that they just
closed them down without telling me why
and then but they were closed down for
six months I know that theory is like a
lot to handle if you really think about
it kind of makes sense okay so the last
thing we're going to do is do a quick
little Mandela effect update so the most
famous Mandela effect as you guys know
is the Berenstein bears and the fact
that we all remember it as Berenstein
not Berenstain like they say it was well
recently this past November there was a
commercial for the berenstain bears on
TV what it said that one gave me chills
for some reason I don't know just
hearing like a TV commercial say
Berenstein fuck it creeps me out I mean
we all know it's Berenstein like I have
never seen it on TV before now I am
there guys go I know these were kind of
big theories today complicated and super
fucked up but hopefully I want you like
that and hopefully you go and do your
own research on the FEMA camps and on
the 27 club there's so much to read
about it's fucked up also leave some
comments down below tell me what you
think of all of these theories and give
me a thumbs up if you want me to keep
doing conspiracy theory videos and I
hope you do because I really like them
all right you guys make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I make new video
every single day and if you want to see
on my other conspiracy videos I'll put a
link to a playlist where at the top of
the description below
Pratchett as LSU you little there is
tomorrow keep your eyes open
alright here we go oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
I just had a heart attack
oh my god but I want more
