let's talk about bad dates certain
people I know they go on so many dates
and they have all these horrors and I'm
like how do you go on so many like like
what like don't you vet don't you google
search oh I totally do I mean I do go
out with what is the best of the best
yeah on paper they're great but they
want to meet him in probably comes out
that that mother living on his
ex-girlfriend's couch why do I keep
trying to blow myself up hey what's up
you guys yes there would be another
microwave video because I just don't
have any folks and if I did I'd
microwave them I know today we're gonna
be microwaving some shit that is extra
dangerous and I know they don't sound
that dangerous but they are for example
grapes did you know if you put a grape
in the microwave damn motherfucker will
explode and below of your house so I got
a whole bunch of them okay let me show
you everything we're gonna destroy whole
video hey guys welcome to my home I'm
standing the photo my microwave which
I've never used because that's where you
put boom I had that in front of my oven
before but that's just because I was
putting my head in there I heard that if
you put your head in there long enough
that just now boom I got a text from
some guy that I've been seeing and I was
like maybe I don't want to die but I
went over to his house and we made love
and then he threw me in the class
because the girlfriend came home and I
was trapped in there for three weeks
I just preheat my oven oh yeah sorry
back to the hall so first we have a
grapes I don't know what these are cuz
they're food suddenly also have these
tiny little bags of chips
once again I've never seen a chip-in
spoon but I do like the bag because when
you crunch it it sounds like the inside
of my head
that's what I hear all day the way of a
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
I don't know Reese's and I don't know
what peanut butter are but I know what
cups are sometimes my boyfriend throws
it at me but don't worry he usually
misses and sometimes he does him I have
a really big scar on the back of my head
I cover it with my hair
Lesley have an apple once again I don't
know if this is because it's food but if
you have an Apple iPhone which I tried
to eat one time didn't work out I kind
of poop it out my FaceTime became about
time and I called my mom the scary part
is when she answered it was on her but
we have a weird relationship then I have
a capri-sun it's like this little drink
where you like stick a straw inside of
it and you can almost take your aim
around like you can just go like why did
you leave me why did you cheat on me who
is she and then you suck all the life
out from inside of it I'm not allowed to
have animals around by way of a pop-tart
I think it's fluid but I also think it's
a title of a Lady gaga
either way by July the Naxals these are
marshmallows or as I call them every
single person I see at Walmart and this
is a Ricky Dillon follow me book if you
followed me you know you would see me
throwing this in the trash what follow
me that was fun yes knows about my item
now let me explain it not my parasocial
voice which by the way a lot of you guys
don't know that I used to do characters
which I want to start doing again soon
and if you want that let me know I have
a big box of wigs
okay so marshals are gonna puff up and
get huge which I'm excited about I've
got the little bag of chips cuz I
thought I'd be cute because we saw the
big bag but the little bag will get
really little and Oh lolli goals also
the Capri Sun is definitely gonna
explode because there's foil in it and
I'm just curious like what's that gonna
do also I'll probably just find random
objects around my house or throw them in
microwave because why the fuck not I
hear a guy also sight know I saw a lot
of comments saying Shane put your phone
in the microwave I'm not that stupid I
have seen what happens when you would
have phone in the microwave it doesn't
end well yeah you know what actually I'm
tempted to do it because that's probably
the only way my phone will ever
unless it's a bunch of text from my mom
showing me pictures after war Shanee
what a think this is is this can cancer
is it a war is it a booger oh I love
that
okay let's put such as a microwave okay
so we're good you start with a grape now
this sounds kind of dumb but it's crazy
if you cut a grape in half and lay it
flat like that and then put it
underneath a glass cup supposedly it
like shoots plasma and shit I can't
really explain it well we're gonna see
what happens okay here we go okay I'm
nervous
1 2 3 wait why isn't it working
hello where's the magic wait what the
fuck okay so I just researched it a
little bit I fucked up so you have to
put a plate down then put the grapes and
the cup all right now it should make
some fucking magic why - great come on
come on come on ah okay maybe it's the
cup all right you know I'm just gonna
put it in without a cup which could be
very dangerous
let's do it come on make magic oh my god
I hear something oh my god what's
happening okay okay it's smoking come on
oh fuck you oh okay the fucking grapes
are working a very fucking mad innit
here's what it's supposed to look like
yeah fucking magical all mine did was
fucking bubble and hissed and smell if I
wanted that I would just listen to my
insides okay we're gonna put something
in here that we know is it a fuck shit
up a baby bag of chips okay I'm so
excited about this oh my god I can't
wait to see how little kids oh I have
such an obsession with little tiny thing
here we go oh you're looking all right
whoo yeah bitch yeah bitch fuck you
grace fuck you grace fuck you right we
don't need you bitch
we don't fucking need you oh you're so
oh no oh fuck Ron why are you so done no
fuck you right
no no you know what fuck you you did you
shit burn you wasted our time
I followed you later alright let's see
what this little bag looks like hey okay
okay this is not as cute as the Dorito
bag was it literally does not even look
like a bag like what what happened to
her okay let's try another one
what's right Cool Ranch you feel like
she won't let me down here let me get
y'all a close-up okay ready guys one two
three
oh my god Wow oh my god that was fucking
amazing
god you're fucking beautiful yes bitch
fucking shine Queen oh my god look at
her look at her look her she's fucking
perfect look at her oh my god this is
exactly what it'd be like if you had a
baby oh my god and then you say oh my
god I love you you're so beautiful and
then over the years you start to notice
its flaws and you say well the top is a
little crunched up probably could have
straighten that out and it's a little
lopsided and while the back is a little
burnt but you're still my baby but no
let's try again wait what if we fucking
put in a bag that has chips in it that
could be a problem that could be a fire
let's do it oh my god okay all right
this one I'm actually nervous about
let's see what happens
one two three Oh God
oh my god is that it what happened Oh oh
my god me when I don't fit into my prom
dress just Cheetos popping up the side
they told me it was large honey you're
an extra-large oh my god
actually that's kind of everything look
at that that's life you know what I mean
like life is a bag of Cheetos but
sometimes you just never know what
you're gonna get that's like an emo bag
of Cheetos I love that
so gothic and like torna oh my god you
cheat okuni hi guys it's you cheat okuni
I'm so sorry I'm sorry I'm always sorry
I'm sorry sorry sorry sorry please
forgive me for being skinny okay
seriously every single one of her videos
is an apology who is she me all right
next item oh now I don't know if this is
actually gonna work because I feel like
it might because it might be the same
material but it also might explode so oh
wait we should actually take the Reese's
out what am I ever gonna do with them
well I guess I could save them for a
nice occasion or maybe just nibble on a
piece and then put in the fridge and
nibble on it the next day you know save
it throughout the week don't even like
give it to a friend who likes recess or
I could even just throw them away
because like I don't need it or I could
just make a cheeto Reese's sandwich and
just eat it right now mmm you know all
of you jeana's continents are eat
something feel like all of my comments
are gonna start being stop eating okay
here we go oh my god oh I hope that
works me so cute all right one two three
oh my god oh my god nothing's happening
why is anything happening who I'm
panicking
LuAnn panicking what's happening hello
why is nothing happening does this
material not do anything are you fucking
kidding me are you telling me I just ate
a racist cheeto sandwich for nothing hey
guys I'm really sorry that you to see
need that Reese's Cheetos sandwich I'll
stop eating I know it's a problem I'm
probably going to stop tomorrow today
I'm just going to continue and eat this
whole box of pop-tarts and maybe this
entire bag of marshmallows but then
after that I'm done obviously have to
finish healthy Spags and chips I got 24
pack but after that I'm done
you know I will wash it down with my
Capri Sun but after that I'm 100% done I
also have these two bottles of chocolate
syrup in my cabinet from a video shoot
so once i guzzled lows down i'll be done
and oh wow family size back at Cerritos
for some reason I guess I will just have
my family over and after I eat those
I'll be done back to microwaving okay so
I know for a fact these pop-tarts are
gonna do something crazy because I saw
somebody made a video I didn't watch it
because I didn't want to spoil it but
they said it was nuts
what am I ever gonna do with these two
pop stars I just have no idea
cool ranch Dorito pop-tart sandwich I
said I'd stop tomorrow all right here we
go oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god I just had a
heart attack
oh my god but I want more oh my god okay
okay oh my god that was everything oh my
god that was beautiful okay we're doing
it again okay oh my god a lot of smoke
oh my god that was fucking incredible oh
my god that was that was fucking
everything that was the best thing we've
ever done in life no that was the best
thing we've ever microwaved Oh
who would have known who would've
thought oh my god wait oh my god okay
let's put in Rickie Dylan's book and
then if that doesn't do anything we'll
fuckin fill his book with pop-tarts and
just explode oh this is the best day of
my life okay bye Ricky go get his book
on Amazon
okay nothing's happening
he still is really excited just like
really excited to be in the microwave
just like loving all the vibes all the
waves all the radioactivity so obviously
that's not gonna do anything so let's
fill her with parts arrive okay Ricky
are you ready to get lit Oh
1 2 3 whoo oh my god it just exploded on
his face I'd make a joke but he's
asexual so I'm not going to all I'm
saying is one day I will explode on his
face and he'll be like yeah bisexual
okay let's look oh my god okay wait
that's actually really cute it came out
his nose he look like an elephant oh my
god with the ears and the fucking
elephant nose that's everything Ricky
you're next bug I just want to throw him
a peanut oh my god what a literal
elephant Queen oh my god and I'm Rhino
Queen huh go off into the job together
okay I just got an idea
how about a pop tart wrapper and a
little bag of chips
Bill Nye whoo all right here we go
whoo oh my god oh my god
fucking relationshipgoals he let her go
first and then when she was done he's
like all right babe my turn oh my God
look at them and now they're dead
together oh oh I could cry okay so we're
gonna go to put an apple in the
microwave I saw a video of somebody
doing it and supposedly the Apple
explodes all right so let's see if that
really happens all right come on oh oh
oh oh my god it's moving oh my god it's
fucking alive oh my god
oh my god like that Christian show we're
like the fruit vegetables talk and it's
saying oh oh my god oh my god it's gonna
explode oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god
oh my god me when I'm gonna bust me when
I'm alone and I'm gonna bust okay
explode okay but actually me when I bust
did anything happen
hello all right let's try it again okay
all right come on do something
ah you're just like great you don't do
anything fuck you get the fuck out of my
microwave alright so the last thing we
have is a big bag of marshmallows but
before we do that let's like look around
my house and see what else you can put
it here okay alcohol no that would kill
us wow I have a lot of alcohol
everywhere but like actually it's so
much alcohol I have a problem hi no no I
want to go in the microwave yeah you're
bored with life let's end it
ooh what about this little pinata yes in
the microwave huh what about my Bujji
dear oh I could never kill her what
about my movie not cool now available on
Netflix and iTunes for my book or my
shorts covered in guacamole and branch
when she has a movie in two boats and
she can't get yours me uh I wish you fit
in the microwave I'd love to watch you
die remember when I said I had a box of
wigs I'm not a liar all right so I don't
really see anything else cool to put it
in microwave so we are just going to do
a big bag of marshmallows which I hope
will explode because I'm ready for a
grand finale bitch okay so I am just
going to dump them all in here and watch
the magic happen all right here we go
oh my god oh my god I'm so excited
I think any bigger wait are they not
getting bigger hello okay that's not
good enough okay maybe let's take some
out maybe there's just too many all
right there we go yes bitch yes bitch
rise up queen
yeah it's bitch that's what I'm talking
about yes grow Oh fucking me oh wow
they're so beautiful
oh my god oh all the smell oh my god oh
I'm sorry guys I have to I mean come on
oh my god oh my god pop-tarts more oh
it's burning my fingers oh I don't care
oh my god oh fuck I'll just turn into an
evening video real quick
oh my camera's all fired up with looking
sexual in here oh my god uh-huh oh oh
come on baby come on baby come on babe
Oh bah okay sorry sorry back to the
video okay so since the marshmallows
were a letdown our grand finale is going
to be a bunch of chips oh my god okay
this could be the end thumbs up
one two three oh my god oh my god oh
well the fuck home is a letdown I mean
they're cute like squad goals but like
Bob like the party was lit but it wasn't
lit AF o oh my guys go that was me
putting more shit into my microwave I'm
running out of ideas for what to put my
microwave so if you have any please
leave me some comments letting me know
and if you want me to do another video
where I put shit in microwave give me a
thumbs up also subscribe to my channel
right down below cuz I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
little lid back shit tomorrow
poutine is so fucking good and after I
eat this entire platter of poutine and I
get the gravies coming out of my ass I'm
gonna blame Canada
