guys you just finish the podcast and
wait no that's the wall oh we did a
podcast we talked about our relationship
our formal relationship we looked at old
pictures about us we talked about who
she's having sex with and we talked
about Donald Trump so check it out I'll
put a link down there SoundCloud a
complicated brands
hey guys yes I am so fucking excited
about this video I worked so fucking
hard on this video I had to travel
around the world I had to go to Mexico I
had a gorge apeun I had to go to the UK
and I brought back all the craziest
McDonald's items I could buy
that's a lie I actually just went to
like McDonald's a two way I'm down the
street I got a bunch of items and then I
went to the 99-cent store and I got some
other food items and then I came home
and assembled them all at 2:00 a.m.
while I had a bunch of different screen
savers from around the world on my Apple
TV but it was still a lot of work so yes
we are going to be doing McDonald's from
around the world now I was excited about
this idea until I saw the items like I
was thinking oh it's some kind of Big
Mac with like spaghetti sauce on it from
Italy or like fries with like nacho
toppings in Mexico and then I look and
these motherfuckers are putting seaweed
in there make Flurry's they're put
mashed potatoes on the purse they are
putting chocolate syrup on their Nuggets
that's alive that was me cuz it was 2
a.m. and I'm me alright let's get
started okay so first we are going to
take a trip to Canada
okay so this is probably the most famous
food item in Canada and it has been
McDonald dies it is poutine okay if you
don't know what poutine is I feel like
I've done a video on poutine before
because it's so fucking good its fries
with gravy and melted cheese now usually
it's cheese curds which is like kernel
cheese so like I don't have any fancy
stores right here that would have that
but I do have the 99 cent store and all
their cheese is old and curdled so
that'll do also when I went to the
99-cent store there was a woman inside
the shopping cart crime like it's
already sad that we're all of the
99-cent store at like midnight but like
how bad is it yeah you had to crawl into
your casket whoo I mean basket I mean
casket like what happened that day like
what made you go to the 99-cent store
anyways like when I see somebody crying
in public I'm like okay maybe their mom
died but when I see somebody crying in a
99-cent store I'm like okay they're
gonna die also I'm gonna die cuz I'm
eating food from there okay so let's dig
into this oh my god okay let's just oh
my oh fuck me ah sorry I know the
Canadians are very polite I didn't need
to scream what I meant to say was fuck
me oh hey okay here we go okay let's
take a fuck oh fuck I lost some of the
gravy oh okay oh that's the shit at the
fucking one bitch oh I'm gonna go back
to 9 SS work and find that dead bitch
and tell her to wait forever
and draws over this boat a side note
isn't it crazy that she might actually
be dead
and like I'm the last person she saw
like I'm the last interaction she had
like as she was sitting there in that
basket thinking about her whole life and
like wondering if it was over the last
thing she heard was hi excuse me can you
just roll over three inches I need a
gram that gravy Oh what Oh
can you roll over a few inches I need to
grab that gravy oh sorry
um I'll just roll you myself
poutine is so fucking good and after I
eat this entire platter of poutine and I
get the gravies coming out of my ass I'm
gonna blame Canada
all right next food all right so this
next item comes from the wonderful
country of Mexico yes this is the Dorito
Quarter Pounder okay this is the one
that I am very skeptical of like this is
the youtuber movie of burgers like you
see the trailer and you're like I'm
skeptical and hopefully when you bite
into it it's a camp Takota
and I'm expelled no shade to Cameron
Dallas you got a big dick you'll be fine
okay here we go
whoo okay all right let's take it out of
the box oh my god actually this looks
fucking bomb oh my god wait hold on let
me get a close-up of this okay so you
can see this is a quarter pounder oh
fuck me oh oh
pinche me ah listen I'm bisexual not
bilingual okay so that is a
quarter-pounder than his guacamole and
Doritos oh my God look at she's throwing
up god she's so sick she's gagging oh
it's every side no the other day my dog
threw up and then I went to go grab a
towel to clean it up and when I came
back he was just eating it
I've never screamed me so loud in my
life all right here we go let's take the
first bite oh my god Oh
Oh God it's not into Mexican what racist
whatever in fucking good oh my god the
fucking walk is spicy the fucking
Doritos or crunchy the fucking burger is
killing it like this is the best thing
Mexico's ever done like honestly they
need to build the wall just to keep us
from coming over and giving this alright
so we've had our burger we've had our
fries now it is time for some dessert
and this next dessert comes from Sigma
Pole
now listen I've never been to Singapore
I actually don't really even know where
it is back when I was growing up we were
to Singapore to go anywhere you thank
you but over in Singapore they have the
black sesame Mick flurry
now black Sesame's are something that
usually you only find out a bagel but
for some reason they decide to put it in
there make flurries can you see that I
don't know what to think of this I don't
even know how I'm gonna eat this is it
going to be sweet I don't know what do
black Sesame's tastes like are those a
dessert over there all right so I'm just
gonna go in I'm just gonna get a big old
scoop oh my god Oh Oh looks like a bunch
of ants oh can you see that Oh nervous
okay here we go here we go here we go
I'm being exotic I'm being cultural okay
here we go
amber cold I have a lot Cala T ah real
country ah ah it's not good it's like
the ice cream is good obviously but the
fucking black Sesame's oh it's like the
worst part of a bagel Oh it's like when
you were a kid and your mom is like okay
honey I made you breakfast and then she
showed you some burnt ass peanut butter
toast you're like mm I'm okay I'm not
hungry
and then she's like honey you have to
eat you have to nourish yourself or you
go to school oh it's okay mom him just
like not hungry honey I'm not gonna
leave until I watch you eat it no really
mom I'm fine honey come on you have a
that's how mom really I'm good I'll just
wait for lunch honey why aren't you
eating
are you internet sick are you going
through something what's happening you
know you can talk to mommy Oh
oh my god oh my god let me just say it
oh my god I don't think I should mom oh
my god okay it's okay it's okay
you can tell me you can tell me I'm
sitting down let me sit down okay okay
Jesus guide me through this got me
through this I'll be okay what
honey tell me your toast is burnt and it
tastes like ass and don't even get me
started on your scrambled eggs
it tastes like hot dog vomit oh and last
night that Hamburger Helper you made the
only helper I need isn't pepto-bismol
and a plunger because I broke the toilet
okay honey I get it and don't even get
me started on Thanksgiving
okay honey you can stop now that's her
key tasted like a dead cat and I could
have used that stale as biscuit awesome
and I should have I should have thrown
it right through your fucking head BYE
MOM
no I love little mommy's son talks next
week all right this next one is from
Japan okay so this one is the one I work
the hardest on and oh god it looks so
gross okay so let me show you a picture
but it supposed to look like so that is
a burger that has a rice bun oh my god
rice bun new youtuber don't want to
visible I want to get roasted and then
there's like some teriyaki sauce on it
like it looks actually kind of good and
then you have what I made so here's mine
it's a little drippy okay so mine
basically and yes I'm holding a trashcan
right below it because it's that much of
a mess so I have to make a rice by
myself so I literally took rice cooked
it formed it into a patty it didn't stay
so that I mixed it with milk and then
froze it and then I cut it into a bun
shape and that's how I got whatever the
fuck this is
oh my life's work no I hope that woman
has extra room in her basket oh wait let
me try to get it up trash okay all right
we're still good
here is my rice fun burger listen how
juicy it is you know those wet sounds
that's because it's still frozen all
right so obviously this is not gonna
taste like what the actual Japan version
tastes like but hey I tried my fucking
best and maybe one day I'll go
but probably not because that's like an
18 hour plane ride and there's only so
many times I can watch Zootopia which by
the way it's such a fucking sad movie
literally the whole time they're like
hey bunny hey you stupid bitch hey you
fucking whore
you still a little bunny fucking stupid
bitch like they don't say those exact
words but it's like the gist okay here
we go
let's take a bite oh my god oh fuck okay
ah everything about it is bad
ah the me is not the problem that's
crazy
that I just ate a McDonald's Burger and
I said well the meats not the problem I
mean the meat is usually the problem the
problem was just whatever the fuck this
was this is like some shit Gordon Ramsay
would like find out a kitchen nightmare
and he'd be like what the fuck is this
oh that's my milk frozen rice biscuit
what the fuck did you make this oh it's
my mother's ingredient I love my mother
so much she passed away three years ago
and I just haven't been the same since
I'm glad your mother's dead because if
she would have seen this she would have
killed her fuck himself
well she'd been kill her so now I know
why and then he gives him a new logo and
a new menu and leaves I love that show
next week okay so this next item is from
China
Oh China where you're only supposed to
have one child right isn't that the
thing like if you have more than one
child they kill the other one that might
just be a rumor but god that's a good
idea
Oh can you imagine like you're at the
store and there's like a whole fucking
family in front of you in line and
they're taking forever
and there's like two little kids and
then one turns around and it's like oh
hi um hi well they're tugging on your
shirt and then you turn around you're
like yes um what oh good good fuckin say
little bitch I swear to God if what
you're about to say is not the most
important fuckin thing in the whole
world oh my god what's your favorite
color red and then you slap that bitch's
neck open red all over
and then the mom goes oh my god you
killed my child and then I say well you
had two of them so gosh what a dream oh
yeah
food okay so this is listen China you
have a good idea with the whole killing
kids thing which still might be a rumor
but this was not your brightest moment
this is a mashed potato and gravy Big
Mac what listen better not a Chinese
thing like Chinese people aren't like oh
fuck me up some mashed potatoes on my
orange chicken bitch like that's not a
thing like I've never been to China but
I've been to Chinese food restaurants
and they don't suck like that they also
don't like when you ask for more noodles
but listen you have that big-ass
styrofoam plate or those big-ass to-go
cup and then you put like that many
noodles in it bitch still a wrap like I
know the population in China is crazy
which is why you have to kill children
but the population in that to-go cup is
very small so let's raise it I want
much--how Maine to be overpopulated it
mi mouth is gonna be immigration I don't
even know what I'm good let's just eat
so yeah mashed potato burger Oh China
you're fucked up for this one but I
still love you anyways let's actually
open it up let's look at the
of that oh here we go that actually
looks good okay that angles killing it
hmm I'm very conflicted just in general
but also about this burger I love Big
Macs they're one of my favorite
fast-food so like I love a Big Mac and I
like that potatoes and gravy and I think
it kind of glues together but also it
doesn't because then like the master
Davis won't taste like anything really
so it's like you're eating a Big Mac and
then you have like texture do you guys
even want like a review is that what
these videos are you relieving care
because if you want a review bitch I'll
go in on this burger I'll give you
fucking flavor profiles bitch I'll give
you notes
I'll give you essence is here let's try
that change music okay so here is my
mashed potato Big Mac burger as you can
see we have the old ass bond with
another old ass bun in the middle of it
can't get enough of those buns then we
have the old old lettuce oh it's opening
up a little mouth to throw up oh yeah
there it is do you feel better burger
hope you do then if you just open it up
from the inside you'll see all that
special sauce which is probably filled
with some of the clerk's special sauce
because he was mad that I was asking for
all these items oh there's a couple
little pickles sucky fat okay so let's
just take a sip oh that smells like
middle school armpits okay great now
let's just take one leg bite
mmm I'm getting meat I'm giving cheese
hmm I'm getting lettuce mm-hmm
and I'm getting potatoes they were
powdered all in all I think it's pretty
good food I don't even think McDonald's
is food I think it's played out like I
feel like they're serving us play-doh
and we don't even know and honestly I'll
lean it okay this next food is once
again from Japan yes that was a video
rickey dillion dancing in Japan he's
very lucky there weren't any samurai
swords around at that moment okay so
these are fries not have seaweed flakes
on top okay now listen I live I get it I
know people love seaweed I get it I
don't like it I think it tastes like
Donald Trump taint
I think it's he's like old salty skin I
think it tastes like something Melania
has never licked I think it tastes like
something that Donald Trump says come on
babe and she goes oh I'd rather eat
sheet by the way I saw her pussy have I
already told you guys that I saw her
pussy you can google it you can see the
first lady's pussy I love America okay
so here we go I'm just gonna go in I'm
gonna get a big old chunk of seaweed oh
ah that smell is a mixture of Donald's
taint and Hillary's clitoral hood listen
I know that's graphic but it's just what
I smell oh my god
Hillary Clinton cluttery cluttery
Clinton oh that would have made her win
all right here we go
ah it's so salty it's not even Donald
teint its Donald's Twitter I'm have to
delete this tweet okay it's salty its
crunchy like I feel like some people
would like this like I feel like our
McDonald's in America should probably
incorporate some of these recipes but
for me personally I rather put my whole
head inside of Ricky Dillon's ass and
just chew around last food okay so this
is not from McDonald's but I saw this on
one of like the around the world food
web sites and I just had to try it this
is from some other fast food place
called fast kitchen in Japan
random
oh I bet that ass is moist all that
dancing oh I should call him up I'm
gonna call him I'm sorry the person you
were trying to reach has a voice mailbox
that has not been set up yes please
later goodbye
that was shady blocked me right away
didn't even let me leave our message
were facetiming I know you ain't doing
shit Ricky what are you dancing around
China okay we're sending my video
message this mother fucker hey Ricky
filming a video just wondering if your
ass is moist let me know I'll give you
guys an update okay so this food is oh
my god
okay hey Shane what's up sorry I was
getting a haircut I'm a jack hey Andrew
y'all is my butt is my butt moist all
right hotshot we're in public
awesome hey is my maybe not hot
um I can head of her um it's dry back to
eat it if I had a penny for every time I
said back to eating well I'd be Trump
okay so here we go this is a sandwich
and it has white bread KitKat orange
peels and whipped cream
thanks Japan okay here we go
I didn't even know you could eat orange
peels maybe you can't I don't know we'll
find out but the idea of KitKat with
whipped cream look at that kind it
sounds fucking bomb on some bread fuck
me up bitch I used to fucking a dip
white bread into chocolate syrup just
dip it god I don't know how I got so
obese the mystery really all right here
we go ah
order peel not a bra perform I don't
even know to say I need to processes
just cut the rickey dillion dancing
okay I'm back but orange-peel really
throws a wrench in things like I feel
like without it this might actually be
kind of good and then the orange peel
comes along like the orange peel is like
remember back in the day when like
Napoleon Dynamite was a thing and then
they would put that Napoleon Dynamite
guy into movies and if you like oh my
god I love this movie it's so cute and
then he would pop up and he'd be like
whoo-hoo cool whoa righteous and you'd
be like bah I was enjoying this movie
and then the pole dynamite popped in and
ruined it which is probably how Japan
felt when Ricky Dillon came there like
we were enjoying our country and then
Ricky Dillon started dancing all over it
we were in the middle of our sushi and I
was about to take a bite of my crab roll
and then I heard a fucking loud gasp and
about pop and I look over and I see this
motherfucking dancin spread his
asexuality everywhere getting his moist
ass all over our land fuckin drippin
Alomar Street oh I can't wait to see
what that ask - okay let's try a bite
without the orange peel I want to get
another chance
Bob without the orange bill that is
fucking good
he's like a big cream puff also would be
my name in jail and you know all the
motherfuckers would want to bite will
you guys go that was all of our
McDonald's items from around the world
and Ricky Dylan's ass around my lips
hope you guys enjoyed that I kind of
want to do more videos like this I want
to do like Taco Bell around the world
KFC around the world if you want that
let me know in the comments what fast
food I should do the world I'll say this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it you
want more food videos and subscribe to
the channel write that below because I
make new videos every day and also if
you want to see my other food videos
I've done a shit ton I did famous
Instagram foods I did famous foods from
movies all that shit I'll put a link to
a playlist shredded copy the cripton
below alright hello foodies I will see
you tomorrow we're filming my short film
the lottery which is a chapter from my
book it gets worse and we are in front
of a house that is supposed to be my
childhood house we have a mini version
of me when I was 11 we have someone
playing my mom my mom is going to come
by today and meet her my dog's coming
it's a fucking crazy day
