hey what's up guys my name is desperate
welcome back to you what the fuck fuck
Disney has been around forever with
almost 500 movies now it's hard to argue
that Disney has made some of the best
movies ever made in this day and age
Disney pretty much owns everything ever
made
that being said is amazing as Disney is
they've long been suspected of hiding
subliminal sexual messages in a lot of
their animated movies from inappropriate
words appearing in the sky of the Lion
King to straight-up nude scenes and
dicks on the covers of their movies for
days what the fuck five we countdown
Disney's 5 best hidden sexual innuendos
so coming in at number one is Aladdin
Disney's 1993 hit was met with rave
reviews from both critics and fans alike
normalizing owning a pet monkey and also
lying to women to get in their pants
what what a lot of people may have
missed and certainly a five-year-old
little best read was a certain line many
people claimed to hear as Aladdin is
approaching Jasmine's tower on its
flying carpet so to play the line and
you guys tell me what you hear huh did
you hear it so a lot of people are
claiming that Aladdin is saying good
teenagers take off your clothes so I'll
play it again and see if you can hear it
this time
so what Disney was finally asked about
this they were like what the hell are
you guys hearing and claimed that the
line actually says good kitty
get off and go yeah okay Disney
conspiracy
who knows with this one though I mean
maybe more just being perverts and it
actually does say that but it still made
a couple of people question what the
fuck Aladdin is doing in his spare time
number two The Lion King in addition to
being one of these saddest fucking
movies ever why would you do that to us
Disney you maniacal asshole ha ha ha I'm
gonna make a ton of people fuckin cry on
that note never watch the movie the Fox
in the house just just don't do it but
the Lion King was also said to have a
hidden message in the movie literally
written in the clouds during the scene
where Simba's being emo because his dad
is dead spoiler alert you can clearly
see the dust spell something out in the
sky so most people believe that the
animators just wanted to spell out the
sex in the sky for some reason but
according to Disney they have a
different story
they say that instead of sex it spells
out sfx has a little nod to these
special effects animators that were
working on the movie and this one's a
little bit more plausible than the last
one I think because also how immature do
you have to be to be like hey Todd guess
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna animate sex
in the sky berry please don't do that
I already did it's got damn it Barry
number 3 the Little Mermaid all this
movie is infamous for having multiple
hidden innuendos including a priest with
a boner
the most notable them has to be the
apparent dick on the cover of the movie
under this one it's really hard to be
like no no that's just a normal Tower
you guys are perverts no that is a dick
that is a dick 100% erect wiener so the
story with this one apparently is one of
the artists that was working on the
poster was about to be laid off and is
the last fuck you to the producer drew a
hidden dick in there which by the way is
probably the best way that you can get
back at an employer no protests no
violence just a giant a wreck dick on
the cover of a children's movie number 4
Alice in Wonderland a movie that is so
saturated in drug innuendos it's
probably really easy to miss the blaring
sexual innuendo near the beginning as
Alice gets into a hole that looks like
um well you guys watch porn I'm sure you
know what it looks like you don't watch
porn good joke don't worry I won't tell
your parents and this one is definitely
one of those ones that looks intentional
unless every hole in the world just
comes equipped with a literal clitoris
which I don't think is the case there's
no explanation with this one so it could
be that it just slipped under a lot of
people's radars until recently it also
makes me wonder if Alice has just been
inside a giant vagina this whole time in
which case I think
lady needs to get checked out because I
don't think it's normal to have fucking
talking smoking caterpillars and oysters
in their vagina unless it is normal in
which case that would explain why my
ex-girlfriend smelt like a literal fish
market wet fish we go perfect oh man
back to back to serious stuff and
finally at number five is Monsters Inc
come on recent addition to this list
monsters Inc had to be mentioned as
during the scene where Sully comes into
the room of a little girl you can see a
hand-drawn picture in the back that is a
little bit suggestive okay where is this
girl seeing the things that she's
drawing this is why you've got a block
pornhub on your iPad parents God or stop
getting reamed and doggy style in front
of your kids what what this one as
convincing as it seems is apparently
faked and was actually done as a joke
from one of the movie's animators in the
actual scene you can see that it is
definitely not with the little girl drew
which is a giant relief because judging
by that girl's room I can assume that
her parents do not have enough money to
afford that kind of therapy for her if
it was true story anyways that is it for
this episode of what the fuck five
hopefully I didn't ruin your childhood
too much but if you liked it make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as I will be doing these
every single week unless I'm sick like
last week then I will not be doing it
every week but most of the time I'll be
doing it every week what am I talking
about also before you guys go make sure
to subscribe to my channel youtube.com /
captain Vestas where i also post
mediocre content also if you guys could
do me a huge favor and watch Shane
Dawson's latest short film it is fucking
amazing I'm so proud of that guy and I
also you know as always I feel super
blessed for him allowing me to be on his
channel and I don't know what I did to
deserve this great opportunity but Thank
You Shane and yet guys go watch that
shape as it is great that being said
I'll see you next time for another what
the fuck vibe thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
