well hello there and welcome to a day in
Shane's life now I know what you're
thinking you you're not Shane get off
the screen no I'm a friend of Shane's my
name is Garrett and he asked if I would
come by and capture a day in his life on
the set of his new short film the
lottery it's really fun we had a really
good time it was sometimes sad and and
and it was also sometimes slightly
illegal I think in some states but still
we had a good time so enjoy and
afterwards be sure to watch the short
film the lottery okay guys welcome to my
childhood
we're filming my short film the lottery
which is a chapter from my book it gets
worse and we are in front of a house
that is supposed to be my childhood
house we have a mini version of me when
I was 11
we have someone playing my mom my mom is
gonna come by today and meet her my
dog's coming
it's a fucking crazy day and I'm ready
to die okay so we are right here in
front of an actual replica of my
childhood house what's that mom cry dad
screaming shame-eating
uncle michael killing himself oh that's
sad that's true let's go check it out
let our peanut he died lucky bastard all
right young Shane what have you created
here a peanut butter and jelly explosion
I took leftover pita bread from
yesterday's lunch hashtag not sponsor
oh hey Missy mind if I ask you a few
questions
yeah okay um so are you enjoying
yourself today
no I'm not I'm moving to see this wig do
you know what I look like are you
looking at this this is a fucking
nightmare
I'm only doing this for shame because
I'm aware he's gonna kill himself if I'm
not here om t90 yeah well I'll get him
out how's the bathroom I tried to shit
out all my memories but nope still here
that's my grandma my real grandma yeah
that's my not-dead grandma Park it that
should I be dead soon
yep he's right I'm gonna go soon I know
it I know it okay so my mom just got
here he's ready to see her past life I
feel like there might be tears alcohol
oh my god this is crazy
that's little me Oh how's it gonna be a
little shame good it's fun that's very
different than the reality are you ready
to meet yourself I brought her a gift
should I get it well she brought me a
gift she didn't bring me anything but so
I think I got so excited that I
fractured it too so they had to do
surgery and remove it and I have
stitches and I'm bruised and there you
go so it's a lot
I am your mother darling
I can't believe that I just met missi
pyle I mean I'm freaking out you know I
wrote Missy in the card and I said I
remember sitting in a theater watching
her on Parent Trap and how she like
stole the whole movie and if somebody
would have told me then that not only
would I be meeting her one day but she'd
be playing me I would have been like
you're crazy so you are playing - Jared
change brother yes
and how did you prepare for this rope
well Shane's actual mom Teresa gave me a
few tips on how to play it and what her
son is really like oh my gosh honey you
know what
just be like wasted all the time act
like you could care less about anything
just don't study don't have a life just
be useless okay so back here we actually
have a few of my body double here here
and here we usually use that one there's
more sludge in it all right let's go
take a look at our trailer these are my
people
hi people how's your day on sippin my
day on set has been I'm really
depressing I usually like to think about
my past and my childhood how fat I was
and how depressed I was as a kid
everyday anyways so it's nice to see it
so here's the trailers um obviously over
there is hair and makeup right here is
where missi pyle is they have my room
over here could use a blow-up right uh
that's fine I'm not gonna complain yo
may come in there
no I'm just gonna hang out relax you
know get in my zone and uh well I'll see
you soon
the bathroom no it's not it's my trailer
what's been a cool experience about like
shooting with the Shannon Machine Trump
impression sorry trying to see my Donald
Trump impression sure our jobs are
fleeing the country they're going to
Mexico and China Oh Hillary she's easy
she's a nasty woman all right man how's
it going so what is your role here today
on set mm-hmm I'm s she's uh she she
said she saw Shannon chin and Lucy yeah
okay all right oh hey let's get back to
set whoa what do you want to tell the
people who know ha I shit in the house
this morning
so did I oh we couldn't afford you when
I was little we played with trash come
you know in there Doug cute I hate dogs
so this is actually an exact replica of
my childhood couch and we got it
because as you can see these two
cushions right here are very big and
tight and what you can do is open them
up just a little bit seams under and you
just shove your little toy craft in
there you just shut that little boy
cockamamie just right you know what
let's get little Shane to re-enact it
max get in here and stick your little
boy hawk in there come on
so now
one thing I always tell Shane don't
worry you're gonna die
taming shiny shit we're gonna win the
lottery what one lottery ticket please
we're gonna win today God told me Oh
ready that's exactly what he said
I wish I could do that why can't you I
haven't any
