has it begun yes today we're going to be
trying more girl products and these ones
are even fucking crazier than last time
and last time I literally ended up
looking like this yeah it was not your
fuel and today it's going to get even
crazier but before we get into that once
again I talked to Heather all week
please please please if you haven't seen
my new short film yet it's on my main
channel shanedawsontv and I hope you
like it and please please please go
check it out I'll put the link right the
top of the scripts below back to turning
me into a very very scary woman so first
it's not a fucking trying girl products
video unless I have my clip-in bangs so
really quick let me just transform if
this is what the Transformers movies
were like I'd watch them just Shia
LaBeouf going hold on guys got to put on
my wig okay robot let's go fuck some
shit up okay oh my god I never feel more
confident than I do when I'm wearing
these clip-in bangs wow this slowly
turned into a commercial for these
before I had my clip-in bangs I was
trash people throw empty cups at me but
anything else homeless people would pay
me but now with my new clipping bangs
I'm trash with the wig on and I love my
new lies ooh
also I feel like we might have just
found the new member of the family and I
think like every time we do a triangle
product video we need to invite Kirsten
Erica yeah I'm doc oh I don't love it
did you miss me I know you did
oh gosh in short film and all day you
the thumbs down Oh a lot of thumb nuts
that was the grossest sound I've ever
made okay first product okay this is
called an eyelid trainer bitch already
don't want a personal trainer what makes
you think I want an eyelid trader the
only trainer I want is American and
that's cuz she's relatable although she
ever loses weight I'm understanding okay
so I guess what this does is makes your
eyelids bigger
no it's very scary okay so let's try
these on oh my god this is terrifying
all right here we go
you just put them on like reading
glasses except they're torture devices
which honestly are reading glasses
because like who likes to read says the
person who wrote two books okay here we
go
wait what hold on I do this right huh
you is that it oh my god I don't know oh
wait hold on when you see the big foot
of our sad oh my god hold on
big and shook I can not only see nor
that oh boy you're so ship
you can't even blink that's look at me
like when you see the Twitter drama
going on and you're like oh my god when
Shawn Mendes is noodly and Tyler Oakley
gets into a Twitter fight with Donald
Trump's occurs no much did it train my
eyelids no did it make me a new meme is
all right next product this is
horrifying okay it looks like a cute
little like neck pillow no no this is a
neck stretcher so I guess you wrap it
around your neck like this and then you
start pumping but what's working oh my
gosh it's slowly choking me oh my god
look oh my god it's so easy it's really
really choking you know huh what is this
supposed to do oh hold on it's actually
okay it's working I don't know what it's
supposed to do but it's killing me
okay oh my god it's actually this is
gonna break my neck
holy shit my neck is mr. rashed when all
that drama got you so shook that you get
a neck injury oh my god oh my god okay
I'm getting lightheaded
okay I'm starting to lose consciousness
this lets keep something I wanna see how
far I can go oh my god oh my god oh my
god wow this is such a weird sensation
can you guys see like how stretched my
neck is like holy fuck I can't hear
anything anymore it like cut off my
hearing Wow
this is crazy what is this for okay
alright okay I'm gonna do oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god that was
fucked up I don't understand it I
actually am in pain right now oh fuck oh
okay hopefully the next product won't
hurt me oh my god okay these I'm really
excited about I saw a picture this
online and I was like this isn't real
it's fucking real
it's other where for your feet it's like
look at their fucking granny panties for
your feet listen I know that sad that
I'm genuinely excited by this but you
know what else is sad all of this so
let's put these under on our feet okay
so here's my foot oh my god this looks
insane this is like I just walked home
from Coachella also I don't know what
Coachella is I'm just trying to sound
hip okay so let's put these on if these
don't fit if my feet are too fat for
this product I mean that's gonna end it
an even bigger eating disorder than I
already have okay here we go oh my god
look and clean underwear oh my god okay
ignore the toenails oh my god that's
insane God my feet are fucking gross let
me show you the back let me show you
that foot ass I am not flexible enough
for this oh can you see my ass do you
see it oh my god I love this I love how
like comfortable they are how soft they
are
like I don't know what the purpose is or
anybody would wear these I just like the
way to make me feel wow my foot in
underwear it looks like my mom's ass I
can't really explain what that means but
if you see my mom's ass you know oh wait
you could probably make them into hand
underwear too oh my god cute look it oh
my god look at the little ass oh my god
Abbi Brittany two asses oh my god I love
it
look at little pads like make your
little hand a spatter the last thing I
need is anything to make my ass fatter
Oh what else fun I love that okay
next product so this is very similar to
something else
I think I've used before except this
covers your whole head and I have no
idea what it's for
let's use it okay so I guess wait is
this for your eyes oh my god pink orange
er I mean I've always wanted to be the
red one by the way did you know the red
one is now a gay porn star and the Asian
one died I actually dug up her body and
found her hair I'm kidding oh that's
awful she's really dead go go Ranger
okay so I guess like this know what how
does it work or is this for the top of
your head uh oh
and he didn't even come with a picture
or anything how am I supposed to oh my
god
oh my god is it like that Oh oh wow oh
wait I like that Oh No oh my god even
have a gay bank robber okay everybody
put your paws up I'm robbing this place
and I'm taking all your money and buying
a bunch of copies of Joanne on iTunes
and I'll buy like one glory just because
I feel bad okay sorry I'm back I had to
take off my wig because um Brian just
got here in the middle of my video we
come say hi
hello it's very private gets rid of all
the pimples great okay so uh try these
so these make her eyelids stretch where
do we go under or over no no that would
make the bags under your eyes bigger oh
you know I'm sad yeah you gave them
three cups alone so you like put it like
ready okay I'm actually gonna hurt you
hey Shh
take it take the pear and then I get why
does that look normal
why do I look like a beast into
everything no see it oh listen Sean that
just looks normal to me hold on oh my
god - it wiII give me the net oh my god
you're fucking scary every night
witching yeah I ain't perfect again she
is judging oh my god that's the business
Instagram we think she's the shit oh my
god good job I oh my god wait grandpa no
I want to try to put this in his mouth
instead abuse never oh my god get it
first of all I did this over the weekend
and it had me done it let's put your
abuse oh my God look at her who even is
she literally who the fuck is she she's
hotter than I am
look at her bitch yes who does she look
like she looks like somebody is that
curiously dunce
so it's Brittany Murphy move frozen peas
okay wait now let's put your mouthpiece
in momineen come on Kirsten Kirsten
number two wait come on babe come on be
a good show dog do you like the dog from
my dog skip remember what happen to him
in the end
die you don't want that to happen do you
come on just bite down on it pretend
like it's all of my stuff that you chew
out he hates it but he loves his weed
wait me with my bangs and his lip hairs
this is exactly how it was with Caitlin
and Chris when Caitlin's like wait girl
put on your jab and let's take a family
photo yes Ben yeah the fucking queens
are here oh my god that's everything
that's everything oh my god oh my god
we're so fucking hot oh thank you no
that was great okay so I'm not even
going to use this next product I just
wanted to show it to you so you know
what not to get your children this is
makeup for little girls and they called
it piggy pain that's so fucked up like
mom coming with my first makeup kit of
course honey
here you go perfect piggy paint with
that supposed to mean oh you don't
understand what it is let me translate
for you
yeah that kid's gonna grow up to be
fucked up and put on clip-in bangs and
weird mouth pieces that kid is me
anyways don't get back to your kit look
at the fucking cover with the fucking
little pig wearing makeup that's too
real that's like what a little girls
like am I gonna be pretty like you and I
grow up and you're like yeah totally but
in reality you're like bitch you're
gonna be a pig wearing makeup and then
in the back it's a natural as blood I
mean that's kind of everything I love
that but either way this sucks
all those do not apply around the eye
area bitch it's makeup and what does she
really say is you do not ingest cuz
little gross we're gonna buy this are
gonna want to eat it alright let's move
on to our last product okay this one is
fucking horrifying it's literally just
the head of a woman
that'll be everything huh no this is I
did not open that up yet oh my god I was
not expecting that
oh my god oh my god ooh
Jabberwocky whoo uh this is literally a
face
yikes and I guess you put it on your
face and eyes zap away the wrinkles or
something oh my God look what
the inside be patient all of the things
take time uses three or four times a
week or even daily yeah you know just
add this to your daily routine get up
get some coffee walk the dog and your
scary
electrocution mask oh okay so let's open
this up oh my god this is insane you
it comes with lube and sorry if you're
buying this you don't need Lou there's
no way anybody's fuckin you in this oh
my god
look you wait how does it work oh
there's a fucking battery pack pulsation
control I don't like this okay so I
guess you just strap this on oh my god
oh I'm scared I don't like this what is
that it comes with a cord so I guess you
look it there and then you hook it to
this fucking thing all right let's put
the battery in okay so the battery is in
so I guess let's turn it on okay I'm
going up to number I'm just gonna go all
the way to ten I don't hear anything is
it supposed to be moving I'm touching it
but it doesn't feel like anything
alright let's just put it on oh my god
I'm scared oh wait you have to move it
up first for real first thing in the
morning you want me to put on a lubed
fucking Hannibal Lecter mask this is for
bitches you have nothing else to do all
day come on a videotape you think we
have VCRs I mean I guess any person that
is using this would look how scary she
looks look her trying to act like she
invented something that people want
she's like yeah I want this
electrocution face alright oh you up
girl no we don't want your fucking
torture device also I just figured out
who my daughter looks like
literally killing it okay let's lube up
this mask Hey gross okay it's all lubed
oh my god okay put it on
holy fuck oh my god I'm scared I'm
scared scared Oh feels so weird oh my
god I hate kiss okay all right here we
go I'm scared I'm scared okay okay turn
it on okay I'm pressing start oh my god
nothing is happening
I've turned it up all the way and
nothing is happening what kind of
fucking bullshit admit it literally
doesn't work are you telling me this big
scary ask weird mask that I bought on
eBay doesn't work that's crazy
no this is stupid if you're a girl
please don't ever wear this please just
be yourself
let's go speech money on these very very
scary products hopefully you enjoyed
that aggregate and give it a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and also a thumbs up
for my dog for being such a good dog and
not killing me in my sleep
as you guys I'm gonna go once again
please please please go check out my new
short film I'll put a link at the top
inscription I hope you like it I make
sure to subscribe my channel right down
below because I make good videos
absolutely alright I'll see you a little
creepy fucking max tomorrow bye do we
need some fucking model music and a
bottle walk I think we do
ah
