got indispensable when a really great it
was so far we talked about so much stuff
we talked about sex we talked about
getting dirty we talked about alcohol we
talked about like more than I expected
but also not surprised at all go check
it out sound quite accomplishing a bran
spike hey guys okay really quick before
we start the video once again my new
short film is up right now I will put a
link in the description below please
please please go check it out and show
it some love and give it a thumbs up and
I just really hope you guys love it I'm
so so proud of it and I really want to
make more of them so please go check it
out okay back to the video so I've seen
some youtubers doing videos where they
show like crazy things they bought
online also side note can I just say how
weird it is to like be on this couch
next to this deer and talking loud
because I usually want to mow this couch
on my cane what's up you guys and now
I'm like oh wow
like it just feels really weird I don't
know if I like it but just like my first
time with pussy and with dick I'll get
used to it okay so here is some weird
shit that I bought online and I'm
warning you some of it makes me no sense
like first let's start with this um this
is called instant gay accent so
supposedly if you spray this into your
mouth it'll make you sound like super
gay but I think what I need is like the
opposite of this like I don't even need
something that makes me sound less gay I
need something that makes me sound more
human sometimes when I'm talking I'm
like is not even a person or is that
just a clump with hair and then my mom
goes I don't know when I gave birth to
you I thought it was just a big tumor
but then you started screaming anyways
one thing I did get though that I'm so
excited about so if you were born like
after the year 2000 you definitely don't
know what these are
these are fucking hit clips oh my god I
wanted to play with these for Advil but
my family would never let me get
number one because like we were poor but
mainly because I was ashamed to admit
that I like flavoring these fears and
like top music a lot of those kids were
if he said hey what kind of music do you
like
I go umm anything but country which
actually means pretty fucking fair bitch
seriously that's what that means if
anybody ever says that that's what that
means anyway so what this is is a little
boom box called Omega clothes oh oh
there we go a little boombox oh my god
it's so cute and then it comes with
these little tiny I don't even know what
these would be called it's like this
little tiny CD on a chain you see that
oh my God look how cute it is it's a
little Britney Spears CD okay so then
you take that little CD and then you put
it in the little kick clips boom box and
it plays like ten seconds of the song I
literally forgot I was making a video I
was making my own music video bitch oh I
love it so much all the cool kids in
school have these and they walk around
and they be like what hey cliff do you
have oh I just had this one Britney
Spears one it's my favorite oh yeah one
that's cute let me see what I have
Wow I have every Britney Spears song
ever made and I'll have Aaron Carter
bitch what I'm sorry hold on skin
interrupted I did not know I had an
Aaron Carter hit quit bitch oh my god
we're putting this in now
next I'm kidding I love Aaron Carter I'm
only saying that because I'm afraid he's
gonna kill me
by the way Aaron Carter if you're
watching this which you're not please
come on in podcast I have so many
questions for you and they're all about
you fucking Hilary Duff so call me so
once again a lot of these things don't
really make sense
I don't know once again I don't know but
what I do know I always wanted to play
with moon shoes so I bought them but I
have not used them yet so today is the
fucking day bitch so basically if you
don't know what these are these are one
like the Grammys I think and you put
them on your shoes and when you walk
there's like little trampolines inside
and it's a Carol the fucking new bitch
and then your family sees you wearing
them and they're like I wish you really
were on the moon so far away but they're
just toys all right let's put on ok so
I'm outside and I'm so confused what is
this why aren't there walls
I haven't been outside for a while ok so
let's put on our moon shoes oh no do you
want to try on the moon shoes you know
come on I know it dad's outside it's so
confusing I know all the fresh air is
making him sick okay so let's strap our
foot in here oh my god this is such
about any of em oh my god it's already
jumpy I'm excited Wow and look how much
it shakes the leg fat that's nice okay
so that foot is strapped in okay kinda
strapping this one let's just ignore how
insane my feet look they look like an
actual serial killer you've been running
around a forest murdering people okay
they're both strapped in oh my god I'm
nervous oh my god okay okay okay here we
go wait can I even stand up soon are
gonna terrified at this okay man's first
steps on the moon oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god okay well they're not
ass oh my god a poly you're gonna show
these uh feet that are just sinking into
the ground that's not supposed to happen
see you're supposed to be bouncing not
sinking here I come moon here I come
thirty only two more years oh my god Oh
my god uno wanna play come on no let's
go play in the yard come on oh yeah oh
my god oh my god that was real fever
that was actual fear okay we're gonna
take these off my official review is um
daddy too big when the hater surrounds
you and you need to stop them just like
house wall hanging out outside just the
loudest guru ever hey guys welcome to my
summer tour I'm going to show you my
beautiful patio over here we have the
area and then over here by my garden uh
I'm actually sad we're chasing his tail
by his tail fuck off
okay so this is another thing that I
always wanted to play with but I wasn't
allowed to this is Polly Pocket so
easily Polly Pocket is like this little
world inside of this little toy and you
open it up and it's like a little girl
and she's like with our little friend
and then you would just like bring that
bitch on the ground and kill her now I
know why I wasn't allowed to play with
this it's not because my parents thought
I'd be gay is because they thought I'd
grow up to be a serial killer and now
I'm old I'm kidding I'm just a bisexual
who thinks about killing people what
what okay
let's open it up oh my God look look at
you could see like just that no
seriously what the fuck is that is that
hurt huh Pauly was a girl oh my god all
your friend your whole squad they're all
fucking drunk that one's dead that one's
like where am I damn y'all party hard up
in the pocket so oh wait look that's
like their little courtyard that's where
they all hang out wait let's put her
here oh my god bitch partied so hard she
broke her back what about this girl oh
my god they all can't stand up straight
oh I love this party all they want to do
is sleep
o me but then we also have her mansion
oh my god let's open this shit up oh my
god fuck oh my god why is this bitch's
life better than mine she has three
stories hold on it also comes with like
a bag of furniture and like
made perfect oh my god this looks like
an actual disaster oh my god I really
want to set this on fire Oh tell me not
to I want to do it so bad
okay well let's make it pretty first and
then we'll light it on fire
what is that oh my god is that a little
piano that's so cute put that here oh my
God look at the little picnic table oh
let's put that here and then what is
that oh that's like a little table a
little bike oh my god this is so cute
yeah no we're setting this on fire by
Poli oh this feels good oh this is for
all the house parties I wasn't invited
to oh my God look at Paulie she's trying
to hide under her stairs guess what
bitch you're already trapped if the
flame doesn't get you the smoke will oh
god it looks so good fucking burn bitch
burn oh she needs more fire oh yeah this
house party is lit I'll go home oh my
god that looks so real God that looks
like a real house on fire oh it's
getting bigger let's throw some more
lighter fluid on there yeah Oh fucking
burn bitches burn so the smoke is
literally black and I feel like this is
dangerous so I'm gonna put the tap
when the party's too late I'll go home
okay so I also got these toys then just
realized all I buy this toy that is so
creepy
anyways here's my Furby I never had a
Furby my friends have Kirby's I borrowed
their birdies I killed their fur bees
because I do not trust Kirby's I know
these are from the government I know
they're reporting everything we're
saying and I know they're following evil
look at her look at her pretending she's
asleep I see those eyes bitch I see
those eyes are open and then on the back
it says I can communicate with other
furbies and teach them songs no bitch
you're communicating with the fucking
government and the Illuminati also says
love me and I love you back that's a lie
Furby you're a robot you're incapable of
love on we're capable of is ruining our
lives but he's so cute
open this up okay here he is oh my god
that's a demon that's horrified also why
is he wearing a graduation hat okay how
does he talk hi Herbie hello Herbie
hello it's not working Furby hi he's
playing dumb now cuz he heard us talking
about the Illuminati and the government
he's icon will show on them okay this is
Hannah Montana perfume that's really
scary that about this the fun of me like
online
yeah like what should I get and then I
stumble across that Hannah Montana
perfume and I'm like Add to Cart like
that scary like if the government is
watching your Google search they should
have shown up at my door that night ah
that's beautiful I was trying to hate
but that's a beautiful like we
remembered with icarly bottle look like
and with the queen of the deep a bottle
of my bitch Hannah is raising the game I
mean she always was though although the
thing is not well sweet niblets is a
problem also sweet niblets another name
for pussy so Disney stop creeping this
is very yellow
maybe it's like Hannah's PE I bet her
dad bottled it that visual Hannah get on
over here's got a bottle your pain damn
why do we always do that oh it's to ward
off all the critters dad I know you're
selling my P on eBay - creepy old guy no
I'm not saving it for myself
oh sweet niblets what is happening I
don't know let's pray
it literally just smells like poison
like it smelling like hairspray but this
does not have a smell it's not like what
I would expect Hannah to smell like
which is like money and tears and like a
little bit of cheese hot dog isn't that
what they all be our wait the little
creepy kid is like one hot dog and then
the guy who's like thirty five but he
pretends like he's 18 and he's like oh
boy
do you guys know what I'm talking about
whatever it should smell like food that
way all the kids who buy it would drink
it thinking it was edible and then they
die population control next item this is
called the beer belly and I guess you
can put it on your stomach fill it with
beer and drink out of it listen the last
thing I need in my life is something to
make my belly bigger like the fact that
Ivan crushed my ribs with the amount I
suck in is crazy okay so it comes with
this I guess you like wait what
fuck hold on okay so I guess you just
put it like this oh yeah like that pull
- but underneath my clothes okay done
did you really think I was going to take
my shirt off in front of you guys you're
lucky I didn't cuz you know what they
don't sell online blindness which is
what you're gonna want after you see
this oh okay so it is underneath here so
I guess you just fill up this couch and
then shove this straw inside of it I'm
gonna go fill this up okay I just filled
it up and here it is oh yeah that looks
very real and what the fuck is that
supposed to be so here's a straw I guess
you could just like tuck this under take
a look real secretive are you good yeah
it's working oh my god I love my new
body oh I love my new like if as a
mother this is great and listen to the
sexy sound it makes when you jump that's
the same sound my body makes after like
Yogurtland shade you want any more
yogurt hmm let me check now good I love
this it's cool to the touch it feels
kind of like a big old titty I kinda
look like Santa
I love this do we need some fucking
model music and a bottle walk I think we
do oh I love my new life as a model and
then if you ever wonder what it was like
to give birth and then you keep a little
bit ha ha ba baby hope you find all cuz
it's ain't it as you guys hopefully
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you did and if you want more videos
of me well burning stuff also subscribe
to my channel right down below because I
make new videos every single day and
please please please go check out my new
short film I'm really proud of it I love
it so much I hope you guys love it and
I'll put the link right there at the top
inscription as you guys I will see you
little beer bellies tomorrow bye
also like if you're gonna get a rest in
peace grandma tattoo don't get it on
your lower back be respectful
keep your grandma away from your Dookie
hole
