hey what's up you guys okay really quick
before this video starts I just want to
remind you once again that my new short
film is up right now it's based on a
chapter from my book it gets worse and I
love it so much please please please go
show it some love and support it out put
the link right at the top of the
description below so please go check it
out and enjoy the rest of this video
hello guys yes it is that time again
where we're gonna get our lives hacked
now I have done so many life hack videos
and the fact that I'm still alive is
crazy the things I've blown up oh gosh
oh the things I've eaten the things I
put on my face okay yeah but today tops
it all because we're gonna be vacuuming
my hair I don't know like what's too far
you I mean like you know when you have a
friend who you joke with and then you go
back and forth with them and you're like
no you're a fat bitch no you're an ugly
whore and then you cross that line and
you say something like no your lower
back tattoo is stretched out because
you've gotten fatter and then it's like
too far also like if you're gonna get a
rest in peace' grandma tattoo don't get
it on your lower back be respectful
keep your grandma away from your Dookie
hole
all right so we're just gonna do this
so supposedly there's a life hack where
you don't have to wash your hair anymore
you just vacuumed it now I guess that
works for like getting out chunks of
dandruff which is great cuz I've been
looking for some fake snow for my
nativity set but like this doesn't help
with the grease look at my hair
I had someone come over to my house and
look at me and say isn't it a little too
cold to be swimming they thought I had
taken a dip
that's how greasy my head is but either
way let's see if this thing really works
oh my god fucking me when I'm buddy oh
wait sippy sippy ahh
not as cute when I do it alright here we
go
I had to buy this from Target cuz I do
not own a Viking spoiler alert I don't
clean and I also don't know how to use
it I guess I just that sound good I feel
powerful
oh my god me when I'm sucking way to
hate her okay so I guess we just put it
on my head Oh God it's a stupid didn't
have a role to this in a youtube video
in it like ripped her scalp off I might
have dreamt that okay here we go
oh I'm sorry okay
this is all I got like I want people who
needs hair you know to mean like when
people like shave their head and you're
like oh my god oh like that's me okay
here we go
okay I'm gonna turn on the back of my
head because I get my stuff that off
nobody's gonna see it anyway all right
here we go that feels kind of good
oh this is dangerous okay let's do the
front now
yeah oh my god bitch fucking smooth de
quoi we do my eyebrows oh my god oh my
god this is what dogs must feel like
when they get grew
this is everything I'm doing my body I'm
doing my body I'm sorry close your eyes
hello I should zoom in for this oh my
god gasps get all that cheeto dust get
all of that pop-tart dust and falls on
my chest when I'm watching little people
big world bit oh my god this is great
life hacked okay so this next one
involves fire which you know is my
favorite but this one actually
supposedly is going to work and it's
really really random but the videos
online of it are crazy so you take a tea
bag and then you spill you know what
phrase is dead what my mom starts to say
I was talking to my mom and she was
literally like oh my god honey Andy
Cohen spilled some tea last night and I
was like yep it's dead okay so you open
it up like that
and then you pour out all the tea on the
inside and now you just have this like
empty tea bag now supposedly what you do
is you roll it up like this and then you
stand it up like fuck oh and then you
like the top and then the whole thing
burns and then the flame at the bottom
like flies away possibly it looks really
cool
see if I didn't fuck it up okay here we
go
whoa oh that's so pretty
okay supposed to fly away Oh oh my god
that was fucking magic I'm a wizard
Harry oh my god
that was incredible okay okay I'm
grabbing more teabags we're doing that
again I'm gonna lay like fucking five
tea bag bitch
this is everything okay here we go for
tea bags oh my god I'm so excited oh my
god
oh my god it's so beautiful oh look at
they tried to hug oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god wait they're
like oh my god what oh my god two
mentors you are a wizard Harry they're
coming for you oh my god that was
amazing we have figured out a use for
this fucking away those Dementors
oh my god that was incredible I feel
like I can literally end the video now
like that was enough but no no there's
more okay this next one I just saw a
picture of this I didn't see it like
actually happening but I'm just
imagining it's not gonna fucking work so
this is cooling down your soup in your
spoon by using a handheld fan so
basically what you do is you take a
handheld fan which is my new favorite
thing this is even better than throwing
shade with sunglasses I think she got
that tattoo for dead grandma bugger ass
because that's where all the dicks get
buried yep the lava haters away okay so
you take the fan and you take a spoon
and then you tape it like that
alright so let's try this out so I'm
just like taping it to the spoon oh this
is actually working me when it's not
working and I lied to myself me in every
relationship I've had
oh my god that's everything I love this
I can't eat it tilt it down a little bit
more so it's aiming at the spoon okay so
let's take a bite with our super
convenient spoon fan alright so you get
the soup woo okay we have a problem the
fan is not strong enough to reach the
spoon which is literally four inches
away which means if you're using this on
yourself you literally have to be like
out and if you're dumb like me well you
get use this guy okay face huh alright
so let's take the spoon closer okay so I
taped it I think it closer let's see if
it works okay
ha soup
ah I think it works I'm not gonna lie I
was expecting this to be more powerful I
thought it was like blow soup everywhere
and I'd be like my eyes but nothing is
happening this fan
sauce like my fans are the best like
this fan fuck this man
trash okay so this next light pack comes
from Kourtney Kardashian now I want life
advice I'm definitely gonna get it from
coke whore what's her name which one is
she literally what does she do
Kylie has lipstick Kendall's a model Kim
stops doing real well and call me wears
a lot of pant suits but like what does
Kourtney do Oh raises healthy children
and stays away from the drama bitch you
are not even a part of the Kardashian
family so Kourtney decided to make a
life hack about how to eat a Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup you think I'm a
fucking lying bitch I'm not I'm going to
show you how to eat a Reese's that's a
video on her app that costs money you
have to pay to watch that bitch either
racist I didn't even have to pay to
watch our sister can't eat a dick but
that's just where we live in Trump's
America okay so we're going to try it
the way the Kourtney said to try it we
have our reasons peanut butter come here
and we are going to do like she does I'm
gonna start her in the edge oh yeah this
is so much better
there's so much to do here it almost
makes me forget that my mom is hiding
her horns with her hair and then you
need to chocolate up top and then
chocolate at the bottom and then you're
left with this fucking clump of duty'
bubble that looks like I just took it
out of one of my babies asses YUM here
Kourtney let me show you how to actually
eat a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup so first
you take it out of the package and then
you don't even unwrap it goes
technically papers edible ah and now I'm
a Kardashian buzzing super honest I'm a
Caitlyn alright next we are going to use
our underwear as a phone stand for
watching videos now I have actually done
this one before which is how I got the
idea so basically when you're taking
on the toilet and you put down their
underwear and you look down your
underwear look like that right except
probably less shit sticks and well you
probably wash yours once in a while
anyways when they look like that you
just put your phone right there and you
can look down and fucking watch Wendy
Williams and you're imagining her in
your head saying how you pull it oh it's
magical all right so let's do it
okay so there's my underwear come on
guys join the party okay so you got your
number there so let's find a video what
do I want to watch while I'm taking a
big old dump blog miss never mind I
changed my mind I want you Ricky Dillon
music video because sometimes my bowel
movements are problematic oh yeah I feel
my shit coming out already and I'm empty
alright so next we're going to be
putting a burger in a waffle iron
because why the fuck not but before I do
that you know I got a test out if this
thing really charges why am i bunny all
the time now sippy sippy yeah I'm a
little out of you buddy okay so let's
take our Big Mac oh my god go ahead and
we'll go Big Mac so much and then we
were just once you plug in our phone and
log into the Mac oh my god Mac thing
we're meant to be here we go what a
surprise it doesn't work but you know it
does work my mouth my wrong
I know y'all wonder what that mouth do
this alright so now we're going to put
this already chewed burger in a waffle
iron
alright here we go we got the Big Mac we
got the waffle iron oh I feel like we
should take off the top bun running her
no should we started the bottom oh
that's it that's the fucking
um right there or you know what this
bond is juicier let's do that oh my god
oh the smell here we go
Oh bitch fuck me up Oh reminds me of
when I used to straight my greasy hair I
would do my hair and be like wow it's so
straight today my mom would be like its
birth I related to the straw man a lot
oh my god yes press it down
Oh fizzling Paul McDonald wishes they
thought of this they also wish this was
real meat but that's too expensive right
let's get a little sneak peek oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god hold on
hold on
you need a closi oh fuck I'm drooling oh
my god I'm drooling fuck okay okay okay
okay okay okay it's gonna be fine Shane
Shane it's gonna be fine okay okay oh my
god aah oh my god this smell oh my god
this special sauce the cheese to all be
peasants doesn't she's because I don't
see but that's the song I got into
chorus class with it's also the song my
mom made me get on a diet after I say
although one time in a wait watch your
meaning I started singing it and all the
fatties joined along and that's
community okay here we go oh my God look
at the bottom oh my god started from the
bottom then it's cheese oh my god fuck
okay here we go oh my god oh my god oh
my god fuck I'm not even like hyping
this up like to get used not that why
would this give you do you guys see that
video that's sad that guy make a Big Mac
in a waffle iron do you ask it like no
obviously this is not reviews this is
everything do this fucking do this
it doesn't have to be a Big Mac probably
it'd just be a normal burger but oh my
god the fucking cheese the fucking Chris
penis of it all oh my god this sauce in
the middle losing out this is that this
is this is a big statement and I'm gonna
make it this is the best thing we have
ever cooked in a waffle iron there I
said it better than the birthday cake
better than the fucking said mineral
better than anything other than the
cookies
Dennett all bitch big knack will forever
only be served after a nice waffling
McDonald's call bitch oh alright so this
last tag is very fucking stupid and once
again it involves duct tape let's do it
okay
so this basically is to help you with
your makeup which like bitch need help
but basically if you want like a cleaner
line and your eye means you can just put
duct tape over your face this is not
gonna add well and then if you paint
like you know I mean like you know when
you're painting a wall I don't if you
know when you hire somebody to paint
your wall and you watch them like tape
up the sides and they paint around and
then when they take the tape off it's
like a straight line neither go I
because I hire people who don't know
what they're doing but they're only
twenty dollars so come on in so let's
try this I mean the woman on the picture
just had it taped to her face so I guess
that's safe when you trust everything on
Instagram okay here we go
so I'm taping it to my face oh yeah
that's gonna rip off all my hair and
once again nobody wants that
I have let's zoom in so now I ran out of
like liquid eyeliner which is scary that
I used it enough to run out okay so I
have this like shimmery ship I don't
know but it's kind of the same thing so
let's just take this and paint yes bitch
give me that fucking cat eye once again
cat's eyes I don't trust them who
wouldn't when they purr if you know like
that means they like you know bitch that
means they're getting ready to attack
like when you hear a tornado coming and
you hear that rumbling you're not like
oh my god that tornado is coming over to
lay on my lap you're like oh my god
fucking get in the basement bitch that's
how I feel when a campers
okay so let's see how this looks
oh fuck um well looks like I got beat up
but if you just add the tape here this
is like home invasion look this is like
kids whatever you want realness oh my
god fucking Kourtney Kardashian has her
is how I got my kid hack alright I'm
done
Tiffany hacks my third book guys go
hopefully you enjoyed all those hacks I
can't believe I'm still alive
make sure view this video a thumbs up if
you want me to do more live cat videos
and also subscribe my channel right
below because I make new videos every
fucking day I please please please once
again go check out my short film I will
put a link right the top description
below I'm so proud of it I hope you love
it and I'm gonna leave a comment saying
I can't believe shades alive alright you
guys I'll see you little live hackers
tomorrow bye whatever holiday you
celebrate it's just another day where
you have to get with your family and
pretend to care about your aunt's corn
surgeries story or if you're like me you
just say fuck it and go to Mexico
