guys really quick before this video
starts I just want to tell you that my
new short film is up right now it's
based off one of the chapters from my
book it gets worse and it's a story for
my childhood and it is kind of like a
Christmas type of short film so I'm
really excited I know you guys are gonna
fucking love it so please please please
go over it show it some love check it
out I'll put a link at the top
description right below and here is just
a little clip my family was pretty broke
so cable was something I only fantasized
about sometimes I'd also fantasize about
having enough money to get a haircut not
given to me by my unqualified mom I feel
really bad so that's just a little part
of it I'm really excited and I'm so
proud of it please please please please
please go check it out okay start the
video Hey look if you guys holy fucking
shit it's almost Christmas bar Kwanzaa
or Chanukah Arizona already over I don't
know whatever holiday you celebrate it's
just another day where you have to get
with your family and pretend to care
about your aunt's corn surgeries story
or if you're like me you just say fuck
it and go to Mexico
yeah my family's pissed anyways today
we're gonna be trying some famous
holiday foods that have been in movies
and TV shows and it is going to get
gross because the first thing we were
going to eat is going to be that nasty
ass diabetes spaghetti from ELF you like
sugar huh yes yes we are going to be
trying that I literally spent like three
hours making this shit okay so here it
is I made this myself and it is heavy
oh man she is so we have spaghetti
chocolate syrup maple syrup mini
marshmallows M&Ms rainbow sprinkles and
then some chocolate pop-tarts around the
edge for dipping
now first of all I just want to say
y'all need to be impressed that I made
this literally today for like hours I
was cooking all these meals okay so
let's take a bite this is so fucking
heavy I literally left it the pea
because I was afraid to break a plate oh
my god if I was a superhero that's my
fucking catchphrase Shane Dawson not
afraid to break a plate okay how do I do
this
actually you know what we should also
add some extra chocolate syrup just like
add to the grossest oh okay
here we go Merry Christmas oh my god I'm
not gonna lie this is looking wrong all
right here we go
Jadeja fork or should i use a pop-tart
yeah okay let's get in front the middle
oh my god
oh I let's get some sprinkles on it oh
my god
let's get a marshmallow don't forget
that if you don't have the marshmallow
the whole thing doesn't make sense okay
a couple more M&Ms all right here we go
boom one two three go good oh my god
no no good I feel like this is something
a Chinese restaurant would make on like
Gay Pride Day maybe like this is what
the gays like right oh my god okay we
got to go in for a second fight we need
to use a pop-tart bitch
oh that's just Dibby Dibby Oh No we'll
make a sandwich oh fuck little pop-tart
spaghetti sandwich you know Oprah has
her favorite things where she's like and
here's a $5,000 purse if I had a talk
show
it'll be like and here's a spaghetti pot
or M&Ms pickle sandwich and the audience
would be like you could keep it we're
gonna go over to Ellen okay so the next
food is from a movie that I relate to a
fucking lot it's starring up beasts
whose body is covered in hair they
literally hate everything they have a
potbelly and they love their dog and
that movie is Shane's life it's also the
bridge and we're gonna be eating some
whoo hash then when people cook the lost
and the poo okay so who hash is
technically corned beef hash which is oh
my god I I don't ha by the way the term
who has sounds like ground-up hooves
which I fuck with fuck those toes
I fucking hate those who's have I have
this rant before because I feel like I
have I am so anti food like if I was
ready for president I'd be like we're
building a wall against the who's we're
trying to keep the who's out of our
butts
you know when now I think they're
fucking little faces I hang out there
like happy halogens I leave the fucking
stupid haircuts like they're all fucking
pop stars we're trying to reinvent
themselves Cindy Lou he'll nobody bitch
relaxing you why are you here bitch
sorry I'm gonna try to stop my rant I'm
not done I just don't get why the hooves
killer the Grinch live like yesyes
it yes he's angry yes he hates
everything maybe that's just his
prerogative I gotta try to make him the
fucking mayor of who-ville why are you
making debugging happiest guy in the
world his heart does not need to grow
his heart is just fine maybe he had
problems in his past maybe hit that
childhood maybe somebody called him
faculty as a kid and is stuck with him
forever and now he mentions it all the
time if you were likely getting Shane
you used to be fat and we're over it
also did you know the Taylor Momsen
played her crazy okay so we're gonna get
the flash uh here's what it looks like
look I actually have no idea what's in
it it was a lot prettier when the Grinch
ate it
okay so let's give it a little smell oh
my god I just figured out who this is
meant for dogs this is dog food did I
get dog food okay no will be joining me
for this case okay oh no oh oh my god
you're getting so big okay oh no are you
ready for some whoo hash spell it he
doesn't even want it a fucking dog
doesn't even want this he's literally
trying to run away he's gone
all right well fine let's just give it a
try ourselves then oh my god oh do you
see that there's a hair dangling from my
whoo hash oh my god there's hairs all
over it
what is in this uh is this a brand of
cat oh my god okay all right all right
fuck it
okay we're doing it we're doing it we're
doing it we're doing it we're fucking
doing it oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god ha ha ha hair slogan
there's a hair floating oh my god oh I
would not even feed this to my dog this
is the grossest fucking thing I've ever
had that's another reason why I hate the
hoos cuz they think they're so fancy
like oh shit try our mad try our Opie's
you better try our figgy pudding bitch
fuck you whose and you know what city
why don't you stop singing where are you
this mug and start singing where are my
parents
can they just let you fuck it run away
from home go up a scary-ass Hill and
hang out that big old hairy beast all
day you got some parental issues bitch
Oh screaming yelling fighting crying
eating I love holidays
speaking of dysfunctional families this
next food is from the show and a Montana
and it's called loco Jaco this may be
more than my local hot cocoa can cure
you still make crazy loco hot cocoa okay
so I know a lot of you guys are like
Shane this is not holiday themed
although I think they drank it in a
holiday episode okay so I looked up the
recipe for this hot chocolate and it is
milk chocolate syrup instant coffee and
then you put some whipped cream on top
and some cinnamon also I decided to put
it in a pimple popping mug because
honestly a huge pimple is the perfect
Christmas gift for me like what do you
get a guy who has everything a blister
assist something's so big growing on
your back that you need a scalpel on the
first day of Christmas my Truelove said
to me
Shana I had a huge cyst and then I said
bitch oh my god fuck me up I'm gonna
fucking pop it one time and it was
around holidays so this is technically a
holiday story my mom had a spider bite
that turned into a cyst that turned into
like cancer but not really so they cut
that shit out and she was left with a
huge gaping hole in her arm and every
night she had to pack it up with gas and
then every morning she had to rip out
the gauze and you know she let me do all
Christmas stick my dick in okay she left
me on half her wound oh it was
satisfying like fuck all those videos of
people cutting up in stress toys try it
fingering your mom's wound anyways hot
cocoa okay here we go we're gonna add to
what cream Oh bitch
my whip cream we're going to add some
cinnamon just a little dust okay and
here we go Oh Billy was trying to kill
Miley this is so fucking intense that
isn't coffee it's making my heart hurt
are you allowed to give out to children
why would you want to give your kids
something to wake them up if I had kids
which I don't I'd be like here's a
sleepy shake it's chocolate with cream
five sleeping pills it's the cinnamon
let me give you the big bonus draw
that'll be good just suck up all the
horse tranquilizers like why do you want
to wake those motherfuckers up I mean
it's good though
I am so one of those people who
complains about everything at
restaurants and I'm like this is gross
I hate this burger it's dry where's the
waitress call her over here I'm gonna
send it back and by the time she comes
back it's gone I've licked the plate and
then she goes is everything okay here
ma'am first I'm a sir fuck you for that
also I did not like that burger the one
you ate mm-hmm it was gross that you ate
all of it I watched every single episode
of fuller house doesn't mean I liked it
I just wanted to get my Gibbler on so
what do you want me to do
take it back your hands empty man fuck
you I know you're a who in the sky
that's right guys better watch out
better not sleep and I'll tell you why
cuz all these motherfucking who's
running around the world in people suits
and then they try to fuck with you but
if you guys would have just elected me
as president I'm gonna build the cool
wall and we would all be fine haha next
food all right so this next food is from
the movie home alone which is also my
life is the big-ass
ice cream sundae two scoops er to make
it three I'm not driving alright so here
she is oh my god I got a scoop of
literally every flavor
Ralph's had but I haven't left the final
ingredient till right now because
want to be fresh just low drizzle
drizzle Oh God oh my god who needs loved
ones when you can just be home alone and
this holy fuck oh my god okay so let's
get the perfect scoop I want to get a
little bit of chocolate oh my god
gotta get a cherry in there get a little
bit of peanut butter cop avoid the
strawberry she could play over there on
the other side of the wall with the hoos
and you know what a little mint chip cuz
like I don't love mint chip the holidays
are all about love and equality and like
getting together even though you're
fucking annoyed by the people except for
the hoos so I hope separate drop okay
here we go
I need a bigger bite Oh Oh Merry
Christmas
oh very cold hold on okay let me try
that again
okay no hold all right I got this I got
this
oh oh oh oh my god this is fucking
amazing but it's also the coldest thing
I've ever eaten oh I wasn't already
brain-dead I never brain freeze oh my
god the chocolate syrup though mixed
with this ice cream I mean yes it's a
simple sundae like we've all had this
before but I've never had a sundae where
you've literally scooped around and
you've gotten every single flavor except
for strawberry fuck strawberry but like
oh my god don't you just want to fucking
get in that don't you just want to like
dig yourself a hole and die in it don't
you just want to like get naked or do
some body art don't you want to spend
Christmas popping pimples fingering your
mom's open wound and eating alone just
me okay all right next week all right so
this next food is probably the most
famous holiday food from any movie or TV
show ever and I'm not even going to
explain what's in it I'm gonna let the
bitch do it herself
first there's a layer of ladyfingers
then a layer of jam then custard which I
made from scratch then raspberries more
ladyfingers then beef sauteed with peas
and onions
and then bananas and then I just put
some whipped cream on top
that fry bitch we are eating oh my god
it's so heavy we are eating the friends
trifle hahaha
I made this myself you're welcome invite
me to all your pad left and I did it
just like she did ladyfingers jam
custard beef sauteed with peas and
onions more custard bananas whipped
cream all packed into this fucking bowl
okay so let's just get a huge chunk and
put it on a plate okay here's the plate
here's the spoon oh my god oh my god
reality is setting in and eat this oh
god oh oh oh my god look at the layers
Oh Bob oh my god you see that oh oh yeah
I forgot those raspberries too
okay I have always wanted to try this
since I was a little kid friends is my
favorite TV show of all time
and when I heard the recipe I was like
yeah mama write that down like I didn't
know the joke was that it was gross cuz
I was like um that all sounds good you
got your dessert and your meal in one
thing see the point okay once again here
is a good close-up of her and all of her
glory oh my god Oh woo got a chunk of
peas be some Jam some lady fingers which
I already have 10 F and some whipped
cream and a banana oh my god oh it
smells good it smells like McDonald's
mama and I know that smell well alright
here we go
oh I love all your baby
oh thank god oh very good one man oh
that's better
sidenote there's not a jiff but me
gargling chocolate syrup with the
subtitle me underneath I don't know what
you guys are doing because that's ugly
relatable um this is probably the
grossest thing I've ever had for a lot
of reasons like the sweet stuff isn't
that bad but then when you get a crunch
of a pea and then like a texture of a
meat all while rushing into a banana
it's what I expect like biting into a
baby stomach that just ate breakfast why
do I always compare things to babies let
me change it it's like biting you to
Cindy Lou Who after her Whoville fees
except I would want to swallow it and
make her watch I want to be eating her
alive like I want her to be like laying
there with your little hoo eyes open and
I'll be like ooh bitch up stomach tastes
so good
we're gonna get some of those guts oh
you know what let me poke it that hard
and then I go then my bids keep you
girls I think I'm gonna let's be trying
famous holiday foods hopefully you
enjoyed that I didn't get this video
thumbs up as my Christmas present and
also be sure to subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos of me try and crazy
foods I tried like think this Instagram
foods
I tried celebrities favorite foods done
a lot of them I'll put a link to a
playlist right at the top of description
below and once again please go check out
my new short film it is on my main
channel shanedawsontv I'll put a link
right there I worked so hard on it and
I'm really really proud of it I know you
guys are gonna love it so please go
check it out and I would love to make
more of them or even turn it into like a
Netflix show or something that would be
a dream so please go check it out and
support it mean the world to me okay
making videos is how I deal with stuff
and you guys are always there
me and you always listen to what I say
make me feel better and so here we go
I really really fucked
