actual Christmas I don't really care
about I don't really celebrate it but
now that I have a child and I hired
we're gonna take you to the mall
we're gonna meet Santa what else did you
want to ask him for a camera wait you
and the kid got us stuff you didn't get
any we don't know what he wants while
we're eating food somebody's gonna go
sneak into Best Buy get him
and it's night work on wrapping presents
crying okay so we just got to the
restaurant where we're gonna eat it but
I need you guys to go find a camera for
my son yeah and then later tonight we're
in surprise this is a big deal your
first camera should we talk about yeah
okay what are we talking like a good
camera he's a child he doesn't know how
did we were so cheap now I feel like
you'd get a good run for like 20 bucks
should we like assess his potential
though you know what for my son oh I'm
gonna give him the best camera ever
under $400 honestly budget is not an
issue I'll give you my credit card but
you have to hide it you can trust us we
got this great team that guy just solve
an actual gas thing in his entire life
do you know where Best Buy is go do
I love my family that never
I dare you to run across this like a
bird do you New York sing I'm walking
here so they say in New York City guys
oh the spice shop what are you thinking
spy on some idiot okay so just these
things so you love this camera huh
that's a good sort of cute right yeah
that's what I was that's really good
thank you
mission accomplished do not stay like
this accomplished Reagan mission
accomplished
mission accomplished I'm mission you're
accomplished mission accomplished yeah
so this is phase two in the Santa
picture you were terrified and not
smiling
so I have to meet you smile
we're teaching him how to fix himself I
love my new son okay so we're gonna head
to my mom's house drew this is where I
need your help you want me to shave I
was thinking we should surprise my mom
like Christmas Carol like we can stand
on the door knock and then all be
singing which he opens it but I don't
know what to sing and I also don't think
any of us good thing except for you perv
it okay wait you want me to do a solo in
front of your mom well we could
harmonize like you what song drew what
do you think would be fitted yet what's
Christmassy I mean I love little drummer
boy but nobody knows that what about the
one about Jesus or the the nails in his
hands no the thorns on it yes the pain
down his forehead ghost coming out the
cave in then right that really happen
okay you know what in the car you figure
it out I'm gonna get to my mom good idea
what's a night
Uber's way to get don't want my star
rating down
see you at mom okay so we're in my mom's
house we still have not figured out what
song we're gonna sing that was on you
buddy what you got Mariah Carey's all I
want for Christmas is y'all the two gays
just like okay that's a big song I don't
know the words no one I don't know let's
do this okay I think I've ever caroled
before this is a day of firsts ready
yeah Christmas
never like this that's actually for
Chris what Christmas really is I love
your name and I know it I've just grown
a little attached so grandma's always
give their grandchildren certain things
so first you get a Christmas bear and
feel it okay and holiday pop do you know
what's in here there's like different
kind of popcorns what's not why is he
getting so many things
I'm sort of keeping the tradition of my
mother with my children oh my god are
you giving him her ashes
cuz that's everything got hollow
ourselves is it hollow or filled let's
feel it oh my god it's probably filled
with peanut butter dad should inspect
the candy can dad okay but that's fine
I'll fill it with my own peanut butter
wait you know what it's time for
wait oh grandma her presence Oh
he knows you like jeez Oh oh my gosh I'm
freaking out because it's large-print
the one I have open a page what is it
that makes you know through the hole
well I think we should make some ginger
yeah do you need some hot chocolate
okay it's melted ice cream
no it's magic come on you have to you
really don't to try it thought that why
what do you have against eggnog because
I might get out of this house Logan Paul
and Jake and taxied they're down the
street you're gonna go over to em sure
whatever eggnog
you really don't wanna try
I don't have my and vinegar or lemon
juices to my tolls I'm gonna use my car
that's me when I had constipation when I
was a kid
that's me after my grandma helped me get
that the coffee's finally I don't think
it's fun if you look if we just mix the
eggnog with it because you're mixing
eggs right I'm a scientist we're welcome
to good mythical morning why did you
turn it to Madea I'm trying to make
frosting I'm doing my best okay yeah
like three pounds of powdered sugar I
don't
what have we used pinky that could be it
well you're using too much you being a
brat I promise I'll clean up my mess
wait you didn't shame
Christmas well how am I gonna vote
because I hate Christmas so much you
don't hate Christmas where this come
from I mean the thickening agent here we
go this is that's so gross that is just
having a lot of flashbacks of bad
Christmases but we're changing that
today yes we are with this let's make a
house do you guys need a tray we have
everything we need
thank you Jason you ate our house no
actually technically that was me it's
the team ten house if they wouldn't have
got evicted
oh and there's Jay and then all the five
what is this okay so it's like maybe you
really want to go and you like I'm
excited I'm like
looks good
Merry Christmas meds make it bright this
time it worked if you want to make it
right look no further my god oMG okay
just know what it means do your
frostings bag chains you can okay it's
okay I was thinking let's do a couple
cute Christmasy things to cleanse my
memory of that insanity that was
gingerbread houses so first I was
thinking let's look at our pictures oh
this is awful
this pictures garbage here let's find
somewhere to put it in trench at the end
okay but I think I've never done this
either I think we should open up the
first game that I've been calendar
together so you have to find number one
and there's no chocolate
oh you have to pop out Oh
sheriff here's to us
oh one more thing let's go over to the
tree or small to that tree it's my goal
weight it is okay son
so Christmas obviously is about presents
so this is for you because you're my son
and I love you and I also believe in you
and I want to support you and a camera
case and it's a good one it's what all
the beauty gurus use huh it has a flip
out screen you can look at yourself you
can blog your day for your vlog Channel
what's your first video gonna be
probably like the bean boozled challenge
but this isn't 5 years ago so we got to
think of something fresh day in my life
story time has anybody ever trying to
kill you at school that's fun that's a
good title yeah all right well I'm
excited for your camera I'm excited for
your look that I was thirsty we're
having a moment I'm having a cola yes
thank you so I think what we should do
now to wrap up the evening in the
perfect way that we show our love a
bonfire gingerbread yeah hey son let's
burn our memories are you already
walking yeah I created a monster
yeah we're throwing that camera in the
fire too all right
say Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
watching it burn and thinking about all
the fun things we did today
you
while it's really burning we you let the
chocolate in there no I think it's time
to put our family portrait in there
wait what yeah we're burning it it's
ugly you look bad I look bad he looks
bad we all look bad yeah I really want
to see our faces cook I look so thin
after today I think I want to jump in
there oh look when's the last survivor
this made me love Christmas that was
poetic
yeah alright son how was your Christmas
to be honest this is my first Christmas
being a dad how did I do
very good really are you gonna come back
for another holiday
no that's too soon I need a break hey I
don't hate you I just need a minute
alright give me a hug I love you
was that for the video well I hope you
get everything you wanted from Santa and
I hope nobody dies I hope your tree
doesn't catch on fire and I hope that
your family stays together and I hope
that everything works out for you I'm
like it did for me Christmas I'm doggin
get a brain to y'all I try and call Boyd
wait all the girls make sure my so
basically there are all these girls at
school they walk up to me they're like
oh my god are you Shane Dawson's son and
there was a sixth grade girl who put on
a little ripped up piece of paper her
Instagram did you follow this sixth
grade problems is that technically it
these three years older than me so well
are you gonna sign it to the teens what
does that mean I think you should slide
into her dance what's with you and
stuffed animals drew what is sliding to
the dance it's when you approach someone
through Twitter or Instagram teens and
let them know that you're interested in
having a time together a play date I'm
happy I'm helping you make friends who
just want to use you for any gram oh we
did it
our first Christmases parents how do you
think it went
I mean it went well we're definitely not
ready for one of our own why we bought
him things and he was happy that's not
how things work it is on YouTube no I
think we did good I think he still loves
me a lot
I mean he's warming up to me he keeps
calling me pop star island which I'm
okay with here's a call your dad
he calls me pop star Island weird he
calls me daddy either way I'm just happy
that my kid likes me more hmm okay well
I have a dog yeah have fun with that I
feel like it it good I feel like we did
good as a bunch of guys raising a kid on
our own jury did great being an uncle
for the first time it's my first time
I did it with a mustache now we had a
lot of fun and it was scary at times I
was a little stressed a little
overwhelmed oh you didn't lose him I
didn't lose him and at the end of the
night everybody's alive aren't you guys
I'm gonna go eat that advent calendar
that's still in the fire I
