hey what's up you guys so I wasn't going
to make this video because I felt like I
shouldn't be making a video about this
and I feel really weird but then I
remembered that making videos is how I
deal with stuff and you guys are always
there for me and you always listen to
what I say make me feel better and so
here we go
I really really fucked up really bad and
I have done this probably three times
this year I think this might be the
third time I don't know but I basically
keep making these videos where you know
you see the thumbnail on the title and
it's really sad or it makes it look like
something really bad happened and then
you watch it and it's just like this
collection of really uncomfortable
creepy moments of me making thumbnails
and a lot of you guys get mad is really
Shane I thought you're really sad or
Shane I thought something really bad
happened or and then you just end up
watching like eight minutes of me
putting food in my mouth
and doing a lot of ha and OH
and a lot of oh and um you realized that
you clicked on something thinking that I
was having a mental breakdown or I was
going to cry or I was going to be sad
and in reality it's just another fucking
montage video of me making fucking weird
thumbnails happen
my buddy Quran
and that's working and that's youtubing
okay see ya look right yeah yeah right
into the camera like ah yeah try one
with hands down just so I can see ya
really big eyes like you that one okay
yeah oh yeah
more shots yeah oh really shocking give
up oh fuck what oh shit
circuit Oh huh what oh my god oh my god
oh my god Berenstein oh wait is that
your gut - that was your girl - that put
the hand up
alais Oh what's happening I don't know
oh yeah was that your about the whole
time yeah - oh shit looks like food more
you go lose pork our guys here I think
this is where we're at I'm put it like
color inside out oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
you're here okay
that's impressive like rope math like
how your mouths open for wide okay just
yeah looking here okay a little less of
it one more here
yeah yeah okay and just like oh my god
oh my god it's like yeah now Chameli ha
ha ah yeah perfect
all right guys go oh hope you enjoyed
that very a comfortable video if you
haven't seen one of these I do these
every couple months or so and I have a
link to a playlist right down below in
the description and trust me they are
all equally as cringy I love these
thumbnail montage videos maybe you
laughed really hard also they're really
uncomfortable and make me question
everything in my life and I'm sorry if
you guys hate these but come on let me
live at you guys if you did enjoy this
stupid fucking video give me a thumbs up
side now also if you watched it all the
way through without skipping or without
throwing up from the cringe give me a
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
mention right now below because I make
new videos every single day alright you
guys I'll see you little Cringer
tomorrow bye oh I forgot I also have a
bag of Doritos because I guess if you
put in a chip bag it like shor evel's up
into this tiny little chip bag then when
you eat the whole thing you feel less
guilty that's not how it works Ain fuck
you
