this is a very bad idea but you look Oh
bitch how does it be guys yes I did not
go to college I barely even pass science
class in high school when it came time
to dissect a pig the teachers gave
everybody knives and scared at me no
that was a fun time but because I don't
know anything about science I thought it
would be smart if I did my own science
experiments involving a microwave and a
bunch of stuff you shouldn't put in it
so I have seen that this has been a
trend on YouTube I've seen Joey Graceffa
do it I have seen Lucas Cruikshank do it
you know all the scientists now I never
lie I have not watched those videos
because I'm almost 30 and like I just
don't feel like watching gay people put
stuff into microwave so I have here this
microwave setup that I got at Target
it is a sunbeam this is not sponsored
but it should be because the amount of
money it's gonna take to fix my house
when it blows up is gonna be crazy
so by looking at all their thumbnails
I've seen the thing to use these items
ivory so um I had no idea where to find
sofa Target cuz the only reason I go to
Target it to see my own book but I guess
they sell other stuff too so we have
this so we have eggs I guess if you put
an egg in the microwave it explodes
which I don't really understand I mean I
guess because like an egg is round and
there's like something inside of it so
like if you put a pregnant lady in the
microwave same thing next we have a
pregnant lady can you imagine how much
do you think that would cost till I get
a pregnant lady to get to a microwave
honestly probably not that much nowadays
with social media and how everybody
wants to be Venus I bet I could be like
Carender come on ya know just hop in
here I'll make sure to tag you
ya know step on it I'll do that thing
that new thing on Instagram you know
that story yeah I'll do a story I'll put
your little app name right there then
you just click on it okay get to my
microwave
they had a Jesus being in women who were
gonna die we also have the frozen doll
I don't know this bitch's name I will
never learn it okay how many times you
try a townie it's healthier Glenda how
about the fuck her name is but I'm tired
of you people trying to tell me her name
every time I talk about frozen in a
video people get so mad they're like
name is Olaf that's love and her name is
fresca la not fucking I don't know her
fucking name you know her fucking name
is today yeah bitch in my microwave oh
she doesn't even break she posed a
schematic a bitch and she just gave me
face what else we got oh and then I saw
somewhere that if you put a Stevie in a
microwave it creates like a fucking
firework show and it also destroys the
CD so I was like one CD should I fucking
destroy today so I went with Kidz Bop 33
there have been 33 connor franta doesn't
even have them in a compilations bitch
and she loves her music this one has
can't stop - feelin cheap thrills weight
cheap thrills I'm a Kidz Bop CD okay
there's no song about fucking I would
love to hear kids sing that oh my god
this is what you came for
what can you come for kids you came for
juice boxes and hot milk and you know
you're gonna get microwaved and then I
also have for the grand finale Christmas
lights come if you like
tis the season to blow shit up about
that I'm gonna have to find a new house
I'm just really exciting as I heard this
one is insane okay now I do not have a
fire extinguisher but instead I'm so
wrong so I get started also I love this
is microwave oh hold up let me get to
zoom in just in case you don't know like
how long to cook something they give you
options potato first of all that is not
a potato that is my face
popcorn Pizza frozen dinner oh god that
sad fuck oh the amount of sad people
that just go oh oh fuck
also why are you here I literally don't
remember putting you on top of this
microwave you're just here for the show
I can't wait to see you blow up your
house shave me - oh I forgot I also have
a bag of Doritos because I guess if you
put in a chip bag
it likes shore evel's up into this tiny
little chip bag then when you eat the
whole thing you feel less guilty
that's not how it works Shane fuck you
okay so here we go I had to turn some
lights off so that we could actually see
what's going on is data here
going to start with soap because I think
this one is the least dangerous
supposedly it just turns into like a
cloud or something
once again I did not do well in science
and the only chemistry I ever had was
none with anybody okay so I'm going to
unwrap the bar and give it a smell uh I
hate soap that doesn't smell like food
like if you're gonna force me to take a
shower make it smell like waffles okay
here we go oh God
alright so let's zoom in and see what
happens I was gonna do a minute or
should I press potato I don't know okay
a minute okay nothing's happening come
on bitch make a cloud Queen I swear to
God if Joey Graceffa lied to me huh oh
my god is happening oh my god what is
happening oh my god oh my god oh I feel
like god oh my god oh my god stop the
draft watch this wow that is beautiful I
know oh my God look how big it's getting
holy shit wait do I keep going what do I
do do I let it live okay no I'm gonna
open it alright I don't know I don't
know I don't know fuck fuck fuck being
God is so hard oh right oh my god can I
touch it is it hot oh it's not enough
left
oh my god whoa that's beautiful
oh wow feels like a bunch of wadded up
tampons don't ask how I know that whoo
that was fun
okay but I'm over it I want to see
something explode all right now let's
try an egg I'm actually nervous about
this one because this will supposedly
explode for sure but I feel like that's
what you came for right right kids pop
is that what you came for
all right here we go oh god oh god I'm
scared oh my god should I like hold it
close haha okay okay
Wow okay fuck okay here we go here we go
fuck fuck it oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh god
Oh God I'm hiding I'm fucking joking oh
god oh god oh my god is it doing it okay
explode bitch is because it's organic I
swear to God
wait it's moving I mean I mean I was
expecting like an explosion that was
like watching your grandpa jerk off like
it lasts forever and you're like grandpa
hurry up we gotta go Simona and then
he's like I'm almost done and then you
missed the first 20 minutes which is the
most important part
how long you know that little wine girl
makes it off the island I had no idea
what that movies about all right I feel
like we should put in more right but
that was bullshit look at that it didn't
even explode the egg it just cooked it
like that looks like some fancy ass shit
you get at a fancy ass restaurant all
right let's just put in all of them fuck
it I'm gonna put him in with the carton
all right let's make some magic oh god
okay this could be bad ooh oh god oh god
okay do not try this at home
come on Oh it's like watching all your
grandparents jerk off come on y'all we
gotta go Simona and what if there's a
little short film in the beginning you
know Pixar love that shit also grandpa
don't watch the movie up it will hit too
close to home for you come on bus
grandpa bus
oh I hear it Oh ha ha okay so apparently
putting four in at once does nothing Oh
God if it explodes when I open it you're
welcome okay maybe if I dump them out oh
oh that one exploded well let's just put
these little Queens that in there and
see if that helps
Oh Fah I literally just think I cooked
them this video is not supposed to be
about me finding new ways to cook eggs
if you want that order nerdy nummies I'm
trying to destroy shit alright let's get
rid of the eggs okay so next we're gonna
try the bag of chips which is very very
dangerous once again I don't think I
said this at the beginning but don't
fucking do any of this shit at home
anyways back to exploding so this is a
really flammable and a bad idea let's do
it first of all oh my god you smell that
oh fuck three doesn't feel good I was
gonna dump those into a bowl and you
know figure out something to do with
them later and we're gonna put this bag
in the microwave I am actually very
scared and I have the plug in my hand
and cos I need to pull at me when I'm
threatening my grandpa okay here we go
oh God
okay one two three oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh my god oh my god what is
happening whoa whoa aah oh my god that's
fucking science bitch bitch that's
fucking science fuck you science
teachers or actually no you guys are
great
I just might like the one who like was
mean to me and call me a pig anyways oh
my god okay let's take this thing out
who is very smokey oh my god what am I
ruin bad oh my god fuck whoo it's hot
guys can you see that shit bitch it's a
fucking tiny ass Drita's bag holy shit
that is amazing bitch I wanna make an
earring out of this oh my god a fucking
charm put that on my keys show the
bitches I am a scientist and I don't
fuck around oh my god look at that look
at that God I'm proud of myself who
would have thought a microwave and a bag
of chips would have made me proud of
myself oh that's beautiful
hello Christmas tree ornament hello my
new Christmas tree theme microwaved
objects oh that's amazing I'm keeping
that forever all right time to BA okay
so supposedly how you do this one is you
take off the spinning thing then you put
a glass like that and then
have the CD leaned up against it so we
can see it okay here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh god oh god oh god
oh my god whoa whoa do you see that oh
wait is it just on fire
wait oh fuck oh okay
but did you see it at the beginning when
it was like a firework or no roll that
back in slow motion
oh whoa whoa I mean listen it might not
have been a firework but it was better
than a kid's Bob Birgeneau firework
which I've heard and it's a mess I wish
I could microwave that all right let's
see what the CD actually looks like oh
wow oh it's it's smoking it is destroyed
and it is still on fire wow that's
actually kind of beautiful that looks
like a titty does that not look like a
fucking Terminator titty an
end-of-the-world titty oh my god a titty
with a fucking and pasty this is my
futuristic bitch okay so next we're
going to try the frozen doll whatever
the hell her name is
so before we do that I'm gonna just get
her ready pin and just fixed her a
little cape okay let me just fix her a
little braid hey let me just fix her a
little faith okay damn it she still
looks good all right I think we should
just have her like sit but she just got
into it uber and she's like hi can you
use Waze I just want to get there fast
thank you no I don't need any water I'm
putting my headphones and I don't want
to talk to you right now you know she's
probably a bitch
whoo-hoo she's having fun oh god I hope
she dies the most painful death if she
turns it to a cloud I swear to god I'm
gonna be pissed if she gets even more
beautiful somehow whoo I hear her
crackling okay she's still killing it
with her yoga pose oh she needs more
time
yes bitch is nothing happening is
literally nothing happening to her
Oh ignoring the haters like oh I hate
her but she's so perfect
let's do anything happen no look at her
look her smug ass face she's like oh you
tried it huh ah that's cute damn it even
hot she's not even hot literally on the
oven her she's a veteran so killing it
huh oh my god okay so this next one is
the finale and the dumbest this is the
Christmas lights I'm very nervous about
this one in particular because I feel
like this will actually explode my ass
oh yeah this is bad right I mean there's
a actual plug miss bad like this is
really dangerous let's do it okay I feel
like I should take off the plug right
feel like that's really bad okay I'll
cut it I'll cut it or wait is that even
worse because then there's like no work
for the electricity to go Boop fuck or
no what if I just plug it in to itself
oh that sounds like it's gonna be worse
hey you know what we're just gonna
fucking try it out see what happens all
right here we go oh my god my last and
final video the last time you'll ever
see me live okay so this is really
really really dangerous please do not
ever do this and please give me thumbs
up okay here we go who's scared okay one
two three oh god oh god oh god oh god oh
my god holy shit it's fucking beautiful
oh my god okay
okay I'm done I got enough magic oh my
god I probably could have let it go for
longer but hello my jokes are dark but
I'm really not trying to die that was
amazing
don't do that home I literally turned
off my camera for like 20 minutes
I was so scared I was googling it making
sure I wouldn't explode my house it was
a scary situation but we survived where
you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
watching me microwave shit you shouldn't
microwave and if you want me to
microwave more stuff let me know down in
the comments what should I throw in
there maybe youtuber books also give
this video a thumbs up if you want me to
do more videos like this and subscribe
to my channel in down below cuz I view 2
videos every single day and if you want
to see all my other weird fucking videos
I'll put a link to some playlists or at
the top of description below you guys I
will see you little microwaves tomorrow
bye legend goes that one of the
construction workers fell off the top of
the bridge while they were building it
and he fell a hundred and fifty feet to
his death but what's even creepier is
the concrete that was under the bridge
was still wet and when he fell he sank
into it and then it dried and he
supposedly is still there today
