hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about one of the
most haunted places in the world and it
is very close to my house so first I'm
going to tell you where it is and why
it's so often and then me and my friends
gear and Giroux are going to go there
and explore ourselves and see just how
creepy it really is so the place we're
going to be talking about today is
called the Colorado Street bridge in
Pasadena California or as it is commonly
referred to as the suicide bridge so the
bridge was built back in 1912 and since
then over a hundred people have jumped
from it to their deaths now most of the
suicides took place during the Great
Depression now I'm sure you guys all
study the Great Depression in school so
I don't need to explain what that was
but as you know millions of people lost
their jobs had no money people that were
once wealthy are now homeless and for a
lot of people felt like all hope was
gone
and that led them to the bridge so the
bridge is a hundred and fifty feet tall
and over 1500 feet long it's massive
I've been on this bridge many times I
had no idea was haunted and I had no
idea that it had that nickname but now
that I know that just looking at
pictures of the bridge fucking creeps me
out now supposedly the bridge was
haunted even before was finished legend
goes that one of the construction
workers fell off the top of the bridge
while they were building it and he fell
a hundred and fifty feet to his death
but what's even creepier is the concrete
that was under the bridge was still wet
and when he fell he sank into it and
then it dried and he supposedly is still
there today so before the great
depression even happened people said
this bridge was haunted by that man
people back then said that when they
were near the bridge they could hear his
voice that when they walk over they feel
his spirit and supposedly still to this
day you can hear him screaming
underneath
this event then of course all the
suicides started happening people
jumping to their deaths
pretty much every day during the Great
Depression but there's a few stories
that really stand out the first one is a
woman named Myrtle ward
so she was 22 years old and Jinna
three-year-old daughter now supposedly
her husband left her she went to a dark
depression and she thought the bridge
was the only choice so she took her
three-year-old baby went to the top of
the bridge and threw the baby off then
she jumped and plummeted to her death
now the craziest part the baby landed in
a tree which helped it slowly fall to
the ground and the baby was fine
unharmed but the mother did die and
supposedly the spirit of Myrtle is still
there today
now the suicides did not stop after the
Great Depression and some of the stories
were even more gruesome in 2008 of a man
named Walter Garcia went into his
girlfriend's house killed her with a
knife and then stabbed her mother to
death then when the police were chasing
him he went down to the bridge and
jumped off and his spirit is said to be
there too now because so many people
were killing themselves on this bridge
in 1993 they put in 27 million dollars
of renovations and that includes a
suicide barrier that went on the sides
of the bridge now that was supposed to
make it more difficult to jump off but
some people still found a way around
okay so now let's break down what people
say they hear and see when they visiting
the bridge a lot of people say they see
a woman in a white robe walking across
the top of it and then jumping off
people say they see shadows walking
underneath the bridge and then just
disappear into thin air many many many
people have said they see in old men
wearing white rimmed glasses standing in
the middle of the street like that's one
that a lot of people if you google it a
lot of people sing up and the last thing
people say is that when they go to the
top of the bridge and then close their
eyes
picking hear the sound screaming now
there have been a lot of ghost hunters
that have went down to the Pasadena
bridge there's been people that have
brought Ouija boards a lot of people
have taken pictures and seen orbs or
seen a white flash look like it was
jumping off the bridge so I have no
doubt that this bridge is very much
wanted but I still want to see for
myself
so let's go okay guys we are in the car
right now I am back with drew McGarrett
and we are ready to find some ghosts
okay
actually on the drive over here they
didn't know about this bridge I was just
telling them about it and then they
started doing some research while I was
driving I'm intrigued we found some
pretty youth on some crazy stuff okay so
tell them what you found
well a guy it's really sad but a guy who
like posted your mama killed himself on
the bridge only a year ago yeah and the
guy his Moses named Sam Sarpong yeah so
he used to host your mama which I used
to watch and I didn't even know that
that happened and he killed himself on
that bridge a year ago and then you said
what did you say that you found well I
just learned about the bit the baby the
baby yes you guys I told you earlier the
woman Myrtle who threw her baby over and
baby survived grew up and is now girl oh
yeah and she's right here I know but
she's like alive and well and like lives
until the tail which is pretty crazy so
that is very real that did happen so you
guys this is what we're looking for
we're looking for Myrtle who is said to
be walking around a bridge in a long
white looking and listening oh and we
could pretend to be her baby like do
little baby colonies not okay well but
that Myrtle she goes twice though that's
not okay she's dead if you believe in
them that's not okay well I mean then is
like this too far we're also looking for
the old man with glasses I don't know
his name he's supposedly roaming around
we're looking for people underneath the
bridge he was suppose they were just
wandering ghosts that are wandering
around Oh with a construction worker who
fell and is inside the cement I didn't
tell you about that but I read the wait
is he still there supposedly yeah also
this bridge is like very easy to access
and it's also very fucking creepy we
just drove over it and now we are going
to get out of the car and walk to it
I'm a little scared I feel like there's
already ghosts here honestly I feel like
I look like a ghost back here hahaha Joe
are you scared shucks
let's go okay so we have a flashlight
and we are ready to go do you know where
it is
no this is like a big this is like can
you see me yeah this is like the
beginning of them of a movie uh hello
just our cream I know I'd be the one I'd
be the one to get killed quick okay we
are walking up to the bridge now oh my
god this looks like a fucking horror
movie this is genuinely scary quit shine
your light let's get a little light on
this so this is the walk that people
make scary I think of that I know like
this is where they're walking and
they're like hey I'm gonna fucking do it
oh my god I just got the chills fucking
creepy oh my god guys on the actual
bridge there's a sign there is hope
suicide is not the answer
make the call that's okay first of all
like I like that that's there but that's
also scary because that just proves that
this is fucking real oh my god we're
here oh my god we're here
I mean it definitely has a very creepy
fucking vibe also can imagine living
there like like living my neck yeah oh
my god that's so sad oh my god so I
guess you just climb up on here or do
you think they do it over there or over
here probably on this side because this
is a treat is this the tree that the
fucking baby felling so that's the tree
even jumping on I don't know because
those are houses so like they must be
over there like in Jo traffic yeah it's
so fuckin sad so this is one of the
platforms that people stand on oh my God
look there's like flowers would it be
hard I don't think it'd not be hard to
get over this
oh you been on there look at the top of
this house sharpen isn't dupatta
it punishes you before you die oh god
you're the one who's gonna get busted if
you do that the way what we're gonna try
to find a way to get down under the
branch because I feel like that's where
the ghost could be that's for the body
spirit and then once we get down there
we're gonna try to talk to Myrtle I
think that's the one department we're
going to get down there no Walmart
employees are gonna shut down this yeah
wait what I jumped seven 966 six first
of all 719 is my birthday oh my god
somebody died on my fucking birthday not
to see 666 dude this is actually getting
scary because it's my birthday and
that's who we should talk to wait a
minute but this what is this made out of
why is this still here
I imagine you getting a nice right
wait shine the light let's see where it
is oh my god oh my god is this word ha
oh my god oh I'm so fucking scared and
creeped out right now because that's
where you could step right there you see
if you because this is so this is a suit
this is a suicide access point because
you would walk right up here yeah and
then just go to that ledge wait can you
shine the light on the ground so they
can see it it's so far so that's where
the bodies go that's where we need to go
over 150 feet oh my god there's another
person saying that the jump from here
there's a street that people probably
land on
okay I found the stairs oh my
oh my god wait I don't think we're
supposed to go in there oh my god
wait okay can I say something it sounds
fake but I'm like not kidding you know
that feeling we get in my gym this is
where I like you walk in and you like
your chest is heavier feeling anxiety I
just write it do you feel that it is
very shy my crazy journey so much is not
involved okay I know it's different it's
like it feels like something's pressing
on
it's very actually smoo fuck like really
weird I mean obviously was haunted but
Bob wait shine a light on the show over
there oh this for sure feels fucking
fucked up wait wait where are you going
you guys can't really see it but that's
like a cliff and if he falls he's
fucking dead
wait can you come back that's actually
scary I'm scared
this is where people say they hear and
see people is it a bonfire what's over
there is that our we g-spot bitch wait
where shit if we do weed you should we
do it right here this is actually live
like two legs oh my god is this a bad
idea yeah yeah I'm not being it's a bad
idea of adopting in been making bad
choices for 27 years well okay
the Twins showed me how to do this like
right so we just have to we have to
start by saying like we're not trying to
make fun of them yeah we actually want
to talk to them okay and then when we
end it we have to say goodbye it because
that's what you like it's fucked up so
start with respect right okay so how do
you start so I think we just say like
spirits came here
good intentions do you know what to say
I think we just asked is there anybody
here Myrtle
are you here with us right now
you're not doing that though I'm barely
resting my fingers on horsey
I'm shaking but that doesn't make
forward movement and literally I don't
know if you guys just saw that but it
slipped out of my fingers it feels like
it's moving on its own heads and what I
literally you can see it like slipping
out of my fingers thank you are you
swear to god you're not doing it are you
you swear to god you didn't do that oh
it felt like a magnet
I guarantee okay that's not Myrtle so
we're not fucking to it we have to say
goodbye we have to say fucking for a
minute what what shit watching that
shadow it looks like a goat it's like
the sign of statement or something wait
where that go right there you see like
my fingers touching its head it does is
I see a torn in its eye okay we're
getting the fuck out of here okay let's
go man it's like about weight stigma
okay we hope you find peace goodbye
goodbye thank you we love you guys oh my
god oh my god dude that Shane that's
actually insane oh my god oh let's go so
we were just talking cuz that genuinely
scared to share with us that was not us
able to swear to God but that was not us
now I'm really scared because like these
are always been funny like kind of fun
who's moving it like that was real and
now I'm scared I want to throw it away
but like you guys want the guys to throw
it away are the rim are there
ramifications to throwing it away
I don't say dumb - I don't know that I
don't want this in my fucking house
because literally first of all it wasn't
muhrtelle second of all when they were
like are you Myrtle I went to that no
fucking collar yeah and that goat thing
that was not a good thing
Oh to properly dispose the Ouija board
break it into seven pieces pour holy
water on it and bury it holy water and
how are we gonna break this into seven
pieces here's my plan my plan is to
crack it in half and like put it under
some dirt okay okay I need a sign here I
mean it is random there's like this
trash can perfectly placed right here
yeah let's feel like a sign all right oh
my god okay okay I'm scared okay thank
you goodbye
alright let's get the fuck out of here
ok so we're back on the bridge my heart
is like racing this whole situation is
fucking scaring the shit
my best advice to you guys if you don't
use a Ouija board ever again because
that did not feel great yeah I think I'm
done with the wait
purpose of this video to make it so I'm
done everybody my life has tried to get
me to throw it away it's finally gone
alright we're walking back to the car
officially done here
fucking spooked - how are you feeling
bad I know it makes me feel very sad
cuz it's not like I don't know it's not
like my house we're like it's kind of
fun to think about it being haunted it's
like actually people related conditions
here like a lot yeah actually being
there and feeling the vibe
wasn't fun it was very sad also there's
literally houses right here like why
would anybody want to live next to
suicide bridge that's fucking crazy I
have no idea
oh my god don't go here Larry guys go
hopefully you enjoyed that creepy video
and if you did and you want me to do
more creepy videos like this or you want
me and Garrett drew to go explore more
scary places give me a thumbs up so I
know also subscribe to my channel right
down below because I make new videos
every day and if you want to see all my
other scary videos I've made a bunch of
them including the one where me and
Gehringer went to a haunted Walmart I'll
put the links to those videos at the top
of the description Google alright you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
behind you he died of chronic bronchitis
what y'all gonna put this much work into
making this toy and you're gonna spend
two seconds coming up with a death this
motherfucker looks like he has been
through war you can tell me that's
bronchitis bitch
