we are going to show you pictures of new
media people some of which I don't even
know like social media and you have to
guess what they do okay this person is
12 years old yeah and they're famous for
lip singing and now they make literally
millions of dollars oh no for that Jacob
Oh Jacob have you not heard of him no
he's a huge deal has he been on Ellen
ketchups high right don't you go from
like lip-syncing to Ellen okay that's
the trajectory yeah that's a good yes
today we're going to be playing with
more creepy ass fucking kid toys and all
of these toys are fucking real for
example there is a toy we're gonna play
with today that is the puberty Barbie
now I don't think it's actually like
Barbie brand it's like some weird fake
Barbie but either way the creepiness is
real but first I want to start with
something that isn't really like creepy
it's just more like why the fuck did
they sell this and that is this et
finger life now let me explain for the
people who have not seen the movie ET it
is fucking scary it is about a little
alien man who comes to earth and starts
hanging out this little boy then he like
dresses up as an old lady or something
and he's like hiding in the kids room
and the parents are like is there
anybody in there the kids like no just
me and my alien like what the fuck what
kind of horror movie is that if I was a
parent and I was like cleaning my kid's
room and then I was like cloudy dadadada
fucking alien and an old lady wig popped
out I mean first I'd be like me but then
I'd be pissed but side note I did
actually love it
but that's because I'm a fucking creep
but this toy they made was banned like
shortly after it would have to toys
doors because parents said it look like
a dick and spoiler alert it does okay so
first of all I got this on eBay and it
was not super expensive but kind of
expensive because this is like an
original it has not been opened but just
look at how much of a dick that looks
like let's take it off the package you
could really see that oh that oh the
wrinkles on it oh fuck that's a dick
that has had a hard life that dick has
seen some shit okay
figure out like how this actually will
just there's a dead naked Barbie next to
me while I'm holding a dick on my finger
is my life okay I think you press I know
there's a battery in here somewhere
Barbie make up the day oh my god imagine
if that was like a disease it might be
but just like a finger dick oh could you
imagine being the friend to somebody
that had that and you want to be like
real polite like every time their finger
did came out you'd have to pretend like
it wasn't crazy gross oh my god this
pasta is so good I know right you have a
little on your lip here let me get it
oh no I'm okay no no don't worry about
it I think I've got it
no really I'm fine oh now hold on just
say it yeah now help oh oh god you got
food all over your face here hold on let
me get all that oh god I really think
you got it okay now that's just
unnecessary oh okay so I think I'm going
to save puberty Barbie's class heroes
put her over here on the dick okay so
this was voted creepiest toy ever I
forgot where it was on multiple websites
and I didn't understand like why people
thought it was so creepy
until it came to my house and even the
Box alone is terrifying this is all the
face bag now I'm going to show this to
you
and I'm warning you it will literally
give you bears all right here we go
what a fuck look at that look at him
look at him that's a demon that's awful
literally what is Oh does it talk I want
the NOFA talks I think you just put
money in it either way why let's take
this thing out of the actual oh my god
hold on I Eddie
Barbie I relate current mood okay just
opening this box oh my god it feels like
a face pop OH
oh my god fucking the twins figure
that's why it's so scary to me because
it's too real oh my god oh my god
know what why who wanted this who asked
for this the doctor where my mom had me
what is missus
oh god oh god it's looking at me throw
it away throw it away I love the miracle
of life okay so I guess you just put
money in it or so oh god that felt wrong
so we got gagging this weird little man
with my finger sounds great but just
wasn't okay so you put batteries in the
bottom I think I actually have batteries
right here okay here we go so I'm just
going to put the batteries in
okay and then oh here we go turning it
on oh gosh what's happening why is
nothing happening I'm gonna fuck this
thing like there's no way I'm not
fucking this thing hold on see how it
feel give a little crunch oh my god how
we really are twinning come on come on
come on come on Wow he's not gay well
then let's give him some pussy d no okay
let me find some money okay here we go
let's get some money in oh he loves
money he loves money more than dick and
pussy yeah yeah oh okay that's
horrifying let's put that over here and
I over here I mean literally in a
bonfire I would like this thing to burn
that's a penis you know I mean like
that's a fucking David face like when
you're in your bed and you're like oh
god I hope there's nobody else in this
room with me and it's all dark and
you're praying to whatever God you pray
to and you're like God please I know I
hear a scratching on the walls please
just let it be a tree branch let it be
the dog let it be anything but a demon
okay I'm gonna open my eyes in five
seconds and please don't let there be
anything there okay
one two three four five I don't get my
money out I have to get him come on
throw it up uh keep my money okay so
this next toy is super fucking crazy and
I've seen pictures of his online for
years and I was always too afraid to
actually like enlarge the photo just
because the thumbnail itself scared the
shit out of me you guys when you go to
my channel this is a teddy bear that has
been zombiefied four murdered or I don't
know whatever it is it's fucking scary
and they sent it to me in this box that
looks like a casket alright let's open
it together you know what let me give
you an unboxing angle okay here we go
let's open up this oh my god oh my god
okay
all right Lisa wrapping papers bougie
and pretty now let's see oh my god I see
you like oh my god I'm scared oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god you I already see blood
seeping out the side oh my god okay okay
okay okay okay oh I don't know why this
is triggering me so much ah okay all
right we're just gonna do it
103 Oh oh my god oh my god oh oh my God
look at his little arm oh oh look at
this skull oh my god this is some fucked
up shit oh my god oh my god his leg look
at the bone popping out that is too
triggering I broke my leg last year and
that is giving me flashbacks oh wait it
came with a little note alright hold on
let me get it oh my god it's a death
certificate Berkley the bear died at
2300 hours
he died of chronic bronchitis what y'all
gonna put this much work into making
this toy and you're gonna spend two
seconds coming up with a gem this
motherfucker
looks like he has been through war
you're gonna tell me that's bronchitis
bitch you're gonna tell me he died of
something that he could have cured with
Tylenol
look at that arm that is not fun guys oh
my god you what is hanging from it what
is that what is that how did bronchitis
do that oh my god I'm like one's those
angry family members who's like relative
died and I go to the morgue and I'm like
oh you tried to tell
me that Casey died of a lung disease
look at her Casey was murdered and y'all
just covered it up you take the lung
disease did this oh my god
Oh Oh God Oh feels so gross feels like a
chicken like a fucking rotisserie
chicken ooh that sounds good little bit
of grease dripping off oh fuck
pour some ranch on top a little bit at a
patio a little bit Cholula I can get a
tortilla if I can wrap that shit up in
it will get looked out the sour cream
how am I thinking about food right now
when this is staring at me oh my god
what kid is this for actually I kind of
love him I'm gonna put this in my room
somewhere hold on let's go trying to
find a place for this bear okay let's go
oh my god this is literally what my
vlogs look like hey guys welcome to a
day in my life it has been rough all
right where should he go I do have that
creepy mask over there or I do have this
little dog right there you know what I'm
just gonna leave him right here on top
of munoz cage let's see what you know
thinks of his new friend who knows a
doggie daycare while daddy films videos
so when he comes home you'll have a
present waiting one I'm also really
tempted to give him this as a chew toy
but I feel like you've been that Stu
fucker
okay here we go the time has come that
you've all been waiting for
puberty Barbie once again not Barbie her
actual name is growing up skipper which
is such a cute little name for such a
scary fucking doll now let me explain
how this works I have no idea but
basically what the box says is that if
you do something to her she'll grow tits
I don't know what that means I don't
know if there's a button press all I
know is her face is already fucking
painted I don't know how old she's
supposed to be also this doll was
quickly banned and currently not on sale
but I got my hands on it okay
I am never related to anything more in
my life okay so her chest is flat as you
can see I mean there's like little
little bumps but they're pretty flat
also I don't you can see this or not but
whoever owned her before literally burn
her with cigarettes
she has cigarette burns on her boobs
like somebody tried to light her on fire
who would do some fucked up shit like
that oh I love it yeah oh yeah did that
well anyways let's see how we can make
her a woman step one
so there's no button anywhere I can feel
them supposedly if you turn her arm her
boobs grow which sounds like some crazy
ass shit like a drunk aunt would tell
you when you're a kid oh don't worry
honey your penis will get bigger just
keep moving your arms around and do it
while you're standing on one way
fuck you aunt Beth and your lies okay
but let's see if it works I guess you
just bend oh god oh my god oh my god
wait what yeah she's got taller too wait
let's let's go back in time oh my god
and the tits are gone wait look at the
side view hold on ready data that data
data that oh my god and they are perky
Wow what a fucking Queen oh my god the
cow fucking sharp those boobs are
fucking keep those boobs away from any
pool toys or anybody that's a danger to
their self and others so keep it away
from me I mean this is amazing I kind of
want to cut this bitch open let's do it
remember earlier when I was like who
would put out their cigarettes on Barbie
and now I'm like let's give this bitch
open-heart surgery yeah I should never
judge anyone alright so I feel like we
should go right up the middle oh my god
Oh
oh my god oh this is really fucked up
right is anybody else uncomfortable I'm
so uncomfortable right now let's keep
going oh my god oh god if this is what
science class was like I would have
stayed in it dissecting Barbies bitch
that's everything okay oh yeah oh my god
oh wow that's science let's see what it
looks like when you oh whoa
hold on this is literally like a science
Channel now like look at this ready 1 2
3 oh wow oh you see that titty lift
Wow wait those are even higher than they
were before
oh so that's like the older she gets the
more work she gets done wow that's
amazing let's see what that back do Oh
oh yeah this is satisfying you know what
I didn't get that whole trend of like
cutting open toys and like cutting open
stress balls cuz it's satisfying
like I don't get it but now I get it
like cutting open the
backs of little things that look like
people is fucking everything like all my
stress is just like gone thanks skipper
oh wow look at all those joints oh no
now she can never grow again oh that was
fun
okay you know just got back from doggy
daycare owner are you ready for your
present come on it's over here it wants
to say hello you know hello are you
kissing it are you for real right now
you think that's cute explains why you
love you daddy okay but what about this
come on take a nibble oh I hate this oh
I hate everything about oh god you're
deep throating it okay we're stopping
okay videos over let's go that was me
playing with creepy fucking kid toys
that should not have been on sale if you
want me to do more videos playing with
other weird creepy kid toys give me a
thumbs up so I know I subscribed much in
right number though because that make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see the last creepy kid do I did
were me and Lisa played with a pregnant
Barbie and he caught fucked up I'll put
a link to the video at the top of
description below all right you guys I
will see you little creepy tools
tomorrow hi it's a rainbow grilled
cheese let me take a selfie okay I have
not opened this yet I'm very nervous and
very excited I just hope it doesn't look
like something I would rainbow which
looks like vomit like my rainbow items
don't look like a gay pride parade might
look like the street after a gay pride
parade just a lot of like vomit common
blood all mixed together
