guys I just finished a podcast with
Kathy fucking Griffin oh my god she
deliver a wife she delivered an art
she's my favorite in the whole world you
guys know that it was amazing we talked
about anti-rabies she met my mom it was
the best day of my life go check it out
SoundCloud accomplishing to brands but
hey guys yes the fucking selfie queen is
back the fucking hashtag instafamous
hashtag means to model hashtag instace
ad is ready for her comeback also a
quick note about your comments on
Instagram I'm a little confused like you
guys are all calling me Dad but I feel
like you're meaning to say it's sad and
your phone is just like I'm prepping it
also when you guys are saying go fucking
kill yourself I think your phone is Auto
practing it from your amazing keep
shaming you need to get your phone
sticks so yes today we are doing it
again bitch we're trying more Instagram
famous foods and today we're getting
real gay because today we have a couple
rainbow options so get those filters
ready and get that face tune out because
we are going to be getting instafamous
ok so first up we have something I'm so
fucking excited to try right now it's a
rainbow grilled cheese let me take a
selfie ok I have not opened this yet I'm
very nervous and very excited I just
hope it doesn't look like something I
would rainbow which looks like vomit
like my rainbow items don't look like a
gay pride parade might look like the
street after a gay pride parade it's a
lot of like vomit coming blood all mixed
together ok here we go oh my god ok I
gotta do the spread test so here's the
sandwich normally you can see a little
bit of the blue losing out now let's do
the Sprint test 1 2 3 oh my god okay a
little anti-climatic but still bitch
that's a rainbow fucking sandwich hold
on let's maybe tear it from another area
of the sandwich oh my god oh my god it's
like I'm ripping apart Pixar characters
I can almost hear them screaming oh my
god oh my god oh wow that was amazing
like I feel like if you guys SEC - GG
gorgeous like that's what you'd see if
that was a
easing okay now let's try and see if she
tastes as pretty as she looks
you think serial killers ever do that
they're like all right well I killed her
time to taste her hope it's not a
disappointment
cuz she looked really good when I was
chopping her head off and then they
tasted it like well kind of that better
okay let's try this
well not great I mean not bad I'd kill
her again like it's just fine I mean
listen the point is that it's beautiful
not that it tastes good like not
everything that's pretty taste good take
a bite out of Joey bruschettas face yeah
it's pretty but you know that shit's
gonna taste like some fucking salty ass
greasy ass
nothing he's greasy I'm just saying
faces are greasy what am I talking about
take a bite out of my face it's not
pretty and it doesn't taste good take a
pie at a rickey dillion space just make
sure you have a napkin and some makeup
links thanks food oh wait
fuck I forgot to tell you guys this
restaurant also makes the double-decker
raivo sandwich the gay orgy of
sandwiches if you live because it is
rainbow on top a rainbow on top our
rainbow now as you can hear the party
has already begun and listen to the
wetness alright now let's do the spread
test are you guys ready for this 1 2 3
oh oh oh my god oh all that's beautiful
is it I don't really know anymore oh my
god nope literally like take a sword go
up to Gigi gorgeous at VidCon and be
like shocked and guess what bitches
crapped in half and she's looking good
oh my god if this is what youtubers look
like on the inside
hide the swords cuz I would be samurai
up the place and then you cut open me
and it just Brown just the darkest
Brooks is a shade of brown like cutting
open a porta potti just like sewage
anyways back to the pretty oh my god
which is what you guys say when you
leave my video and go to a GG gorgeous
video Oh watch enough fat sad man eat
was fun back to the pretty alright let's
take a bite out of this big ass sandwich
oh my god should we triple fucking
decker that shit yes we should all right
here we go oh my god
one two three Oh ma'am that's not good
you know what I'm not very good sandwich
is extra not very good when you put five
on top this is a lot of dry next food
it's a rainbow bagel let me take a
selfie
okay here we go here is the bagel are
you ready for this
it is fucking beautiful tada
oh my God look at that that's fucking
beautiful listen I don't care about
aesthetics I'm not like a fucking color
Queen widget by the way should be
fucking RuPaul's nickname or wait now
that sounds racist you know what I mean
or do you
I don't know what do I even need color
clean like she likes colors back to the
day this is fuckin a beautiful oh my god
this swirl this is beautiful I don't
know what the point of this is or why
they made this but I'm happy they did
now I am nervous to see the inside of it
cuz I feel like maybe it's just like
pretty on the outside red scene so I
have my big fucking butcher knife here
and we're gonna cat right in okay so
Gigi was a grouchy sandwich that who
would this be it's pretty it has a hole
and it's a gig that's a Tyler Oakley
okay Tyler let's cut you in half
I'm coming okay uh-huh she is hard to
cut oh god I just destroyed it oh my god
wait whoa oh my god even pretty early
inside look at this okay in real life
it's everything it does not photograph
well I would say me but both are
disasters but really look at that looks
like some fucking like beautiful Easter
Lisa Frank look it's what if I huh oh my
god did you know that every time you see
a butterfly that means a gay person died
Irving I'm getting that wrong I don't
know but it means something about death
and butterflies are kind of gay so I'm
just like putting them together I know
this is beautiful I love this
let's fucking put in her mouth Tyler
hope you're ready what would fucking
Tyler Oakley be like let's just talk
about that for a second do you think
he'd be like promoting stuff do you
think you'd be like retweet this for a
DP or do you think he'd want you to
stuff like you'd be up about to enter
him and then he'd be like did you
retweet my new video and you'd be like
yeah it's Tyler I did I faded i
retweeted I quote tweeted ok that's
interesting that you didn't tag me ok
tell her I accidentally forgot to tag
you can I please fuck you now yeah
totally you fuck me
ok good I'm going in oh I forgot to ask
did you Instagram story what are you
talking about my video no ok that's
right but like if you Instagram story
that you could also like do that thing
we've linked like it's my pub video it's
just like a thing to do that would like
really help a beta Linux for like
whatever okay I'll do that next time
okay can i fuck you now yeah okay okay
okay for real I'm really going in now
okay here comes a dick
Julio elbow can we listen to some music
totally Tyler yeah let me just get on my
beats pill what do you wanna listen to I
was thinking maybe an audio what I don't
know like maybe just some kind of audio
book maybe you could go to audible.com
slash Tyler Oakley and get free demo
okay fine I will go to horrible and
download a free audio hook can I help
you now
yeah totally okay here we go the tip is
literally it well tell her what are you
doing huh oh I was trying to be my
latest score look what are you talking
about um best fiends are you not plenty
you're playing a game yeah and I'm so
close to winning I was on level 150 and
I'm trying to get to level 151 that it's
really hard but lovely you on tweet me
your answer I know I'm nothing now I'm
just kidding I fucked her ugly and it
was good no I have it I thought about it
I had a dream about it he cried I'm
gonna want the next food okay so this
next food is two desserts that they have
combined into one and then a bunch of
skinny ass white bitches going to
Instagram and pretend like they eat it
it's the mother fucking donut Ice Cream
Sandwich bitch let me take a selfie
oh my god okay who's sweating okay so
this is a powdered donut with vanilla
and chocolate swirl ice cream with
rainbow sprinkles okay hold on I'm
overwhelmed
let me just show you what she is serving
she is serving cholesterol she is
serving diabetes and she is serving
probably going to lose three years of
your life and I am ready to eat also
there is no way that these little white
bitches on
you're gonna eat this unless those
little white bitches are really good at
angles and they're not so little they
might not even be white listen I have
seen some people in their Instagram
pictures and then seen them in real life
and then like bitch Wyatt
that would be like if you saw a poster
for a lost dog
and then you found it and it was a
gorilla like bitch you show me a poodle
and now you're giving me an ape I'm very
confused
you know what just own it if you look
like a giraffe don't turn up face tune
yourself and make your next shorter make
your ears a little bit smaller and go
from a giraffe to a cute little lemur
because guess what when I go to your
meet-and-greet and I wait four hours to
see you and the only reason I know who
you are is because you aren't wearing
your own merch well that's just a trip
to VidCon why am i bringing up VidCon so
much I don't know all right let's take a
bite of this shit oh my god okay you're
gonna well oh my god I don't care who
you are I don't care how fake your
pictures are I don't even care if you
pretend you're hillary duff and then it
turns out you're Hayley you need to get
this this is so fucking good the fucking
Jonah is so moist and so soft and then
the fucking ice cream is so sweet and
the fucking sprinkles oh my god from
Brooke me on r5 this is a gay brain gun
right nobody got their stomach pumped
nobody died for some reason Carly Rae
Jepsen was there but like it's fine and
like Stephanie tanner like why but
besides that this gay parade is
everything also Ruthie from seventh
heaven has a booth we don't really get
that I always feel like with those gay
parades there's always the most random
celebrities on like clothes like somehow
that makes sense like next up on the
foot we have
hi monsters caught up on the next slope
we have Ruba gays you can stay straight
such a away I'm on the final float and
beans from even Stephens
hi guys I got paid five hundred dollars
to be here why is he here
is he even gay I don't know what I am
I'm still developing yeah it's very
confusing
speaking of confusing what is this video
even about I don't know anymore next
food okay so this next food is something
I very much relate to because it's
greasy messy cheesy ember it's my face
I've had a rough week no I'm just
kidding it's the waffle cheeseburger
bitch let me take a selfie
okay so this is actually on a menu at a
restaurant
this isn't like fair food this isn't
like something that your mom came up
with when she was like in the kitchen at
1:00 a.m. on her medication this is the
waffle cheeseburger look at that waffle
bun look how perfectly cooked that is
then on the inside you got this fucking
greasy ass burger oh you open it up oh
my god oh she's falling apart oh shit oh
my god I don't even know how to eat this
it's I'm gonna be honest it's very messy
it's actually not staying together so
how every white girl on Instagram really
is like sloppy messy gross and the
second the camera turns off falls apart
but their pictures are killing it also
by the way Instagram girls making the
dream board is a nightmare
but if I did have a dream board this
would be the big picture here we go
let's take a big vibe of this big ol
bitch
it's just a dream Jamaica it's got the
saddest thought when I sing that song I
just imagine some sad girl in her room
making a dream board while she's
watching this video
and she's like mid-cut I'm like a beach
or like a college degree and then she
just hears me and she's like alright I
guess I'll just eat instead Oh Shay
crushing dreams since 2008
oh no I'm kidding keep your dreams reach
for the stars cuz you're never gonna be
what next food now this next one is
something I saw on Instagram and I
thought it was a joke until I found out
it was real
this is pumpkin spice hot wings let me
take a selfie
yes these are real they are chicken
wings that are pumpkin spice flavored it
doesn't get more basic than this like to
be more basic than this you would have
to have like hair chalk a henna tattoo
and hollow nails oh just the smell it's
like if you fed a chicken only pumpkin
pie until it died like it was so full of
pumpkin pie that it just exploded that
sounds great that also sounds like me on
Thanksgiving I didn't know what the word
leftover meant until I was like 23 cuz I
had never seen one I will go to my
friends houses to be like why's our food
in your fridge why are you not eating at
how do you have clean silverware why is
it at all dirty
why is your toilet not plugged up why is
your mom and dad kissing why did they
look happy why does the family dog look
like he loved to and he doesn't judge
you and when you try to pet him he
doesn't run away from you because he
thinks you are a big Angry fat animal
that wants to eat him why is your life
so perfect maybe this isn't about food
anyways let's eat okay so let's try one
of these Oh God
you so wet oh my god oh I hate it oh
okay
alright here we go cheers to the basics
someone ordered me a flower crown and a
boyfriend who cheats on me with guys cuz
I'm a basic ass bitch this is amazing
why is this good like this should be the
grossest thing ever like think about it
meat that tastes like dessert but for
some reason it is so good
maybe I am facing maybe I could be in
Instagram celebrity like maybe if I post
pictures of me with all these Instagram
famous foods
it'll help boost my numbers oh my god I
can start doing like Instagram
challenges like the mannequin challenge
except I don't really have like people
to deal with so I would just do it like
with chicken wings Italy just be this
small world all the friends knows me
million likes
alright guys guys me trying a famous
Instagram foods part 2 and I feel less
famous than I was when I started but hey
I got a fuck Tyler Oakley and that's all
the matters if you like this video and
you want me to do another Instagram
foods but do give me a thumbs up so I
know also subscribe to my channel right
down below because I'm new videos every
fucking day and if you want to see my
first try Instagram famous foods I'll
put a link to that video at the top of
the description below aren't you guys I
will see you little Grammer's Perry oh
no I'm sorry you're not invited to the
podcast but that's just because you'll
shit everywhere and daddy already talked
so much shit during the podcast we don't
need any more shit around the set here
Jesus will keep you company
