it's up guys my name is Destin welcome
back to you what the fuck five today's
video is about another topic that I find
really interesting and creepy and that
is Colts there's just something so
creepy thinking that in secret your
next-door neighbor or your grocery store
clerk to be sacrificing goats to Satan
or actually believing that suicide is
going to call a spaceship down and bring
them to another planet in their spare
time anyway so yes for today's what the
fuck 5 meter counting down the 5
scariest cults you've never heard of
number one the anthill kids described is
one of the most violent and prolific
Colts in the history of Canadian crime
which I can't imagine is all that crazy
anyways the greatest crime in Canadian
history is probably a guy bumping into
another guy and not apologizing but
during the Colts years of operation from
1979 to 1988 it was run by a single man
named Rock ferial who in addition to
taking several wives and fathering more
than a dozen children with the members
of the cult was also tortured and
perform fucked-up surgeries on his
members for no reason just saying that
they needed them for religious cleansing
as a result several members went on
living in his care with missing toes
fingers and testicles which he more than
likely took out our purpose so that he'd
be the only one having sex with the
almost ten girls in his care okay I was
sure that this cult wasn't just the
excuse to have a giant orgy all the time
who were people in by saying in God and
then fucking part the pink see also I'm
not judging but why would you trust a
guy who dressed like this hey come join
my community I'm definitely not insane
it's a totally chill party up in here no
one's getting blowtorch to the stomach
or anything oh yeah by the way yeah he
blowtorch someone's stomach and not
surprisingly they died unfortunately for
the ant hill kids leader he was
sentenced to life in prison where he
fathered three more children from
conjugal visits to the prison dude how
much baby gravy does this guy have
Christ luckily he can't impregnate
anyone anymore as he died in 2011 from
an inmate stabbing him to death number
two Australian Jesus definitely not as
cool as Korean Jesus stop fuckin with
Koreans Jesus get time for your boo-boos
he'd be Wickery Australian Jesus is a
cult following that believes that a 53
year old Australian computer technician
named Alan Miller is actually Jesus
reincarnated on I'm sick Alan John
Miller but but I am I'm actually Jesus
yeah it's weird as fuck so since he
started doing these sermons and talked
about uh you know his life as Jesus he's
actually gotten a fair bit of a
following on the internet even making a
youtube channel where he talks about his
life is Jesus which is just hilarious to
me to try to imagine Jesus as a youtuber
hey guys it's Jesus here today I'm gonna
be going out in public and doing some
miracles let's go thank yous me sir
while you drinking that uh just some
water check it again what the hell it's
wine huh
you got miracle ah damn it Jesus even
though Miller claims not to be a cult
leader by any means it's hard to deny
the occult like Messiah Complex this guy
has as well as the almost 2,000 people
who believe everything he says is the
truth and even donate every single month
to his cause Australian Jesus is still
doing his talks and making videos to
this day but I have to believe that if
Jesus actually did come back he wouldn't
be wearing shirts like this like come on
number three the People's Temple the
People's Temple was a religious cult
formed in 1955 by Jim Jones of
Indianapolis Indiana it began as a
religious organization that welcomed
everyone into its doors
young or old white or black over nine
hundred of them lived together in the
jungles of Guyana and by November 1978
all 900 of them were dead in the very
beginning Jones raised money for the
organization by selling monkeys
door-to-door which I don't understand
how you could do that hello sir can I
interest you in an actual monkey what
the fuck but really that paid off as at
its peak the temple had around 20,000
members most of which were unaware of
the organization's true intentions as
time went on and as Jones amassed more
followers in power he apparently began
taking hard drugs and setting up
assassination missions for his followers
to carry out as the organization grew in
1974 Jones created an entire town in
Guyana he called Jonestown which he
basically used as sort of a base of
operations for everything within the
People's Temple they began planting
stuff there and trying to be sort of a
self-sustaining group that were all
flopped under Jones's wing but as Jones
drug habits got more severe he got more
paranoid and that's
everything hit the fan on November 18th
1978 he convinced his 918 inhabitants of
Jonestown that a radical group was
preparing to attack them and that the
only way to ensure that they worked
orchard was to kill themselves by
drinking cyanide laced kool-aid and
while some or most people believed him
there a lot of the people believe that a
large portion of the inhabitants were
actually forced to kill themselves which
included 276 children in some cases the
mothers literally injecting their
infants mouths with poison as if that
wasn't horrible enough the entire thing
was captured on tape which I haven't
even listened to because apparently
there's like kids dying in it and like
taking their last breaths which just
fucks me up and I think I would
definitely have nightmares after I
listened to it so not gonna play it on
this video but it does exist on the
internet if you you know want to ruin
your fucking life and he'll listen to it
I guess as far as Jones he ended up
dying alongside the 918 people that died
there but by a self-inflicted gunshot
wound to the head number four the Manson
Family the Manson Family was a group of
mostly women led by Charles Manson
easily the most recognizable cult leader
in all of American history began simply
as a dude spending most of his life in
and out of prison taking some LSD with a
group of impressionable girls grew into
a cold that believed that Manson was
Jesus Christ himself with every member
willing to die for his will he would
often preach about an apocalyptic race
war that would consume the planet that
he referred to as helter skelter and
instead of mass suicide like most Colts
encouraged Manson told his followers to
kill other people to spark the race war
to end the world in total a Manson
family killed seven people the most
infamous of which being that of Sharon
Tate in 1969 who is pregnant when she
was killed
soon after this Manson was arrested and
charged with murder when things only got
more bizarre during the trial he shaved
his head stating I am the
and the devil always has a shaved head
really how interesting
must've been a fact I missed in school
and to show their support to the man
they called their father his followers
all shaved their heads as well Manson
was sentenced to life in prison where he
was recently married at 80 years old
looking like fucking evil gandalf to a
young follower and finally had number 5
Heaven's Gate so Shane actually spoke
about this cult in one of his previous
conspiracy theory videos it's just so
weird and fucked up that I had to
mention it and well some cults follow
normal religious beliefs and kind of
evolved into something more sinister the
congregation of Heaven's Gate believed
that the only way to continue living
beyond our physical being was to board a
spaceship and be teleported to another
planet so how did organization Marshall
Applewhite preach that the world was
soon to be recycled that the only way to
save yourself was to follow him and his
group as they boarded a space vehicle
and actually everyone in the group was
so convinced that in 1996 the group
purchased alien abduction insurance hold
on alien abduction insurance does that
exist you know what I'm gonna buy and
when they all get abducted by Indians
and recycled or whatever I'm gonna be on
Proteus 4 which is obviously the planet
that was prophesized by our Lord and
Savior blessed be he and I'm gonna be
laughing at all you guys you were like
oh ha ha just read that jokester who's
laughing now I'm insane anyway it's like
most Colts what began is something
innocent soon spiraled into a much more
sinister cult we're 1997 Applewhite
convinced 38 members that the spaceship
was coming for them and that in order to
get on it they all had to kill
themselves the group rented a mansion in
the San Diego area and on March 26 1997
38 members were found dead at the
mansion laying throughout the house with
the same shirts the same shoes and oddly
the same exact amount of money in each
pocket which I don't get like was it
just in case the spaceship was like
everyone ready to go tickets out 575
human money oh damn it I didn't bring
any money
looks like you committed suicide for no
reason
doing it but what's really interesting
about this one is that a lot of the
Heaven's Gate literature and even
several tapes of Marshall Applewhite
exist to this day where he tries to
recruit people check it out planet Earth
about to be recycled your only chance to
evacuate is to leave with us hell yeah
stop Romans this thing going down Oh No
but I know what's the fun right
as far as Marshall himself he died
alongside the 38 other members as they
ate poisoned apple sauce while tying a
plastic bag to their heads
yeah at least he actually fucking
believed it it wasn't just a dick hold I
was trying to kill people but still it's
fucking crazy anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as it will be more every
single week also guys I am taking
suggestions for onei what the fuck five
videos that you might want to see in the
future so you know leave those in the
comments down below if you have any
suggestions for my Twitter or tumblr or
any of that stuff I'll check it all out
so you know whether you like the
creepier what the fuck fives or the
funnier ones you know let me know and
I'll try to make more of them that's it
guys we'll see you next time for another
what the fuck five thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
