mimimi fucking me hey guys welcome to
another day and my lie today is actually
gonna be a lot of fun though because we
are going to do podcast and we're
filming two episodes today one has one
of my favorite fans all time her name is
Sammy Tara if you follow me on Instagram
I always repost her edits but she's been
a fan for a long time so I'm excited to
meet her and I'm also scared her name is
Sammy Tara so some would say I was to me
terrified I hope he doesn't go see me
terrible I hope it goes to me tee-rrific
go home and then the second show is de
fizzy and fucking it daily gardener who
is my favorite musician of all time and
a friend of mine and I'm excited I have
this fucking record on my fucking record
machine bitch also Jesus pray for me I'm
really scared to meet sybbie and I hope
she doesn't see me see me in person and
decide that I'm fat and gross and ugly
even though that would be semi accurate
also there's more Jesus everywhere I
didn't know I was at that religious you
know I'm sorry you're not invited to the
podcast but that's just because you'll
shit everywhere and daddy already talked
so much shit during the podcast we don't
need any more shit around the set here
Jesus will keep you company not
interested in your religion bitch guys
I'm freaking out I just met city Tara
like I have been following you for so
long how long have you been like making
like edits and like being nice to me
boom three years over three years and
that's mama yeah hi mom and then over
here we have mr. barista Brian who was
on my podcast a while ago so he works at
a coffee shop we can't say the name cuz
he does want to get fired so he's gonna
be making us some crazy drinks today do
you have anything like in store for me
this is turning into a very awkward date
and I love it guys look who it is
you just told me that I'm glad you're
wearing makeup still mean my life yeah I
said oh I'm doing day my life were you
wearing makeup okay you are thank God no
you asked me said thank god you're right
so what's your plan today my plan today
is to hopefully make it out alive cuz
these days I never know what to expect
with you Shane because you always seem
to almost ruin my life right here give
us like an impromptu song about today
I'm a little nervous because Shane ruins
my life every time we're here yeah yeah
nobody talking nobody clap for that okay
guys so these are all of our snacks that
they give us but I'm not allowed any
because I need to fit to my pants but
you love them I've taken big parts to
work on this day so I can just take all
this home girl oh you can't hear I can't
even tell I took it by the way by the
way you think it's me getting my makeup
done really she goes who you need to
pick that dress ha ha ha ha let me get
my mirror and then I picked this number
you got it ha ha ha oh I got some more
guys he's getting on my face yeah let me
pick that off one door opening guys we
are walking to the studio and they're
surprising us right now and I have no
idea oh my god look at the winter
wonderland all this fucking stockings
bitch they're the fucking blow-up Santa
oh my god
oh you're fucker okay guys we just
finished the first episode and oh my god
they surprised us with Farrah Abraham
like doing I can't even explain it
basically if you guys listen to the
podcast you know we were obsessed with
Farrah Abraham they flew her in here
laid her out on the table and she
recorded a crazy Christmas message in a
Santa slutty Santa suit for us here I'm
just going to show the clip I've decided
for the holidays you bitches are getting
nothing nothing not even call ho ho ho
there was can you believe that she laid
where we eat like her vagina right there
it was right there this is the best day
of my life okay guys we are doing the
show right now we're in the middle of it
it has been everything I made a contract
because I do not want Tara to turn it to
one of these fans who just randomly
leaves me because that happened a lot
actually know what you read it it says
this is a contract between Sammy Tara
and Shane y'all Sydney will always be a
super fan of Shane until one of them
died I'm gonna kill her and make her
hashtagged a girl and then we signed it
with our spit mom what do you think I
think you should come home with us oh
okay so we just finished the podcast and
we might have kissed how did it feel
honestly you were the best kisser ever
had to say right in front of your mom
how many of the best kiss your mom's
ever had are you painful together yes
damn it
guys it's all happening we gotta yeah
oh are you scared I'm low scared
honestly yeah we've had beef I don't
remember yes I saw in the comments give
me your leg after all that Yugi doesn't
friends sound like what I did wake up
though we did have Min Ah we're gonna
talk about we also have dilling partner
whom you guys know I've been talked
about for so long yeah are you gonna
sing a new song I'm gonna sing a new
song ah alright Dawn's here he's taking
requests we're about to start the show
but before we do can you give me again
yeah that's the bitch
big
you guys I wasn't kidding who know dare
talk dead sound Adam yes I'm home and I
think Ryan's coming over have some
dinner and talk about our days and then
we're gonna do some tricks ready
sit down down down
no that's shake baby you're fucking it
all up shake yeah bitch I'm shook okay
but seriously down oh oh yay head down
oh you got it it only cost thousands of
dollars to teach in that shit look bang
hey I got out my god hi guys we're just
eating dinner
you're not eating dinner here hey he ate
before I uh you gonna wait for me no
babe give him a bone just call the dog
babe Hey
how was your day overjoyed we should
actually this is real wait hold on
just pretend like it's not even you are
competing my fake food how's your day
second quicker we wrapped our season of
clutter now and go 90 what are they
paying you to come on
so DePalma I've never even watched it
that's the purge mm-hmm what was that
is it the urge I bet some of your
fucking bug ready okay if it was the
purge though like who's one person you
kill I got mine there's really something
up there's actually a dead there's a
situation
outside we might be dead oh my god like
we're gonna die on camera and then
that's gonna be a day of my life my the
last day of my life that's the new title
this is not the last sad thumbnail okay
dad
oh no do you think there's an actual
purge going on outside no Fox now fucks
it all who would you kill what if I was
like you ha ha ha all right guys that's
the end of the night I hope you enjoyed
today's day and a life
leave a comment letting me know what you
guys did today I hope we were good
because my mom said she watches these
what my mom filled rubato sir your mom
watches the day in my life and actually
hug around the people in my family
that's terrified I also give this video
a thumbs up if you want more days of my
life and subscribe down below because I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to see my other day of my life
video I'll put the link at the top of
the description below is there anything
else you want to say bye yes I am can
you imagine if the order to be done then
this showed up hi Pizza Hut yes there's
an elephant in my pizza Oh animal
control that's what I call okay
