hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be doing more dumb life hacks
because I'm dumb and I need a life so
these ones are way dumber than usual
some of them I even considered not doing
because I was like oh this is gonna make
me look insane and this is coming from a
guy who lit his dog shit on fire oh god
oh god yeah I did that where's my Teen
Choice Award Oh total sidenote I'm
fucking nominated for a People's Choice
Award I don't know why I don't make my
videos for people I make them for trash
bags and it's not the trash choice word
so I'm very confused
anyways being of trash our first life
hack is probably my favorite because it
involves making your own hat which I
have to do because my head is too big
for any hat in a store and this hat is
made out of something that I always have
around the house and empty large pizza
box thank you no thank you
you've really been there for me and just
filled up that emptiness inside oh if
this pizza box could talk you know what
it's saying oh he won't stop licking my
insides trying to get up all the pizza
grease ha ha we have fun ok so you take
this box and then take a butcher knife
and you end your life and you say thank
you thanks for watching no you take the
knife and you create a hole and then you
put it on your head it sounds easy
I'll fuck it out okay so first that's
not working will you shut up we're
trying to craft okay you know what we're
gonna use scissors because um I joke a
lot about dying but I don't really want
to die today
the psychic twins that I'm going to live
at least another year so here we go okay
huge huge yeah okay so I have the whole
I think you just put on your head I
don't know like I guess you just put on
your head and fucking serve the gods
surf the gods
pizza here we go oh my god oh wait no no
wait I think it supposed to kind of hole
on the other side too
hold on this is gonna be great okay
there we go so hi can you imagine if the
order to feed send them this showed up
hi Pizza Hut yes there's an elephant in
my pizza Oh animal control that's what I
call okay thanks all right so I guess
you just put it like this oh Heller
this is
haha oh my god fucking bought the
hangers oh my god
this is everything first of all it
protects you from the Sun not that I
ever go out of it
second of all is it raining I couldn't
tell actually I would cuz rain would
destroy this box this is fun fashion oh
my god does that look crazy what are we
doing oh yeah being fucking fashion wait
let's see what this looks like like full
body oh my god bitch who bitch thank you
more like you're welcome
oh my god just walking past you in the
mall like where's it forever 21 what
about your man excuse me bitch trying to
get lit oh my god and then if you turn
it this way fucking head piece fucking
hot slash necklace slash food catcher
flush toilet Halloween costume I'm
giving you all the hacks yeah what else
can we do with this oh my god giving you
shelter bitch giving you shoulder blades
I put this around my waist but we're
gonna need a bigger hole we actually
hold on oh my god bitch are you ready
for the reveal Hitler you just fucking
drop it low like oh okay well daddy's
like good looking baby that what and
that's what you call gym inspiration who
else wants to go okay so it wouldn't be
a life hack video if we didn't try to
burn my house down and today we do that
by using nail polish now middle polish
supposedly is dangerously flammable like
if you go and get your nails done and
then you try to smoke a cigarette
you're dead so obviously I'm going to
dump this entire thing of nail balls
into this bucket and light it on fire
okay this one is very stupid and I'm
actually kind of nervous also this is
very flammable to butcher so this is
gonna be real bad let's do it by the way
I kind of love this color right like
it's kind of everything like maybe the
flame will be colorful okay some reason
it's not coming out oh I got the smell
oh my god wait
I feel like lighting this is actually
gonna create a few that's gonna kill me
and my dog like I'm okay with me dying
bucket dog I don't want that
they left in here oh yeah hey God okay
here we go
so I was gonna use a lighter but I feel
like that's really dangerous so instead
I'm just gonna use matches
scientifically I'll only get matters I
think it's all pretty dangerous and I
think I'm gonna die either way so happy
holidays okay so I think I'm going to
test it on decide cuz there's like a
little bit of nail polish on the side
cuz I feel like I just throw a match
into this like actual bomb like this
would kill the worked here we go
oh my god camels here I'm just gonna put
it close to it oh god oh god it's
happening
wow that's kind of pretty oh wait is it
that nail polish on fire or is it just
my Tupperware it might just be my super
oh that's the nail polish my oh shit oh
it's dripping her okay okay
okay any water oh god oh god oh god oh
god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh god a fire oh my god oh my god
I just have to pee
okay we're never doing that again I am
I'm done with fire hats oh my god
oh my god I don't know if you could like
really see that or if it came across on
camera but the the noise he was making
was like like a fucking demon and then
the fucking pain started dripping into
the fucking thing and if not be able to
dripped it into the fucking thing bitch
you tripping fucking bitch out and
ripping alrighty
cuz that thing would have blown up and
then there's alcohol back there I almost
just blew down my house oh my god but I
survived and now it's time to put a
birthday cake in a waffle iron
thank god it's your back oh no kids at
home please don't do that please don't
do that this was a warning this has been
a warranty and the smell is actually
making me want to throw up
so life hacked alright so yes you heard
me right we were going to be putting a
birthday hay in a waffle iron because I
just wanted to
there was no hack about this on the
internet I just thought like won't be
good in a waffle iron I was like bitch
Oh hope ur okay fucking squash it down
into the size of a waffle that's gonna
make your birthday party the best
birthday party ever
or it's gonna make your birthday party
better because nobody showed up and then
your mom's gonna be like are you really
lock aligning a birthday cake and your
mom nobody showed up to my party let me
fucking do whatever I want right now
even if it's sad and then your mom goes
I only showed up because I had now I
kind of feel like should we just do a
slice of the cake or should we do the
whole cake I don't think the whole cake
will fit in there let's just start this
life me before I eat an entire cake oh
my god fucking smell oh fuck
oh my god oh I love that it's like a
birthday cake but that has like funeral
flowers on top which is kind of my feel
on birthdays you know slowly dying
alright so let's take a slice oh that's
going to look like oh I hope it's
funfetti oh stick here we go bitch keep
on said he gave me funfetti okay she's a
basic white bitch but we're not mad at
it right now let's put her in this
corner close her up oh my god can you
see that already fucking happening Oh oh
my god the smell coming out of this
mixed with the smell of that nail polish
oh I'm starving and think I might need
to go to the hospital
but first let's eat okay you ready it's
been in here for a few seconds let's see
how it's looking oh my god oh my god oh
my God look at that look at fucking
birthday cake waffle fuck
oh we're gonna squish her down we got
squish her down if that's not like a
sexual phrase it should be oh my god you
hear that sizzle you're that birthday
sizzle oh look at that birthday smoke oh
my god oh my god I just created a
masterpiece oh my god okay okay fuck
fuck fuck
okay we're getting a plate we're gonna
wedge okay I'm getting my zebra plate
because this is a special occasion and
sassy zebra loves birthdays my presence
is your present cozy but so sassy and so
cheap okay here we go oh my god oh my
god this looks amazing
oh fuck oh my God look at that look at
this oh my god look at that little
fucking waffle piece right there bitch
you see that of course I see you just
right on my eyes
okay sassy zebra enough I'm sorry I use
my sassiness as a defense mechanism
I'm actually really depressed I don't
know who my family is I don't really
have any friends sometimes I wish it
line would come around and just take me
out of my misery
anyways let's see here we go let's get
our little plate of waffle birthday this
feels amazing oh my god I fucking just
created something you're gonna see this
I'm like BuzzFeed and my diners
drive-ins and dives skype Yeti is
fuck this and it's my fault okay here we
go oh my god oh my god do this do this
do this do this now make this a trend
guys start this this is like crunchy and
sweet and soft and the fucking birthday
flavor I don't know birthday is a flavor
like if my birthday's were flavor it
would be yuck
but like in general I do love birthdays
oh but the sugar is i crusted over this
is fucking incredible this might be the
best thing we've ever made a waffle iron
although we've only ever waffle irons
like toys and iPhones and dildos so not
that much competition but it's still hot
okay so next this is really a life hack
it's more of like a weird product I
bought that I just want to play with but
I guess it just kind of a hack because
it makes snapchatting easier no it makes
it more complicated and more stupid snap
goggles are way snap spectacles are way
waste of money really expensive so these
are snap spectacles this is not
sponsored I fucking paid for these I
literally got them on eBay and it was
very expensive and then the guy was like
I don't feel like shipping his to you
can I just drop them off at your house
and I was like give a stranger my money
and my address okay well he showed up
and didn't murder me and gave me these
so it comes in this little box with this
like an unboxing unboxing music look at
this beautiful little box it's so easy
to carry around nobody's going to
question what that is just looks like a
normal everyday thing you would hold
then when you open it up out pops these
hideous glasses that look so stupid but
it's okay because you're a social media
star and you don't care what people
think
and then supposedly you press this
button and it records everything you do
oh god once again this could potentially
be something that the government is
using to watch everything we do but
there's probably fun puppy filters so
let's do it okay so I guess how it works
is you take your snapchat you open it up
and then you go to like your little
ghost face thing of the wait I don't
pressing the bottom you paranoid turn
the shit on these are so ugly like why
didn't they try to make the quick
sunglasses why do they make them look
like
those annoying kids at Disneyland whose
parents spent way too much money on crap
wait why isn't this working
ah did this guy give me fake ones this
is stranger that I've never met before
should never trust take my money and
give me something fake but we know
they're working week they're lining up
kind of wait what's happening
Oh Oh looking for spectacles it's
working okay keep looking directly at
the snapcode okay I'm looking tribal New
York owed 12 inches away from your face
I'm doing that oh wait I think it's
working
how not stupid do I look good you know
Jamaican public and just like hold on
guys got it snap hold on I'm trying to
configure my speculation oh wait
spectacle sound man here we go
spectacles that's too close to testicles
yeah I mean come on snatch up you
already have little kids sending nudes
do you really need something that sounds
like testicles oh my god how easy is it
dick pic though this says it's working
the do I just press buttons okay hold on
I'm gonna press a button I'm gonna throw
something woo look at oh that's not
obvious like Shane what are you doing
nothing
are you filming me no course not
these are just accessories gotta make
lairs and there's your dick okay wait
it's working did it oh it's my phone
fucking technology interesting let me
like run around my house really quick or
something I don't know and wrong okay
see if it worked oh my god it's working
wow I like this Sam maybe I shouldn't be
using this just proving outside my
office no you know I'm gonna use these
fuck it I'm gonna show you my crazy life
cut to me in line to pull a ten times a
day and that's it okay so this light
pack actually made me laugh out loud
it's really stupid
hold on so this is where you take your
laptop and you put up like a picture
like a beach or like somewhere exotic
I mean
take your fingers and you take your
phone and you can literally take a
picture I make it look like your legs
are on the beach I know sounds confusing
let me do it gel you okay so I'm taking
a picture okay so I got the picture now
I'm just going to crop it add a filter
and oh my god look it looks like my leg
it looks like I'm laying on a beach also
my legs a gross accurate oh my god this
is everything I'm gonna use this all the
time to trick my friends bye my friends
I made my mom and my trick I mean prove
to her that I'd leave my house so she
stops were reading anyway thanks hi okay
so this last one I'm so excited about
because it involves my dog and it
involves torturing him so let's do it
basically what you do is you take one of
those beats pill speakers and then you
take like a dog sweater you put the
sweater on your dog you stuff the
speaker in him and then the speaker as
follows you wherever you go because you
know like when you're listening music
you like have to keep grabbing and
putting it where you are
well now the music will follow you while
let's tape to your dog's back and
holding him down and probably hurting
his spine let's go do it okay lil no
attempt to come out of your cage I swear
I'm not abusing him he's being crate
trained it's a thing google it he's only
in there when I clone videos because
it's dangerous now I don't want him to
actually get lit on fire by nail-polish
just a normal concern for a dad okay so
no let's put you in this cute little
sweater look how fucking fashionable my
dog is literally more fashionable than I
am oh my god fucking urban outfitter who
fucking forever canine bitch turning on
the beat let's just stuff that beat in
here oh my god so cute wait what should
I play and I've just made a noise I mean
I don't wanna get sued so let's play
some Shane Dawson Christmas music it's
almost Christmas Mon oh no oh perfect
he's gonna run away from my music he
hates it
it's like dad dad make it stop I hate it
oh my god dad it's trash it's trash dad
bye Joanne on iTunes Oh what's up my
father okay I know I get it
daddy sucks and you're bored ah fucking
drag me bitch you do look cute though
that's kind of everything what is that
it's not a condom do you get more ass
than I do guys go hopefully enjoy these
dumbass life hacks I'm really happy that
I didn't die today we got close if you
want me to do more life hack videos
please give me a thumbs up so I know it
subscribe right down below to my channel
because I make new videos everything and
if you want see my other life hack
videos I've literally done a thousand of
them I'll put a link to a playlist right
the top of description below alright you
look like hackers I will see you
tomorrow I look at this big just all I
want you to do is lick the tip oh I
don't mean to bite my dick hurt me
