I'm literally still a virgin so like I
can't be classified what's the farthest
you know I have tried like when I was
younger like 15 tried to do stuff with a
girl huh and like he did work hey what's
up you guys yes today we're going to be
doing some more conspiracy theories and
today we're going to start with what
everybody's been requesting and what I
have been researching like a fucking
crazy person and that is double drunk
conspiracies alright so we're going to
start with the theory that is probably
the most popular about Donald Trump and
the one that's honestly the most belief
that is that he is in the Illuminati
okay so obviously people think Donald
Trump's in the Illuminati because he's
powerful he's rich he's famous and now
he's president which nobody saw coming
people said there must have been
something else going on how did he get
elected well maybe it wasn't the people
that elected him maybe it was the other
members of the Illuminati so here are
just a few pieces of proof and evidence
to show that he really is so first is
the hand signal that he does all the
time so the hand signal I'm talking
about is this so we've talked about this
before jay-z and Beyonce duh missing
concerts and this symbolizes six six six
which is the sign of the devil and
Donald Trump has done this hand motion
in pretty much every speech on every
talk show he's ever been on and
literally every time he's in public so
that's not the only hand signal he's
done that shows that he has some
relation to the devil he also does this
a lot
so this v-shape symbol is another sign
of any more shape the devil there are
pictures that go back in history of
different devil worshipers doing that
sign guess who else does that sign
now I know a lot of people are thinking
no this could just be a coincidence but
this next hand signal that he does all
the time is really fucking creepy so
Donald has been seen in photograph doing
this numerous times now not you're
thinking Shane that's just the number
two yes it is but not in the way that he
uses it so what this means is the
opposite of this so this is the
universal sign for peace and what's the
opposite of peace and if there's
anything Donald Trump loves it is okay
so this next thing isn't really a theory
but I thought I would throw it in here
because it's fucking terrifying so as
you guys know Nostradamus has predicted
a bunch of things about the universe and
his predictions were made way back in
the 1500s and some historians are saying
that he predicted Donald Trump winning
the presidency and also that that will
be the start of the end of the world
okay so here is the quote from
Nostradamus the great shameless
audacious baller he will be elected
governor of the army the boldness of his
contention so obviously people think
that he is referring to Donald Trump and
he is referring to him winning
presidency Notre Thomas also said that
they were going to be three Antichrist
throughout history and the third one
would create to be ended and people
think that the first Antichrist was
Napoleon the second was Hitler and now
the third could be true now if you don't
know much about the Antichrist or the
Bible I'll give you a really quick
breakdown the Antichrist is basically a
guy that comes into power spreads a lot
of negativity a lot of hate gets a lot
of people on his side and then pretty
much goes to war and blows up the whole
world which is what happened in the
Bible and which is when mr. Thomas is
saying we'll have and with some of the
things Trump is said and also
fact that he's mentioned nuclear war I'm
just saying
okay so not only Nostradamus predicted
Donald Trump winning presidency the
Simpsons did too
now this one you've all seen going viral
these last couple weeks is fucking crazy
so in the year 2000 the Simpsons have an
episode where Donald Trump was the
president and there's literally moments
in that episode that happened in real
life now so here's a clip from The
Simpsons of Donald Trump going down the
escalator during their campaign check it
out now here's a clip of that same exact
thing happening 16 years later in real
life it literally is the same shot it's
crazy I know fucking crazy literally it
looks like the Simpsons version was made
after like they saw that happen and then
they just drew it because it was exact
now if your mind isn't blown yet just
watch the clip side by side now there is
a person on the top of the escalator
holding a sign and he drops it and it
happens in the cartoon and in real life
watch that's fucking crazy like how the
fuck does that like I can't even explain
that well also in that episode Donald
Trump believes the presidency and then
Lisa takes over as the first female
president and she looks a lot like
Hillary Clinton I do know we've
inherited quite a budget crunch for
president Trump so does that mean that's
gonna happen because the Simpsons have
predicted everything else but this isn't
the first time the Simpsons has done
this they've literally predicted so many
things that happened in an episode in
1995 there was a guy talking to his
watch that looked just like an Apple
watch then in one episode the crazy
scientist guy made like these hamburger
earmuffs which became a thing like ten
years later even I wore them
on a scarier note they also predicted
things like the Ebola virus in 1997 just
look at this picture of March holding up
a book that says the bola virus on it
and then look at this clip of Bart
holding a magazine that has a twin
towers on it and it says nine I don't
know I mean it sounds crazy but they've
literally predicted so many things maybe
the government should start watching The
Simpsons okay so getting away from Trump
and all event stuff
let's talk about something that I had no
idea was happening and then when I
learned about it I could not stop
falling down holes so we're going to
talk about chemtrails okay so if you
don't know what chemtrails are basically
it's a theory that the government is
flying planes over us and dropping off
chemicals or fumes or things in the air
that they're not telling us what it's
for but it could actually be hurting us
or fucking up our planet so if you guys
have ever walked outside and looked up
now you see like white strands in the
air like it looks like a plane just flew
by but then sometimes you see like two
strands going in an X shape or like five
strands or just like a whole sky full of
white strands well I always assumed oh
that's just like from the planes and
maybe planes are flying around a lot
today but why then when you look on a
normal commercial plane it doesn't let
out a huge fucking white line so what
kind of planes are doing that well the
theory is that the government is having
these planes drop dangerous chemicals
out of the sky in those white lines and
it could be causing psychological
manipulation it can be killing off weak
people kind of like population control
it can be making us sick or giving us
diseases because the biggest business in
the USA is medicine so if they want that
business to thrive they have to be sick
another theories that they're trying to
change the weather with these chemicals
basically none of its good and the
government hasn't talked about this at
all
and when people ask about it they say oh
it's just from planes it's just you know
smoke really then how come ever since it
started happening more and more people
in cancer more and more people are dying
more and more people are going fucking
crazy and more and more bad shit's
happening the world it's because we're
slowly getting our fucking voice
poisoned by this shit that's falling out
of the sky I know I sound crazy but let
me show you some more proof and evidence
that this could be real so there's a
woman named Rosalyn Peters she's the
president and co-founder of the
agriculture defense Coalition in
California so here is her in a big
meeting talking about what is going on
and how she thinks that there's some
shame she called one of the things that
is affected by climate change is
agriculture but some of what we are
seeing is man-made but man-made in a
different way than you may guess weather
modification programs experimental ones
done by private companies done by the
United States government done by states
across the United States are underway
there's more than 50 of them in
operation across the United States I
mean she sounds very smart and she's how
much she knows the fuck she's talking
about I mean just look at her here
really braving the shit down Rosalyn
Peterson sees chemtrails I designed this
poster as a jet contrail index to show
the different types of contrails that
people are seeing in the skies and these
different types of persistent contrails
I have questions about why these
formations why different dispersion
rates why do we have X's why do we have
long parallels with wisps coming up
these persisting parallels we have knots
on a rope what's actually going on I
know kind of makes sense when you see
people like her explain it and it's not
just scientists and specialists that
have come out and said that there's
something shady going on a lot of
celebrities have been talking about it
to just look at this interview from the
late prince where he brought it up on TV
check it out you know
when I was a kid I used to see these
trails in the sky all the time and so
that's cool a jet just went on and then
you started to see a whole bunch of and
the next thing you know everybody in
your neighborhood was fighting and
arguing and you didn't know why okay and
and you really didn't know why
I mean everybody was fight yeah so his
theory is that it actually can fuck up
your brain and make you act a certain
way maybe make people hate each other
maybe Star Wars I don't know I mean that
sounds kind of crazy but is it now next
celebrity that talked about this was
Kylie Jenner now I'm kind of surprised
by this I don't know that much about
Kylie Jenner but hearing about this
makes me really like her so she went on
Twitter and Instagram and pretty much
all her social medias and started
talking about the conspiracy and how she
thinks there's some shit going down just
look at this picture that she created
let's ask ourselves why do I see 75
plane spraying white stuff into the sky
on my 15-minute drive to work who pays
for this and why is it happening is
something being exterminated here is
that something me does this have
anything to do with why honeybees are
dying off really fast why are some days
normal with no plane spraying and other
days are like this who's responsible
what effect will this have on our health
in our children's future who the fuck
thought this was a good idea and am I
the only one who sees this no you are
not the only one that's been seeing this
a lot of people have and now I am saying
it too I literally went outside today
and I looked up and I saw like four and
I was just like why the fuck is it four
I don't know but I really / wrong okay
so this next conspiracy it's kind of
dumb but the more read it the more I was
like oh this is kind of fucked up this
is actually kind of true okay so the
theory is ador the Explorer is mentally
challenged and schizophrenic okay so
let's start with the mentally challenged
part so a lot of people think she has
Down syndrome and hydrocephalus which is
a buildup of fluid in the brain which
causes the head to be bigger than usual
and if you look at Dora it definitely
has a bigger head than usual she also
speaks three times louder than pretty
much everybody else in the show and she
obviously has ADHD because she literally
can't remember anything she's all
asking them out things like five times
and she's constantly distracted also
theorists think that the monkey a friend
is actually her guidance monkey kind of
like how people have you know a dog to
help them walk around if they're blind
she also wears a yellow bracelet that
some people think is a tracking device
so she doesn't get lost and they also
think she has schizophrenia because
she's constantly talking to an audience
that's not there I know it sounds crazy
but honestly when you think about her
being schizophrenic and you like watch
it this clip it's kind of interesting
what's your name what's your name I know
the whole thing is crazy and stupid but
after I heard all of those conspiracies
I like tried to watch an episode and
freaked me out too much I was like oh my
god what if that's what this show really
is it's about this girl was like lost
and she has brain damage and she's
talking to herself like it definitely
put the show in a different perspective
but it's definitely probably not true
but this next kid show theory is not
that funny and actually very disturbing
so if you haven't heard of it there's a
show on Nickelodeon called Bella and the
Bulldogs now the theory is that this
show is secretly about the cuckold fish
so an example of cuckold if you don't
know what it is basically when like big
black guys are having sex with white
women in front of they're like nerdy
white husbands it's a pretty big fetish
one of the biggest terms in porn right
now and you're probably thinking how
does that kind of porn have anything to
do with a Nickelodeon show and that's
where it gets weird so the man who wrote
Bella and the Bulldogs Jonathan Butler
also wrote a softcore porn called the
cuckold and supposedly there's a lot of
themes in that movie that are also in
belying bulldogs so in the porn videos
the black man who's having sex with the
white wife is referred to as the bowl
and what is the show called Bella and
the Bulldogs also the show has a lot of
references to bowls which is weird
because the mascot is a bulldog which is
potable but there's one episode where
Bella is blind
and led into a basement where she has to
slap a bowl there's also a scene where
Bella is tied to a chair while a man is
standing next to her which is literally
just like what happened in the guy's
movie the couple look at the pictures
side-by-side so in the show there's this
nerdy white boy who is in love with
Bella but Bella is in love with the
athletic african-american kid and
throughout the series the nerdy white
boy is getting humiliated constantly and
then Troy african-american kid always
comes out on top and always looks kind
of like the cool buff guy which is
literally what happens in the couple
horns and in the cult movie also there's
just random little things like in the
show that you can catch for example you
can see this boy jumping onto a Froyo
machine and picking between chocolate
vanilla and deciding to go with the
swirl also there's a scene where you see
Bella and then african-american teacher
and then behind them is a poster of a
white baby with the big red X over it
there's just a lot of things in the show
that kind of mirror that kind of pour
and here's the thing people are mad
saying like oh it's weird that this
white girl has a black boyfriend like
that's not the thing it's not like a
racist thing if anything I think it's
great that the lead character on that
show is black and he's with a white girl
I think that's fuckin awesome what's
weird is that the guy who wrote it one
of his only other credits is a porn
about black guy who fucks white girl in
front of her nerdy husband and it's a
fetish I don't know he's got a fucking
way too much to be printed it's well
this started to go viral and then the
writer came out on Facebook and posted
this hi kids great news Nickelodeon's
Nick logo is changing to kink look out
for new shows like spongebob latex pants
and sub boy and dahm dahm with a picture
of a logo that says kink now if you
don't know cake is another sexual fetish
term to the porn world now this post was
deleted pretty much right afterward
which makes me wonder if it's even real
it could be fake but obviously the
writer has a sense of humor about this
and thinks it's all stupid and maybe it
is all stupid and maybe it is all
coincidences but it wouldn't be
surprising I mean you guys have watched
my videos from
we have talked about some kid shows that
have some really fucked up dark meanings
to them okay so the last conspiracy I'm
going to leave with you is really going
to fuck with your mind and I want to
know your thoughts on in the comments so
this is called the last Thursday Theory
so basically the theory is that the
entire universe was created last
Thursday every memory you have every
person you know every event that's ever
happened was created last Thursday so
the theory isn't saying that it
literally was created last Thursday it
just means it was created not that long
ago maybe a week so I know what you're
thinking Shane that doesn't make sense
like I have all my memories like I
remember getting my first dog according
to prom or driving for the first time
but think about it this way people say
like oh how do you know God exists you
can't touch him you can't like see him
well how do you know those memories
exists you can't touch them yeah you can
watch a video of it what if that video
was just created what if the universe
just created everything I mean think
about it this way in the future for sure
there's going to be ways to implant
memories into people's heads and to make
people remember certain things to forget
certain things what if some thing
created this universe and implanted all
of our heads with all of these memories
all of these events all of these things
and the universe just started last
Thursday I know that one's fucking crazy
and I don't even know if I can wrap my
head around it it's literally too much
to process but I also kind of like the
idea of it I like thinking that maybe
everything just started and you're just
starting right now I don't let me know
what you guys think down the comments
well there you guys go that was another
conspiracy theory video hopefully you
enjoyed that hopefully fuck with you
Brian if you want more experience into
your videos please give me a thumbs up
so I know and subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see all my other conspiracy theory
videos I a lot of them I'll put a link
to a playlist right at the top of
description below thank you guys I will
see you little theorists tomorrow so
then I went on the internet and I was
like what are celebrities favorite foods
and then when I found it I was like the
fuck celebrities are trashy er than us I
coming from me trash can
