hey guys you just finished a podcast
with chubby Ron and Brees the Bryan and
just it was so much fun we talked to
Trevor about everything we talked to him
about exposing X Factor we talked to him
about sex his tinder account we talked
to him about everything dad really is
good
hey yeah we did and then Bryan made his
frappuccinos they were everything
pumpkin spice we have pumpkin spiced
foods it's honestly such a good episode
and you guys need to go listen
soundcloud.com / Jana friends and I'll
put the links down there for the full
screen app are you excited yeah that's a
big I think yes first of all I just want
to say I was so excited about this video
cuz I like Dan you know what I'm gonna
do a video about crazy celebrity
favorite foods I want some bougie fancy
weird-ass shit I want to fly in food
from like other countries I'm gonna go
to a fancy ass restaurant in my fucking
gross ass shirt my fucking gym shorts
and my not washed hair and say hi I'll
take the most expensive thing on the
menu and when they look at me and say
you can't afford it I'll be like bitch
I'm famous and then they'll say bitch
who like who are you bitch you are a
homeless gay person wearing a shirt that
is promoting a fucking trampoline park
get out and you're wearing shoes with
zippers on them I'm actually wearing
shoes that have a fucking zipper because
I'm that lazy so then I went on the
internet and I was like what are
celebrities favorite foods and then when
I found it I was like the fuck
celebrities are trashy er than us and
that's coming from me
trash cake
fucking when I walk through the door
like everybody like hail to the trash
King they throw banana peels at him they
give him a crown made out of dog poo
bags and even I would not go this far in
the trashiest department so if you
thought this video is gonna be delicious
yes not wrong all right I'm gonna start
with Kylie Jenner where do I start
no I'm not gonna read the bitch I'm
gonna eat the bitch me if I was in a
porn about librarians okay so this is a
special concoction but Kylie Jenner
tweeted about Instagram to up
snapchatted about she was so proud of
this that she needed a tow the whole
world this is the cup noodles which by
the way it's always been cup though
noodles mantle effect bitch and then she
puts garlic powder butter and a whole
egg and then she heats it up and it
makes this I would be honest I haven't
had a cup of noodles since I was a
welfare so like just the smell of it is
taking me that like if I hear a door
knock I'm hiding under my bed I'm saying
mom their hair oh you know just little
things to happen when you don't pay your
bills I'm not gonna lie I'm actually
very intrigued let me show you what this
looks like you can see the a you can see
the noodles you can see the heartbreak
from the people who eat this on a daily
basis like this is not a food that you
were like damn I wanna cut noodles right
now this is a food where people are like
damn we have a cup of noodles right now
all right mom is dad ever coming home no
okay does God exist mama why you
laughing my god how dark life gets when
you need this alright so let's take a
bite oh my god by the way that would be
the worst leg hashtag spot
couple of noodles want to kill yourself
oh just grab a cup here we go
take a big old bite see bite oh I cannot
imagine Kylie eating this I also can't
imagine Kylie shitting like I can
imagine everybody shitting that the fun
of her shitting is confusing to me like
where does it come at oh like that mouth
is an asshole you know I mean that's a
gaping booty hope I've ever seen one
whoa ah okay so I now believe that Kylie
has never had any lip injections I think
all the sodium and salt from the shit
she's eating is just code or face cuz
this is the saltiest thing I've ever had
how do Kardashians eat this I don't
understand I see pictures they're all
skinny with big asses big faces but they
all have fucking ABS like if I were to
eat this you know I'd have a big ass a
big face and a big ass stomach so
basically me right now also their logo
is much more than a suit yeah bitch it's
a cry for help
hahaha it's a suicide note alright next
word all right this next bitch this next
bitch needs to get kicked out of
Hollywood for what she just made this is
Jennifer Lawrence's favorite food a
pizza spaghetti chili sandwich bitch you
an Oscar I hope that Oscar is right next
to your toilet so you can see it all the
time because there's no way you are not
in the bathroom 24/7 when you are eating
this I think she's lying I think this is
her trying to be relatable because she's
like you know rich and famous and trying
to relate to us commoners here we go we
would you try that do I pick it up like
a sandwich I don't know how to do this
Jennifer help okay here we go oh oh this
looks like some heavyweight shit you're
Xena moving all those fat kids are
combining all the foods and fucking
making big old weird Kate it's out of
candy Lee oh you got the peaks
you got the sprees what are the fuck
those were you have the M&Ms you got
Gladys bitch you're out at all I am
heavyweights Mandel effect all right
here we go
stick a bite oh wow
Oh Jennifer oh my god listen Jennifer I
didn't see joy cuz I never late to the
title but bitch this is giving me
so much joy I didn't see American hustle
but this is gonna make me hustle to the
toilet to get rid of it this is going to
destroy my ass
my ass is gonna win an Oscar for best
dramatic performance there will be tears
bitch this is crazy it's so good though
it's like oh the pizza is like crunchy
this is pizza heaven and then the
spaghetti is like slimy that Chef
Boyardee by the way and then I got this
chili I don't even know where I got that
chili I don't know whatever all of it
together make this fucking a beautiful
gross mess that's my perfume line and it
smells like this oh good job Jennifer
God why are you so fucking perfect oh my
god I'm so mad at Jennifer who my
shailene woodley I'm just kidding I
don't even know who that really is let's
try to start beef okay next food also
really quick I know I look really bad
today uh every day but today especially
because they fucking turned off my water
heater for some reason so I couldn't
take a shower
god I'm so famous okay next week okay so
next we have two foods for one celebrity
and that celebrity is Selena Gomez not
her first favorite food that all foods
in the world is fucking pickles you know
yeah pickles now listen I am NOT gonna
drag a bitch with lupus she had probably
too much she is currently in rehab so
I'm not going to drag the bitch but
pickles listen when you get out of rehab
when you're all fresh minded and ready
to conquer the world
step one talk to your friends and family
and apologize for all the things you
don't know step two find a higher power
in Washington step three get rid of all
the people in your life that have drugs
around you step 4 throw away the fucking
jar of pickles bitch cuz nobody wants
damn Selena
I would rather you do drugs many bigots
also I hate this bird I hated their
fucking mascot
he's scary look at him with that big-ass
beak and that fucking creepy ass hat I
don't trust it all right let's try one
of these I mean I know what they taste
like
not good Oh
and of defeat oh the fucking smell Oh
oh my god ok here we go alright alright
we're gonna pull out this that's a big
fucking pickle that's a huge but why is
it so big the girth enos of this pickle
I'm relating to a lot all right here we
go
take a big ol buy ah no surprise I
fucking hate it I had this girl in my
class I don't remember her name nobody
did she was one of those creepy girls
that would like draw on her notebook and
then when the teacher be like let me see
that it would just be a picture of the
teacher gutted she was a girl who could
call to the office like five times a day
because of a family emergency and then
she'd come back with like a little bit
of blood on her shirt really confusing
well she would come to school every day
with a jar of pickle juice and a straw
and you don't happen to that girl I
don't know
no one does cuz nobody looks around cuz
she was fucking creepy
so next vote now this Selina is right
for I have never heard of this
combination before this girl loves to
combine corn dogs and syrup I've never
thought about that but that's fucking
genius corn dogs are like sweet cuz it's
like cornbread and then you got the
syrup which is sweet like it's a pancake
hey Selina we got a rehab you need to
open up the restaurant maybe that's what
she should do maybe that's a nice career
move I'll start on this side no I know
I'm making a lot of jokes about it but
free how is something we should really
joke around yeah about making jokes
about it but um I think it takes a lot
of strength and courage to actually go
to rehab especially with your famous cuz
everybody knows that you're doing it and
more power to her I've always liked
Selina but let's continue to drag the
bitch okay so let's try this I got mrs.
buttersworth because I love seeing the
syrup come out of her stupid fucking
head and I love the thought of her
screaming as it happens so you know what
let's actually take the top off I want
to see her guts really pour out okay
here we go oh my god oh my god
family Oh granddad oh hello I guess my
grand more ha ha oh I love murder
sweet sweet murder alright so now let's
take this corndog and dunk it in this
huge cup full of syrup this is my
fucking dream come true that in honey
boo boo becoming a pop star I just want
to see that
alright here we go Oh God oh my god you
see that you see how she is just jumped
all right 1 2 3 oh my god oh that was
beautiful
oh my god oh my god I'm fucking ready
for this okay you guys ready for this oh
my god oh my god Oh
Justin the fuck is wrong with you why
would you leave this girl she's dipping
corndogs in maple syrup you know what
that means
bitch is crazy but bitch was a crazy
genius cuz this is amazing oh my god
just imagine like what other crazy shit
she could come up with
now something tells me she created this
under the influence of a lot of weed and
I am here for it wheat legal now
Selena keep smoking it and keep coming
up with these concoctions oh my god oh
this is amazing and something about it
just feels real good
I got just love dipping dipping dipping
drip in huh sipping wait did you trippin
bitch you driven bitch you slippin bitch
you sippin oh one day I'm gonna run out
of catchphrases nah just kidding did you
chip in Oh
alright now this next food is very
confusing
this is Channing Tatum's favorite food
which like you would think will be
something really healthy something like
organic like he's only taking a shirt
off he's always stripping she's trippin
they never cook again but this food
supposedly is his favorite and it's
fucked this is a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich with Cheetos in it huh now
Channing I'm all about combining weird s
foods I'm all about being gross but this
is too far
the texture of bread mixed with peanut
butter and jelly mix with cheeto that's
almost as gross as me starring a Magic
Mike don't think about it alright let's
cut into this which bitch you wish you
know
all right let's see if we can Oh Oh Sam
Oh all right here we go oh my god oh no
all right here we go why is that good
I'm confused it's so good oh my god for
some reason the combination of flavors
like fucking kills it the crunchiness of
the cheeto for some reason worse with
this sandwich it tastes like a sweet
salty just fucking miracle
why chanting what the fuck is wrong with
you why are you such a genius like I
knew Channing was crazy
I saw him randomly in public and he was
dressed in a vest a top hat and clown
shoes and he was not working he was just
working and I was like oh damn that
motherfuckers crazy but then I tasted
this and I'm like but if a guy's a crazy
genius you want my dog can you imagine
how I toasted this bitch you toasted oh
or I put this like in the microwave for
just like a few seconds and let it all
like melt together
Oh Selena hurry get out of rehab they
don't love it I'll be waiting at the
exit door for you with this doesn't move
on before I fucked that's it
okay before I get to a really weird one
I'm gonna go through two of these very
fast
first Justin Bieber's favorite food is
spaghetti bolognese I don't know how to
pronounce that but I think it means
spaghetti meatballs and I don't need to
try this like I know what this is gonna
taste like but I also feel like Justin
is lying
I feel like Justin like hunts zebras or
like honestly unicorns he finds animals
that like we didn't even know fucking
existed and then he hunts them for fun
chops up their fucking heads takes their
blood and like makes a scissor up out of
it and then like eats the whole animal
with his boys buy something bougie and
weird not fucking spaghetti I don't
believe it and then the song a food I'm
gonna do real quick is Ed Sheeran's
favorite which is motherfucking fish
dicks listen Ed I love you I or some
reason want to fuck you but you know who
doesn't want to fuck you Taylor Swift
and you know why she doesn't want to
fuck you cuz you eat fish sticks bitch
who does that
fish sticks when's your rich like the
fish sticks are in the cup of noodles
category like this is the last fucking
option like it's either a fish stick or
you're eating that cockroach under your
mama's hot you like that
how fucking low in life you gotta be to
be like damn fish tastes like when I
bought these aroused the woman checking
me out said oh here I have extra coupons
oh and extra Ralph's carton oh here's my
number if you ever just need to talk she
practically started a charity for me but
that being said I fucking love this shit
oh we're so good okay
last but not least this is crazy Mariah
Carey does something called the purple
diet where she only eats purple foods so
I googled it and most purple foods are
like fruits vegetables things that I
don't want to eat and then I thought a
little bit of a loophole staff what's
for dinner
Oh miss Mariah we have eggplants and
grapes hmm I think we'd have a Big Mac
ma'am that's not purple it is now bitch
yes the perfect diet just spray
everything purple I mean this burger is
so healthy so luxurious and scent is
purple I'm guaranteed to lose weight
just like Mariah and I know you're
thinking Shane only an actual crazy
person would eat that well me and Mariah
just two crazy bitches with disorders oh
the extra chemicals just make it even
better
bye guys go hopefully you enjoyed
watching me eat weird celebrity favorite
foods and galaxies my hands which I will
never get off because I can't shower
once again I'm very famous as you guys
if you want me to do more celebrity food
videos give me a thumbs up so I know hit
subscribe mention right now because I
make new videos every day and if you
want to see other videos of me trying
really expensive foods or famous
Instagram foods or other random foods
I'll put a link to a playlist for a
tougher description alright you purple
big max I will see you tomorrow
okay me when I look at my hate comments
okay but actually fucking me 20% off
well that's that okay when you post that
hottest fucking pictures of you on that
sexy ass dress and all your haters are
like
