hey what's up guys my name is des curry
welcome back to you what the fuck five
my beard is growing in nicely as you can
see my girlfriend's just informed me
that I look like a quote sexy lumberjack
I don't know if that's a good thing but
apparently that's what I look like
anyways for today's topic sex is
supposed to be enjoyable unless it's
with me then it's a whole lot of this ah
is that good just let's just lift my leg
like this like this that's no that's my
face huh oh wow yeah okay oh it's almost
okay ow
Oh oh yeah hold that is that it no I'm
over here you're having sex with my
sweater oh sorry yeah but for most
people sex is apparently the shit but
for days let's we count down five people
who unfortunately died while having it
so number one of the list catching your
significant other in the act of cheating
on you is one of the worst things that
you can endure but imagine catching your
significant other to act of cheating on
you with a horse for circus animal
trainer Hannibal cantore
this actually happened after catching
his wife in the act he strangled her to
death and then killed himself and I
don't usually endorse the idea of
suicide but I don't know how you could
go on living knowing that in your brain
you saw your wife getting reamed by a
giant horse dick so who knows exactly
why she did it maybe Hannibal's Weiner
was just not up to snuff maybe she has a
fetish for Trace Cyrus for metro station
or Sarah Jessica Parker and this was
just the second best thing but whatever
the case while I can't show you a
picture of anything graphic in this
story here's a picture of a horse that
Fisk and Tory hopefully did not have sex
with oh no that's still Sarah Jessica
Parker my dad number two some people are
into some pretty kinky shit after
Pennsylvania woman was killed in 2008
her husband claimed that she was shocked
by a hair dryer but later changed his
story in a statement they too were into
electric shock sex and something went
wrong when he attached electric nipple
clamps to her in case you're wondering
what those look like there you go sadly
while the woman did dive in this
incident the husband despite his
apparent honesty into their weird sex
lies still got sentenced to 20 years in
jail for involuntary manslaughter that's
what happens when you get older and you
forget your fucking safe word guys got
to remember that shit also though it was
shit like this how do you tell the
difference between good screams and bad
screams oh my god are you okay
I just stopped by one came oh okay
shit number three having a romp in this
secluded part of the woods or in the
backseat of a car can really spice up
your love life unfortunately for the two
in this story things didn't turn out so
well as when the man was spearing the
bearded clam near some train tracks
apparently didn't hear the train coming
over his lovers bones and she got
decapitated talk about giving someone
head that may have been one of the
ugliest faces I've ever made and one of
the worst jokes anyway not the only one
wondering in this story if the man
finished or not or no also why a train
track on one hand yep
rocks digging in your ass and then you
have fucking splinters breaking off in
your pussy hole like none of that
experience sounds good to me after the
incident the train company issued a
warning to the public sink well they are
citizens wash our railways ask yep again
for you to respect our safety rules
really bad Russian accent but I'm
practicing two hours before this fucking
video so you're gonna have to deal with
it well so I love how they say yet again
like how many fucking times this has
happened Todd there's a seven people
having an orgy on our train tracks again
oh come what the fuck not again hey get
out come on get that stop sir get out of
the woman in weed all of you need to
leave ah man number four the President
of France in 1899 apparently had died
from a stroke which while technically
true the actual reports of his death
were later reported as it so happens he
was apparently getting a dope blowjob in
his Presidential Suite from his
assistant there was a barely so fucking
dank he literally died his official
cause of death was over stimulation as
his body could just not process the
intense pleasure he was receiving as
some of you probably know dudes make
really weird noises when they're in
pleasure sort of a mix between in angry
Buffalo and an unfriendly rhino
pretty much like oh so telling the
difference between that and a guy
choking to death because your head game
is too strong was probably really
difficult and I make this story even
worse apparently his death made the
woman going to shock and suffer from
lockjaw
so his dead stiff dongle had to be
surgically removed from her mouth oh god
why finally number five
year-old Croatian man makes it on this
list after he was negotiating sex with a
30 year old prostitute for oral sex
which he apparently got down to six
dollars must have gotten a senior
discount for something it was apparently
so excited from his bargaining triumph
that as she was pulling down his pants
he literally died yay okay how do you
die from that nothing even happened he
just died from excitement I am so
excited I haven't gotten a mouth ride
since my first wife died a mouth rot
yeah that's what we called them back in
1820 back when my dick didn't like a
gross close-up picture of Squidward nose
on the bright side not only does this
woman have insane bragging rights now
I've been now to literally fuck guys to
death but she can probably up her price
from fucking six dollars now hey baby
how much $14,000 an hour a what that's
crazy I'll have you know that my last
client literally dropped dead because
I'm so good I'll take an hour please
anyway as that is it for this episode of
what the five five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it and if you did make sure to
give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more every
single week also let me know in the
comments down below the worst thing
that's ever happened to you in DX my mom
actually walked in on me once it was
real bad two hours later she walked in
and told me that she was surprised it
wasn't a man thanks mom as always make
sure to check out my channel at
youtube.com slash captain justice if you
haven't already where I talk more about
my inability to perform sexually that's
that I'll see you next time and
Fairwinds
