hey bands so I know you guys are
thinking Shane what the fuck are you
doing right now in your bathroom and why
the fuck are you standing in front of a
full-length mirror you know those are
bad for your mental health answer number
one I'm getting ready to go to fucking
Target
answer number two oh my god I don't know
I need to cover it with a sheet whoo my
fucking windows open lock out the haters
so you guys wanted to follow me around
target bug and I want to stay in my
house and postmates food and eat oh I
died because I need to pay my bills
we're going to target by you know so I'm
on my way to target I obviously have my
star bees and you know my caffeine to
get my energy up for all the eye rolls
I'm gonna have to do with some of the
patrons the amount of times I hear all
the basic trash go oh my god what a deal
I love the one spot I row bitch I'm
gonna walk into that fucking target and
say give me the bujji's thing you got
and they better give me a fucking mirror
and say you bitch yes bitch
there's my fucking Queen what a fuckin
icon she's fuckin let okay hurry the
fuck up
don't these people know I have nowhere
to go fucking go go go thank you where
the fuck is la this or no fucking valet
here are you fucking kidding me right
now I fucking hate speed bumps or as I
call them titty jigglers driving up to
the fucking second floor cuz there's no
fucking parking spots on the first floor
I swear to God why are there so many
fucking people here oh my god did I
accidentally tweet my location I swear
I'm not in the mood for me greet like I
love my fans but like not in the mood
for their smell okay
let's fucking do this oh we got this
fucking elevator self kind of slowly
thrashing slowly gosh people
looking normal people fucking
minimum-wage people who don't even post
me oh my god what if I see one of my
post mates here it's gonna be so fucking
awkward my card okay me okay that's
depressing right also Kendall like what
are you doing your sister's making
makeup and you're fucking doing flowers
that's embarrassing
okay me okay also really fucking nice oh
my god all of you guys looking at me oh
my god you guys wishing your knee come I
got fucking me when I'm lit and I'm
stressed coming at me when I'm writing
the dick and I'm tired oh my god when
you're too poor to go to Disneyland so
you get him a target I'm very confused
as to what type of little whore would
wear these shoes oh yeah
me oh my god I'm just gonna wait in this
fucking area and if somebody comes over
and gets one of those I'm throwing acid
in her face
also me I wonder what she's thinking
probably how much longer is mommy and
daddy gonna make me do these commercials
I just want a real childhood sometimes I
think about my parents dying and it
makes me smile okay but on the real
those are cute
that's cultural appropriation and I'm
not here for it okay there's no way
grown men don't fuck her like what like
there's no way like what's the point of
that also squad goals fuck okay me me
when I mean but also somebody else me
when I donate lamb and I don't want to
talk about it I fucking hate people
literally are you fucking actually know
what that's gonna cute I love it okay
I'll get them all oh my god me when I'm
your grandma and I'm dead and those are
my ashes okay me when I'm and the inside
and those patrolling along now get me
when I'm getting dragged by my haters
but I'm enjoying it because they don't
know what makes it stronger oh my god
Harry Potter underwear and if you wear
it you'll make pussy magically disappear
me when my girl tells me a secret and
I'm like bitch what okay at me when I'm
a suicide hotline operator and I'm like
over it
Eugenia Kony makes dolls I'm fuckin lit
oh my god when your girl's wearing an
ugly-ass dress and she's like do you
like my dress and you're like
yeah it's cute oh my god my gender bio
it's not even fucking Thanksgiving yet
okay me when my baby's being a milli was
like cut his fucking head off
no that's how you actually kill yourself
okay but relatable is fuck you oh my god
oh my god hey what you doin oh my god
look like they know me there's nothing I
love more than taking a big-ass shit at
Target the smell just like blends in you
could literally hide a dead rotting body
at Kmart and nobody would know is it bad
that that kind of turns me on like it
kind of looks like somebody fucking a
little person by the way there's no way
that's offensive little people fuck to
like everything about this is offensive
right like
I'm uncomfortable also if you buy this a
target it's not and your life now okay
me when I look at my hate comments don't
you but actually fucking me 20% off well
that's that okay when you post that
hottest fucking pictures of you and that
sexy ass dress and all your haters are
like okay I fuckin survived that was
gross it smelled I'm sick I need to go
shower and tag myself from all those
fucking pictures of all the fans that
they took of me nobody can know about
fucking here
okay guys hopefully you enjoyed
following me around target I'm honestly
so humbled from that experience like I
saw normal people like looking at prices
and being like shit I shouldn't I and
I'm like bitch what I've never
questioned anything like that in my life
I'm like new-car mine new house mine new
face not mine yet but scientifically I
hope it's in my future
why don't you guys make sure to fucking
subscribe to my channel because I'm the
Queen and you need to be following me
also give this video a big ol thumbs up
if you want me to go to other fucking
gross nasty places I'll go to Walmart
Kmart but I won't go to the 99-cent
store because it's just like too sad
maybe the Dollar Tree maybe let me know
down the comments where you want me to
go next
okay bye trash no hey guys obviously
that was all a joke I don't know what
this character is but it was I hopefully
enjoyed this video
okay I'm gonna go I love Target you guys
know that and I actually really did get
really excited when I sell my book there
because holy fuck that's crazy and I'm
gonna go right up you can see videos of
people dying people getting possessed by
the devil house is haunted by ghosts
pretty much the scariest things
imaginable or all and today I fell down
a very very dark hole of the internet
and
show you what I found
