hey what's up you guys yes today we are
we talking about some of the scariest
videos on the Internet
so when you're on the internet you can
fall into the most dark creepy holes
filled with the most evil things you've
ever seen you can see videos of people
dying people getting possessed by the
devil house is haunted by ghosts pretty
much the scariest things imaginable are
all online and today I fell down a very
very dark hole of the internet and I'm
going to show you what I found so the
first thing I'm going to show you is a
very scary commercial that was banned
from TV now most commercials are pretty
boring because they have to go through
like 500 people approving everything so
usually there's nothing creepy going on
for example this car commercial
literally the most boring commercial in
the whole world
I'm sorry I'm sorry I had to it was too
easy
so obviously that was not a real
commercial that was just joke but this
next commercial is very real and there's
a very scary legend behind so back in
1986 there was a kleenex commercial that
only aired in Japan now after the
commercials aired on TV it got so many
complaints from viewers at home that
they took it off people said it was
creepy it was scary and it made them
feel very uncomfortable and then they
say that weeks later the actors in the
commercial and all the crew that worked
on it mysteriously died supposedly the
child died of organ failure and not long
after that the woman who was singing the
song hung herself and legend goes
whoever watches the commercial will be
cursed and will die so I'm about to show
you the commercial and I'm just warning
you it's very very creepy and you might
die so fun it's a fine day people open
windows they leave the houses just for a
short while they walk by the grass and
they look at the cross they look at the
sky it's going to be a fun
night tonight it's going to be a finding
clinic P cute
I know literally the fucking creepiest
commercial I've ever seen that song that
baby monster the fucking woman I don't
know the whole thing creeps me out and
I'm not surprised took it up the air but
after doing some research I found out
that the truth is a lot less scary the
lyrics in the song are German but
they're literally saying have a good day
let's have a great day nothing about
death also the woman in the commercial
is still alive she did not hang herself
so hopefully we serve a2 and those okay
so this next video is very very
disturbing and I can't even believe it
was on YouTube and that is the video of
a man showing us the body of his dead
great so basically what happened was
this man found out that the cemetery
where his great-grandma was buried was
being closed down and because of that
they were going to move the body and he
decided to put it in his back yard and
then he made a video opening up the
coffin and showing the body
hmm
I know very very fucking disturbing and
then it takes an even creepier turn just
watch
yeah I told you it was a dark dark hole
on the internet now I did some research
on this video and I couldn't find out
for sure it was fake most of the
evidence pointed to it was real which
makes you wonder how many people out
there have dead bodies in their
backyards probably a lot okay so this
next video involves something that you
guys know I am fucking terrified of and
that is baby dolls so in this video a
guy is filming his grandma's doll
collection and there was like a hundred
dolls then as he pans around one of the
baby dolls arms moves and he doesn't see
it and then he just keeps filming so
here's the video keep your eye open and
see if you see it
okay for those of you who saw it I know
fuck
literally I open spunks it's so fucking
scary if you didn't see it I'm going to
slow it down and show you the exact part
ah I know a lot of people probably like
this is fake I don't know it seems very
real to me I am so scared of baby dolls
I do not want them around me and don't
want them in my house especially with
all the bad karma I have from what I've
done down there baby dolls come on baby
keep claw yeah I'm fucked
now speaking of fucking creepy ass baby
dolls this next video is a commercial
for a product that is real the product
is called baby laughs a lot and the
commercial is real it's not fake this is
what they thought would make kids want
to play with this fucking creepy acid
doll
listen to REM goes baby laugh a lot
funniest doll you've ever seen he just
pushed the button and she starts to
giggle get baby Rafa lon hahaha what the
fuck if I was a kid that would literally
keep me up at night forever
who would want that who would want a
doll that fucking laughs maniacally like
a fucking serial killer like a fucking
evil mastermind now some people still
actually have this doll just check out
this video of the doll now and it's just
as creepy yep still fucking awful and
terrifying but what's even scarier is
what happens when the baby dolls
batteries start to wear out
I hate that I hate that so much ah okay
we gotta move on now this next video is
very very uncomfortable to watch and
very confusing so what happens in this
video is that there is a man with his
identity hidden there's like a black bar
in his eyes and he's eating a big bulbs
then these two big headed mascots walked
up behind him and start stroking his
head and just being super fucking creepy
and there's a lot of theories about
where this video came from and one of
which is that the guy is actually being
held captive and that the people who are
doing it released this video to his
family and knowing that it makes the
video even fucking scarier
I don't know about you but watching that
video literally gives me chills up my
fuckin spine just thinking about some
guy being held captive and those big
fucking headed things torturing him and
doing shit in fucks me up so I did some
research on it and it is not real thank
God
supposedly it was made by a guy named
Raymond pearcy and he's like an animator
for some pretty big movies and it was
just uploaded to the Internet as like a
weird experiment I guess but even
knowing it's fake it is still so fucking
disturbing to watch just send to your
friends one day and just see what they
say okay so this next video is of a
beauty guru doing her makeup so it's
pretty average it's just her like doing
your makeup showing you how to do like a
prom look seems pretty normal and pretty
innocent check it out we're going to
move over to our mascara which is our
final touch and I like to use it and
yeah we're gonna just get started on our
mascara and I want to start at the base
and then move my way inside so we're
going to just start here
oh I love that so much obviously that is
not real for some reason a lot of people
think it's real it is not it is a
promotion it is for something called the
15 experience which i think is like a
movie there's the website link but
people really thought this was real they
thought this girl fucking beat up her
head on her webcam which is pretty funny
but also very very intense when I first
saw that I literally screamed out loud
it was so fucking real looking and I
just had to include it in this video
because it would just scare the shit out
of me
now this next video we're going to talk
about is nothing and it is very very
very sad and part of the internet that
is very interesting to me so the
scariest thing to me is that somebody
could document their whole life and
literally say that they are going to
kill people put it up on YouTube and
then later they actually do you can
literally watch daily vlogs of a serial
killer that is so fucked up
so if you don't remember back in 2014 a
kid named Elliot Rodger killed six
people at his college
he was a loner and kind of a loser and
he documented his life on YouTube he
made vlogs and they were just as creepy
as you'd expect and check out this video
I'm just driving around staring out to
nothing
I don't know I mean I know he's just
driving around and is not really doing
or saying anything scary but knowing
that he's probably thinking about
killing people just makes up an even
greater well the last video he posted
was this video and in it he ends the
video by saying that he's going to get
revenge on the people in his life the
girls are not sexually attracted to me
there's a major problem with that major
problem that's a problem that I intend
to rectify it's an injustice that needs
to be dealt with
well shortly after he made that video he
stabbed three guys in his apartment
building and then got in his car drove
to a nearby college and shot three girls
and one guy
then he pulled over but a gun in his
mouth and shot himself six people died
and 14 more injured that day and if you
go back and watch his videos you can
literally see him slowly loosing his
moment which brings us to our next guy
now this is very very disturbing I just
wanting you it is really intense
this is the video diary of a man named
ricardo lopez so ricardo was a huge fan
of the singer bj√∂rk he was in love with
Bjork and he also was very very angry
that she wouldn't give him any attention
then over a nine-month period he started
making video diaries that he wanted to
send her in these videos he would
sometimes be naked
you'll be talking about how much he
loved her he would just be saying at the
most inappropriate scary scary things
look at his beautiful face is cute
and it's in sweet and shy thing in the
way it's you're like like a daughter
type of figure the most I've ever wanna
do is just hold like although I've had
many fantasies of just over nine months
of making these types of videos he
finally lost it in his final video he
painted his face wrote on the walls
behind him and turned on a Bjork song
that he put a gun in his mouth and shot
himself in the head now the video camera
kept rolling until it died now because
he didn't really have any friends or
anybody in his life at the time nobody
knew he died until four days later when
neighbors started smelling something
really foul coming through his apartment
that's when the police opened the doors
and found his decomposing body right in
front of the video camera here is the
last moments of his video diary check
yeah so obviously I'm not going to show
you the actual point of the trigger
because that is credibly intense and
should not be on YouTube or anywhere
after this happened it really really
took a toll on the singer bj√∂rk she
locked herself in her house for a long
time she was terrified and it's
something that she probably still thinks
about of today it's also kind of
surprising that I had never heard about
this I mean this is literally insane
like you're watching the video diary
like they're all online like all there's
a towers of it and you're watching this
guy slowly slowly slipping to insanity
die it's that's fucking dark okay so
we're going to lighten it up just a
little bit but still fucking scary
I found this video I don't even know how
I found this video but it's from
Australia and it's a video of somebody
trying to kill a spider with a broom
that they didn't know was pregnant and
when the broom hit the spider I'm just
gonna let you watch oh the baby's coming
out of it oh oh oh my god I screamed
when I saw that video I did not know
that could happen did you see that
thousands of fucking baby spiders what
would you do Oh like you're fucked if
that happens in your house you're fucked
spiders will never leave your house okay
speaking of things that are never going
to leave your house our last video is
very very creepy and it is of a nanny
cam which if you guys don't know what
that is basically it's like a hidden
camera that some parents put in like a
kid's room so the nanny comes over they
can like see if anything bad is going
down
well this nanny cam caught something
very very scary
okay once again that one is clearly a
joke but still I don't know I just want
to end this video on a fun note because
we've gotten so fucking dark today that
was made by my friend actually his
channel is blackboxtv and he has a lot
of creepy fucking videos like them this
is not sponsored by the way but I
thought that would hopefully make you
laugh and hopefully make you forget
about everything we've seen today there
guys go fool you enjoyed this video and
hopefully it keeps you up at night
and if you liked it you want more creepy
videos like this please give me a thumbs
up so I know and subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more of my creepy videos up and
linked to a playlist or at the top of
description below all right you guys
stay scared can you imagine if you like
walk by somebody in a plane and they
were kind of like a sleeve and turn to
the side and you were like excuse me man
and then they were like oh good
