hats of you guys oh my god I'm so
fucking excited today okay so I have
done a lot of these trying girl product
videos it's usually like makeup or hair
clips just like a lot of stuff that's
not helping the rumors out of drains but
today is about to fuck me up because I
went on Amazon and I literally got the
weirdest shit ever I got a half a body
you'll see what I'm talking about but
first because this is going to be kind
of like an upgraded version of my trying
girl product so up if you will I decided
to get some new rays and I also decided
to switch up the color okay first of all
me she's everything I've ever wanted to
be not helping the rumors oh my god oh
it's beautiful
hold on guys I'm gonna give you the big
reveal so I heard a little rumor that
blondes have more fun and I don't really
know if a hair color would change my
life and make me more fun I would still
just be you know sitting on the couch
watching Family Matters eating a box of
cheese it's wild blonde but I'm ready
come a new life okay here she is
oh I some how about words oh I hate this
up first of all I know him it is not her
he works at Pinkberry and he hates his
life and then he goes home and he writes
really scary poetry on tumblr every post
starts with to the world ruin my mind
and they get zero enough I don't know
how I feel about this without me zoom in
ya know it is literally making me look
so old so red but hey let's get started
okay so here's the first thing we're
gonna try it's so fucking creepy okay
supposedly this thing is supposed to
help you with mouth wrinkles I'm gonna
know that means like mouth wrinkles upon
your lips or on your here supposedly
laughing gives you wrinkles but what
about prime if crying was like the cure
for wrinkles I would be let's put it in
okay here we go
Oh God Oh God
yeah yes Oh Oh her I love her
if it does not work Pinkberry this Mitch
works at the post office and she loves
her life hi can I just get this letter
sealed oh cool dad here you go
my mouth bugs in this are everything I
think my voice should be different for
this person first of all her name is
Kirstie not Kristy okay I thought it was
a guy it was a guy
now it's curious I feel like her voice
is like this and he had the nerve to
tell me that he look at alternatives in
the middle and all but we're not good oh
my god kind of eaten this girl did you
see she head-on tragic girl let's target
everybody ha ha ha scoffs ow ah
refreshing this is my favorite thing
ever like I don't think it worse I don't
know what's supposed to do but it makes
me look like a sex doll that nobody
wants to pop and I love it alright next
product okay so this contraption is
supposed to help with a double chin and
it was recommended for me I'm not sure
why okay so this is a chin strap which
looks like a pad oh my god wait wait
what what is that for wait it did not
come with a picture I would have to
guess I feel like your chin goes here
right the minute oh fuck oh shit I mean
the pits wet it's a hard life I have Oh
Herbert there's a little bit though they
got one more double chin hold on
wouldn't care she think of this hey girl
no honest recover from my surgery yeah I
got none yet done uh-huh what do you
mean gonna get not this
done no wrong gone like they're busy
just jealous cause he got chicken ribs
it's crazy dude of it you got the lips
of the chicken eased okay I found a cock
oh this hurts and I don't understand it
and I don't really know what it's
supposed to be doing for my life I mean
definitely makes my face look fatter so
like that's great but I definitely mix
my neck looks live look at that you can
literally see definition I don't look
like a pile of the face which by the way
was my original book title but the
publishers had pile with the face was
too depressing maybe if I move it down
oh okay oh this is great I can't hear
anything blocking out the haters oh this
is good this is slimming my face this is
lifting my neck this is giving me phone
I look like Hilary Duff got into a car
accident like Hilary Duff into a car
accident
she's still decided to go out for the
paparazzi and she was like DUI more like
do you why do I look so much better than
you even though I had a neck brace if I
was Hilary Duff I would crash my cars
into walls because like who fucking
cares you're so much fucking money I
would literally if I got mad at people
on the street you know like what's been
it cuts you off you're like ah but you
don't do anything I wouldn't literally
crash my car to the back of them as hard
as I could I would want their head to go
through the windshield and if it said
like baby on board on the back bitch at
the water okay I'm gonna take this off
before I die because I'm actually losing
all circulation Oh oh my god okay I'm
not gonna lie I feel like my face is
less fat did that work
no oh my god this next one is very
depressing now this is for a single girl
who just like wants them worth of a man
but she's too crazy for any man to want
to be with her and she already killed
her family and her dog so she's just
looking for something to keep her
company at night
so she decided to get half a man what
first of all you second of all very very
lumpy and soft and kind of wet so I
guess you put his arm around you
as I used to like lay on the couch
snuggle with him
talk about your day how was your day
baby oh my did was fine this girl on the
road cut me off it Wow I went a little
crazy
working group oh I passed into the back
of her car and then I got out of my car
with a butcher knife and I stabbed the
bitch in the neck but enough about me
let's talk about your day sweetie also I
love the fact that he's wearing like a
business shirt like it has a little
pocket but he works at ok but they're
not getting your hopes up like they're
not giving you like the rock or like an
Olympian they're giving you like a sad
puffy squishy man that works in a bank
whose fingers are all the same length he
comes with some kind of boating accident
on the weekend all his fingers got
ripped off so basically they gave you
the realistic boyfriend not successful
not in shape and have no fingers I'd say
me but I got my fingers so hold on okay
hmm this actually makes me very sad I
also kind of want to bring it on a plane
because like I hate what people talk to
me on the plane too anyways and I feel
like this would make people never talk
to me again can you imagine if you like
walk by somebody in a plane and they
were kind of like a sleeve and turn to
the side and you were like excuse me man
and then they were like oh not door yeah
you looked at a guy he didn't tell
someone and he said he lowed me because
he has no head so he can't see not good
boy wrinkles okay I don't know about you
but after a long day of working at
wetzel pretzel crashing my car into
bitches and stabbing them in the throat
I feel like I need to like get the scent
off so that's why I come home and I use
my Dora the Explorer starry night
perfume ah this is real they have
perfume for children's there was only
one reason you Andy perfume if you were
a child and that's because your parents
smokes a lot of fucking weed and they
don't want your teachers to find out I
use somebody who had a baby and they
would smoke weed around it and blow it
to their face and all I'm gonna say
made that baby funny but if I were to
ever have kids I would never blow heat
in their face I would shove weed up
their ass and light their mouth and
smoke them like a bomb but that's just
me
oh my god the visual of that sometimes I
say things without thinking of the
visual or the fact that I could probably
get arrested for saying it but just like
a magic stay with me
just like imagine right now baby but
like a dead baby like not an alive baby
there's no family it was made in a lab
and like you take that baby and then you
let you light its mouth and then like
you smoke weed out of it
I remember you say like y'all want to
hit and then you just turn this dead
baby over to your friend who's like no
good and then you're like it legal I
have a prescription yeah Shane it's not
a prescription thing that's weirding me
out it's the dead baby in your hands
who's who has smoke coming out of his
ass oh right I'm sorry it's the smell
bothering you hold on I have my Dora the
Explorer's starry night perfume okay
let's move on to less creepy things and
let's smell this creepy perfume okay
first of all this bottle they clearly
did not make a special bottle for this
Dora perfume cuz this is an old lady Bob
and then they like stuck a fucking
sticker on the back of it they're like
yeah go as perfume bitch no this was
like Betty White's perfume or like
Barbara Walters perfume look at this old
ass bitch bottle also shouldn't Dora be
old by now like she's been around since
I was a kid bitch has to be 18 oh my god
oh my god can you imagine like dating if
you Dora there's no way a guy good with
his penis out and go okay Dora what is
that oh my god doors fucking doors old
enough to fog doors monkey is probably
dead don't move he's not live that long
her way or they live a long time I don't
really know either way indoors a good
foot okay so let's try out this starry
night okay I smell nothing
oh right haha no this is an old lady
perfume this literally smells like an
old oh lady like not just an old lady
like an old lady who's like in front of
you when you're trying to walk into
target she's going really fucking slow
and she has two canes like one on both
arm and at first you're like oh so cute
oh she's so sweet and then like five
minutes later when you're trying to get
to the carts and like she goes in front
of you to get her car you're like fuck
my way
no trying to get to the one spot and she
knows she's being focused she knows you
can't say shit so she goes fucking
slower she stops takes a break looks
around at the store and then starts
crunching along on her canes again and
you're like you just were to go and then
that same gym woman is in front of you
what you're trying to check out and the
cashier goes done willing dollar maybe
not safe and then the old lady goes
eight dollars and 89 cents
okay think I have 89 pennies in my purse
hold on gotta count them all one by one
Oh what is that my star you might forgot
I have that sometimes I use it after I
smoke weed out of my dead grandson next
god I don't know what the fuck these are
ready they are like gloves I guess fuck
body gloves bucks off dead skin from
your body so what so you're literally
just supposed to put these on your hands
rub your body and rip off your skin
let's start with my face okay here we go
I guess I'll start with like my arm and
just see what happens ooh hurts
haha Oh mine is working okay if you look
close you can see little flakes of skin
can you see that I don't if you could
see that but it's actually working okay
I can see myself getting addicted to
this and that would be bad fucking two
weeks later and I'm just like wow it's
working so well
next product okay so this is called a
facial flex which i think is kind of the
same thing as kirstie but oh my god it's
even scarier okay look at the back of
this box look at that
saw ass shit water play a game also this
picture is not making me want to use
this if you use this you can just like
her
she has no skin left okay on the side it
says it comes with a facial flex and a
discreet carrying case oh yeah okay real
discreet literally heat the love of the
company and a woman rubbing her face oh
this oh no this is just my wallet mm-hmm
why does it have some sad sad woman
rubbing her face I don't know I got it
Urban Outfitters it's like a hipster
thing I think I think it means like when
you can't eat it really because it says
facial flex that sad fucking product
that old ladies try to use when they
want to tighten their skin no I got an
outfitter along with some Firefly lights
and stupid fucking phone case it says
queen of everything oh yeah not discreet
oh my god this contraption is horrible
this looks like something you would get
put in you at the gynecologists when
they're like hold on we just want to see
the actual inside of you Oh No
close it up so I guess you put it in
your lips and then you work out on you
aha oh yeah this is so discreet oh my
god aha don't fake wishes she was me oh
my god wait I could be like a before and
after before I started using facial flex
I had like a boring normal face like
this and then I started using it 24
hours a day
non fucking stop and now I look like
this and I feel great I can crush up
they saw that lip on now guys love you
tell about these products make me sad
like the idea of some sad old
women like using this like in her house
like although like she comes up from
church - she's like God is show their
time to auction prices right do my
exercises okay we have one product left
and I do not understand it this is a
eyebrow shaping kit I don't know I think
it's fun Japan and it looks terrifying
so I guess you put it on your eyebrows
wait that's what the shape of eyebrows
are supposed to be this bitch I'm off
hold on
if I put one here yeah we'll be there
for a wave like this hold on is it
upside down
oh no wait I'm so confused it's that
what eyebrows are supposed to be because
I don't have that now you know fuck this
let's try to use it as like another
mouth exercise piece oh wow I'm learning
a lot about my mouth today it's really
good Oh Percy you got nothing a lot of
yeah okay that's everything but who is
she okay I feel like out of all of these
products we know my favorite starry
night by Dora the Explorer promo codes
in the description opinions are my own
obviously my favorite is Kirsten like I
feel like Kirstie is like the new me but
I also feel like I miss Gretel I don't
know we haven't named my other
personality but I think I miss her and I
think I want to go back like this is
been really fun and like you've been
great but like I'm ready to get back to
my roots and I'm ready to be my true
self again oh there she is oh my god me
really not helping the rumors why not go
hopefully enjoy watch me try all these
fucking terrifying girl products if you
liked this video you want me to do more
these please give me a thumbs up so I
know and subscribe my channel right down
below
videos every fucking day and if you
wanna see all my other try and grow up
on our videos I've done literally a
thousand of them I'll put a link to a
playlist or at the top of description
below all right you little Kirstie's I
will see you tomorrow I mean they might
not have died in the store but they
probably died in that area years before
that so I wouldn't some stores and
restaurants be haunted
I wouldn't there he goes just looking
around waiting for you to get a glimpse
well today we're going to be talking
about a few places in America that you
would least expect to be home
