Oh Oh he just gave like a suit at
bacchanal Zoolander look it's blue steel
he scared both of us we both went hey
what's up you guys yes today we're gonna
be talking about some creepy haunted
stores and restaurants so when you're
walking around a store getting your
groceries or sitting in a restaurant
eating your meal the last thing you're
thinking about is probably the fact that
somebody died there I mean they might
not have died in the store but they
probably died in that area years before
that so why wouldn't some stores and
restaurants be haunted I wouldn't do
because just looking around waiting for
you to get a glimpse well today we're
going to be talking about a few places
in America that you would least expect
to be haunted
first place we're going to talk about is
toys are s so Toys R Us is a toy store
in America that is innocent and fun a
kids love it well there's one Toys R Us
in Sunnyvale California that supposedly
has a ghost
every series of hauntings in a most
unlikely location an ordinary toy store
in Sunnyvale California this is a place
in which they had lost or reportedly at
lost six managers so out of desperation
they called me and said would you please
come in because we think we have a ghost
okay so here's what happened back in the
1800's there was a man named Martin
Murphy who owned a plantation one of
Murphy's employees names was Yanni
eels now Yanni suffered from a brain
injury and a lot of people would make
fun of him and call him crazy well he
fell in love with Murphy's daughter
Elizabeth and then when he told her she
told him she was not interested he found
out later that she was in love with a
lawyer and she was going to move away
and when she told him this he lost his
mind even more he started to angrily
chop wood and then he missed and chopped
one of his limbs and then he slowly bled
to death and the area where he died is
now at Toys R Us so ever since it day
the store opened it's been haunted
employees have said that they've seen a
man walking
down the aisles and then disappear they
say things move or fall off shelves they
say that if they're stocking stuff in
the middle of the night they will hear a
man calling for Elizabeth hello who's
there and pretty much every employee
that's ever worked there has said this
is all true they've lost managers
they've lost employees one manager even
said they heard the voice of a man and
then water just appeared out of nowhere
on the ground
well behaved so it was getting so bad
and so scary that they decided to call a
psychic to come and have a seance and
talk to the ghosts now doing the seance
they had a camera and they were taking
pictures every few seconds then as the
psychic was talking to Yanni the ghost
they took a picture that he appeared
these are the photographs taken that
night now remember Sylvia had no way of
knowing what pictures that camera was
taking these two pictures were taken
less than a second apart in the first
one the aisle is empty then suddenly a
figure appears in the second now you
hear the photographer's say he couldn't
explain the pictures but this ghost
story is one to think about and even up
until today people still talk about that
place being haunted
okay so obviously I can't go to the
toys-r-us right now because it is
literally like 12 hours away from the
house so let's give it a call maybe one
of the employees tell us they think it's
all and
hey I'm sorry I hope I'm not bothering
you I'm doing a project about the
hauntings in the store and I just want
to see if that's something that people
still think is real or talk about really
interesting some people people that come
into the store do they know about it or
see anything all right cool thank you so
much oh there you go he says he doesn't
see anything or is she covering it up I
mean if I worked at that store I'd
probably do the same thing if you don't
want to fuck up your business hopefully
one day I'll get out to Sunnyvale and
check it out for myself
okay so next we're going to be talking
about a haunted Pizza Hut in New York so
there's a Pizza Hut in Center reach New
York where people say that they hear and
feel a ghost they say that when they go
into the bathroom they hear voices the
hear whispering and they say that in the
restaurant there's different parts that
are colder than others they also say
that pots and pans will fall off shelves
without anybody touching out so
supposedly what happened was the years
ago that used to be a jacket box and the
legend says that there was a depressed
man went to the bathroom locked the door
and shot himself in and ever since then
his Spirit has been lingering
the restaurant okay so obviously this is
in New York so I really can't go there
so let's give him a call hi I'm sorry to
bother you um I have a quick question I
was reading online that people think
that Pizza Hut is haunted and I just
want to see if you have heard about that
or if you think that's not true really
Wow have you have you seen anything or
heard anything really like you but you
see shit fall down and like nobody was
there Wow fuck all right well good luck
thank you so much ah oh my god I need to
go to that fucking Pizza Hut bitch give
me a plane ticket right now I didn't get
her name I'll find her okay so the last
place we're going to talk about really
kills me because it is one of my
favorite places and that is a haunted
Walmart so there's a Walmart in Panorama
City California where people say they
see a ghost on the third storey
employees and customers have said that
things will fall off the shelves voices
can be heard whispering in the aisles
and one evening a manager even heard
someone called his name
tap him on the back and when he turned
around there was no one there and one of
the most haunted places in that Walmart
is the elevator so back in 1985 a 15
year old boy named Darrell got stuck in
the elevator with his two friends they
decided to crawl out of the top of the
elevator and unfortunately he to turn
back on and when it went up it crushed
him to death now this happened in a
store called Broadway which was there
before and this is a quote from one of
the security guards that worked there I
used to work security at this Walmart
one day I was monitoring the camera
system and I was watching a female
subject on level one to the rear of the
store she walked into an aisle so I
switched to that camera where I could
get a view of the aisle she went into
when I zoomed into the aisle she was
gone so this person saw a woman and some
people say they see a woman and hear a
woman but it was a boy who died so maybe
there's multiple ghosts or more maybe
it's the mother
of the boy and she's there with the boy
I don't know it's all fuckin scary now I
would just call this Walmart but luckily
for you guys and for me it is very close
to my house
so we're just going to go okay so I'm in
the car I have my friends here Garrett
and drew we're gonna be my paranormal
experts now you guys do you know what
you're about to walk into the ghouls
goblins and cheap goods haunted Walmart
yeah so we are in Panorama City which is
where the haunted Walmart is I told them
the story about the guy who got killed
in the elevator so we're gonna go into
the Walmart to the elevator we brought a
Ouija board which I'm very nervous about
I don't support the Ouija board at all
not okay with that
okay guys we're here at the Walmart
ready to see some of those honestly I'm
already feeling really scared this
Walmart looks like it's been here at the
beginning of time okay we're walking in
right now I'm gonna be honest
I already feel uncomfortable here
doesn't it feel creepy in here already
so we're gonna go up to the third floor
so the third story is where supposedly
the guy is haunting but the elevators
where he died oh sure he's laughing but
you're the one that's gonna see it
because you're the one that doesn't
think it's gonna roll mm-hmm
so supposedly he tried to climb out of
the ceiling and the elevator turn arms
question okay wait so we just got off
the elevator because we pressed the
third floor and it wouldn't take us to
the third floor so we got off on a
second and now we can't find the fucking
escalator to the third floor is there
not a third floor really there used to
be
oh really okay they got rid of the third
floor what the fuck do we do ghosts
aren't limited to floors though they can
go through floors everyone knows yeah
he's here yeah okay here's what we're
gonna do let's find an employee and ask
them if this place is haunted and if so
we're okay so here's the plan the plan
is we have to find an employee that is
like cool enough that will tell us if
this place is haunted and take us to the
third floor because we know it's there
thank you dumb question I think whatever
serves this Walmart upon them holding
the girl or
have you ever heard before
she said Tyler you think I know she said
third floor she said customers are not
allowed up there and that she knows his
place don't
she said it's haunted by a little girl
which is confusing because it's supposed
to be a boy but then there's also been
told that there's a woman here I'm very
compute maybe it's haunted by multiple
people I'm into that okay so you're
gonna go up to the third floor and
you're gonna film some footage okay
we're gonna go outside and wait for you
and you give us updates to be outside
and be outside just hang out me woman I
really want some peanut butter ice it's
what you'd be doing English so me and
you had no luck finding ghosts so we
left Garrett to go do that and he's
gonna sneak around and try to get on the
third floor we decided to go to Wendy's
so what do you have here I guess I'm
gonna put whipped cream on this I bought
this because I thought I was gonna have
hot chocolate at Cheney's I don't know
honestly this Wendy's is creepier than
any haunted location I've ever been and
somebody definitely died in here there's
actually dead people in here right now
look who just showed up okay what
happened well we like to dip it in here
for you if you want I ended up walking
forever to try to find a place to get in
I couldn't find anything at all the
doors were locked
twice an employee if I could just go up
there and then he said well I don't
think that can happen but I can snapchat
myself going up there and I'll send it
to you why but I said that's not good
enough there's not for I did say that I
pushed it he gave me a taste of victory
and I pushed it and I said you know what
look here's the thing it's just an
upstairs room and I think the managers
would be cool for so can you go ask and
then he left me waiting for like 20
minutes
right and then I tried to get in myself
so I walked in the back room like where
they keep all the storage because
another employee who I got he told me
all about the hauntings he told me there
was no data back there and so when I
tried to go back there though I had
tried several times at that point and
then they told me the only way you're
ever gonna see that room is if you get
hired here so give it a month or two and
yeah he also said and they don't want to
see you back here again because they
were watching me on the security cameras
and I was leaving
the woman who welcomes you was not so
welcoming and she said he's leaving now
so what kind of footage did you get I
got a few employees telling me about the
hauntings throat at that hey what's up
man
you ever heard like rumors of this place
being haunted well me everybody fits
that but the thing is that are one of
the guys from overnight should we
explore with it a 16 year old who died
but before a 15 year old died what was
his name do people know ah not really
sure he surely does look they probably
walk by when he told me that's so
interesting
listen but they go it goes deeper he
said the third floor is nothing he said
you shouldn't hear about the fourth
floor we were talking to an employee I
didn't film as one employee I said um is
it Hana here he goes yeah the fourth
floor and I said you thought was the
third floor he goes you know the fourth
floor what happened on the fourth floor
the fourth one this guy told me that you
works the overnight ship and it's just
like super scary up there because
there's a business up there where
there's still their old office supplies
and it's like a panda like they didn't
ever move anything out so it's like this
abandoned business a sweet Walmart tour
please basically so if we talk about
with everybody this is scarier than
anything I mean really no no but I want
to do I want to do oh but you get some
of that frosty as well well there you
guys go that was us trying to get into
the haunted Walmart we didn't see
anything ourselves
I definitely and I'm not hyping this up
I definitely felt we were there it felt
weird I felt like I was in somewhere
that I shouldn't have been I mean you
definitely yeah woman no it felt
uncomfortable but weird for creepy the
employees all knew about it like I feel
like one employee said that when you
start working there they all they tell
you like your bosses say this place is
haunted something creepy no good I'm
just really disappointed that it good to
go there well next up Toys R Us are you
ready to get on a plane guys we just
realized that we never played with this
stuff Wendy come on we're gonna contact
in here replaceable people don't do it
here so their spirit
waiting what we D through he's gonna be
about Wendy's exploitation all right
everybody on I'm not gonna go okay with
this trip a waste of time oh the demons
have spoken well there you guys go
fully enjoyed this creepy video and if
you want more creepy videos give me a
thumbs up so I know and subscribe on our
channel right down below because I make
new videos every day and if you want to
see more creepy videos I have a link to
a playlist right at the top of the
description there aren't you little
ghosts I will see you tomorrow watch
your back oh no oh yeah do it I'm
actually gonna go okay I'm gonna touch
it first oh my god oh my god I can't eat
it I can't do this I can't do this okay
I'm gonna do this because I'm fucking
dizzy
also bougie people what the fuck is
wrong with you
