hey guys it's just a podcast with James
fucking Dickinson and we made out oh my
god I love her so much and we talk so
much shit about so many people so good
come you little better wait how come you
I look pink Oh better light nothing
there we go is it it okay go check it
out put all the links down there SIM
card back on satiated friends Baja
chicken heads in the guys oh my god I'm
so fucking excited today because today I
get an embrace my inner bougie ass bitch
and I know you're thinking Shane you're
already bougie I mean clearly I have my
gallon sized bottle of fireball behind
me my mug this is cunt on it and a phone
more broken than your childhood so yes I
guess you could say I'm the shit oh no
I'm excited because I have a cheap gross
fucking piece of trash so like my idea
of a fancy dinner is one that comes with
silverware that's plastic wrap because
like some places you have to go to the
trashcan area and I grab a work out of a
container and then some bougie-ass
places like Carl's jr. gives them to you
individually wrapped and sometimes
there's a spork and I didn't even pay
for that they gave me a fork and a spoon
for the price of one fuck me up so today
I am a little out of my comfort zone all
these foods here in front of me or a lot
of money and I'm not just talking like
Oh a $15.00 burger bitch I'm talking
$100 burger and that's we're starving
okay first of all this restaurant not
only do they give me like this really
pretty raps silverware but the napkin
that it comes with it's like a talent
it's kind of like a towel in like a
hotel room it's not big enough to wipe
your ass with and it's definitely not
big enough to wipe up the blood with so
I'm just gonna call it a cub rag and
then look at these beautiful black
silver where's also has anybody ever
used a plastic knife like maybe in rehab
but like not a real life okay so let me
just put on my fancy comb rag tuck it in
right there
oh she is fancy she's changed okay so
here we go with this burger I'm about to
open it oh my god okay oh my god oh fuck
feeding 50 people talk like that when we
see like their food be like oh bitch oh
fuck me up waving their million dollars
to fan themselves off look at the bottom
of this burger Oh
oh my god she's classy and trashy like
from over here it's like oh it's a nice
burger on the bun and then bitch she
fell out of that club she fucking
stumbled out of that bitch fucking
melted on the floor oh I'm gonna look at
the other bun oh she has some kind of
sauce on her we kind of chopped up on
you bitch of that chives Oh baby now if
this wasn't fancy enough they also put
something called agua which I'm not
gonna lie
thought the waiter called me a faggot
and honestly I'd be okay with it I'm
taking that we're back so I think this
is like a mushroom but also um puke
I don't really know so I guess you put
that on top of the burger which I'm kind
of mad that I have to do that because I
like this burger and I do not like
mushroom but because we're fancy we're
gonna try it we're gonna see if this
rich life is for us oh not for us oh my
god oh it's not fucking good though well
I'm confused it looks like a fucking it
cat brain but it smells insane that
should be their catchphrase do you think
fancy restaurants have catchphrases
I think it's get out of here you're
wearing elastic shorts and gym shoes I
don't know I hear that one a lot okay
here we go we're just gonna squish that
on top Oh God you hear that bitch that's
money okay here we go
oh my god oh my god money is good
hahaha now the point of this video is
get money
telugu oh my god I wanted to hate this I
want to get ill oh my god brother like
McDonald there yeah no bitch this is
insane this tastes like a hundred
dollars
oh my god it's fucking juicy oh my God
look at that shine bitch is that a
burger or my forehead oh and the
juiciness and it's like pink inside Oh
have a cheese up in the Fuhrer whatever
the fuck it's called oh my god oh my god
she's good alright I need to move on
because I would literally just fuck this
up all day which I probably should for
the amount of money I pay for it you
know those commercials where it's like
donate 25 cents a month to save a child
in a random country and I'm like oh I
can't afford that
hi can I get the hundred dollar Farquhar
burger that I'm gonna take one bite up
for a video hey alright next move okay
this I'm not excited about but I'm gonna
do it because we were doing fancy
expensive bougie foods today you cannot
do a bougie ass video without escargot
oh if you don't know what escargot is
you obviously haven't seen it takes two
with the fucking Olsen twins get on my
level all is money and these people eat
slugs all right here we go finally gonna
be an Olsen twin her weight then I
wouldn't be a twin I'd be a triplet they
do not want that could you imagine if it
was like Olsen twin Olsen twin me you
know like when there's those twins and a
combined or conjoined and like one is
prettier than the other and one is kind
of like shriveled up trigger warning in
case you're one of these I'm sorry but
like the not that pretty one is like I'm
gonna be together forever and the pretty
one is like yeah me too hi
your night on Tula now yeah so you said
you would cut us in half if we came on
your reality show and fucking ready yeah
I will get cut all right so here we go
by the way these came in little like
ceramic caskets because that's what they
are all right so here we go there looks
to be a little like red puffs on top I
don't know they're just trying to cover
up the fact that it's a dead bug all
right I don't know how to do this oh my
god I'm scared okay I uh
hmm I love snails you guys probably
don't even know this but I have a little
snail let me show you see I wasn't lying
I have a fucking snail in front of my
front door and look what's inside of him
a trash bag cuz I want him to be just
like it's daddy I'm sorry babe
I'm gonna eat your brother all right
here we go huh I guess I'll just take
off the lid it's a murder scene I just
witnessed a crime oh my god what did
they do to her trigger warning if you
are a snail lover as am i this is not
going to make you happy what the fuck is
that what is that literally what is that
that looks like Shrek's ass and looks
like the inside of human where shrek is
done oh my god okay I can't eat this
how do I even okay I guess I'm guessing
that you like pour it into the bread
bowl oh oh I'm sorry baby oh oh my god
oh I can't do it I'm actually gonna okay
I'm gonna touch it first oh my god oh my
god I can't eat it I can't do this I
can't do this okay I'm gonna do this
because I'm fucking dizzy
also bougie people what the fuck is
wrong with you all right here we go
oh no I feel woman's eyes I feel one of
his islands looking at me oh my god
oh my god I cannot believe somebody put
that in an Olsen twins mouth first of
all I can't believe you put food in
there second of all can't believe you
with that that was offensive that was
the grossest thing I've ever put in my
mouth and it was like $100 I can't
believe I paid money to be that
disgusted angry and offended okay next
food I'm hoping to god this one well is
not a dead animal
nope it is this is crazy so this is a
steak as you can see it's pretty small
it's like half a burger sighs oh my god
this steak was a hundred and fifty
dollars for the fat that's fucking crazy
it's called a acid go wahoo
I don't know the waiter told me that I
thought they called me an a spirit well
I think all waiters are homophobes we're
living in trumps America okay what is
this it comes with sauce which I thought
you're not supposed to put sauce on top
a steak isn't that like wrong like I
asked for ketchup whenever I go to a
steak house at my steak house I mean
simpler and they're like wow ketchup
really you're gonna ruin the steak no
bitch I'm gonna make it better because
it's Taylor you know what would ruin it
nothing I could take a dump on top of
yours is our steak and it would take it
up a notch all right here we go I'm just
gonna try this for shit
it's the dry let's fuck the silverware
silverware not my hands silver who bitch
I'm gold I don't know whatever let's do
it oh my god
oh my god I take it all that it is
fucking juicy it is fucking soft pull it
is fucking crunchy on the outside and
fucking wet on the inside the OL oh my
god I know what would make this even
better yes bitch oh oh
ketchup killed it again oh this is
incredible this is amazing this was
worth every fucking
cut back to the kid who cost a quarter
month in some random country he's like
was it was it worth every penny
Wow because uh for the amount paid on
that stake you could have fed me and my
entire town for a week
you're the ketchup help right next hope
I'm by the way before people are like oh
my god you spent so much money on this
video and you're wasting so much food
first of all you're right second of all
I get myself a budget for my youtube
channel like how much I should spend I
wish I shouldn't and I'm still good like
you think those giant Twinkie cake
videos are free bitch and also I'm
donating all of this food to my mom
because she loves bougie things and she
will eat anything that a housewife ate
mom I have a bunch of rich people Foods
in my trash can
oh really honey oh do you think any of
the Real Housewives eat it well yeah I'm
the rich healthy right over my momma Dee
deterred if NeNe Leakes ate it that's a
visual just nene leakes and my mom just
sharing a turd yeah let's make that
happen that's a good anti Trump ad just
people coming together eating turds
that's my America oh shit I forgot to
eat this okay this came with a steak and
I didn't eat it but this is truffle
butter now um if you haven't heard of
Nicki Minaj song or you haven't seen the
inside of an asshole after you fucked it
truffle butter is basically a mixture of
cum Lubitsch shit
so my perfume if I ever make one okay so
let's see I've never tried it
oh my god that is fucking good it does
not smell like my truffle butter my
truffle butter smells like tears tears
and ranch it's confusing all right
there's a truffle butter let's go to a
lick that's a lot oh that is pulping
rich people eat so much salt how are
they not a thousand pounds
like fucking popping out of their pants
if I was rich like listen I live
comfortably but if I was like over rich
you've seen Trish's pink g-wagen I would
be a g-wagen like I would be the size of
a G Wagen people would see me walking
down the street go it's such a cute G
Wagen uh I want one and then they try to
open up the door and they just get hit
with a lot of truffle butter
thanks for the Oh God Oh caviar I don't
know if you guys know what this is
caviar is fucking gross it's fish eggs
which i think means like the inside of a
fish's pussy or something it's like
little pussies I don't know very
confused I don't know anatomy and they
gave it to me with a side of potato
chips like I literally just been a
hundred dollars for a to-go cup of
caviar and you're gonna give me potato
chips
he's better be some bougie-ass potato
chips these better be like pieces of
like poor people's skin deep fried I
want to see some relatives are you
kidding me they gave me four damn chips
that's skin that's human skin can you
see that
I mean it's bomb I can't even hate on
this Ridge it's so fucking good all
right let's do to the shit all right so
here's the caviar me get it out of this
hey don't trip so you guys can really
see it oh my god oh can you even right
now with this oh my god that's dish
pussy in case you're wondering oh my god
okay
I mean it smells good this is very
disturbing all right here we go let's
try this mm-hmm
Oh God oh my god oh I know exactly what
that tastes like you know your crazy
brother used to have a booger wall next
is that like he would pick his nose roll
it to a ball and stick it on a wall this
tastes like my brother found my Britney
Spears CD got mad at me and took my head
and shoved into his Booker wall and I
got a big ol bite ahh
oh my god why do rich people want to eat
boogers if I was rich I would buy a Taco
Bell and I was literally hire people to
work there and I'll just be like make me
everything like that sounds so much
better to me then hi could you grab that
fish take out a pussy and put it on a
cracker Thanks
fucking crazy bitch okay we have one
more thing left and we're about to eat
some of lobster tacos now this is
exciting because this is from a
restaurant called the eysie now if
you've ever been in LA or you've ever
seen like any paparazzi magazine you'll
know that the ivy is like where all the
celebrities go the like have breakdowns
in the parking lot and like we seen with
our new boyfriend and I think Kristen
Stewart was like making out with some
married guy there I think I don't know
it's a place where I shouldn't be but I
walk in and they go oh no the dollar
tree is 20 miles that way but today's a
day bitch because I have lobster tacos
which were $65 $65 for something you
could probably get for literally a
dollar on the street you know what else
you can get for a dollar four of those
boys that we talked about earlier in
that random country but instead I well I
got these oh I'm really I'm gonna adopt
one of those kids I really am you know
what I'm gonna do it no rosemary
no I will I will we'll talk about
charity at the end of the video I really
am going to use like for charity because
I feel like an asshole if you visit rich
people food all right let's try this
fucking lobster taco and see if it's
worth all the money all right here we go
oh oh the baby Nick's all of ATX all the
baby Nick's oh the baby dicks hello the
baby dicks put your dicks up listen the
flavor isn't bad
the flavor is great I just don't like a
lobster I know then why am i eating
lobster I don't know I do a lot of crazy
things but like the pretty is good it
tastes homemade the spices are good the
rice is good what everything is good and
so I watch her mmm
oh my god wait I have one more thing I
thought we were done but somebody's
waiting in the wings oh my god she is
alive accessories ok so this is the zone
which is some kind of fish and it was
$70 oh my god oh no oh no no no no oh my
god oh my least favorite thing in the
world oh my god you can see her yeah I
like fish but oh are those her veins are
those her bones I'm seeing a theme here
with this rich people food they like to
see the carcass like they want to see
that they killed something in a tit
that's a fucked up shit you know what
I'd rather see a nugget just an entire
chicken squashed up with you like a
piece of nothing there's no face there's
no guilt I mean there is going like 10
videos made about you from people called
source shop and freely ok
I love my vegans and I love the message
now let's eat this dead fish ok oh no
this sauce that came with it is layered
it looks like that episode of Friends
where Rachel's like oh I made a parfait
yeah it's just chocolate whipped cream
strawberries beef stock taking peas and
onions and whipped cream like it's one
of those what is this sauce okay well at
least it covers up her skin ah me when I
could try out clothes at the store hi do
you have this in a size cover up my skin
no don't care what it looks like just
wanna cover it up alright here we go oh
no oh my god oh my god oh my god oh I
think it horseradish they knew what was
poor they're trying to poison me they're
trying to get rid of me Trump's America
um that was gross the fish actually was
not that bad but the sauce I don't think
I was supposed to actually eat it or
maybe it was supposed to be for
something else like I'm supposed to take
a bite and I like put a little bit of
the sauce and I cleanse my
palate because that's what it tasted
like acid it tasted like something you
would drink if you wanted to die for
like something you would throw in your
stupid fuck
pretty twins face would you cut swap
anyways hi guys go nose me try and rich
bougie-ass fucking food I feel really
happy right now like I'm happy I didn't
really love it I mean the burger mistake
was good ok it kind of did like it but
I'm happy I didn't love because I like
being myself and I like being trashy and
spending it no money on food and going
to Chipotle every day and I hope I never
change I don't know I think it's crazy
that people are spending this much money
on food but you know what get your life
but to show my appreciation and buy
appreciation I mean I feel bad for
spending all this money on food I'm
gonna donate $500 to a charity of my
choice I think I'm gonna do Toys for
Tots or I could just give them all those
toys that I put in waffle irons your
kids it's sad sad fucked up Barbie get a
hard life alright you guys hopefully you
enjoyed that video and if you wanting to
do another triangle people foods give me
a thumbs up sign and subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see other videos of me trying
crazy foods I did Hospital foods I did
famous instagram foods got a lot i'll
put a link to a playlist right on top of
the description below alright little
bougie bitches i will see you ah i'm so
pretty
Wow
this is me this is my life
