hey guys yes I know what you think when
you look at me you're like wow that guy
must take a long time to get ready I
mean he has to get up yes to think about
showering guests to look in the mirror
and see if there's any visible dirt and
then he remembers he's not gonna see
anybody today so one shower I know my
getting ready process is nothing but I
wanted to go even fucking faster which
is why I'm going to be doing some beauty
hacks okay so the first half I feel like
this one is a joke but I'm so am I so
let's do it and that is applying contour
with a pad okay so I guess you take the
pad out I love the coloring by the way
supposedly orange is supposed to make
you hungry or if you're me every color
okay how does this work it literally
says absorbs ten times its weight right
on the front of it like I get it
I have a lot of blood you don't have to
fucking rub it in my face
wow this is big like no offense to all
my big pussy girls out there this is big
right like it is normal okay I feel like
this is to cover up a fucking gunshot
wound this is like a band-aid if you get
to a samurai's sword accident like why
is it so big nobody's pussy is that big
well maybe a couple teen mom cast
members okay it's like sticky so it's
like a sticker and then you just kind of
like done I'm Lady gaga I know you're
like reinventing and looking for a new
look found it this is kind of great I
love this for when you're like stabbing
all the haters you need something to
soak up their blood okay so I guess you
take that the pussy area and then you
rub some makeup on it so I have my
bronzer palette here so I'm just going
to wipe that on OH
for when you need to wipe your ass if I
was a girl that's what I would do I
would never wipe my ass Tellem wearing a
path are you kidding me bitch the shit
catcher in the dorm is 10 times its
weight that music can absorb 10 burritos
okay so now you're let's zoom in oh my
god I almost forgot how did you guys
even recognize me without my
look now we're ready let's zoom in oh
there she is so here's the pad okay so
we're just going to take this path and
we're just going to put it on our face
okay and then we're just going to wait
is that hot to stop everything actually
no that looks stupid maybe we just need
to blend it in I'll use like the Fupa
area to blend by the way that's not
offensive every girl has a Fupa just
like every boy has a goop up gross up
her penis area get a little hey kind of
worked yeah from far away from far away
look at her fucking skeleton but I also
feel like you could like apply this with
you know a finger and you know save the
diaper did any of you guys used to wear
diapers I mean I know you do when you're
a baby but when you were like 14 I used
to wear a diaper to bed every night when
I was like 13 because I would feed bed
and I was tired of being bed so instead
of you know going to therapy figuring it
out got some big old adult diapers and I
just went to bed
crinkled in my sheets and I'm not gonna
lie sometimes I take a big old 15 year
old shit and you know what it did not
absorb it slithered out the side but
it's fine it contoured my mom's face
beautifully next up okay so this one is
like actually kind of a real hack that I
just was curious to try so supposedly if
you put some white eyeshadow here and
here on your lips and then paint over it
with pink lipstick it makes your lips
look fat wet so just basically
everything my mirrors he's when I get
out of the shower
okay so let's zoom in oh so we're just
going to take the white and put it here
here I could have saved some makeup I
just got a powder dome that oh my god
that's a hack
oh and hack put a fucking doughnut on
each finger doubles is a ring and it's
also just easier to eat all five at once
kind of a funny hat clean okay know that
we've whitened these up oh let's put our
shade of pink over it and let's see how
fat our lips can be
okay wait a minute um did this fucking
work I think that kind of worked like
don't the centers of my lips look like
fuller like not fuller house nobody
wants that
just fuller in general wait let's add
some of this I don't know I found this
in my closet somewhere I don't know why
I have it do oh this looks like it goes
on a pad okay ah why am i pretty right
why am i fucking killing it I think that
hack actually worked we might have just
done a successful beauty hack on a Shane
Dawson video literally what the fuck is
happening to the world which is what I'm
assuming a lot of the comments say for
people that have never seen my videos
before hi yeah this is this is what I do
you know you don't want to subscribe all
right I get it
okay so this third hack is very stupid
supposedly you can set your makeup using
geo trip now I don't use this so I don't
really know what it is but I guess it
makes your smell go away and I guess
setting your makeup is like when you put
something on it so it doesn't leave your
face so I guess what you do is you take
the deodorant and you just cover your
face with it this seems like it's gonna
end in an allergic reaction so let's do
it
okay so let's just set my contour uh-huh
let's set our lipstick okay
let's ruin my deodorant okay okay it's
just like a little around our face this
is crazy
this is like what an actual crazy person
does and they're like no you better do
this because it's World War three coming
and you got to stay away from all the
parasites in the Scott George W Bush and
Hillary rotten Clinton are putting out
there take a vo directory on your face
okay that's gonna get rid of all the bad
bad chemicals in next what we're gonna
do is we're going to take a pad and
we're just gonna shove that on our head
that's gonna keep all the alien rays out
of our brain and don't forget to stick
your phone up your butt you don't want
the government controlling any of your
thoughts people who believe crazy
conspiracy theories are so stupid
fuck you government ok so the next hack
I'm going to do is actually fucking
terrifying
you take off my wig for this and you
better hold onto yours
cuz it's about to get snatched so first
you take a simple face mask seems easy
enough and you just put that on your
face oh you know how much I hate these
so clean and so cleansing oh I don't
care that my pores are clogged and that
my skin has literally absorbed chocolate
and literally popped a pimple the other
day and chocolate came out I don't know
that means but I ate it
alright so let's put this stupid fucking
mask on Oh God
oh I hate it I hate it I hated a hate it
ok ok that's on that's step one seems
easy seems normal
now step two - keep your mask in place
and to make sure that all of the formula
is sinking into your skin you just take
some saran wrap and you just wrap it
around your fucking head like you're a
dead fucking body it also is extremely
dangerous and might kill you so let's do
it ok oh my god I'm scary I think we
need to like tear a hole in it you know
just so you can breathe a little bit
here we go and I'm pretty oh oh ok I
can't for a lifetime I'm assuming I'm
killing it so I feel like this is really
working I feel like I feel a shoka now
my skin and I feel like I'm actually
having a panic attack and I think I'm
going to die like I literally can't
freeze right now
haha but it's worth it cuz I'm gonna be
pretty your help some eyeballs in this
just to like you know Oh Lady Gaga once
again would you like this look this is
actually kind of cute
oh my god wait hold on this is the
scariest thing ever oh wow this is me
this is my life
who knows here let's see if my dog likes
it sweetie if you love daddy oh daddy
screech is falling off our knee to come
over here my daddy come on come give
daddy a kiss
yeah yes you love your daddy covers his
face okay alright you're attacking daddy
okay you're really eating my head oh my
god fucking squad goals if there was a
daily vlogger who look like this it's
like hey guys just woke up and fed Magog
now I'm gonna go for a run gotta go to
Starbucks to get my studies okay
everything this is horrifying oh oh I
know No daddy has problems okay so this
next dumb beauty hack is probably the
most famous one and I haven't tried it
yet cuz honestly I'm afraid of it and
that is dye your lips with kool-aid now
the reason I'm afraid is because my face
really soaks up color like makeup or
anything colorful my face buttons stay
that color for like a week and I heard
that this have literally stain your lips
for like a month so let's do it
also I love that the kool-aid man had a
glow up like I love that he's wearing a
cute little yellow shirt like little
skinny jeans like he's still shortly
which is creepy and like I still don't
trust him because he is technically a
stranger and he's trying to give me a
drink and I've seen what would you do
and we all know how that ends all right
so let's take kool-aid and I guess put
our finger in it what does it taste like
it's good fuck
who in the cool that man was right okay
so I guess let's just put it on our lips
see if it stains oh my god it's working
oh my god it's so good fuck
ah food is pretty I love this it is
great I need to wipe it off right now
because it will never leave my face if I
don't oh god oh my god you know what
else we can fucking use how Cheetos is
lipstick you know what let's just use
all food is lipstick
that'll be my like excuse for why I'm
eating so much shame why don't you eat
eight meals oh no no no I was trying out
lipstick color swatch really because I
just watched you eat 5000 calories I
didn't need 5,000 calories 10 okay so
this next Beauty hack is really fucking
stupid but supposedly it works hold on
let me grab my tape measure it's not
what you think I'm trying to make my
penis bigger so this hack is supposed to
get rid of your double chin so first
let's measure our current double chin
I'm not sure mine is about an inch and a
half not bad
and supposedly if you do these exercises
your double chin will go away so you
just go hmm and then you go hmm I know
it looks stupid but supposedly works
let's try it together ready come on guys
oh now your parents should be knocking
on your door right now because they
think something really gross is going on
in your room tell them there is you're
watching a shame video and then just
scroll back and show them that part
where I covered my head saran wrap and
talk to my dog have your parents taken
away your computer yet yep you're not
seeing me anymore
nope okay great all right we did the
exercises no it's even works two inches
that's somehow made me daughter night
tack okay so for this last one we're
gonna go over to the sink because I'm
gonna be washing my hair with beer what
the fuck I don't know let's do it okay
so where am i sink and I have a beer
here which I only bought for this video
because I do not drink beer because uh
I'm just not that manly sometimes I
drink these these are called smirnoff
ice probably one of the girlies drinks
you can find I like to make it even
better by pouring it inside of my Wendy
Williams Cup
Hall your door very feminine okay so
let's take this beer and open it up whoo
I felt kind of manly until I literally
just did that okay let's take this beer
and I guess just pour it right on - this
video is just really killing it streamys
okay are you watching okay here we go
oh god I'm actually scared why am i
doing this now I'm gonna actually have
to take a shower I don't do that here we
go oh okay listen to that dude very cold
whoo it's very fizzy it's really
activating my psoriasis oh it smells
like every uncle I've ever met and I
instantly forgot okay let me rub it into
my hair okay feels kind of nice I'd say
what's up my dog come lick it but I feel
like that's abuse do dogs get drunk I
feel like that would make mine a lot
happier like I feel like when he goes to
doggie therapy you'll be like you know
what's going pretty rough we got rough
and then daddy gave me some beer and
well I don't remember anything else so
I'm doing good all right there we go I
washed my hair with beer
now let's dry it off with some paper
towels and let's see how it looks
whoo oh oh this is not good my hair is
just
oh wait isn't there like nerves on my
head so does that mean beer can soak
into it Mickey drunk there you go
see my hair has got a soft feels kind of
good I feel like this kind of works
we're fucking killing it today this
deserves a drink time for daddy to have
one of his every night drinks you know
just little stuff to take the edge off
every day fuck
uno or you guys go that was me doing all
of my dumb fucking beauty hacks
hopefully you enjoyed it and hopefully
you didn't try any of them cuz you might
be dead and if you want me to make more
dumb life hack videos give me a thumbs
up so I know and also subscribe to my
channel right down below because I think
new videos every day and if you want to
see all my other dumb beauty hack videos
I will put a link to a playlist right at
the top of the description below all
right g-dub beauty hackers I will see
you tomorrow night
and to celebrate this baby we're putting
out to the world
we're gonna kill two babies today so I
got I'm so excited
you don't even really know it's
happening no you think come on we're
playing with dolls and all sounds wrong
