Hey look at bitch yes Quinn okay so
obviously we didn't have a baby that
would have been so bad now I mean so I
would have killed it I almost killed my
dog because like you know dogs are and
it was like a god Felicia I went to
traffic I'm like well I said anyways
okay so we never had a baby but we
actually have a baby coming out right
now plastic wrapper oh my god it's
awesome you know I know we created a
show we were working on this thing
forever we talking about it forever it's
called party girl and it's out now on
freeform we'll leave it in for me put
the links down there it's free right
watching yeah it's free and that's we're
part of like Pretty Little Liars is like
yeah so if you're a big fat liar like me
and you like some pretty little liars
and you let some party girls go download
it this is not sponsoring I'm not gonna
paint I'm just really excited she's so
good in the show I'm in the show here is
a clip if you are not convinced the
princesses are here the world is a
beautiful place we're gonna brave for
summertime we're older we're going to
look back on days like this we're just
gonna laugh I don't think so yeah or
we'll be dead so how bad is this job
really it's not my dream job but I took
a bunch of quizzes online / work
outdoors is that real blood I'm worried
that it is I need someone to wear the
bear smells like old person vomit
hit me this is a real business not a
pretend job like yours I'm so sick of
putting on a fake smile for spoilers QB
did you just call my daughters spoiled
I'm sorry that's the part that bumped
you I know this isn't the dream but we
do have a lot of fun I mean these guys
are like family
I thought those for your friends a mess
and I'm selfish and I'm sad our rivers
garden is a subhuman bug go I've never
done drugs before what
or I have a doing this for like a
million years you got pee on my dress
can I go home no time for a dick cake
all you got to do is smile smile see
it's funny it's great it's actually
really really well the best thing is
like I told you that I wanted to do the
idea and you encouraged me to do it and
you helped me get off it on so thank you
I'm so frozen and it's funny I just
celebrate this baby we're putting out to
the world we're gonna kill some babies
today come on so I got I'm so excited
you'll be really go telling me no you
think come on oh we're playing with
dolls and all sounds about right
okay so I got pregnant Barbies that had
babies inside of them and you'd like
watch them give birth bitch and then
that's not crazy enough I also got some
fake blood in case like there's not
enough real but then I got this it's
called a baby alive oh my god I've
actually heard about that yes you feed
her and she shits I have friend whose
kids and he's like I had to go buy
diapers like for dog no dirty bitch haha
oh my god
cuz she's our baby Whoopi to her Taco
Bell yeah
and then over on her channel really
kicking up a notch and we're gonna walk
a liar to pregnant Barbie I don't know
why it's happening okay so here she is
I love her mouth I guess next time she
is ready for the deed I'm okay look at
this make snacks for me feed me I eat my
diaper by the way look how excited that
girl is to change a shitty diaper have
you ever changed
I'm concerned that who looks like that
like if your poop looks like that call a
doctor
honestly my poop looks like okay so
let's break for open
oh my god baby dead like this game rip
her out of her womb what hell it oh my
god strangled can you see that she's
literally being strangled by than that I
look like to all they don't wait playing
the way you play
my bitch
oh no I speaking with bitch hello wait
scoot oh my god she's hello wait maybe
her she kinda looks like me you know oh
my god Oh breathe it our child she's a
mess okay what you think is it hey
snacks please it's better wait give her
the kiss she said I got me okay time to
feed this bitch
wait me t put a diaper on her Oh bring
her right okay Oh bitch that's what we
call a wide-set vagina
alright you change her I'm scared oh my
god thank God Mary why do I got to do
this for a real question she looks
fucked why she looks destroyed but get
her edgeless drunk
Oh beautiful hey let's feed this quick
okay so what do we give her first okay
so I got her some beans bitch shut up
I'll think beans are a good idea I
wanted to be like realistic like what we
would eat so here we go listen get ready
to eat you're feeling
okay here we go why should I need it I
think we have to like Oh is there a
special like there yeah bitch expect I'm
in between
she loves it wait this kid knobby right
she loves it I think I need something
like point here to stab down her throat
hold on this is Wow I use this pumpkin
Carver I think what I mean just like get
in that mouth you were sick mommy she's
hungry burn more should I give her some
Mountain Dew fries yeah she loves a good
specialty drink okay I think what we
should do is just like whore down her
foot or strong it lets get a strong the
beans okay wait bring her up okay here
we go
oh what a queen you ready I'm gonna just
blow it down her throat oh my god I'm
gonna vomit
I absolutely cannot have this just make
me say look how deep it goes down oh oh
my god stuff you keep going can I have
another condom shatters oh my god let's
do the Khan challenge with our baby
oh my god you're dating with her tities
way oh my god she's shitting she's
bought hot blasting okay wait should we
open her ass up or no let's see her more
first of all she need some hot sauce she
likes it spicy need to pay the dude she
loved the vodka keep going Wow
wait oh my god wait fireball i4d okay
here we go
oh yeah maybe oh my god wait is it
coming out of a pony a time oh my god
she's like a whole bottle what a queen
I'm impressed and proud okay I think
what we should do too is like to get
everything moving like really shake
rattle oh my god okay
we hire nanny wait what's next we should
we shove other things in her Oh dessert
okay there's an infinite delight she's
like cute little puppy like cinnamons
oh that's good oh my god oh nice mom let
us live through you eat all the good
food
Oh get it baby oh she loves it how's
that gonna come out well I think I have
to like push it out it okay the moment
cheat okay here we go
okay this wait we should go like by her
ass right here we go see if aureole I
made a turn a church I feel like it's
probably gonna be freely played revving
boy to 300 stand her up and shaker hold
on baby oh my god business - what why
are children playing with this why does
the thing oh my god I for the record did
that endorses perfect no this is oh boy
you know what's even crazier if like
rinsing her out is gonna be everything
are you ready all right so I guess just
like oh my god oh my god come on baby
she clogged it's not she stops
I think she's done what do I do with her
oh it's so dark me just dreaming of food
chewing in my sleep I feel bad for her
well she does she's going under check it
out forever we have to put her out of
her surgery we should just chuck her
into my neighbor's lawn grab on to your
child she's still trying to eat she's
trying to eat her way out
shoots throw at the bottom of the pool
yeah drown the bitch
she's floating II know where all right
time to play with the pregnant Barbie
there's more but this is awful so
supposedly the babies I hated their
heads coming I love it she was like a
cat dude stop it oh this one's pretty
your credit for you she's pretty I like
their outfits okay Mia how does this
work if I open this up what's gonna
happen and also who's this wait is she
supposed to go inside a purpose of that
are they dating it's huge okay wait we
need it we need a close-up we need a
close-up we open up her belly give them
that reveal Queen here we go it's time
by the way doesn't come out this way it
comes out is c-section yeah doo doo doo
doo doo oh my god oh my god oh my god
what is it
it had a baby so fuckin oh my god I love
the how progressive oh wait I think we
need to make this look more real oh yeah
let's use her okay she's pretty so the
baby's inside of her so no we gotta put
lash also what's wrong her legs they are
like scary skinny god okay here we go
yeah Oh Shane what it's real that's the
placenta okay
we're their ability part this knot goes
another to the plastic under a shaker up
you are insane dr. Jenn to the Chaves
come open our my finest heels for my
pregnancy careful face of makeup -
where's my husband he doesn't exist
cause she heard rude he not read on the
left all right here we go
oh my don't forget teddy bear oh my god
oh my god this is so real get it out get
it out really your scissors oh it has to
bond with her it has a volunteer we have
to bond together I love when momma's not
afraid to get a little blood on our face
oh it's not beautiful is that a miracle
that's the circle of life all right you
ready to get waffle iron means what is
our life wait I feel like kind of
undoable surgery let's put the baby back
I'm gonna surpass that oh yeah let's try
to shove him in if we had a kid this is
for sure what it looks like just like
baby batter it'd be a lot better okay
try to get try to get him in there she's
like honey I don't think this is gonna
work he's like no no it's normal I'm the
same size as the other kids my class oh
my god
biting the bitch like a canoe oh my god
I love that girl cute it's couple o
fuckin Mongols wow this is spectacular
cycle of fire help me
look I gotta go I honestly don't know
what just happened like I feel like my
dreams coming to ya
oh we're gonna make a baby take a shit
I'm gonna kill a pregnant woman I mean
listen I'm not about that life but like
in my dreams I am I just always wanted a
serial killer but I'm too nice
I'm Nico now but I got to only enjoy
that we're fuckin coming to her channel
subscribe and check out the video we did
where we put that made your waffle iron
it got even more creepy
I'd also make sure to check out her show
party girl which is out right now put a
link right there is free please go check
it out support it's really good we
worked really hard on it and we're
really excited and rain will kill more
bees but like not like or disclaimer
like fake babies there's also that baby
doll in my pool and it's probably bye
so since we started talking about the
Mandela effect probably a year ago it
has blown the fuck up everybody's
talking about it youtubers are talking
about it news outlets are talking about
it literally my mom is talking about it
and because so many more people are
talking about it a lot more people are
out there looking for proof and they
have found some good ones
