hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about some more
conspiracy theories and today we're
going to be starting with some more
Mandela effects and some updates on some
of our favorites so since we started
talking about the Mandela effect
probably a year ago it has blown the
fuck up everybody's talking about it
youtubers are talking about it news
outlets are talking about it literally
my mom is talking about it and because
so many more people are talking about it
a lot more people are out there and
looking for proof and they have found
some good ones ok so the first new
Mandela fact we're going to talk about
is about Seth MacFarlane's so Seth
MacFarlane is a guy who created Family
Guy and directed the movie Ted and we've
always known him as Seth MacFarlane you
know Seth MacFarlane that's how I
remember it it turns out we're wrong his
name has been Seth MacFarlane the whole
time what I specifically remember his
name being Seth MacFarlane and I'm not
alone I mean just look at these pictures
from TV Guide and different press
outlets and different TV show reviews
they all say step MacFarlane and if you
search it on Twitter everybody calls him
Seth MacFarlane but now we're supposed
to believe that it's been Seth
MacFarlane the whole time and we've all
just been wrong I don't know that one
fucking pisses me off ok so this next
one drives me crazy because it changes
everything I've ever remembered so
Mickey Mouse used to be my favorite I
mean he was favorite cartoon had toys of
him I watched all his movies he was my
fucking hero and I remember him having
red shorts and little red suspenders
even had two little buttons in the front
of the shorts - big yellow buttons that
held his suspenders together well turns
out I was fucking wrong Mickey has never
worn suspenders ever just look at all of
these pictures of Mickey from throughout
the years
no suspenders no suspenders no
suspenders just look at this clip to one
of his old movies
and this is a part that really blows my
mind I have this picture of me kissing
my favorite Mickey doll from when I was
like three years old and I specifically
remember the picture of me holding him
and he had the red shorts and the red
suspenders his little black body and I
Reluctant
lots of other people remembering that in
suspenders to just check out some of
these baby clothes some of these
Halloween costumes and even some toys
had suspenders and by the way there is
no way that he just has nothing on top
you're trying to tell me he's naked I
don't believe that okay so now we're
going to talk about some updates so one
of my favorite mandala effects is about
the movie star wars and it's when Darth
Vader said Luke I am your father
but he didn't as you guys remember in
the movie he actually said no I am live
long little I know fucking wrong but
recently somebody found a Christmas tree
ornament from 2005 that talks and it
says oh yeah they were literally selling
merchandise saying a line that never
happened in the movie then somebody
found a clip of the guy who plays the
voice of Darth Vader his name is James
Earl Jones
they found a clip of him literally
saying Luke I'm your father
check out when I first saw the dialogue
that said Luke I am your father
I said himself he's lying what literally
the guy who said the line remember
saying Luke I'm your father
and you're supposed to be telling me
that that never happened okay so our
second update is for the Sally Field
quote that we all remember being you
like me you really like me but it turns
out it was you like me right now right
well of course me and most of you guys
remember it being you like me you really
like me supposedly Sally Field
remembered it the same way here's a clip
of Sally Field on the David Letterman
in 1993 where she says it herself yeah
they like me they really like me yeah
even she remembers it being you like me
you really like me ok so this last
Mendel effect we're going to talk about
involves the celebrity death so as you
guys know the actor Gene Wilder who
played Willy Wonka died recently but
when it happened I had this weird
feeling of like did this happen a couple
years ago why do I remember this fitting
a couple years ago but I didn't really
look into it well then a lot of other
people started feeling the same way and
then they started looking into it and
then people found it rest in peace gene
Wilder Facebook pages that literally
said he died in 2013 as you can see here
in one of the BIOS that says gene Wilder
died late Tuesday March 26 2013 natural
causes yeah so those Facebook's were
created years ago and said he died years
ago but supposedly he died just this
year ok so let's move on from and LFX
onto something even fucking crazier
something that literally has ruined my
life this week that my friend Drew's
house and he had like the Amazon echo I
think and you can talk to it and say hey
Alexa play me a song do this do that but
we were playing around with it he said
oh and we read all the conspiracy
theories about these speakers and I was
like oh what and then he told me there
was a theory that these speakers were
created so that they would go into our
houses and record everything we say so
the idea is that the government wants to
hear everything we're saying at all
times
so these speakers that we put in our
family rooms or that we put in our
bedrooms can literally pick up every
sound in our house and then we advertise
it as like oh these speakers are just to
make your life better to make your life
easier just check out one of the ads
Alexa what do you do I can play music
answer questions get the news on weather
create to-do lists and much more awesome
yeah kind of creepy when you think about
it and what they don't tell you is that
those speakers record everything you say
because their idea is that oh it's going
to record everything you say so that the
speaker will learn about you and
remember your voice and remember
things you want and that's true they do
record everything you're saying but you
know it's even creepier what's another
thing that you talk to and ask questions
and ask for help something that you have
on you all the time that was supposed to
be creepy I forgot I told her to call me
the Queen but anyways yes siree
so Suri is in your pocket all the time
she's with you everywhere
recording literally everything you're
saying Apple even put out this quote
confirming when you use Suri or diction
the things you say will be recorded and
sent to Apple in order to convert what
you say into text all of the data is
used to help Suri and diction understand
you better and recognize what you say so
they're basically admitting that Suri
does record everything you say and use
it for learning abilities which is
bullshit but there's another theory that
your phone is recording everything all
the time not just when you ask Siri a
question literally all the time here
let's just have Siri ourselves Suri are
you actually a government spy no comment
that's fucking creepy right no comment
but that's great down Suri do you record
everything I say this is about you not
me Suri is everything I say being
recorded by you and being sent to the
government me I mean listen bitch and
dodging the question okay so this next
conspiracy theory is about the movie
Peter Pan so Peter Pan is about a boy
who never wants to grow up and who will
find little kids and neighborhoods and
take them with him onto this journey to
never Neverland and there they'll stay
young forever now there's a theory that
the story is actually way more fucked up
and a lot darker than it sounds well the
theory is that Peter Pan is an angel and
he takes the children who have died with
him to never Neverland and that is
heaven and that is why
yeah so Wendy and those other kids are
all fucking dead and Peter is taking
them Ted I know fucking sad and totally
changes that entire movie to me and now
for some reason makes a lot more sense
because the other versions like why is
this random dude in the middle of the
night coming into these kids bedrooms
and taking them out of their sleep
take them into never-never land well
here is another part of the theory
supposedly what actually happened was
there's a fire in their house and the
kids all died and while they were
sleeping and then after they died the
angel came took them away I don't know
it gives me the chills but honestly it
all sounds kind of beautiful if you
think about it no it's just creepy okay
so this next conspiracy theory blew my
fucking brain and that is because this
is about one of my favorite things of
all time and that is the theory that the
Titanic never actually sank okay so you
guys know how obsessed I am with the
movie the Titanic so this fucking really
confused me I did not want to believe it
but then after I started actually
looking at all of the research and all
of the proof I think I do so the theory
is that the company that created the
Titanic also had other boats which is
true and one of their boats was called
the Olympic and supposedly the Olympic
had had a couple collisions and was kind
of on its last leg and they didn't want
to lose all the money that they were
going to lose when the fucking Olympic
couldn't go anymore
so before the voyage of the Titanic they
switched ships so they put the Titanic
logo on the Olympic they put the Olympic
logo on the Titanic and then the boat
that left with all those people on it
that day was actually the Olympic and
they knew it was going to sink and they
wanted it to sink so that they could
collect insurance money
I know it sounds crazy but honestly it's
not that far-fetched when you listen to
the evidence number one the portholes so
on the side of the ship you can see all
the portholes
well the Olympic had 16 and that Titanic
only had 14 well here's a picture of the
Titanic on the day that it sailed and
now it has 16 and you know what else has
16 the Olympic so did they just swap
them a few days before the same seems
that way number two James Cameron was
going underneath the water to look for
the
and I can look for pieces of it you took
a bunch of pictures and a bunch of
footage and you got the side of the
Titanic now when you zoom in really
close on the side you can see a big
letter M and letter P well you know what
else has the big letters m and p on the
side of it the Olympic number three the
Titanic had an almost impossible time
finding people to work on the ship so
around the time the Titanic there was a
big coal strike which means there were
thousands of people out of work that
were desperate for jobs but for some
reason nobody wanted to work on the
Titanic nobody wanted to be an engineer
nobody wanted to be in the ship I mean
why would that be if you're out of work
aren't you willing to work pretty much
everywhere especially the biggest ship
ever made that everybody's talking about
well supposedly people in the town had
heard rumors that the ships were swamped
and that it was going to sink for
insurance money and because of that they
did not want to work on it number four
people who are really rich II bought
tickets for the Titanic most of them
didn't show up one of the richest most
powerful guys in the world at the time
JP Morgan had a ticket for the Titanic
and then a couple days beforehand
decided not to go and he claimed it was
because he was sick well then the New
York Times spotted him out with his
girlfriend hanging out having fun not
being sick on the day the Titanic
so did he not show up because one of his
rich friends that owned the Titanic was
like nah nah nah poor you don't want to
do this we're gonna sink that shit flex
and money doesn't sound like the
craziest thing in the world and the last
piece of evidence is really fucking
convincing a man named James Fenton who
worked on the ship said on his deathbed
and that the Titanic didn't sink that
day the Living Dead he said he survived
the sinking of the ship and then once
him the rest of the crew that survived
got on land people from the government
were there
well James and his coworker friend said
hey guys we know what the fuck you did
we heard all the rumors we know that we
were on the Olympic and the government
people said you say one word about this
we will throw you in jail forever and
that's why he never told anyone
until the day he died I don't know I
mean listen I love the Titanic and it
doesn't change anything about that like
all those people still lost their lives
and it was awful and the movie was still
fucking everything but maybe it
should've been called the Olympic okay
so our last theory kind of hit home for
me now a lot of people say in the
comments Shane are you afraid to talk
about like the Illuminati and 911 and
LFX and all these things aren't you free
that the government's going to come and
fucking kill you through your window and
I usually say now that would never
happen until now a man named max Spears
who is a famous UFO ologist recently
died of natural causes or did he a few
days before he died he sent a text to
his mom saying if anything happens to me
investigate now supposedly he was about
to uncover some really crazy fucked-up
shit and then he just randomly died of
natural causes not only that the cops
decided that they didn't even need to do
an examination on the body he died of
natural causes let's just bury him right
away
well his mom came out and said no no I
think my son was murdered
so did he die of natural causes or like
his mom thinks and like a lot of
conspiracy theorists think did he just
get too close to unveiling the truth and
the government came and took him out
either way I'm not gonna walk in the
doors later let's go hopefully enjoy
these conspiracy theories today and if
you want me to make more these videos
please give me a thumbs up so I know and
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I make new videos every day
if you want to see a bunch of my other
conspiracy theory videos I will put a
link to a playlist right at the top of
the description below and let me know
down in the comments if you believe in
any of these and also if you have any
more Mandella effects because it is
obviously my favorite thing in the
entire world to talk about
aren't you guys elves you little
theorists tomorrow so I got this like
healthy lunches you wanted healthy you
wanted healthy too you know you were
like let's do a healthy move bomb yeah
because I'm trying to like get in shape
and I know you are too and so really god
I knew you needed to like I knew I
looking your pictures and I was like oh
it's going up I'm kidding that's my
picture
