yeah we should go around the table and
say what would thankfully I don't know I
feel like this year more so than ever
has been one of my best I just I'm
hacking tent with pretty much everything
right now which is weird I really like
my job I have a cute apartment I have
great friends I have a cute relation
Jesus Christ to get like five points to
get there Wow
hi guys welcome to eating show I mean
with the Gabi hi the gap oh my god the
eating shows you a new YouTube a Pinchuk
oh my god shitty job Wow and I'm the
crying show so we're ready I know guys I
did an eating video I've done a couple
where I've just eat and talk about stuff
and Gabi always comes up cuz you guys
just love her you love thinking about us
fucking for some reason true that's why
there's all I pampers I feel like people
think about us fucking because it's so
relatable cuz like in movies and TV it's
like beautiful people fucking each other
a really good point
Shane wow you're are we are like I think
you're great but we're like real and
like not Hollywood and thinking about us
fucking is like sad and relatable you
know I mean shit is real like
realistically I'm the girl that you
would have to settle for after you tried
for a while to get somebody a little bit
better and you're like oh she's like
really nice when she's not PMSing and
she's like really cool in her videos so
I can do this yeah if I close my eyes
wrong right I'm the guy who like your
dog like you're so over dating and your
pussy doesn't work anymore so you're
like I'll guess I'll fuck Shane yeah
we're definitely the settle group here
and so that's what we're gonna do today
because you guys wanted it and because I
wanted it cuz she wasn't I got fucked no
what I meant was we're gonna eat well
you guys listen we gave you a challenge
last time we're like if you get his
500,000 thumbs like I'll show her my
dick and you didn't get it there was Oh
hundred thousand thumbs there's at
400,000 that's it that's it I wanted 500
you wanted 500 if it gets the 500
eventually can't still happen but you
didn't give it a time limit fuck I
didn't think about that you didn't give
it a time limit I'm saying if that video
gets a 500,000 I think you should stand
by it
what okay fine I wanted to see it today
oh I'll probably whip it out okay so I
got us some food so here's what we're
gonna do I'm gonna show you our food
we're gonna eat and just talk okay
so I got it's like healthy lunches you
want it healthy you want it healthy -
you know you were like let's do a
healthy move bomb yeah because I'm
trying to like get in shape and I know
you are too and so really God I knew you
needed to
like I knew I looking in your pictures
and I was like oh it's going up I'm
kidding that's my pictures no so but I
did get us a tree okay
two days yes this restaurant has these
are books are they everything you're
freaking out right let me open it up
these are on here guys look I've shown
this before I've had these before
they're called sticky buns they're
gluten-free they're vegan smell it oh
yeah smell that another time when it's
vegan as we're about to be like ha ha ha
ha chicken no in 8 8 let me give you the
perfect but it tastes like a kid running
with that fuck yeah we are okay it
tastes like a church I like living in
your world ready give him an O Holy
Mother my god guys sois check she's just
touching me she's mourning my mom huh
isn't it fucking everything yeah Oh
fucking it the best thing you've ever
had it's so fucking know it's pretty
fucking lip BAM good for you thank you
very what yeah I didn't say it I didn't
say it new I'm sad as I started saying
that ironically and then it became a
part of my vernacular and now it's Who I
am
I say lip BAM that makes everything
inside of me want to die which is
already dead so I'm a youtuber I'm short
purple hair now and I say things like
what fam this is not good that they gave
us there's one of us we only ordered two
meals and your sticky buns is rude why
are they making us feel some type of way
okay so we'll put that up here okay so I
got you first of all I got you honey
chipotle sauce which is my every can't
wait for you to try that I felt like a
pokeball done we're trying we're trying
it right now hold on
everything isn't it so good okay this
restaurant is the shit okay so I got
boring I got chicken vegetables and rice
that looks so healthy though mmm we got
you a turkey burger green beans and
mashed taters okay that's gonna be gonna
stop screaming now I promise this is my
reaction to food why would don't stop
it's just like so extra I don't mean
only got a little on your lip oh boy I
feel nervous now yeah I feel like now
it's like it's almost like cheating
which is sad okay so let's talk about
that first row so I did have a moment
I'm gonna be honest with you cuz you
texted me about it yeah so I'm currently
yes and I was like oh I'm clapping with
the gabbie show and he was like Oh fun
though have fun or whatever and then the
thumbnail came out oh this was our first
video no this was recent
so was it thumbnail the pancake mouth
one yeah he was tall he was like he's
like no everything's fine he's just like
I've just never been in this position
I'm like I like this right kind of a
weird position so when you date people
mm-hmm and like you make out with me or
other people I camera dude they react
this isn't even me just trying to be
super relatable I haven't dated somebody
in so long that I've never been in a
situation where I can be like oh like
can I kiss this guy on camera cuz
anytime I've been online I've never had
somebody that it was like to the point
that it would be weird you know I mean
what would the first time we made a
video where we really made out um you
were dating somebody right mm-hmm
yeah I don't remember his name but you
showed me a picture and you're like I'm
a huge Allah person the only person it
could have been is the guy who I did the
one video about the um he dumped me for
the dumbest reason yeah that has to be
the only guy but that even was only like
a month and a half so at that point I
don't even think it would have been an
issue no you were still with him and you
were like you were like I met him on
Bumble and then I was like oh my god I
saw a picture and I was like okay he's
like whatever yeah and then after we
made out I'm like oh you gonna get mad
and you're like I don't care take that
point we were only together for like two
weeks though so it literally was a
non-issue
like I think we watched that video
together I'm pretty sure that's weird
well my life hahaha so are you dating
now mmm I always have someone on like
texting you know what I mean you mean
fucking no one how many dates does it
take for you to fuck I honestly this
does let me try to be like
high-and-mighty I wait a really long
time just because in LA it's such a
sketchy situation
everybody has STDs yeah and I was with
everybody has a motive but also STDs
everybody mmm to me it's just like
there's so many struggling actors models
and you just never know like I've had so
many guys lie to me and say like oh what
do you do for a living like I don't know
what you do and there loke been
following me since like 2012 yeah no
well speaking of dating let's talk a
little bit more about sex because I'm
curious about what you do because I feel
it you're a giver
like are you like what is your favorite
thing to do like if we were actually
gonna have sex right now
we weren't have sex don't like walk me
through it I would just want to make
sure that you were having a good time
oh you know what I mean yeah and I think
guys are always really nervous because
they're always like oh like are you
finished is this good for you and
they're always worried about that like
oh yeah I just want you to tell me I
want you to come and she's like hey you
like I'm just saying you're here where
it's good we're nice you know I just
have to be like this really crazy
pressure thing I just think both people
should be having a really good time so
be like hey what do you like and if I'm
like down then we would do that wait so
I got a comment cuz I was like hey guys
what should we talk about and somebody
asked me about deep throating and I know
it was a joke but now I'm curious mm-hmm
so when you're like sucking a dick well
I feel like you do so much because like
former fat people or like people who
have issues suck dick and a pussy like
crazy because that's what we can do mmm
like that's what we're that's what we're
really good at your room so like are you
like do guys say to you like oh my god
I've never had it like that um I've been
told I'm doing no again I think it goes
back to like I like to make people feel
good like my point of sex would never be
like oh what can I get out of this it's
like let's like have a connection and
like let me make you happy kind of thing
so I think that's where that comes from
right why do you like to slob on enough
um I mean I like doing everything
because I like like you
I like making the other person happy
mm-hmm I just like being with somebody
like I like being with somebody I like
wrapping my legs right there
uh-huh cool I'm just wondering no I
that's my favorite thing in the whole or
my favorite in the whole world is like
laying with somebody cuddling with them
and like yeah sex is great sup and like
I like to do it but I just like to be
with a person a lot mm-hmm like being
alone is really depressing it is but
like I feel like I have this weird thing
where I'm so like don't touch me don't
touch me don't touch me like not
intimate at all until like I hit the
point where I want to be instant and
then I'm just like touch me all the time
when I hit play with my hair but I'm so
cold for a long time and I think that's
why a lot of guys probably get turned
off by me because like they're not
receiving anything but like once you
like break that threshold with me I'll
be your bestest friend interest rate
somebody also asked me our thoughts on
the election listen I'm not political at
all you guys know that
neither my whole thing is like politics
aside I was talking to somebody about
this the other day and like and no
offense if you like Trump but like it's
crazy to think that you can be a reality
TV show person and be the president like
you know what that means that means
little women of LA could be the
president
uh-huh different Shane Dawson that means
I oh my gosh that's fuckin scary I would
vote anybody who would go for you that I
heard ten thousand people voted for that
gorilla do you have a woman eleven
thousand a thousand people voted for her
wrong bag I heard ten thousand people
voted for Selena Gomez really mm-hmm
no a lot really Harry Styles and shit
too here's my problem with that okay so
this whole third party voting thing
there's a lot of like you shouldn't do
it like you're wasting your boat I get
it and I understand completely that side
of things but at the end of the day I
think that if there's a third party
candidate that you're like I really
believe in that person and I want to
cast my American vote for the person I
believe in I can't fault you for that
but when you go in and vote for Harry
Styles
you're just being like disrespectful
yeah vote for Zayn he's been through a
lot
haha like vote for Zayn can we talk
about name I have a lot of questions I
know people don't care probably about
Zayn right now but I I do
um because also Little Mix I have a lot
of questions everybody tweets me little
makes little makes little Jean over
there yes I do know who they are don't
particularly know herself I don't know
any of it because I'm not 12 no offense
but cuz I'm almost 30 I know that she
wrote a song about Zayn no one like
shout out to my ex-boyfriend so my
question is and by the way little mix no
drama I'll check them out if I won't
check em out the only thing I listen to
is like Avril Lavigne that's not a joke
when you say that oh I love that
relevance laughs no sorry I'm not up to
date with the new music I'm sure Little
Mix is great but my question is would
you ever write a song I guess make a
video I guess you do yeah but would you
ever call them out like I don't think
your story times or that mean would you
ever be like this guy this small dick
and I hated him I think it would
probably definitely probably definitely
depend on what he did to me you know
like if he was an evil piece of shit
which I've dealt with then uh maybe
you'd say his name though no but mostly
for legal reasons well that's the thing
too because I feel like people well she
didn't say Zane's name but if you
literally describe somebody like if I'm
if I fuck you and then we break up and
then I say like you know the bitch had
purple blue hair bitch does story time
videos
oh my god a lot rise a lot and then
they're like Shane why tell me yourself
and I got no no my hair's right so like
I don't know I feel like if I had a
really bad breakup okay somebody cheated
on you okay somebody cheated on you in
there really oh yeah why you somebody so
good babe when I hear a bug up story
actually ready I actually just
remembered this pretty recently um my
ex-boyfriend who was actually incredibly
abusive and terrifying no I didn't
forgive them until like I needed the
proof that he was cheating on me and
apparently this still was a proof enough
cuz I broke up with him in this moment
but um when we got in a fight and he
went out and he bought like a 30 pack or
like 60 pack or something of condoms cuz
you're just saying like I'm gonna go to
fuck all these bitches and I'm like okay
whatever but then like we never actually
broke up so then we had like a day where
we didn't talk or something or nose
I know it must want like a week or two
and then I went back to his apartment
and I'm just like did you do anything
like while we weren't talking which you
can't bottom quarks were broken up but
like I want to know you know what I mean
so then he's like no I don't touch
anybody I don't do anything bro - I took
the box of condoms that he bought and
then I went into the bathroom and he
went crazy and you're just like what the
fuck are you doing you're psychopath
like get out of here like what are you
doing and then I like literally took out
the condoms counted them and there were
like six missing so just like here you
Jesus like obviously use the condoms and
he's like no look I jerked off in one
and then I like gave one to my friend
and move on but like either way nothing
was adding others like okay I mean
listen though if you're not around at
five and he has condoms I have fucked a
couch with a condom and it feels like
you're a pussy I know for a fact
how many inanimate objects didn't suck
everything really low come on the truth
when you look around your room I could
literally grab things can tell you what
I fuckin have about this I'm going to
show you children at home this is a hat
I'm gonna show you I have fucked these
objects at my own house when I was a kid
and I'll show you how I did it
this one's obvious so you take the jar
and you fill it with okay I want to stop
you right there anything that's obvious
the general public does not need an
explanation this should not be on me
obviously you take this jar and you
obviously put two water balloons in it
and you opted so it's like makes a
little like crease and then you
obviously pour lotion or your mama's
Lube in there and then you obviously
fucking fuck Kentucky you're being
serious
you have put water balloons inside of a
jar no I used to use a Sacagawea no
cultural appropriation piggy bank and
I'll crack the bitch's head off fucker
did you actually use your mom's loop is
that a joke my parents had a lot of Lube
I want to ask my mom about it she's like
cuz I needed it and I was like oh you
asked her about it you and your mom have
a very open relationship
soda bottle so I try to stick a soda
bottle up my ass when I was like 13 or
something I stuck a toothbrush up there
and it was a nightmare and then I stuck
a toilet plunger up there I've told the
story before that was a nightmare so
then I was like well maybe maybe like a
girth is better like cuz everything else
hurts wait that doesn't make any sense
hmm I just wanted it my ass was hungry I
was thirsty and it needed a coke so I
shoved I tried it but I only got two
like here and then I cut my ass dead ass
fucking bloody ass I like cut my ass a
little bit and then I was bleeding I
didn't know what to do wait a minute
how old were you when you did this I
could have been Alison 13 and you were
like craving things in your ass at that
time yeah oh I was craving things in my
ass when I was like nine cuz I would
watch sex shows and they would talk
about how a guy's had prostate and how
they wanted to take a look it wasn't
like a dick thing I wasn't like shoved a
comedian it was like I wanted to feel
that because they said when you touch
that prostate it's a best feeling ever
really know your own asshole my fingers
weren't long enough cuz your process
Samarra so what do gay guys with really
small dicks do I'm sure like tragic like
a hook or there's bottoms I don't I
don't know well I have a gay sex
question okay okay so you know those
days like there's top bottoms inverse
okay so if somebody's a talk and it
literally always the top I mean I'm the
wrong person asses cuz I don't know that
much about the gay culture and I don't
really surround myself with like that
many white people that I don't know um
but I guess I find it a little I find it
interesting when gay guys are like oh I
only have write only bottom yeah like
it's a true though is that like I feel
like one guys getting the raw end of the
deal well but I also feel like maybe
they're saying that cuz they're ashamed
a lot of guys are ashamed to say that
they like getting fucked in ass a lot of
guys really oh my god but a lot of gay
guys you would even know they were gay
and they're like a shame to say that
they like it but like lemon is right
every
should put something in there at sea
even if they're not gay because like it
feels really good when you hit that spot
why wouldn't you do that yeah you touch
that spot and let you explode it's crazy
my next boyfriend I'm going to stick
somebody with that do it guys by the way
when you start doing it he's not gonna
tell you to stop he's like gonna be like
oh what are you doing and then like once
you keep going he's but you don't think
it like feels weird at first like I
could see that being really unsettling
you know we use it it's like you gotta
go fast hmm like you gotta like not let
him know what happened like he'll be
like am i pooping and then like be like
it's okay babe yeah are you gonna blow
jobs yeah I mean I'm good at eating out
I'm gonna blow jobs I'm good at doing
stuff to people because I know like I
like making people happy that's what I
said yeah that's what we'd be we would
have been really good together well
maybe one day can you tell me about the
best sex you ever had though cuz I feel
you always asked me those questions that
I get super embarrassed I mean I never
asked you them back my problem is I'm
like really into emotional connection
and like romance so I've never had like
a one-night stand I don't have a story
of like oh my god I fucked so hard was
crazy like my best sex I've ever had
stories are more like it was the first
time the person said I love you or it
was like the first time like you know
what I mean look that's not like how
many said I love you to you not
including your mom obviously right zero
no I'd say for real I feel like that's a
lot of times to be in love I'm a lover
hmm did you love them back I'd say the
first time I was too young and I didn't
really know what it was how are you oh
I'm only give anything away oh I'll look
for that pretty even say I love you
maybe they even say it I don't even know
if they said it well here's the thing I
love you and that's all that matters mmm
no blows my heart we got the shudders
coke in my ass guys'll say shit to me
and girls I guess like just people in
general and like they'll be joking but
then I'll take it is like oh well they
were joking but they probably meant a
little and then it's still kind of like
seeps is what it finds its way into the
cracks I'm like oh my god does he like
me a little yeah so now I have a little
seed in my head like Moo me machine does
love me and I'm leaving oh my is Rylan
gonna be upset about our video that we
did cuz we're like the thumbnail of it I
don't think so
you sure oh my god we should call him
right now okay cool
fuck this is so good it's the best thing
ever I'm like a little stressed I'm
gonna
one more piece in honor of calling
Ryland hey I'm uh I'm MOOC banging right
now with Gabby and I have a question I'm
planning a moving for tomorrow what
whoo-hoo you fuckin alright here's a
Gabi's question is are you jealous and
also we just did a video for her channel
we didn't do anything but in the
thumbnail she is on top of me and it
looks like we're having sex being really
quiet hello wait hello
wait what I don't know I'm like you lost
service Oh call failed oh my god I was
like it's just got to be this is going
to real oh my god that actually my heart
stopped
it's like when I prank on you oh my god
that could have been really bad
that was what if he didn't hello wait
your phone just went out right oh my god
we literally thought you were mad and
give a silent treatment and my heart
stopped that I almost cried okay so in
the thumbnail it does look suggestive
but all we did was read fanfiction we
didn't kiss we didn't fuck we didn't do
any didn't think no fingers but that
thumbnail is her like know it like looks
like we're kind of like doing stuff are
you mad well it wasn't for my channels
for hers no no baby okay here's what I
said on my channel none of that although
we haven't taken my thumbnail picture
yet so I don't know but but but just
know that like are you but honestly on
the real are you mad okay I asked that
it cuz if it was my boyfriend
I'd be like you shady bitch so I was
like oh maybe we should ask Rylan so we
called you and now I want to know for
like for real do you hate me true okay
but that tone sounded iffy well it's not
like if you're dating a porn star like
you have to accept the fact that they're
gonna fuck somebody you know right it's
kind of like that and I think he gets it
I think it's cool of him okay see
oh no does it not happen on camera
violently
alright alright we got your approval we
didn't do anything about it proof is the
one disliking all my videos as soon as I
go on
alright have fun at work well there you
guys go
you wanted us eating and talking with no
filter that's yeah I have fun this is
great I did too I love this maybe um
you'll have lunch with me on the real
sometime oh that's kind of cheating
though if we're not like working and
like we're hanging out then it's like
why you want a date with Gaby I can't
wait for all my relationships to blow up
in flames because of shabby always be
here though ruining them all internally
I gotta go hopefully enjoyed us eating
and talking about sex and our feelings
and fucking each other I thought it was
a lot of fun if you did give us a thumbs
up if you want us to do more
500 thousand likes and I'll shove my
fist dinner please show me his penis
guys go over to her channel subscribe
and watch a video we did what are we
doing it oh yeah we reenact it
fanfiction and we almost had sex but we
did it because you have a boyfriend
right and that's the reason we didn't
have sex because you're right that's the
reason yeah alright guys he has line at
least in comments below giving us topics
for the next MOOC bang maybe I'll do it
again with her
who knows if you liked it then maybe
we'll keep eating and talking together
hmm you do your hand thing ah sometimes
I feel like I'm a rhino in a skin suit
is there a label for that trans Rhino
rhino fluid Rhino queer oh my god me ha
ha Rhino queer that's fucking me oh just
put my gay ass head on a rhino with a
little tiara bitch that's me
Rhino Queen
