guys today is a very special day because
we got a deal now every time I get
sponsored I try to do something crazy in
the video and today is no different
guess what we're doing $5,000 not just
no idea no we're doing something even
better I'm gonna give you a pocket I've
never understood that style if you were
crying every single day in high school
in your bedroom locking the door hoping
that somebody knocks and asked if you're
okay
then you don't get punk at it high
school get out of this car so thank you
so much to best fiends I appreciate them
so much let me just tell you it has not
been easy lately on YouTube best fiends
is really coming through and really
helping me out I am just really excited
that they wanted to sponsor this video
so I'm going to tell you all about the
game in the best Punk voice I can do
that was better best fiends is a three
puzzle adventure game where you collect
and build a team of beings and defeat
slugs by matching same colored objects
just like all those slugs in high school
that we're all on my ass but you know
what I grew up and look at me now that's
been just happen - biggest holiday
update ever with over 150 new levels and
a chance to win character exclusives
like sanitary you know what I did on the
holidays soon you'll be able to compete
with players from around the world using
the new global leaderboards so make sure
to download the game for free and if you
download it right now using the link I
put below movies five dollars of gold
and diamonds and if you download it
unlike my mom when she had me
we get it also fellow punks out there
please don't be offended by my punk
voice and I'm allowed to do that voice
because I did have my pumpkin emo phase
if you don't believe me here's some
proof
yeah no that was just gay alright let's
go get some funk outfit yeah you gotta
work no I'm not come on at least cry God
you've never cried before your life so I
want to show you some pictures that I
pulled for inspiration now I really like
this one wait is that you yeah what are
you serious why did you have so many
tattoos these are punk edits people
think edit where are you
oh I've arrived Here I am not that I'll
ever be as sexy as him but I like the
vibe bugged a loop I don't know why I
have this picture but this is you later
so that's kind of what I'm looking for
do you think people give it to me I
think I can combine what I like out of
the different photos and make it a
reality you when you saw my tender
somebody get me a whistle so I can take
a picture and fix ready now why were you
so surprised
oh my god can I please please get the
Lindsay Lohan dressed into these glasses
what I think I look like what I look
like
we've arrived to the mothership didn't
you save a shirt here
yeah I'm really Punk what happened a hot
topic oh my god Joey Graceffa has been
found in his grave gasping for air oh my
god it doesn't fit my head I don't hear
I love my new life he's suddenly single
what are you doing
stop judging me okay so it is later at
night and we what are you doing
that's not pop I'm never you're gonna
burn me with that and you know what
that's Punk okay so we're back home you
are so scary we're back home and I have
laid out all of our pump necessities on
the table here is our I just realized
this literally looks like a funeral for
Lindsay Lohan I have been trying so hard
to doing Mean Girls - it is not in my
hands
you can put down the camera oh it's
ruined Easter oh oh my god alright
here's what we're gonna do I'm gonna go
around the table pick up things I like
for my look and then you get to say yes
or no great okay oh my god this
literally looks like Avril Lavigne's
yard sale where's the Nickelback CDs you
seek their gloves oh this is a good dog
collar tight contacts what color should
I do I have green blue and pink blue for
your powder you have blue eyes over I
have green eyes I don't even know who I
am
oh my god wait look at this I can't
don't get closer look
when Bay says he wants to break up
now you're fucked are these plus-sized
female pairs potentially because that is
me this is no I mean even if they don't
fit I feel like we can make it work oh
my god those are everything
what does everything mean put on my red
screen tomorrow this is the start of
something now this sad thing is I didn't
oh my god so baby that is not how a
person acts what is this me after one
brandy okay I think we should do hair
makeup tattoo and piercings first me
when I'm Eugene okuni in the morning
before school oh okay so have some
tattoos alright I'll start with the NACA
time to do some thinking make sure your
skin is clean oh this looks like I'm
hanging right and everyone knows I
wouldn't do that on YouTube I would do
it on Instagram why it's so crazy how
much my neck feels like ham oh my gosh
oh my gosh shut the fuck up shut the
fuck she just peed in the toilet are you
fucking kidding me oh my god if he shits
oh my god we're getting a mansion oh my
god it worked
my tattoo works why is that actually
attractive really yeah I'll teach you my
whole body baby oh I love this I'm
getting tattoos real ones okay I think
I'm gonna put on the rest of these and
then we'll do a bake reveal all right
everybody
you ready to meet pain shots in
I'm still deciding but I think good I
don't know if you're like a badass or
misunderstood well alright well this is
only part one now we have to figure out
my context right
oh my god the brand is called so sexy
there's nothing sexy about confidence
hey I wear them I know there's nothing
sexier than hey baby you want to have
sex and then you like just a second no
that's a perfect eyesight I know okay
get ready for my new eyes insane Thanks
so I got my eyes I got my tat time for
my hair I never have black hair before
because it's flammable should get the
blowtorch is this permanent it smells
from me my shit look I'm part of the
blog squad Shane Dawson I'm old
all right here with you
thoughts I don't hate it really wait I
like it I actually don't hate this I
think it's kind of cool but that's Gary
so I never thought my life before
perfect is an eyeliner the one that goes
inside Oh God all right it kind of just
looks like I had a mole removed all
right so now that I have my hair my
makeup and my team and eyes it's time
for clothes so why don't you just pick
out a bunch of stuff put it in the other
room and then I'll go change and we'll
have my final reveal
okay ready yeah well
so what do you think I mean I think you
look oddly good really I feel good do
you really feel more confident like this
yeah with a bulletproof vest oh yes I
don't know I'm like scared of you in
this look or feel sorry for you in this
look I like the first one
are you following pretending like I'm in
simple plan's leave me alone I haven't
actually seen myself I don't even wear a
look oh my god
upstairs we go okay you ready here's to
the new me you don't like this I like
this I mean it's a lot this is literally
when you look like hi YouTube hey what's
up you guys
did you even know about it it makes me
feel dangerous and not just like it in a
health way what just happened I choked
on my piercing you are not gonna put
that in your mouth you act like that's
crazy for me all right what you want to
do is your new Punk self you know what
it's time for it oh my gosh just super
love
running out of time
I hope that I can save you some now
alright so there you guys go hopefully
you enjoyed that come back to my channel
tomorrow where I'm gonna be doing DIY in
my life it'll probably be confronting
more people in my past who robbed me
look how good we look forward his
channel and check out what we're about
to do to him which I am very excited
about ok Bob we're not doing gunk on so
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and hit that up against your belt is
something new videos every single day
and also thank you so much to best
fiends go download it is free I'll put
the link at the top of the script below
alright you guys have a good day
whatever
what me neither
oh yeah yeah block the haters
I'll be coming in the person I hate
