oh my god we just need to potty guys
with ah Rylan what happened I don't know
we talked about a lot of stuff it was
really uncomfortable we talked about sex
drugs and Jess we also ate a lot of food
how did you enjoy it
I liked it hahaha very honest I'm glad
that girls leche de bread check it all
by hand
hello my guys oh my god I'm so fucking
excited Oh today is the day I've been
waiting for ages a day you guys have
been waiting for it is a day my family's
been waiting for it's my funeral I hope
you were black
now I'm kidding I'm not dead yet sorry
mom I am fucking alive you know why
because today we're going to be trying
some fast food items that are brand new
I don't know this shit even existed I
was literally driving down the street
and I was with my friend and I saw Pizza
Hut and it said real cheese sandwich
pizza and I was like bitch way which is
what I said out loud so I wouldn't look
fat and crazy but on the inside I said
bitch what and then I send an email to
myself and I said don't forget about the
grilled cheese sandwich pizza from Pizza
Hut said you know what youtubers have a
business email where like they talk
about all their brand deals and like
they're dealing with all their sponsors
my emails are literally like Taco Bell
has a new cheesy core burrito hey Shane
new pizza hot item
hostess is talking about doing itself to
caramel Twinkie don't tell nobody like
literally just food my spam box has
actual spam in it bitch and it's fried
alright I'm not fucking talk to eat okay
so first we're gonna start with the
Pizza Hut masterpiece this is not
sponsored and I don't even wish it was
because I want to give that my money I
don't want to take it because what they
created here is so fucking genius they
deserve more money which is not what
people say when they see my videos
galaxy tuna sandwich somebody give this
guy really the hook
come on he's working too hard I know
this is the pizza I love the box by the
way I love this thank you fucking me if
I was Meghan Trainor's album cover okay
here we go is a big moment let's open it
up ah ah what is it gonna look like
oh my god what
dates went like they're right at your
zipper and they're like oh my god the
moment I hope I'm not disappointed who I
really open sound like that I hope
there's a lot more pepperoni in here
here we go
okay just like me very little pepperoni
interesting okay so what they also put
the receipt in which they should not do
because hey Pizza Hut anything you put
this box on the eat it if I can tip in
ranch imma eat it guess what bitch this
is Diplo okay so there's November oh
nice but I'm not mad at it because maybe
this is just like a whole cheese fiesta
now I guess the crusts of it all it's
supposed to be little grilled cheese
sandwiches which is such a fucking smart
idea if you're me you didn't go to
college
but instead you ate pizza okay so let's
take this piece out and let's get a
closer look so you can see that it is a
little bit different it kind of looks a
little bit like crusted cheesy bread who
the cheese just crusted over the back
I'm not gonna make jokes about this on I
would be like oh my god it's so gross
you're my team I bet childhood like I'm
just gonna enjoy this ship it sit back
and enjoy with me oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god bitch this is different
that I was expecting but I mean that in
a good way not what she said when she
owns it my separate oh this is different
didn't know you had a pussy but I'm
buying so it's fine the cheese the
cheese bitch it's not just like cheesy
crust for like you open it there's like
a little strand of cheese it's a fucking
cheese sandwich like there is actually a
thick fucking layer of melted cheese
inside it's like an actual sandwich oh
my god it's a ha if you ever need a hype
man just like in the background
literally what if they hired me to like
go with the delivery man or the delivery
man comes your doors is like yours
YouTube you have me in the background
line
since Jesus crush you better fuck it up
you better fuck it up another person cuz
if I eat this am I gonna look like that
and then I go you must be leaving me
comments on Instagram because that
sounds familiar I know this is fuckin
bomb I fucking love this Thank You
pizzahut for not fucking it up no Pizza
Hut did not fuck that up so I hope they
don't fuck this up although I don't know
I think good you guys know how much I
fucking love their big-ass brownie plate
will piss brownie play is s'mores
Edition which means there is melted
brûléed marshmallows on top are you
ready for the unboxing bitch here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh that
bit bitch oh my god look at the gluey
fucking melted chocolate bitch fucking
crusted as marshmallows oh I haven't
eaten today so I'm like dying whoo
alright
oh I'm drooling what's gonna do this
alright let's take a hunk Oh bitch fuck
me off I'm not even hold it back today
headphone users you're gonna die food
porn Watchers better grab your tissues
is about to get gross
alright here we go I'm sorry I'm not
sharing with anybody here it's just me
so I'm gonna do this oh oh oh oh all the
gooey bah here's the thing if you're
gonna get this item you better get ready
for some poo fingers you better get
ready for a new wardrobe because you're
not gonna fit into your current one and
you better get ready to have no friends
because the noises that are gonna come
out of you when you eat this are going
to make people never want to talk to you
again but you know sometimes a family
holiday of karaoke and like your kooky
air is like what was the thing I Will
Survive I know the bitch gets up there
in your life I wish you wouldn't survive
I wish she was dead that's exactly what
would happen if I ate this in front of
the noises coming out of my throat first
I was afraid I was petrified thinking
Pizza hood would fuck this up but bitch
I lied because they call this shit so
right but a bitch it is so wrong because
I will gain about 45 pounds
none of that rhymed it was just all true
that the real music is I don't know
about you but after I have an entire
large grilled cheese pizza and an entire
platter of brownies I like to wash it
down little something sweet and that's
why I got the mystery airhead Slurpee
from Taco Bell now I am nervous for a
few reasons number one the coloring is
very similar to something I made earlier
when I opened up that pizza box well if
you can really see that but uh it's
coming also it looks like there's comes
ripping down the sides of it which is
usually what happens in my talk about
cup anyways just can't hold back when I
see that Crunchwrap supreme more like
Crunchwrap wet dream I'll go alright
let's try this I don't really know what
it's supposed to taste like I mean I
know an airhead like a mystery flavor
can taste like anything
I don't need airheads so like this is
all this a mystery for me which is also
what she said when she owns it way all
right here we go oh my god
this is so good I don't know what it is
though it literally just tastes like
that I mean it literally just seems like
every like sugary fattening piece of
food I've ever eaten into one ah this is
fucking good and you know what the
consistency is not bad it is not coming
it is definitely like really like soft
and cool not like Mike humm my comments
more like jagged and um hot like burning
like it will burn your throat and also I
know you technically can't get pregnant
from like swallow income but with mine
you can and those babies at least and
they have claws and they will rip their
way out of you like two months in
sometimes I feel like I'm a rhino in a
skin suit is there a label for that
trans Rhino rhino
fluid RINO queer oh my god me haha RINO
queer Becks fucking me oh just put my
gay ass head on a rhino with a little
tiara bitch that's me
Rhino Queen okay so this next item might
be the first one that I don't come over
and that would be the jack-in-the-box
hot cheeto burger now this one is not
sold in that many places I don't even
know if it's completely out yet sorry I
had a lot of YouTube for jokes for that
but I'm just gonna hold them all in so I
kind of created my own because I just
want to know if it works so here I have
oh my god oh fuck here I have a big
burger with some hot cheetos in it oh
they're falling out oh it's baby Hot
Cheetos I don't know why I made a
disgusted face that's a fucking dream oh
my god it's a train ranch oh my god I
would have dealing cool
let it fill a ranch keep it forever oh
my god remember guys bitch you slip in
bitch you trippin you dip in Oh such a
catchphrase icon okay let's get into
this again hot cheeto burger all right
here we go
a hearty no-knock I'm like I don't like
the mixture of textures Oh dry what
better French oh the texture of like a
hot crispy cheeto with like old lettuce
and like old tomato and in a bun that's
just like lifeless just like the most
lifeless bun you've ever had your
grandma's bones bitch
Oh like when your grandma's wearing that
muumuu she gets up and it gets caught
her underwear then you see all of it
you're like grandma I know you're old I
know you're senile put your ass away
bitch also grandma I'm very confused it
looks like your butt has a tongue why is
your butt sticking its tongue out at me
like grandma's ass hold on I'm gonna do
an impromptu poem my grandma's ass had a
lot of sass sometimes it did a little
pout
sometimes it's look it's a little but
hotel now but now she's up in heaven
annoying Jesus saying it's almost 7:00
and then Jesus says yeah so that's my
bedtime don't you know NoHo and also you
gotta go grandma fell to hell but she
was okay and she told Satan man is cold
in heaven and I think Jesus was gay the
end okay time for another misstep um
Burger King should stay in her Lane when
your name is Burger King stick to it
like my name is rhino clean a bitch I'm
sticking to that but now the bitch feels
like trying something new she decided to
start making dogs now I don't know why
Burger came I think this is a good idea
they are now making chili cheese hot
dogs like that would be like me doing
like acoustic singing videos nobody
wants that like one day I'm like hey
guys I'm gonna do an acoustic version of
sorry and I tell him how since high hell
nobody wants that maybe some people
because I do have a beautiful voice no I
don't my singing teacher in high school
said it made him angry so there's that
anyways let's try this dog I'm about to
possibly go back on everything I just
said because bitch fuck me up also me
that hair that big body that little
piece of shit on the back of his head um
this looks good look at all that fucking
cheese oh this is how I like my chili
dog I don't like my chili dog like
overwhelming with chili I like a little
chili and a lot of cheese alright let's
split in half let's see it what she's
doing on the inside okay okay alright I
was expecting more of like a I got more
flicker but it's okay I'm not gonna
judge her on that alright here we go
they don't you my favorite thing chili
dogs from Burger King a platter of
brownies made for a queen and soon so
Chipotle bitch fuck me up these are the
reason my weight goes up I know this is
good I'm very surprised it is salty is
like cheesy the hotdog is cooked right
you know what Burger King good job
switching lanes keep it going maybe next
you'll try pizza but don't come from out
bitch pizza or we will cut you whoa next
move it also side note I know I make a
lot of jokes by gaining weight let me
give you a breakdown I'm fat okay no um
I do feel like in the last year you know
I kind of myself go a little bit I kind
of I mean I always eat healthy I like
never go crazy like I knew these videos
I would take one bite but like in real
life I don't really get that crazy but
like the last year I've kind of like let
myself go I've been in a relationship
I'm happy I'm not like stressing so I
have gained maybe like 10 pounds or
something but I just started a new diet
eating really healthy going to the gym a
lot and I'm feeling a lot better about
myself
so hopefully you will see a little bit
of a change but honestly even if you
don't know how to like care I'm happy
with myself I'm in a good place
I'm gonna go eat that Pizza trash okay
last but not least we have talked about
rival Chipotle now they have a new
burrito called the Teresa burrito a meat
made out of pork I think but also maybe
chicken I don't really know all I know
is that when I was growing up my stepmom
was Mexican or is Mexican I don't know
why said was I know she's Mexican so she
would make chorizo and make like all
those Mexican foods and I would love
that
and I remember really like Teresa but I
remember it really making me sick I
don't know why but let's see it this
triggers my memory all right first of
all I mean this is the biggest burrito
I've ever seen it's the heaviest burrito
I've ever seen oh my god oh my god Oh
let's do this oh okay it is triggering
some memories I did a good wait don't
worry it's not going to get dark guys
this is triggering me standing around my
stepmoms kitchen dipping my big fat
hands into her crock pot and her saying
get out of my grandpa that's not a
Jamaican oh this is so good fuck could
you not get in there Museum you see huh
oh she just grew oh my God look squawk
there goes my diet
that was my Matt laughing I know this is
amazing this is so fucking good oh my
god oh my god okay I'm done I'm done I'm
done
no for real I'm done okay
I gotta stop oh my god guys this is been
the best day of my life do food in my
teeth food on my shirt food on my face
I'm happy but I know that's me trying
too much a brand new fast food items oh
I love that experience so much if you
enjoyed it too please give me thumbs ups
window and subscribe my channel remember
opens up new videos every single day and
if you want to see more videos at me
eating crazy foods I'll put a link to a
playlist for the top description below
all right you little fast foodies I will
see you tomorrow bye if your life sucks
right now and you're going through a
bunch of shit you should be happy
because that's going to make you a
cooler person later all your friends who
are going through shit their life is
going to be so boring later and they're
gonna be so depressed and they're going
to be so like lame and they're gonna
have ten kids and be like I don't want
to do this anymore it's going to be
depressing so be happy that your life
sucks
