hey what's up guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to what the fuck five
you're looking really good today me on
the other hand not so much so yes
anything Paula tell I am doing no-shave
November right now wow you look really
bad things and I can't grow beard so
much as I can make it look like a bunch
of pubes are drawn on my face so that's
great
anyways I won't point or another during
our lives we all claim to have the worst
parents but unless they're putting shit
in your hospital IV tube we're starving
you I'm playing World of Warcraft for
three months straight chances are
they're not that bad so yes for today's
list we're kind of down B 5 worst
parents of all time and spoiler alert
your mom is probably not on it even
though she didn't buy you that Dragon
Ball Z action figure you want it really
bad when you were 12 um if you're
watching this right now I will never
forgive you for that it was $5.00 what
the fuck - coming in at number one on
the list is this mother who in order to
get the attention of the medical staff
caring for her sick son decided to shit
in her son's hospital IV tubes okay or
it could be like excuse me miss my son
could use some medical attention
not my son needs medical attention I
guess I'll go shit in his IV tubes dafuq
I barely know the mother put the fecal
matter that's poop to you and me and her
sons IV tubes to spike the fever so that
the nurses would care more for her son
but the West Virginian mother 35 year
old Candida fluty
which sounds like a terrible serial no
one wants to buy hey kids do you like
terrible food then try new tasty Candida
fluty
I hate was caught on camera doing the
crime otherwise nurses say they may have
never found out about it anyways poop
veins mother was sentenced to eight
years in prison and luckily her son is
alive and well living with his aunt
so hopefully doesn't shit on anything he
owes number two if you've ever returned
something you didn't want then maybe you
can relate to this next mother who after
adopting a kid from Russia decided she
bit off a little bit more than she could
chew when she returned the child to
Russia on a one-way plane ticket okay
lady I don't want to tell you how to
parent but I'm pretty sure that's not
how that works congratulations ma'am
here's your new son oh okay yikes um so
I actually ordered a girl can I uh
can I have this aborted no he's six
years old dammit okay uh well I have my
receipt so no heart no fell good luck
kid have a good life yeah we'd probably
just put him back in the box but
apparently the 33 year old adopted
mother torie Hanson returned the
six-year-old achtung sample he a really
bad pronunciation my bad to Russia after
he exhibited quote unstable and violent
behavior when the mother caught him
making these two action figures fight
each other
oh are you fucking serious bitch the
mother went on to say quote entire state
for the better my family friends and
myself I loved longer wish to parent
this child that's what she decided to
pack up the six-year-old shit say sorry
kiddo and give him a one-way ticket to
Moscow Russia this is fucked up because
like imagine that you're six years old
and your mom was just like no he kind of
sucked by don't fucking scar you for
life
number three I think the worst present I
ever got for my birthday was a literal
piece of glass for my grandma I don't
know why she thought in her old brain
that a piece of glass is a good present
but yeah but even as bad as that
president is nothing in comparison to a
mother who got her seven-year-old
daughter breast implants for her
birthday what the fuck the mother Sarah
birth also known as the human Barbie
who's famous for spending thousands of
dollars on cosmetic surgery decided that
instead of getting her daughter a doll
or a puppy she would get her a ten
thousand dollar voucher for breast
implants saying quote hot attachment for
a fifth job - I get but the bad choice
as you can guess it what you said damn
mother play go what the fuck was that
boys for daughter poppy in response and
I can't wait to be like mommy with big
boobs pretty oh god what's fucked up
about this is that you're teaching your
daughter that beauty is external that
beauty is something you have to buy that
your worth is how plump your lips are or
how big your tits are at age seven also
to add to the awfulness of this story
apparently she also taught her daughter
how to pole dance like why is this a
thing yeah I'm done with this one number
four how can we get any worse than that
last one well we can as it was reported
in Georgia a story of two parents who
wanted to buy a minivan but lacked the
cash to do it so instead
you know leasing to think for 280
dollars a month the mob decided to the
best way to get the car was to trade the
car salesman for sex with their 14-year
old daughter and unfortunately for the
girl and my sanity 67 year-old car
salesman Robert Bearden did not do what
a decent human being would do and go
what the fuck is wrong with you we
really want this minivan hey what are
you doing with nothing man just
literally lighting you on fire the man
actually went through with it and had
sex with the girl okay how the fuck as a
parent could you ever let this happen a
minivan I mean I'm not saying that
anything would ever be a good trade but
fucking seriously anyways all three were
charged with child molestation and sent
to jail and unfortunately not burned
alive I don't usually condone people
being lit on fire but fuck and finally
at number five a South Korean couple
make their mark on this list after they
neglected to feed their three-month-old
child because they're addicted to online
video games okay I've heard of parents
being neglectful because they're like
addicted to crack or heroin you wanna
see a real fucked up scene about that
watch Trainspotting but video games
ironically also become we're playing an
online game called an enema where the
goal of it is to raise a virtual child
hey at least they were good at that
right virtual parenting skill level 100
real live parenting skill nope just know
what I don't get about this story is
like obviously they had to eat right but
you can't like video games for three
months straight without eating or
drinking anything so like how the fuck
did they manage to feed themselves but
just completely forgive him a child like
I don't know it just had to be you know
crying the whole time - in this case
while the police did arrest the two was
unfortunately too late and a child died
from starvation what's even worse is
that the mother of this incident didn't
even get any jail time and that judge
was basically like you know just don't
do it again or whatever glad to know
that South Korean justice is just as
awesome as America got this story sucks
anyways that is it for this episode what
the fuck five hopefully you guys
appreciate your parents a little bit
more now I know I do
hey mom yeah I just want to say thanks
for not shitting in my IV tubes when I
was a child
selling me into sex slavery for a
minivan and getting me breast implants
when I was seven anyways if you enjoyed
this video make sure to give it a like
and also subscribe to this channel as
there will be more every single week
also be sure to check out my newest
video on my channel which is a what the
fuck news
click here to check that out that's it
I'll see you next week for another what
the fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
