heads of you guys yes I am back with my
big bag of food and my big gross shirt
ready to party so yes a couple weeks ago
I did this video where I just ate my
dinner with you and talked about random
shit that was going on in my life and
you guys liked it and it went over well
and I'm really happy with it
so I want to do it more um so today I'm
going to eat my food with you
so grab your food pause this video go
get all your treats or if you're not
eating right now leave this video come
back later when you have your dinner or
if you're like me and you just eat all
day every day well then just keep eating
okay so today I'm going to be semi
healthy so for my actual meal okay hold
on it's at the bottom underneath all the
cakes my actual meal I got chicken
vegetables just to prove I'm not lying
chicken vegetables so that's fine I'm
trying to be on a diet right now I know
I talked about dieting it's that way too
much my problem is I'm really good
during the week and then on the weekend
I totally fuck it up like during the
week I can do chicken and vegetables and
candy and sugar and wait no that's
that's fucking it up okay never mind
I fucking about me anyways umm then
because we're being good for the actual
meal I'm thinking for dessert we should
have a few options so I got these which
fish let me just show you your new world
okay so this is fucking it's they're
called sticky buns they're like big
churros they're from a healthy
restaurants and they're like gluten free
and vegan and shit but they do not taste
healthy at all they're literally not
healthy I feel like anything that's a
gluten free vegan we just say like oh
it's healthy but no it's that's just
sugar and fat and it's wearing a big
turkey shirt then I have this carrot
cake because I was in the mood for some
carrot cake and then finally I have this
like brownie chocolate heart thing my
diets going literally just showed a
dessert oh I love when they give me five
pairs of Forks and it's just one of me
anyway
okay so let's start with the healthy
meals let me take my first work okay so
what are we going to talk about
let me go to Twitter I asked you guys
what you wanted me to kind of talk about
so let's see okay Katie says talk about
why you decided to go public with your
boyfriend okay so as you guys know from
the last MOOC bang or eating show
whatever the fuck we're gonna call this
shit I can't see my food you don't want
to see come on don't you guys want to
see that beautiful chicken and vegetable
mmm
once again take pictures of what you're
eating and like take pictures of you
eating and watching me and like tag it
and send that shit to me I don't know
makes me happy why did I decide to go
public okay so here's what have I have
dated a few people in the past couple
years and I have never gone public with
it because the other person wasn't
really in the public eye that sounds
weird what I mean is like I never dated
somebody who was on camera before so my
boyfriend Rylan he is on camera he's on
a channel called clever and he does like
a bunch of shows on clever where he
talks about celebrity news and stuff and
so he's like you know a public person
kind of so we both Instagram our lives
we both snapchat our lives and it got to
a point where we were trying to like
keep each other out of each other's
things because it was like oh let's not
like be a public relationship because
that's weird and I don't think either of
us really wanted to do that but then it
gets hard because I mean I've been with
him for almost eight months it's been
like eight months and you I don't want
to hide that part of my life anymore and
it'd be easy if he wasn't on Instagram
and wasn't on YouTube and stuff because
I just wouldn't take pictures of him but
because he is you kind of have to talk
about it so like I get it listen I'm not
a celebrity but I understand why
celebrities come out when they are in a
relationship and they say like we're
dating because if they don't then
everybody's just speculating and saying
like are they or aren't they or why are
they lying or are they hiding it why are
they hiding it so you know me and him
else I got a lot of people to think I'm
hiding this or that I'm lying or
pretending I'm not dating him because I
am dating him and I really like him a
lot and it's going really really well
and
happy and not want to show that part my
life I guess but it has been interesting
I mean a lot of people have been really
nice like I mean I got text from family
and friends I even got text from Lisa I
got texts from people being like I'm so
proud of you for like talking about your
relationship and I was like go because
it is kind of a big deal I've never
publicly talked about like being in a
relationship with a guy before that's
kind of a big deal or is it I don't know
I guess it is I'm drinking water I'm
trying to be healthy cut to my ten cakes
I'm trying to be healthy move anyways
that's how it's going it's going really
well and I'm really happy yeah that's
that okay next time Dom wants me to talk
about Eugenia Cooney I wouldn't be
another dessert um so Eugenia Cooney
here's the thing I know her she came on
my podcast she was the sweetest person
in the whole world like so sweet
obviously sugar-free um for this week
and I feel bad for her because here's
the thing so what's going on right now
is people are like protesting to get her
taken off of youtube like there's a
petition going around that like
thousands of people have signed and they
want her like banned from YouTube
I think that's stupid because here's the
thing how do I say this
okay yes she is extremely thin we all
have eyes you can see that you can
clearly see I haven't showered in a week
so like should I be band off YouTube am
i encouraging people to not shower
probably I mean I understand when fans
are like we just want to like help you
and we just want to make sure you're
okay and she gets that like when she
came on my podcast when she said she's
like it's nice to know people care about
me you know but I don't have a problem
but it's nice to know people care about
me but what I don't like is when people
are like oh she's encouraging people to
like lose weight or she's like
encouraging people to be anorexic
no she's not she's not making videos
called like how to get skinny or like
how I'm so fucking skinny or like you
know have a thin to the tiniest clothes
ever like fucking food is gross like she
doesn't do that she's literally just
like why I am still emo which girl I
mean I talked about it on my podcast
with you girl it's 2016 clean you need
to stop encouraging kids to be emo girl
encourage them to be if we took the new
emo fat meat no just kidding
love me emails but like if she was
making videos that were like
pro-anorexia that
get it and it's like Oh take this bitch
offline like this is crazy but she's not
so I don't know I feel like people need
to leave her alone I feel like it is
very sad and I love her I think she's so
sweet and I feel very bad for whatever's
going on but I would never like support
people getting rid of her I feel like
that's that if anything who knows maybe
she is dealing with some eating
disorders or some serious shit maybe
YouTube is what's really keeping her
alive
if she didn't have YouTube as an outlet
maybe she would you know what I mean I
don't know you never know all I'm saying
is you don't know what the fuck people
are dealing with behind the scenes long
story short I wish her well she's verse
sweet and she does have a problem I hope
she gets help you know but it's not our
job to like force that ok next comment
Audrey wants me to talk about vine being
dead that's sad but also called it I
remember when vine came out I was like
this is not going to last because vine
is forcing people to be creative and
people don't want to be creative like
Twitter Instagram YouTube you can kind
of post one of the fuck you want you can
literally just like sit and eat in front
of a camera and post it but vine gonna
swallow vine was fucking hard I could
not do it you had to like think of a
joke in six seconds and you got to like
special effects and music and all this
bullshit like people don't want to do
that but I am sad because vine to me
wasn't about like I didn't watch like
minors any much like Nash Grier and all
those people because I'm an old man and
that would be weird
I just watched like New York memes I
wanted ads like dogs doing your things I
bought like animals doing cute things
like I like vine for that reason I just
loved all those stupid vines so now I'm
gonna be sad because I don't know where
I'm going to see those because Instagram
nobody really post those Twitter no to
really post those so that's depressing
and I am sad for all the people who like
actually like make a living off the vine
that's sad I don't know if anybody does
anymore like everybody's kind of moved
on to like YouTube and shit but it is
sad that people are like making fun of
it like who move owns did like how sad
would we all be if YouTube died you know
I mean if people made fun of it that
would be like fuck you next topic
chicken want chicken this person's name
is literally chicken hello how did you
know they want me to talk about
one-night stands where do I start
okay I have not had one-night stands Wow
it sounded like I was gonna go into some
crazy stories but I really have not had
sans I'm like here's what I've had I
would go on a date not really like the
person but they would like me and I'd be
like okay because like that's all I need
is for somebody to like me then I would
like not be interested but then I'd
still like make out with them because
I'm like well they like me so then the
second date I'd be like telling my
friends like I shouldn't go out with
this person I really like them and then
I'd still go umm because they text me
like I like you gonna be like I'm coming
over then the second day we go to dinner
then it would turn into a thing where
it's like do you want to come back to my
house and I'd be like oh like I'd rather
go home and like watch TV but like and
then they'd say I liked you and then I
go wrong so go back to their house you
do like foreplay type stuff and then I'm
like okay I really don't like this
person like I'm really not into this why
am I doing this I don't even know if
they're into me anymore like this is
just sad then I go in the third day
because they still like me
I had some good dates I had some good
yeah I don't know but there was a couple
in there that were like really
depressing and I remember one time I had
this person come over trying to be like
as not descriptive as possible because I
do not want them to see this um I had
this person come over and were up in my
room and they were convinced I was a
serial killer like I made a couple jokes
I was like I have a baseball bat under
my bed and a butcher knife haha because
I do because I'm afraid of getting
murdered middle tonight oh god what are
you gonna do with that I'm like I'm
gonna kill you haha just kidding do you
want something to drink and then they
just start freaking out they're like is
this person for real like is he actually
macomb because I don't give any
information on myself before I go on
this date because I don't want them to
know me youtuber because I feel like
that's a turn-off so I just say like oh
I work in you know like I just make
something up so they come over they
don't know what I do for a living I
don't know who I am
I literally hide - anything that looks
like Shane Dawson like my movie poster
my book like I hide everything and then
they just see a bat a butcher knife and
nothing on the walls and they're like
I'm dead so this person would not stop
they're like are you sure you're not a
killer like this is really creepy like
like convince me you're not a killer I'm
like listen I'm not that warning I don't
need to fuck you like I'm not a serial
killer I would much rather you leave
anyway so I can watch little women of LA
and like jerk off but then we had sex
and it was fine and then I never
talk to that person again and I don't
know why and it's awkward because I've
never talked to that person again but
they never talked to me again and I
actually like that person but why did I
not want to see that person again I
don't remember this is what I do
Cameron wants to know what are you
listening to interesting okay um let me
go to my iTunes and see what I've been
saying to this is embarrassing okay I
have been listening to Jessie
McCartney's album from 2009 it's good
okay listen I know it sounds lame but
listen
okay I'm embarrassed I'm already
embarrassed why am i doing those who
I've also been listening to Jojo do you
remember her yeah and now see with me
taking singer off the planes to grand
final she has a song hold on oh here it
is yeah that's all I'm gonna play
copyright reasons um she's really good
you know what I didn't I'm gonna be
honest
monsters clot me I did not like Lady
Gaga's album when I first heard it but
then after a few listens I was like some
of the songs are actually like really
good like there's one called million
reasons which is like a slow song and
it's like probably my favorite gaga song
ever
I guess you good I guess sounds like I
was gonna say - reminds me of that whole
da the gods of music are killing me
right now for saying that you reminds me
of that song it's a crime there's
another song called dancing around or
something and it's about masturbating
that's long as everything it's actually
a good album and I'm kind of mad that I
hated it first so yes Gaga did I say it
right I don't know what else I don't
know I listen to old music like
literally the song of it listening to
the most it's literally something like
1999 like that's what I don't say
god I'm so old okay let's move on to
some desserts because I know you guys
want to see this not this good
we're gonna start with a sticky bun
actually because it's fucking it
everything do you see that oh my god oh
oh my brother crunch oh my brother drips
ooh we should call my mom just curious
what the bitch is up to I wonder if she
even knows what a mukbang is hi I'm
doing a MOOC thing right now
booping' yep
no MOOC bang so it's a video where I eat
food and I just talk no it's like it's
called mukbang it's from China I think
but it's like people eat food and they
just talk oh okay people just eat food
and talk okay umm yeah so I'm eating and
talking to you okay um what did you do
today I just got in my car to go get a
coffee drink because I need to step away
from the geometry for a minute me um
what kind of coffee drink here you can
get some kind of pumpkin spice latte no
I can't have sugar so decaf nonfat iced
watching yeah I can't have sugar either
alright well have fun with your uh
you're not moot banging what other
dessert can we got ah this something a
little Queen this is like a brownian
torch and I'm let's get to talk about
YouTube drama I literally don't get the
fuck like I have no folks to give but I
have a lot of tour to eat so let's do it
the only drama that's gonna happen later
is on the scale and the bitch is gonna
have receipts did I say that right I
don't understand receipts I don't know
if that means like when people are like
I have two seats like I don't know like
what kind of receipts like if you say
somebody's talking shit on you and you
have receipts like what does that mean
also who gets receipts anymore I don't
think I've had a receipt and like a
month when I go to Walmart which is
frequently they don't even give you
receipts they just give you sighs they
just give you big and that's my receipt
but YouTube drama is the thing and
people love it they love
about it I don't give literally any
fucks about it because I don't know
these people and care about these people
even the people I know I don't care
about because it's not real whenever
people are like oh my god did you hear
what this person did this person did
this person dude I'm like no because I
don't care about that person but also
like oh that person bought subscribers
and that person is a robot and that
person is a liar and that put like
animal like give me a good marina Joyce
scandal you know I mean like show me a
bitch who is in trouble
show me a girl who has a gun to her head
and it's an Isis member and they're like
make a beauty guru video bitch like
that's everything but like all the other
stuff like you're back I just missed the
days of marina bring back the old marina
is she okay do we know I haven't seen
her videos in a while that scares me
carrot cake oh this is gonna be bomb
actually maybe not because this from a
healthy place let's see how this is fuck
off I'm sorry you're actually eating
with me I'm spitting my food into a bowl
that's gross I'm sorry I had to see that
all right so the last topic we'll do is
from Sid and it's do you want kids I go
back and forth on this I mean listen if
kids are as hard as you know no because
of that fucking dog you probably notice
he's not here right now you know why cuz
I literally had to send his ass off for
the day while I film videos because he
is a lot
he's always barking not barking he's
always nibbling on something he's always
shitting he's always peeing he's always
like rubbing up against me trying to get
me to scratch his penis which I don't
know if that's a thing but like he loves
it and like I don't know if I should
stop doing it but like I should stop
doing it's gross but he's like a lot
that's like a full-time job like I have
to find him babysitters
I feel like go to the pet store and buy
food like it's a fucking lot I can't
imagine having a kid I'd have to like go
to the store buy them food like fuck
that unless my kid gets like eat Taco
Bell with me then that would be chill
but like if I have to actually like cook
for them not happening also just in
general like kids scare me like I feel
like they're mean like some kids are
night kids are like pit bulls it's how
you raised them if you don't raisin that
well they'll murder if you raise them
okay they'll still bite you if you don't
raise them at all watch the fuck out but
there's never like a nice one like pit
bulls can always turn you know and I've
had
and they've turned kids can always turn
you think they're being sweet to you and
then they go are you really gonna wear
that does that fit your legs what's that
are you okay are you emotionally eating
literally I've had kids ask me that I
don't know I just feel like kids make me
nervous they make me uncomfortable
I do want one I think sometimes I want
one like when the holidays come around
because Halloween and stuff isn't really
fun when you're an adult because like
you can trigger creates it's creepy and
then you see all these kids in the
neighborhood trick-or-treating you're
like well it looks so cute looks so fun
like you see all the dads taking them
trick-or-treating that's kind of cute I
don't know so maybe I will have one in
the future but as of now I think that
would be bad for the kid and for me but
if I do have a kid I want to make sure
that he's like cool but I also would
make sure he has problems like I want to
make sure his life is kind of fucked up
because my life is fucked up and I
turned out good mmm
ish I want to make sure that like he's
kind of fucked up because I want him to
be interesting and not just boring like
privileged and shit I want him to have
some issues and like some hurdles and
some you know things to get through
which by the way if you're a kid and
you're watching this I'm sorry but also
if your life sucks right now you're
going through a bunch of shit you should
be happy because that's going to make
you a cooler person later all your
friends who aren't going through shit
their life is going to be so boring
later and they're gonna be so depressed
and they're gonna be so like lame and
they're gonna have ten kids and be like
I don't want to do this anymore it's
going to be depressing so be happy that
your life sucks boiler is go hopefully
you enjoy this mukbang eating show
whatever the buck we're calling it
hopefully you ate with me and I didn't
make you sick and if you want me to keep
doing these let me know in the comments
and maybe I will I don't know I feel
like it's fun I like talking to you guys
about random stuff and eating and just
being gross also make sure view this
video thumbs up if you liked it and you
want more mood bangs and leave a comment
letting me know why you're eating right
now and your thoughts on anything I
talked about and subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to my other move bang I made I'll put
the video link right in the description
below and you don't look bangers I'll
see you do might be like speed out there
teeth brushing and I put like two little
music do that
dan
