good morn-ting welcome to a day and my
life I know you're thinking Shane we
didn't want that well guess what you're
gonna get it um yes I just woke up and I
have to film videos today edit and take
this little shit out for a walk and by
kick him out for a walk I mean I have my
friend coming over and he's gonna take
them out for a walk look I usually take
him out for about myself but I had to
film videos today so I needed some help
but first we have to take this little
shit out to go take a shit you ready you
know you ready to go shit somewhere
other than my bed yeah you ready to go
pee somewhere other than the floor you
ready to make my life not a living hell
no okay great before I do that let's do
like a quick outfit of the day just so
you can I can see what I'm fucking
rocking so on top I have a nice at
bayside sure that is from the state by
the Bell ask your dad's that they'll
remember on the bottoms I have these
nice little gym shorts um what happened
to the gym
I don't know haven't been in weeks and
then here it has been no show socks and
the only thing it's showing is my
cankles fashion icon so before we take
you out to shit let me just show you my
workstation
um this is my office not like your
parents go to like a real office they
like clock in and clock out and
sometimes get accolades or awards for
their good deeds well I get a box of
Froot Loops with wet wipes I think
that's called killing it so yes this is
where I'm going to film some videos
today gonna film some over here and I
haven't really shown you guys what's
happening in my pool because I don't
want you to fear for my life but let me
just tell you it's not going great every
time I have a problem I just go to
Amazon buy another pool floatie so I
have about one two three four five six
seven eight nine well did you know do
many to count who no fuck you doing
alright time to take a shit no I don't
want to play right now I want you to
take a shit take it oh yeah oh fucking
pop that pussy on the ground Queen yes
bitch yeah it's wipe away the hairs
bitch
yay alright fine I'll play with you for
like a second
but then daddy has to get to work and by
work I mean eat Froot Loops our camera
alright I don't know where this ball
came from I didn't buy it probably has
well just lots of diseases on it
catch oh I just hit him ahead bring it
back or just lay with it
Oh throw up there's those diseases I was
talking about
giving us a tour of who knows shit land
so this is the grass or you know shits
even though he's not supposed to cuz he
supposed to shit back here in the dirt
and this grass is new and every time he
shits on it kills it a little bit that's
fine cuz he's so cute oh my god I can't
even lie that was a cutest thing I've
ever seen
fuck don't run off what's he doing what
you doing what are you doing
what's you doing huh oh my god no Fox no
Fox at all also literally how I should
just like walking around my house just
like dropping loads as I go just like
listening to podcast walking around my
house pooping all over the place okay
that was a bad dog you're supposed to
move back to oh now you're gonna go back
there and like pretend that you're gonna
poop bitch I just saw you do you know
how expensive that grass was you made
that turd over there feel so lonely
because look at all his little turd
friends they're all hanging out at the
parties like they're all at VidCon and
he's like way over there in Ohio where
there's not even a fucking playlist what
a queen okay so I'm about to film my
video so I gotta put it in this tripod
turn on the light sit down and pray to
God you can't see the actual dirt on my
face yeah all right I'm gonna film this
video and I'll see you guys after
alright you guys I will see you little
light hackers tomorrow bye
boom and that's video so now we're going
to get up and look at the mess that we
created oh my god so I have a donut
baggie I have just a bunch of crap I
have my fruit loop milk I have a beer
cuz there was a hack that I didn't do
involving a beer because I didn't feel
like knowing it and then over here I
have it looks like actual shit throw up
in my sink which was not even from the
hack I honestly don't know what it was
from so now that this is done I have to
film another video I got a shower
because I feel so fucking disgusting
right now and then I got a egg wow this
is such a fun day Shane thanks for
bringing us along
no worries guys let's just do a quick
little fridge haul I have so many
liquids and no food I'm on something
called the soda milk and alcohol diet
going great for me I really need to
figure out what to do with this leftover
bucket of Halloween candy
nevermind figured it out
oh hi welcome to part 2 of my very
exciting day so right now I am just
going to drink an iced tea this is not
sponsored and I honestly don't really
recommend it because it makes my heart
race to the point where I think I'm
gonna die
but I'm going to drink this and figure
out what I'm going to film today today
is my like filming day so I like prep
videos and I get all the props or
whatever that I need I do all the
research that I need to do so today I'm
doing research for an alien abduction
video and I'm trying to figure out what
crazy foods I'm gonna eat but you've
probably seen all those videos cuz I
think I'm gonna upload this on right so
basically how it works is I sit here for
the two hours research post mate but you
don't know what that is I go on this app
and I order a bunch of food and then it
shows up at my house and I do that
because I need food food videos and
that's looking part two of my day and
its really fucking crazy and really
exciting hold on your fucking seats but
see more Halloween candy I love
breakfast so every morning I like to
start the day off with fruit so I had
eight last tapis bananas strawberry
cherry and lemon I know
lemon is it a fruit is it a vegetable
who really knows spend for protein I
like the hatha Mike's payday because
there's a lot of peanuts inside of that
and then sometimes I had a Snickers
Xtreme don't have a Ring Pop I put it on
my finger because I got married then I
go honey I'm home and I hear that was
the sound of nothing let's see if
there's actually candy in here I've not
tried there's no game over no I really
have not had that much of this candy I'm
not even really a candy person I know
that's crazy I'm orange like actual
cupcakes and like fucking eight layer
cakes like candy isn't really my thing I
actually haven't even opened a Ring Pop
should we do it let's do an on camera
fucking unboxing this is so exciting I
remember when I was a kid I couldn't
really have these because they didn't
fit my fat fingers see if anything's
changed ooh this one's blue that's cute
nope doesn't fit nope barely fits my
pinky well that's depressing oh wow I'm
gonna cut my tongue what the fuck was a
jagged edges on this shit fuck Oh
marriage is hard okay so I'm going to UM
throw this away because it's actually
not good and then I need to take a
shower
cuz I need to get ready to film some
videos you guys want to come along and
watch me shower what's that you're all
no no no please God for the love of God
no okay okay so I decided not to shower
because why so instead I use when you
brush my teeth and do this to my hair
and then voila I'm gross I also just
found out there's a cord that comes out
of my cupboard and I don't know what
it's for
but it looks real dangerous let's bite
it also you know just discovered what
the shower was dad what's this you've
never used this before
it smells like clean I don't understand
I wait is this a blue hair great hold on
I can fix this
oh yeah hi forgive me right okay and
then you're fighting I know guys are
like this is what we sub for and others
like giving you what you want is this a
guru do like they like speed out their
teeth brushing and they put like two
little music let's do that
dan that part goobers never show you
spit but on a realized bitch and I want
to show you everything except for me
showering or taking off my clothes or
well anything from an angle Oh with Miss
but everything else you can see just to
show you like how not guru I am I'd like
to say my bed right now she now like
most gurus beds are like wide and
beautiful nails like hotel beds minor
like you know Brown used to be whi
covered in dog pee I don't know what
that is just like well just a little bit
of poo and a baseball bat because you
know you never know
guru lies guys look at through nose pimp
come on little your corner you go baby
stop fucking mine this is rich he plays
with oh no he's my friend
and he makes sure that you know is
fucking all the bitches oh so what's
like a typical day with who know a lot
mostly he sheds all over my car and then
um he gets that a lot at Subway you go
to subway we do know oh God alright eat
the ships I am ashamed that I'm getting
subway and everybody's like oh my god
well this your dog and I'm like I don't
know do you pretend like he's your dog
all the time does it make you feel like
better about your life yeah okay good
all right no no have fun oh my god fuck
oh he's never that cute Oh outfit change
yes I am wearing my big turkey shirt
with my gym shorts and just my gross
face with the side of pee pads and some
crusted over P in the dog bed so I am
gonna go get some food and film a mu
bang video which I really enjoyed doing
a couple weeks ago just like sitting
talking to guys we did so that's why I
put on my big comfy shirt because I do
not like eating in any type of tight
clothes I don't know if it's like a
mental disorder or if it's just no it's
a mental disorder I just do not like
anything hugging my body when I'm eating
I like to feel like completely naked but
not naked
that would make me sad I like to be
covered um covered a naked me if I could
wear a bedsheet it literally would like
I get the MooMoo thing speaking of which
my grandma who had the hump in her neck
wore MooMoo mi her she also collected a
bunch of random crap that was so stupid
that nobody should have ever bought I'm
her okay my host mates here with my food
time for my human interaction of the day
he loved my turkey shirt he couldn't
stop talking about it it was like oh my
god where the fuck did you get that and
I was like Walmart he's like no and I'm
like yeah he's like really I'm like aha
and then I lied because I got into Kmart
Oh I record the whole thing and none of
that actually happened and you guys
caught me to lie oh well yes my food is
here I'm ready to eat I'm so hungry I'm
not going to show you what I got cuz
you're gonna see that tomorrow on the
move bang ah
and that's quality content so let's set
this up I just have my big brown bag of
food I'm gonna put it on my table and
this is my little setup from a mukbang
and got my light I got my tripod got my
white trash
table and I'm ready to get lit
are you sure you should be okay so I
just finished filming my videos I filmed
three of them today and now I am going
to effect so I've been working on the
short film or about a week now editing
um I filmed it I think two weeks ago and
it's based on my chapter for my book the
chapter that it's based on is called the
lottery which was kind of a sad story
but funny about my mom like being
convinced that we were going to win the
lottery but like Jesus told her we were
going to win so we went got a ticket and
like we spent all day like spending our
invisible money like going to open
houses for mansions and spoiler alert we
didn't win it but it's a really funny
story also kind of sad has a really good
ending um so yeah looking on that and
I'm probably honestly going to be here
for the next like five or six hours just
editing and I need to have a rough cut
done by today because then they're going
to start doing music for it alright so
here I'll give you guys a little big so
that is my mom played by missi pyle who
is so fucking good you seen her in a
bajillion movies look her up she's
amazing and he is max he's playing me
when I was 11 so nice not even any sheep
from the gym but cheap furniture
oh it's 100 crack you trying to sell
yard sales around your house so you
cover it in sheets and pretend like it's
cash sometimes I sit on a pile of trash
to do my homework
I mean we're marry rich oh fuck me hey
Mungo Gemma my couch
fuck yeah so that was obviously a scene
of me and my mom going to an open house
for a big mansion pretending that we're
rich
we weren't it's coming out really good
I'm really excited it's a lot different
than my usual stuff like a lot different
I mean that part that I just showed you
had a couple jokes in it but it's
definitely more of a drama which is
interesting like there are some sad
parts and the woman playing my mom
Missy she's so good and when she cries
in it I'm excited so I want to work on
that and that's kind of it so that's
been my day I know that probably wasn't
that exciting that's what it was and if
you want me to do more videos like this
where I kind of just like show you guys
what I'm doing I'll do them as you guys
hopefully you enjoyed my day I know I
did if you want more videos like this
give me a thumbs up so I know and
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I think new videos every fucking
day and I will see you guys tomorrow bye
there's no way that with all the planets
and all the galaxies were the only
living things and throughout the years
there's been so many sightings of UFOs
people saying they've been abducted by
aliens there's just too much evidence
for an opportunity and today we're gonna
be talking about a few more pieces of
proof that have appeared of aliens
existing
