hey let's if you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about one of my
favorite topics which is aliens now if
you watch my channel you know my
thoughts on aliens I a hundred percent
believe they're real there's no way that
with all the planets and all the
galaxies were the only living things and
throughout the years there's been so
many sightings of UFOs people saying
they've been abducted by aliens
there's just too much evidence for an
optin and today we're gonna be talking
about a few more pieces of proof that
have appeared of aliens existing okay so
the first thing we're going to talk
about is very creepy so back in 1997 a
guy named art Bell was hosting one of
his radio talk shows well he got a scary
frantic phone call from a guy who claims
that he used to work at area 51 so if
you don't know area 51 is a place in the
United States where supposedly there's a
bunch of alien bodies and alien
spacecraft and things that the
government are trying to hide from us
well this guy who says he used to work
there called the radio show freaking out
saying that aliens were going to take
over and just as he was about to explain
how they were going to do it his phone
cut off and the radio station lost their
signal check they are not what they
claimed to be hey if it aint filtration
tablets are particularly the area 51 the
major population centers wiped out so
that the few that are left will be more
easily controllable
I know fucking creepy now I know a lot
of people think oh this is fake but if
it was fake wouldn't the guy have gone
on for longer and said crazier things
why would his phone cut out also area 51
definitely exists every president talks
about it they all say that there's no
aliens there but that it does actually
exist and if a former employee one of
the radio is started talking about work
in there of course the lines are going
to get cut I mean who knows they didn't
just cut the lines maybe they either way
fucking terrifying okay so this next
video is a clip of something that
happened at a government meeting now I
cannot believe that this isn't bigger
news I can't believe I had never heard
of this before but during a government
meeting on me and that literally said
that aliens exist the document was
prepared which concluded that at least
four species had been visiting earth for
thousands of years finally say that
there are live ETS
on earth at this present time and at
least two of them probably working with
the United States government other
species that I learned about not too
long ago was called the tall White's
yeah what the fuck how have we not heard
about this why is nobody talking about
this okay so let me break it down so the
guy who's talking is name is Paul Heller
he's the Canadian Minister of Defense
he's an engineer he's an author and he's
been working with the Canadian
government for a long he also unified
the Canadian Navy Air Force and Army and
created one thing and that's called the
Canadian Forces long story short the guy
is fucking smart and he's done a lot of
shit so he says that aliens exist
fucking belief so just to recap here is
a few of the things that he literally
said number one there are at least four
different types of alien species and
they've been visiting earth for
thousands of years number two the
different species probably have
different agendas and should not be
considered as one entity number three
one of the species is called the tall
whites and they have been
working with the US government and
number four there are aliens on earth at
the present time yeah fuck so this isn't
the first time that like a reputable guy
has come out and said that aliens exist
another guy that came out to name is
James McDivitt and he was an astronaut
so in 1965 James was in a spacecraft
going over Hawaii when he saw a
weird-looking metallic object the UFO
had long arms sticking out of it and
then he did an interview claiming that
he thinks it was a UFO
we wouldn't never were able to identify
what it was and all of our ground radar
tracking data indicated that there
shouldn't have been another object
anywhere near us at the time yeah a
fucking astronaut says he saw a UFO how
could you not believe well then he goes
on to say that he talked to somebody who
has been abducted before by an alien and
he said that he believes I had an
opportunity recently to meet a gentleman
from Mississippi who claims have
actually been taken into a spacecraft
and quite frankly I believe that that
gentleman is telling what he considers
to be the truth I don't know I mean what
about so crazy people say they've been
abducted or a bunch of weirdoes go on TV
and say aliens exist or even when I say
aliens exist
you probably don't take it seriously but
we have a politician and an astronaut
fuck okay so this next thing that
happened is very fucking strange so I'm
sure you guys have heard of the men in
black yes it's a movie with Will Smith
about guys who are like trying to find
aliens but that movie is based on
something very real so many people
believe that men in black are part of
the government and they come and
investigate anything that's going on
with aliens so like if you have an
abduction or you saw an alien or you're
going to go speak out about it they're
going to come they're going to quiet you
up and they're going to threaten you
their job is to make sure nobody in the
world knows about aliens and the big
keep everything private and secret
they're known to wear black hats have
black suits they're known to have really
creepy pale faces with like not that
many
features and they're also known to go in
twos some people say that they even look
identical like two men in black would
look like the sailors well then in
October of 2008 somebody saw the man in
black and there's a page okay so here's
what happened there was this hotel and
this guy was managing at name Shan Samar
him and the guard of the hotel looked
out the window and saw a UFO flying
above the building they described it as
a large triangular shape with lights
well they call the cops cops didn't care
so they called UFO investigators to come
yes that exists
well the UFO investigators left they
couldn't really do anything and then two
weeks later two men look like men in
black showed up at the hotel looking for
Shane and and there's three witnesses
that were there in the hotel lobby at
the time well Shane in the guard were
not at that hotel so the men left so
then when Shane came back to work the
employees told him what happened and
said that there's these two creepy guys
that came looking for him so he went and
looked at the security camera footage
and this is what he saw
yeah two guys who literally are exactly
what people described men in black to
look like and just listen to how the
witnesses describe them they said they
were tall had black suits black hats
identical faces pale skin no eyebrows no
eyelashes huge large black eyes and one
woman said that when she was talking to
them it felt like they weren't looking
through I mean thank God Shane in the
garden or at work that day because if
they were who knows what would happened
okay so now we're going to talk about a
couple really creepy alien abduction
stories now alien abduction stories are
all kind of the same people say they're
sleeping in their bed and then they feel
like they're floating and then they see
a big light and then they see white men
standing over them and then they wake up
in their beds again some people say they
have pain and their rectum because
they've been probed some people say they
find like weird scars on their bodies
but most people say they can't really
remember what happened when they were on
this fish and most of the time people
don't really believe them because
there's no evidence sometimes there is
so this first story happened in 2001 so
there was a 22 year old girl named Amy
and she was in her bed sleeping her
friend was awake in the other room
reading a book then the friend noticed a
large beam of light coming outside the
window and then she heard the shattering
of glass the sound was coming from Amy's
room so she went opened the door and she
saw Amy being lifted out of her bed by
the light and sucked through the broken
window while they called the cops of
course the cops did not believe it well
then they found Amy miles away with
marks all over her body and her body
hair had grown at a rapid pace I don't
remember being taken just like I do
remember being dropped off but I was
asleep when it happened she may have
been dreaming but Amy Rylance says she
didn't imagine it when a spaceship
landed in her front yard and took her
away do you believe in aliens or UFOs I
do now I definitely do now
well when the cops were investigating
out that house they noticed that the
bushes around Amy's bedroom window had
been burnt like literally sizzled down
and the window was broken and the
curtain was ripped in half I mean if it
was fake that's a pretty crazy story why
would they think that also how would
they burn all the bushes like that that
would literally take forever well this
next abduction story goes even farther
than that so this is probably the most
famous alien abduction ever so there is
a guy named Travis Walton so Travis and
group of his friends were driving down
the highway when they saw the UFO Travis
got out of his car to check out what was
going on and then a beam of light hit
him and knocked him unconscious his
friends panicked and drove away and they
left him behind they later returned and
his body was gone so when they reported
the incident to the cops they of course
became murder suspects because the body
was gone so the group of friends would
try to explain to the cops that they
think an alien did it and they were like
listen we will take lie detector test we
are not lying to you so the cops said
okay and they gave them lie-detector
tests the craziest part they all passed
yeah they were all telling the truth all
of them really do believe that an alien
took their friend will later Travis's
body appeared miles away just like the
other girl and he did an interview where
he talked about it check it out when I
regained consciousness I was laying on
my back I I came too slowly but when I
could finally see I saw these beings
standing over me and that I just became
hysterical there was about five feet
tall they had no hair the rest their
features nose mouth and ears were small
and they were very quite I know
creepy but also the fact that he brought
out that they were white which a lot of
people say aliens are gray but the guy
from earlier the government guy he said
am usual life and now this guy's saying
aliens will wipe it's all kind of
connecting I think the creepiest thing
that he said was when he was explaining
their eyes and would it felt like the
main move did you so scary the thing
that bothered me most about the whole
experience was those eyes when they
looked at me they just seemed like they
were looking right through me so then of
course he wanted to take a lie-detector
test because he wanted people to know
that he's not fucking making this up
well guess what happened we took it and
he passed after his return Travis Walton
also passed a polygraph test verifying
the truth of his UFO experience I don't
know I mean how could you say that
that's bullshit they all fucking passed
a lie-detector test I mean unless
they're all insane and they all believe
something that didn't happen that's not
very realistic okay so now on to my
favorite which is UFO sightings so I
have talked about UFO sightings a lot
before I love UFO videos even if they're
fake I don't fucking care I love it well
here are just a few of my new favorites
so this one happened in Paris when a
triangular UFO the headlights on it
appeared nobody knew what the fuck it
was also it was triangular just like the
people in that hotel that we talked
about earlier said I don't know maybe it
was the same one
just
so that went all over the news and
people still don't know what the fuck it
was also on the news over in China was
another UFO sighting and this one
actually creeped out the newscasters it
was kind of funny right that's a UFO if
I've ever seen one
yep can you I get a ball at the airport
had to be showdown after people
apparently saw twinkling lights above
the airport terminal 17 flights had to
be diverted the last the latest sighting
happened just two days ago and people
say they saw four Lantern like objects
forming a diamond shape in the air
hovering in the sky for over an hour
an aviation experts say they don't know
what it was - China has had a lot of UFO
sightings here's just another one from
2006 then ended up yeah and there's
Malta to repeat yeah
wait did you see that it didn't just
disappear it disappeared and there was
lights you can see it if you slow it
down check it out oh uh it's so scary I
don't know that one might be fake too
but oh god people who have seen UFOs
they all explain it the same way they
say it's there and it lights and then
it's good
now this next video that came out is
fucking crazy and I don't know if it's
fake I mean it seems very fucking real
and also I don't know why somebody would
fake this but here it is it is a family
that is in a car driving down a highway
when a big beam of light shines out from
the sky
and starts chasing their car it's very
scary
one oh my god just the idea of being
like in the middle of nowhere
they fucking a shining light comes for
you I hope I never get abducted because
nah fuck that so this last thing we're
going to talk about is pretty crazy and
I don't know why I've never heard about
this before so back in 1983 there's
footage of a cow getting abducted by an
alien in the middle of the day a fucking
cow I can't just watch
okay so that happened and it was all
over the news watch Tom this latest
video that we have is extremely
interesting I want you to tell us at
home whether or not you think this is an
abduction take a close look at this
field of cars well how do you explain
that then yeah and supposedly this is a
thing I guess cows get abducted all the
time like there's been police records of
cows getting abducted all over the
country all over the world and for some
reason nobody's talking about it like
what I don't know that video might be
fake but it just looks so fucking real
I'm going to makes you wonder really
doing with those cows well there you
guys go hopefully you enjoy looking at
some of this proof that aliens exist let
me know down in the comments if you
believe in aliens or if you think it's
all bullshit also give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it you want me to
do more creepy videos make sure to
subscribe the chin right down below
because I make new videos every day and
you want to see more of my alien videos
or conspiracy theory videos I'll put a
link to a playlist right at the top of
the description bill all right I'll see
you little aliens tomorrow bye I'm going
to put this in here the while owner is
going to work and then we're just gonna
Pat the other side and here and nothing
