like those people popping videos will be
even better if like you go into a
trailer and you see this creepy guy and
here's this big cyst on his back music I
can't get it and then you go in there
and you're just pus all over the trailer
and the cats running around that you
like the hard part
the bigger part of population like the
soft pops is hard oh yeah that's like
fuck yeah yeah hey guys
yes it is time to get hacking once again
life hacks and phlegm hacks because I'm
very sick right now and I literally
hacked up a looki that I'm pretty sure
had a bone in it so how you doing um no
I feel like shit so let's go I don't
know why I keep getting fucking sick but
maybe some of these hacks will make me
feel better or they'll just really
frustrate me piss me off make me scream
and just ruin my health even more
either way let's get hacking okay so the
first thing we're going to do isn't
really a hack Americus it kind of is but
basically we take the bottle of
coca-cola pour in a little milk you let
it sit for 15 minutes and then
supposedly
it like turns into this weird fucking
science project like all the sugar goes
to the bottom and then like all the
water goes to the top I don't know it
supposedly looks crazy and tastes
fucking disgusting so let's do it oh my
god I almost I've never had a real coke
before like I've always had diet oh my
god first time I'm gonna call this video
my first time thumbnail a little good
clickbait here we go I love it I'm not
gonna lie that's fucking good it
literally just tastes like somebody
stabbed a new palapa and just let their
blood drain into their mouth which is
exactly what happened there is no way
Willy Wonka owned a factory with a bunch
of little people running around working
for him that were probably full of sugar
and you're gonna tell me you didn't stab
one of those motherfuckers and drink
their sugary goodness blood yeah
something it was for me when I worked at
Jenny Craig enough to stab my clients
and drink their gravy fuck you that's
what
ha it's ok I had gravy - ok here we go
for some know how much I don't know ah
boots reacting ok ok I saved my kitchen
floor you know sometimes I just feel bad
for my kitchen floor like I don't wanna
get soda all over her I'm already
walking on her all day every morning
when I wake up out of bed I walked down
to my kitchen to get my coffee I just
hear little screams every time I take a
stance sometimes I can hear the tiles
saying you're gonna get heavier oh I
love mornings okay so I'm going to let
this sit I put some milk in it it is
already making some weird fucking
chemical reaction kind of looks like
there's little chunks of skin in there
so we're going to put this back here and
at the end of the video we're gonna try
it and it's gonna make me even sicker
okay so obviously I always have to light
something on fire
um because well I'm a destructive person
and I like to destroy things so today we
have two different objects that are
supposedly flammable
first is chapstick now I use chapstick
every day
my lips are chronically dry I have this
disorder called bitch always thirsty
with the amount of jealousy I have for
people the amount of mouth pops I do my
mouth just gets very dry so I keep this
little baby with me all the time but I
did not know that she was flammable so
let's see if it's true let's see if my
baby lights up oh my god alright here we
go
nothing's happening oh it's just ripping
it's not what it just MELAS it's
literally just melting I literally just
ruined it that was pointless I just
ruined my best friend but sometimes you
kind of want to ruin your best friend so
you look better than them you know what
I mean like you say like oh no your
burger diet is going well I can't
believe you're getting so skinny from
all those fucking fries you're eating in
shapes you're drinking you should keep
going with it
next valuable object okay so this is an
orange what the fuck happened to this
orange is this whatever just do is this
what they look like
do they have pussies how did I not know
this I mean I guess the only fruit I use
candy so candies don't have no season I
mean you can make one with a rhesus but
has to be the big races like the egg on
Easter and then you just and then you
just say thank you Jesus resurrecting oh
my god resurrection resurrection
erection jesus oh Jesus with the puns
okay so I guess what we're going to do
is
that's in half and I saw a video where a
girl had a lighter and that she squirted
it and it was a so it looked very
dangerous let's do it okay so here is a
knife I don't know why I'm laughing or
something funny about how dangerous this
is when I was a kid I used to take an
orange and take a knife and just stab
into it I almost stabbed my finger off I
should just go like watch it favorite
scary movie oh and then I'll just stab
stab staring staring staring stab
anybody else okay
so let's cut this orange in half oh my
god how did I never know how many
pussies or ridges Hanna oh my god orange
is the new pussy I'd actually watch that
okay oh my god me actually literally me
okay so first let's just try to light
the orange like as it is and see what
happens
working no it's not fucking working
bah all right well let's try the squirt
thing and see what happens nothing is
happening Fah
maybe this time maybe the pussy okay
this is fucking bullshit something used
to like on fire or I won't be happy
bucket we're lighting Halloween candy on
fire and I'm using dots because fuck you
dots nobody fucking wants you anybody
out there is like oh my god can I have
some of your dock I'll give you my
recess literally die we don't need you
in the world all right hopefully this
works are you fucking kidding me right
now gods I swear to god doc if you don't
fucking like notes oh my god this God's
finally coming through is she finally
gonna do something with her life
yes doc that's a big fire yes dots
fucking light doc yes bitch oh wait oh
honey water right fine milk milk wait
it's milk Flamel fuck okay it's getting
too big wait no let it burn oh I love
watching jaws die of all the dot stands
are losing their shit right now we're
kind of beautiful oh wow oh my god can
you see that look inside the box oh my
god this gorgeous
damn it doc you're even pretty when
you're dying wait are the actual dot
still surviving this makes me angry like
we're just burning her ugly dress we're
not burning the bitch inside fuck off
okay so this next tag I'm actually
really
so as you guys know I love making food
in mugs but this time I wanna do
something a little bit different so
instead of making fluted mugs I'm gonna
make a special drink first it's just
like taking a gander at my Britney
Spears cup and let's just remember that
she's the Queen and all the other pop
stars are dots okay so basically what
this hack is is you take fruit loops
which by the way Mandela effect it was
never rude it was always just fruit but
that's a whole nother video also it says
natural flavors on the bars I'm sorry
I've never had neon blue before or
bright fucking purple like what natural
ass flavor is that
but honestly fuck me with that beak so
what you do is you take a tea bag you
empty out the insides of it you fill it
with crushed up fruit loops you put it
in a cup of milk and you heat it up and
it makes cooking fruit loop hot milk
bitch I'll say it so you don't have to
fuck me up okay so let's open up the tea
bag dump out all this gross disgusting a
natural team so this with delicious
natural flavor Froot Loops
oh my god trim tell me that's a natural
color green bitch this is giving me Joey
Graceffa eyes realness and we all know
those are contacts nobody's eyes look
like that except for demons so now we're
just going to fill it with Froot Loops
okay so I on my little fruit loop bag
here oh my god q sometimes when I do
stuff right it's making really excited
wish I could do my diet right all right
then we're gonna add the milk and then
we're just gonna put this in the
microwave for two minutes okay here we
go it is out of the microwave it is
steaming hot yes Queen steam for me
bitch all right here we go oh my god oh
my god it smells so fucking good oh okay
it smells like when you have a bowl of
Froot Loops and then like you leave the
milk and then you leave it sit in the
sink for like three days and then three
days later when you're out of food your
house you're like and then you make sure
nobody's around because you want people
to think you actually have a mental
disorder where you eat trash and then
you drink that milk out of that old old
crusty Bowl and there's a fly in it spit
it out and then you get diarrhea for two
weeks
memories let's try it oh my god fuck
that oh my god
bitch this is fall vibes this is fucking
winter clean this is fucking Christmas
my ass I want to try this like
everything wait read this was like
cinnamon toast crunch try this with like
chocolate Cheerios ooh why did I say
that I don't know I just feel like this
could be bombed with like every kind of
cereal except for Wheaties don't even be
starting on my leash grant you don't to
hear it also Cheerios like playing
Cheerios
who is she that little B needs to be
gone because nobody fucking wants him oh
wait is he just a spokesperson for honey
nut cheerios and if that's the truth
then who's the spokes first my Cheerios
my mom okay so speaking of winter vibes
this next hack is to make fake snow in
your house if you're like me it's really
easy it's called psoriasis all you do is
take the little fingers scratch it on
your little dry head and jig jig dick
winters here but if you're not like me
shower then you need to get some baking
soda and some conditioner both of which
I didn't have because this is for
cleaning and this is for cleaning your
head and well I don't do either of those
okay so let's open this up and just jump
it on our plate oh it already feels like
winter what's that the sound of my
thighs expanding the sound of my
sweatpants coming out the sound of my
trainer calling and going where you been
yeah it sounds like wind routine all
right so let's just pour some
conditioner in here and then I guess
whose Nixon I don't think this is gonna
work but I have helps me every Christmas
all right here we go you're working I
mean it's kind of doing something I
don't know if it's snow work it's come
mixed with powdered sugar and either way
yeah I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
even though I love all races equally and
I love all genders and all sexualities
and I don't want to trigger anyone okay
so I mixed this up pretty well let's
shit and see if it feels likes no uh no
that is a no also the smell Oh smells
like a Sunday morning when I was a kid
when my mom would like bleach the whole
house I feel like mom what are you doing
you'd you'd be like getting rid of daddy
now
but mom dad hasn't been here in like
eight years it's cuz you smell like him
actually no the more I play with it it
just kind of fun it kind of feels like a
little snowball look at that oh my god
snow day you know some schools have snow
days because like the snows too crazy
like kids can't go to school we don't
really have that I mean we had like
shooting days we don't sound like trash
cans on fire days I don't really
understand that one but I remember we
going to go home early one day because
somebody set all the trash cans on fire
and then someone was me next okay so
this one is kind of like a science
experiment hat but basically you can
take a soda put a straw in it take a cup
and then if you blow into the soda
liquid will come out of the straw and go
into the cup I have not tried this I
don't think it's gonna work here we go
ready
I don't know the point of this would be
but oh my god wait ready stupidest thing
ever but if you're a kid in school this
is everything it's like hey Timmy can
have some of your soda oh yeah just a
second get your class
wow thanks Timmy you even giving me back
Washington
I know want to go to the dance with me
no you're fucking creepy
who brings a straw I pick up with them
school who fucking does that who fucking
shares their drink like that
it's so fucking weird to me in yes you
don't want to see my face no then it's
called psoriasis Timmy and it's sad next
time okay so this next one is fucking
everything you take the top of a wet
wipes bag and you rip it off that was
the loudest sound there's ever been
holy fuck and then you take a hot
cheetos bag or whatever chips you like
put it on top and then you cut the
circle in there make an opening oh my
god it works everything oh my god and
then look bitch you got yourself a
little Cheetos on the go
yes that's fucking everything fits gasp
hurts first bitch that's like when
you're in church and you want a little
quick cheeto while you're listening to
the Word of God
I have a question preacher did Adam and
Eve ever try that stuff just kidding us
I mean did they don't like how do we
know as people that but stuff is a thing
like somebody had to try it first thing
was a caveman with those dirty ass cave
woman asses you think I came and went to
fuck that and when you guys start
fucking each other like how did that
happen like it was Adam and Eve where
Steve also who is the first trans person
was it a cave woman cave man cave day
that's a history I want to learn oh no
this is fucking everything I love this
so much and then once you're done with
the gino's you can just keep this at
your purse bitch no
Kwasi f bitch like a Cheetos bag purse
with a Pampers top yeah the bitch mean
business I love this this is my favorite
hat literally of all time oh I love it
alright the next hat I'm just gonna get
it over with you guys know we're gonna
do we're going to try to charge my phone
once again with another piece of food
and the only reason I'm doing this is
because I want to eat this piece of food
today we're gonna try to charge my phone
with a donut
I'm gonna put this in here oh I wonder
if this is gonna work and then we're
just gonna put the other side in here
and nothing oh no what am I ever gonna
do with this donut now we're what you
try my coke milk toxic experiment okay
so it has been sitting back here the
whole time I've been filming oh my god
hold on okay let me take off the label
so you can really see this gross fucking
mess oh my god oh the fuck is that
Oh oh my god oh my god what the fuck oh
my god Oh looks like shit flopping in a
toilet
oh let's drink it oh my god I'm actually
really scared to drink this oh oh god oh
god
okay smells normal here we go it's good
it's fucking good that needs like a ice
cream sundae why does it taste so good
the fuck is in this did I just create my
new drink on high Starbucks secret menu
items can you add shit floating in a
toilet bowl to this can you just call it
the shame this is amazing try this this
is like actually really good or don't
try this because like who the fuck is it
gross enough to do this besides me the
same bitch who would carry this around
with her all right guys go hopefully you
enjoyed watching me just fucking be
stupid give this video a thumbs up and
go on my life hack videos also subscribe
the channel right down below cuz I'm
absolutely and if you want to see my
other dumb life hack videos I've done
literally a thousand of them I'll put a
link to a playlist at the top of the
description book as you guys I'll see
you little like a curse draw by also I
post really exciting photos of my really
fucking exciting life like this one and
this one and oh my god don't even get me
started on this one what a fucking crazy
night with the besties
