guys guess what we just finished our
podcast with dr. pimple popper it was
incredible we talked about pimples we
watched pimple videos I pop pimples with
her how do you feel I feel great thank
you you thought you were the best oh
that's what's poppin truth about self I
beg I'll go Jennifer
hi peasants I don't know if you know
this or not but I'm fuckin Instagram
famous like call me fucking Adele
because I'll win all the Grammys but if
you go to my profile you'll see that I'm
the most followed person on Instagram
with like hundreds of millions of
followers so yeah I'm pretty much the
most famous person there is on Instagram
also I post really exciting photos of my
really fucking exciting life like this
one it's this one and oh my god don't
even started on this one what a fucking
crazy night with the besties and now I
have this perfect fucking dog who's
always ready for her perfect fucking
pose yeah you fucking wish you Ross so
since we live like a queen now it's time
to eat like a queen so today I have all
of your favorite Instagram foods and I'm
ready to try them all so if you don't
understand sarcasm I'm sorry because
when I said I'm famous and then I'm
trash and when I said I should win some
Grammys I met hammies literally just ham
for ham at me I'll leave it on no I'm
the trashcan I'm disgusting my Instagram
is gross and depressing feel free to
follow but I am obsessed with people who
post all these like fancy Instagram
foods because I've never tried any of
them so I went out to all the widest
places I could find and I brought back
some Grammy food bitch I'm talking vulva
I'm talking CooCoo balls so here we go
you're ready for the most basic food
trying video ever okay so first we need
to try why I have seen on every white
bitches Instagram avocado toast let me
take a selfie
okay so I have never tried this and like
I'm not mad at it like I love baka moly
I love bread I would never put the two
together cuz I'm not on crack I mean I
would fuck out bread and ranch but like
that works because a ranch so us into
the pores of the bread and it becomes
like a big ranch sponge you have not
lived until you have taken a whole loaf
of bread cut open the inside poured an
entire bottle of ranch inside of that
put it under your shirt went to Cebu
madea's Halloween
and just had yourself a gay happy her
word okay that was that was only not
Vidya anyways back to white people
mmm all the product ills uh I mean it
doesn't look that bad it definitely
looks like spongebob after an accident
or after a night he got fucked in all
holes he has all the diseases Patrick's
even like garbage I'm gonna go hang out
that wrap the bow on her head cuz like I
wanna be around this Squidward a fucked
up it doesn't smell like anything here's
the thing it's just avocado it's not
guacamole as a food avocado is boring
its he's like nothing alright but here
we go I'm gonna try it for myself and
see if it makes me instafamous or give
me instant diarrhea either way
give it a like
give me the same feelings boo Ahmadiyya
Halloween gave me it's so bad it hurts
but I can't stop I don't know how I feel
about this like the bread is just
machine avocados machine all together
there's just a lot of Bush like if I
wanted a bunch of mushy on my Instagram
I would take my shirt off I don't know I
don't see what all the Guru's see in
this I don't think this is gonna satisfy
me if anything is just make me want
chips and guacamole which by the way I
need to stop I had a gallon of guacamole
yesterday a fucking Gowan you know my
shit look like my ass was making Grammys
okay my ass was making hash tagging
brunch life and eggs were not over easy
bitch oh no they came in hard ooh and
they came out with a fight but it's okay
I scrambled them and a gobbled him down
what am I talking about
thanks for good all right this one I
fucking can I fucking hate everybody
what the fuck is this this is called an
actually hi I'm gonna try to pronounce
it a couple just let me take a selfie
cha cha the Chi Chi keke palmer bitch ah
it's literally just a bowl of purple
goop with some fucking fruit on top and
what looks to be nuts I don't know why
would you eat that
also this is breakfast to some people
this that is breakfast this looks like a
weird fucking nickelodeon veil like if
the little sister and drinking Josh was
like I'll make you beg this and then she
fucking cooks up some shit in a lab it
tries to kill Josh back at Drake Bell
alright I'm gonna give this a try it's
very cold I don't it just looks like
yogurt you know which I hate yogurt oh
my god oh it's so la it makes me fucking
sick do they have this where you live
like if you live in like Ohio or like
somewhere where people fuck cows like do
you have this I could see a girl living
like the middle of butt-fuck nowhere who
like follows all these grammars like
going to her mom be like mom can we have
in the chi chi bowl for dinner and her
mom being like go fuck a cow be like
your sister go fuck that cow go eat that
chicken and go marry your brother
alright I'm gonna mix this all up
because I just want it to be the same
color I don't know
I don't like the variety like I know
it's a pleasing aesthetic literally
can't say that word without lifting but
I don't give a fuck here we go fuck your
aesthetic oh oh oh my god it tastes like
cold vomit which is a better vomit
because hot vomit tends to burn the
throat whereas a cold vomit tends to
feel refreshing on a summer day but this
the flavors oh my god it's like yogurt
mixed with old popsicles mixed with
white girls who seal it and also soccer
moms we're trying to say shook but they
say shake and it's uncomfortable for
everybody honey get in the car let's get
shaken that's not how you say it mom oh
she drugged me no mom it's dragged no
I'm actually drugged because of you
you ruined my life I no more pills I
take the less I want to kill myself and
kill you what are you shook bitch am I
using it right ah next food so now the
most basic of them all the boa tea let
me take a selfie so this has been in
every Instagram there's nothing a white
girl loves more than putting her mouth
over big thick tube and sucking up all
those little slimey's and listen I agree
I don't know what fucking world these
people live in where they're like who
you know what would be good in my drink
sucking boogers like actual fucking
little creepy gross fucking boogers that
get still gonna go like give me a big
McDonald's milkshake and just like throw
a bunch of boogers in there I want each
sip to be fucking gross I want to hate
the whole experience cuz there's no way
people like that there's no way all
right here we go I'm going to give this
a try I definitely try boba before not
this time and all I remember is
literally screaming so headphone users
beware all right here we go
it's pretty good it's like a kind taste
I guys tea now let's take another sit oh
my god there's like three of my mouth
right now ah oh my god
oh the way they're sliding around my
mouth uh it's like little roaches oh
look I don't like it though it's like a
little gum my job this is kind of
everything it's kind of like there's
something alive inside of me I've never
felt that what'd it look like
uh cut it in half
am i Instagram famous yet I love it my
next Instagram over life let me take a
selfie
okay I surprisingly didn't hate that I
can't believe I didn't hate that cuz I
definitely hated that in the past but
for some reason I don't hate it now I
was gonna say me but no still a lot of
hatred
no there's nothing an Instagram model
loves more than a healthy little
breakfast you know just a nice little
crepe covered in Nutella filled with
strawberries and whipped cream and
powdered sugar that's right we're not
talking about crap we're talking about
great let me take a selfie
that's right some people pronounce it as
crap and those people would be me
because I literally thought it was
called crap for my whole life I tried to
order a piece of crap you know they gave
me not cool on DVD I'm kidding I love my
own movie do you say yes this is a crepe
I think I don't know I order crap the
chef might have actually taken a dump
inside of this and I would not even know
I'm kind of sick so like my taste buds
aren't really working so I'm like ready
to eat actual shit alright so here we go
it's kind of hard I felt like it would
be a lot softer but hopefully when we
get inside of it oh god hear the noise
oh it sounds like a little kid like
moving around in his bed he just peed in
memories I really hope this is good how
could this not be good well granted I do
not like strawberries and there's a lot
of em I'm just gonna like move those
aside but I can fuck with Nutella and I
could fuck with whatever the fuck this
weirdo is also there's no way that
fucking beauty group
need this I mean unless they have like a
really cute bedazzled sparkling gold
trashcan really close
we're like a really cute sparkly gold
bedazzled toilet but they don't show
that on the gram because that's too real
go to buy a gram for that alright here
we go we have the perfect little piece
of crap and we're gonna eat it oh my god
that tastes like 500,000 likes
visitors enter Brandi oh my god that's
fucked up what is this the show hi crap
I keep telling you looks good
no this is looking good as he's like
it's a pancake and a que Cerrito stay
with me got together fuck and then said
well I could go for some Nutella and
then they went to Ralph's got some
Nutella was gonna go home and eat it
while they watch Big Brother but they
ate it in the car on the way there
because they're fatties then once they
got home they were so full of Nutella
and so sick and felt so gross now they
just got into bed and just laid there
for like 12 hours and their body slowly
melted into each other and then they
like became one and then they were just
one big fucking gross clump of like
dough and Nutella and sadness and then
this also couple goals oh no this is
amazing I have just changed my entire
life and I need to actually put this
somewhere so I don't need it because
fuck nothing an Instagram model is
really fucking hard and really fucking
busy every day I have to get up take a
shower do my hair take a selfie go back
to bed that's it well I need my energy
so that's why every day I get my fancy
as expresso let me take a selfie yes
that is what this is except this came in
a to-go cup so I don't have like the
fancy little heart writing on top
instead I just have um nothing so story
of my life but I can't imagine this
being bad I've never had a special
before I don't really know what that
means I think it means like extra
caffeine
I remember Lindsay Lohan used to drink
it and she'd have like heart
palpitations so I'm ready alright let's
see oh my god that smells like a
breakdown that smells like fucking
Instagram model who like deletes all her
pictures and then uploads
one unfiltered one and goes I'm done
with filters like that's what that
smells like
like a bitch was losing our shit alright
let's give it a try we will post an
unfiltered picture nobody wants that oh
my god oh my god that tastes like
gasoline oh my god that tea's like
Windex
no wonder gurus are fucking crazy what
are you drinking this is actual like
fuel if I drank this whole thing I could
fly I bet those bitches don't even have
drone cameras
that's the bitches flying in the air
with their fucking cameras after
espressos like ooh we should get a wide
shot at this beautiful beach Ron hold on
they just fly up in the air holy fuck I
hate that that's wrong that's dangerous
oh my god I'm just going to stick to my
sugary ass pumpkin spice lattes and
blended mochas which are just milkshakes
they're bomb there's two people here
alright what else I got okay so this
next one is very confusing to me because
technically it's a sandwich but it looks
like a salad and listen I'm all for
transgender but I'm not for trans foods
like I'm not trying to have nachos that
looks like spaghetti you know I mean I'm
not trying to have ice cream that looks
like a pickle and this next one is that
same category it's a sprout sandwich let
me take a selfie yes this little fucker
is not a sandwich there is no meat in
there
there's no fake meat in there it's
literally bread and fucking grass once
again bitch go to the park you don't
even want how much to put they only give
me half a sandwich they didn't give me a
full one you can literally just get two
pieces of bread go outside and fucking
me to tree I'm just gonna give this a
try and I'm hoping it'll change my mind
there seems to be something else on it
smells like an armpit so it'll blend
right in I just really want you to see
that fucking beautiful sandwich oh all
right I'm angry here we go
I like it oh no I liked it a lot
oh it tastes like mmm
like I don't go to the park cuz like
outside I'm like son
but this tastes like I'm at the park and
I was playing kickball with all my
friends and then like I fell I was like
sliding into home and then I got a
little grass in my mouth well sand in my
mouth
then a friend came and helped me up and
they gave him a little kiss on the mouth
and then that friend was my coach well I
stopped going to those games but it's
okay because me and mommy won legal
battle and we got a lot of money so kind
of he's like that makes with like a
summer day I don't know I fucking like
it I don't know what's in it
I think that's hummus tomato tree I will
fucking no but I like it and I hate
myself now
don't wait no sandwich Oh sandwich
you're right all right we have one more
left I'm really excited about this one
because it's fucked up and I don't know
if that's a good thing or a bad thing
this is a super fancy pizza let me take
a selfie
okay so this one I bought is a butternut
squash goat cheese basil something and
it looks like this that looks like the
most confused emoji ever look like I
think it looks good but I don't know it
has no smell so that's a good sign
okay let's have this slice open I mean
it's like 3d you know meat think what
the fuck gurus have such interesting
guys this is so much different than
Domino's or my 499 Little Caesars Pizza
all right here we go let's live the rich
life for all it tastes like nothing you
know what I don't care how much money
you have how many followers you have
how fucking cute you think you are how
many lip kits you own nothing can
replace the taste of seven fucking
trashy-ass cheap-ass gross ass fast food
you can give me like a thousand dollar
burger you could give me a million
dollars steak and guess what bitch I
want to kiss Serena cuz that pizza
tasted like nothing at Little Caesars
bitch
she's everything Domino's bitch don't
get me started judge or no bitch judge
or yes I guess I'll always just be a
real ass bitch and
okay with that and if you want to see
more of my real last moments come on man
Instagram of so many fun Grammys lights
for life my mask allows me trying
fucking famous Instagram food do I have
food my dude whatever I'm Venus make
sure to give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it you want me to try more
weird Instagram food also be sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
cuz I'm videos every fucking day and if
you want more videos of me trying out
weird foods I have a bunch of them I'll
put a link to a playlist or the cover
description below how'd you guys I'll
see you little granny style
bye okay this is like a mask that you're
supposed to wear to like block out the
haters Oh
block out like the pimple from puffing
in your face so let's just like yeah
Queen oh my god I just went up like five
points I went from a four well I
probably went up to a six but that's
correct
