guys holy fuck I'm so excited this is a
dream come true I have seen these online
I did not know where to find them and
then I had dr. pimple popper on my
podcast and she was like yo bitch and I
was like you see all the pimples on my
face in my back and you want to get it
all that shit and she was like no but I
brought you some pimple cupcake bitch
now you've seen these online probably
it's even about BuzzFeed you see them on
your mom's Facebook basically these are
cupcakes that look like pimples and you
can actually pop them and then she also
gave me a bunch of like doctor materials
which she should not have given me
because one of them is a blade that is a
better but let me just show you what
these look like I'm warning you this is
gross I mean doctor me if you're me and
this is dinner but if you're a normal
human
this fucking girl oh my god so that
bitch is a pimple cupcake Oh see the
blood seeping out I'm so excited so this
is a pimple that's ready to be busted
which are my favorites I love when I'm
like hanging out with someone and they
have like a huge pimple like on their
eyelid or in their nose or on their ear
or in the crevice of their pussy and I'm
like let me pop it and a real friend is
someone who will let you pop their
pimples with your teeth and if they say
no they're not a friend okay so let me
show you my gear first of all this is
not sponsored by pimples
although girl y'all want to sponsor my
back because I got the master exponents
if you want it okay so she brought me
first of all a purse now I'm like a bag
that kind of just says who you are like
I know a lot of bitches like alligator
skin Luiza pudding and that's classy and
cute I like to show exactly who I am
with my purse I'm a gross fucking pimple
popper bitch then on the inside of this
bag Oh got me a hat too bad it'll never
fit my head oh my god this is the moment
Joseph Robin gloves because obviously
when you are popping pimples you do not
want to get it on your face
is actually that's a lie that's my
favorite part okay we are ready to pop
also I have never had a doctor do that I
mean I've had a doctor go whoo but I've
never had a doctor go you did you find a
new doctor okay this is like a mask that
you're supposed to wear to like block
out the haters Oh
block out like the pimple from popping
in your face so that's just like yeah
Queen oh my god I just went up like five
points I went from a four well I
probably went up to a six but that's
great okay and she also gave me two
little tools this I guess you like poke
in to the skin twist and then pimples
come out and this is a blade so these
blades are so dangerous and sharp that
they come wrapped up and I'm actually
very nervous to use it because I've seen
these in medical videos and literally
you can go through like an entire body
like like this is some shit you would
use to like cut somebody's face off it's
not good that I just got like 18 ideas
in my head when I said that all right
let's move off okay so I got my tools I
got my gloves on I got my pimples so
let's get pop it but switch up the angle
I really want you to see the bus all
right here we go
oh my god oh okay this is even gross for
me
Oh oh my god okay alright so here's what
we gonna do Oh No so we are just going
to use the technique the doctor and show
guys
so like usually I would go in here like
this like that's my go-to like but for
this I feel like I want to go with the
Illuminati technique so I'm just gonna
give a good like are you ready oh my god
I'm scared okay
here we go one two three oh you already
saw us okay oh my god oh okay one two
three Oh oh my god no oh get it from the
side
Oh give it run a bag Oh oh my I need to
step away oh my god oh my god okay we
almost got it we almost got it oh why is
this so gross to me usually it's so good
huh okay we just got to scrape that off
mmm
Oh get the bullet out oh right and now
it's good as new
well blood on my finger oh my god
all right here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna eat this but not right now I'm
gonna do that later in the video we got
to move on okay you need to go you just
okay you need it my girl oh oh my god
it's hard why is it hard
whew I hate when pimples are hard okay
oh just gonna be all right next up we're
doing surgery all right so this is the
blade which I probably shouldn't be
opening with pink slimy ass cupcake
hands oh come on yeah I should not do
that
all right we're going to la bliss you
know what I trust this patient I feel
like her skin is clean oh my god okay oh
my God look at that fucking blade that
is fucked
okay hold on wait uh I'm scared to touch
it I should like here I'll wrap it
around something I don't even know what
side is the blade and what side is
detaching part okay I think I figured it
out all right we're gonna do it like
that whoa look at the fucking shine on
that blade that's like a screen movie
like every time like he takes his knife
I was like okay if only scream was about
cutting up pimples that make it even
better okay so here's what we're gonna
do we are going to slice into this and
take out the cyst Oh what is my life
okay so what this basically represents
is um a cyst that's under your skin and
you can't like pop it because it's too
deep so you cut it out I'm gonna full
house cut it out
I feel like uncle Joey had a lot of
cysts I don't know just something about
it seems like there's a lot of growths
anyways let's get cutting okay here we
go we're just going to
slice oh oh did we do it all right here
we go so we now just have to open this
skin up oh my god oh my god it's talking
to me
Michelle cut it out all right here we go
okay just open it up then we just got a
pull out oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh god the left
oh oh oh they're fucked oh this person
is fucked that is never healing that is
never going back to normal maybe if we
like push it down imagine if I was a
real doctor okay girl now we're just
kind of perfect no one's ever gonna
notice that Queen know they'll just
think it's another butt hole it's gonna
make you very popular oh my god
yeah what is this I don't what do they
make this shit out of there okay first
of all that was fucking disgusting and
I've done a lot of gross shit on my
channel that may be the sickest I'm a
good dog shit on fire and that didn't
make me throw up this bone hmm
so here's how we're gonna do the grand
finale I have one more pimple cupcake
I'm going to pop it with you guys and
then I'm going to eat it all right let's
do this
oh my god okay here we go oh god oh god
the zoom in oh those are the real
pimples Oh got me before face tune this
looks more like an asshole than it does
a pimple though I had asshole cupcakes
listen chocolate filling on the inside
hey bakers are you listening all right
here we go so let's pop her open one two
three oh God fucking risk it off hold on
I went too hard one two three
something is Oh Oh actually feeling
light-headed I know this is just food
but like the mental thing that is doing
to me right now is fucked because it
looks so fucking real and gross and oh
my god all right we're going to do this
though right here it is
drop that oh my god ah it's dangling off
the edge oh I hate when people have
pimples that are so ready to go that
they're like dangling off the edge and
you like you don't want to say anything
because like it's embarrassing but you
also literally want to rip their face up
and throw them in the trash hello my
friends I here we go we are going to eat
that I can't do it I don't know if I
could do this we're gonna do it ready
one two three
okay oh oh oh my god let me please make
that a Jeff just like a mouth Papa fika
cuz that's just story of my life
okay here's let me break this down this
is not bad the flavor profile is good
the cupcake is like vanilla and the
icing is like a buttercream and that's a
fondant on top which is great I love me
a cake boss that hussy pimple shit all
over fuck it's made out of but it's
cheap and it's like kind of hard and it
really reminds you the real thing I've
been a lot of pimples in my days Hawaii
Delia
if I had a subscriber for every pimple
I've eaten I via PewDiePie but something
about that fucked me up let me try the
cyst only I would be like more torture
but the cyst I have a feeling that she's
a pain there's nothing I love more than
cutting open my gross ass skin and rip
it up eval blat beat oh that's a pity
dick love that also this skin is so real
hold on literally like I could do
whatever I want to my face with this
I've always wanted like a chin dip both
just kind of like lay it on oh my god um
hello plastic surgery hack oh my god
this is everything hold on that looks so
real
well kinda look at little chin dimple
right there boom well chin almost fell
off but huh I love it ooh I bet if I put
it like right here and then let's see if
this looks real ready ah not at all but
that was fun
boys want to rip my own face out you
know what fuck where's the blade let's
do it good nothin if that's how far it
got like I was like that insane from
YouTube where I'm like hey we're gonna
do the face Brooklyn off challenge
get out your blades honestly 2017 fine
guys go hopefully you enjoyed watching
me pop pimples and eat them a big shot
up dr. pimple popper who came on my
podcast
she was amazing she brought me all these
amazing things also shout out to the
Baker who made these it's blessed by
baking I can go to Instagram and follow
them blessed by baking this is not
sponsored this is just like a homemade
company and she's doing it herself and
she's great and I love that she's going
viral because I think it's really fun
and I love supporting her
I love supporting a viral outbreak and
my way of supporting is by spreading it
if I had a subscriber for every herpes I
give it well I'd be a toy collector I
think I have to collect this video
please leave a thumbs up so I know and
subscribe my channel right now below
okay that make me videos every single
day and if you wanna see more videos me
eating weird fucking gross ass shit or
doing life hacks like I did on my face
I'll put a link to some playlist right
down below a little pimples I will pop
you tomorrow
haha something I've never said literally
the second I see a boom on my baby I've
never been like I'm gonna save you later
although I told my love wants to do that
like if you got something wrong bitch
you were to saver for me like I see a
little indent in your skin next time I
see you it better be outta here it
better be white it better be do rip in
bitch I want to hear a sound every time
you smile like and then a little cuz
it's a bout to bust it's like right at
the edge is watering or I should go back
ready
oh there it is
Shayne who is this for not even upload
thanks for watching
