hey the guys yes it is that time again
for me to try all girl products and hide
this video if I ever have kids there's
so many things I'm going to hide when I
have kids including my kids I never want
to say they're loud they smell like shit
they look like me
I'm I need to keep them away anyways
let's get to the products okay I have
all my products today in a minion bag I
don't know why I have this bag or where
it came from
literally it was just in my house but
I'm just like really happy I have it
also we cannot do a girl product video
without my other personality so let's
snap this on and get started
uh-oh we're a Chango what my kids are
gonna say when I throw them in the
basement okay we're ready oh my god with
my like shaven face
I'm giving off fucking Kris Jenner
realness here let me do my best
impression roots take a fucking a
clubbing too dark okay
let's start with this I cannot believe
this is the thing this is called instant
facelift I don't know what that means
the only way you can have an instant
facelift is if you go to a zoo and let a
monkey literally rip off your face which
is so fucking real it literally happens
a lot monkeys literally take their big
fucking monkey hands put it on your face
and literally rip it off like it's a
pudding top
I mean sometimes when I wake up in the
morning and I see my face in the mirror
I'm like bitch family monkey like if a
monkey ripped off my face you know how
much time that would soon be face to me
I could spend that time eating okay so
basically from what you can see here
this woman is literally lifting up her
face with what looks like rubber bands
I'm horrified oh my god haha because I
guess you snap these to your hair and it
pulls your face apart mmm
let's give it a try all right let's zoom
in so you really see this face alright
so I'm going to put one side here and
then the other side here oh jeez ripping
my fucking hair oh alright let's see if
it works
one two three literally nothing is
happening oh oh how is this supposed to
work
alright let's you know what let's just
put it here and then maybe you just like
lift Oh
oh wait it kind of works god it's so
fucking painful so like normal face
lifted oh I hate that okay way alright
let me be Chris again wait Kendall what
are you talking about you made a sex
tape where do you want to sell it to all
right let's take this off before I cry
oh my god okay this is called a smart
swab basically it's like this crazy
earwax removal kit not spawn although it
should be because the amount of shit
that's gonna come out of my ear is gonna
make you want to buy it also did you
hear that somebody sold a cup of milk
than Justin Bieber drink for eighty
thousand dollars
I can literally sell my body and I
wouldn't get eighty thousand dollars if
anything somebody would pay me eighty
thousand dollars to keep it all right go
this is the most complicated box I've
ever opened why is it so hard oh god
okay that one almost made me lose my
weed let's see what's inside oh my god
there are literally so many tips why is
there so many is this for like a party
this will be my kind of party
like I can't stand the party's worth
like mostly beer pong no bitch let's
clean shit out of each other's ears for
an hour let's like compare each other
and then like the friend doesn't have a
chunk in her ear is a fucking loser like
you bitchy fucking clean your ears
regularly go home might your chunk is so
old and dirty it's literally brown oh my
god Shane you're so cool I know okay
here we go I'm going to put this in my
ear see what happens I guess you just
twist oh my god oh I'm scared oh my god
ah
alright I'm twisting oh wait could this
kill me if I like keep screwing am I
gonna hit my brain also is it true that
you only use like one percent your brain
cuz I don't believe that the amount of
drinking josh max I have in there that's
like 95 percent oh my god
God okay time for the big reveal one two
three
I was not expecting that oh my god that
looks like it just shoved it up a dog's
ass oh good idea
No oh my god wait let's go on the other
ear oh my god I need to have an ear
cleaning party a lot of my friends you
think as a dirtiest ears honestly any of
them because they always hear me talking
shit okay I'll stop aah aah
you're gonna hit oh my god I've ever hit
so deep in your ear that I made you
throw up
cuz I just haven't aah all right big
reveal huh oh my god that's been in
there for years this is the grossest
thing I've ever seen should I taste it
no oh oh I did on accident oh my god
that can't be good
holy fuck I'm not literally the grossest
person alive but the hottest oh wow okay
that's fucking gross ooh I can't wait
I'm gonna do this with all my friends
all right what we got next okay speaking
of minions I saw this at a perfume shop
this is minion perfume and it comes in a
minion lunch pail also on the back it
says Bobby my boy I've never seen the
movie but what like I'm just letting you
know you're lucky that this lunch pail
is fucking metal because if you took
this to school you're gonna need it all
right so let's open this up that's it
one bottle you're gonna even this
big-ass fucking lunch pail any one
bottle
it's like me when I was a kid and I'm
like one sandwich fuck you mom this
big-ass box you're only giving me one
sandwich one bag of chips and one large
chocolate milk
you can fit a loaf of bread in here
bitch stop fucking with me ma let's see
how this smells it's called all-day
toilet why y'all try to steal my scent
all right here we go one two three
you oh my god it smells like shit
why does try to steal my scent no this
literally smells like shit
is it who okay I've never seen the
minions movie but is it about poop cuz
like they're kind of in the shape of
food but they're yellow
so like is it poop when you have this
blue like like what kind of poop are
there in verities wait
they say bananas right is it if you eat
too many bananas your poop turns yellow
I'm like that's a minion I'm confused
also why are they wearing overalls
and they're wearing gloves and goggles
what the fuck is this movie why is the
boom all dressed up they're ready to go
work at a coal mine
well my asshole is kind of a cave I bet
if a minion opened up my asshole
and said hello it would literally echo
for five minutes
okay guys still going you must use this
thing a lot alright nuts products ooh
I'm excited about this okay so this is a
pimple extractor so it's just little
like metal thing that you use and it
makes your pimples pop faster or
something I don't know I'm not a doctor
but let's see if it works
do you have any pimples okay fuck I
don't have any pimples on my face but I
do get pimples on my body
oh by one more pop that one I'm gonna
pop that one too
Oh Donna it's on my shoulder oh I'm
sorry okay okay I think that's the
pimple oh my god
wait let me get you a better angle of
this not that you want it okay ready 1 2
wait nothing's happening am i doing it
wrong all right let's try this one of my
chest sometimes I get comments that are
like oh my god Shane I have a crush on
you never again this is definitely gonna
decrease the amount of tag pictures on
Instagram I get I don't think all the
boyfriend goals ever again have you ever
had a pimple that you pick out so much a
trench into a bruise just me all right
also my chest looks like a hairy ass
why don't I have four pimples but God
gave me so many problems so I guess he
was like no you don't need pimples he
already has stretch marks hair in places
he should a lot of people wishing he was
dead it's given clear skin okay you know
my friends Drew and Garrett should be
here in a few minutes we might have to
save this for them guys guess what it's
later in the day I'm wearing it to her
outfit Hey look who's here hi okay who
wants to go first oh I'll do it
okay sit down okay so I'm testing out
girl products today and one of the
products didn't work on me because I
have clear skin I don't know that you
guys don't so show me your pimple Oh
give me something I need anything and
should you see anything on it right yeah
we're just porcelain boys wait how do
you not have pimples for some reason
when I thought it over for some reason I
was like Oh drew oh you have pimples so
I got some for my skin get in here
maybe it's not but I feel you know this
might be Oh bitch way to ruin my face
wait what is this we uh there is
something we back up yeah no oh that's
the biggest one I've ever holy shit wait
wait wait there's so many you're hiding
them from me yeah you do have a shit ton
drew one two oh sorry no it's not you
it's not you Sonya it's not you oh my
god this is a crazy thing I've ever seen
cuz usually when you pop a pimple it's
just kind of like you know this lady oh
my god wait I'm not done oh my god
how did it do that is there feel like
you're fingering me oh there's so much
weight I wanted to do more all right
let's do tteyuu that's the man oh my god
he looks so damn it Shane
no-no-no ready oh there it is
Shane who is this for
thanks for watching next product okay so
this is more of a hat and this is that
you can use play-doh to apply makeup
okay so I have my swamp Queen at makeup
kit and this little thing of play-doh
both of which I just had and did not
even buy for this video so that's scary
I was at Walmart and I was like you know
what I just need some play-doh I don't
know why I was just in the mood I just
love the feeling you get when you squish
it around and then you can like mold it
into something like a person and then
you can just say like hi Tommy
know that joke you made about me front
the whole class is hilarious I was on
the floor laughing you know what else is
hilarious me squeezing your head until
it pops and then you just keep creating
people and keep doing it over and over
again
I killed my whole senior class anyways
let's get back to the makeup okay so I
guess you could just like take the
play-doh mold it into a makeup brush and
then shove it in the makeup I'm gonna go
with the sweet tea color oh my god this
is actually beautiful and then you just
take that and you just slap it on the
face and then if it's too much you can
just blend it out okay that was stupid
and that'll hurt oh my god it literally
like took off my face get go get rid of
the whole thing I don't even eat a
monkey alright we're blending this kind
of works and it's like natural ah maybe
not I don't know fuckas play-doh made
out of oh my god what if we found out
play-doh
was made out of like old dead dogs or
something or like you know how shy
I have that role where you can only have
like one kid and then the other kid
Oh played out well either way I feel
beautiful
oh god I love the smell and now I kind
of love it even more thinking about the
pathetic than be dead babies well you
guys go that was all the girl products I
have for today hopefully you do how did
I just turn into Susan boy oh I'm gonna
need that monkey to rip off my hair - oh
my god all right you guys I'm gonna
fucking go and avoid all mirrors make
sure this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it also subscribe my channel
right down below because I make new
videos and if you want to tell the other
videos I've done testing girl products
I've done a lot of them I'll put a link
to a playlist right the top in
description below
all right you little minions stuck in my
ass output see huge tomorrow that's the
visual bye so I grew up playing with
fireworks I have no idea how dangerous
they were
and now that I look back on it I can't
even believe that I used to play them I
mean you're packin gunpowder and
explosives into small little tubes
lighting them on fire and letting them
explode you're doing it right next to
your house where you could just catch on
a fire up the firework aims in the wrong
place
if you hold in your hand it could
explode and blow your fingers off and
the amount of deaths that happen per
year because if fireworks are insane
