hey guys we just finished podcast with
Eugenia Cooney it was so fun we talked
about everything we talked about drama
we talked about sex we talked about emos
we talked about it oh how was it so I'm
super excited yeah well if you want to
see the show I'll put a link down there
so I'm glad to accomplish a new friends
and it's really good to all check it out
by happy guys holy fuck I'm excited I'm
nervous I've been like this prom night
I mean I wasn't nervous about the usual
prom stuff like getting luck yes in the
dance I was more nervous about you know
shootings one of my teachers overdosing
and dying
somebody spiking the punch is literally
killing everybody yeah just a typical
high school step and it was today we're
going to be trying something that I
shockingly have never tried and that's
Five Guys Burgers and Fries which
honestly if I was more comfortable with
my body would be my weekend which is a
whole lot better than one guy all the
lights off and a salad so I got the shoe
bag oh my god it's so fucking happy I
got so many items and I know a lot of
you guys like Shane working fat how have
you not tried this well because in and
out was the thing when I was a kid this
did not come around into later so I am
ready to experience something that would
have made me even fatter like I was fat
but I wouldn't like me to Crane fat and
like that's fat goals all right so
here's what I got oh my god sorry it's
got really excited the fries come in
cuffs fucking me cuz that way the cup it
catches all the grease and they could
just like drink it afterward fucking
everything okay so nothing is really
labeled so I don't really know what's
what
oh wait no they are labeled number one
what does that mean I don't know but I
guess I'll eat first okay smells like a
burger feels like a burger looks like oh
my god I'm sorry this video is not going
to be very funny I'm not gonna really
make jokes you're just gonna watch me
and watch me enjoy it
cuz holy fuck oh oh bitch bitch oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god vegans look away fat fetish shirts
you can stay holy fuck look at that
look at that oh my god who why'd you
gotta fuck it up like that that's like
when you see a girl who's like painted
for the gods and then it gets 90 degrees
you see they have one fucking foundation
rip down her face and then you see the
real shit uh vineeth that's what happens
when you put a pickle on a burger but
it's okay I'm going to take those up
okay we're back okay this is just a
traditional burger I literally said I
was like give me every top thing you can
I want you to pack this Barbara like I
want it to be me when I'm squeezing into
a small just like books did from every
side dripping from every angle so squish
together that it makes you noises when
it moves oh you hear that oh my god
literally the same noise my thighs made
way what's on the bottom of her okay we
have another misstep that would be
mushrooms I'm a fan of mushrooms we
talked about this don't make me Brant
I'm just gonna scoot these off okay yeah
this reminds me so much of getting ready
in the morning like you look in the
mirror you're like you know what I'm
okay and then you get a little closer
and you're like boo you better fix my
teeth up got some food in there I'm
gonna get that out okay fuck see one of
my little back rolls when I turn around
should I put on some more specs that's a
pretty oh look fuck is that
that's my face like it's a lot of that
but it's okay because the burger will
hopefully taste better than my
Facebook's
here we go oh my god oh my god I need a
second okay let's do this
there's nobody around to hold me oh no
oh my god
oh my god I don't that man out of what
wave and do this oh my god can you see
it dripping down my hands look at that
I'm like Jesus like you know like Jesus
had like blood dripping from his palms
kind of like showed how like much of a
warrior he was Hitler I'm literally like
Jesus but better oh my god this is
probably alone
yeah bitchin bro don't be surprised oh
this is probably the best burger I've
ever had this is not product placement
this is not sponsored I don't know what
my hair is doing today whoo is she I
don't know this is everything oh my god
oh god mushroom okay besides a mushroom
bitch is everything just like me like
besides my issues I'm well no I'm still
trashed Nick burger oh wait hold on this
is where things might take a turn they
have hot dogs know is I'm not dogging
Auto dogging that pun was not even
intended I'm just gonna relish in the
fact that it happened
okay sorry I'll stop let us continue did
you get it
lettuce come on ketchup ha ha ha fuck
I'm stupid all right let's see how this
looks
oh my god this might be the first
good-looking hot dog I've ever seen like
this is giving me DJ Tanner winner since
was giving me Kimmy Gibbler also sign no
I don't know if you guys have seen this
is my favorite video of all time where
they take the song give me more Beverly
Spears and they put Kimmy Gibbler in it
bitch Kimmy Moore you better hold on
your weight bitch it's about to get
snapped
oh fuck Kimmy Gibbler because I feel
like she would really give it but as an
ugly gross person like it you don't even
want it but I'm giving it to you I'm
literally the equivalent of that
homeless guy that the carwash is like
you want your windows clean and you're
like oh by your gross fucking shit
covered fingers yeah totally no okay
great I'll start doing it no seriously
I'm good now I'm gonna let me just come
on let me just get this on there
no please please leave oh god help hold
on ran out of water let me pee in this
bucket oh god oh god he's peeing bucket
oh god I can't fucking Oh what does it
mean when your pay birds I don't know
I've never had enough sexual activity to
find that out oh I fuck a lot I mean
yeah sometimes it's cats
but pussy's pussy why am i full of puns
today alright let's bind to this dog
here we go oh I don't like the way they
split it down the middle I don't know if
you could see that but I'm not a fan of
that like the last thing I want in my
hot dog is to think about my dick
getting good now every time I go pee I'm
afraid of somebody like shooting my dick
off I can't explain it but like guys you
know what I mean anyway oh fuck oh my
god this is dogs bark Mia that's not
gonna catch on oh my god Bob this is so
good
why is this good I don't think I've ever
had a hot dog that I've been like ah
like hot dogs are literally like pig
feed and like horse ass and like farmers
wives sometimes they don't shut up you
gotta do what you got to do so like are
not anything to get excited about but
this is fucking good it's not a mushroom
hi guys why you got to fuck it up like
that also who are these fat guys are
there five of them and they have to be
Mormon right I mean there's five of them
they have any brothers I mean do they
have five wives each all I'm saying is
this dog ain't going to the pound it's
going to watching you think of a
pounding pun I'm all out of thumbs but I
got a lot of her alright I need to pry
oh my god
oh fuck okay yes bitch I relate to her
but all your friends look cute girl you
hanging off the side you hold on for
dear life bitch oh me okay I think these
are these are the Cajun ones I don't
know what that means
Cajun that's like spicy oh I'm gonna
give you these little cups of ketchup I
love that I fucking hate those packets
fuck off with your fucking ketchup
packets and then Heinz try to come back
you're like oh girl you thought you
looked our ketchup packet well now we
got these bigger stupid fucking packets
that are so fucking hard to open that
nobody wants to fucking you stuff Oh
Heinz that's right I'm coming for Heinz
alright here we go let's do a little dip
oh fuck oh my god okay you know what
hold on just gonna get this friend well
oh my god my only problem is you only
give me two of these cups
I need like one cup per fries so that's
gonna be a problem okay
these are good let me try without the
ketchup these are good these are red the
ketchup is bomb that he's homemade
you'll sue me one of the wives did that
she's a lot of time on her hands you
know with all the other four wives
taking over have you guys seen this show
Sister Wives I don't wanna say nothing
mean all I'm gonna say is why don't they
all look like chickens like you remember
the movie chicken room bitch every time
I turn on that show I'm like damn Pixar
is upping their game cuz these J kids
look real and that coop a bitch that
coop is depressing and they need to stop
laying eggs cuz it is not working out
anyways I'm gonna act like those wives
and get back to eating I'm just kidding
well no next food okay I ordered a
grilled cheese sandwich where is it also
I love that they have grilled cheese
sandwiches I feel like that's very
random oh my god okay I think this is it
this motherfucker so it's basically just
a bun with some cheese in it alright
let's see if it passes a spread test
it's by the way if your doctor asks you
to do that he's not a doctor also you're
not in the hospital you're in the school
basement he's the janitor you're gonna
have a fucked up future let's eat all
right here we go
what nothing literally nothing what this
is supposed to be gooey fucking grilled
cheese fat guys I know
this isn't your fault I know it's the
wives wives sit down listen to me
Wella bitch stop laying an egg cuz
that's some say this is not a grilled
cheese a grilled cheese is supposed to
go and there's must be some cheese going
out of every side this this is like you
when your husband takes one of the other
wives to Fuddruckers for a date you
depressed and you need some rest
what you ain't getting cuz you have 85
kids stop lay your eggs all right let's
take a bite oh that's so gross that okay
hold on you need to see that it's
literally just like pieces of cheese on
bread not melted literally if not even
cooked
this is a bad sign husband you need to
watch those wives cuz they are done
those chickens are gonna fry themselves
you know and it's not gonna be crispy
delicious it's gonna be gross oh okay
let's see what else we got oh my god
I don't know what this burger is but it
is dripping and it is fucking heavy what
is this one oh my god okay so this is a
spicy burger I got all the spicy
toppings I got hella pic that looks
crazy that is a crazy singer berry
that's not food this is like a person
that was chewed up and fuckin thrown out
by a dinosaur this was like barbed after
one of the stranger things was like oh
my god oh my god why did I eat that I
didn't meet that I ate it cuz it was
right in front of me
I didn't even loan it let me just throw
that up like what is wrong with those
little monsters why do you want to eat
bar you got so many other people in that
town you want far that's not going to
Baskin Robbins and getting Mako if I go
into McDonald's and getting a wrap
bitch wrap it up literally wrap up your
life you're done okay let's take a bye
oh that holy fuck also my hair I don't
know what's happening I didn't do it I
just showered and I've turned into a
five-year-old homeless girl it looked
like I'm in a production of Annie the
Sun will come out so much
Oh bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow
I'll wake up at noon and then I'll check
my Instagram comments and I'll stay in
bed until about 3:00 because I'm sad and
then I'll go on Twitter and check my
army pause and then stall because they
all say let's see oh my gosh this is the
spices like boom PAH birth magic I can't
I can't eat it oh my god
haha I don't have any drinks but this is
very crazy I don't know who would eat
this besides me when I turn the camera
off also this is the biggest thing I've
ever seen like why like this ain't just
barb this is the whole cast of stranger
things including them we started that
little boy with the list like I get it
he's America's Sweetheart everybody
loves him I was waiting for his ass to
key oh so why did the ball girl a little
boy fuck I know they're too young but
come on you can't tease me like that
stranger things you can't have them like
touching and clothes and like being all
flirty and then they didn't even fuck
not even a kiss all right did they kiss
I don't remember asked you worried
thinking about bar who is barb like
who's the girl behind barbed me me with
his haircut today boy hey guys go that's
me trying five guys burger and fries and
I fucking actually really liked it I'm
very surprised surprised Five Guys
Burgers and Fries got me surprised I'm
gonna turn off this camera keep eating
and cry with this new haircut sometimes
I wonder if I'm even the guy make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and make
sure you subscribe
oh my god I can't stop oh my god why is
my finger bleeding my fingers bleeding
did these burgers fuck me up that bad
it was the wives wives with knives I
asked if there were chickens they said
they were human it was all eyes okay I'm
gonna go oh here that photo see you
tomorrow make sure to go I already said
that all out of the fucking
I have a lot of food on my hands and I
need to go there's more blood my other
fingers bleeding literally what is
happening okay I'm gonna go
i I'll see you guys later err so would
you really fuck me Shane if you wanted
to I would have I would have been so
down really I feel like you're joking
but I wouldn't just like fuck you you
know me like I want to just like oh my
god I want to funk Shane I would want to
like date you and fall in love with you
