somebody I went to school with and also
somebody that I did consider a friend at
the time killed someone and nobody to
this day knows the motive I was already
planning on asking somebody from high
school to like be in my video so I can
interview them about everything I kind
of feel like she's the perfect choice
but also I just miss her a lot as I go
back to high school
mm-hmm okay so I'm in the car right now
because I'm about to drive to Long Beach
where I grew up which is gonna be
triggering and I'm gonna go hang out
with one of my best friends from high
school
her name is Megan Murray and she was
awesome we filmed videos together I kind
of had a crush on her I think she might
have known I don't know maybe I'll ask
her all right I got to go to work
fine I'll just make out with myself and
she's gone ah never mind
anyways she was in my class with Kirk
Kelvin and she said she wasn't very
surprised
killed somebody so I want to see what
she means man also right now Ralph's
because Rylan just had to get emergency
emergency cough drops protein bar I'm
living all right it is where I grew up
yep let's go to Long Beach
okay so we are officially in Long Beach
before we pick up Megan I have to pee
and possibly diarrhea I feel like a lot
of things should we go find your house
well I don't think on drafts anymore cuz
that just made me diarrhea my bitch oh
my god it's so nice that they have a big
picture of me I'm looking at um
celebrity
this is the area I spent most of my
childhood in the frozen breakfast frozen
dinner and frozen entrees I could we
live in a game sign on the toilet seat
this is really weird
the way this is taking us is literally
to the house at Grubman I did not know
she lived that close to it oh my god
that's a church if we got kicked out of
we got kicked out for playing the penis
game why did you know I was dealing with
my bisexuality leave me alone so the
house I grew up in is right there oh my
god oh my inner demon still live there
let's burn down the house okay I'm
kidding let's go to Megan alright we
just got here I am so excited it just
hit me it's kind of like a high school
reunion except I don't have to deal with
all the people that hated me which was
everybody except for Megan no I did have
a crush on her when I was younger is
that gonna bother you wait really
now I'm Diary egg oh my god oh my god
hey let me give you a real hug oh my god
I am really excited right now I've been
talking about you all day you know what
I think I feel like you were a really
good friend to me but you had a lot of
friends so I wouldn't say it a lot of
friends I hung out with a lot of
different groups of people what type of
group was I in the taking out by a bag
just God people hundr the crazy treat is
that what you're trying to make your
circle oh my god wait what ah I have a
cold
diet root beer for you oh and this is
the Queen herself Megan's mom
patty-cakes hello we were always in your
house making very very strange videos
yeah do you remember being frightened by
them or being confused why we're making
them never call me sweetie again you
whore what was that I said I love you
may be confused no no right it was a lot
of laughter you guys are having fun well
your house looks amazing I'm gonna have
some of this Tigerettes beer I'm really
nervous and it makes not good how are
you feeling the same I'm nervous too
wait I'm sorry what I just what is that
it's my engagement ring you're getting
there it just happened
oh my god yeah we want
I don't know maybe Alaska Alaska
okay whatever bye that looks like the
heart of the ocean oh he went down and
got it for me all right
well we're gonna hang out and talk and
stuff and then now we're gonna talk
about murder yes do you remember when we
would drive around on like Saturday
nights yeah what a Walmart go to
Yogurtland we had a lot of fun
we were under 21 we had nowhere to go so
we just made our own see here's the
difference those when you turn 21 and
when everybody else is turned 21
everybody started like partying and
drinking and having fun I was still
going to Walmart still going to
Yogurtland
wouldn't like what changed for you
honestly the honest truth about it I was
still in the closet I hadn't dealt with
the bisexual thing and I was afraid that
if I got drunk or if I drank I would
tell somebody or I would like try to
kiss a guy just to try it out I mean
that that means that
you could have had a lot more fun I
could have said a lot more dicks oh my
gosh this is the school this is so weird
it's been years
you just think go would I did that's
their catchphrase all right let's see if
we can break in well we're not doing
that I'm not physically fit enough to do
that what if we give you a list I'm I
need an uber I'm I need I'm gonna need a
car to run through it
wait there's somebody out there wait
maybe they'll let us in excuse me can we
come in I'm trying to relive my youth
wait these are coming oh my god he's
coming so you just have to be nice to
people
we're here to burn down the school we're
not doing that oh okay change of plans
what if he walks all the way over here
and just tells us to leave update he
literally walked all the way over here
just to say we're closed
wait that's where we shot a video with
Kirk right there oh my god
that's where we shot oh this is like
where I shot a lot of our high school
videos I never thought I'd want to go
inside a fight all right well let's sit
on the ground and let's talk about our
theories so when I misses you you said
you weren't surprised yeah I think there
was the initial shock like everybody
else but then when I really sat back and
reflected on who he was throughout
middle school in high school I wasn't
that surprised anymore there was some
odd behavior
wait what I never heard him talk about
anything personal I mean I sat next him
in a lot of classes but I never heard
him talk about friends or family or
girlfriends or anything like that and I
noticed that he never had and tell me if
you remember something different like a
true like laugh or genuine reaction to
something that we've matched the rest of
us I always kind of felt there was like
a coldness or just like a maybe smugness
I'm not quite sure what it was just
something not fully there with the rest
of us I don't know if this is an exact
time no by no means a professional but I
just think it's odd that from sixth
grade to 12th grade as long as we knew
he never changed his hair he always wore
some sort of polo I feel like in like
khaki shorts he just looked the same to
me every single day every single year
there was never even you kind of changed
her hair do you not remember I was just
thinking I did five years literally
wears the same thing every day every day
do you have any theories on why he did
it a lot of people I talk to think that
it was drugs and a lot of people think
that it was insanity because there's a
lot of psychologists involved in the
case I just have like a weird deep
feeling that there's more to it like I
don't think he just snapped I don't
think that's I don't know I just don't
feel it when we first talked about it
I had a feeling just looking back on who
he was as a person like maybe he's a
sociopath and just nobody caught on but
I was thinking that again maybe I mean
he killed his uncle maybe there was some
sort of molestation in his childhood and
I know that's awful to think about but
what would drive somebody to take those
steps and
family member yeah I mean that's
something that like I was even nervous
to bring up but it's something
everybody's thinking about but like none
of us you know like cuz none of us knew
the uncle and he was probably a great
man I mean it is one of those things
like when you're not given a reason like
in the court documents in every document
I found there's no reason for murder
he just said she did it never said
anything during the trial and then they
sent him to jail so it's like can I ask
you a question yeah because you seemed
really affected by it and I don't know
if it's just curiosity or you're
disturbed but why do you think it's
affecting you so much
I think I'm affected by it because he
was a part of the popular group that he
was always really nice to me and when
the popular kids would make fun of me he
would be the one that would kind of
really quietly tell them to stop or say
like machines cool you know I did a
video with him where he played a killer
like I made him kill somebody the video
which is crazy
but I don't know I just had this weird
connection to him like he was the
popular nerd and I was the unpopular
nerd and I felt like a bond so him doing
this like I wanted a wife the one thing
I remember that he did so I was you know
a big kid and I was sweating a lot and I
would always wear like a t-shirt with a
button-up over it because I wanted a
barrier but sweet my sweat and my
clothes so I had this shirt to kind of
catch the sweat I would put my button up
over the back of my chair my desk so
that it wouldn't touch my sweater and I
did that one day the person behind these
desk got smashed up against my shirt and
I didn't know and I was about to get up
and it would have completely like ripped
my shirt off and he stopped me and he
was just like hey did your shirt
and I was just like oh thank you and I
fixed it and I know that's dumb and I
know that's just like whatever but
nobody in high school is like that with
me nobody really cared or helped or was
nice or if anything I was kind of joke
sometimes it's like for him to do that
even those little that's why I'm
struggling too because it shows that his
feelings and it shows that he cares and
shows this he's empathetic like so I'm
not buying the whole sociopath like oh
whatever like I think it's something
bigger than that because why else he
would just let my shirt get ripped and
get marason father yeah you're right he
didn't right well speaking of high
school I don't have any of my yearbooks
or anything I have a feeling your mom I
happen to have every yearbook freshman
sophomore junior senior oh and there's
the diarrhea again I wonder if I ever
wrote in your yearbook like I wonder
what I said
probably 8-bit oh my god that's the
Walmart that we stay hanging out at I'm
such a loser that's the wall oh my god
the long beach town center this was the
jam I had so many what I thought were
dates at this movie theater and then it
just turned out no I was the fat gay
friend who they just wanted to talk to
you about the boyfriend so memories
alright there's one thing that I've
always wanted to do I hate that I'm
doing it but this is the Barnes & Noble
that we went to all the time I went
there like every weekend God Starbucks
looked at the sex book all the Kama
sutras but now I want to see if they
have up there which is so gross I should
put my book next to the sex books that
would be like full circle
we really am in the Christian life
category definitely not that closer
there we are
oh my god should we spread them out
perfect I love a supportive boyfriend oh
no sorry
we'll stop it's you so can't you do
whatever you want I love that attitude
that's the YouTuber attitude jabbin on
the nadir of course because it's mean
we're eating and we were just talking
about how in class when we were really
poor if you look across the room in each
other what did we do we can to mine
so if there was a video or a lecture
that was just literally killing us we
were creative yeah I remember stabbing
my own self in the neck and then across
like that you see most people remember
things like from our homecoming our
first kisses
I just remembered me and my best friend
minding these two killers
okay so I thought this would be the
perfect time to say something and see
what your reaction is okay there was a
period in my life I'm not gonna lie I
might have had a crush on you
okay did you know no was I
was I being muffled like was I trying to
make you feel like you were gonna be a
boyfriend no I'm actually kind of
hitting but I'm I'm not no I I'm just so
happy that I'm here and I'm so happy
that we're talking we're reconnecting
and we're gonna go back to your house
talk more about murder and high school
how was the transition all right bring
in the yearbooks Oh oh my god oh are you
ready to see what I look like this is
supposed to be extraordinary or anything
but wait what for anything but
extraordinary that's not good I'm not
relating on that did I write in here
who's this whole page what is she in a
tree
I don't know how does she die what
happened no this is the back where like
parents could buy their kids the hell
yeah I'm nothing really good I don't
think I've ever seen that crazier oh my
god that's not as bad as out yeah like
she doesn't look too bad
oh my god wait where are you it's bad
huh did you look like the girl from the
ring
the deadlines who crawled out of the
well no but in a cute way like before
she died like in the flashback Oh
thingies my mom is better you had a glow
up oh my god wait we just found what I
wrote in your yearbook what did I say
love it if you would at least that I
probably said that and I did yeah did
you do anything that would have gotten
like a name in clubs or no like desserts
look for eating alone by the girls
bathroom you can always go to the Gay
Straight Alliance this is crazy
the blood drive pictures of everybody
screaming bloody murder literally what
wait wait wait okay do you sign with the
footprints between everybody else's
picture oh my god oh my god I literally
just got the chills
I wasn't even we weren't even looking
for that like here's the difference
there's Katherine who is always just
bubbly and light and then the other
picture that actually like actually
scares me yeah he looks scary oh my gosh
wait when I went to the bathroom I
looked into one of the rooms and I saw a
couple Lakewood shirts I can pull them
out a few more what size are they medium
or largest
if I could fit into a high school shirt
I've never been in South reacts hey let
me go oh my god of dreams are happening
alright yeah yeah okay
it's a little tight but uh you know I
almost fit into it and that's a big deal
for me
are you ready class of 2006
No
when we started this today I didn't know
this is where we're gonna end oh my god
it looks like one of those like most
likely to well over we most likely lose
we didn't get voted most likely to I
mean I know he technically did it but I
think I'm most likely to kill somebody
like keep it real and you're most likely
to be the person killer Sophie I'm just
kidding here the person that I would
call after what a night we started
thinking it was gonna be about something
scary and dark and then it got scarier
and darker talk about ourselves
yeah thanks for always being nice to me
and being a good friend
okay so I just got home and that was an
unexpectedly fun day which is kind of
weird because I went into it thinking it
was going to be more about figuring out
the mystery of murder and kind of just
turn more into me reconnecting with an
old friends which felt really good it's
definitely been interesting lately I
feel like I've had this weird thing
where I'm constantly making all these
videos about my past and reliving my
childhood and talking to people from
high school and I'm not even
to do it it's just kind of happening but
every time I do one of these videos I
feel like lighter I don't know I'm not
gonna question it anyways back to Kirk
today I genuinely saw a different side
of him looking at all those pictures
again hearing her side of it and what
she noticed about him I'm definitely a
little more confused a little more
conflicted but I'm gonna keep looking
for more and more answers and I've tried
to reach out to his family I think I'm
gonna do it again maybe I'll try to
visit him in jail I don't know I'm
scared of that but I genuinely want to
know more hi Howard you guys I'm gonna
go and I might not have found out the
reason for murder today but I definitely
enjoyed reading it a really good mystery
all right let's get a thumbnail that's
really uncomfortably looking at each
other over a plate of food so I think
the vibe is like like they never knew
