hey what's up guys my name is destro and
welcome back to another what the fuck 5
so I think volatile for my terrible
costume it's Halloween I'm Harry Potter
my parents are super dead but I can also
cast spells and shit pretty spot-on
impression in my opinion but since it's
Halloween I thought we would continue
talking about creepy topics like we did
last week which by the way make sure you
guys have seen that video here if you
haven't already so for today's list
we'll be talking about the most haunted
objects in the entire world and trust me
some of these legitimately gave me
nightmares so if you're easily creeped
out I don't know what you're doing
watching me in the first place but
you've been warned number one the
conjure chest what are people gonna
learn just not to open old cursed
fucking boxes get real tired of this
shit the conjure chest though is said to
be one of the most cursed items in the
entire world over 150 years ago an
african-american slave named ho Z began
working on a chest for his master jacob
Cooley's for ass born son
although the chest was seriously dope
Cooley was inexplicably displeased with
the chest and beat ho Z to death who
Lee's other slaves vowed to avenge the
death of Hosey saying yo that's
seriously not Pooley sorry about that
pun I had to the slaves then performed a
ritual on the chest wishing misfortune
to anyone who gets near it over the
years of the chest remained in the
Cooley house over seventeen unusual
deaths occurred including the death of
his own firstborn son for whom the chest
was made after many years the chest
began claiming more than ten of the
Cooley family one generation at a time
my question is why would you accept this
thing into your house after your family
just keeps mysteriously dying around it
good things like a nice thing to put my
living room
I mean it keeps making thousands of shit
but oh well eventually though the deaths
just became too much for me a
coincidence and a shaman was called to
remove the curse the conjure chest still
exists to this day and resides in the
Kentucky History Museum never again
allowed to be touched by human hands
number two the robert otto doll it's not
uncommon for kids to have imagined
my friends so what about one that talks
back what about one that wants you to
kill a young boy in Key West Florida
Eugene Otto this actually happened I
don't love the doll so much as a kid he
would take it everywhere play with it
constantly and even talk to it but
according to his parents on several
occasions they would hear something else
answer him in a different voice what
night the parents are well - screaming
coming from Eugene's room as well as the
sound of furniture moving and loud
crashes when they ran to his room to
open the door it was locked
and after finally breaking down the door
the room was in complete shambles with
Eugene crying on his bed pointing at the
doll saying Robert did it what the fuck
but even after the family moved out of
the house they left the doll in the
attic where the new residents claimed to
hear voices coming from the attic and
demonic giggling emanating from the doll
that's just barely any of the stuff
that's happened around this doll just
really like a whole page of people's
deaths and illnesses and shit I can't
even mention this video because it would
take way too long to even mention so
where is this doll now luckily it now
resides in the East Martello Museum in
Key West Florida behind a case that
urges tourists not to take pictures of
it unless they want to be possessed
number three be hens resist him painting
they say that people who possess
heightened paranormal senses get sick to
the stomach from even looking at a
picture of the mysterious painting that
appeared on eBay in the year 2000 called
the hands resist him painted by Bill
Stoneham in 1972 the painting has been
in over seven different homes each of
which getting rid of the painting after
just a few months of owning it due to
its extremely unsettling nature and
claims of it being haunted especially
disturbing though is the fact that the
first two people to ever look at the
painting died within a year of looking
at it from unknown reasons owners of the
painting claim that it comes to live at
night often seeing the boy in the
painting around their house staring at
them children who look at the painting
have been reported to simply run from it
claiming - the hands are reaching out to
get them so I'm not sure if people think
that this painting is haunted so much as
it's just unsettling and like weird to
look at but I'm not gonna lie this thing
creeps me the fuck out it's like he's
just staring into your soul and it's
just
for the Myrtle's plantation mirror so
the myrtles plantation itself is said to
actually be one of the most haunted
places in the world built on an Indian
burial ground near st. Francisville
Louisiana the Myrtle plantation was
around during the Civil War where slaves
were allegedly humped from trees two
children were killed here and one of the
building's owners was shot and killed on
the front porch and although the entire
house and the property are enough
reasons never to fucking go there most
believe that no object on the premises
is more haunted than the mirror in the
living room set to house the souls of a
mother and child who died on the
property some say that if you look in
the mirror long enough you can see their
dead faces stare back at you other
visitors claim to the mirror simply made
them vomit when looking at it which
doesn't seem like a really great thing
to have in your living room when you're
doing house tours and here's our living
room this is our beautiful sorry about
that
there's our dining room what's really
fucked up is that you can actually stay
at the myrtles plantation overnight but
seriously people have left reviews on
their page saying like we stayed in the
caretakers cottage and had a ghost we
experienced the state was perfect with
terrific service and an even better
atmosphere I can't wait to go back to
fuck bitch also on the site it lists the
places amenities which include free
Wi-Fi
air conditioning oh wait you guys forgot
one a giant chance you'll get possessed
and finally at number 5 is the Annabelle
doll so yes if you've ever seen the
movie Annabelle or the conjuring the
Annabelle doll was a real thing which
makes the events in that movie that much
scarier after a woman purchased an old
doll from a thrift shop in 1970 to give
to her daughter no one could have
guessed the doll itself could be housing
one of the most malevolent spirits to
ever haunt an object what started out as
the doll simply moving on its own from
room to room even appearing back in the
house after had been thrown away turned
more sinister when the girls who lived
in the house found paper with children's
writing on it all over the house it
doesn't sound that sinister but I would
shit my pants probably after they call
this psychic it was suggested that a
spirit named Annabelle Higgins could be
possessing the doll and just wanted a
friend to play with reluctantly deciding
to keep the doll paranormal occurrences
only got worse even attacking
their male friends soon after a renowned
paranormal investigators ed and Lorraine
Warren were assigned to this case where
was said that the doll was actually
possessed by a demonic presence lying
about its identity and meant to harm or
kill anyone who came close to it and
though it didn't claim any lives that we
know about the Annabelle doll still
exists to this day and is locked
hopefully safely away in an Lorraine's
house of paranormal artifacts well I
hope you're sufficiently creeped out
nothing hell I am
that shit was scary I honestly can't
imagine Harry Potter saying a cuss word
but alright only you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did make sure to give
it a like and also subscribe to this
channel as there will be more every
single week I can't wanted to come in
and say hello so here she is yeah if you
guys want to leave any suggestions for
other what the fuck five episodes make
sure to do that in the comment section
down below what do you want from me cat
Jesus also make sure to subscribe to me
at youtube.com slash Harry Potter my
parents are really dead I don't know why
I keep telling you that but actually
make sure to check out my channel
youtube.com slash cat destice as i also
post videos there every single week
that's it i'll see you guys next time
for another one the fuck five thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
