hands of the guys yes today I'm going to
do something a little bit different and
I'm kind of nervous about it because
I've never done something like this
before today I'm going to be trying a
mukbang now if you don't know what a
moose bang is or mukbang I don't know
how fuck to say it is basically an
eating show so for me what I do is when
I'm gonna eat dinner alone um with my
dog in my creepy house I like to turn on
a video of somebody eating food and
talking usually Trisha Paytas she does a
lot of them and they're amazing check
them out and it kind of makes you feel
like you're eating dinner with somebody
that is so fucking sad when I say it out
loud holy shit but hey you're sad too
right welcome to my channel so here's my
plan my plan is I'm gonna eat my dinner
with you because I have not even yet um
I also have a big bucket of candy for
dessert and the biggest bag of chips
you've ever seen in your life
just from snacks and who now has a bone
which he's completely fucking destroying
right now and now he's destroying the
pillow no to the bone oh why her feet
everything I said out loud and I was
really talking about myself so my
thought is you guys should go grab your
food if you're not eating right now if
it's not dinner time pause this video
come back in a few hours to grab your
dinner let's like eat together hang out
talk I feel like this could be fun and
maybe I could do this once in a while
and it's kind of like we're just hanging
out okay so here's what I have first of
all I have this huge box which has my
address on it we're just going to blur
that out so I have this here because I'm
going to put my food on top which is
Chipotle
okay so I got not really what I wanted
because what I wanted was a huge burrito
and what I got instead was a fucking
salad which sucks but it's fine trying
to fit back into my skinny clothes
instead of the four extra-large Britney
Spears shirt I wear every night anyway
okay so let me show you my food okay
look things are also like this weird
fetish where people like to look at the
food you're eating I don't really get
that because the food I eat it looks
fucking disgusting like this looks like
a fucking bowl of shit which is very on
brand because it's too public but this
is a salad and inside of the salad you
have chicken if you have this new meat
called chorizo that they started selling
which is not animate that meats been
around forever meat but that's in the
salad you also have this salad dressing
that I'm gonna put on top they forgot
that welcome only you fuck
I'm actually really depressed about that
but it's fine I'm gonna act like I'm
fine cuz it's a moose bang and I want us
to have a nice dinner right have a nice
dinner
oh the childhood flashbacks go no stop
chewing the pillow please just chew this
bone and be on camera like a good dog
there we go why can't you be like Joey
Graceffa dogs they're so pretty and
perfect and great great nails a great
hair and they're skinny and look great
are we talking about his dogs anymore no
we're talking about him I also have
Cholula hot sauce which is my favorite I
like to put that on top you can't see my
food fuck I need it to be hot there we
go Oh perfect then we have my cry
because I stopped drinking diet soda
listen this is a huge deal for me I have
stopped drinking night soda I don't
drink IRA beer anymore which is really
hard for me because I'm afraid of dying
I know it's crazy
usually I joke about like I can't wait
to die and that used to be true but
lately I've been like happy in my life
which is a shock and I don't want to die
so I switched about do you not like my
lacrosse brand deal bitch I'm kidding
this is not a brand deal and they should
never sponsor me because I mean what am
I doing with my life okay what are you
eating let me know down the comments oh
that's fun if you're eating something
right now if you're eating dinner or
launch of Records when I'm fuck you're
watching this or if you're just like me
and you have a bucket of candy let me
know down the comments so I know what
you guys are eating because I'm fucking
creepy okay so I'm with the Twitter and
I said hey guys like semi question semi
topics cuz mukbangs
you can kind of just like
about whatever and I don't really want
to make a bunch of jokes I just want to
like talk to you guys like you're my
friends let's see what you guys want me
to talk about okay a lot of you guys
want me to talk about dating and
relationships hold on let me grab a fork
um you know I'm gonna need it when we
started on my best yet so there's a hair
in my food this move bang is not off to
a good start
here's the funny thing about
relationships and dating I used to be
really into talking about it and like
talking to my friends about it and talk
to the internet about it and talking to
everybody I can you know fucking talk to
about it and I think that's something
you do when you're young because you're
kind of like oh I want everybody to know
about my relationship and how happy I am
and like you know how great the sex is
and how amazing the kisses are not right
and then as you grow up you're kind of
like those people are so fucking
annoying like nobody gives a fuck by
your relationship nobody gives a fuck
about the sex that's a lie I love
hearing about it I love bad sex stories
that's like stories you're my favorite
like when people talk about my shit on
his chest it was an accident only I
would talk about this during a movie
sorry for beating but like bad sex
stories to me make me feel better about
myself because honestly here's the thing
I'm gonna be honest I'm pretty good at
sex like I know you would not think that
by like everything I say about myself
I'm pretty good at it I'm not like
amazing I'm not gonna like blow your
fucking brain off you're not gonna be
like holy fuck
I can only fuck Shane for the rest of my
life because like dick to Bao you're
gonna be like dick is embalm but dick is
a knife and it's stabbing me a lot until
I believe do you not care about this
you're fuckin over the Moot bang Oh sad
no so I always postmates from this
Mexican restaurant on like the weekends
cuz me and the person I'm dating like to
eat it oh fuck dropping hands oh shit
I'll talk about a minute but I asked for
a bag of chips one bag of chips I was
like oh can I get a bag of chips 1 2 3 3
huge fucking bags of chips and you know
why I call them like hey guys like I
know like from my profile picture on my
post mate profile you probably assume I
need 18 bags of chips because of my 18
Chin's but I don't and they're like oh
no we wanted to give you like each
flavor chip because there's flour and
then there's corn and then there's
whatever the fuck that one is I have not
opened it yet and I'm a little nervous
because like what else is
like how is there another fucking
version of chip I don't know I'm scared
you guys gonna open it with me anyways
so I am dating somebody yes but I don't
want it to be a thing you mean why is
there a bone in my boot Bank also every
dog in the fucking neighborhood is
barking right now this video isn't out
going well where's my dog girl literally
where did my daughter I thought my dog
got ate by a coyote today I put him
outside behind the house cuz like I'm
trying to potty train him and I was like
okay you go shit I'll go shit and then
we'll reconvene when we're both on
shitting like that sounds like a great
idea right so I go shit
takes me a few minutes and a few minutes
I mean five Trisha Paytas videos in like
three lacroix and I'm finally done and
then I go out and he's gone
and it was like where the fuck is my dog
can't mine him anywhere I'm screening I
hear dogs barking around the
neighborhood there's coyotes in my
neighborhood I'm like oh my god did a
coyote come fucking scoop him up didn't
happen a Paris Hilton though or like Kim
Kardashian's dog and having somebody
stop and I kept fighting for like 20
minutes and crying screaming
motherfuckers somehow crawl underneath
the fence like dug a fucking tunnel
underneath events got through it and
then went swimming like he's is a
fucking resort like he's like oh I'm
gonna take a little shit take a little
swim leave my fucking life like no bitch
you're my dog I'm trying to train you
this isn't fucking rehab you can just do
whatever the fuck you want this isn't a
vacation bitch this is your life now and
it sucks get used to it anyways yes
dating is interesting I decided after my
last relationship I didn't want to do
another public one because I just feel
like those always end weird and like
then like I mean look at the whole I
don't wanna bring it out but other
youtuber relationships when they end
it's like drama and it's all over like
drama channels but every psycho who
cheat on truth who's gay who's this
who's that who abused to and I don't
want to be a part of that again cuz like
really sad so I'm just like not gonna
like talk about it really
you
but I am happy and it did take me a long
time to actually date and open myself up
because the last relationship the last
really really serious relationship I was
in was Lisa and there's so much love
there and there still is and we still
hang out all the time
it is weird - I'm not gonna talk about
her dating life but it is weird because
I feel like like okay I was showing the
person who currently dating like some of
my older videos because they were like
oh I haven't like really seen your
videos and like let me show you
something and literally every single
video that I show somehow ends with me
at Lisa kissing and I'm like not a riot
like who's weird like if you did this to
me I bet I can get the bug out
so that was weird but it's just a part
of my life how I just swallowed a chip
hole I'm choking
Lacroix save me I wish you were so damn
my brain deal mm-hmm
Lacroix wish you were soda so yes that's
the Danny situation and yes wheelies are
still really good friends and yes I
still masturbate too much and it's a
problem next up this is kind of fun
right is this fun I don't know you guys
probably hate this I'll never do it
again or should I I don't know I'm bad
at making decisions let's talk about
that boo okay somebody wants me to talk
about vivid dreaming so if you guys
don't know what this is I want to do a
whole video on this later Oh baby
dreaming was when you're in a dream and
you feel like everything is very real
you can touch things you can move things
and here's my trick my trick is if
you're dreaming try to find something to
read like the back of a cereal box the
back of a Lacroix the back of a Chipotle
bag anything and if you try to read it
you'll notice that all the letters don't
make sense like all the words don't make
sense it's all the mumble it's all
fucking weird and that's when you're
like oh I'm fucking dreaming then once
you know you're dreaming you can do
anything last night in my dream I can't
even begin to tell you what I did I
killed so many people I really do have
problems
I think it's pent up anger and rage from
childhood bang no but I really do love
like coughing like my own purges in my
dreams I was like I know the movie the
purge is like really scary because like
oh my god like if Donald Trump wins like
everybody's gonna like her just gonna be
so scary we're just gonna die and I'm
like oh my god that is scary it goes to
sleep dreams about purge kills a million
people like that's my life you know I
mean I love horror movies I would never
kill
anybody let me start by saying that I
would never kill anybody I'm not a
violent person I don't even kill bugs
like when somebody falls down I cry
literally a woman threw up at Walmart
it sounds like I'm joking I'm not
actually that doesn't sound like I'm
joking it smaller and you've seen the
people that go there they eat so much
that they are going to throw up
including me and I saw this woman throw
up - her crying like just watching her
throw it made me sad like I don't know
how that proves I wouldn't kill anybody
but it doesn't so I'm not gonna kill
anybody don't think I'm a serial killer
but in my dreams I do like to do it it
feels good it's like popping a pimple
but like you're ending a life Boothbay
next topic what was that topic murder
probably not okay so a lot of you guys
want me you're talking about RuPaul's
Drag Race I'll make it quick cuz I know
some of you guys probably don't watch
that know anything about it basically
this season kind of bored me I'm a
honest it was an all-star season there
wasn't like a big finale like it was
just like BAM in a room and like you're
the winner it's like yes Queen and I'm
like there was no audience I come here
Alaska one I think Alaska is probably my
favorite drag queen I think well one of
my favorites she's so funny so talented
that her music videos are insane does
she definitely deserve it but I don't
know I was kind of rooting for Katya
because I felt like Katya was kind of
the underdog but then feel like with
those shows the underdog always wins and
it's so obvious so I kind of like that
Alaska won but it was kind of sad but I
do love Alaska so I'm happy you're
conflicting but also I don't want to get
into this bucket I'll get into it it's
my move payment Roxxxy Andrews
I like Roxxxy no shade to Roxy but like
you know me like Alaska has this crazy
thing going on these crazy songs as
crazy looks Katya has like the Russian
character it's just the jokes and she
knows that whatever detox has like this
intense look and like knows what she's
doing no shit and then Roxy's just like
pretty like there's not that much more
which is fine but like Hello like
something else like give me a backflip
bitch give me like a joke or give me a
signature move pop the fucking ping-pong
ball out of your pussy bitch something
so I just was never really bad press
with Roxy seems really nice so I don't
want to be me but you know what I mean I
think even Roxy knows that because at
the end of the show when they're like
who do you think should win tell us why
you should win that's my room and they
were everybody's like I shouldn't you in
there Roxy's like I'm like I'm like good
thing I know there's gonna spam but
I still want to win like I'm like bro
that would be like if for Girl Scouts
came to my house which should not happen
because that would end badly for
everybody everyone I told you about
killing people my dreams if four girls
guys came to my door and I was like
alright bitch what you selling and then
ones like who daddy
well bitch didn't call me daddy you know
just stay with me
ooh daddy oh my god these peanut butter
alone with Jenny hmm fucking bye to that
shit bust open fucking peanut butter all
over the place bitch it's gonna fuck
your shit up you're gonna be shook lady
my varna girl next and then the next
door was like boo you know lemon pound
cake and I'm like not a fan they're like
you ain't tried my pound cake bitch
once again the Girl Scout should not
talk like this but it's in my dream so
it's mine and I'm like oh really she's
like yeah but daddy yeah why do they
keep calling me daddy I don't know can't
daddy ooh you gonna love this lemon
pound cake bitch ooh you're gonna be
like cake cake cake cake okay what you
want from me huh what you want from it I
got what you want from me Oh what you
need from it remember that Rihanna song
they like only released the 30 seconds
of it then yet the next girl don't user
I didn't even got a cookie bitch I just
got my mug and I'm like girl let me get
a selfie with you like this bitch is out
of cookies I cured his soul or her
cookie so now she's selling selfies and
I'm like Queen then you got the next
girl the last girl and she's like well I
don't have a tag-along
cuz like I'm allergic to peanuts and I
don't have a lemon pound cake
cuz like I'm allergic to citrus and I
don't take selfies cuz my mode is
cracked so I have these Ring Pop they're
pretty old and expired and the flavor is
watermelon which nobody likes so wanna
buy it
no bitch get the fuck out go back to
fucking your true tell those bitches you
failed it has somebody called the cookie
monster to come and eat show as dead cuz
you don't deserve to be here
go well that's my thought every fall
fuckers
I mean cookies I don't know okay some
people want me to talk about if I
actually would date daddy'd the gabbie
show this is interesting this is a
little like behind-the-scenes
behind-the-scenes like we're making a
movie
we're fucking in each other's apartments
eating food on camera it's not about me
but here is some a scene
Gazza this is the weird thing with
youtubers like sometimes you don't know
if they're joking or not and then like
they'll keep saying it and you'll be
like are you joking you'll never know
it's like with Gabby she was like I
would date you and I was like right
she's like no like I'd fuck you and I'm
like rap and like she kept saying and I
was like right right but I think she was
being oh we should call her
we should call her out because I think
she's being honest because we kissed in
the video and that went good
I know it was good she's good I'm good
like the kissing was good we both have
like issues with eating so I feel like
we were just eating each other's faces
which is like everything and then after
but I was dating something I'm still
dating I'm dating the same person I was
dating somebody the time when I was like
so obviously I'm not gonna act on this
but I was like I feel like she felt
something I like I would fuck like why
not right then like I'll give the Gabby
a show like I'll cancel that bitch you
know I'm saying like I'll fucking open
the curtains and bitch
roll-call I'm saying anyways and then
she came over again for a video and she
was like dressed like looked all good
and I'm like where are you going she's
like oh no we're just here and I'm my
girl we go then we almost kissed again
but we didn't instead we just say food i
fluid my to you this is gross whatever
but I feel like she wanted to make out
with like I feel like she wanted it
again this color why not look babe fuck
we want
Gabby show by the way I have her number
in my phone as the gabbie show and it's
dollar on its fell due the why I'm such
an asshole
oh here we go I wonder if she wants to
be in our mood bang what know what wait
oh my god wait guy ok I'm filming a
video right now that's okay I was just
talking about our connection this is
weird okay guys she just texted me
saying attention attention there's a
fanfiction about us literally I'm
filming the MOOC bang right now and I'm
just talking about random stuff and
somebody wanted me to talk about dating
you and then I was like I think Gabby
really wants to fuck but I don't really
know but I feel like she's joking but I
feel like she's not let's call her and
get the details that's so weird
no it's fucking perfect what's the
fanfiction we have to act it out like
not right now cause like I move banging
I want to look good like we need to do a
full fledge like you need to be naked
that's always my thing is when people
are like oh let's do a video I'm like
great and I'm like I need to like make
it for three weeks ahead because I need
to go to the gym like a hundred times
okay well we'll be naked we'll do it
we'll do a fucking fanfiction but if
okay I'll show my dick if you tell me
the honest truth right now so would you
really fuck me really I feel like really
wait you think oh my god I can pay for
all of our therapy it's gonna be great
oh I love you and maybe one day we'll
fuck and we'll do it on camera well I
was I'm bit I've been dating somebody
while I've done videos with you so like
I don't really know yes I think I would
up and here's why because at the time I
met you originally I was just at the end
of that whole like oh I want to try
having like sex with people thing cuz
I'm very I don't know how you are I'm
very scared to have sex because I feel
like I know I'm good at it
I know like dick bomb but I have a lot
of issues and it takes me a long time to
have sex with something so I would need
to like date you and fall in love with
you and then we'd have sex does that
make sense right no it would have been a
one-night stand it would be like the you
spend the night we post me a lot of food
we eat a lot then we don't have sex but
maybe we drive home and then like a week
later we've had sex with the lights off
and then a week after that maybe maybe I
turned one candle on or something so you
can maybe see one of my nipples and
that's it no I fucking Claus turn me on
I was on tinder and I saw somebody with
like one arm and I was like bitch I'm a
bust like I love it of course and they
didn't even like me I know I had a
motherfucker I think every told us I had
a motherfucker with a poop bag which by
the way it turned me on so much I'm like
this motherfucker has a poop bag like
they have struggles they have struggled
and then they and then literally I'm at
with them and then I wrote them and they
wrote my backside sorry you're just not
my type oh my I was in love with your
poop bag Thanks
well thanks for joining my loot bag
let's get together and have sex on
camera next time all right thanks for
being a part of my life okay love you
man cleared he said I love you it's real
it's fucking real she's so sweet I
really like her she's an interesting
case because I feel like a lot of people
misjudge her like she's one of those I'm
getting real ha ha she's all those
youtubers where I feel like people think
I don't know how to explain this without
getting in trouble but I feel very
similar a lot of people in the YouTube
community don't like me and they judge
me and they think I'm crazy or weird or
they think I'm an asshole or I have like
a bad reputation or something which is
weird but then when you get to know me
or like Oh change really really sweet
nice and like actually hates himself
that's how Gabi is okay just like Earth
okay moving on to candy videos too long
watching me out then I have that candy
corn Hershey's
I have um some peanut butter stickers I
have Twix bars I have paydays you're
gonna send love those bitch why did the
gods during the party like the dolls
will not invite us in the mukbang and
like I'm not you're worried you know I
think I'm just gonna have a fuckin
recess the amount of candy and this
thing is insane this little man is dead
and he's drowning bitch in sugar got a
reason and it's a pumpkin uh alright so
while I'm eating dessert let's do one
more topic they're fun right I like it
do that like this you probably hate it
okay somebody says what is your favorite
part of your body okay I should do I
should answer this because I feel like I
make fun of myself a lot so I should
like do something positive I like my
chest I feel like my chest
I used to be embarrassed of it cuz when
I was fat I had boobs and then when I
lost on my way I had extra skin so it
was like too like a pancake which looked
delicious try to eat them didn't work
out and then now like I've been working
out stuff so my chest is getting kind of
big which you know you guys probably
remember a little while back I had like
an Instagram thing because I post a
picture and then bunch people are like
yeah boobs and they made me really sad
cuz I'm like no with muscles that nobody
believed me but now I've embraced it I
like my chest I like that it's big I
like that it says Britney on it I'm such
a man right no but I like my chest I
like that it's hairy and that it's like
hard and I finally like it I used to
hate it so I like the chest what do I
hate most where do I start
mmm I really don't like my legs my legs
are like they've always been big even
when I've been my skinniest my legs have
just been big and I've worked out really
really hard and like it doesn't do
anything so I need to just accept them
and it's really hard so that's probably
well that wasn't even a question but I
answered it so my legs anyways I think
that's it guys we ate dessert we ate
lunch
we talked to Gabi about having sex I
feel like this move bang has been a
success it's kind of fun I kind of liked
it I kind of want to do it again let me
know in the comments
you want me doing if you really want me
to do it again and give me a thumbs up
so I know also what other food should I
eat during my new bangs and should I
have a guest with me should I have like
Mook bang with a friend should I fucking
eat my feelings with other sad people
let me know alright you guys I'm gonna
go hopefully you enjoyed just hanging
out eating with me send me pictures if
you did like eat with me take a picture
of you eating and watching me now it
could be fun make sure to subscribe to
our channel write down below because I
make new videos every single day and
I'll see you there Luke bangers tomorrow
okay so this perfume um Wow says it's
extremely flammable
which means I'll be using it a light tap
video soon also I have no idea what the
smell is going to be like what is
Ariana's smell like I feel like it'll
smell like beef because I feel like she
always has them
