tended to be guys yes I smell like
actual shit all the time
wig no no what are you doing no no no no
well that was crazy timing as I was
talking about how much I smell like shit
my dog took the biggest shit and made me
clean it up with my bare hands in you
cuz he gave added to the favorite cuz he
used it all uh you're the worst so yes
today I'm going to be trying different
celebrity perfumes and seeing which ones
smell the most like my dog's leaking ass
let's get started okay so I went to this
really creepy perfume shop which by the
way I feel like if you own a perfume
shop get help but also you should be a
good smelling person the man who ran
this shop literally was like my dog shit
went to human form
I like created like a shit robot that
every time I opened his mouth shit came
out anyways he was great a lot of help
and he told me the most popular perfumes
they had and by popular I mean her fame
she literally could not sell and he
forced me to buy so he could get rid of
them so let's do a haul so first we're
gonna start with something good which I
think should smell pretty nice this is
re I I am a cup the fuck was that
ooh no okay I know - fart stretching
he's real cute he's so cute you should
come daughter fuck it I don't care I'm
kidding I'm not gonna kill my dog on
camera I'm gonna wait till I turn it off
okay
yes this is Ariana's rubbish ah oh no
why can't you see daddy's working I know
daddy has a weird job some might call it
embarrassing some might say get a real
job and I'd say let's smell some
perfumes okay so this perfume um Wow
says it's extremely flammable
which means I'll be using it a lot of
hack video soon also I have no idea what
the smell is going to be like what is
Ariana's smell like I feel like it'll
smell like beef because I feel like she
always has them
speaking of beef Queen Latifah no I love
Queen Latifah she's my fucking queen I
wanted to be her when I was little very
confusing her perfume is called Queen of
Hearts and it is also very flammable I
love that all of these are flammable I'm
gonna blow up my house I blowed my
with it I'm getting kind of alright now
this one is very confusing to me because
I don't know who would want to smell
like this bitch
but we have Fiona from Shrek how the
fuck does Fiona from Shrek have her own
fragrance and I don't have shit where's
my fragrance where's my clothing line
actually that would literally be just
one shirt
and you have to wear it every day but no
seriously who the fuck does smell like a
swamp bitch crazy a girl like this is
what I feel like I look like why do I
want to smell like it like I want to do
everything I can to not be this bitch I
am this bitch though and I can't change
it then we have Kim Kardashian that's it
she didn't even give it a name also her
logo looks like three K's and Kim I'm
gonna give you a hint from a branding
perspective you might not want your
perfume be called KKK just throw it out
there one of the fucks is icarly have a
sin wait what oh my god by the way on
the side it says caution flammable until
dry avoid spraying in eyes
warning this is a glass bottle it's not
a toy like what are they expecting
oh thanks mommy for me icarly spray hold
that look at that a lighter okay here we
go
like who is stupid enough to light
something on fire nice amiable ma RI oh
my god you're should I hire fuck and
last but not least we have Paris Hilton
and it comes with a watch Paris you know
what time it is not 2001 okay so here's
what we're gonna do I hope you blindfold
myself with this tie and then I'm going
to smell all the perfumes now I'm going
to use an oven mitt because I don't want
to know like what the bottle is you know
I'm saying because I can I feel to shape
the bottle like I'm gonna no that's
Queen Latifah I want to be surprised
okay so first I need to take all of them
out of the boxes and blindfold myself
also my dogs stop barking and I have no
idea where he is so he might be dead so
things are going great all right so here
we go I'm going to blindfold myself that
smells and perfumes oh my god what was
that
hello can you imagine
serial killer or bank robber walked in
here and I'm blindfolded and I have
scissors next to me a bunch of perfumes
they be like you know what we're going
to go we don't want to fuck with this
here we go
first perfume okay here's the bottle we
I don't know which way the sprayer is oh
fuck okay you know what that I did only
the bed oh I feel it slowly killing me
more okay besides the fact that it's
actually poisoning my body it kind of
smells like it smells like Walmart like
a Walmart bathroom mixed with like I got
it
it smells like if your mom took a shit
that makes sense
like when moms take shits like obviously
they shit just like we do but their shit
smell a little bit more like frustrated
and covered in like some awful like
flowery air freshener because they're
like afraid that daddy's gonna walk in
and smell the poop and not want to fuck
them or maybe that was just my house so
it kind of smells like mom shit covered
an air freshener inside of a Walmart
bathroom because daddy works at Walmart
oh wait I didn't guess slippery fuck um
Pyrrhus icarly
that makes sense next scent whoo this
one's big okay here's the bottle where's
the sprayer shit there's a cow what the
fuck is that oh my god what is that what
is that is that I've heard of an animal
oh my god is that a rabbit bowl the fuck
is that is that lucky a rabbit falls
lucky your dogs balls lucky oh no oh no
oh this ain't gonna hurt come on baby
again luck okay let's try this
oh oh oh no what that's not like a
dessert section at the sizzler pop a bar
but not like the good desserts we're
checking like cherry pie filling with
like some gross crumbled up fucking
cookies on top and they're like no it's
cherry pie no bitch truck
nasty-ass cherry pie filling with some
nasty-ass old cookies crumbled up on top
plainly sizzler I play harder than you
bitch I know more than you bitch sorry
means is like how to falling out or fine
we're beefing but we're fine oh no this
smells awful I hate it it smells like a
really gross frozen yogurt shop like in
it yo girl and it ain't even Pinkberry
it's like chillers I don't know I just
made that up but you know what I mean
it's like one of those frozen uber shops
of like some random man owns he's like I
wanted to make a yogurt shop so I just
tore down this old dry cleaning place
and just put yogurt in it like one of
those places like they don't even have
toppings the guys like the yogurts just
good on its own fuck you yogurt needs a
topping just like I mean love community
fun
oh it's Ariana I guess it kind of makes
sense I mean Ariana does kind of remind
me like candy sugar and sweet but she
also is kind of a bitch so I feel like
there should be like a hint of like
jennette mccurdy blood I don't know just
like something slightly demonic next
scent
hey-oh Sun is a very pleasurable I have
to keep this bottle for like wait did I
just break it how do I open it oh that
sounds broken I broke it I definitely
broke this okay well let's smell it
anyways whoo oh my god this one smells
good okay this one is giving me like
flower nodes it's also giving me like
serial killer notes it's giving me like
landsem notes it's giving me like give
me $100,000 or else I'll chop off your
little girl's fingers one by one notes
I'm fucking loving it what is this it's
sweet its sour its spicy it also is
confusing and conflicting it's kind of
like the mirrors in the target dressing
rooms don't get me started they are
lying to you public target dressing room
ears are skinny mirrors you saw them on
shark tank you know what I'm talking
about you look at them and you're like
oh my god I'm looking snacks bitch yes
bitch one spot Queen give me all these
target clothes and then you go home and
you try them on and look in your mirror
and you're like who the fuck is she what
fucking nasty gross soccer mom ate my
body and then ate a thousand
goes afterwards and created this big
beast and then you realize bitch that's
you so I'm in a gasps Queen Latifah
Queen Fiona bitch it makes so much sense
like you wouldn't think that she'd smell
good you think she smelled like an
actual gross big lumpy turd but then
when you sniff her she confuses you and
you don't really know what the smell is
fucking me I relate to this sin also I
love that a kid would want to smell like
a beast gives me hope for my purview
line
no wonder shrek wants to fuck this bitch
I get it do you think the darky hold up
it's gonna get gross stay with me you
think the donkey ever joins cuz like
okay you know when you were a kid and
your parents had like that friend and it
was like a random Cuban guy who lived
down the street like never really knew
his name he'd always be over for dinner
and then he'd stayed too long then he'd
be there the next morning and you'd be
like getting your cereal you'd be like
Consuelo why are you still here I need
to be like so it how it happened and you
didn't know Spanish but if you did the
subtitle to say I fucked your mom's
pussy last night while daddy watched
where was I going with that whatever I
would have fucked this beast alright
next night okay oh this one's another
cylinder okay let's just give this a
spray sing forever spray oh oh this one
smells old
it smells expired this one should not be
sold anymore visit oh okay I know I joke
about death too much honestly like with
an every joke is a hint of truth but
this really does smell like a funeral
hall like if you've ever been to a
funeral home just like looking around
you know just like checking out the
Cascades wondering like what you're
gonna look like inside of it and then
you take a big whiff of the air around
you that's what it's not like it smells
like death it smells old it smells like
it needs to be put under ground bitch
like it's time burn her cremate the
bitch that's what it smells like so I'm
gonna say oh I feel bad haha I don't
want to say cuz I love her No
unless I pass yep that's me oh I'm sorry
bitch Oh Paris listen first of all I
know you don't smell like this Paris
you're a billionaire you smell a lot
better than this I think what you're
trying to do is make everybody the world
smell like shit because you don't want
to compete with them you're literally
that mean girl in school who's like oh
my god Tracy that super tight
ill-fitting sweatshirt is like killing
it like yes I can see your back fat and
like yes your roles are like fucking
everywhere but that's a police one and
then I wear that sweatshirt and guess
what happens Paris a motherfucker hits
me with his truck because he thinks I'm
a cow crossing the street and he doesn't
even stop he keeps going by the way side
note if you are ever like in a car
you're about to hit a cow or a deer or
animal supposedly you're supposed to
speed up because if you slow down you
might crash if you speed up you'll hit
the animal it will fly away and you'll
supposedly not die which I'm sure is why
that super cool guy in high school hit
me with this truck sure it wasn't the
fact that my sweatshirt was making me
look like a cow yeah no totally it
lessens bad you look really great thanks
Paris and thanks for telling me to wear
those jeggings cuz like I didn't know
that jeggings were in and that you
should wear them if you're over 350
pounds but because you told me that I'm
lucky wearing them to school tomorrow
and I'm excited yeah that's gonna be
great I can't wait for that pig to get
slaughtered
you're the best friend ever I know well
we have one left and that's Queen
Latifah so let's just give her a smell
okay so the bottle is Q this little
heart love that okay let's not okay I'm
be honest this sounds like a fat joke
and it's not because I used to be fat
and someone even say I still have but
this smells like pie like it smells like
pie it smells like gravity that was in
the factory and they're like so clean
what kind of notes would you like take
us through your favorite sentence and
she was like well I like pie um I like
pastries um I love a good cookie um did
I say pie
I love pie right but Queen what about
like something more floral or like
classy right um I'm gonna have to go
with pie uh maybe a pecan pie preferably
a pumpkin pie maybe a pie with extra
filling maybe some kind of boysenberry
pie no that's too fruity give me a
chocolate pie or a butterscotch pie just
pie right okay Queen um love that idea
love pie thing you're doing what about
something different like maybe diamonds
or sparkles or something not edible okay
okay I see what you're saying I see what
you're saying the money let me think Oh
some type of tart or some kind of
parfait or maybe some type of trifle I
mean those are just other fancy words
for pie I know and then I made this I
love it I'm gonna use this Oh bother my
eye oh my god I smell a fucking Denny's
at 2:00 a.m. when all the hi people come
in and they're like huge killing pie and
then Queen Latifah bust through the door
goes someone say quack oh what a dream
Friday night oh fuck I just realized I
didn't smell Kim but let's give her a
smell because she deserves it this is
very hard to open up I like him he's got
a snack back oh that's my kid
give her a sniff it smells like money oh
no oh God oh this is bad oh oh that's
not like Dollar Tree I love Dollar Tree
I'm just saying like that's what it
smells like you put on your hoodie you
put on your sunglasses you don't want
nobody to see you up in that bitch
buying you groceries and then you smell
that aroma of like bleach cuz they're
like clean in the aisles cause like
people are peeing everywhere hobos took
a shit in the middle of the store and
they're trying to clean it up that's
what this smells like this smells like
something you clean up hobo shit with I
should keep it ah this is very bad
they're very smart businesswoman but
this was a bad idea so Chris get on that
bye guys go that was me trying a bunch
of celebrity perfumes I'm going to give
all of them ten out of ten
and if you liked this video please give
me a thumbs up because I deserve it I
mean I cleaned up dog shit eight times
during the filming of this video so come
on give me a thumb also a dog just ran
into the door horror you okay oh no he's
dead
it's okay I'll cover up the smell with
some pie also make sure to subscribe to
my channel right down below because I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to see the other videos of me
trying other celebrity perfumes I didn't
know like a year ago I'll put a link to
those videos right the top of the
scription below now say you little
perfumes tomorrow hi I mean people have
been trying to find ghosts for years
there has been ghost hunting TV shows
psychics have tried to talk to dead
people and channel their spirits movies
like the conjuring one and to say that
they're based on a true story and that
these ghosts were real you really don't
know what to believe so if you're like
me you just believe it all
