hey what's up you guys yes today we're
gonna be talking about some of the
scariest ghost moments caught on tape
now there is nothing I love more than a
good scary ghost video
well maybe an exorcism video but we're
gonna show some of those today too
another thing that's really scary about
these videos is you don't actually know
if they're real or not because there's
no scientific proof that goes to really
exists
I mean people have been trying to find
ghosts for years there's been ghost
hunting TV shows psychics have tried to
talk to dead people and channel their
spirits movies like the conjuring one
and to say that they're based on a true
story and that these ghosts were real
you really don't know what to believe so
if you're like me you just believe it
all so here are just a few of my
favorite ghost videos here we go okay so
in this home video you see these two
girls hanging out in their living room
then in the corner of the doorway you
see what looks to be a ghost girl
peeking through now she's super high up
almost as if she's floating and then
some crazy a shit happens just watch hey
you sure I don't think I see something
hey no I bet points funny tonight okay
see what I say oh my god but I say oh no
listen I know that one is probably fake
or there's probably no proof that it is
real when that girl jumped down in that
doorway fuck no move granted my house is
haunted - and I still haven't moved
so anyways okay so this next video was
caught on surveillance cameras at an
office building and somebody is watching
and recording it with their iPhone and
you can hear a bunch of people standing
around watching - because of that this
one feels very real to me I definitely
don't think this one is fake so in this
video you see a man working
office all alone at night when some
things around the office start to move
and then it gets fucked
okay so the chair moved on its own which
is creepy enough and then it gets
creepier ya window into tension women
women okay okay that is move you're
shitting okay listen that one that feels
very real to me I used to work in office
and I would stay really late at night
sometimes to get paper work done and I
would hear things in other rooms I would
hear creaking out here walking around I
swear that there was somebody else there
may be a janitor maybe a custodian
I was just me so I feel like an office
building would be a place that it goes
to a linker I mean maybe it's the ghost
of somebody that used to work there that
can fired and killed himself I don't
know thrown it out there okay so this
next clip is very intense so as you guys
know when a ghost haunts a house
sometimes they call it a poltergeist
now poltergeist is bigger than a ghost
it's almost like a demon it's an entity
it's something that really wants you to
get the fuck out probably what I have in
my house now this man had been
experiencing a poltergeist in his house
so he set up a camera to record the
footage while he was gone and what he
found was fucking terrifying
check it out soon like the 19th of July
I know
fucking scariest fuck now obviously that
one is probably fake because if that was
real it would be on the news and a lot
more people would be talking about it I
don't know it still fucking scares me I
mean as you guys know in my house I had
a ghost that would open up cabinets and
drawers and you know mess around my
fridge okay that might have been me in
the middle tonight but the cabinet's was
definitely a ghost so I good be real so
if there's anything I love just as much
as ghost videos there's exorcism videos
now is it they are dark
they are fucked up and they are very
real now an exorcism is basically when
somebody is possessed by a demon and
they need a priest to come and help them
get the demon out now this isn't just
stuff they show in movies this is real
life there are professional exorcists
that have been deemed by the Catholic
Church that is very very real there's
been tons of stories about people who
have been possessed by demons throughout
history you know a lot of people
probably don't believe it but I
definitely do now in this video a girl
who was possessed by a demon as a priest
come over and try to get it out of her
she's being held down by her teen
parents and similar shit she is saying
it's just so disturbing and I'm warning
you it is very intense and if you were
squeamish or creeped out by demonic
possession you should a fella by loving
father they feel better
I know very very uncomfortable to watch
there's something very almost panic
attack inducing when you're watching one
of those videos because you really don't
know where it's going to go the thought
of the demon possessing somebody's body
and making them do things that they
can't control is my actual nightmare but
the one I want to show you guys later in
the video is even more fucked up and it
involves blood but I'm gonna save that
for the end of the video because a lot
of you guys are going to want to click
off okay so this next video kind of
involves demons and also ghosts
now sometimes dead people or demons can
possess more than just a person they can
possess an object so I'm sure you guys
remember the movie Annabelle that came
out a few years ago supposedly it's
based on a true story of a demon that
put its spirit into a doll now listen
dolls to me are scary enough as it is
they're like little porcelain people you
swear that you can see the eyes moving
and you swear that when you leave the
room they move their heads well this
next video shows that happening right in
front of our eyes
and it is so scary I'm warning you it's
very scary
check it out sorry
imagine me a few more thought I'm gonna
get the machine ah ah
that to me is scarier than any demon or
possession for poltergeist see those
little dolls move on their own medicine
maybe these are fake I don't think they
are those little girls in those videos
looked genuinely terrified I mean I
didn't even think about it
sorry first making sure the dears not
moving if you're gonna move can you
please wait until I leave the room like
a toy storage situation cats okay so
this next video is another home video
and it was taken in the middle of the
worst now there's a Russian man he has a
camera and he's walking his dog the dog
runs off into the forest and then the
man sees something really crazy in front
now supposedly this happened in Russia a
man was walking his dog the dog ran off
and then he saw something that he did
not believe he saw a girl levitating and
a woman standing on the ground watching
her and the man was filming the whole
thing
here come here come here Tarzan come
here go video Tarzan Tarzan he's gonna
come here doesn't come here
Oh that'll interview is extra scary
because number one the woods or the
forest or anywhere where there is not
civilization scares me anyways but
levitation and flying and witchcraft is
something that I do believe in but I've
never seen it happen in real life I mean
we've all played the games we were kids
you know light as a feather stiff as a
board where you think you're making
somebody levitate but you're probably
not even if that video was fake just
seeing that girl floating like that so
realistically really fucked me up so
this next ghost video that I'm going to
show you is probably one of the most
famous ghost videos there is and a lot
of people do think it's fake and a lot
of people think it's real people get
very upset and debate about whether or
not it is I personally have no idea but
it is very very interesting to me and
very fucked up so basically in this
video you're going to see a guy on his
bike drive right into a car fly off and
die then supposedly you can see his
ghost standing above his body while the
ambulances come check it out
I know that one is very very sad and
there's just something about that one
that makes me extra uncomfortable now I
don't know if I think it's real or not
obviously that could have very easily
been just special effects but that is
probably what happens I mean you
probably die and I your spirit probably
leaves your body I have seen people die
in real life I've shown you as people
dying real life in videos the second
they die they're gone like their spirit
is gone so where would it go maybe it
would just March all people started
cleaning up the mess who is rituals okay
so this last video I'm going to show you
is very very disturbing and graphic and
if you are squeamish to blood you should
definitely click so in this video you
see a girl that was getting an exorcism
and it causes a very violent reaction
inside of her you can see blood is
spewing out of her mouth basically the
demon does not want to leave and it is
clawing its way to stay inside mama yeah
now listen I don't know how you could
say that is fake that is very very real
that was real blood that was a real
person I don't know why they would make
that if it is fake but either way it is
one of the scariest things I think I've
ever seen
so there guys go hopefully you enjoyed
watching all of those scary moments let
me know down the comments if you you
think they're real let me know which
ones you think were real and which ones
you think think I'll see this video a
thumbs up if you want me to keep doing
more creepy videos and subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every day
and if you want to see more of my creepy
videos where I talk about death or
ghosts or conspiracy theories I'll put a
link to a playlist or at the top of
description below all right you little
ghosts I will see you tomorrow
bye okay so first I'm going to take a
scoop of this we're just going to scoop
it into this gross sad plastic cup then
we're going to take one of these red
lines which by the way nobody wants stop
Mikey men literally stopped making these
me when I read the comments on my poppin
cookin videos
