can I say something it's the first show
I've ever done where somebody opens up
with Holly
I just took it The Tonight Show took it
Hanabi guys yes today I'm gonna be
trying more double life hacks and I
fucking need them so bad right now my
life has been a mess I'm tired I'm not
sleeping my dog is keeping me up at all
hours of the night the ghost in my house
has been moving things around a bit
telling me to do my toilet have been
clogged and my plunger doesn't work
anymore maybe I should just move now
that makes too much sense let's use
light axe
okay so today I have some very stupid
ones I know I've done stupid ones in the
past these ones are so fucking stupid
that I might actually burn my house down
which would be good because it may be
the poltergeist it lives inside of it
would fucking die okay number one okay
so every time we do one of these videos
I try to see a new thing that's
flammable we've done toys we've done
food but we've never quite done it like
this before because I have a new job
which means something new to try to burn
we're gonna see a dog shits flammable oh
my god I've never looked at dog shit
this close that's crazy
my hairs are in there he's eating my
fucking hair and then as you can see
there's little pebbles in there because
he poops on pebbles and I'm not gonna
fucking touch this so we're just gonna
see those pebbles can light up - all
right here we go okay doesn't that shit
look tasty time to light it up
okay this fucking works that's gonna be
insane now I'm gonna even clean up the
poop anymore I'll just light that shit
on fire one two three oh my god with the
flame is getting bigger is it working oh
my god I think it's fucking working I
know it's exciting you're shit on fire
oh shut up oona can't you see the dead
how about fire okay everything bus back
is out
oh god oh god okay oh god okay and
that's my life okay so the next hack
involves something I really need right
now which is alcohol oh I just want to
be drunk all the time nobody tells you
how much work a dog is they tell you how
much work a baby is but a baby doesn't
shit on your pillow and if it did that's
a talented baby okay so we're going to
take a cup and a bag of M&M bitch I'm
already ready and you just dump the M&Ms
in the cup that's it
that's a serving M&Ms hi have you met me
that's not even a swallow I don't go by
like measurement like half a cup half a
tablespoon no I go by a chew a swallow
or gulp a bitch fuck me up and this is
barely even at you but it's fine we're
still going to use them now we're going
to take the vodka and we're going to
pour it in here whoo there and now we
have to wait for the vodka to soak into
those mmm and then supposedly the vodka
will taste like M&Ms and it'll make me
forget no still barking relative okay so
while these sit over here through the
rest of the video we're going to try
them later we're going to move on to our
next hack which is making a foot scrub
out of Red Vines and that's silly or
just do what I do and ignore your feet
but kind of like they don't even exist
and then when you want to break up with
someone it's not working out well you
don't have to go through that annoying
it wasn't you it was me fake you just
take off your sock oh they'll see that
foot and they'll run away
pun intended my life sucks let's make a
foot scrub okay so first I'm going to
take a scoop of this we're just going to
scoop it into this gross sad plastic cup
then we're going to take one of these
red lines which by the way nobody wants
stop making them literally stopped
making these me when I read the comments
on my poppin
cooking videos alright so we're just
going to chew it up and that mix it
together and make a scrub do you think
this is what it's like to work at lush
like now on the back of all the lush
bottles it says like this is made by
Tiffany do they Tiffany is like some sad
bitch in her kitchen
mixing items into a plastic Halloween
cup while the smell of her dog shit that
she's lit on fire is literally burning
her nose no Tiffany is probably in a
much better place like a dirty gross
sweaty factory full of people who want
to die sounds better miss let's scrub
okay so here is the scrub literally just
looks like a cat ate a bunch of red
vines and threw that shit up which
honestly is kind of what all lush
products look like so why not
okay so ready take out my foot oh oh my
god what is that
fuck shit I can't get away from the dog
shit is following me okay
now let's see if I can get some of that
dog shit off my feet okay so you see
that right there
that's called being 28 years old when I
was a kid I didn't have that now I am a
what looks like actual fucking rocks on
the side of my feet that's great on my
wood floor like when I walk around it
sounds like there's a deer in my house
scraping its antlers on the walls no
bitch that's the corns okay so let's
just see if I can scrub off that gross
fucking corn with some licorice and
that's the lead okay is it working oh I
think I just broke my fork
do you hear that oh that's doing going
everywhere listen to that oh that's my
corn bitch whoa try to get it off come
on babe my bed my bed let's do this
I broke the fork that's when you know
it's good okay so now let's clean the
Vaseline off of my corn what is my chill
I'm the oldest grossest makeup guru
there is okay now let's just clean that
Vaseline off my corn okay make sure to
subscribe okay let's see how it looks
nope still fucking disgusting throw my
ah can you imagine if there's like an
old guru who can do like denture Halles
that'll be everything hi everyone it's
me Gladys and today I won't be doing a
dangerous haul number one there's a rock
paper dancers I got them 48 years ago
now these ones are pretty old but not as
old as these ones I know what you're
thinking
Gladys that just dogshit that somebody
stupidly lit on fire and threw in their
trash can now it's my dentures sometimes
I eat dog poop I'm into some fucked up
shit
speaking of poop I had to do a poop
sample for my doctor cuz he thinks I'm
internally bleeding so let's go do a
morning routine Oh rapmon ziplock baggie
and spork
y'all canal I love Gladys someone give
that bitch a channel okay so this next
hack is actually really exciting this is
where you take a Pringles can you cut it
in half and you turn into a slingshot I
know what you're thinking Shane what are
you gonna do the Pringles can is full I
got a hat for you it's called being on a
diet
having no fucks to give mmm oh by the
way when I pour that entire pan of chips
into my mouth I heard much of meet me
meet me flying through the screen yes
bitch I am you okay so what we're gonna
do is were take the empty can and we're
going to cut it right out of his head
okay come on
Oh OOP I'm seeing the nutritional facts
run ignore those
let's cut real fast by the way I cannot
believe that restaurants now force you
but look at the nutritional facts like
if I'm gonna go to Denny's I'm already
obviously depressed enough you're gonna
make me look at how many calories I'm
eating you might as well also show me a
picture of a toilet filled with my
diarrhea like I know what I'm getting
into Denny's I don't need like visual
proof ooh this is cute it's like a cuff
link
haha what you just want to show the
bitches how fat you really are girl
where did you get that cuff link oh I
don't know you don't want to know it's
very sad okay let's make a slingshot
shall we take this and we take a balloon
this is very small our balloon
leave this fucking small this is not
gonna work what the fuck is this I
thought these were balloons are these
water balloons
this hack isn't going to work what
you're supposed to take the balloon
stretch it and put it around this that's
never gonna happen
all right well cufflink hack no let me
search my kitchen let me find something
that's similar to a balloon okay so I
found a piece of a trash bag looks
serious and we are just going to wrap
that around the back and pull it really
tight okay and now you take a rubber
band tie it around the can and this
should make a slingshot you should be
able to pull this back and gopath the
fuck sound with that my body when it
ends in my pants huh okay so which we
put inside this wing shot good thing I
have a bucket of candy behind me right
guys I never get into these you guys
never send me screen caps of this bucket
never video showing me just how much
Candy's got every week No okay so I'm
gonna drop that in there and now we're
just going to pull back and shoot we did
it um it doesn't work kind of it
actually no fuck it nope didn't work
whoo but you did make a little scary
ghost in a costume you can go as a fat
fat Shane Dawson Halloween egg okay you
guys know how much I love cooking food
in mugs we have cooked pizza in a mug we
have cooked a cake in a mug bitch he
said with wrong time okay so I saw this
recipe online and basically all these
said is you just put a cinnamon roll
in a mug put in the microwave and it's
done so I'm fucking ready everyone I
told you this down my body made with my
pants unzipped let's make it again
they're like is and that's on a good day
okay so I have this elephant mug because
I clean and we're just going to put one
of these inside of it oh my god oh fuck
this looks good oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck
oh wait what is this oh my god it comes
with a container of icing oh alright so
here is the roll oh my god oh my god oh
fuck oh my god this makes everything
worth it this makes the dog poop on fire
worth it this makes my actual dog
pooping on my face worth it
this is fucking everything we're going
that in there oh we are going to put
that microwave
and when I come back bitch I'm gonna
give you a tree oh my god oh my god oh
fuck
guys oh the smell is killing me it's so
good okay hold on I got a drizzle on
some icing finishing touches oh my god
you guys ready for this fall bitch oh my
god oh my god oh I hear all the means
again oh my god okay oh fuck oh my god
Oh
oh my god I know they say food does not
cure problems it doesn't make you happy
nothing tastes as good as being thin
feels made you never put a cinnamon roll
in a damn elephant love bitch this so go
there's fucking me up this is making my
life this is reminding me why I'm on
this planet to help the world fuck now
to create children now to make a
cinnamon roll in a mug
I just watched that bitch slither the
fuck out of there oh that's my purpose
oh my god do that do that do that now
why would anybody use an oven when you
think literally using microwaving about
radiation cancerous waves coming from
the microwave every time you turn it on
risk of cancer and/or tumor now worth it
ooh you know what we should have a drink
to go with our meal let's see how our
eminent Bach is doing oh my god um what
I guess it's kind of pretty
what happened let's mix it all together
oh great now it just made a nice Brown
all right let's take a sip of this maybe
it will make me forget about all the
crazy things I did today
no still remember at all I'm trash oh
this is fucking good it might not have
gotten rid of my memories but bitch it
got rid of my body goals and my dieting
plan because I'm only gonna drink this
while I'm eating this oh my god Heather
Pat when you want to start your day
fucking drunk you just like don't want
to deal with the world they just want to
eat 5,000 calories from a mug and you
want to get some blackout wasted that
people are like where did Shane go we
should look for him
we really should but we should probably
look at a pumpkin spice lattes first
yeah totally
okay and then we can go ice-skating at a
vigil for the view I drink at the mall
ah ball vibes yeah they're never finding
me okay I'm gonna do this again because
I just have to keep trying this I know
that none of these are gonna work but
every time I look at the comments for
these life hack videos you guys give me
another stupid one I'm gonna fucking
keep trying
today we're gonna draw the charge my
phone with a piece of pizza uh yeah
this is stupid not gonna work dumbest
thing I've ever heard in my life
let's charge it up oh fuck whoo this
pizzas not gonna make it to this video
oh okay so the charger is in now let's
just put this in and let's see if it
works no oh no now what am I gonna do
with this delicious piece of pizza I
feel like at some point this has to work
right like obviously not pizza but there
might be some miracle food or something
in the world that like creates energy
and like I want to be the one to figure
it out like I'm gonna keep plugging this
USB and do every stupid piece of food to
try to figure out where electricity
comes from because I want to be in the
history books bitch I mean they better
put me in the history books for figuring
out how to cook all these foods in mugs
but like if that doesn't work out I want
to be like a food charger guy all right
we have one last hack that we're gonna
try and this one does involve my dog and
supposedly if your dog runs away from
you which happens often it will come
back to you if you lay on the floor and
pretend to be injured so let's see how
much my dog loves me okay here we go
hello
Oh so injured I can't feel my way I
think I'm dying
I have peanut butter I'm covered in
pizza and Pringles but if you come now
I'll let you live with another owner oh
oh you so excited leave me aren't you
how sad
oh you're trying to take a shit on my
neck he saved me let's go hopefully
enjoyed all these stupid fucking life
hacks if you want more please give me a
thumbs up and subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos recently and if you want to see
all my other dumb fucking life hack
videos I'll put a link to a playlist at
the top of the description below and let
me know in the comments if there's any
other food I should try to charge my
phone into because I'm gonna keep doing
it mainly because I get to eat the food
after the video is over I think I'll see
you a little live hackers tomorrow
hi oh oh oh this looks just like that
video oh those two girls were popping
that pimple on their daddy's back and
they were like it looks like braids
oh oh now I have to eat it okay
