guys oh fuck I just did a podcast with
Jamie Kennedy haha I freaked out
he's from all my favorite movies this
fucking weird it was exciting we talked
about dicks and shit and movies and
scream and it was the best day of my
life okay
yeah it's go in the toilet again let's
go look at each other tick sound on
accounts on jr. brunch to go by hey
what's up you guys
yes today I'm going to be eating a
military food I want to start this video
off by saying I do not want to be
disrespectful
I completely a hundred percent I'm so
grateful for what the military does I
don't want this to look like I'm making
fun of them I honestly just want to live
my dream of being cadet Kelly and that's
pretty much it and if you don't know
what cadet Kelly is a bitchy treatment
oh my god bitch you trippin why is that
not a thing like fuck shook like bitchy
trippin we make that a thing the means
to be like people falling down it's like
did you drive it and then during the
rainy seasons you can do bitch you
slippin oh my god during the Olympics
did you flip it okay
let's see okay so these meals come in
these bags these are called MREs meal
ready to eat oh my god there's like a
seal of like approval from the United
States of America there's a picture of
these two warriors eating this bag and
it says this is a water fire recommended
little did they know some trash youtuber
was gonna eat it on camera you're
welcome America okay let's see peelable
seal yeah I can't figure it out being in
the military is fucking hard I cannot
open this bag okay I really cannot do
this can you imagine though if I take
you into the military and they like
Hannah me a gun and I was like thanks I
don't hand me a meal and I'm like I like
can't figure this out this gun looks
pretty it'd be bad alright it's gonna do
some cheap
oh I got it Oh medica oh yeah oh wow umm
okay just pretend like it's Lean Cuisine
oh I know where to start this is a
chocolate banana nut muffins
Haley a bitch whoever this is look good
the crumbling apart Boop okay it's
completely crumbled ow but America okay
let's try
I just want to say oh that muffin top
has really opened up my mind like I see
all the shit the military does I've seen
all the war movies I have my freedoms
but like that just gave me a new respect
for them not like losing your best
friend in battle or like having to take
orders possibly from Donald Trump having
to eat that fucking dry fake-ass
bullshit hostess wannabe bitch
motherfucker that's what gives me
respect like dear president can we throw
them a little Debbie you know I mean a
Twinkie Twinkies by the way can survive
like a nuclear bomb new killer new
killer new killer new cooler now he fuck
new Euler oh shit yeah I'll shut up a
key baby okay here is the main dish this
is pork sausage and gravy
what okay I have a plate here so weird
once you dump it out on this also yes
I know I literally look awful it's
because it's 6:00 a.m. and I just woke
up I want to wake up early guys I wanted
to be like I'm the bunny military-like
remember the senior cadet Kelly when she
gets woken up by like all those horns
yeah my life is just like that except I
got woken up by my dog taking an actual
shit on my cheek so let's see all right
let's open up this weird bag we got oh
how did that oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh fuck
Oh dr. pimple popper who okay oh oh oh
this looks just like that video oh those
two girls were popping that pimple on
their daddy's back and they were like it
looks like brain oh oh now I have to eat
it okay here we go
military planes flying into the big cave
I don't know anything about military no
I'm gonna swallow it
I'm gonna go for a trip I'm gonna go for
a milk a ha ha I'll fuck out move to
Canada oh man
haha I'm not overreacting I'm not doing
this for jokes
bitch I'm just slipping tripping flippin
and sue my ass will be driven because
this is fucking insane okay the way it
tastes is kind of like you know when
you're getting diarrhea which will be
soon and your mouth starts watering and
then you get like cottonmouth and then
you have like this cottony weird watery
mouth that kind of tastes like the food
you ate three days ago and then you're
like oh shit it's not diarrhea I gotta
throw up and then you start
uncontrollably throwing up and then
chunks from food that you digested
literally two weeks ago start coming up
and they taste like weird clumps of like
unflavored meat consistency I don't care
of your vegan bitch that shit still
comes up some fucking old bananas or
something and then it like gets stuck in
your teeth and you're like oh oh my god
oh dinner from eight weeks ago oh that's
what this is this tastes like old vomit
um this makes me sad I'm really sad this
makes me respect the military even more
thank you guys for all your service but
I'm gonna turn this away alright what's
next here we got a nice little chicken
dinner who I kind of love that comes
with all these little things it's like
Christmas Christmas if your gift was
wrapped up vomit oh okay this is
interesting these are baked snack
crackers which I'm assuming are like
potato chips so that should be good all
right
whoo they're cheese it oh I can fuck
with that okay I'll go to the military
this is better than the fucking pork and
gravy bullshit you know what president
remembers in charge of this just give
the military this just be like thank you
for serving our country here's a box of
cheez-its cuz you know what it's better
the fucking gravy vomit pimple popping
mess can you imagine if I was president
I'd be like thank you so much for
fighting so hard for our country no
longer will we be serving you nasty porn
biscuit gravy sausage in a bag full of
protein yes both carbohydrates that you
need to get you through the day yes but
tasty fuck no bitch I'm slipping from
now on I will be feeding all of my
troops Jesus and junkies
you get fat yes will you be a huge
target for the enemy mm-hmm but will you
be happy
probably not junk food actually makes
you more depressed SAP America okay
let's try this fucking chicken there's
no name on the bag I'm assuming this is
the chicken because I can seal her oh my
god oh fuck do I feel like I'm doing an
autopsy and I'm like can let me feel the
stomach
mmm-hmm yes ooh she Wendy's thanks links
you're dead okay let's open this up get
my place here's dinner oh my god I'm not
expecting that
oh my god I in a minute I can't
mmm Danny don't make me do it oh okay no
no I'm gonna do it oh wait let me just
drain off this water you know every good
chicken meal has a lot of water right Oh
bitch you drippin all right here we go
bottoms help oh I can't even explain it
it's like salty but chewy but dry put
wet like the driest wettest thing in the
world that she making you said
scientifically that's not even possible
Bishop figured it out oh this makes me
so sad oh wait they came with something
else what is this oh great mayonnaise
mmm just a bag of mayonnaise
I would rather just eat that shit up a
packet you know what let's get some
mayonnaise maybe if we put some
mayonnaise on it it'll make it taste
better okay here we go
all right oh and you know what I'm about
to fix of this meal put some cheese it
we're going to make some kind of a
chicken cheese it's salad and honestly
this might be good troops if you're
watching I'm sorry that this is what
you're fighting for but you should cook
this up okay ready
let's give this a try little cheese it
too man
and some questionable chicken oh I just
became a chicken how that happened oh I
don't know my own power my own strength
how did I do that I just made something
a thousand times worse my third book
okay we're moving on at this point I'm
moving to Jamaica like I need to get as
far away from this as like yeah okay
next meal by the way if you hear loud
barking it's because I put my dog in the
other room and close the door
because you kept going to come here and
lick up all this fucking food
so military chef that's your audience
all right I don't know about you but I
am feeling like a burger tonight
so this says beef patty jalapeno pepper
jack cheese okay so the burger is here
then we have the cheese here and we have
the bond here and a little ketchup here
so let's build this burger all right so
here's the buns what um okay so these
are pop-tarts basically this is fun it's
like yummy nummies um but for soldiers
cuz you know that's what they want okay
okay so that's the bond we're gonna give
them a chance now let's get the cheese
ready okay here we go ooh yeah okay
let's just flatten that cheese out on
that bun time for the main event
my dog is going crazy he hears this food
smashing out that package and he is like
fuck yeah don't worry baby I'll let you
eat your own diarrhea later okay here we
go
it's Burger town beach right oh here
comes up stripping come on oh okay there
it is
let's add some ketchup right oh hey now
we're talking welcome to Chili's your I
mean TGI Friday who in and out what no
it's all about this all right first bite
hmm how did my talk get out mr. really
wanted to buy Oh
oh my god oh it's like a flavor I've
never had before I don't know what to
call it look I had to give it a name I
call it
copyrighted um this is insane it's crazy
the meat tastes like silver I don't even
know what that means I feel like I'm in
like a gold rush like this tastes like
like material like not food like it is
that you can make a purse out of that
you know what
since my dog really wants in let's give
it a taste
all right here we go welcome to the
military oh he loves it oh he is ready
to buy oh never mind over it
you're not like that yeah I get it me
neither tell the troops thank you and
you fart okay
get out of here mess all right let's do
one more meal we have ribs except it's
called rib shaped barbecue flavored
patty you know what that's not too far
from like if McDonald's menu was honest
but you wonder why they call like a
double cheeseburger McDonald's a big mac
because they don't want to call it a
double cheeseburger cuz that ain't what
did it blue conspiracy theory okay so
here's the rib just squeeze that out on
a plate okay definitely not like rib
shape that literally looks like my head
haha is my head look like that I don't
know okay and then here is some barbecue
sauce that we're just going to drizzle
on top mmm
right let's get it let's be my
catchphrase did you just hear my dog
grow up oh don't worry baby
I'll be doing that soon let's go good
hahaha this is good why is this good
this literally tastes like a McRib
privet sauce
I literally just figured out what the
McRib is it ain't ribs it's this oh my
god
conspiracy the McRib isn't ribs at all
McDonald's only has the McRib because
the government needs to get rid of all
their extra rib shaped pork objects
every year and McDonald's says okay
we'll take them and then they make it
the McRib which is why the McRib is a
limited time only option and they say
you better get it
and forth or belches gross either way I
mean it a lot of guys go hopefully you
enjoy me eating military food and
hopefully if you're in the military or
in the military if you're not mad at me
and don't want to kill me with the gun
you still have now in all honesty I
really really really appreciate what
they do if anything I want to make this
video to show you guys that we should
really really appreciate what they do
because every time you buy into your
good tasting food or even you're not so
good tasting Wendy's food just remember
that they are over there eating that for
us so fingers covered in barbecue sauce
thank you guys good thank you very queen
oh no seriously thank you guys
and I have a bunch more military food a
lot of different things I have pizza I
think I have lasagna I don't even know
if you want me to another video let me
know in the comments below or give this
video thumbs up also subscribe to my
channel right down below cuz I mean do
videos for anyone to see more videos of
me eating crazy foods I'll put a link to
a playlist or at the top of the
description below alright you guys I
will see you little warriors tada bye
you get some vodka and then you take
some apple juice just sweeten her up is
that what it's like vagina want a piece
like
