hey what's up guys my name is destory
welcome back to another what the fuck
five so as you probably could have
guessed from the creepy music in the
background but a days list we're talking
about another creepy topic and since
Halloween is right around the corner
what better time to talk about the five
most haunted places in the world and
again there will be a lot of graphic
images and creepy ass shit in this video
so if any of that stuff disturbs you
you've been warned so don't sue me if
you shit your pants or something
number one central Pennsylvania the
real-life town that inspired the movie
Silent Hill San Trulia is known to be
one of the creepiest and most haunted
places in the United States we used to
be a coal mining town in 1841 quickly
went to shit in 1962 when the coal
beneath the ground caught on fire nearly
all of the population of Centralia
abandoned the town where it still stands
today said to be harboring the souls of
the people who refused to leave what's
even more terrifying is that the coal
fire that started in 1962 is still
burning to this day some say it could
literally be the gateway to hell and
burn for a potentially another 250 years
I'm also the creepy sites people claim
to see when they go there is a little
girl covered in ash stalking the
cemeteries audible screams coming from
below the ground and the most terrifying
a demonic face covered in fire up early
also you can still book trips and tours
around central yet to which I say no I'm
good thanks though number two the
LaLaurie house in New Orleans Louisiana
so if any you guys have seen American
Horror Story a lot of the stories in
that show are actually based off of
real-life events and in my opinion none
of those stories could be scarier than
this story of Delphine LaLaurie in 1832
the LA Laurie family moved to Louisiana
were considered one of the most
respected and wealthy families in the
city some calling Delphine the most
beautiful woman in Louisiana but
underneath her beauty lied another side
that no one could have known about as
during this time while it was normal to
have slaves it was discovered sometime
later that Madame LaLaurie was brutally
torturing and killing almost all of her
slaves behind a barred door in the attic
more than a dozen men and women were
chained to the wall or placed in cages
made for dogs some of the women had
their stomachs sliced open and their
innards wrapped around their waist and
if you could
the men were even in worse conditions
with their fingernails pulled off eyes
poked out and holes drilled in their
heads with sticks protruding from them
used to stir their brains what the fuck
and you could have to remember that back
then slaves weren't even really
considered people they were his property
so it's crazy to think that whatever
Madame LaLaurie did to these slaves was
enough for police to even be like holy
fuck bitch I mean it's probably not
exactly what they said but along those
lines and although the police made the
discovery the Lottery's themselves fled
Louisiana never to be seen again
since then the lottery house has been
made into luxury apartments which why
the fuck would you ever want to live
there
like you couldn't fucking pay me to live
there anyways despite that terrible
fucking choice
several residents of the apartments have
claimed to see unsettling or paranormal
shit while living there reports of
terrifying chanting music has said to
come from the top floor as well as
apparitions of chained slaves walking
around or jumping from the roof in one
instance someone said that they were
actually attacked by an apparition
bearing the resemblance of Madame
LaLaurie herself as it was discovered
sometime later that there were several
bodies in an underground private
graveyard that no one knew about so a
lot of people speculate that she could
have actually died on the ground and
just no one ever knew about it because
you know no one ever saw her again a lot
of people believe even in the American
Horror Story version that her slaves
actually got revenge and killed her and
then buried her underneath in the
private graveyard where all of their
friends were buried although no one
really knows so that's what makes this
so much scarier number three the ancient
RAM Inn in the United Kingdom considered
me the most haunted house in the world
the ancient RAM Inn is definitely not a
place you want to stay the night built
in 1145 on the intersection of two ley
lines which people believe is a
conductor for spiritual energy the
ancient RAM Inn is said to be the site
of devil worship and child sacrifice in
addition an ancient pagan burial ground
is said to have resided on the property
almost 5000 years ago
so why you'd build a bed-and-breakfast
over that I don't know but during its
time as a bed-and-breakfast people would
often flee in the middle of the night
claiming to see full-bodied apparitions
in the room the feeling of being touched
or Pole and the general feeling of evil
one person claimed that a voice woke her
up in the middle of the night and wanted
to have sex with her
to book her up an ass that's more than
Bill Cosby ever did ooh too soon sorry
but honestly the most terrifying part
about this place for me personally is
probably the current owner look in this
woman's eyes and tell me she hasn't seen
down number four suicide forest and
however the fuck this is pronounced
Japan food you want give food Fuji food
Fuji Fuji Bhagat Chico's I don't know
pooja want the cheek oh is that it
that's not it one of the creepiest
places in the world of course had to be
in Japan home of the creepiest things
known to man like Japan I love you you
make some of the best things in the
world but how can you even begin to
explain this let me punch ya so one of
the things that makes this four is so
creepy
is that people who walk around in it
often can't hear a single thing people
have been reportedly driven mad just
because of how silent it is there
there's no wind sounds or birds chirping
a woman who went there even said quotes
my breath sounded like a roar because it
was so quiet so that's one thing but as
I mentioned birds don't trip there
meaning birds and other animals just
avoid the forest completely dogs of
visitors to the forest will often bark
and run away from even entering it and
that just scares the shit out of me
because you know as you know dogs are
just way more in tuned with like $0.06
stuff and so if dogs don't want to enter
this forest you know something fucked up
is inside of it in addition because of
the heavy amounts of iron in the ground
compasses often don't work here
cellphones lose their signal and it's
remarkably easy to get lost as if that
weren't enough the reason that is called
the suicide forest is that it's one of
the most popular places in the world for
people to commit suicide hundreds of
people a year enter the forest just to
end their lives the most popular method
being hanging and because of just the
sheer amount of people that come here
local authorities have even started
hanging signs pleading people to seek
help saying your life is a precious gift
given to you by your parents think about
your parents siblings and children once
more also because the forest is so dense
authorities also believe that there are
still hundreds of bodies that
not yet been discovered and because of
that there's been a lot of speculation
that the entire forest is haunted
harboring the souls of those who ended
their lives and finally at number five
the island of the dolls in Mexico City
so if you find dolls as scary as I do
this next place is literally a nightmare
the island of the dolls gets its name
because of the thousands of dolls that
littered the island hanging from trees
or impaled on sticks around a hut found
on the island is it that's not creepy
enough the reason that they're there is
even more terrifying as the story goes a
recluse living on the island claimed to
have found a young girl drowned in the
canal near the island in the 1950s to
appease her spirit the man began
collecting more than 1500 dolls and
hanging them around the island in hopes
that her spirit may finally rest
what's even more terrifying is that the
man himself was discovered dead by his
nephew in the exact same spot where he
found the dead girl originally visitors
to the island all claim to feel eyes on
them all the time some even saying that
the dolls heads follow their movements
done God fuck the story now goes that
the soul of the girl haunts the island
still ready to possess anyone who comes
near it to find more dolls to appease
her spirit
seriously bitch more dolls I'm pretty
sure $1,500 is enough for your needy ass
Jesus anyways that is it for this
episode of what the fuck five hopefully
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
this channel as there will be more every
single week also feel free to leave in
the comment section down below any
suggestions you want to see for future
what the fuck five episodes and I'll
check those out and also make sure you
are subscribed to my channel at
youtube.com slash captain destice where
I upload videos there every single week
as well that said I'll see you next time
for another creepy what the fuck five
and Fairwinds
