bitch um sure
guys we're all back together first of
all hi and second of all the Dodger
meeting for the first time can't wait
for them to front third of all this is a
big deal we have our first hashtag
she'sa hashtag horny corn masa kou no we
have our first hashtag spot okay so as
you guys know best beans is an amazing
game and they have sponsored me before
last time it was me my mom and we had a
cake and it said hashtag spawn it was
fucking everything my mom asked for
money afterwards it's why I gave before
but today to celebrate our hashtag spawn
the best fiends forever we're gonna make
a cake yeah irena the puppies health
eyes so obviously you guys know about
best beans but guess what bitch they
have a new game it's called best fiends
forever so besties forever it's the new
game in the best fiends trilogy has the
same characters the same story but it's
a totally different game it's an
addictive clicker adventure game where
you slap collect and level up pretty
much everything in the game while you
trying to get as far as you can as fast
as you can it's nothing like you've ever
experienced before and it's the most fun
you'll ever have with your fingers or
your paws so check out the game guys it
is free I'll put a link right there in
the description below
please go download it support best
fiends forever because they are
supporting us nobody ever fucking
sponsored me to is a big fucking deal
and a sponsoring she sucks in Georgia
nor me so thank you very and forever and
this cake is for you okay you guys have
wanted this I wanted to make this i'm so
fucking excited bitch we're making a
cheesecake factory cheesecake a yeah 14
kinds of its cake so today we're gonna
be making that but not only cheap a
beach we also got Reese's little peanut
butter copies we got a chocolate brand
some shit looks
it's been sitting there for like three
weeks we have a box of cinnamon graham
crackers which I'm thinking with you
like crumble up yeah you know I mean
like fucking like on top of it yeah and
this is just for you this is strawberry
cheesecake ice cream cuz I know how much
you love ryebeck ice cream like you did
last time and I'm gonna do it again and
then of course I got four jars of cream
cheese icing beach because it's cream
cheese cake seconds you already ate it
brand new day that doesn't mean I ain't
all right you ready okay
can't wait all right let's do this I was
so what is the homeland what army okay
maybe a plate okay no this is our place
oh my god the world is always so I am
using trash bag instead of plates
because I like to eat off myself so
where should we start
what is that one pumpkin okay ready wait
aren't you allergic to cheese I don't
care
oh my god oh god the sound of that sound
like shit coming out of an asshole fuck
that's good oh that's fucking good we're
gonna end up just give me a move babe
give us next
Oh what's this one yeah what is that
it's apple pie ooh boy you saw your sort
of star yeah bitty dribble oh my god
okay yeah you can have a good party if
you did another party okay
whoo this is both Craig's crazy carrot
cake I don't know Craig is but this one
goes out to you Craig okay wait what is
this one coffee coffee
oh that's Kahlua mmm Lua has alcohol in
it oh wait should we drink I don't wanna
know guys we're making a drink this is
this is just us eating pie and drinking
now we're gonna ban but this is like a
celebration cuz it's almost Halloween so
we're gonna follow in cops do you
remember that one time
when we had drunk sex and you fell
asleep on top of me no no no yeah we
were okay
so much we're high all right oh my god
yeah
okay wait no now a new apple juice for
kids out there who want to drink this is
how you do it no we get some vodka and
then you take some apple juice just
sweeten her up is that what it's like a
vagina want a piece like uh yeah cheers
Cheers
click Wow fuck I don't think that's fun
it is
I think whoa oh happy Halloween
anyways back to us you don't remember
the drunk sex no that you don't remember
drunk sex that's the whole point
all right what's next one is this one is
cookie dough canister we need to make
this into one layer what cuz you need to
put you need to combine now Mexican
cookie dough look at this little bit
this one has actual colors how am I
gonna know get out don't get in it do it
just do more more that is so good is it
good yeah wait what's that ooh ooh this
one is fucked up this is s'mores and
look at that see on top that's fucking
it melted marshmallow okay oh my god and
then there's an atom cracker on wait
what is this what did you make magic
wait crap icing yeah so what is actually
looking good no it's actually everything
and like we're killing it now
like to really lay this on okay yeah
really get in there
oh oh you don't you do to like even it
out let's put this yes oh that looks
like a holiday low you don't have come
out like Paula Deen sure that she's not
like screening the n-word and she's like
making actual oh that's what it is okay
well what's next now this one that's
right velvet so here's the thing a lot
of people don't like her I like her give
her a chance
I don't know until you try keep that
away I really do yeah
yes she go yeah she's good right woo oh
I want a s'more no that's so well this
moisture a little bit but like don't
kill her I just let me in the bedroom I
just want to keep him with her sweat
from things out you also me in the
bedroom okay I'm sweating because you
just split her in a head and did you
know that when some women have babies
their vaginas and their asshole split
completely open to become one big gaping
way yeah and have to sew it back
together also lemon shit all the time
when they give birth now that looks
gross that was no okay I brought her to
the party because I feel like we don't
even be exclusive and we didn't have all
different of the people what is she so
she's like mango lemon yeah I know I
don't like her either but a big shot
we should try her okay no that's fucking
gross hi hey you're not inside go home
Becky okay
Rob yeah yeah fuck this oh my god
hmm there's a thermal no this is see
soccer mom oh fuck oh fuck oh yeah yes
mush OSI layer and sorry now it is oh we
need ice cream because we need like a
good solid yeah chunk base oh it's
really melted this is the most fun I've
ever had this is like probably the best
thing I've ever done like making movies
writing books like fuck back ready oh
yeah yeah oh oh oh oh my god Oh Miss Lee
it's like like it feels right okay we
have to fill that hole now I got this
don't worry about what are you gonna do
put the inner oh my god okay fill it up
it's fill up the hall oh my god Oh hurry
hurry hurry
throw her in there oh thank you back
yeah yeah just do the back oh fuck look
what Jack who's she she's original oh
really
yeah like she's just original she's like
a showgirl she looks like a grandma
but she's invited yeah she's oh she's
class she's bringing class to this cake
sure she's bringing like old school
charm that makes me feel like we need to
bring this on back wait why no I just
feel bad for it okay
is that why I get invited to things is
that like it invited like the Streamy
he's like different red carpet with you
dad for him you know that sad fat man
makes cakes on the Internet I feel bad
for him give them an invite wait what
are you doing oh I see where I do
oh fuck pop pop pop pop pop wait what's
next what are those oh that's recess
open her up what that one's the best
she's my favorite Reese isn't Oriya or
my favorite I don't even know that and I
love somebody
or else to get hash trick shoes okay
where do I even get it really thing
swap are you sweating - yeah I should
what oh oh my god Mike hazel does it and
I don't hot oh yeah 100 on the outside
is what it tastes like on the ends you
know what you're fucking right oh my god
oh yeah Chloe look get the crumbles eat
that oreo queen on top fucking show me
her presents bitch letting you know
she's got the party if she's not going
home
this looks good okay I think we need to
cover it now in icing and then graham
crackers yes Oh get in there wait you
got to slap that ass oh wait not forget
it front back oh oh oh oh oh my mom when
I was a kid she used to say like oh my
god this Snickers bars better than sex
and I'd be like that's so sad honestly
this I get it I get it
I fucking get it mama mama come over
here let's not have sex with eat this
okay graham crackers ooh look at early
ants okay we know we have to crumble
them first I think yeah yeah yeah yeah
beat the bitch grin bitch beat a bitch
down who do you drag lately does that
mean you like make fun of somebody or
you got me so sure yo mofos that shit is
where ya go oh no I'm doing great work
here while I'm trying to shake this
shook cake so Grammys oh my God look at
it when you team that's like your
dandruff that's too real psoriasis is a
real thing oh my God look at that that's
fucking beautiful
you know what that really
I am really good at this oh my god that
was like a fucking chef like when
they're like do you want graham crackers
I just oh here wait how do we make it
bigger
Lou making us make it a circle a circle
no no wait we should fucking put half
six spots on it
hold on alright ready in honor of best
themes forever bitch we're gonna do
hashtag spa whoa awesome does that look
like a hashtag yeah wait I'm not gonna
fit spawn oh fuck I'm running out of
room I need it
wait what do i do what do we do oh my
hand are you sure yeah this is fucking
gross it's really grasp it what you're
welcome best fiends oh yeah all right
are you ready - yeah yeah okay here we
go oh my god wait this is really sad cos
like you have all those cuts on your
hands it like the cake is so gross and
you're just oh this is just I love this
come on UMass come on mama oh but it's
good though yeah this is so gross I was
a daily vlogger this is what it would
look like
we'll get that little shit out there I
know why is that one of you kicked out
and then we invited her back she ruined
it yeah Internet bye guys go oh my god
fuck we're a mess but I wouldn't have it
any other way
go that was me at Lisa McMann I've
learned the guard
is that my sweat all over you yeah
doesn't make a job
give this video a thumbs up if you did
and subscribe to my channel down below
because every videos every day and also
please please please go download the
game best fiends forever it is free you
can download for free and play it tweet
me pictures of you playing it maybe
pictures of your dogs playing it I can't
with the sweat
I look over to her Channel and check it
out we did a move bang over there where
we talked about random shit and we ate
food and we talked about best fiends and
we play with the dogs to go check it out
here and if you guys want to see more
videos of us making giant cakes we did a
rhesus wine a bunch of them I'll put a
link to the playlist at the top of
description below
alright you guys see you Jacob keeps
tripping on me by carnies better than me
let me have yeah just think about the
fact that while you're pumping gas you
are standing next to hundreds of gallons
of gasoline that are incredibly
flammable and if any kind of spark or
cigarette or lighter gets near it the
entire street corner will blow up into
flames yeah that's fucking scary
