hey guys this is Finn's podcast with
totally sketching Mugen fucking ha so
much shit we played with I don't even
remember what we did our dicks we play
with our dicks we talked about vine we
talked about drama we talked about their
new movie and we talked about penises go
check it out put the link on there so
I'm complicated guys guess what what
we're eating food
who would've thought first of all on the
last video we did we made out yeah and I
was like a date yeah so I want to do
like a breakfast date cuz like it went
well you spent the night and you didn't
like run off in the morning when you
realize what a beast I was oh but now
you're back soon yeah he said there were
pancakes Thunder oh my god these crazy
fucking pancakes we're talking like
frosted flakes encrusted we are coming
late Oreos and on her channel we at
Halloween candy that was gross over here
we're gonna easily good be right for
this you've never been in like a Shane
eating video no I haven't are you
excited I'm very excited this is what
dreams are made of
oh my god make a wish if there was a
good dying kid and like they called
McNichol which is like Shane this kid is
dying their whole wish before they die
is to eat with your camera this is some
really the second how I'm saying this is
Shane today this is dark even for you
like what do you say oh my god and then
they die like right afterwards and I was
the last meal Shane stop everything
that's fucked in our family make-a-wish
call me okay oh my god gilad heavy
business might feel it litter on the
sides of a dead baby
ah make a wish this is the frosted
flakes encrusted it's called roar Betty
goodbye 1 1 2 3 oh God
wait literally just smells like process
like so oh fuck oh my god what's that
what is that there's like stuff inside
of it wait wait
let's write another strawberry oh my god
wait is this made for one person who's a
Mullins the Rideau shade there's baby
wait oh my god slapped me in the face of
thinking Oh McKenna yes oh right I mean
if I can that's when you know it words
oh my god okay oh yeah I got a little
extra with that baby you never go too
hard when you slap in the face with a
pancake
yeah Buster oof okay Shane we're talking
now oh yeah yeah oh it's bowling time
let's go okay
no big is good but I think any place I
think that's better like I just ate a
spoon full of butter
mm-hmm not just a buttery authentic okay
little flaky thank you oh my god it's
our song he is fuck but that's what
makes a good it tastes like Syria like
when the cereal is like sitting in the
bowl for like ever which is ever happen
to me because I eat it right away no
this is literally a butter cake it's all
better
this is so fucking good who could eat
that the whole thing come on close it
it's later what is this oh okay it's
pumpkin yeah bitch this is the pumpkin
pancake with some pumpkin in the middle
some a potatoes and it's like with your
fucking great
oh fuck I think you so much whipped
cream no here just sold dollar we put a
star Y or not hell yeah really get in
there really oh my god this sick food
porn like oh fuck oh my god
and drag going home for Thanksgiving can
we just get these pancakes are you not
do another family Oh No do you not have
family babe let's eat that's emotionally
eat I don't know what is your favorite
dress
she knew that I could entire video about
it you know you did a story tell my
family stuff
no they should really view how my wife
ways your family really dad that's why I
love you wearing stuff I wouldn't have
any family here
I was thinking I can we laughs you
should put that on your tinder profile
mm look hey my family's dead
what was your turn around I don't think
I had one what I think it was I attended
subscribe norm at that way okay get in
the middle of a cock cock cock cock
bitch I don't even you the best buy ever
you better get in it'll be give me some
whipped cream give me some fucking how
did you do that you're just like really
good at that look at that
you're alarmingly good at getting food
on another fork let's go easy on me okay
here we go oh my god I swallowed that
shit haha it lasted two seconds in my
mouth I'm home your mom how did you do
that
Shane potato bio I'm here
are they follow football is there a good
me oh my god this is trip to a mukbang
and I'm here for it Shane what's the
best thing I've ever eaten I know this
is gonna bum your pies it wasn't a latte
this better fucking evidence this is
every if I have to eat one thing for the
rest of my life no I'm not gonna go that
far a bit of only shit shake wait give
me throw shame no shame I feel really
sad for you right now like I'm sad it's
too much for me
what was that liking your minute
everything okay we move on from hell
yeah oh my god what's next oh fuck we
are
sorry I'm excited so I keep revealing it
before you reveal everything is that
oh my god open that bitch open it is
over the page Howry ah oh fuck do you
keep your icing or cream in the middle
if there's not then they fucked up but I
feel like not it's like theirs for the
Orioles on top oh my god this is Oreo
encrusted wait what you know what cream
okay maybe this is like Oh
oh my god oh my god okay should we try
it out sure really and I didn't see if
it has a glorious taste I want to get
you a really nice like wait if this is
like a typical MOOC thing like copy
written by Trisha Paytas we need to talk
about our feelings while we eat oh um
I'm kidding I love my life I cry when I
masturbate really hmm it got to the
point where sometimes I cry oh just get
more knee I am masturbated two of them
are you just not gonna acknowledge how
big this is
I'm sorry this is really good what was
that masturbating to because I'm really
embarrassed by it
oh gee no Peter mom is really
he's my new favorite youtuber he makes
these long videos where he talks about
me and trash and all the other youtubers
and I was okay here thing I was
masturbating while it was on to the back
right but I was watching porn and then
he kept talking about sexy Emma's and
how like amazing a month and I want to
fuck me on everything and honestly I
think subconsciously become really
compliments just like I like telling you
that you're like hot and sexy honestly
like if my dad texts me it's like miss
you son boy cost you need i have third
time's in a shain dark even for you next
thank you oh uh yeah this is chocolate
chip cookie encrusted french toast you
ready for this
oh my god I did not know that this was
happening today oh my god wait hold on
I'll pull it out yeah I'll give you a
fair share oh my God look at the cookies
you see the daddy not a real thing on
the fucking real seeing oh you're
literally
cookies on bread for breakfast hair oh
and then there's crumbled up cookies in
the whipped cream slob oh my god syrup
sir
I can make it rid of a bitch get that
drizzle drazzle oh oh so this is gonna
be fucking good I'm very excited okay
yeah I don't love it I don't wanna I
don't deserve on my cookie I want my
cookie and milk I want the server man to
go underneath there's a circle it's
cookie right there
let me get you a non syrupy one I think
it's everything because the French toast
is gooey it's like fuckin you know I
think it is I think I matter shot me
Beach I'm in the cookies fucking bomb
it's fucking wrong we're talking about
and I'm squads I'd enjoy do it like it
burn a banana calories on top here you
go this is what you want that's what you
want buffer over get it from the bag
shake we're making really fast this is
my favorite if you don't love it very
business my favorite this is the one I'm
gonna be eating a lot of the syrup but
without it it's making me very excited
oh my god okay this is it this is the
final one are you ready for this oh my
god this is the heaviest one feeling
ready it's called just gosh and look at
people I think this one has alcoholic
here we go really yeah let's get rid of
all the problems okay ready guys
one two three white wine that's not an
omen I was expecting oh that smells like
a drunk holiday oh my god this was like
my family oh you're skinny in there all
right no that's okay babe do your thing
it was a good way to open up a middle
know I usually I usually hate coconut
but I'm in it yeah yeah
Oh oh my god you made a little ass hole
in the middle and you just kind of fill
that up as you know where's my fork
don't worry he's mine okay
oh thank you okay ah there last time
come out it was there's better than last
time we're going up what does it do got
me in the burger burger oh I did it was
a blowjob joke I'm done with these oh I
just want to be you
wait you're spinning at all is it
obviously extra things are bothering me
there is like I think nuts or something
like almonds no I'm not okay with
that's so good look gosh oh that like
way something's feeling about that's one
of them oh my god the flavors nice but I
don't like the walnut I know what is
wrong I love it I do it cool I hate
coconut but I love this oh my god we
talked about this last time we're
perfect opposites and food which means
we would never fight over food I love
that mm-hmm why aren't we fucking mmm I
tried
did you really mm-hmm when we made out
you wanted to fuck okay let's hang out
again anyway really you were trying to
fuck oh yeah oh my god yeah no joking
right now how would a dated change I
would murder you my favorite destroy you
not good is long just because it's like
grossly thing it's like that it's like
that candy I actually really want to see
your day like just because we talked
about it so many times and some time ago
days like super average and sometimes
days like extremely large what the fuck
cabron just probably it's in average
length before but it's courteous fuck
but it's so earthy to a point where like
you need to be stretched out if we get
100,000 likes on this video Shane will
show is dick oh my god
wait no if we get 500 thousand likes get
up your game okay I will do a video
where I take my dick out to show you you
stay you swing you can't drink out no
this doesn't happen apart I think up to
you I think I should
that's a lot of work Shane oh my god but
thank you guys show me your pussy I
don't care I'm just leaving my pinkie
until I'm exact I want to see your dick
fine do it
what if I show it to you though you're
like oh I hope so
ha ha ha now it destroyed my life no I
think anyway hey guys go hopefully you
enjoy watching us eat our feelings have
fun and just get messy if you want to
see us eat more food over to her channel
read $0.99 rovinj candy yours girls
crate also go subscribe to her but
making those videos is cool and give me
a thumbs up people want to see my dick
and I don't know I'm so excited to show
you my dick I don't even know work yay
oh my there was by the way ha ha finally
that's the most excited to anybody's
ever gotten about my dick oh she won't
have to be together he's fucking around
and just do this already
ok bye guys killer clown started popping
up all around the country in Ohio there
was a 14 year old boy waiting for the
school bus when a clown ran up to him
with a knife and chased him down the
street luckily the kid picked up a rock
and threw it at the clown and a clown
ran away but still the fuck
