hey let's have you guys okay really
quick before this video starts today I
just wanna let you know that there is a
brand new video up right now on my main
channel and I haven't put up a video on
there in a while and this is very
different from my usual but I'm really
excited about it I hope you guys like it
it is a house tour but it is fucked up
and weird
uno makes a cameo it's a lot of fun and
I think it's really funny so I hope you
guys like it please go check it out I'll
put a link right at the top of the
description below is on my channel
shanedawsontv you and um go show it some
love and if you want more videos like
that please go give him a thumbs up and
okay all the rest of the video bye hey
what's up you guys yes today we're gonna
be talking about something that you have
been wanting me to talk about for a
while and I have avoided talking about
this because it genuinely freaks me out
and gives me nightmares
I'm gonna do today just for you guys yes
today we're gonna be talking about
killer clowns I hate it so yes it's most
of you guys know killer clowns has
become a trend in the last few months
and it is so creepy but nobody really
knows the reason for it which brings us
to today I'm going to be giving you guys
a few conspiracy theories on why people
think killer clowns are taking over so
first let me break it down and explain
what the fuck is going on so it all
started on August 19th in Greensville
County South Carolina a woman said that
her son saw clowns whispering and making
weird noises in the middle of the woods
she went to check it out and she saw
three clowns standing in the woods
flashing green lasers when she tried to
get their attention
they ran away now these woods were
located behind an apartment building and
a lot of kids in the apartment say that
the clouds will come out of the woods
and try to lure them into the woods with
the money and this wasn't just a rumor
or a prank this became headline news
check it out
clowns hidden through the trees there
was times running in the woods tender
kids that they had candy and they would
give it to him if they came down so then
this spread farther than South Carolina
killer clowns started popping up all
around the country in Ohio there was a
fourteen year old boy waiting for the
school bus when a clown ran
to him with a knife and chased him down
the street
luckily the kid picked up a rock and
threw it at the clown and the clown ran
away but still the fuck then there were
sightings of clowns who would just stand
underneath the street lamp and stare at
you and wave as you walk by they were
even clowns hiding outside of fast food
restaurants reading for kids but this
next one is probably the scariest of
them all so this happened in Texas on
October 10th at 2:30 a.m. one morning a
man woke up and noticed that the gate to
his house was open so I checked the
security footage from the night before
and what he saw was terrified he saw a
clown with a large butcher knife trying
to break into his house check out the
footage
now I couldn't dig into the front door
so he walked around to the side opened
up the gate tried to get to the side
then he walked around the backyard try
to get into the back door
so then he couldn't get in and he walked
away
then there's this footage of these two
guys that were driving down a dirt road
and they saw a clown in the distance and
then this happened dem on ones that want
it go
no I got it I got it
I know fucking terrified the business
next clip is even scarier
this guy was driving by a carwash in the
middle of the night and this is what
but that one give me fuckin goosebumps
Oh
now this next clip happens pretty fast
but there's a close-up that really
freaks me out
so this is footage of two teenagers
driving the middle of the night when
they see a clown by their car and then
this happens
oh when it drives by and the cloud is
like close up in the window I'm gonna
have nightmares fucking forever
now this next sighting is probably the
most graphic out of all of them and that
is a group of teenagers driving when
they see a clown in the middle of the
night standing in the moat and then the
driver gets out and beats him up with a
baseball bat and then I did some
research luckily that last that I showed
was actually a prank it was by a
youtuber named Andrew production with TV
and it was totally effective but that's
a confusing thing about these clown
killer sightings we don't really know
which ones are real and which ones are
fake well honestly if a lot of better
real but it's just random people who
want to freak people out and dress up as
a clown like how many of them are
actually killers
well the killer clown craze isn't just
in America it made its way over to the
UK now in just the last week alone there
have been 20 killer clown sightings and
attacks and these ones are way more
fucked up in America there have been a
lot of clowns that were running around
with knives chasing people there was an
incident when Chuy young girls were
walking to school and a black van pulled
up with clowns in it and the clowns
under open windows and asked the girls
at
come with them to a birthday party now
luckily the girls fucking freaked out
and ran away they wouldn't move that
would not have ended
Bendis happened there was a man who was
holding some beer bottles he had just
left the liquor store and he saw a clown
in the distance well he decided to start
throwing his beer bottles at the clown I
wonder what kind that's a you stand them
in the way thinking you some some sort
of Joker
oh yeah we do mate we did only get past
want to go out on oh yeah mate and all
of those sightings are only a few of
them there have been so many in the last
few ones now let's talk about why it's
all happening now the first conspiracy
theory is that it's all one big
publicity stunt so for those of you who
don't know there was a big horror movie
in the 90s called
it it was based on a Stephen King book
and it was about a clown who terrorized
a group of kids in a small town now this
clown would pop up in random places
scared a kid sometimes you can kill them
but probably the most frightening and a
memorable scene from that movie is when
the clown was in the rain gutter and
attacked a little girl now I'm warning
you this is probably the creepiest movie
clip of all time and it will give you
nightmares so good luck hi Georgie
aren't you gonna say hello
oh come on Paco don't you wanna lose
very wise of you dad George is very wise
indeed I chose you from Pennywise the
dancing cloud you are Georgie so now we
know each other
no no you're thinking shame that movie
came out the early 90s why would they be
doing a publicity stunt for that movie
well that movie is being remade and that
we make comes out in the next year so
the theory is they want to get some buzz
going gets a height going so maybe they
staged an incident where creepy clowns
were talking to kids maybe it never even
happened maybe the family that said it
happened got paid by the movie studio
and then once that happened you know
people in the world just kind of took it
upon themselves to start dressing up as
clowns and freaking people out maybe it
got out of hand maybe the movie studio
is like oh fuck we did not expect this
to happen so we were definitely not
going to let people know that it was a
publicity stunt maybe the only plan to
do one killer clown sighting maybe they
have no idea any battle is gonna happen
and the movie studios do publicity
stunts like this all the time remember
that movie that came out like a year ago
with the gallows it was about some kid
named Charlie stuck in a school that he
was haunting everybody that came in well
remember around the same time there was
the Charlie Charlie challenge where
youtubers would like put two pencils
together and asked Charlie if he was
here I mean hell I even to the challenge
and I didn't know his publicity stuff
and I don't think the movie studio ever
actually came out and said it was a
publicity stunt because I think they
didn't want to take credit for it
because I think it just got too fucking
weird and creepy and they were just like
we don't want any part of this well
maybe that's what's happening with this
now the second theory is a little
crazier and involves Donald Trump
honestly nothing would surprise me
anymore with Donald Trump and that is
the theory that he created all of this
now listen one next way Donald Trump's
whole campaign is based on fear he wants
people to be afraid of Isis he wants
people to be afraid of the economy
afraid of everything because he's gonna
come and he's gonna fix everything he's
gonna fight the bad guys he wants you to
be afraid so that you will want him to
be President so what give him and his
people were like hey what is everybody
most afraid of being killed and clowns
clowns are on a list of the top three
things that people in the entire world
are afraid of so what if his people were
like hey what if we started as killer
clown
make everybody afraid to leave their
house because there's gonna be killer
clouds everywhere and what if as the
election gets closer you bring it up and
you say that you're gonna fight these
clowns now he hasn't talked about it yet
but I guarantee you soon real soon you
will I know it sounds crazy but honestly
is it I mean politics is all based on
fear
clowns are the scariest thing in the
whole world - pretty much everybody kind
of genius now the last conspiracy is
very disturbing because it is that these
killer clowns are all apart of a secret
cult and the secret cult is all about
worshipping a serial killer and John
Wayne Gacy so John Wayne Gacy was a
serial killer and a rapist who killed
thirty three young boys in the early
seventies now the creepy part in his
free time he would throw parties for his
neighbors and he would dress up as a cop
and after he was found guilty of killing
all of those people that's what gave him
the nickname the killer clown now the
way Casey got his victims was by luring
them into his house similar to the way
the clowns are trying to lure the kids
into the woods with money now when he
got them into his house he sexually
abused them strangle them and then kill
them and then after he would kill them
he would bury them into the crawlspace
in his house when the police raided it
they found 26 bodies hidden in the
crawlspace
now Gacy never admitted that he did this
he said it was all bullshit literally up
until the day he was executed he said he
was innocent just look at this clip of
him responding to a mom who was angry
that he killed her son that one mother
that gets on television all the time who
thinks I should be given 33 injections I
think she'd have taken 33 volumes and
gold laid out he literally just told the
mom to chill out what well in 1994 he
was executed and you know what his final
words were kiss my ass what an asshole
so what do you guys think do you think
this whole killer clown thing is part of
some bigger plan do you think it's
promotion to the new it remake do you
think it's part of some kind of
scheme or even gives a cult that
worships John Wayne keys or is it just a
bunch of fucked up people that have
found a new fun way to scare me let me
know what you think down in the comments
below
well there you guys go hopefully they'd
sleep at night I know I won't and if you
like this video you want me to do more
conspiracy theory videos a creepy video
asking it thumbs up so I know also
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I make new videos every single
day and if you wanna see more of my
conspiracy theory videos for my creepy
videos I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the description
below alright you guys I will see you
tomorrow
whichever clowns this is a big creepy
empty room I have no idea what to do
with it besides door dead bodies that's
a picture of a bear and says I like you
those are stairs this is my conspiracy
corner everything's good lie or fucking
is it
