hey what's up you guys I am pretty
nervous about today's video mainly
because it's really close to home so I
talk about a lot of dark things on my
channel a lot of death a lot of murder
because I like that kind of dark twisted
stuff and I like hearing the motives for
why the killer did it getting in the
mind of the killer to see what that's
like
I mean I've been obsessed with the
killers and horror movies and all of
that scary stuff since I was like five
just for proof my mom recently found
this in our closet it's from I think the
seventh grade
and I made a collage of all my favorite
movies and scream is all over it and it
is even a picture right here of all the
main characters covered in blood holding
their guns it's weird that the teachers
didn't a question that anyways so I
clearly have a fascination with anything
dark and I have been obsessed with
something for the last six years that I
haven't talked about publicly because I
felt weird about it
but I feel like it's even weirder that I
haven't talked about it because every
time I talk about a murder on this
channel I say oh I can't even imagine
why this person did it or what got into
them and with this specific case I
literally cannot understand why this
person did it and what got into them
somebody I went to school with for a
long time and also somebody that I did
consider a friend at the time killed
someone and they didn't just kill
someone they killed their uncle and they
did it in a very intense violent
terrifying way that you only hear about
in movies and nobody to this day knows
the motive so I went to Lakewood High
School and I definitely stood out for
being a weird kid and the popular kids
definitely pointed out that I didn't fit
in quite a lot but in sight of the
popular group was a boy named Kirk
Galvin not only was Kirk popular but
Kirk wasn't the typical popular kid he
was different for a lot of reasons
number one he was always nice to me I
mean whenever a popular kid would kind
of you know make a joke or laugh at me
he would always step in and be like
and not only that Kirk had a 4.0 for his
entire school career I went to school
with him I think from fifth grade to
twelfth grade and in that time span he
only got A's which is crazy like the
smartest kid in school one of the most
popular kids in school turned into a
murderer
all right I'm just gonna say what
happened on July 27th 2011 Kirk Galvin
murdered his 53 year old uncle he then
drove the body to a remote area and
attempted to destroy the body by setting
it on fire and then he left so this guy
that we all knew that was smart and nice
to me murdered his uncle and then burned
the body which I can't even process and
I haven't been able to process this for
six years well in court the judge said
this no one may ever know for sure what
happened or why it happened this is
obviously a sad tragic case I wish I
could do something to ease your pain so
even the judge didn't know what happened
nobody knows that the victims cousin
said he was a man like no other his
heart was as big as his smile
he always put others first and another
member of the family said Kirk I want
you to know I forgive you and I think he
would forgive you too because he loved
you so much and now he's in jail and
nobody knows why he did so I've been
looking for answers for a long time I've
talked to a lot of people from high
school years ago about it I tried to
reach out to Kirk's family I even
emailed the district attorney it was a
part of the case and she said this
unfortunately I don't have many answers
to give you about why this crime
occurred mr. Galvin pled guilty to the
crime he did not have a jury trial so we
have very little details about the
incident or why he chose to do what he
did
no jury why was there no jury I don't
understand and I'm not the only one
who's very skeptical and confused by
this I was looking on one of the
websites that had the story and this
comment was there no one person could
have accomplished this Kirk doesn't have
the strength to fight someone he can't
build up enough anger to fight someone
the uncle was not murdered by his nephew
no motive no cause of death no time no
place of death and then he says it would
have taken three to four people to get
that body out of the apartment across
the courtyard and into the vehicle
without people noticing was anybody
questioned at the apartment complex I
mean that is confusing right like how
did this happen completely unnoticed but
also how did Kirk who's a little guy do
all of this and why I mean clearly he
says he did it he pled guilty but why
what drives somebody to kill somebody
who's never done anything that showed
his sign of it ever to just snip now
this is where it gets really intense for
me because I knew Kirk pretty well and I
even did a video with him once where
well let me back up so I've been making
videos since I was a kid I mean ever
since I got my hands on a camera which
was when I was like nine and a lot of
that footage is deleted from the world
some of it's still out there I think the
oldest one that exists is a video of me
at a birthday party is singing and Kelly
Clarkson while sucking helium into my
mouth
yeah I was not popular but once I
entered high school I started doing
video projects instead of essays and I
even got my teachers and sometimes my
principals to be them now I had so many
different people in my videos popular
kids nerds jocks it became a thing where
everybody wanted to be in my weird
messed-up videos they didn't want to be
friends with me but they wanted to be in
my videos well my final video that I
made in my senior year at Kirk in it so
this video was about dictatorship and
what would happen if I turned into a
dictator and ruled the school now the
video has been copyright strikes so
there's no audio but basically here's
what happens so me as the dictator tells
Kirk you will be the incentives man if
one disobeys you and then he says
something like beat them up or something
and then I say I was thinking more like
kill them which is so crazy considering
what happened in the future and then in
the video he actually killed someone he
takes his fingers and then puts it to
her neck and then somebody pushes him
and she dies and now that guy that same
guy is in jail for murder do you see why
this fucks with me now I have not talked
about this because I feel weird I feel
like I don't want to be disrespectful to
the family I don't want to bring up bad
issues for them but as somebody that
knew Kirk
as somebody that liked him somebody that
had a weird connection with him I just
want to know more I want to know if
there was a motive or how this happened
and I'm not the only one I think a lot
of people that grew up with him want to
know too and I want to know for the
victim's family too I mean aren't they
like what the hell like tell us why you
did this and who knows maybe the reason
he did it was he just went crazy you
know a lot of articles are saying oh he
just had a mental break and he went
crazy but I just feel like that does it
I guess I also want to know if there
were any signs like how do you avoid
this happening again we all thought we
knew him so we didn't
besides there's a lot there's a lot that
I want to know okay I think what I'm
gonna do is go on Facebook go to his
page and see if I can see any clues or
signs and then maybe reach out to people
from high school and see if he noticed
anything I'll reach out to the family
again the family if you're watching
please no I'm not like trying to make
anybody look bad I just I just want to
know more I want to know why somebody
that I considered a friend would become
a murderer
okay let's go on Facebook so I'm just
gonna film this and then we can watch
YouTube and stuff I got you a princess
great thank you okay just back into High
School on Facebook I'm gonna need this
huh all right here we go
I owe $350 what nice to see you again to
Facebook
okay so first let's go to crooks page I
haven't seen Kirk's page in a while the
last time I did was like maybe four
years ago so I don't even know if it's
still up or if somebody took it over I
okay
whoo that is one of the scariest
pictures ever for so many reasons just
the fact that you can't see his face
is this the last picture he posted
February 4th 2011 yeah huh ok so I want
to look through more of his pictures
because one thing I remember a lot of
people saying is like oh I wasn't
surprised because he never smiled and
was always kind of sad so I'm curious to
actually look and see where he was at
mentally before it happened let's see
him smiling he looks happy like that
doesn't look like a sociopath to me I
mean all of these pictures are
he seems to be having fun I don't that's
the thing that's confusing to me I feel
like if he slowly fell into some kind of
dark deep depression or something that
would make him be able to kill someone
wouldn't there be pictures to show that
although I guess people only post
pictures of smiling cuz that's the
Internet so maybe he was actually I
don't know I mean he had a more
interesting social life than I did he's
partying up all over the place okay that
one's a little dark so that's in 2008
interesting I'm kind of surprised to see
this type of picture cuz like the guy
who I knew in high school was shy and
like not a shirtless selfie kind of guy
so I guess I know I guess I didn't know
him as well as I thought I did not say
all right well let's see if there's any
like anything on his page that could
give any hints about anything about I
think
nothing nothing no literally nothing
that's a little scary
likes okay we have some likes making
people smile
this is like like I knew this was gonna
feel weird and be kind of dark and I
didn't really think it through
I'm feeling really weird dancing
developmentally disabled sports fun like
he liked charity work I'm just so
confused past events and what are these
birthday parties concerts and engagement
like that's why I'm even more confused
by this I just okay so I think what I
want to do now is I want to message some
people from high school specifically
people that I saw in his pictures people
who I know were close to him and I want
to see if they know anything now I've
talked to a couple people about this a
few years ago and everybody was in the
same place like everybody wanted to know
more they didn't get the full story so I
feel a little weird about messaging
people but okay so this guy was his best
friend
and was in one of his last pictures and
I know this guy very well I mean I was
in his class early years okay hey man
okay I'm not good at Facebook I know
it's been many years and you might not
even remember me but we went to school
together
I was looking into the Kirk Galvin case
and I wanted to know more about what
happened
okay I also sent another message to
saying I know it's sensitive and I
understand if you don't want to talk
about it I'll see scent all right so I'm
gonna send a message to ten different
people the one I really want to talk to
you is one of my best friends from high
school her name is Megan we did videos
together we were very close and I even
talked to her about this and she was in
his class - so I also just haven't
talked to her in a long time in general
and like I just kind of want to like
break the ice hold on let me do a little
stocking first oh my god I love her so
much
wait what no I'm not like that
oh man but I do love her that's her mom
oh my god her mom's name is Patricia and
I called her patty-cakes her mom was so
supportive of everything I did and loved
the videos that we would make home the
dog oh my god her standing in front of
the Long Beach sign that's everything
that's very gruff oh man okay that's my
sister hey is that too much okay super
random but do you know any info about
the Kirk
Calvin case like anything that wasn't in
the news already how are you oh my god
this is why I can't keep friends on send
it alright I am going to let this sit
overnight and then
morning we'll see if anybody wrote back
okay see the Hardy okay so it is four
o'clock in the morning and I went up to
go pee and then I looked at my phone and
I had like a lot of missed messages and
I couldn't go back to sleep because I
was like I don't know what everybody
said Rylands back let's leave back there
but he can sleep through anything
but who know is very annoyed oh my god
let's do this okay so I'm not gonna say
any names or show pictures of who I'm
talking to but the first person that
brought me back was one of my really
good friends
alright let's see what she said hi so
not super random I thought the entire
situation was crazy he killed his uncle
set him on fire and buried him after
driving over an hour with him in the car
what the fuck never heard anything more
other than that he's in prison but for
how long I feel like I tried to Google
it after I heard but found nothing you
see this is why I'm doing this video not
like it's not just for me everybody that
grew up in this neighborhood feels the
same way it feels like we don't have any
information so it's nice to I feel like
I'm not alone of that okay I'm alright
her back in a minute alright so this
next one is from another girl who I
wasn't that close with but she was close
to her pretty close to group I Shane I'm
doing pretty decent too hope you are too
honestly we're on the same page I was in
England when it happened and I didn't
really talk to him too much after high
school I almost made a plan with
somebody to visit him in Santa Barbara
but didn't end up going
visiting him it you thought about them
we'll get to that idea later from what I
know he got into drugs and ended up
stabbing his uncle and driving his body
to Santa Barbara equally shocking to me
and don't entirely understand what led
to it okay so same boat okay this next
one is from another girl he was pretty
close to what's up dude
Kirk hated his uncle hated him that's
what I remember and I talked about it a
few years ago I'm pretty sure they said
so what she just said I'm going to not
put in the video cuz it's touchy and I
feel like that's overstepping a boundary
so I'm not gonna put in what she said
out of respect for his family he's not a
lot to defend herself and he was the one
that was murdered so like not go there
but let me read what she said after that
I saw him out on Second Street a few
days after he killed his uncle during
holidays he was totally normal but
that's my thoughts on it I don't
remember reading about drugs he smoked
weed and drink that's all I know
she saw him a few days after that's
crazy like killing your uncle and then a
couple days later hanging out at a bar
laughing and smiling like that's so
that's the most information we've gotten
so far Megan oh shoot now I don't it
didn't totally shock me though I know it
sounds weird since it was murder but
that guy wore and dressed the same from
sixth grade to 12th grade looking back I
don't remember him and ever having a
genuine smile just seems like
psychopathic tendencies maybe that's a
stretch but I just wasn't shocked when I
looked back on who he was as a person
who
she's the only person so far that said
she wasn't surprised oh my god she also
sent me a picture oh my god that's us at
prom I mean we didn't go together but I
mean I wanted to but oh my god ooh
that's a lot oh my god she also sent me
a link she said remember this oh my god
first of all the making out hold on let
me go back this real-ass making out
literally didn't even touch faces oh my
hair
there's a lot happening right now oh my
god that was so cute the funny thing is
I remember we were filming that I had a
crush on her and I remember being like
so nervous to make out with her we
literally didn't even touch hair okay so
I wrote back to her just saying like
hahaha
that video is terrible but also asked
more about Kirk she said find out
motivation because I'd like to know what
drives someone to kill their uncle maybe
it's been long enough his family would
be willing to participate you know what
okay I was already planning on asking
somebody from high school to like be in
my video so I could interview them about
everything I kind of feel like she's the
perfect choice because she's the only
person that said she was a surprise that
he murdered but also I just miss her a
lot I don't hang out with her so I'm
gonna ask her if she wants to be in my
video she said sure oh my god okay so I
think
do is I'm going to write all these
people back I think I'm gonna have her
meet me at my old high school and oh my
god this just gave me a lot of anxiety I
don't know maybe going back to Long
Beach will actually help maybe I'll ask
more people in the area and what they
think or if they know anything else I
just want to talk to more people about
it
who feel as annoyed and aggravated as I
do and once again I always say this but
no disrespect is written toward the
family of the victim or the family of
Kirk I I just want to know and everybody
else does too from the messages alright
I guess I'm going back to high school
I'm about to tract in Long Beach where I
grew up and I'm gonna go hang out with
one of my best friends from high school
no I did have a crush on her when I was
younger is that gonna bother you wait
really
we're gonna hang out and talk and stuff
and then oh we're gonna talk about
murder
wait that's where we shot a video look
Kirk right there
so when I misses you you said you
weren't surprised there are some odd
here lately so I thought this would be
the perfect time
and see what your reactions
might have had a crush on you
