hey guys yes today well I'm gonna be
giving you a lot of meme material a lot
of Shane's tagged photo material a lot
of my mom texted me going are you okay
because today I'll be trying to live
digs now listen if you don't know what
lipsticks are than hi I'm Shane welcome
to the internet lifts except sticks that
look like dicks and they are very
realistic I don't know why this is a
thing I don't know who started this
kindly but it feels Chloe she's like I
want to do makeup a manga cut that's my
Kim by the way oh my god Chloe that's
such a good idea what are you getting to
you pose did you look sir oh my god I
love let's take you know I'll say love
yeah see but I was in love sticks oh my
god I have a fucking idea we should
order takeout walk flip this house no I
was thinking what if you did a lipstick
that look like a fucking dick okay let
me ask mom mom yes honey I'll be even
closer Silas Lee it looks like it's dead
just an idea
let me ask my higher power he said yes
and then these were made I'm kidding the
Kardashians have nothing to do with this
brand I don't want to get sued these are
my company called Prince ASA that can't
be real
also a false advertisement cuz the
ingredients are on the back and I don't
see dicks anywhere like if you're gonna
give me a dictaphone on my lip it better
be real okay so let's do an unboxing I
feel like I should like give you guys a
close-up of this because um you're not
gonna want to see it so I'm gonna give
it to you that's what they always say
she doesn't talk like that
hey guys okay so here is the beautiful
box of live dicks
now you can't really see it so let me
take it out side note I love that the
brand is called princess coz princess
has a secret alright here we go
I'm gonna first take out the most like
human looking ones I'm gonna go with
this brown color here we go ahh oh my
god oh my god wait hello oh my god
oh by the way I love that that's all it
does look like that's as big as it gets
fucking me oh my god oh oh oh oh fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck I'm done leave the
room before you see me go flash it too
late
okay so I'm gonna put this dick on my
lips and see what happens me the first
time I went on tinder just discovering
myself okay okay can I get closer than
that
oh you really want to see this Dee oh my
god
I can't like what hahaha I'm sorry look
at my teeth we're doing okay just put it
on from the head or from the shaft this
is very confusing all right I'm just
gonna put it on from the head hold on I
can't honestly dick to Bob okay it looks
good this dick is good hold on look at
this Oh barway not great from up close
the dick looks good which is not real
life not oh wait maybe it'll look better
if I have my friend job no looks even
worse okay let's try a different dick
color no offense to brown dick or gold
dick whatever kind of dick this is all
dick colors are great all dicks are
interesting all dicks are unique all
dick smell like taco meat right is it
just mine hold on let me wipe off this
dick the classiest prostitute hold on
that we wipe off this dig okay all right
what color should we try now I think we
should try like a really red one like I
want to dig to be on fire
I want the dick to have a problem like I
want the dick to be burning all right
here we go hmm hello job technique oh
you want a blow job babe
you want to blow job babe Oh God God
look at the veins I really want to make
this is this like you know like um some
people can like get a mold made of their
dick and they make it
for their wife by the way husbands wives
don't want that when you leave the house
the last thing the wife wants is your
dick they want your credit card okay
here we go there's dick on okay that's a
good color that's a good dick Congrats
Congrats you found a good day me if I
was a preacher and I was conducting a
wedding all right let's put on the
fringe and let's do the big reveal at
everything that's out now if you saw
this Sunday on YouTube you'd be like
who's the fucking new queen in town like
Manny ma cutie who fucking Geoffrey's
star what fucking Kelly Clarkson who
like fuck who is she - her little hair
am i dead Oh
once again better up close nice look
good far away it's like when you're in
the club and you're like really close to
somebody like one of the home with me
yeah oh I'm gonna go to my room yeah me
I'll call an uber um yeah this is gross
but the dick still worked
that's a I've heard that before bit no I
let's do one more cup all right this one
is like a classic red feel like that
last one was like too pink for me and
I'm like more of a classic girl yeah
mm-hmm Bethan Miranda sings hasn't done
a video using these is insane Miranda
get on that ooh fuck don't you love that
shit
what like in commercials are on videos
and people go like and then you see a
little teeth like although teeth bite a
dick is like not ideal ah
that doesn't work my teeth are so big
why are they so fuck what is that I
should really brush my teeth before I do
a close-up video
oh okay sir I wonder if I'm gonna wear
dentures when I'm older I mean it looks
like I'm wearing dentures now what about
just like just second-guessing all right
oh my god brighter I get the more you
can't see me the better I look
oh fuck yeah you have a home oh you want
to get an uber yeah oh my god man a
fucking horror movie can you imagine man
fucker I know I took her there we go
yeah he's more in my league boy guys go
those me try lifting these fucking were
that's very scary what do they look like
as you like use them over and over again
let's see I've always wanted to do sir
crime sighs I know that's not what this
technically is that it's close enough so
you can like oh oh my god too real Oh on
the floor Oh oh my god this is just like
Lindsay Lohan when she had her building
accident and she like lost her finger
and then her friends are like my god and
girls on the floor oh just like with you
Lohan actually kind of like Winslow
right now just like tired guys go
hopefully enjoy me try and lip dicks if
you did give this video a thumbs up or a
dick up also subscribe my channel right
down below cuz I mean the videos every
fucking day I swear I know it's a lot
also if you wanna see more videos of me
trying weird beauty products or drink
beauty hats or doing just anything
fucked up to my face and a link to a
playlist right at the top of the
description I had your little lip dicks
I will see you tomorrow let's put a
little fucking ghost on top like this is
his house and he's like welcome ass well
you gained 50 pounds and you'll get
diabetes
okay y'all fancy diabetics I'm on the
cuff
