has are the guys yeah fucking all the
way bitch
I'm excited I'm fucked up don't look at
my hair look at my face
um yes this is a mask because it's
Halloween and also because I want to
distract me from my body also I am going
to make a fucking giant Halloween candy
cake now I have so much pain I went to
Rite Aid at 1:00 a.m. and I was like hi
do you guys have a cart no we only have
this little basket hmm that's not gonna
do and then I got a fucking shopping
cart from the store next door I came
inside and I was like oh this aisle
excute right in the car I have pretty
much every kind of candy ever made I
thought so much candy I had to put the
rest in my sink Oh bitch from you yes so
I am going to be making this cake now I
know a lot of you guys are thinking
Shane how are you gonna keep this cake
together also how are you not going to
eat the whole thing after the camera
turns off and my answers are I don't
know that I'm ready but when I'm going
to use is these cute little Debbie
fucking Halloween snack cakes bitch
hashtag not sponsored all because this
bitch is broke hostess came in fucked
her ass up look she can't even afford
normal clothes weren't a peasant outfit
girl she's face tuned for the god though
look at that bitch like a damn Pixar
character bitch looking like a daily
vlogger so I have these and then also
have this orange Halloween fucking
Pillsbury frosting with sprinkles on top
and I might have already eaten half of
this and you probably saw it in my video
from earlier this week
time travel Mandela effect was this
filled before I started the video no
also I was trying to get like a cute
Halloween bag to put all the candy in
and all I had it was this fucking stupid
frozen bag which by the way if you're
going to want me to like eat all the
candy and like get all excited about
food don't show me pictures of to
fucking body go last bitches I hate to
sound like Demi Lovato right now but
like that squad is not fucking realistic
actually know what it is because me and
my friend also it says trick-or-treat on
eyes like that's what they came up with
hi frozen I can help you out it could
have said dieting huh let it go it's all
the weight or Krita said this movie's
overrated but races are I could come up
with these all day and you know what
they'll be funny and Olaf hahahaha that
was awful I am becoming a dad oh I'm a
jab and does pranks oh my god just throw
me away ok so because I'm not gonna
actually use this I'm gonna use this as
my plate so we were going to put this
down here and then we're going to start
making the game also I have a few things
aren't for the cake but I wanted to do
kind of like a little mini haul because
I saw these and I was like who the fuck
would eat these first things first this
is a pumpkin spice latte chocolate bar
um bitch where have you been all my life
and I love that writing is raising their
game and they're asking on TV product
I'll I'm having doing this video but I
bought this earwax removal kit nervous
that's gonna be like carving a pumpkin
all those innards Oh to be gross
alright Lulu look at the color oh my god
oh my god okay here we go
just in the video right now trying to go
finish that bye holy fuck that's good
Oh what's next okay this is called a
watch makalah I've seen this for so many
years and I've never tried it I have no
idea what it is all I know is when i
swatched on wrap that guy would be like
what's the kill it I'd be like Chuck a
fucked up dad called a lot of people dad
it's just looking let's try it why do
they call this a watching my college
give this bitch a name bah
I still salivating different name it
reminds me when people name their kids
damn now listen I have friends who are
Dan I know a lot of dance can is not on
fire
but I feel like when you're a parent I
like your baby comes out and it's like
beautiful you're so excited about your
crying the placenta is like all of your
belly you should be like thinking about
a name like child garbanzo I don't know
like some fucking classy name and then
you're like damn like no offense to
dance but like throw a little stank on
it
tane John I don't know fucking throw W
in that bitch also Dan is not a fire
you want to taste of my whatchamacallit
call me although mine has a name and
it's called ok so now that I've tried
the weird candy by the way I bought
these cuz I was gonna make fun of them
and I was gonna like drag yeah I was
gonna be like coffee M&Ms like what the
fuck is wrong with you evidence yourself
back in greta's and then I ain't like
having a bag and I don't even like
coffee but also this is something where
somebody be like oh gotta have my
morning coffee you know what I mean and
I'd be like yeah totally
mmm I felt hot love supporting local
coffee shops alright let's get started
okay so we have our plate so first
things first we're gonna do a layer of
these fall King Oh dream Oh fucking wrap
annoying let's get that unwrapped has
nobody seen that show I the only sad
person who watches the Food Network
alright I'm digging sticks why are they
such a fucked up shape this is really
enough fuck up my cake ok so there's the
first layer cake notes add the frosting
oh my god oh it's nothing I love more
than frosting holy fuck oh my god oh and
she's big Oh
alright so the point of this first layer
of frosting is to just keep this cake
together you really wanted to hold its
shape I've been watching too much Food
Network ok so now that it wasn't candy
on top I'm thinking we should start with
something really weird
I found these these are candy corns but
they're brunch
flavored with 85 year old in that
boardroom meeting was like I got an idea
you know how we have like chocolate
candy corn vanilla candy corn peanut
butter candy corn or brunch go home
Gladys so it's french toast strawberry
waffles and chocolate chip pancakes
honestly I'm kind of excited Gladys you
can stay but if you come at me with some
fruitcake as flavour canticle a bit you
can go okay first I'm gonna try the
French house Gladys bitch sit down
no no I'm peckish shit I spoke too soon
Gladys I know your kids don't call you
anymore because they've moved on and
you're old crotchety the bitch you need
to call up your kids and tell them you
just found a cure for all the world's
problems because this is bad about that
believers are looking good damn it all
right oh my god oh ooh
welcome glad oh my god okay ooh give me
something else what else you know what
this would be like a candy corn section
so next we'll do these pumpkins these
are the fucking shit I love these and
everybody has a certain way to eat them
like for me I go like this but some
people nibble nibble and then nibble and
nibble
I can all right let's make it right
pumpkins on that bitch Oh beautiful we
also have these these are sea salt
chocolate candy corns I have no idea
what these taste like my dad a few
hundred a couple in there oh my god can
we be done yet I just want to fuck this
up right now okay I have other candy
corns but I need to move on first of all
this called Amy and candy corn I'm not
here for that fucking racism they're
called Native Americans and like why are
you gonna turn them into candy that's
gross and this is just classic candy
corn like boring who is she Boop
although this is M&M candy corn I don't
even know what that fucking means but
they have to get on my layer oh my god
get on my layer the new get on my level
Gladys I'm taking a job oh yeah bitch
alright let's add more frosting seal
this layer up oh my god fuck okay cool
ooh next layer okay one two three oh
this is going to fall down okay one more
okay so maybe it's like to smash it that
might stay together probably not
okay so let's add a layer frosting okay
so now I'm thinking we should do a layer
of like classics so I have this bag
right here it has all of our classics
twigs three musketeers
Snickers starburst like I want her to be
fancy but like I want to know her like I
don't want her to be unrecognizable oh
my god oh I love this so much
you know what we're gonna have room for
more there we go represent a starburst
girl oh you know what else you should do
on this layer so I have to twist on our
old favorite we have peanut butter
Snickers which are the fucking shit if
you haven't had them holy fuck put that
right there
we have Snickers Xtreme I don't know
that
but face you get on my lair I never get
these these are called Hershey caramel
apple I don't know if that means but
like I'm here for experimentation okay
so they look like a little Hershey mom
oh yeah I like experimentation but not
that that would be like being like you
know what I'm gonna have a threesome and
then like your teacher and your grandpa
walk in you're like no mine
what else we got ooh we have a
Butterfinger in the shape of a skull
nothing dia de los muertos beach and
lastly of course we got a represent with
the pumpkin reset which bitch Wham
yeah I mean like who smashed your
pumpkin also it's gray like why is she
so o me when I'm having a threesome with
my grandma okay stick that right on
there next layer now I'm going to use it
of this frosting because it has some
sprinkles inside of it because I might
have added those at 1 a.m. the other
night and just get my little fingers in
there anyways oh oh this is so insane
that things like this could be made like
I believe in miracles I believe in God I
believe in diapers because I might need
one at this all right another layer
cakes okay time for more frosting oh my
god oh oh if I have kids I kill but also
oh I would kill him of this actually
they would literally die baby this okay
ooh I think this should be our fucking
sour level so I have this big-ass bag of
sour candy we have Gobstopper sweet
tarts Laffy Taffy spree I don't know who
have these bitches off of there and
finds in my party Oh a Laffy Taffy
aren't there like jokes inside let's say
if it makes us laugh why did the little
mouse run away from home because his
father was a rat trying to bring my
family issues into this Laffy Taffy oh
that's funny
Oh laughs I'll leave okay so let's put a
layer of Laffy Taffy let's put some
gobstoppers let's put some sweet talks
and some fries whatever the fuck those
are all right what else we got ooh these
fuck these are candy corn Hershey's oh
my god they're beautiful let's just put
a couple of those here oh my god Oh what
else what else what else
oh you know what I need to give my girl
payday a shout-out a lot of people make
fun of her a lot of people say that
nobody likes her the sheets are old
people paid into the fucking shit if you
haven't had them literally go out right
now buy a big bag of paydays look in the
mirror and say shame and then take a
white bitch and welcome to my world
oh they're so good fuck also I just want
to say I found these in the homing candy
aisle go fuck yourself
rite aid literally go fuck yourself
Walgreens would never
I'll talk on these and these are like
body parts once again go fuck yourself
Rite Aid
go fuck yourself with an ear who wants
to eat a fucking ear Gladys I'm watching
you you had one good idea Gladys don't
fuck it up okay I think the last minute
on this layer is a level of peace oh oh
oh she's so precious okay get too
excited about frothing she's just like
her dee dee alright let's just cover a
fire so we only have probably one more
layer cakes left before the shift falls
down so let's make a count
I think we can probably only do two
realistically there we got it so now
it's time to cover this whole thing up
and then we are just going to literally
pour more candy on top oh fuck I need
this to be done now oh my god
let it drape down the fucking sides
bulan little M&M came out oh that's fine
that's fine well let's get this side oh
my god get the back of her I don't want
to miss a spot
boo you know what else we should do hold
on because it's Halloween and she's
orange get rid of the black maybe like
stripes yeah ah bitch heroin okay now
let's go fucking crazy and just pour
shit on here all right let's pour on
fucking candy corns oh my god yes bitch
oh you know what represent glad it's a
little bit - she killed it she killed it
oooh
let's get these little Pillsbury
sprinkles up in this bitch oh my
oh so pretty oh my god it looks really
pretty
Oh too excited okay oh I know
let's put a little fucking ghost on top
like this this is house and he's like
welcome ass
well you gain 50 pounds and you'll get
diabetes okay
y'all fancy diabetics I'm on the cuff
and now we have these Halloween nerd
ropes
let's make a fucking fence for this
house oh my god it's so cute Oh oh my
god I love it wait let's put some
security guards down here trying to
block out the haters oh my god we're
done guys here she is
oh my God look at how beautiful look at
the back that looks like a fucking
Mountain Halloween Mountain oh my God
look how royal he is oh my god oh let's
cut into this now oh I think I want from
this side oh my god should I go right
down the middle
oh my god that was very disturbing but I
don't care it's my house oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god holy fuck oh my god oh my
god fuck wait bitch get on the plate
alright well that kind of fucked it up
but look at that look at that fucking
cut bitch look at the layers be it ooh
you got the peaks
you got the sprees what are the fuck
those were you have the M&Ms you got
GLaDOS bitch you got it all alright
let's give this take a track just use
this fork right here oh my god okay I'm
gonna go in right here I want a piece of
everything oh my god ooh candy corn oh
my god okay oh okay here we go
my creation happy Halloween
haha this is going drew me into a goat
because it held yeah oh my god the
fucking peanut butter the fucking candy
corn the fucking bra seemed to sprinkle
the nerve ro all of it it's literally
like you know you each of my toe mean
candy and then you're laying about that
night and you feel like we're going to
throw up and pass out and die but then
you burp and like you taste all of the
flavors and then you're like that's why
I did that that's what that is that's
the Halloween bloated ask Burke boo
happy Halloween
oh yeah go enjoy it it's fucking weird
as Halloween video and so much fun I'm
so excited I love it I love Halloween is
my favorite holiday I love this cake I
love this ghost that's love you
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it also started I
generated below because I make new
videos every fucking day and if you
wanna see more videos of me making giant
cakes I made it out of Twinkies I've
made cakes out of burgers Taco Bell
candy I don't know how good a link to a
playlist read the top of the scripting
book alright you guys I will see you
little Halloween
bye so I talked about time travel before
I ain't stick by this time travel is
real because it's time it might take us
a million years to figure it out but in
a million years we'll have figured it
out and they'll be able to come back
through time so that means people are
doing it right now
