hey let's if you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about more
conspiracy theories so last time we
talked about how Hillary Clinton could
possibly be hiding some serious illness
and today the Hillary Clinton Spira sees
just get even creepier now this first
one as to the idea that Hillary might
really be sick and might not be able to
come out in public and maybe some of the
speeches she's been doing live are
actually on a green screen
okay so Hillary Clinton did a speech at
North Carolina and there's a few things
about the footage and look shady so the
first thing that was weird about the
footage was the people in the crowd all
had their phones up and they were
filming what was happening but if you
look at their phones like in front of
them there's flags on the phone screen
no flags when Hillary walks by you don't
see her on their phone screens take a
look I want you to take notice of these
cameras in the phones
we're where's the background here comes
Hillary where the flags on these
people's phones where are the flags here
comes Hillary here comes Hillary watch
this guy to the left Sloan watch his
phone where is she where's Hillary see
what I mean fucking weird
now the commentary on that clip by the
way is from a youtuber named Victor as'
and he went through the whole thing and
showed a lot of creepy moments but
before we get to the creepier moments
I'm going to talk more about the phones
so I made a movie a few years ago you
guys might remember not cool and I had a
lot of scenes where people were on
phones or they're filming something and
we had to use green screen now when you
put in an image over a green screen
phone it has a certain look to it it
never looks quite real it kind of looks
too bright too saturated and if you
really look at the phone screens you can
tell that there's something off you can
tell that the too saturated that they're
a little too blurry or a little too
crystal-clear just does not look real
trust me I've done green screen looks
like now the next thing that happens is
really fucking creepy while she's
talking on a stage
she starts glitching her and the podium
and the microphone all start glitching
but the background stays the same
fine
maybe the camera was having problems
whatever then she glitches and fucking
disappears check it out what the fuck
the flag behind her fine she disappears
which makes me think the flag was just a
background and she was composited on top
of it because it's green screen and then
a glitched and she's gone but possibly
the weirdest thing about this speech was
the fact that at the end of it when
she's like waving goodbye to everybody
she turns around and starts pointing and
waving to people that aren't there look
okay here we go
who's she waving to folks I'm not sure
she's looking directly straight at a
flag and waving and now a point okay I'm
done I mean listen if it's not
green-screen there's something else
fucking weird going on right like what
so some people think maybe she was like
in a hospital or something they set up a
green screen shouldn't the hospitals
where she did it there some people are
saying maybe it was a hologram maybe it
was pre-recorded and then some people
are saying maybe she's a robot listen I
don't believe that one although this
clip came out of her clapping and it
looks like a robot glitching
I mean to robot to me so the next theory
about Hillary Clinton is that she has a
body double so a lot of people think
that because she's sick she's sending
out this body double to do speeches to
go out public basically go out and do
all the stuff she can't do right now
because she said so recently at a 9/11
memorial Hillary Clinton was on her way
to the car and she passed out
so then after she had that pretty
dramatic pass out like two hours later
she was standing in front of an
apartment building looking great like
nothing ever happened
the Internet is lighting up with
conspiracy theories claiming this is not
Hillary Clinton but a body double so
obviously a lot of people are confused
and like what didn't you like just
almost died
and now you're like hey Queen like what
just happened and that's when the body
double theory started happening so
people started taking pictures of
putting them side-by-side of what she
looked like before she passed out and
what she looked like when she came out
of that apartment and they started
noticing a lot of differences Hillary
seemed in good spirits as she emerged
from her daughter Chelsea's apartment
Sunday after collapsing at the 9/11
memorial ceremony but the Twitterverse
erupted knows looks very different
this isn't Hillary I mean you can see
after she came out of that apartment her
skin looked a little more flawless her
hairline looked a little bit different
she had a widow's peak before and she
didn't after and she's just all around
just doesn't look the same it looks like
her something off well then they did a
side-by-side her for the full body her
hips looked a little wider
she just didn't really look like the
same body type Ellison not body shaming
I think Hillary Clinton looks great she
was great for her age I'm just saying
the body looks a little different now
this is where it gets even weirder
there was a woman out there who looks
just like Hillary Clinton who has done a
bunch of press and has got a bunch of
reality shows and stuff being Hillary
Clinton and she fucking looks just like
her so her name is Teresa Barnwell and
she's come out recently and said that
that was her outside of the apartment
and that she's not Hillary's body double
but I mean if she was which really
admitted and celebrities use body
doubles all the time Jim Carrey talked
about in an interview how he used a body
double when he went on vacation because
he just wanted to like go travel around
town so he had a body double at his
hotel room pretending to hang out there
and paparazzi would stay there I mean
Britney Spears had made an entire music
video about it we're like her and all
her body doubles were going to the club
I tried to trick the paparazzi
so is it that out of the realm of
possibility that maybe Hillary Clinton
is using a body double it's more
realistic than she's a robot
okay so the next thing we're going to
talk about isn't really a conspiracy
theory it's more of like a hoax but I
fell down a hole the other night I was
so fascinated by it I was like I gotta
fuckin talk about this so there's
something called a faith-healing and if
you haven't heard of it
it is fucked up so it started in the 80s
and these preachers would go on tour for
thousands of people and they pretend
like they could hear God and all the
people in the audience would have
problems like they'd have cancer or
they'd have family members who are sick
and they would want help so this
preacher would say well God is telling
me that you have cancer and you point to
somebody and then you walk over to them
and then he pray and then he pushed them
down as if Jesus like went through his
body and it would knock him over and
then he'd be like you're healed boiler
alert they're not healed they just paid
a shitload of money to be there and the
guys he's not talking to God
so the first really famous faith healer
was a guy named peter Popoff and it was
in the 1980s he was making millions of
dollars a year traveling around
different cities talking to thousands of
people and healing hundreds of them
you've got cancer of the stomach
are you ready for God to burn that
cancer out here it goes in the mighty
devil back off
God told me he said you Shrike that
cancer with your fists yeah it's the
same face I'd be making a little boy
what the fuck is this guy talking about
well people actually believed him check
it out hallelujah hallelujah
you really believe your Heil he is well
then a man named James Randi came along
so James Randi was famous for exposing
people for being fake he would expose
magicians psychics and now he wanted to
expose the fake viewers so James Randi
knew that there was no way God was
talking to Peter and he was like how do
I figure this out so he went to one of
the live shows brought a radio and found
the right frequency and heard who was
talking to Peter and guess what it
wasn't God hello p-ting can you hear me
if you can't you're in trouble is it
papa was being prompted by his wife
through a wireless earpiece she'd gotten
her information from prayer cards filled
out by the faithful before the show
began 16:27 10th street burning this
apparatus right out of your body yeah
fucking crazy it was his wife talking to
the whole time all these people were
being lied to
and you know the scary part is he's
still doing it he's literally still
around check it out I'll give you the
word I'll tell you when to move I'll
give you the date I'll tell you the time
I'll tell you the hour and as you heed
the prophetic direction God is going to
open up doors I know it's fucking awful
and crazy and that guy is fucking going
to hell if you believe in hell he's
fucking going there but he's not alone
cuz there's another man who's doing it
on an even bigger scale his name is
Benny
and so Benny Hinn is a faith healer
who's been working for a long time and
he's still around today and he's making
hundreds of million dollars a year he's
even more successful than Peter he has a
private plane he wears fancy clothes he
lives in mansions I mean the guy is
literally living off of other people's
pee even as a Twitter and a periscope
like he's up to date with the new
technology it's fucking weird so here's
a clip from this year of benny hinn
performing his
diagnosed with cancer of the stomach in
Jesus name to heal brother be done with
it
what like literally who would believe
that like you have to be so desperate
and in so much pain to believe that
which makes it even fucking sadder and
he's never really healed anybody just
check out this clip where this little
boy was healed of his blindness and then
well there was an update and spoiler
alert he wasn't nine year old william
van der Kolk claimed his failing
eyesight had improved at this hin
crusade in 2001
Judy's God healed me I could see better
William is now 17 and still legally
blind I'd say I was caught up in the
moment being as young as I was thinking
I could actually believe my vision back
yeah it is the blind but what makes us
even more disgusting is that he's not
only getting money from the people in
the audience he's getting money from
people who are watching at home so at
the end of every episode at his show he
has another preacher come on and explain
that if people at home want prayers from
the preachers all they have to do is
send in some money and then they'll pray
for them check it out you're going to
put a seed in the ground and the scene
you're gonna put in the ground is going
to manifest God's getting ready to
release an anointing an anointing of
inside and direction or you are not be
ignorant of Satan's devices this is what
the Holy Ghost told me to tell you the
soul I want two hundred of you to soar
see of one hundred and twenty three
dollars and twenty cent
listen everybody involved in that
situation fuck you you fucking asshole
fuck off so man
okay so this last conspiracy we're going
to talk about is one of my favorite
topics of all time no is not the Mandela
effect but kind of deals that a little
bit and that is time travel so I talked
about time travel before I stick by this
time travel is real because it's time it
might take us a million
to figure it out but in a million years
we'll have figured it out and they'll be
able to come back through time so that
means people are doing it right now
because time is like this time goes back
and forth the futures already happened
but I'm not a scientist and I'm not
going to get bowels out of it but I'm
going to give you some really creepy
little pieces of evidence to prove to
you time travels real first this clip
that came out it is fucking so weird and
this is a clip of a car appearing out of
nowhere check
what the car fucking appeared out of
nowhere that was the craziest thing I've
ever seen and I love I couldn't find the
source of this I couldn't find any proof
that it was fake it's just out there now
this next piece of evidence is in an old
Greek statue now in this Greek statue is
a carving of what looks to be a little
girl holding a laptop Greek goddess yeah
holding a laptop there's even little USB
ports on the side what the fuck
and some people are like oh it's just
like a small box like no that's a
fucking laptop what box is that small
and shallow like what would that even
hold I mean maybe a necklace or
something but whatever just let me live
okay so this next picture was taken in
1917 and if you look close there's a guy
inside of the picture who looks like
he's from the 1990s he has long shaggy
hair he's wearing a t-shirt he's wearing
shorts which is not the style of 1917
let me just look at some of these
pictures no shorts no t-shirts no like
long shaggy hair everybody looked very
pompous and had like their suspenders
and their pants and their hair slicked
back that God clearly was not from that
time period and if he was he was just
very ahead of his time so here's another
carving that happened in the sixteen
hundreds and it's love and pastor check
it out okay what the fuck like I don't
know how you could debunk that that's a
fucking astronaut like you put that
side-by-side with an astronaut that's
like an astronaut so how is that carbon
in the sixteen hundreds did they have a
vision did they know it was coming or
did somebody travel through time
okay so last time we talked about time
travel I showed you pictures of
celebrities look like people from
hundreds of years ago and I have a few
more so here's one of John Travolta
here's one of Rupert great
here's one of Johnny Depp and here's one
of Peter Dinklage this one is fucking
uncanny
there also was one of Glenn Close but to
show it now I fucked up for that now
there's a theory on time-travel that
kind of makes sense but we'll never know
if it's real or not and that is that
Bill Gates created so Bill Gates had an
idea for time travel and he called it
time gate now his idea was that you can
go back in time and fix any business
decisions that might have been fucked up
and in a speech he said this do you
remember when Biff went back in time and
back to the future yeah I can seriously
only do worse at this point so he's
admitting that time travel probably
would be a bad idea and something go
wrong but that makes me think is that
trial by error did he already create it
did he already back in time did he
already mess something up is that the
Mandela effect either way you guys go we
enjoy the conspiracies today and
hopefully you enjoyed my fucked up hair
I'm sorry
you want me to do more conspiracy theory
videos please give me a thumbs up so I
know also subscribe to my channel right
down below I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see all my
other conspiracy theory videos or videos
where I talk about creepy stuff or death
I'll put a link to a playlist right at
the top of the description below all
right you little theorist I'll see you
tomorrow
pretty much 99.9 percent of the time
what I meet people in public they are
Mexican and they are with their Mexican
families and Mexican families like yes
see bitch see puta and they're like
you're fucking crazy and we fucking love
you and we love when you make Mexican
jokes and I'm like I can't make them
anymore 2016 and they're like coyote de
Vaca do s Gordo and we miss the old
change I still don't know what Gordo
means but I think it means cool
