oh my don't stick it out of my head oh
yeah you have a needle sticking out of
my head did you feel it yeah but I don't
feel really right now all right oh my
god you've a needle signal you good just
keep your heads like that I'm not moving
girl oh my god hola que pasa amigo see I
am I get even Burkett like that was
close I don't fucking know is that
Spanish it honestly could have been
Chinese I have no fucking idea but what
I do know is I love the Mexican people
and I love the Mexican food but there's
one Mexican food I have not tried and I
saw it at Walmart which by the way I
think I've already talked about this but
there's a Walmart now next to me it just
opened up bitch I'm getting my lawn I'm
if you remember that viral video those
girls shaking her ass in front of
Walmart they were like well I bought my
brother's while the world bitch said to
me
yes I was excited but what I was most
excited about was the amount of treats
they had and they had treats they don't
have a target I got a bag full of the
mythos so I think that's what the girl
baby knows wait oh no no no
they're called bimbos wait what is bimbo
in Spanish cuz bimbo in English that's
like something my mom says when she
wants to say whore but she's like too
Christian she opens SPP mom I know
you're talking about it also I'm aware I
look like fucking trash what else is new
oh wait how do you think trash in
Spanish oh yeah shame Boston I didn't
wash my hair I didn't fucking shower and
shave I have not washed this shirt in
two years but that's how you love me
right that's exactly what people say
right before they get divorce let's see
okay so I have a fucking shit ton I am
so excited now listen I am NOT going to
expect all of these to be great
I have tried those Mexican pastries like
the ones that look like fucking
everything and they're like pink and
graining fucking orange and sugary and
then you bite into it and it tastes like
mayonnaise and you're confused and
you're let down and you're angry so like
I'm sure some of it will taste like that
oh sorry that was Spanish for I'm
fucking disgusting but I'm hoping some
of them surprise
okay where do we start so much okay I
want to start with this because it's so
random but if it's good it's gonna fuck
you this is going kayak to my lab oka I
literally could have just had killed my
baby inside of my body and I whipped
them though anyways this is called
Rabanne none that does all so can we
just talk about how I'm the mascot like
that's actually me like a big fat bear
surrounded by food okay so this is
frosted toast
no but the picture looks like french
toast with some fucking cream cheese in
the middle all right let's see how oh
well first of all it looks like an O
sandwich
and it is our um so oh I broke it I
broke it a lot so that's great okay well
let's just see let's test it out it's
expired it's expired I just bought these
I'm literate what's the day oh my god an
excuse today
perfect timing oh my god I just bought
these there y'all Mexicans ain't fucking
around
we like take this shit me I'll get it
there we go
whoo that's great look at this look you
lead you guys a queue shit look at that
that looks fucking bomb I mean if it
wasn't hard and expired um I really want
to eat it um I'm having some conflicting
feelings about the smell but that's fine
I'm still going to give it a try for my
people okay here we go alright okay
hola s me this is oh okay we're okay
this is fucking Bob but it leaves my
breath it seemed like a turd I can't
explain it it's like no when you're
eating an ass never mind it tastes like
a fart like not the food my breath
that's confusing and I have smell a lot
of Mexican breath I've had a lot of meat
Greeks and I never smell too hard
except for Florida I don't think that
was the people that was just Florida
okay this is not that I'm not gonna eat
it I just don't want people to literally
run away from me when I open my mouth
which already happens yeah I guess I'll
eat it
alright next food okay these are called
filling those now pinguin o's are
basically like those hostess cupcakes
but expire on also the fucking mascot I
don't really see that anything DJing
penguin fucking get on Mexico's level
bitch oh these were expired literally a
week ago when I bought them okay so the
DJ's mixing up some oles but uh that's
okay I'm okay with that okay they look
like hostess they're soft
okay this is going good oh my god I mean
the smell is everything this is good
this is gonna fuck me up let's open this
up oh my gosh you're gonna burn oh fuck
oh my god
oh fuck okay this already has more cream
than hostess
that's already more filled I knew I
loved your people I just didn't know how
much until that all right let's get this
try oh my god oh my god oh my god this
is better than a hostess pen I know I
was just don't come for me you slip to
my deals before I don't want you coming
for me I'm just saying this is fun good
and it's two weeks expired which is
saying a lot
maybe this magazine side maybe doesn't
make it good this is fucked
ah oh my god if I put this go back with
lies come on top did I mention at 6:00
a.m.
anyways uh this fucking bomb thank you
Mexico you're killing
once again by the way really quick I
feel like I'm gonna get a lot of like
racist comments cuz people get so angry
about fucking everything but when I say
my audience is Mexican um get a mirror
look in it you'll see you Mexican my
audience is very diverse but pretty much
99.9 percent of the time what I meet
people in public they are Mexican I'm
there with their Mexican families
Mexican families like yes see this see
puta and they're like you're fucking
crazy and we fucking love you and we
love when you make Mexican jokes and I'm
like I can't make them anymore 2016 and
they're like kya de Baca do s Gordo and
we miss the old chain I still don't know
what Gordo means but I think it means
cool next week um okay this is called
spa there is no mascot all the mascots
have left the room for this one and
that's a good on their part because
these look gross this is like I don't
even know little weird fuckin like what
I would imagine miss Potato Head had
like if you could click on her pussy
like that's what it would be but I'm
gonna give it a chance this expires in a
week so it's gonna be fresh oh oh yeah I
fucking hate marshmallow
I love peeps I'm very complex's this is
low oh hey miss Potato Head uh this
looks gross but I do live on the other
side it says spa hashtag sponge that's
like not sponge okay I don't know what's
in the middle it was wet
oh it's coconut - fuck literally three
things I fucking hate coconut
marshmallow and Jam hashtag not sponge
now let's do this
I loved it I know that was gross I don't
even I can't even like why why that's
strike one for Mexico you know I mean
strike three
building wall okay next we're gonna try
new teeth Joe's new seat those I don't
know but they're fake-ass Oreos although
their spokesperson is this little
dinosaur from like 1985 I love her she
is just licking in the cream and getting
her live and these are basically Oreos
but I think the inside is strawberry oh
it's like Neapolitan okay I'm ready for
this they expired in July how were these
on sale these expired in July and it's
October I don't know if it's still July
in Mexico I'm pretty sure you guys have
a time difference I don't think you have
a fucking time difference but either way
we're still gonna drive by the way that
Walmart opened up a month ago what okay
let's do it
whoo these are cute though look on the
front you can see this little dinosaur
man he's a haha one the back he's like
cuz he was chocolate I was gonna do a
different voice but uh 2016 so I'm not
gonna do that but I do like the fact
that when you open him up you can see
always blah no just disturbing enough
for me to want to eat it okay let's give
this a try you should beat those when
they're six months old oh okay here's
the thing huh that's poison but I could
kind of taste a flavor before I threw it
up and that flavor was good so I feel
like if they were fresh they'd be good
but like the fact that consuming them
you'd have to like call poison control
not really feelin swallowing hello okay
I do not trust dinosaurs either trusted
dinosaurs since I found out who was
inside the farm our way was that Alma
one of them was a child molester I don't
know which one it was was it pretty how
was it Bob hell baby bob was fucked up
or was it big bird that's a pig molester
I over was not big bird
that's fucking scare can you imagine
listen I was molested I can joke can you
imagine like being molested not just by
a person but by a eight-foot-tall
fucking bird like bye see you in rehab
therapy for this your fucking life like
lock me up like what the fuck and then
you get out of rehab or therapy I feel
like 30 years and you're like I feel
good now I feel ready to conquer the
world another fucking bird goes by a car
and you go fuck trigger very fast okay
this is pineapple Phil's cook moving on
listen I'm not about to eat another
thing I know I'm gonna hate I love
Mexico too much to do that to you
I'm gonna give these to somebody who
might want them I'll just keep them with
me and then when I meet one of you guys
in the street you can have it big
movement live with us and close it up
okay these are crispy wheels once again
expiring today celebration but these
look kind of good they kind of look like
little funnel cakes and there's nothing
I love more than them
oh my god Oh bah oh my god oh I love
that there's like so many little oh ho
yeah mmm just really get in there ooh
this is gonna be fuck about you might
want to look away okay here we go
oh my god hold on sky little cake icing
you know I just keep that in my kitchen
happy oh my god oh my god
just a little scoop how do you say fuck
me up at the banner hold on
sory how do you say fuck me up in
Spanish I'm afraid I can't translate
thanks for you Shane but I can search
the web if you like bitch I said I want
to know how to say fuck me up and if
you're not gonna tell me how to say fuck
me up then why don't I throw you in the
trash because you're already fucked up
you see how cracked you were yeah that
you fucked it fuck you
is that her catchphrase is that all
she's gonna say is all you've got Suri I
can't with this bitch oh that was
everything all right sir you won this
one
final guys go it was me trying mexican
treats honestly that was successful I
found what two things I liked that's a
record okay guys go hopefully you enjoy
that please give me a thumbs up if you
did and subscribe to my channel right
down below because I make new videos
weekly they can't see more videos of me
eating weird food or treats or just
getting more and more Gordo
that means cool I'll put a link to a
playlist at the top of the description
below as you guys I'll see you little
expired pen people's time hey say hi oh
no wait first of all it was very camera
shy because right before the camera on
base was run around bitch look at her
ass I would look at my ass and with the
cutest little ass licking party that
I've ever been to and I've been to a lot
