hey guys you just finished into the
podcast and we play with Barbies and we
destroy them
we also reenacted the Lele pons and an
Amanda Cerny drama with Barbies fucking
weird and then we did acupuncture and we
put pins in our faces fucking weird I
put a pin in my face eat into it go
check it out put the link down there so
glad to come pledge enterprise buddy hey
what's up you guys okay
so this is kind of a big deal and I
wasn't really gonna make a video about
this because I have a lot of issues with
people kind of like exploiting their
children um on camera like daily
vloggers like they're showing our kids
and I feel weird about it sometimes I
adopted a child and I really got
everyone to talk I really want you guys
to meet him cuz I love him so much
what come on yeah come on okay here you
okay it's not a real child but it is my
child because I birthed it I didn't
really burn it but this is Oh No look
you guys didn't really think I had a kid
right that's so fucking scary first of
all and what you gonna react
this isn't about children it's about
Muno but um can you imagine me breathing
can you imagine what that would look
like could you imagine how that would
end I would galaxy it I would like it I
probably bought it anyways look it oh
this is Oh No say hi oh no wait first of
all it was very camera shy because right
before I turned the camera on base was
wandering round bitch was licking her
ass I was look at my ass and with the
cutest little ass licking party that
I've ever been to and I've been to a lot
and now she's kind of act all chill like
she's not excited to be a youtuber go
girl wait boy wait hold on oh you got a
big ol dick like you me I'm kidding I'm
very jealous yes this is uno and I
promise he's a lot more awake and not
actually dead like he's acting right why
are you acting - you're literally acting
like a dead body
oh no this is oh no okay first of all
let me explain why I have a new shirt
cuz I know that's what you're really
wondering about um I went to Walmart and
I killed it number two okay
don't know a lot of you guys are like
Shane you are you have 18 dogs um and a
fake deer like why are you adding to the
family are you bored are you boring you
already bored we just met we just met
today and you're bored of me what a
tender situation okay so here's my
happen first of all I love my other
animals they're my children Charlie
finally chocolate muffins Snoop my job
my brother has two dogs they all over
the same house it's a lot lisa has corny
because Lisa lives alone and corny is
there to protect her which I know sounds
stupid the cornea is really you know a
good watchdog really loud and like let's
Lisa no one shits going down so of
course I'm not going to take Courtney
and I'm here alone in my house and I've
been alone in this house for the whole
year and I love this house and I love
living alone that's a lie I'm terrified
I completely don't sleep last night I
had a five nine years in a row of me
like getting murdered raped pillaged I
don't even know that word means but
bitch happened and I have not been
having a good time at night here and I
don't wanna get roommates because I am
Shane nice to meet you like I'm fuckin
gross and like why do I want to bring
people into that but I feel like animals
can handle my spell so I wanted to get a
big dog and I went to like a bajillion
shelters looking for like a big dog that
could protect me and you know like you
just don't fall in love with a dog you
don't to just get a dog to get a dog I
want to fall in love so I've been
looking for months for the right little
pup and when I saw this little
he's a puppy so here's the thing I gotta
raise this bitch that's scary
like that's raising a child which you
know I've always had help I was in my
mom or Lisa you know now I'm alone I am
ready to do this I'm going to conquer
this I'm going to raise who know I'm
going to make you know happy okay he
just threw up and that's okay I'm just
really excited and I'm nervous I'm
excited but I have a lot of friends and
a lot of people that you know are gonna
give him love and I can't wait for corny
to come over and I can't wait for the
other dogs to come over and play a fuck
it's gonna be cute I already got them
costumes it's disgusting I'm fucking
disgusting but more importantly well not
more importantly but kind of more
importantly this dog is going to grow
into a huge dog it's a lab he's allowed
sorry I know you're gender-fluid but
like I'm not gonna call you it your
pronoun is he your pronoun is oh good
you fucking cute that's what you need to
say but he's gonna grow into a huge dog
and I'm gonna feel so much safer in this
house living alone I'm just going to be
able to bark it intruders she's gonna be
able to wake me up if something's going
down I just won't be alone so that's
pretty much the gist of why I have dog
in a lot of your work like Shane why do
dog there you go
that's the reason because I'm terrified
of getting murdered in the middle
tonight and I love dogs but I'm just
excited I don't know I'm just okay
got me so cute fucking perverts oh I
know I'm not gonna exploit this dog I'm
not gonna make like a bajillion videos
with him and I'm not going to I don't
know I just I wanted you guys to meet
him because he is a part of my life now
you know if he pops up or is it a
picture on Instagram I don't want to be
like
Shane why are you stealing cute dogs
from your neighbors which I was doing a
lot so there you go that's Munoz
announcement introduction video he's
really happy I promise he's happy he's
acting like he's not into me because
he's playing hard to get I know he's
into me
we literally for like two hours just
laid on the couch and like hung out and
like nibbled on shit and a peanut butter
together so like I know he's fucking
into me and he's fucking playing games
and I'm fucking not here for I love him
he doesn't even react to my yelling he
might be deaf and honestly I'm okay with
that
do you love me I'm gonna take that
non-responsive Z yes also I've already I
already got here much so many things
again toys I got him treats I got him
moist towelettes I didn't know they made
moist towelettes for dogs I got in
costumes I got plenty of costume
I got horny across tune of a piece of
corn and I'm gonna get you know a
costume up to number one I'm gonna put
them together it's gonna be fucking
everything it's gonna be a puppy party
bitch we're all gonna be licking your
asses if you're indicted really quick
let's do a fucking puppy haul bitch why
not oh no let's go show them your toys
fucking me come on for real bitch get up
oh no come on come on come on you want
to come over here don't you don't you
okay fine okay so here first of all who
knows bad fucking luxurious fucking
glamorous fucking ready to get fucked
here that you know ready to get backed
huh yeah I knew that make you cum bitch
oh my god I love you ah so let's look at
your little toy basket because I'm
fucking crazy so first well this is
Kourtney's toy but she left it here so
you can play with it oh you like it
oh you're gonna love corny oh my god you
guys should pipe oh my god you guys
gonna fucking okay and this is a half
and it goes with this umm sweater but he
hates his hat I put it on him and he did
not like it so we're not going to do
that again but dishes a frisbee it says
run wild two things that I would never
do I would like walk calmly
these are little tennis balls by the way
exactly what might look like well except
I f4 oh yeah you love the ball oh this
is a tire I don't know this is a senior
outfit Mexican off I don't know I don't
want to send I don't want to trigger but
this is really cute and it's gonna look
like he works at a Mexican restaurant
this is another rope this is like a ship
bag but it looks like one of Trish's
purses and this is a fake piece of wood
and this is a bucket of candy that I do
not need in my house so I'm just gonna
be a big fat dad you are really going in
on that elephant also I don't think you
guys have ever seen him but yep that's
my life all right guys go follow you
enjoy the video we're going to go poop
it's cuddle and snuggle and um say hi in
the comments just say hi you know or say
something cute or maybe tell me your
animal and your animals name
I don't know and then maybe I'll read
the comments dunno I just won't read the
ones that say delete it fat or die I
thought you died I'll just get those um
okay alright I guess as we all know
whenever I get next to a waffle iron
shit gets fucked up Oh No look at this
little minion eyes are gone
there it is we made a little hole but
not this time because today we are
actually going to be cooking something
with a waffle iron
I know what the fuck but don't worry
it's not gonna be good it's gonna be
gross
