hey what's up guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
from a vagina built into a replica of a
human ankle to a dildo that talks to you
for today's list we count down five of
the weirdest sex toys in existence and
trust me by the end of this your
fetishes however weird they are are
gonna look fucking normal
number one horror movie dildos have you
ever wanted a demon cock inside you how
about a graphically decaying zombie
penis
well now you can thanks to horror movie
freaks and their line of horror movie
inspired sex toys never has it been
easier to put your penis in one of those
Navi
creatures from Avatar show them to your
friends and ensure that you never have
friends again as they question what the
shit is wrong with you but seriously I
don't know who this is for but it just
freaks me out now thinking that there
are people out there who watch The
Walking Dead probably and get turned on
by the zombies oh fuck yeah I love the
way your skin rots around your lips
number two as sad as it is to lose a
loved one it could be less sad knowing
that it dildo exists that puts your dead
ex-lovers ashes inside of it oh wow the
product called 21 grams also comes with
a plethora of unnecessary features
including the shiny box to hold your
dildo in that requires a key to open it
that you wear around your neck yeah
because that's what you want around your
neck at all times it also includes a
docking station for your iPod so you
could play your lovers favorite tunes
while sticking their remains inside of
you but wait there's more you can also
put your dead lover scent inside of
there that will automatically spray when
you open the box Wow
sign me up gotta get me one of those no
whatever number three be clown vibrator
as I'm sure you all know now I fucking
hate clowns
so why someone made a vibrator that
looks like a clown into a real thing
that you can buy I have no idea but you
know when you watch the movie it with a
terrifying fucking clown and thought to
yourself man I really want that thing
inside my vagina you're in luck because
nothing gets you in the mood more than a
Saturday's clown inching towards your
lady parts with a loud buzzing noise
number four the Bujinkan another product
that had the misfortune of talking about
the new jingle is a vagina built into a
replica of a severed human ankle a steal
at only 170 dollars the vag ankle is
perfect for the people out there who
look at a girl and say man I want to
fuck that girl's ankle
according to the makers of the products
in boutique Corfu Little Feat have a
vagina
lowriders over ankle Wow just what I
need it because you know when you can't
have the real thing the next best thing
is one built into a foot by pushing with
aces how do you explain it when someone
comes over and is like what the fuck is
that I'll descend to a man gets me going
what the fuck
and why is it sticky oh no and finally
at number five is another thing that I'm
talking about and that is the area 51
love doll why have sex with a
conventional blob doll when you can have
sex with whatever the hell this is an
even harder thing to explain why you
have it than the Bujinkan 51 doll comes
with the free a lien lube I don't even
want to note that is three
out-of-this-world love holes and three
succulent alien tits okay I don't know
if this was like a joke product or
someone out there is actually having sex
with this thing but wherever this was
paid for man you got some fucking issues
also it's currently unavailable on
Amazon so I don't know if that means
that too many people bought it and
there's like a waiting list now but I
really hope that is it for this episode
of what the fuck five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a like and also subscribe to this
channel as there will be more every
single week oh so let me know the
comments down below which one of these
sex toys you'd be most likely to use so
me personally it would probably be the
vajay cool because that one would just
get me going also be sure to subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already at
youtube.com slash Captain Destin where I
also make videos every single week
that's it though guys we'll see you next
time for another sexual what the fuck
five and Fairwinds
