hey guys yes as you can see I am next to
a waffle iron and as we all know
whenever I get next to a waffle iron
shit gets fucked up Oh No look at this
little minion eyes are gone there it is
we made my hole but not this time
because today we are actually going to
be cooking something with a waffle iron
I know what the fuck but don't worry
it's not gonna be good it's gonna be
gross because we are gonna be cooking
black waffles I know what you're
thinking Shane we didn't want this well
you're gonna have it so I have my Queen
Aunt Jemima and my other Queen mrs.
buttersworth hashtag who's your queen no
I'm laughing about Oh dad jokes dad
jokes God no but seriously I think I'm
more of a buttersworth kind of girl
maybe because I love her curves and like
I don't know what Joanna's body looks
like but her face is serving me skinny
girl realness and like I really want
that for my pancake Queens also I trust
mrs. buttersworth smile like it's not
too much like she's like Aunt Jemima is
hamming it up she's like like bitch when
you smiling that big I don't trust it
and she's not even smiling with her eyes
and that's when you know she's lying
also ah mrs. buttersworth bottle it's as
thick and rich fucking me okay so we
also have of course all of our black
food coloring that we are going to
completely ruin this waffle mix with I
know so just to make this video even
fucking grosser I thought it might be
fun to add some scrambled eggs to the
mix so we're gonna make black scrambled
eggs or no way should we make black eggs
over-easy
oh I just thought in my head we're gonna
do that alright so first things first we
have to preheat our waffle iron
now I'm a little nervous because our
waffle iron still has a party a minion
on it and I couldn't scrape it off so
I'm just gonna say like between the food
coloring and the plastic we might die
today thumbs up okay so that's freaky so
I haven't made waffles um ever but I
have me pancakes and I think it's the
same thing so we're just gonna put some
of this mix are you kidding me it
doesn't come in a bag I knew not to
trust Jemima yeah bitch about mess that
is
Jemima Paul cell I'm gonna use this
little orange Cup I got in a target
because it's almost Halloween oh my god
Paula Werne how the Queen really know
this Queen is not hollow she is still I
haven't even what that means okay so
let's put this in here just enough for
one waffle and let's add some water and
let's mix okay so I'm mixing this
together and I'm confused
also Jemima hello messy Queen ooh
it's ready okay so here's the mix and
then we're gonna add the black food
coloring so I'm just gonna add like the
whole camp oh oh oh that never doesn't
smell like camp oh okay
oh my god that's like purple okay that's
fucking galaxy but when I do that today
save that for another day
wait galaxy would be so pretty no no
Jamie Wow
I hope one day galaxies race okay it's
getting darker just looking more and
more purple I'm just gonna keep going
yeah I feel my insides to die whoo oh
fuck oh yeah this is gonna work oh we're
close now we're not it still looking
purple why is this not working
all right I was going to spray for
literally like forever how was your
guys's day really she did it's fine
she's gonna die one day
no I promise well how much do you want I
could do it for that how do you want me
to do it
a shovel kind of old school but uh
alright throw in a Crunchwrap supreme it
all throwing my trunk now I'll get rid
of it I have some tricks you mind if I
galaxy the Bobby yeah let's see what
okay Oh
oh my god Oh the grossest looking thing
I've ever seen and there's a mirror in
there okay okay time to put this in our
walk liar hold on I should get a
close-up Oh God
well look at that there is some minion
in there that turned black
oops so let's just pour this on here and
then I guess do we just close it
oh god please work okay I think it might
work what do I do now
do we just wait do I look no don't
should I do a mug haul I have so many
mugs so this is my elephant mug and this
is my binge mug
Thanks hopefully and this is my squirrel
mug fucking you over obviously have my
Wendy mug how you do and then I have my
draft wearing glasses mug I don't know
this one just makes me feel part oh okay
it's smoking next time I'll show you my
plates is it ready
oh um oh that is not black and not a
waffle close that up and wait a few more
minutes okay time for my plates so this
is my deer with birds in his hair and
this is my sassy zebra look at him
judging you and this is my cute little
owl hoo-hoo who watches this shit Oh al
don't be so sassy
that blue breath job now seriously who
the fuck watching this shit I used to
watch but I went to college and I'm
smart now now I read books I've actually
had somebody say that to me in real life
so that was fun okay back to the waffle
big reveal
okay um alright well let's try to take
it out of the maker and see what happens
oh it's coming out Oh yummers
oh look all the plastics card off the
waffle iron that means it's all in here
now well that's safe okay oh that was a
little minion eyeball just sizzling in
there great bill plus size Barbie hair
nice okay so what Oh stiltedly
okay alright I guess let's just keep
spraying her down and maybe eventually
it will be black alright okay that kind
of works here wait let's get another
plate oh my god guys look we fucking did
it a fucking black waffle beaut
that looks great I mean you know kind of
just looks like a smashed dead bug
definitely doesn't look appetizing
eating it would well probably give you
few diseases but hey it's black okay so
now let's add some syrup which we have
two black
first okay so buttersworth oh god I just
realized how scary this is fucking
dipping it out of the top of her head
Oh Shane I just love being in your
kitchen it's so much fun oh my god I
don't brain function now because my
brain is god I love cookie okay let's
add some black food coloring to that
whew you got to feel that okay that's
fucking purple why is it helpful mrs.
buttersworth is Nick fuck all right see
how that looks
oh my god that looks cool oh this is fun
I'm having fun look at that oh my god
fuck oh oh oh oh we're getting eggs
bitch we're doing egg bitch
okay first of these eggs Mon yeah no
shell riot I am a fucking chef today I'm
so proud all right should we do one
scrambled one over easy or just both
over easy
oh so complicated being a fucking chef
well let's just let this sit for a
second and then decide now fuck it let's
scramble one of them yeah alright okay
so let's start black applying the
scrambled eggs yeah Oh Oh what the fuck
am i doing all right all right a little
more spray okay and then Oh God
okay this is the scariest part we have
to try to clip this fucking egg without
cracking it okay
one two three oh I fucking did it
fuck yeah yeah yeah yeah beat beat beat
beat beat okay it definitely looks more
purple than it does black but it still
kind of works alright
I made death okay so I have my black
lawful and black eggs I'm ready to eat
okay first let's pop open that yolk and
see what that's gonna fuckin
like I'm gonna give you a hint not good
all right here we go whoo that's kind of
pretty
ah its last of my Puckett eyes kinda
looks like when you're using a
highlighter and you like highlight
sharpie and then it kind of gets all
fucked up and mixed together and you
like mad and you kind of hate yourself
yeah I wanna fuck it I ruin my fucking
highlighter it's just like that okay
let's take a bite ooh I'm nervous all
right let me try to get a piece that
doesn't have toy on it something you
only say when eating at my house okay so
we got a little piece of waffle here a
little piece of egg let's see how it is
do can you see that oh all right here we
go I was good okay it fucking Hey
all right oh it was good until yeah I
think I got a piece of the maintenance
goggles whole house but besides that it
was good
where you girls go it was me making and
trying black breakfast really and I'm
sorry
hey guys go you want me to make more
black food please leave me some comments
like if you know what kind of black
widows make next I'll say give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe my
channel right down below cuz I'm a new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos let me make you black
food I made black pizza and black nachos
I'll put a link to a playlist right top
of the description bro guys I will see
you a little black wall
bye my god first of all how old are you
here fourteen you act like that's all
woman I just somebody I don't see here
go house baby though I look very good
