guys freaking out
baby and fucking my queen Wow why did
you say yesterday because I love yoga
yes no okay excited you guys to go any
was my queen thank everything I'm using
Lee Suggs
it's always very fast about definitely
everybody should speak but anything I
wash to clean and I partake in her robot
arm and I have my life and now she's
here so on her channel she taught me how
to musically it's used to robot arm and
I actually like heat I screamed out I'll
check that out but no we're going to do
something a little more intense in serie
for you we're going to be watching some
musical ease and react it to them some
of which might be yours okay I'm not
prepared I mean this is hard though
first like you because you know these
people right yes are that way cuz
they're like drama magnet cause drama
no I don't think I don't ask for Gingka
so we'll do happen yeah he's 12
right that's good alright well hopefully
I don't cause any musically drama around
um and hopefully you don't think this is
good Yankees are good we're gonna
problem okay
I see yeah Wow I like at the Carol girl
is this what you want no like oh girl
like this right no I mean Jacob must be
like what are you doing up you can't you
go down together
no originally it's pretty good really
that was ready oh wow
it says mm whew why don't you like
another 15 or so he's caught to default
yes exactly I wish I could be like cool
what's her late I'm already cool front
side side take it down low take it back
up I okay what Kirby he should kill
you're trying to buy the positive the
man she swung her body side inside and
then suggested wearing off I did not
like that were you doing average no
marriage hey soccer yeah a fucking away
we're gonna make that dangle no wait
north to south she said wait make that
thing go north oh by the way though it
is good like educational because I
thought I was dying
another hurry but I do partake in the
costumes they basically wear them in
half they play soccer
what is this okay
you know these people are these your
friends
no no no no wrong yeah oh yeah we all
row what was that song that's not
appropriate for children ready
do you hate that would be such of people
no okay tell them you need to Kalama
okay you're their fucking robot body
you guys get like terminators and ruin
the world
no be good can you do that yeah I think
in my hands not one of those I feel very
calm I gotta go things you should ride
education baby Ariel okay she was
talking about something you know when
you're in barbecue and cookout oh yes
and you're eating a hot dog yes and then
you choke on it
oh okay she says it doesn't what it was
okay although if I'm looking at her in
her age I'm hoping that she she hasn't
printed up barbecue I hope I got a sound
I only ever choked on yeah
he's gonna attitude of people to bag
brother was dead really dead in a
floating floating like somebody bury me
already look at how much I'm sweating
I'm late I'm excited I'm nervous I'm
like sweating a cringing it and it's my
queen I think about who this is called
emo musically cringe even with emo is I
know I like it looks like people who are
ready it looks like that was neither be
apparent what do you do I'm sorry baby
that was so just - you media props yeah
fucking name he pulled a shotgun in his
hand he pulled a shirt off he was in a
different location there was a turn now
it's cool actual possession there we
just wait I got that before it might be
using this but he was oh thank you
I'm just glad the Albertine is back I'm
gonna she's so relevant but she'll
around like I just happy I ha oh he's
good I'm yeah I like him oh my god sorry
you know what I like - he's shaky and
weird but also he gets a little sexual
but not tonight
like he did a little bit of that that
he's stopped he's dead doing it I love
it drag a club okay look II was sitting
all right now it's time to look at a
couple of oh oh oh my god
first of all how old are you here 14 you
act like a soul woman I just hide out
here go house baby
yeah though I look very different blew
up your run like an all nasty so yeah
not one day boy sure I think I still
have that actually you had no makeup on
flowed all that you had no jewelry club
blown up ah fuck it
Gloria I enjoyed actually painting I'm
good they were purple and I'd take it
over hell my Senate like the Purple's
help don't like it in the middle of your
club
Oh
were ready public service you know so
here we go I was young here we go
and I didn't know waiting words you know
maybe I'm sorry okay
I did that same apology when I like 25
oh I can't watch Ellen look at your room
hold on that's right am i right
character do you think know you were in
there doing that yes they were okay with
it
yes what were you guys I'll be right
back but I can't do that I love the
adidas Jackie you're very forgiving yeah
yeah by the way I love it
you've been just gonna sit with me -
thing on your parents anymore
curse together a future oh wow it's
really not going to stress hold on I'm
just so mad if I was your friend and I'm
sitting there you need to show me do we
know musically at the same time we're
all through there let me go three bucks
what you think you sleep how many do I
got
what's the worst thing you've ever done
musically that you're like oh my god I
want that bird from you oh god I think
that one really thought they were like
oh that was really not good what else do
I do
I did one one date with it like in a
bathing suit
I know okay why are you trying to clean
your image I want ya the base yeah no
wanna be your man sir sorry miss I need
to be the banner bitch of musically but
also you're sweet and you have morals
and you're not a ho but you could play a
bad thing okay and Brandt we gotta watch
a couple of mine mine are really bad so
I want you to like give me criticisms
and judgment I am ready
okay
I let yourself
I like the facials the facial
expressions see I can't even do that
don't do that
is it I look at that isn't it sad as
though no but don't you feel bad for her
don't you look at that and go oh my god
I don't ever want to be thirty like
isn't that in your head no I don't want
to be that no a little bit
what are you are you okay so let me
explain that's because my room back
there is haunted
oh yeah yes okay if you believe this huh
yes it is if you walk in there and feel
like stiff and cold and you kind of like
that's just when you feel like you walk
out you're like another you feel like
when you leave my house every wise
furnace it's scary yeah oh my god guys I
believe this that was incredible I feel
like we cringed I feel like we live a
great weddin and we very successful we
scream oh yeah it's freaky I can't go to
those furry what is it
no yeah yeah nice don't worry I was good
hi guys go leave enjoy the cringe I
don't leave it give it a big thumbs up
because we've cringe did not it weren't
a thumbs up for being a bad bitch thank
you every single day and oh go over her
channel and subscribe because we did a
video we're shopping and making
musically and it would be made an
awesome music it was literally
everything I was having I'm a music now
and ready for my new muse your life
exactly so alright guys it was so good
cracker I feel really sad right hi
because I feel like I embarrass myself
in front of the Queen no you didn't you
saw my bad music yeah are you okay did
you feel all this left
oh yeah the word fridge has a D in it
right bridge okay yeah bridge I fucking
see that the word refrigerator which is
just a longer version of fridge does not
fucking dig in it it's felt like this
when you run on vanilla
no because I have more this is a really
funky
