hey guys we're doing scary they do is
we're going to scary music scary what's
your story voice yes as you guys know
tinnitus conspiracy videos on her
channel too we did one I know one so we
decided today that collab why don't we
talk more about the conspiracy that we
can't stop talking about dela no I
genuinely believe the fucking ago
actually famous book actually I hate
when people just talking about it
get your an e like I fucking I Stan it
I've been there since day one Mandela
effect calm I knew Mandela before her
glow up yeah I knew her when she was
just like in like a subcategory on
reddit you know who she was
okay so I've compiled up a list of all
the new Mandela effects that I didn't
know about you might know of you but
they freaked me the fuck everybody okay
first one
chick-fil-a have you heard about this
one no okay so chick-fil-a I don't
really go to but I've seen the sign all
the time obviously I know in my head the
chip play sign looks like this yeah no
that is it no it's always been
chick-fil-a with a cane but they know
right that's so fucked up this is why I
stand them at home and that's so fucked
up fuck you chick-fil-a fuckin shit
sorry you're never even sponsored by no
and she fully came out about this cuz
everybody's been tweeting recently cuz
like I think it just happened yeah Matt
you plays like oh no it's always been a
kay like stop talking about this like
you're making something out of literally
no it has no it has always been a see
because I've been like that spelled
wrong when I was a kid I
so shook and this is not a thing but I
didn't even know what this at all really
okay freaky you know how all other
mendel effects I feel like happened like
a long time you look embarrassing very
Berenstein bears well I'm like it you
feel you have in a long time about it
I feel like this just happened shut up
Chicago so here's what some people think
some people think this is really creepy
that the world was supposed to end in
2000 like remember the people yelling
were born no I do remember so that's why
to cave is it this whole thing that the
world's gonna end right so some people
think that the world did end and we look
to a parallel universe and that's what
the Berenstein and all that other stuff
then people think the world ended again
on 20012 yep and that's when the okay
this one I specifically remember
literally a month ago buying this and
seeing this label okay and now it's
different
okay Kit Kat no okay so kick that right
kit - Kat Kit Kat and van know it's
never had a - wait that's fucked up
there are you that's not true that's not
true this is second-ever wrong in 1942
this load even you never had a touch and
I looked at Google it's never had I even
went to my fucking candy box fee that's
what it's all in KitKat
that's like it like it's not it's not
enough I don't believe it that's like
wrong yeah I feel like somebody made
this and it's not there's someone on
Twitter me
no need a new graphic designer kick-ass
oh this one is business can actually
destroy your life have you ever played
the game Monopoly yes actually see
another little guy monopoly man tell me
how he looks like describe this is like
a little guy does he wear a hat like bio
like no like what is he famous for no no
no he's famous for having the monocle
he's like oh yeah I got the monocle do
you know I know what a monocle is what I
don't like
well I do and I was the biggest Monopoly
fan literally of all time I would play
that shit all the time because it'll
take 12 hours you didn't need friends is
great
well the monopoly guy has never okay
you're right this doesn't look great his
face is literally always have the little
fucking dangling lot of people that are
dressed as a monopoly guy they all have
a monocle just so legitimately emerge oh
we have a barge of you is like little
kid shame I want it
no that one freaks me out because like
like genuine he's always had a monocle
that's why he's famous because he's the
rich guy a little Monaco no money no
yeah I believe that I would like he
looks different there I see you're like
like if you look up pictures of monopoly
man no no there's none of him with a
mohawk and the people who made monopoly
on the Bradley I think this
okay they put out a statement to saying
that he's never had monocle yes okay
lock it still stuff doesn't take away
one okay this one I don't know if it's
really Mandela as much as it might be
like my brain just can't process
spelling the word fridge has a ding in
it right British ok fridge I fucking see
that the word refrigerator which is just
a longer version of fridge it's not like
this but you run out of refrigerator you
know the people probably did you like
amazing more than anything because I'm
like okay now this one is actually crazy
you might be too young for this the show
I Love Lucy
so desi arnaz who is the husband he
always had this catchphrase
and there's memes of it like everybody's
quoted in movies and he goes Lucy you
have some splainin see a search and then
the people who wrote the shell aren't
dead but big fans of the show have been
like no he's never said that I like how
when you imitated them was anything ever
it was fuck man we fucked those people
Loki knocks but isn't that crazy because
literally when I was a kid I used to
watch that all the time I rerun
but like well you have to be actually
eighty times D nobody from the 50s oh
speaking of this is another quote from a
movie that never happened have you ever
seen sign saloons I think so okay so
it's Hannibal Lecter he's oh yes so the
most famous line from that movie is when
he goes hello Clarice that's like the
most famous like they even talked about
it in like some Jim Carrey movie here's
a clip can I have your skin sure check
this out he never said that this is so
fucked like all these movie things that
like people said and now they're saying
like they never said them and it was
like Luke I am your father
I don't like I don't understand look I
don't get it at all here's an actual
clip from from that moment besides Lance
where he just says good morning Jenna
moaning so if you didn't say hello
Louise you did not say that sucks
that's literally I feel like I've seen
that on shirts too in like stores and
shit like that
shirts me but so the guy is my fucking
face yeah the guy stays his with the
quote like that's a big that's all I
understand is I feel like oh my god we
should walk not that we've ever get in
touch with them but these actors from
the movie shut up like what if the actor
couldn't movies like I said that and
then he watches movies like not set down
oh my god wait that's actually so weird
if you think about it like hitting a
factory why did you say what it I wonder
what they would remember right
like is that one thing girls so I can't
get in touch with him but BuzzFeed you
probably can make it happen okay
this one it might just be like fuck up
but it actually I'm just like not the
other like five just like no just the
one huh well that's it how many sickness
all I'm really saying is like that much
that's on deck the halls with like it
literally know what it is that's how is
it always indexed the hall playlist
damn the whole that's not it okay this
one's crazy too so remember I'm gonna
tell you something you tell me this okay
so in the woods by like campgrounds
there's a bunch of signs for a bear
who's telling you not to light fires
what's his name
Smokey the Bear is it or is it just
Smokey Bear why would he be Smokey Bear
if he doesn't want smoke yeah I know
that literally makes absolutely no sense
that makes absolutely no sense
no and then we can be view page if you
look at this smokey bears in America
like II literally say his name's smoking
there I'm really even like
five-year-olds we were I really that
one's also recent yeah that one is
definitely only that was definitely just
like Smokey Bear look you know I don't
know where okay this one is kind of
confusing to me if I also don't know
anything about fashion
have you heard about the color
chartreuse do you know what that is I
know what this effect is but like I
stand like you make a dinner so the
color is chartreuse I thought forever
that it's like maybe a red or pink or
like in that yeah I'm like short ribs no
I look there even characters named
chartreuse know that we're all in red
pink agilities it was no no it's yellow
green pissed ass yellow pissed the fuck
are you talking about that can't that
literally I think that that was also
recently cuz I was like I remember
coloring like with crayons as a caterer
and then crowns being addressed yeah no
y'all extend like would by its March oh
my god let's get a shirt that's like
pinkish red and it's like oh my god in
1999 okay
last one so this one has been very
controversial it's been like very viral
I'm sure you've seen it I still don't
know where I stand on it cuz it fucks me
up so the Mona Lisa have you heard of
his life
so everybody from who I've talked it
from a higher number remembers the Mona
Lisa not smiling she had like a tiny
mainly tiny hint of a smile eventually
but that's why people call it like a
Monali
smile because it's like the Shamy not
real smile it's literally like just a
hint of it right there's even been songs
about it worth like oh she has the Mona
Lisa smile she's not really smiling
she's frowning yeah mom at least I
haven't got a lot because this is what
she looks like she's smiling with her
eyes desert smiles turn thanks Yaya also
she looks very feet like she looks more
feminine like how does that job things
like facial lipo dr. Simon ourian about
the animal but she has a little cleavage
I feel like she's change I like I
literally sexualizing like no really if
you guys believe any of these like we do
let us know in the comments and give any
more we think Mona Lisa is a freak also
make sure to go over to her channel cuz
we did a crazy video over there where we
did a lot of the battleship maybe we
even had sex I don't know she's 18 now
sorry mom
I'll say this vid subscribe my channel
down below because I make new videos new
thing if I see more videos of me doing
conspiracy theories for her doing
conspiracy theories I'll put a link to a
playlist right below all right you guys
don't leave everything you see that was
so creepy
this next suicide attempt happened in
Phoenix Arizona and it is one of the
most disturbing so a group of people are
watching in Phoenix Arizona as a man
climbed to the top of a 400 foot radio
tower
the police were begging him to come down
the wind is so powerful begins to sway
lose his balance
