heads up you guys you just finished a
podcast with Garrett and drew and we had
them come in we tried fair abraham sex
toys we play with the fake pussy
drew sing a song about fucking a pussy
it was amazing if you want and we talked
about me and Garrett I how we used to
date and how we almost had sex you want
to hear all of that go to SOUTHCOM slash
Shane and friends I'll put the link
right down there have fun
hey guys I just want to give you a quick
warning especially if you are a
headphone user you might want to turn
down the volume on this video cuz bitch
about the brain let me just start by
saying I love America I do I love that
you can marry whoever you want I love
that in certain states you can fuck a
horse and I love that you can
technically marry a roller coaster and
people are cool with it and I'm not
lying
that fucking happened I just keep saying
over and over again just as I'm starting
to go over the edge I just tell them I
bought your foods i want your foods i
want your food but sometimes I think
americo's too damn far and I think that
aliens are gonna start running out of
patience and they're gonna be like you
know but let's ask her with these
motherfuckers cuz they have gone too far
now listen I love a good deep-fried
Twinkie at the fair because you're at
the fucking fair where everybody's huge
no shade it's true and I'm one of them
everybody is either drunk or on drugs
and then you have people that want to
compete in something called a pie-eating
competition where somebody gives em up
high and they try to eat as fast as they
can or as I call it any night that I buy
a pop it's not as fun to win when you're
alone parody was the reason I mad is
because they have brought deep-fried
Twinkies to Walmart yes these are in
stores to buy people can buy these and
eat them not at the fair that's crazy
that's too far
hostess I'm gonna need you to take a
seat I'm gonna need you to find the
hostess I'm gonna need the hostess to
take you to your booth but you need to
sit the fuck down both this it's not
like a lot the fun of a State Fair right
from your oven bench first of all you
know nobody bonding these out Walmart is
gonna even have an oven let alone want
to cook them in an oven and wait 45
minutes you know they're just gonna take
this shit out
throw the microwave for five seconds and
gobble it up
is what I'm gonna do but why why why why
I feel like this is too far look are you
gonna put this in your fucking kids
lunchbox hostess listen we already know
the type of kid who's gonna ask mommy to
buy this he's huge he's also me when I
was a kid so he's already the fat kid at
school now you're gonna make him not
only the fat kid the kid - everybody's
like we gotta watch Billy cuz he
actually is bringing deep-fried objects
to lunch I think he's gonna die soon cuz
if I saw a kid take a deep-fried Twinkie
out of their damn lunch pail I would
call child services Elsa can we just
talk about the back of the box pull I
didn't go in on Miss Houston look at how
they decorated these motherfuckers Oh a
little bit of berries on top a little
bit of powdered sugar bitch know your
audience they are not the type of
motherfuckers no you're gonna do this
they don't even know what a garnish
means they think garnish is probably a
Kardashian and they have never even used
a plate in their life unless it's to
throw it at their damn wife when she
acted up but I'm still what do you give
the chance because hi Shea nice to meet
you I eat everything
great all's it really quick before I eat
that I've talked too much but whatever
it's my fucking channel I want you to
meet my little friend he's a fucking
bird
I got him at Target using the Halloween
section which I don't understand he's
dressed super fucking gay basically me
from 2008 I'm just really excited
because I feel like I have a new friend
I don't - put him right here and he's
just gonna watch me for every video ok
so I already put these in the microwave
you know I wasn't gonna use a damn oven
okay so I'm gonna try the chocolate one
first mainly cuz I've never even tried a
chocolate Twinkie Ivan it up the fuck
that means oh my god there's a very big
grease stain exactly what you want to
see from your lunchtime snack Oh God
alright so we're just going to cut this
in half see what who's is out okay hold
on whoa let me get a whole big that is
not like appetizing hold on this is not
like that look at the box she does not
look like her pictures I'm gonna need to
flag her I might need to send her
account information back to tinder and
say IP catfish because watch first of
all this looks like
glove up she is looking fierce she is
dripping she is fluffy she is tired she
is bur she is dried up she's mean
you can't face - two Twinkie hostess
okay calm down Shane it's just food all
right we're gonna try this let me
squeeze it and see if anything loses out
oh just the saddest little fucking
hostess snack ever see oh look at him
looks like he wants to die all right
let's try I'm giving this chance that's
pretty good I mean how could it no uh-uh
no first of all a hot Twinkie is not
good
second of all it is covered in what
looks like chicken skin which is not
what I want on my Twinkie I don't want
to buy into my dessert and be like
colonel like that's not what I need oh
that's depressing
this makes me mad like not a lot of
things make me mad I'm not even mad
about the presidential election I don't
really care but like if I had to pick
between these two that's harder than
picking the president like where's the
ding dong cuz I vote for her all right
let's try the original I have more hope
for this one cuz I've tried a fried
Twinkie at the fair and it was bomb and
I'm hoping she gives me that fan
realness okay so so far okay not as much
grease so that's good the bottom is gray
that's questionable Oh God oh my god
the smell of this one is very different
this one this one smells good
this one smells right this is my new
president can you imagine president
Twinkie to the stand America I just want
to let you know that I'm going to change
a lot of things around here whether it
will make the center on the money
then how the homeless people find homes
but most importantly I will use all my
new resources to find Little Debbie and
kill that bitch fuck you Debbie you dumb
shit oh you be so cool
cuz you have oatmeal sandwich cookies
guess what bitch nobody likes so you
thought you could get rid me back in
2011 did you ten and guess what bitch
I'm back you thought I was bad what you
got a gone bitch guess what I'm the
mother fuckin prison now bitch and I
will take all your friends and I'm gonna
deep-fry the asses and I'm gonna make
all the motherfuckers at the fair eat
damn it shit there now hashtag make
America fat again um I don't know what
just happened
so what see okay here we go give it to
me president Twinkie give it to me good
I want you to assassinate my ass Twinkie
America Oh America my Twinkies the
shitty little Debbie can't get yourself
be my doing
he will ha ha first of all the phones
everything second of all I'm gonna need
the whole bar I get it now hostess I'm
sorry for making funny I'm sorry for
yelling at you like I say about what I
say when I say that this is gonna kill
people and children are gonna make fun
of a range of school but it is so good
oh my god oh my god
you see this shit you see a lose an
outage oh my god what's the last time a
president ever turns you want like that
huh oh my god they hit aside this might
be honestly I'm not just exaggerating
for video this might be one of the best
desserts I've ever in my life
Wow make America that again let's go
that was me trying deep-fried Twinkies
fucking twist ending I did not think it
was gonna go that way and I did not
think we're gonna find her new president
but I'm excited about it but before I go
I want to give you guys
close up food porn unboxing because I
feel like that's what you guys came for
so let's get into it before time okay
here we go
look at these beautiful little fucking
turds first let's see the mess that they
made oh that's exactly what we want from
our kinky fucking gross wet a hot grease
alright let's open up this first ooh I
hope it's creamy just like the box Wow
look at all of that boy look at all of
that yeah yummy booze it's somewhere in
there hold on let me get it out come on
okay well oh wow it's literally not in
there at all what about the other side
what the fuck
literally nothing YUM oh so delicious oh
I can't wait to put this in my mouth
though it doesn't it all look like
dissecting an actual asshole yeah
totally doesn't look like an animal's
anus kind of like a cat an actual dead
dead cat next Twinkie oh I hope this one
loses all that yummy white gooey oh fuck
actually this one does oh my god okay
okay like that half fuck off this half
Hitler oh my god oh oh it's like popping
a huge back handful oh you've been
saving it for weeks
oh my god every time you wear that
spaghetti strap top I'm like bitch let
me pop at your like down and I'm saving
it for a special occasion what bitch
guess what it's prom night and you won't
let me pop that shit I'll take a bite of
that big-ass bag oh god little people
juice squirt at the bottom ohh oh my god
Oh another one
oh oh
oh and that's dinner I had you guys
hopefully you enjoy the video if you did
please give me a thumbs up also let me
know down the comments what aren't your
try next and if you like see more videos
of me eating crazy foods and Twinkies
and desserts and I have had a lot of
food I'll put a link to a playlist right
at the top of description below and make
sure to subscribe right down below to my
channel because I make new videos every
single card you guys I'll see you little
deep fried Twinkies tomorrow bye I got a
whole pumpkin pie I got piece even
though they're not huh cos I didn't look
like pumpkins next door I got healthy a
butter
I got cooking ice cream I got monkey
cookies I got a nose I got whipped cream
I got cupcakes
I got Oreos huh and I gotta go to the
gym cuz the fact that just wore me out
it's not a good sign
