guys we just did a podcast with the one
B only
we talked about so much ramen we talked
about the combat much controversy about
why he left where he was depression
Shido guess why you get to make a video
with your dad today come down it's a
crazy that when he gets excited he just
looks like he's thinking about his own
death
he's so confusing hey guys yes I am
still sick which means today's video is
gonna be really stupid I'm also wearing
a new sweatshirt this was owned by
Rylands grandma who died and I stole it
from her closet that's my aesthetic
somebody else's dead grandma's clothes
it says I can't remember what I forgot
to forget I relate to that at the moment
because I can't remember who I am or why
I'm here that's how much take Willimon
know I really do love this sweater
though and I really am sad that Rylan's
grandma died because I really liked her
but I like to deal with pain by making
jokes about it because I'm not a healthy
person and I have a lot of issues so
yesterday I was on the couch sick
watching the view and Whoopi Goldberg
did a segment where she showed her
favorite things and one of her favorite
things was cat weed
it's called meow get it meow you wanna
yeah that happened so I know you're
thinking that's a dumb idea and a waste
of money so I bought it not only did I
buy it I bought all of it so today
cheeto is gonna be trying cat weed I'm
sorry you know I don't have anything for
you but if you want to chop up your dog
fooding you can snort it okay so it
actually came in the mail today and I
put it on this table and literally
without even opening it
cheedo went crazy oh my god can smell it
through the box oh that was a crackhead
look I think we found something he likes
more than food yeah it was a lot all
right so let's open it up together okay
I have the goods so I've never actually
seen real weed before I know that's
shocking considering the amount of crazy
food videos I've made and also the fact
that I've made mountain cakes out of
every type of food possible today we're
gonna be making a pizza cake we making a
big ass walk okay syrup oh my god oh my
god oh my god
yes all of those happened without drugs
all right here we go oh my god once
again I've never seen weed but this
looks like what weed looks like in
movies which is not what I thought the
first time I saw boobs sorry mom
oh this is crazy what is this are we
supposed to smoke this all right I'm
gonna give you like an overview shot by
the way this is not sponsored but I
would love a world in which I could
possibly get sponsored by Maui Juwanna
super woman's like the Loreal girl and
I'm like mad you wanna try some oh my
god that looks like weed Oh God little
pad joints do we smoke them I don't
understand how this works
mmm that a jewelry box room spray or
wait do I spray this in his face do
people spray wheat I'm so confused oh
and just for the experience I might have
got a cat dreadlock wait now listen this
is not like culture appropriation that's
not what I'm trying to do but when I
think of weed I think about Marley and
Bob Marley has dreadlocks and I thought
it would be cute on my cat stop coming
for me tumblr oh and I also got this
this is a different company but when I
was looking at cat weed on Amazon I also
found cat wide I loved getting scammed
okay I need to figure out how to open
this I got it
see kids there's something's not working
crush it up against a wall oh my god
look
I have so many thoughts oh my god I have
an idea what if I showed this to
somebody who actually smokes we'd try to
trick them this is not planned I just
thought of this and then what if they
actually try to smoke it it might kill
them but it's worth it
who do I know this suppose weed why are
all my friends sober I feel like to be
around me you almost need to be
overdosed okay I'm gonna call Garrett
cuz I know he has some weed smoking
friends me what I'm literally a grandma
I don't know one of these kids who's a
weed smoker hello do you know any weed
smokers this is not a we brand deal
right I didn't explain what I'm doing
well I'm a big weed smoker now and I'm
Eliza and Christine are shaking
Tanna mojo does she do weed she has to
do something harder than that they're
going to have sex like ten feet away
from me and I'm going to react to it
thank you
okay well have them come over I have
some weed kind of okay thank you beans
okay so I'm setting out all of my cat
weed onto this table the sad thing is I
think I would do this video
not on dayquil okay let's look at this
one huh we gotta try on the wig okay
cheetah temper your makeover okay stop
fighting it stop fighting it I told you
we're replicating Bob Marley it's not
gonna be a scandal okay wait no no no
baby come on
wow I actually relate to him on
something we both love fighting a glow
up okay
have some weed and calm down but baby
out huh he looks so cute you out yeah
okay you want me to take it off okay
I'll take it up okay
do you love me tell me you love me okay
that's fighting me well tell me let me
oh I love our bond okay oh no let's try
the wig on you I feel like you're more
into drag oh my god go show Dad your new
hair go show Manila oh crap okay
unintentionally now a beard okay so
Garrett's friend is on his way over so
we can prank him with the fake cat weed
but first let's try it on cheeto do you
want to come and give our cat drugs
welcome to the cat drug lair my gosh so
is this how we eat comes in like a jar
yeah I'm normally like one of these but
if you're storing your pot at home then
you can use a mason jar or you can have
a little pot treasure chest kind of like
this I love your new weed DIY channel
laurdiy are we high right now
is that too much is he gonna overdose I
mean let's see what happens I mean what
I'm a parent we oh my god he likes it
Oh cute oh fuck oh this is not gonna go
well come on baby god
I mean he's acting stoned already yeah
the fact that he's not attacking me
right now I'm trying to rip off my skin
means that he's really high he likes it
oh my god the cow finally likes me all I
had to do was give him drugs not for you
we I don't know if that's needed you
know the weed was for you not the drugs
no spray get him going okay I don't
quite understand the spray like do we
you're just gonna spray it on his head
oh wait he's acting crazy
I'm not crazy this spray is nuts wait
he's actually acting kind of crazy right
now
he's like paranoid he's scared he's
confused he wants to do a collab with
Tina mojo he wants to be a rapper oh my
god oh my god he's crazy did use even
drop wait I want the spray okay get some
of me doing my cat drugs can I actually
spray this mm oh I have no idea he's
acting crazy what if he starts talking
what if he starts rapping bad caddy
no bitch why whores it's
oh my God he's actually stunned Shane
look at this we were halfway did we give
him too much and write about dad he only
had a little bit oh my God look at him
he's stripping oh my god don't give him
a snapchat it looks like he's gone oh
let me take the weed away from him are
you I think it's working
I've never seen you high before do you
extreme yeah definitely
let's do it just for a night okay should
I try the spray boo I'm so crazy I'm so
wild
it smells horrific we it's burning I
think I don't know did you not see what
should a human not be drinking Matt nib
okay well let's light it up I guess yeah
oh no I actually do want to try lighting
and Joey I mean yeah joy yeah I'm gonna
get to Mia wanna okay do you know how to
do that no I mean yeah I'm cool nice
grandma sweater oh actually that is
literally from my grandma I already told
them I needed to get approval from you I
said she was dead
Shane but I said it loved her but I
stole her sweater okay she goes back for
more weed and know he's going crazy we
can't have this I'm gonna have to kick
you out wait
I ain't even read the instructions
before I do that let me light it up so
do I just like do this yeah and then
white it and believe it in I don't think
you're supposed to okay this smells like
my brother I mean not now but like when
you smoke Liam nice cooling you got
kicked out long story man the flame
already went out do you don't know how
to use a lighter either Shane there we
go
what I'm gonna win dy like this that's
how I feel right now okay well let's
just leave this here someone Caleb walks
in he'll think that we're just like
hitting a doobie right okay we need to
get the animals away from the fake drugs
look at him Chito literally looks like
he's was a robber car but this is a good
photo for Instagram snapshot okay we're
not instagramming right now we're doing
fake drugs with our pets actually wait
maybe look he's all high and these
artists little house oh my god he just
licked me he's stoned if you put your
hand back you bite it oh my god I
figured it out I just have to give him
drugs now I get why some crazy moms give
their babies alcohol I'm not having kids
a video just a little bit in the bottle
a little only nipple little fireball
here works oh my god rum chata and a
baby bottle it'll look like milk like
when you're in public baby hacks nobody
wants to exercise okay we relating to
him less I think I'm gonna pass out
I don't feel good well I mean that stuff
did smell awful if I died right now
mm-hmm can you still look at this no
we're gonna leave you here and we're
gonna go talk to Garrett's weed smoking
friend being a druggie mom is a lot I
actually need to read the instructions
it's organic
once you spill all over the disorder
it's wet okay it says it stimulates
exercise it's safe and not addictive it
doesn't say human shouldn't light it
wait yes it does it literally says not
for human consumption and then
it says cuz duh why would you smoke why
would you smoke yeah we won oh yeah no
they say no humans oh I forgot
we also cat wine ooh actually I want
some of that okay it says don't drink if
you're human but we're already gonna die
so your first oh my god hi the cat Lane
okay that looks real right okay don't
tell him he doesn't know hi come on in
because it is so Caleb how much weed you
smoke I smoke most days most of them
well I have a surprise for you I heard
it's your birthday
well it's almost Christmas so I have
prepared over here for you a table
filled with all types of weed just oh
don't look at the labels cuz they're
like just ignore those
but look very new-age dispensary they
just opened yeah Amazon well first of
all like does this look like high
quality weed um it it looks a little
different how much money does like that
much wheat cost I would say is that like
what like $100 I'm a broke person who
smokes weed
I smoke smoke so I also have lead spray
have you ever done that yeah yeah what
is it like CBD or I mean wow turns oh
yeah I think it's like CB CB tea with
like a little BB cream and some Mickey
D's I don't know it's like a lot of
different things you just give it a
spray oh don't put it in your mouth
oh is that what it smells like we yeah
no so you probably don't think this is
weed right it kind of looks like maybe
it's fake weed
well what if like stevia or something
what stevia isn't it away bilenda packet
no this is actually come on oh my god
wait he's selling hi he literally
doesn't want to leave that couch it's
carried it's cat weed yeah so I don't
know what that means and I have you over
here to see if I could trick you but it
didn't work but also we don't quite
understand how we'd work so we don't
know if we're supposed to have him eat
it or snort it cuz this is I can't weed
suppose the cat supposed to smoke this
joint this I mean you can try to smoke
it we tried it in work yeah I mean
nothing's gonna happen if this thing's
over
oh maybe tear it off okay oh wow oh my
god see that's how you do it I'm in art
please don't die
oh my god did you do it oh my god oh my
god wait are you okay
please don't die wait I'm blacking out
and I think I'm blacking out are you
blocking out don't pass out this if you
die do it outside of my house cuz I
can't there's already demons you want to
take a pop oh my god yeah it looked way
cooler when he did it I'm like getting a
little bit all right thank you
let's replay that with the whole music
in slow motion no this actually is
making me sick I think I'm gonna pass
out this was a bad idea
but thank you for coming yeah thanks for
having me over all right well I guess we
should try to put a joint in his mouth
oh my god oh my god why am i proud yeah
oh my god with his fingers holding it oh
my god oh that's a Jeff that's a name me
with my weed somebody tweet it come on I
think he's over the drugs it was a
really short phase yeah oh my god wow
he's really back on Glee oh okay so
after all of that craziness I think it's
time for a drink
should we get some cute wine glasses
those are we oh my god give it to him in
a wine glass
come on cheeto come on baby he doesn't
care he doesn't care about the alcohol
he's already moved on to weed all right
let's try it ourselves here's to me and
you and us probably getting poisoned
Cheers
what you know I could gag from that you
try it
I know you don't know what this tastes
like but that tastes like pee how do you
know what that tastes like
I don't know alright it's time for my
final review it doesn't look like real
weed humans probably shouldn't eat it
I know amount of fake cat drugs will
make my cat left me and I also literally
turn this into a sweatshirt come on
Chino come say bye okay he's not
growling oh do you know what do you
think what's your official review did
you like your cat weed he sees it goes
that literally is what's happening right
now hi guys I'm gonna go hopefully enjoy
this dumbass video I'm sick I promise my
videos will be slightly less stupid and
I'll be slightly less sweaty that's a
lie make sure to give this video a
thumbs up the future in the end
subscribe to my channel right down below
and in the notification about cuz I may
never know is ever like oh my god if you
guys want a Cheeto hop suck it
it's available on my Amazon story a
Masonic up slashing does it I honestly
don't know which ones more evil hide you
guys I'll see you later bye are you
flossing oh my god I gotta go bye
