hey what's up guys my name is destory
and welcome back to another what the
fuck 5 so 4 days list we'll be talking
about a very interesting topic to me and
that is serial killers ever since I was
about 13 I just thought serial killers
were super creepy super terrifying so
for today's list we'll be going over the
5 most terrifying serial killers to ever
exist also just for warning you guys
there will be a lot of creepy details
and pictures in this video so you know
just in case you get bothered by that
kind of stuff but let's get into it
number 1 EDG apart from being fantastic
scary movies the Texas Chainsaw Massacre
psycho and the Silence of the Lambs also
have another thing in common they're all
based off the real-life account of Ed
Gein who was a prolific serial killer in
the 1940s a man who is known around the
town of plains field Wisconsin as the
handyman no one could have guessed that
in his spare time he was dismembering
women's bodies to create a woman suit
that looks like his late mother so he
could literally crawl inside her skin
what started as grave robbing quickly
turned into the murder and dismembering
of local women which he decapitated and
made them into furniture around his
house police searched his home in 1957
they discovered bowls made of human
skulls a belt made of human nipples
several decapitated heads he wore as
masks and a lampshade made from a face
ed Dean spent the rest of his life in an
insane asylum where he died from cancer
in 1984 number 2 John Wayne Gacy and
especially terrifying killer John Wayne
Gacy was dumped the name the killer
Klown as his day job was to be a clown
that entertained children at birthday
parties okay I'm already terrified
enough of normal clowns but a clown that
kills people fuck no nope nope nope
but between the years of 1972 in 1978
Gacy killed more than 33 young boys and
men which he lured to his home and
proceeded to rape asphyxiate and finally
murder them when he was caught in 1980
police found 26 dead bodies in the
crawlspace of his home the youngest
identified victim being only ten years
old Gacy was sentenced to death in 1980
where he then spent 14 years on death
row before being put to death by lethal
injection in 1994 number three Javad
Iqbal a pakistani killer javadi baal
killed more than 100 children ranging
for the age from 6 to 16 in a letter he
claimed to have strangled and
dismembered all of the victims before
dissolving them in hydrochloric acid and
dumping them in the sewer
he was later caught by the authorities
in 1999 because he kept the children's
clothing which he hung around his house
as a trophy
also in his home several bloodstains
could be seen on the walls as well as
photographs of his victims being trapped
inside plastic bags Iqbal was sentenced
to death by hanging with the judge who
passed his sentence saying you will be
strangled to death
in front of the parents whose children
you kill your body will be cut up into a
hundred pieces and put an acid the same
way you killed the children fuck
Pakistan does not mess around Jesus
Christ
number 4 Henry Howard Holmes a man with
a moustache almost as legendary as his
crimes considered to be America's first
serial killer Holmes built what is
referred to as the Chicago murder castle
in 1893 what used to be a pharmacy
Holmes turned into a hotel where he
would rent rooms to people as a trap to
lure them into a place where he could
kill them in some of the rooms he
constructed various death traps and in
the basement was a torture chamber where
he would cut up and burn the bodies that
just fucks me up like imagine you're in
a hotel just you know wanting to rent a
room and you have no idea that it's all
just an elaborate fucking plan to get
you killed
fuck no nope nope
also the entire saw series was inspired
by the death traps Holmes would
construct and what's also interesting is
that some people believe that Holmes
could in fact be a prime suspect for the
Jack the Ripper killings in London as
Holmes was also in London during the
same time Holmes was also fascinated by
the female anatomy which could explain
why Jack the Ripper cut out women's
uteruses uteri
uterus is you know I don't know one of
those while only being charged with 29
murders it was suspected that it could
have been as high as 200 finally at
number 5 is Richard Trenton chase also
known as the vampire of Sacramento
Richard Trenton chase may be easily the
most fucked up out of all the people on
this list and while you may think of a
vampire as a sparkly dick hole with poor
taste and women chase is far from a
lovable fictional character a man who
spent time in a mental hospital for
tracking down animals and eating them
alive soon escalated into killing people
drinking their blood and eating their
body parts he also admitted to making
people smoothies by grinding up body
parts and drinking it with coca-cola
fuck there's a good Africa coke it's so
good it makes body parts taste good
she's also apparently with fill bathtubs
full of his victims blood and bathe in
it while masturbating oh fuck when he
was finally caught he admitted to
queuing 6 people in this fashion and was
sentenced to death before being put to
the electric chair however he took his
own life in a prison cell
well I'm sufficiently creeped out
might've helped if I didn't include this
creepy music in the background but this
is a video about serial killers what was
I supposed to do include this shit
serial killers everything's awesome yeah
that is it for this episode of what the
fuck five though hopefully you guys
enjoyed it and if you did make sure to
leave a comment in the comment section
down below if you know one of the serial
killers that creeped you out the most
cuz they're all pretty fucking creepy it
also really fascinating I don't know why
this is kind of shit this always
fascinated me so I don't know I don't
know also if you haven't already make
sure to subscribe to my channel at
youtube.com slash Captain des des I
don't upload as creepy videos as this
but I probably will in the near future
Lord knows I'm a creepy motherfucker
that's it I will see you next time for
another creepy what the fuck five and
Fairwinds
