it's fucking pumpkin season boots hands
me guys yesterday I'm in front of a
bunch of pumpkin flavored shit and I'm
wearing my turkey shirt and you know
what that means
I'm fat and I have no sense of style
also it's fall so yes I decided since
its fall we should make a fucking epic
pumpkin flavored shit milkshake so I
have everything I have pumpkin spice
coffee flavor
I have pumpkins my cereal I have cookies
i crackers eye candy corn I love
cupcakes
I got a fucking pumpkin spice cappuccino
because I'm why just fuck I got a whole
pumpkin pie
I got piece even though they're not okay
Simon they look like some kids and
that's Joe I got honking butter I got
cooking ice cream like a pumpkin cookies
I got angles I got whipped cream I got
cupcakes I got Oreos huh and I gotta go
to the gym because the fact that just
wore me out
it's not a good sign huh good thing I
had some water to drink clogging my
arteries yeah so we are going to put all
this fucking pumpkin shit together I
make a milkshake
also is gonna be like a tasting video
cuz I haven't tried like any of this
shit well exactly
ice cream cuz you know kinda heavy get
into that a little bit last night and I
might have already had cookie or two
definitely had a few handfuls of that
candy corn so okay I've tried it all
okay let's get started okay so I have my
blender here which has been through so
much this blender needs therapy just
like her Danny she's seen a lot shit so
I'm thinking at first we should
obviously put in a whole pie because I
feel like that's like the foundation for
the shape like part of me was like we
should just put in a slice and then I'm
like hi nice to meet you I'm Shane and
like that's serving okay so let's just
dump his whole pie in the blender this
is not gonna work all right here we go
oh God Oh what did I just make oh my god
oh I have seen that video online and I
bookmarked it all right there we go just
drop that in oh my god oh this is gonna
be great
well I want you to squish that pie down
a little
more which is what that video was go
alright oh this is gonna be fun
oh okay next we need some liquids
obviously so it's pouring that delicious
for rabbit you these are fucking good by
the way
I used to hate on these and I think
that's just because I hated being white
oh that was too much oh fuck now there's
no room for literally anything else um
we're gonna have to pour some of that
out
oh no he not did the sink into my throat
oh my god
Starbucks start selling this or don't
you would actually kill millions of
people
fast happy fall okay now I'm just gonna
put in some of this pumpkin butter this
shit is fucking fuck up okay no first I
need to get something in that butter how
about a pumpkin Oreo bitch now targeted
help honking Oreos the Trader Joe's have
pumpkin jojo's and you know I'm all
about some cheap ass get a ripoff shit
like the check in order the polls you
know which goes to bowls goals
motherfucking clothing store if I grab a
clothing store
okay so just look at this little baby oh
my god let's get carving some fucking
pumpkin butter bitch oh my god you see
that well oh I'm gonna put a whole jar
in there bit ahh
oh are you in there pop it off oh my God
he's fucking these bitch I'm sorry I
kept calling you bitch I'm a trash these
trash hostess fucking pumpkin spice
cupcakes bitch what how did you do this
like I've seen it red velvet I've seen
it straight-up chocolate I've never seen
a pumpkin I love it it's 2016 and
hostess is okay just like exploring new
genders she's like you know what I'm
tired of two flavors bitch I'm gonna
have three oh let's just put that bitch
in there we're blue what's this Oh hold
on I know we already have a cupcake
these are like little cupcakes with
fucking frosting on them
drooling okay so look how cute you're
everything I was thinking bitch Wyatt
okay I gave it away
oh you're gonna make a level Oh happy
fucking fall okay sorry I just need a
little taste
Oh BOM oh my god those are not a lot of
air Parker's bitch that's a bomb all
right let's just put a couple of those
in there put some candy cords in there I
know these are technically like pumpkin
flavor but daddy likes but we also have
a pumpkin hot latte I was thinking this
would be good because like it's classic
has good pumpkin flavor and it might
like melt some of our ingredients
Oh God oh my god okay I'm too excited
I'm nervous why is there nobody else
here with me I need like a hug I'm just
really excited right now about
everything pumpkin cookies
oh I don't know who made these there
from Ralph's so like I'm assuming one of
your guys's mom's and can you please
tell her that she killed it cuz look at
these look how fucking puffy these
bitches are look at her she is
full-figured and she gives no fucks like
they wanted a quiver in Spanx and she's
like nah bitch I like to be puffed out
oh my god and you just like take these
two things and oh my god oh my god her
pumpkin ice cream nice to meet Jeff why
don't stay a while and we can fucking
footage some ice cream
in between be fucking puppy ass cookies
at your mom made oh my god oh my god oh
my god done I know I've said bitch too
much in this video but bitch suck yeah i
hate when i snort just can't hand brace
it
bitch let me yet Oh put the whole thing
in there oh my God look at it bubble
what else oh I have no idea what this
means this is called a pennant chum
panettone I don't know whatever it is it
looks like a huge thick dick actually a
short thick day it's me
basically oh my god I've always been
wanting a nickname for my penis and I
just figured it up panettone bitch you
want to nibble this panettone no milk oh
my god what ha literally is what is this
but what is oh why this is actually my
name oh my god this is like a guy with
the world's biggest dick look have you
seen that and it looks like this and
ever he's like dan you must be so lucky
and he's like nobody wants to fuck this
you fuck this
you killed a bitch okay let's just bite
it it actually let's tear this shit hmm
oh my god oh my god what the hell is in
the center of it
Oh bitch oh my god oh my god oh my god
how have I never known about these this
is like a doughnut of bagel and a fan
with fucking cream inside oh okay no
she's getting in our shake she's getting
it now oh my ah what else oh we have
these these are pumpkin spice mini
weights
nobody wanted her to come to the party
and she came anyways and like now it's
like awkward cuz we're like oh there's
Sally did you invite her
no she just saw the invite on Facebook
and copy and paste it into her phone
green no Sally no stay you can stay yeah
you have a song request Oh Cody Simpson
that's fun
get the bitch out I'm kidding I love
Cody Simpson we fucked once now we did
alright let's try these oh they are
orange just what I want from my cereal
Sally go home next okay
we have these Milano cookies now these
were like what rich kids used to have in
their houses and I'd be like Oh where's
like the little Debbie's are like the
chips are boiling like we don't have
those that we do have bananas lemon
flavored it kind of tastes like you have
a breath mint in your mouth lady - no
chocolate
I like you're dining with the Queen yeah
then go fuck themselves well that's
gonna dry anyways
being rich is better like this is bond
motherfucking rich kids get everything
cut to mean putting hundreds of dollars
of food at your fucking philandering I
hate the privileged what is this pumpkin
soup crackers nah no I'm gonna say no
I'm that one dude is fucking goldfishes
that would be everything all right let's
try this
that's good I don't know who she was I
just talking to frame but nice to meet
you you don't go hmm
ah I'm gonna keep those back cause I
must say no matter how funding day uh
yeah cuz obvious I don't care about my
way
yeah cuz I have a can I'm ready with ya
okay last but not least we have a can of
actual pumpkin but I feel like I don't
need it anymore because we come from
kanpai in there and I would just be like
pumpkin overload did I just say that as
I'm making the world's craziest pumpkin
fucking shake that the whole point chain
art let's open it shit this river I
Jonathan open up a can of whoop-ass
no I don't hide open that up either I
hide from computation
I had a waitress bring me a salad with
like a wad of her hair in it and she saw
it and she has a nerve to come back ago
how's your salad and you wanna hold her
good cuz I'm a little bitch okay this
isn't opening enough stuff so we're not
going to use that once again I'm a
little bitch Oh one of these these are
fucking good these are pumpkin cookies
but they're like shortbread cookies and
cover it and like some shit I don't know
can you see that look at it look at it
look at it I'm sorry I'm like on one
tonight I don't know what I'm on but I'm
staying school mom yeah Queenie put a
few of those in there okay and I think
to top it off we're just gonna put some
of our pumpkin spiced coffee flavorings
because what this chick needs is more
fat yeah Oh
oh my god this is I mean nobody asks for
this nobody needs this let's do it who
is Pat oh my god
one two three okay just need to move our
battle
all right she's really stuck maybe if I
just like push all this shit to the
bottom you know just like my emotions
bury them and then eat them again I've
never heard that noise before what is
happening oh well let's do it again
remember putting rocks in it whoa what
is that
whatever put it down oh yeah eight
thousand candy corns that's a good idea
all right it finally blended oh yeah I
mean that's the thing right all right
let's just fill back up our prep at
chena cup see how pretty this looks
whoo okay okay this actually look good
oh my god
oh my god okay okay all right oh let's
put a fucking cupcake on top okay let's
add whipped cream and the piece do is
just young and with the finish Oh God
and then oh oh baby all right you guys
I'm ready to try my masterpiece oh my
god
aah it actually looks so good excited
very thick with taking a while oh my god
this is what I wish Thanksgiving was
instead of fights about my sexuality
with my family and people making mashed
potatoes who have no idea how to make
mashed potatoes and should stop making
mashed potatoes this is fucking good
who's Jesse the fucker hi hi my name is
Shane right Jesse wait not even there
this is so good oh my god guys I'd say
make this but don't or you know what
maybe make this with your family on
Thanksgiving them into me pictures I
just want to see like that one
angry uncle in the background what the
fuck it's happening or like your dad
like really this is the motherfucker you
watch really
we bought his book up all right next
that was me making a giant pumpkin spice
nightmare hopefully you would give I
need hold on I need to show you guys
what my kitchen looks like right now
because it'll make you scared so that's
my sink YUM this is my other side of my
think oh we didn't use the pumpkin
Biscotti's well I don't know what I'll
ever do with those takes them eat them
all Mike I have my phone just wait for
anybody to call me no nobody okay great
and then we have all of the gross items
just everywhere and my Wendy Williams
cup because how you doing well Wendy how
do you think pretty much like that
kidding no I'm pretty much like that
sorry Sally as you guys hopefully you
enjoyed that gen milkshake video if you
want me to make more of these please
give me a thumbs up and let me know down
in the comments what did you do next I
want to do a cheesecake factory
milkshake like with a bunch of pieces of
cheesecake but I don't know if you guys
want that if you want that let me know
let's make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below cuz I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos of me making big
crazy fucking milkshakes I did one with
Reese's I did one for a velvet cake I
even did one with McDonald's I'll put a
link to a playlist here at the top of
the scription below and I'll see you
little milkshakes too bye Jasmine floors
body was found shoved into a suitcase
her body had been beaten and
crushed and util ated beyond recognition
the killer took off with fingernails
took out her teeth did anything he cut
it so that the police could not identify
her and then he shoved her into a
suitcase and threw her into a dumpster
that's literally the most fucked-up
thing I've ever heard in my life
