hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about more creepy
moments on TV and this first creepy
moment involves one of my biggest fears
and that is earthquakes so in 1989 there
was an earthquake in San Francisco that
was massive it's commonly referred to as
the 1989 World Series earthquake because
it happened during the World Series and
it's the first time that there's ever
been a big earthquake while it was also
being televised on national TV so the
clip I'm about to show you is pretty
creepy basically during the game the
guys are talking about what's going on
and then the earthquake comes and then
it just cuts to a picture check it out
with the hesitation allowing Jose
Canseco to score and he fails to get
Dave Parker at second base so the
Oakland A's take take I know that was
like out of a movie or something well
then the sound came back and you can
hear everybody in the crowd is screaming
China
so that's the only televised footage of
the earthquake but a lot of people were
filming on home video cameras and stuff
all around the city and I have some of
those clips and they are fucking creepy
this first poem is from a classroom
where a teacher was teaching her lesson
when the earthquake hit they have a
Canada very strong and is fighting with
us this next clip is from another school
where they're playing in the gym
this clip is probably the most
unsettling of all this was taking place
at a children's birthday party so when
it starts you can see a kid stuck
underneath like a play car and then it
just gets fucked up
so this earthquake was massive it caused
over five billion dollars of damage
houses were destroyed malls were
completely torn up roads crumbled
luckily not that many people died only
67 in total which is a lot but could
have been a lot worse
so this next moment on TV actually
involves Donald Trump enough said right
it is so fucking creepy and creepy for a
different reason just just watch
I don't think Ivanka would do that
inside the magazine although she does
have a very nice video I've said that if
Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd
be dating her so weird
I mean what I mean Donald says some
crazy shit obviously but to say that you
would fuck your daughter is that's next
level I could probably do a whole video
of all the crazy creepy shit Donald
Trump is said on TV but we have time for
that and I don't want to get political I
don't even know if I'm Republican or
Democrat or any that shit but uh yeah
let's move on so reality shows can go
really wrong really fast
mainly because sometimes they don't
really do great background checks of
people you could have somebody who's
literally insane and could be in a house
living with people and just snap or you
could have somebody that's literally
insane and then once the show's over
they can snap and unfortunately that is
what happened here so there was a show
in 2009 called Megan Wants a Millionaire
it was a show about a ditzy girl who was
trying to find a guy ever dreams so she
had a bunch of millionaires come to this
big house and fight for her love it was
actually a pretty funny show but
unfortunately it only lasted a few
episodes because it was canceled after
one of the former contestants killed
their girlfriends on August 15 of 2009 a
woman named Jasmine Flores body was
found shoved into a suitcase her body
had been beaten and crushed and util
ated beyond recognition
the killer took off the fingernails took
out her teeth did anything he cut it so
that the police could not identify her
and then he shoved her into a suitcase
and threw her into a dumpster that's
literally the most fucked-up thing I've
ever heard in my life and the only way
the police actually could identify
five her was by taking out her breast
implants and looking at the serial
number and then tracing it back from
that while all the evidence pointed to a
man named Ryan Jenkins who is currently
on the show
Megan Watson Millie well a couple days
later when the police went to question
him they found his dead body because he
killed himself
and then right after that the show was
canceled but you can still see clips of
it online and you can see him on the
show which is so disturbing because
you're watching it you're like oh my god
that guy is going to kill somebody in
the most brutal way boss now this next
creepy moment did happen on camera and
I'm just going to warn you it's pretty
gross so sixteen years ago survivor went
to the Apple back they were in Australia
it was beautiful it's probably one of
the most popular seasons there's been
and one of the reasons it's the most
famous is because one of the contestants
fell into a fire his name is Michael
scoopin and here is him after he fell
into the fire ran to the water and just
my god he's very he's very pretty bad
day one anyway
ow
man the water thing was okay now this
next part is very very gross so if
you're squeamish just close your eyes
for a second so you can see the burns on
his face in his chest when he pulls his
hands out of the water you can see his
skin literally falling off just check it
out
ah that's why I don't watch these shows
oh my god
ah let's move on okay so the next thing
we're going to talk about isn't really
creepy it's more uncomfortable and weird
and that is the famous psychic Sylvia
Browne fucking up on national TV so
Sylvia Browne was one of the most famous
psychics in the world she had
best-selling books she was always on
talk shows talking to people and giving
readings she charged so much money to
have readings with people and giving
them advice on their life she really was
like the shit when it came to psychics
well then she had a couple moments on TV
that made people question whether or not
she was real just check out this first
one on Montel yeah question was show me
about your daughter Michelle my daughter
Michelle was 17 years old
she'll be gone five years the 21st of
this year Sylvia I don't know how she
died
please if you can how did she die she
was shot circumstances around her death
she just collapsed in her room I don't
know but something looks like it hit the
chip yeah so after she fucked up she
tried to like backtrack it didn't work
because it looks like it found nothing
on the oort or top I don't care but it
looks like something hit her in the
chest that autopsy they did drug you
know they do whatever they do is just
she was a healthy child and know
everything how to spell out in a room by
now like a golf clubs fall a little I
know this just went down yeah I don't
know but there was something that hit
her in the chest and then she fucked up
again this time even worse I lost my
boyfriend tragically um a few years ago
they never found I've had such a hard
time since everything
the reason why you didn't find him is
cause he's in water and find him in
water it's like the girl is missing in
Aruba he can't find somebody else it was
September 11th there was no he was a
fireman and then once again she tries to
backtrack and just fast up even more is
there any way you could have drowned in
water some way they never found a piece
of pen nothing at this next moment she
had is probably the worst and definitely
something that left people really pissed
off so she had a live show and one of
the viewers stood up and asked a
question about herself her son was in
the hospital with a sickness and they
told him that he was probably going to
die so basically she had a choice does
she want him to die in the hospital or
did she want to bring him home so he
died with his family so she asked to
leave her my number was the first one
picked and I was so excited told my son
was dying I was wanting to know if he
was going to live
and she matter-of-factly said yes he's
going to live Brown told her that mark
would get a miraculous treatment and
would be better by the end of the month
that flans
should not bring him home for hospice
care but leave him in the hospital no
keep it there so Sylvia brown basically
told her no no take him home
everything's gonna be fine she did set
this I don't give a damn what the
doctors say Brown told plans your son
will survive well Sylvia brown was wrong
and he did die and he died in the
hospital and not at home like you two
days later
mark was dead mark didn't want to die in
the hospital she wanted to go home I'd
still be a proud told us hey hold it
buddy he hit better so this woman
believed her and she
wrong because she probably was not real
conciliar Brown had many cases like this
where people said that she fucked up
their life all of her advice was wrong
she predicted things that never happened
she just had a bad track record who
would sing her fuck up on TV like that
was just so uncomfortable so this last
moment we're going to talk about is very
graphic so I'm just warning you you're
going to see some blood and that was on
an episode of cheaters where the hosts
got stabbed
so cheaters was a show where you would
go on it if you thought your spouse is
cheating on you and then the host would
take you and like you find your spouse
fucking somebody else and there'd be a
big altercation and it was a trashy show
but I kind of liked it I can't believe
you did this to me I can't believe you
do this as aim you did it is really war
yeah you're not even really women say
you are well on one episode in 2003 the
host Joey Greco got more than he
bargained for when the man they were
confronting stop
put you on your best little Becky Kelly
all right oh he's pleading oh my god
come on easy he's the man here you know
is wrong with you Mitchell you're not
gonna see me anymore
yeah I'm all right he's been here he's
just got here
you might hear no first thing yeah I
told you it's gonna be graphic well
after they show him sitting there in the
boat with blood coming out of his
stomach then they cut to him getting
into an ambulance and it gets even more
disturbing Joey hey woody I need to stay
conscious as possible okay
it was definitely the first time I think
on TV you saw somebody gets stabbed
definitely the first time on a reality
show but the crazy thing is the show
wasn't cancelled after that it went on
for like many more seasons
luckily jelly didn't get stabbed again
so Congrats Larry guys go those are some
creepy moments I happen on TV hopefully
you enjoyed those or hopefully you
didn't do you want more videos like this
please give me a thumbs up so I know I
make sure to subscribe to my channel
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more creepy moments on TV or more
of my creepy videos I'll put a link to a
playlist or a top of description below
thank you guys I will see you creeps
tomorrow ciao bye first of all God oh I
forgot a mature H in all my face oh oh
my god smiling became if you love him oh
thank you for this oh oh no I love you
too he's good so many memories
