hey what's up you guys yes it is time
for more stupid fucking life packs that
aren't helping my life similar to my
deodorant and my pimple cream both don't
work also for the last two months I have
had a weird black dog the center of my
chin and I don't know why so might be
cancerous okay let's get back in okay so
the first one is extra stupid and I know
I mean I've done a lot of stupid stuff
in these videos but awry oh my god I got
a big old foot what is my life anyways
yes this one is even stupider okay so
this is that you can actually pop
popcorn with a hair straightener you can
also burn the shit out of your hair and
look like a troll doll which I do a lot
so I have my hair straightener which has
been through it it literally is so
crusty Imbert it looks like it went up
an ass but up like a dead person's ass
cause like you know right before you die
well you probably don't know this I do
that's scary anyways right before you
die your whole body kind of shuts down
and all your muscles loosen and then you
literally shit out everything you've
ever eaten in your life like a mountain
of shit like that anyways so that's what
this looks like and then I have my box
of popcorn now I have not actually made
popcorn literally maybe in like 15 years
cuz like why but from what I saw of this
half you're not actually supposed to use
the bag of popcorn you're supposed to
put little actual kernels of popcorn in
the straightener well that sounds like a
fire and we all know how much I love
fire what okay so let me open up this
bag you wait you have you ever opened up
a bag of popcorn what the fuck is that
it looks like a candy bar ooh what kind
of on it a snack Andy oh my god that's
pure salt and butter that really pretty
good okay let me just suck off the salt
okay so we'll take a little popcorn
kernel oh my god I just realize what
we're doing this is actually scary okay
ah wait oh my god okay wait
scared okay okay here we go here we go
holy fuck holy fuck fuck how do I put it
on without burning my fingers if I just
place it oh my god it's so hot huh come
on come on Oh God take hacks very
seriously oh it's on okay oh my god I'm
scared
this is so fucking stupid
okay you see it ah okay okay there's a
good pop wow this is so much easier than
just putting the bag in the microwave
right guys thanks BuzzFeed let's open it
yeah
drop it bouton oh it's very hot oh okay
okay oh fuck it burns okay all right
trying it again I think it actually
might pop okay there we go we got it
okay is it ever gonna pop it's turning
brown is that good hell I mean if I just
squeeze it more my god it's just food
fuck what the fuck I'm a fucking
scientist oh that's eats like burnt hair
but it doesn't matter I won I won I won
that was incredible
I will never be able to do anything
cooler than that in my life alright time
to give up fight alright Mets hat so in
every one of these life hack videos I
try to find something new that's
flammable and today I found out that Hot
Cheetos are flammable and that's
exciting because like they're already
flaming hot and then you're gonna
fucking light them on fire it just feels
like destiny okay so let's pour these
are look plate I don't know if I like
hot cheetos I feel like that's a very
controversial opinion I feel like people
love off you goes I was just never
really here for them alright let me give
them a try let me see if they are as
good as a reason oh my god I should not
say I don't like these
I feel like admitting that you're not a
huge fan of hot cheetos is like
admitting that you're voting for Trump
like a lot of people are unstopping a
lot of people are triggered but honest
see I don't care not a good fan all
right so let's light these up see what
happens oh my god okay it's crisping my
god you see that oh my god let see
little plate ah this is dangerous you
know some people go like cliff jumping
in my skydiving and that's how they get
their danger and just like chips on fire
actually you know I think I'm gonna put
these down on the table so I can just
really light them up okay let's continue
ah yeah oh my god this is so cute I love
this it's like a little campfire oh my
god marshmallows hold on I don't have
anything to light on fire my scrub daddy
oh my god the fire is getting hey wait I
shouldn't like some water in case this
actually gets out of hand oh my god it's
very very big way trip of the scrub
daddy in there I kind of just want to
see him melt alright daddy bye oh shit
oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh
god oh my god oh my god I love killing
happiness
oh that's everything okay actually
that's too big okay this is too much oh
my god okay Wow I'll be selling that art
sculpture on Etsy okay so this next hack
involves a condom which by the way I
found this in my house opened um but not
used which is the story of my life oh
we're gonna do this okay
all right I'm ready where are you going
true story okay so the first hack is
that you can use a condom as a
waterproof cover for your phone now
listen I don't know what type of person
would walk around with a lubed up condom
with their phone in it um but I'd
actually like to meet that person cuz it
might be the type person wants to fuck
me okay so we have the condom around the
phone you know what this might work
let's see if you can actually still use
it oh you can oh my god okay honestly
though if you've got like an unlucky one
because right now this is fucking gross
but if you had an unlocked condom this
actually is
that bad of a hat because like you can
still use it you can just shove it in
your butt which honestly like who likes
pockets you know I mean I hate having
things in my pocket to feel bulky like
I'd rather just put and then when your
phone rings I mean that's everything
okay so let's get a cup of water and
fucking dip all right here we go
we have our blender filled with water we
have our protected phone we have zero
text messages or anybody trying to
contact me so that's nice less dick I'm
like I'm kind of nervous
what if there's any like holes or
scratches a girl anytime she has sex
with me oh no I'm just checking you know
just in case somebody called me and I
had to answer it and it broke and I have
no more condoms like I only had one
aisle me other ones are used no they're
not I just stole this one from my mom
well next Hey
okay so this next act I'm really fucking
excited about because it changes okay
when we did Doritos and a salt shaker I
was like this changes everything and
then when we did Oreos in a bowl with
milk and called it cereal I was like
this doesn't just change everything this
changes my weight and today we are about
to change the hot sauce game mmm
we're gonna put hot sauce in a spray
bottle bitch you could fucking give your
food a spicy mist are you kidding me
right now I can't even comprehend it I'm
so excited let's fucking do it
okay so I got sriracha because I just
love to cook and this is a spray bottle
for my olive oil hair spray because my
hair is not oily enough okay so let's
just pour this in here okay then we're
just gonna put the cap back on
okay I'm gonna spray it on this paper
plate just so you can see if it actually
works
come on come on come on you can do this
Oh oh my god did you see this oh it's
having trouble oh this is actually gross
oh it's like popping a bunch of little
dips litter not ready yet
yeah hot sauce out of a spray bottle is
it's not the prettiest thing in the
world oh it's really stuck in there okay
and I wrote the bottle
wow these hats are just really going
great today this was supposed to change
everything
ah I'm actually mad how did that not
work okay
maybe the hot sauce is too thick let me
try thinner okay so I just put this shit
right on top of the Cholula bottle now
let's see if this works
come on bra crusted ha ha ha ha wait
wait wait I think I got it hold on ah
I'm just covering fucking hot sauce and
sadness which is honestly just me any
night oh damn it okay whatever the next
hack is has to fucking work because I am
NOT doing a video where all my hat's
fail alright what's next hack shake up a
soda can it tap the side and it won't
explode yeah that'll work
let's give it a try anyways everybody's
well fail again oh fuck oh my god I can
actually hear it it's creating a bomb oh
shit
alright let's try it now usually I count
the top it never works I don't know why
you're doing so let's tap the side this
will work well many times do I do it I
don't know I'm just gonna keep doing it
alright here we go and it should just
open perfectly yep perfect oh my oh
dammit
this reminds me when I was a kid and I
peed my pants and I'd be like oh my god
Jared I peed my pants and then my
brother would be like ah don't worry
about it I got you lemons yourself okay
great are you doing now they can't see
the pee yeah it was awful also just
recreating that story now completely
covered so this is not going well for me
okay my next hack is hopefully going to
make up for all of everything that this
just happened including that we're going
to make a fucking brownie in a fucking
bog now last time we may
a pizza in a mug and it turned out so
good and now it's time for dessert so of
course I have my Trisha Paytas mug
because um Brij likes to eat one of the
many things meet her have in common
including all of our breakdowns okay so
what you do is you put some of the cake
mix inside of the mug let's just open
that up okay all right so we have some
cake mix in there then you just pour a
little bit of vegetable oil so just pour
some of that in there
I just guessed it then you need a little
bit of water and last but not least na
let me see if I can do it like the cool
kids do it oh that was impressive to no
one okay so now I'm just going to mix
that all together yeah okay I definitely
put too much oil and their shells in it
okay so it's not really looking like
cake to me it's more looking like shit
mixed with well mucus that's okay
because hopefully it'll turn into a cake
because I've had such good luck today
okay so I'm gonna put this in America
for two minutes and then I'll come back
alright it's been two minutes and YUM oh
that definitely worked like what the
fuck happened like literally what oh you
know what though you know can fix this
you know daddy has a can of ready whip
ready to go it was a little premature
well alright this will fix it
bitch so this might actually not be
safety but honestly I don't give a fuck
so let's do it
ooh wait wait that looks like hey hold
on hold on
that actually kind of fucking looks like
hey look like fancy cake like Gordon
Ramsay shit what does it call when he
goes don't let it fall oh and then they
go oh I'm sorry I'm sorry oh no I'm a
stupid fucking con what is that cake
called yeah all right let's try that oh
my god I'm excited oh my god
oh my god this is fucking good
oh my god wait wait hold on hold on
Jungian close-up okay I know that kind
of looks fucking awful and gross and
like now Trish's covered in her own shit
your girl let me just wipe that shit off
your face so good friends do
you look gorgeous mama but actually look
at the actual cake in here look at that
oh my god oh my god it's like half
melted fucking like soft gooey ass cake
all this it's my bog with that
motherfucker oh look at that
look are you fucking looking wait let me
actually dump it huh oh oh I mean maybe
there's something wrong with me the fact
that that looks good to me but does that
look good to you oh my god throw some
fucking ice cream back hold on ah wait I
want the bitch painted for the god oh my
god get a big old scoop of that like
anything else I can put on this shit I
mean it's a party let's just throw some
vanilla vodka on there you know what I'm
sayin you're forgiving and you know what
it's a holiday season talking points on
there alright you know what just we'll
fireball chill let's fuck that up
Bon Appetit oh my god Oh burns in a good
way
oh that's everything do that do that now
well maybe not like all of that cuz like
that's sad well I do a little bit of
that now this next one is soda which is
why I'm doing it and that is the ranch
facial no listen I've never really had a
full-on facial in my life but I know
that like ranch dressing is probably not
the best thing to use but because I love
ranch and because I'd rather be
nothing more we're gonna do it so I
guess Oh God let me make a bit perfect I
mean if you're gonna have a ranch party
you know to mean dressed the park
remember when I made a ranch fountain
that was a sad day okay
I was like oh my god when I make this
ranch fountain it's gonna take over the
world
everybody's gonna be one fountain videos
I'll be the fountain queen bitch I would
be invited to the White House they're
gonna be like ha Shane its President
Obama welcome to the White House I heard
you're great with fountains well you
know my devil for my birthday I'd like a
giant cheese fountain
you know what President Obama how about
to change your world what about a giant
cream cheese Mountain whoa whoa whoa are
you sir a part of a terrorist
organization
what no why would you say that because
you are killing it right now
high-five too soon let's put ranch on my
face okay oh my god honestly twenty
eight-year-old goals first Oh God
oh I forgot a mature age you know my
face
Oh oh my god smiling pretend like you
love him oh thank you for this oh oh no
I love you do is good so many memories
Oh God okay looks just kind of ah oh oh
my god I'm just like Trish Hunter Meyer
come oh okay let you spread that around
oh that's real good though okay let's
just read how many pimples am I gonna
get from this how is this cleaning my
face oh my god by the way did you hear
about that woman who has her son
jerk-off in her hand and she uses it as
a facial I'm already talked about that
that's scary that it probably already
talked about that and that woman was my
mom my mom oh my god is it working
it burns oh my god I just got even
better idea fucking double life hack
bitch while you're getting your ranch
facial you just
fuck am i doing oh no girl you missed a
spot
delicious okay yes oh my god what a
luxurious facial this is I think we're
good well you guys go that was me oh
wait hold on girl now that you got your
whipped cream you could just take that
cake you made earlier oh that was a ramp
yeah oh okay I think I'm gonna go badly
gets time for me to leave I'm not sad
drunk girl at the party where
everybody's like yeah it's time for
Cassie to go she just threw up all over
that man's lab and she worth jeggings
and she should
let's tell Cassie hey will you yeah I'm
her let's go hopefully set a little miss
Doubtfire moment to noon hopefully you
guys enjoy fuckin stupidest video if you
did and you want more life hack videos
give me a thumbs up also subscribe to my
channel right down below cuz I mean do
videos every single day my eyes are
burning I know cuz there's rain
stripping in them Oh
also if you want to see more life hack
videos I've done a whole shitload of
them helping a link to a playlist right
at the top of the description below
alright you guys I'll see you little
Cheetos tomorrow hey guys quick update I
went to the bathroom to wash the ranch
off my face in I have an allergic
reaction and my face is on fire I don't
know if you can see but oh my gosh it
feels like my face is about to fall off
so I'm gonna go to the doctors and
hopefully don't die so let's and learn
don't try any of my hacks or you will
look like this
and die hey guys later ah the six year
old girl had been struck over the head
and had been strength Tom grabbed her
body it brought it out to the living
room where everybody was standing put it
on the floor and just cried and to this
day nobody knows who killed her that
there are some theories
