same as no a seven shame you're serving
for your cookies in your mouth dog I
don't know what's gonna happen he's
trying so hard to get it in there like
bringing the shoehorn you're not getting
it doubt you got nine in there Oh My
Lord Jesus hey what's up you guys yes
today we're do we talking about more
conspiracy theories but today's video is
gonna be a little bit different because
we're only going to be talking about one
and that is the conspiracy theories
revolving around the death
JonBenet Ramsey so for those of you who
don't know Jon Benet Ramsey was a six
year old beauty pageant queen who died
in 1996 she died the day after Christmas
and was found dead in her basement so
first let me explain how all the events
in so the morning after Christmas her
mother Patsy Ramsey walked downstairs to
make some coffee
that's where she found on the stairs a
ransom note the ransom note said that
they had captured JonBenet Ramsey and if
they wanted to see her alive again they
have to pay him a hundred and eighteen
thousand dollars cash so Patsy woke up
her husband John and their son Burke and
they called 9-1-1 when the police came
over they started searching the house
for any kind of evidence they could find
John the father ended up going to the
basement and that's where he found the
body and the body was in very bad shape
the six-year-old girl had been struck
over the head and had been strength Tom
grabbed her body you brought it out to
the living room where everybody was
standing put it on the floor and just
cried and to this day nobody knows who
killed her that there are some theories
so the first theory is that it was her
mother Patsy
so Patsy was a former pageant queen
herself and she was what a lot of people
refer to as a very intense stage mom she
was pretty much living through her
daughter she wanted her daughter to be
just like her like a lot of stage moms
she might have taken it too far so a lot
of people think that she was abusive
and that one night she snapped they
think she hit or pushed Jon Benet too
hard and maybe she hit the ground and
cracked open her head and supposedly
when that happened the mom freaked out
called the dad over the dad was like oh
my god and then that's when they tried
to cover it up so the theory is that
they came up with a plan the mom would
write a ransom note
they call the cops they put the body in
the basement they strangle it and make
it look like it was some kind of child
molester and because John loved his wife
he was willing to go along with this so
here are some evidence that points to
that being real number one scientists
took samples of John and Patsy's writing
and compared it to the ransom note and
they found a lot of similarities with
Patsy's writing the note was also
written on Patsy stationery set that was
in her office and another piece of
evidence was there was undigested
pineapple found inside of Jon Benet
stomach when they did the autopsy so she
had with eating that pineapple within
like an hour of her dying well police
found a bowl of half-eaten pineapple on
the dining room table and guess whose
fingerprints were on it Patsy's when the
cops ask Patsy about this she said oh I
have no idea I don't remember Jon Benet
eating anything I was asleep
well then how are fingerprints on the
bowl the second theory is that John her
father did it when they did the autopsy
they also found that JonBenet's privates
had been messed with and that it looked
like they had been messed with for a
while the scientists said that Jon Benet
looked like she had been sexually abused
for a few years and that's when
everybody started to think it could have
been her dad so the theory is that one
night her dad was sexually abusing her
and he got out of hand
he accidentally hit her head and then
the mom came in and tried to help him
cover it up the next theory is that it
was her nine year old brother
Brooke so a lot of people think the
brother did it because maybe he was
jealous of his sister she was getting
all this attention from her dad and from
her mom she was a beauty pageant queen
nobody cared about him and they picked
up one night he just snapped some
evidence of points to that is that there
was two holes in JonBenet's neck now
initially scientists thought that that
was from a taser gun or from a stun gun
from somebody that came into the house
but then in the basement they found a
one of Burke's train tracks and when
they put the train track to her neck it
matched
also a police were interviewing Burke he
was entering them with things that kids
just wouldn't say he was saying things
like I do not recall it sounded very
rare first so a lot of people think that
Burke accidentally killed his sister in
a fit of
age and the parents once again try to
help him cover it up because they didn't
want their son to go to jail and the
last theory is that it was a Santa Claus
let me explain so two days before she
died a man named Bill McReynolds came to
the house dressed as Santa Claus I guess
he had came to the house like three
years in a row it was part of a
tradition well reports say that he gave
JonBenet a card with a handwritten note
and on the note it said you will receive
a special gift after Christmas even
creepier 22 years before JonBenet died
this man bill his daughter was abducted
and killed and she was abducted
the day after Christmas just like
JonBenet was also he wrote a play about
a girl who was abducted and then
sexually abused in a basement and then
killed what they also found DNA on
JonBenet's panties that doesn't belong
to anybody in the family like a
stranger's DNA and they haven't been
able to magic anybody and the last
theory of course that we've already
talked about before is that JonBenet
didn't die she grew up to be katy perry
i mean i don't think that one's true so
this year is the 20th anniversary of
JonBenet's murder and we still don't
know who did it in 2006 her mother Patsy
died of cancer so we'll never know if
she did it and the father claims that
the killer is still out there
her brother even did his first interview
on TV ever 20 years later and it was
kind of creepy let's clear this up once
and for all
did you do anything to harm your sister
JonBenet now did you murder your sister
JonBenet
yeah I don't know I'm not saying you did
it but what the fuck
why was he laughing and smiling okay so
here's what I want to do we don't know
what the truth is we have all of our
suspects we have all of our evidence so
why don't we talk to two people who
might have an idea so as you guys know
for the last couple years I have worked
with and and friends with the second
twins and not only have the psychic
twins predicted 9/11 and other terrorist
attacks
they've also solved murder cases and
figured out where bodies were hidden so
now for the first time with me on my
channel they are going to talk about who
they think killed Jon Benet here we go
okay guys so we are here with the
psychic twins thank you guys for being
here and we are going to talk about the
case so Jon Benet Ramsey where do we
start
where do we start this was no accident
it was not an accidental killing in our
opinion we've been channeling on this
for probably 20 years Shane and we
remember as you do when it happened it
was really the biggest whodunit probably
in history we feel that this cover-up
goes very very high feeling Menotti this
is not just yes oh okay I know this is
something that nobody knows there's a
reason the family and the police do not
call us in on these cases Shane it's
because they don't want this solved
because you guys have solved murders
before yes you have bodies before as you
can have please call you guys a lot well
it's interesting because my initial
thought when I saw all of this you know
all the documentaries going on right now
and stuff the dad's whole thing is it
was some random killer it was a
pedophile but you know we just have to
move on if my daughter was killed by
Raymond Pettibon
I would be looking for that pedophile
till the day what I of course we would
anyone
would keep looking you wouldn't try to
get a plane out that day after finding
your daughter's body in the wine cellar
in your home you wouldn't be trying to
get a plane out two hours later my the
way is something I didn't mention
earlier is yeah the day that the kid
died yes he was trying to get a plane to
go somewhere yeah he was on the phone
while the police were there maybe we can
find a book a pilot for a plane I have a
guy that planes he could easily have
done that but people overheard him
there's a lot that's been suppressed
even DNA evidence has been wiped clean
from computers I don't think people
realize how much tampering has been
going on behind the scenes this goes so
high Shane that the cover-up just it
goes to the highest levels and we're
talking all the way to the Illuminati
okay so let's break it down so yeah what
really happened we feel I'm scared but
we feel that the family of course is
responsible it was not an outside
intruder
no it wasn't an intruder and the whole
family staged this cover-up they were
all in on there was sex abuse there was
a sex ring that was being investigated
this engine Boulder area and the Denver
area there was also a child sex ring
we're talking about ritualistic
overtones here this is really dark did
you know that John Ramsey's first
daughter from his first marriage
Elizabeth was mysteriously killed in a
car accident and was never really saw
notice how they never mentioned that in
the document and she had had memories of
past sexual abuse and people in robes
and even her father came up with those
memories when she was in therapy and she
tried to cut her I don't know how she
tried to commit suicide but she did
shortly after having them or a marital
affair of the sex abuse and then just
weeks later she was mysteriously killed
in a car what you're saying is you think
it was like a group of people a group of
people that well they were involved in
her death we have a strong opinion that
it was the father that did it work is
the red herring Burke is a scapegoat the
Sun the destroy no yes he has problems
yes he's been hiding for
years but we don't feel that yet was the
brother they did it yeah the dad was it
just him that did it I feel he feels
that it was he but we did like we feel
hats he wrote the ransom note and it was
in her hand and it probably took her
over a half hour to do it there was a
lot of plotting to cover this up but we
don't believe it was accidental
wait so okay but why would the dad want
to kill the time I feel that there was
sex abused for years and in fact in fact
if you are able to look at the records
which I think they've been sealed and
closed but she did see a doctor
something like 32 or 33 times for your
effect released infections and vagina
problems at the age of five okay so dad
killed her supposedly maybe mom knew the
dead killed her yes she discovered that
and I think it's possible she may have
even known about sex abuse were mediums
so we talked to the dead and when we
spoke to Jon Benet this week she said
dad she said I kept saying Jean Monnet
tell us he did okay let's do that here
the channel so we're going to channel
Jon Benet we're going to talk to her
okay we're connecting with Jon Benet
Ramsey we close ourselves in the white
light of God and pull on the angels to
protect us from any harmful energy or
negative energy we connect with the
spirit of Jon Benet are you with us yes
yes I am here thank you for coming in
and speaking with us today Jon Benet
we've been talking about your sad
passing and we've been talking with you
a lot this week can you tell us what
happened that night that you were killed
it was a
I was so surprised I forgive daddy and
mommy for what happened I forgive
everyone involved in my murder so who
actually caused your death I have to be
honest and tell you it was my day my
daddy and I forgive him it went on for a
while no one who was he afraid you were
going to tell someone oh yes they're
afraid it is not what it seems not what
it seems
mommy knew and did not tell mommy me
very painful are you with her now yes
yes mommy is here Thank You company for
joining us today
and we wish you peace you are so welcome
god bless you god bless you
Thank You Dominic Wow
cry there in that no that was but I felt
I felt she was really present how did
you feel oh my god that was so much we
we don't usually expect what's going to
come through and I think there's so much
investment and this being tied up and
made very clean and there you go nothing
to see here and I think it's good to
entertain other ideas we originally
thought it was just a conspiracy of who
actually killed her turns out to
conspiracy bigger than it was very very
high and honestly I am NOT surprised
especially with all the stuff we always
talk about right loominatee army should
we be scared
well yeah we saw we absolutely have to
see a legal caveat that these are
psychic impressions that you know so
that we are not a target and we don't
seek to indict anyone right we do feel
the indictment should have happened but
it never did again if anybody is a
target should be the police and the DA
if there was a cover-up here and if they
were in on the cover-up you know they're
the ones that should be investigating
this further rather than you know
drawing a line in the sand and the
Ramsey family should not be closing a
door to this and John Ramsey actually
said this is my last interview on dr.
Phil there's a lot that we don't know
about that's been wiped clean from the
records well there you guys go
you left Jon Benet might not be the
brother or the mom might be the dad oh
and by the way guys we did another video
on their channel where we talked about
celebrity predictions and we talked
about Justin Bieber right about a lot of
celebrities and there is a lot of the
shocking stuff so go check it out key
alright see you guys later
hi there you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed that different conspiracy theory
video and let me know down the comments
who do you think killed John I also give
this video a thumbs up if you
more conspiracy theory videos and
subscribe to my channel right down below
because I make new videos every single
day and if you want to see more of my
conspiracy theory videos I've done like
20 of them I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the description
below all right you little conspiracy
theorists I will see you tomorrow don't
believe everything you hear there is an
actual poster for the whopper eat oh the
fuck like I know when I was a kid used
to get like a poster like Britney Spears
and you put it up on your wall and you'd
like pretend that you were dripping off
to it when in reality you just wanted to
be
