heads of the guys we just finished
another podcast it was sulphide at me
and Jess played a bunch of games we
played with Farrah Abraham's fake pussy
how was that so many ping-pong balls can
fit in there we put ping-pong balls in
it and then we shot them out yes fucking
amazing hope you want to check out that
episode we also made the weirdest treats
using Oreos and bagels and pizza I don't
even fucking mouth yeah she's kind of hi
not yet
go check out the show I'll put a link
down there son glad to come flushing hey
except you guys yes I am sick today
which is good because I don't have to
have human interaction and I don't get a
taste what the fuck I'm about to eat I
also have an excuse to get out of
literally everything and by everything I
mean well literally nothing my calendar
looks like Christian or so and then
you're wise today we're going to be
trying something that I am terrified of
because it involves Burger King and it
involves J toes and we all know how I
feel about fucking Cheetos actually like
Cheetos but what I don't like is their
fucking creepy ass mascot yeah that
motherfucker that fucking pedophile ass
rapist fucking puppet motherfucker I
don't care if he's sweet I don't care if
he's wearing sunglasses because he has
some kind of a weird eye disorder where
he can't look at the Sun I don't even
care if he's an endangered species and
he's one of the last of his kind
I want him dead and then you put that
motherfucker next to the Burger King
mascot that fucking creepy pedophile as
rapists I don't dare wear a crown Burger
King because he only pitched in this
room wearing a crown right now isn't me
and yes it might be an emoji crown but
it's still a fucking ground so when
these two fucking creepy ass rapists
look and motherfuckers got together you
know they're gonna create some gross
something nasty something nobody wants
in their mouth no means no they created
cheeto covered chicken fries hmm so yes
about a month or two ago I tried the
cheeto mac and cheeto I don't even
remember the fucking name all I remember
there was too many names it was like
this girl that was high school with her
name was and I'm not kidding Sharla
shantel Corral Jackson the third one
aisle six names
bitch and this
this part that bitch had a list like and
I know her mom didn't know that when she
was born because she wasn't like googoo
gaga but your daughter has to say her
full name when she's an adult with that
list and you gave her that many S's
you better believe that the bitch
working at the DMV which is she was
wearing today a poncho which yes Chantal
but her full name was hi here from my
fiber line who tests great what's your
full name something else Michelle tell
that bitch gonna bust ass alright enough
about people in my past who might be
dead let's eat some chicken fries okay
so I am hoping that these are actually
good and because I'm sick I have like a
big appetite right now and I can't
really taste much so you better believe
I'm going to eat all of these and in
case I really like them I got eight
orders because I'm thinking this could
be like breakfast lunch dinner snack for
like the next three days I have a lot of
hope for her also there is an actual
poster for the whopper eat oh the fun
look I know when I was a kid used to get
like a poster like Britney Spears and
you put it up on your wall and you'd
like pretend that you were jerking off
to it when in reality just wanted to be
her but if I would have known when I was
a kid eventually I was gonna get posters
of fucking food I would have jumped off
to this well not this we all know how I
feel about this I don't like it but if
you gave me a poster of a fucking
Crunchwrap supreme bitch you better not
walk in my room cuz you know what
happened
okay so let's open up this box ooh
they give us dipping sauces a collection
ranch barbecue and that's it
but that's fine those are my two
favorites so I'm good thanks Burger King
okay
let's investigate that box really quick
let's do an unboxing um I'm too cheap to
get the iPhone 7 so we're gonna unbox
the hashtag chicken fries nobody has
ever used that though I don't like the
back of the box you got his creepy ass
fucking tail squirming around looking
for ass I don't trust it it's a question
mark if the question is do you want to
have sex the answer is no cheetah find a
new victim and then on the front you got
some creepy ass motherfucking stare
except for they gave him a beak which is
even scarier you're gonna give a fucking
creepy ass predator ass lookin
motherfucker a beak you know scary that
is they pin you down make some pocket at
your fucking face nothing for that they
also give a scary little goatee I'm just
not here for the mascot I find him
honestly it turns me a little bit that's
my problem okay let's open up the box
that's disturbing right like we know
it's chicken inside and you're gonna
make me open up his head and pull out
there motherfucker thinner okay so
that's the cheeto chicken fry let's open
her up
she's taking a little while she's a
little firm oh there we go
okay looks like chicken and buy chicken
I mean you know sludge that they formed
into a weird bin dick alright let's try
this oh god wait I should dip it or no I
should try it by itself first and then
dip it this is three reviews nobody
wants that okay here we just like I feel
like a sexual encounter would go with
the cheetah man I think I like it and
I'm ashamed and I don't want any of my
friends to know I don't want my family
to ask me about him I'm gonna keep him
hidden I'm a block him on Instagram I'm
never tagging him I kind of like it oh
no this one's against everything I stand
for I usually pick the good girl the
good boy and now I'm picking the bad boy
the bad boy who wants to ruin my body
I know let's dip okay let's start with
barbecue sauce cuz I feel like I don't
think I've ever dipped a cheeto in
barbecue sauce
because I don't do fucking acid for
whatever drug it would take for you to
do that
so let's give a little dipper Rooney
looks good and maybe it's cuz I'm sick I
just like don't give a fuck and I'll
just eat anything
nevermind that's cuz I'm shake oh my god
oh my god fucking good oh my god but I
just love Barbie how did it joint more -
I was gonna drink that but not even I'm
not fat okay now let's try ranch I mean
I know this is gonna be good
it's fucking ranch ranch is like the
Raven Symone of dibs like I know a lot
of people don't like her but like she's
good and you know what that's a raven
it's fucking everything and yes on the
view she might be problematic but the
fact that she's willing to go on live TV
dresses the fucking member of the puzzle
place is everything and if you don't
know what the puzzle place is okay here
we go oh my god oh my god hold on I need
to run around my house and find more
things to dip in this fridge this rash
they need to start incorporating this
ranch into their recipes like there
needs to be a rancher eat oh there needs
to be ranch fries oh my god a ranch
shake
hello video idea that's how the magic
happens
because this ranch is fucking everything
blurry guys go how is that my review of
the what are they called cheeto chicken
fries not spawn whoo I think even notice
it says dip with both your paws I love
that you know what Chester I judged you
on your outward appearance and I should
not have done that not everybody who
looks like a fucking creep is a creep
except for me because I'm the biggest
great okay so before I go we're gonna do
a close-up unboxing because I feel like
that's what people who are into food
porn want and honestly I'm all about
giving you your porn here is the
beautiful cheeto chicken fries
mouna fuck no not yet chester calm down
so let's investigate the box
aha looks really cute open your mouth
okay gesture that I can do so let's open
him up oh look at all those beautiful
fucking ooh weird long creepy things oh
that one's chewed off who did that
oh my God look at the texture look how
they kind of just flake apart
oh isn't that sexy hell yeah oh let's
grab a dip oh look at that beautiful
white creamy ranch you know what else
white and creamy not now Chester oh my
God look at that doesn't it look amazing
your Chester do you want to try some no
I did Gary no need to be homophobic
Chester oh let's just take a bite oh my
god that's delicious
come on Chester have some no no you are
what you get huh hope you enjoyed that
all right yeah there you go hopefully
you enjoyed me trying to Cheetos chicken
fries you tried that let me know down
the comments am I just really sick and
crazy and on a lot of medication and I
think things are good probably I'll take
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and please subscribe to my channel right
down below because I make new videos
physically and if you want more videos
of me trying Burger King whopper Itoh
and other cheeto fucking thing and all
the other weird fucking foods I eat I'll
put a link to a playlist right at the
top of the scription below I will see
you little Chester Cheetos tomorrow bye
so I have been doing videos for almost
10 years now and there's something that
I keep doing and not a lot of you guys
know about it and I've confessed it a
couple of times but I feel like people
keep forgetting and I keep needing to
tell you guys again the truth
