hey what's up guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to what the fuck five I
never love something so much you want to
peel off its skin and use it as a
raincoat no oh me neither
I'm also normal like you but more than
likely these people have in today's list
as we count down b5 craziest fans ever
it's number one on the list a 42 year
old Miley Cyrus fan named Carl McCoy had
spent roughly five thousand dollars on
over twenty nine different tattoos of
Miley Cyrus all over his body
when Miley saw the tattoo she counted on
them by calling them super ugly and
creepy as hell Wow Miley that's just
plain rude I mean what could be so
creepy about oh my god I'm pretty sure
this would be less creepy if the tattoo
artist didn't make it look like the
spawn of Satan
like what the fuck is this Miley Cyrus
are fucking Smeagol from Lord of the
Rings cool I really know the coin has
been an obsessive superfan of my license
is divorced from his wife in 2010 where
he randomly decided that sticking the
pomp stars face permanently on his body
was the best way to honor her while at
the same time scoring his ex-wife he
claims that since Miley's comments on
them he does plan to get them a room as
it is quote inhibiting him from getting
dates I can't imagine why - tell me
about yourself Carl uh well I have 29
tattoos of Miley Cyrus on my body I look
like the villain from lethal weapon and
uh-oh hey where you goin number two
Justin Bieber fans really all deserve to
be on this list because holy shit but
specifically several Justin Bieber fans
started cutting themselves after photos
of Justin smoking pot surfaced online
several of his fans voiced outrage
spreading the hashtag cut for Bieber oh
that's what that hashtag was all about I
was seriously under the impression that
I was like cutting your hair or like
cutting in line at Chipotle um excuse me
I was in line first hashtag cut for
Bieber after the hashtag lost some
traction it was actually discovered that
the king of troll sites for channels
behind the initial campaign for the
hashtag but many Bieber fans actually
took it seriously and fortune is fucking
terrible I really shouldn't be surprised
though this is after all the same site
that wanted a new Mountain Dew flavour
to be called Hitler did nothing wrong so
you know when you're shopping for
groceries there's normal Mountain Dew
voltage code read then right next to it
Mountain Dew Hitler did nothing wrong
thanks for chan number 3 while there is
a ton of weird
horrible things that one direction fans
have done over the years but I hope that
none are worse than the fan who killed
her own dog to get the attention of one
direction she initially posted a picture
of her choking her dog while saying
follow me one direction and then a
picture a few hours later of her holding
her dead dog no fuck bitch okay even if
one direction somehow saw your tweet
they could never follow you because then
other fans would just be like oh all it
takes to get a follow from one direction
is to threaten something with death Wow
hey Dad Liam come here for a second time
to the post went viral a change.org
petition was made to go so far as to
prosecute the person who made the tweet
to try to get them in prison luckily the
entire thing turned out to be a sick
joke and the person who tweeted it
didn't actually kill their dog but still
there's just some jokes that you just
don't make you wouldn't walk up to some
random War vet with no arms and be like
I could use a hand defending this
country but it looks like you gave birth
already number four well most Taylor
Swift fans are seemingly the most tame
on this list one 22-year old fan
actually swam upwards of two miles to
her Rhode Island beach house just to get
her attention okay I don't know exactly
what his plan was if he actually saw her
but I think maybe he was just hoping it
was one of the two weeks out of the
month that she's in-between boyfriends
that girl has had more boyfriends than
Shane has alter-egos and another more
recent incident a Taylor Swift fan by
the name of Joseph Byrne a key
trespassed on her Rhode Island home
flashed his penis and tried to propose
to her in what universe would any of
that shit ever work like even if his
penis was the best penis in the world
would Taylor Swift really be like well
that is the great dick yes I'll marry
you regardless who knows maybe Taylor
will make a song about it oh fucking
hell yep I love Jesus I once got flashed
by the man of small penis ah something
like that only she would probably get a
Grammy for it and then Kanye West would
complain about it but finally at number
five is the tragic death of John Lennon
at the hands of a crazed fan in the
1980s John most notably known for his
time in the band The Beatles was also an
avid political activist that inspired a
ton of people in a difficult time in
this case had also inspired obsession
and jealousy and Mark David Chapman who
walked up to Lennon outside his New York
apartment and shot him four times in the
chest when asked why he did it chat
and claimed that he wanted to quote
steal John Lennon's Fame for himself oh
this is just a whole other level of
crazy why John Lennon this is a list of
people I would have rather you have
killed than John Lennon okay it's it's
still going I guess oh okay but while he
will be greatly missed his legacy and
his soul will continue on and everything
that he gave to this world that is it
for this list of craziest fans ever
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you did
make sure to give it a like and also
subscribe to this channel as there will
be more every single week also if you'd
like to see more of me make sure to
check out my channel at youtube.com
slash Captain Estes I upload videos
there as well here's a review of one of
my recent videos this sucks - check out
that and more at youtube.com slash
captain Dez Dez that's it guys I'll see
you next week for another one two four
five thanks for watching and Fairwinds
