oh my god Penza vegans yes I am so
fucking excited right now I can't
contain myself
I feel like a little kid who just walked
into Disneyland except not at all
because Disneyland is scary people die
there at the mascots are usually child
molesters
but this is so much better I just got
pretty much every fucking item from the
top of the menu including this which is
a top 12 pack which I've never heard of
which is like the closest I'll ever get
to a six pack and it also says one size
feeds all which I'm assuming means it's
for like a lot of people um we'll talk
about I have a secret for you it's just
me bitch okay so I'm going to give you a
close-up of all of this food so you know
like what we're working with
we got a taco 12-pack we have four inch
arre toes we have three Mexican pieces
we have two double decker tacos we have
two nacho grande we have one wet burrito
I've never had that before I don't even
know what the fuck that is I don't
really know what that white stuff is
either but but I'm still gonna eat it we
got four Crunchwrap Supremes we have a
two Big Chief burritos we have a box of
sentiments and we have a bag of cinnamon
twists also I know what you're thinking
Shane how or even make a cake out of
this like how are you gonna bind them
all together like it just seems like
it's just be a stack of Taco Bell which
sounds great but I'm about to fuck you
up a little bit because I got four hands
of tostito cheese dip so like a cake has
icing but like a Taco Bell cake
obviously as jeans also for garnishing
on the top I just want to thank Taco
Bell I've got the hook-up
once again the closest I'll ever get to
it hook up they gave me this bag full of
sauces and eighty-eight napkins
once again Taco Bell I'm alone but
thanks for thinking it's a party of 80
all right let's start cake by the way I
had a dream the other night that I met
Cake Boss
I'm he was like hey Shayna show you've
been making cakes on the internet and
I'm like yeah I know it's been a lot of
fun and he was like fuck off fetch
mopping and then I was like no no no
Cake Boss
you make really good like
edible kegs that like people actually
want I make like nightmare cakes where
like people see it and then they're like
I would never fucking eat that and like
I'm afraid for shame wife so a little
different
all right let's get cake it okay so I
lay down this plastic and now it kind of
looks like a murder scene and it's about
to be because I'm about to murder my
insides no I don't have a plate big
enough for whatever the fucking button
makes so that's why I have the plastic I
feel like we need like a solid base so
I'm going to start with in churritos so
I think we should put like four one two
three wait no that's too big three right
is that a good size for a cake oh my god
how am I not just gonna eat this all I
want to do is say fuck this video and
just pick this up and eat it actually
I'm gonna do that no no no shit
self-control
okay I'm gonna live it up oh my god
there is nothing like licking Taco Bell
I know most people would say I don't
know maybe the taste of a woman the
taste of a man taste of love and I'd say
no is there cheese in it because if
there's not and fuck it okay so now
we're gonna do our first layer of cheese
I fucking love this shit by the way none
of this is sponsored if anything I feel
like talk about does not want me to do
this also this cheese is so gross but I
fucking love it can you see there's like
weird air bubbles inside awesome what is
that number mean like I know that's
expiration date like April 23rd or 2017
which like is stupid cuz that's so far
away and obviously I'm gonna eat this
right fucking now what is that number
probably the number of your cholesterol
if you eat the whole jar I bought for
work oh I love that so oh my god oh look
at jiggle when we put a shank okay so
let's just pour oh my god oh my god oh
my god okay hold on hold on hold on and
you just smooth this baby out oh my god
what is that okay there's a booger in it
we're just gonna put that on the side
we're gonna ignore that
oh my god oh that's a solid first later
listen to it oh my god oh fuck
if you're wondering what kind of porn I
watch it's this ok next layer I think we
should obviously do Crunchwrap supreme
I feel like she's fuckin reign supreme
like it vistas American Horror Story
this would be Jessica fucking Lange
bitch and honestly these old-ass sad
bean and cheese burritos this would be
pepper which by the way did you know
pepper doesn't actually look like that
can you imagine booking that part and
being like yeah it gonna be on TV and
they're like get over here bitch I'm
about to make you bald and give you a
crazy fucking troll nose oh also I'm
gonna fuck up those teeth bitch Oh
people are gonna think you're a Hills
Have Eyes person people are gonna feel
bad for you yeah that's rough okay I
feel like we could fit two on here right
oh my god or maybe oh yeah that's good
oh wait let me cut this in half
woo we're doing some surgery bitch okay
so let's just spread out some cheese oh
my god oh god we need a little bit more
oh my god oh my god I don't know what
the fuck this is gonna turn into but I'm
gonna eat all of it
Oh movie I'm gonna eat all the D and
then I'm probably gonna die and nobody's
gonna find my body because nobody ever
comes to see me because they are too
scared of what crazy shit I'm gonna be
doing which is very true my next-door
neighbor came over one time just to like
say oh I got the mail by accident my
face was covered in peanut butter and I
had whore written on my neck welcome to
the neighborhood
okay a Mexican pizza time oh I love
Mexican pizzas I feel like they don't
get enough praise like I've definitely
talked about this before but like I'm
gonna talk about it again like Mexican
pizza she's like my tove love of food
you know what I mean like everybody
knows tobblo like we like her songs we
like her boys like she doesn't get any
crazy she doesn't have any stands I'm
just waiting for the day where my
Mexican pizza isn't just featured on a
song but gets her song okay next cheese
level oh my god and that is our first
empty container of cheap oh I love when
I accomplish something you know some
people accomplish real things or maybe a
painter creates a new piece of art a
mother raises a child I make this okay
next layer oh God
knockos bitch move they gave us a
collection of the fucking Dorito tacos
so we have Cool Ranch which by the way
in England they're called original like
cool is original I don't know why I just
told you that fun stacked because I'm a
world traveler also people in London
think I'm annoying they do not laugh at
my jokes I went to some place in London
where they were doing high tea and they
did not think me referencing myself as
the Queen over and over again was funny
but like when else you gonna be in
London and be able to call yourself a
fucking Queen when there's an actual
fucking Queen there bitch queen goals oh
my god look at that fucking layer fuck
oh my god okay alright I need to finish
this okay
next jar jeez oh my god this is what
fucking dreams are made of like I know
some people have dreams of like getting
married winning the lottery
my dreams are having enough cheese that
I could fill a trash bag poke a hole in
it get a straw and drink from it like a
fucking fat hamster like a fat ass
hamster who's fucking going
but it's cheese bitch instead of water
by the way if I was a hamster I would
never get that fucking wheel that would
be like putting a tribe meal in my room
you think I'm ever gonna fucking use
that I have a treadmill in my house have
I ever gotten on it
no oh I just want to be a fat hamster
six-layer oh oh I got it fucking nacho
layer oh my god oh my god that was
everything oh fuck oh yes okay I'm like
sweating I'm like excited I'm like
nervous it's nervous do you think
they'll make us nervous too oh my god
it's like serious and it's called
anxiety hands of the guide I'm Tyler
Oakley nagas having a snack attack Oh
everything boo we're gonna put this on
that I don't know what this is I really
have no idea but it's covered in blood
so I'm down oh my god did you hear that
oh wait should I do it this way
yeah right no wait fuck ah I hate being
an artist okay let's put another burrito
here no wait let's do through it there
we go
oh my god oh my god okay cheese smother
that on top oh my god oh my god oh fuck
it Oh what do we do now
ooh double deckers I don't know if you
guys never had these double deckers are
kind of like a secret menu item like not
that many people know about them but
their tacos wrapped in a fucking burrito
like I don't know who thought of that
but like if she runs for president
hashtag I'm with her okay let's split
this burrito in half so we can fill that
side oh my god I'm getting crafty I'm
getting inventive I'm just literally
making a pile of food thanks for
subscribing okay more cheese my god
what's next how tall should I make this
thing I think I'm gonna make this
tallest cake I've ever fucking me I
wanted to be fucking huge okay another
Crunchwrap more cheese right oh no oh
god oh god oh god it's starting to fall
apart oh shit okay
okay we might talk I'm like actually sad
about this okay it's fine we got this we
fucking got this more nachos no no no no
no no no oh no no oh fuck okay okay that
might be the last layer oh shit okay oh
my god oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
no no no stay with me stay with me oh
you know what I'll use the fucking
12-pack box keep her up we're gonna do
this bitch I got you Queen let's do the
last layer of cheese let's just fucking
pour the entire jar on top of it oh my
god oh fuck okay we need more cheese oh
my god okay last can alright oh god oh
my god oh my god okay it doesn't even
matter that the cake has fallen because
bitch the cheese is falling on top of
hub oh god okay we are going to finish
this bitch off with some fucking it's
gonna whatever these are called around
the side God bitch make a moat for that
cheese fucking make a dam and make a
barrier bitch with my little beaver hand
oh my god oh and then you know what
we're gonna garnish her some cinnamon
twists on top oh my god this is looking
good
if I was a kid I would want this to be
like my birthday cake I also would have
no
friends at my party cuz I'd be that
creepy kid who would want this as his
birthday cake are you going to Shane's
party I mean that creepy kid in these
piles of food no okay and now I think we
should add some fucking hot sauce I'm
thinking we do like what's Diablo I'll
make you sweat that's literally what it
says okay talk about your kind of
fucking creepy I'm gonna need you to
back up oh my god Oh bitch Oh who's a
fucking artist I am oh my god the way
that I'm doing this is very important
traffic oh fuck
I love this oh this is even better than
sex cuz I can eat it with no judgement
oh oh oh all right one more packet oh
fuck oh fuck oh shit it's got it all
over my walls alright you guys I think
we did it
alright here we have it our epic Taco
Bell cake
oh my god let me get around the side of
her oh my god uh-oh oh my god oh fuck
trust me I know it doesn't look that big
but it's very big in person not me
actually me for my body
not for my dick anyways alright time to
cut this bitch open okay I have a plate
here and I have a butcher knife let's do
this okay I'm drooling okay I'm thinking
Oh Hitler
where you going come back okay okay
let's do here oh fuck Oh
oh we were so close oh okay it's okay
it's okay it's gonna work we're gonna
salvage this oh well I mean it kind of
looks like a cake that looks like a
salami sandwich very confused okay let's
get another slice Oh
okay honestly that looks fucking good
fuck okay at this point it's just a pile
of food but I don't fucking care let's
eat this shit oh my god this kind of
reminds me of like you know when they
discovered the moon and like astronaut
put like a flag on top
I discovered this shit hold on
alright here we go that's one small step
for man and one big step to the doctor's
office after I eat this for me welcome
to planet taco Vale population well just
me okay it's time to eat it all so can
we just talk about how sweaty I am at
this point all the people that don't
think I work hard um look at my sweat
and I know what all the haters are
probably thinking about Shane it's just
cuz you're out of shape and because you
eat things like that and I'd have to say
you're fuckin right so let's eat okay I
have my piece of cake um more of a pile
really well let's buy into this pile the
imagine if you're on a date they said
that to you ooh let's bite into this
pile whoo laughs I'd marry them and like
honesty okay oh my god I just got the
biggest piece which is what my spouse
would say it would be buried me know
that sounds like I'm calling my penis
big again I'm not I'm talking about my
body is that clear it's clear all right
here we go it turns like a pile of Taco
Bell and they don't roll it up oh my god
the layer I just got a burrito and in
querido or cinnamon twist not gross
whatever that wet thing was oh my god
this is our wedding cake oh my god and
then like that little Taco Bell dog can
random
eylem bring us our rings I think that
dog is dead well whatever they can wheel
it out on wagon I'm sure it's stuff oh
my god and you know how like they throw
rice at weddings they can throw fucking
hot sauce packets and then instead of
throwing a bouquet they throw a nacho
grande this Taco Bell wedding is fucking
everything anybody want to get marry
know anybody good well it's my talk
about okay Oh Joe is that if you did
please give me a thumbs up so I know
also subscribe down below to my channel
because I make new videos everything and
again any more ideas for any giant cake
videos please leave down in the comments
and if you want to see more videos to be
making baked cakes or big milkshakes
I've done Twinkie cakes I have done
mcdonalds cakes I've been a lot of weird
shit I'll put a link to a playlist right
at the top description below and I will
see you a little tough about piles
tomorrow oh my god this is fucking
everything oh my god let's see how it
looks like far away Wow Oh God whoo this
trashcan just got a little sexy
