hey that's if you guys yes it is time
again for me to try some more girl
products but now that it's 2016 I feel
weird calling a girl products I'm just
going to call it trying products a sheen
shouldn't use because he's trash like I
don't consider myself any gender
honestly I'm the fucking trashcan and
like does a trash can have a gender role
besides being filled with trash but some
days I feel like a trash can and some
days I feel like a toilet
and honestly I'm both and you need to
accept that I know but in all
seriousness I do kind of feel weird like
I feel like I used to do these videos
and call the trying girl products and it
was okay but now I feel kind of weird
about it I don't know should I feel
weird sound off in the comments below I
don't know just know that if you're a
boy or beer girl or if you're
genderqueer or if you're literally
anything else
I accept you and I love you and I hope
that you are happy and I hope that you
know you can wear these products no
matter who you are even if you're a
fucking trash can toilet full of shit
like me okay let's get started now first
things first just because this is a
trying products video I feel like I need
to transform and get into my best self
so hold on yes bitch she's fucking back
this is my clip in bang which I wore the
last two product videos I fucking love
it I mean it is everything like if you
look up the word everything in the
dictionary you're not going to see this
but if you look at the word chode you
will I know so this is my clip-in bangs
um you just clip them onto your head I
don't even remember where I got them but
I just feel like it's gonna make my
makeup look even better also I'd be
lying if I said I didn't stare myself in
the mirror for like an hour after the
last time I wore this I literally was
listening to Britney Spears and like
dancing in the mirror while wearing this
and there's some things you should just
keep to yourself alright first product
okay Kylie so I have done a few videos
on Kylie products here can't see it this
is her I'm fuckin no Smurf jizz product
and then I had my fucking mind blown
because I get all these products from
eBay then I find out through Twitter
moments which by the way is where I find
out all of my news
get the celebrity die or if there's a
big disaster in the world more
importantly if there's a new cheetah
burrito like that's where I my news well
then I find on there that there has been
counterfeit Kylie products out in the
world that are on ebay and everybody
thinks they're fucking real including me
I fucking spent so much money on those
products I made videos wearing those
products and reviewing them and trying
them and then I found out that they're
fucking fake and I think this one's fake
too I feel angry I feel lied to
I feel like I just watched the pilot for
Robin China and I want my money back by
the way why the fuck why did they make
that listen I like Rob I feel so bad for
him like I can't even put into words
when I was watching the first episode of
that show I cried like every time he
came on screen I cried because I related
to him because I felt bad for him
because people are so mean to him and
I'm like China like I like her but I
don't think she should be on that show
she needs to be able to show where she's
like allowed to kill people
we're like I love this show her nipples
like a show where she can be herself
like I don't need blac chyna about to
give me my life I'm like without a titty
and then have Kris Jenner walk in and go
mmm I think we should all sit around and
talk about our feelings like fuck off
bitch I didn't know I had that much
inner anger for Kris who am i Caitlyn
honestly yes
at this moment mm-hmm anyways let's try
this out this is called skyleigh I love
that love that she just keeps on
bringing the puns it's never going to
get old is it Kylie I actually kind of
love this color this is just turning
into another beauty tutorial and I'm
uncomfortable but whatever I love this
color I think it's fun let's do a
close-up never mind
yup this is the color but it's fake
right I'm so confused
how do I know if it's real or not like I
don't even know what titties are real
like blac chyna for all I know could be
as real as it gets
and that's scary let's open it up oh my
god that is the one thing I love
these Kylie makeups first of all the
sound sounds just like Kylie second of
all is smell
she's like mixes candy in there or
something why is that good that's good
maybe this is the fake one and they just
like melted airheads and they're like
nobody will know if nobody will be dumb
enough to taste it cut to me wearing a
clip in wig tasting Kylie products all
right so less what wait first we got
fucking line our lips bitch I'm gonna do
this right this time cuz I did it wrong
the first time
okay here we go I'm just going to oh my
god I'm getting good at this
and that's scary oh my god I look like
Katy Perry
can we talk about Katy Perry from it are
there Katy Perry fans hahaha you know
and I mean like there is obviously like
I like her music too but like aren't
there like Katy Perry like stands like I
know Beyonce has them obviously I know
Gaga has them obviously I know Hillary
don't have them me but have you ever
seen like a Katy Perry like angry Stan
oh great how they're all gonna come at
me
I like Katy Perry I'm just wondering
like I've never really seen that what do
they call themselves
Kenny cats k cats Katy Perry's fuck I
don't know oh my god this is fucking
everything oh my god let's see how it
looks like far away wow oh my god whoo
this trash can just got a little sexier
like instead of a trash can now I'm like
a recycling bin
this looks good who am i turning into oh
god I just saw the future and it is
female next product okay this next
product I don't understand at all it's
called a custom fragrance blending mini
kid so I feel like it's like a create
your own perfume situation and that
sounds so fun to me that's the only
reason I've ever wanted to be a pop star
because like let's be honest I shouldn't
be need of a change
yeah that's why I'm in retirement okay
so the smells are amber vanilla I don't
trust her
tropical bloom that sounds like stupid
bullshit clean musk that sounds like
something you pretend is a scent when
really using you take a fucking shower
and citrus zest I hate that I hate zest
I hate citrus oh I think when people
think they need to have a lemon in
everything like fuck off bakers yes
bitch I'll have to drag the Baker's of
the world
stuffing lemon curd in things it's not
gonna fucking happen
you can put chocolate in literally
everything but keep lemon out of things
wait how does this work I'm very
confused
all right so there's these little
bottles and then do you just like mix
them together Oh what is that one oh
that's clean Musk this is something that
like people put on their body before a
tinder date cuz like they don't care
that much like they're just trying to
fuck like as long as they don't smell
like cheese they're fine or maybe that's
just my low standards this one is the
amber vanilla oh I can fuck with that
all day and I usually hate people like
amber but no offense if your name is
amber but I hate you top comment my name
is amber why do you hate my reply
because your name's amber I'm kidding
Oh tropical Lube new um okay I don't
know what to do with those so I'm gonna
move on I don't I'm not gonna put them
on I want to smell like there was my
review next okay this next thing is
called a fresh sugar honey lift
treatment I don't know if that means but
has sugar on it and that means I get to
eat it a trip to support me is kind of
like a trip to target like if I can eat
it
I'm gonna buy it like when I go to
Sephora and the makeup lady comes up and
she's like hi like I miss us like how
can I help you make yourself look more
beautiful today I say that's very cute
Cindy is it can I eat it but the
products can I eat it um this is a
makeup store that wasn't my question
Cindy so why don't you go to the back
room
find your fucking boss I'm assuming her
name is Gladys and I'm assuming she's
and wanted me tell that bitch to walk
her ass out here and show me what I can
eat you're a very scary woman I'm not a
woman Cindy I'm a fucking trashcan
toilet and my correct pronoun is shit
and then I leave and go to cold stones
but that's just me
okay let's try the sugar honey scrub
whew what okay whatever I was expecting
something pretty it kind of just looks
like dead dog's penis like I don't know
dead dog still get boners they do
anything me hahaha let's put that dead
dog dick on I live you in what is this
is turning black
Oh Cindy what did you give me no what is
this tinted lip treatment what does that
even fucking mean who kind of feels good
kind of feel like my lips are getting
treated which is the opposite of the
feeling people get what I kissed them I
have one person when I kiss them
literally go oh so I don't know what
that means that really scarred me for
life
next product okay so this is in Japanese
so I don't know what it is but the one
thing in English says can draw easy so
I'm just gonna fucking draw on my face
Oasis eyebrow boo and draw an eyebrow
this is gonna be fun
I don't even know where I got this or
why I have this this was something all
of these things by the way I found in my
house but like I was like I'll make a
video today and I was like walk around
my house like taking girl products from
random places
I found this behind the toilet let's
draw woo okay so I guess you just like
do this I already broke it well that's
fun okay and then I guess we just like
trough is
happening oh yeah well not really it
just looks like wrinkles which I don't
need more of I read the comments this is
just gonna mention any flashbacks
oh I'm gonna bring her back but it's
2016 and honestly I'm scared
like I get controversies enough as it is
by just my fucking eating videos can you
imagine if I was Sinead a 2016 I want to
try it but I'm fucking nervous cuz all
of our jokes are what you would call
triggering and problematic and Tumblr
fuel ah there you go my beautiful
eyebrows fun this is a stupidest fucking
video I've ever done can you imagine
gurus were like this synote did you guys
see that sprinkleofglitter video where
she's like I'm done being clean I'm
gonna put my pussy online I was like yes
bitch I wanna see that pussy I want to
see that pussy hey glitter monocle and
you show your pussy I show my pussy
we'll just be pussies everywhere just a
sprinkle of crabs would be great she's a
sprinkle of glitter I'm a sprinkle of
gonorrhea like it's not full-blown but
like its blessing alright last but not
least we have hair cha glitter hair
Shawn sprinkle I've used hair chalk
before and I like it
so I'm gonna keep doing Oh should we put
it on my fake hair okay let's use the
blue one because that's gonna show up
the best how does this work it's like an
actual piece of chalk this time mm all
right so I guess you just wipe it is it
working why is nothing happening Heller
wait is there like five layers of
plastic oh my god I just realized this
matches my Kylie lips
hi I'm themed is it not working oh wait
oh it's subtle like the opposite of
Kylie how does this wash out did I just
ruin my tummy bangs and piss also I've
been blown and that's everything oh my
god I look like Kelly Clarkson's fucking
behind these hazel eyes album cover look
um I just ruined my hair piece and I'm
so mad fuck cuz I don't think you can
watch this we should light it on fire no
no I can't do that
I've been lining too many things on fire
I think subconsciously it's one like
burn all my hair off so I could stop
having to do it maybe I'll shave my head
again I tried to shave my body yesterday
just because I was like ready for a
change and then I got really tired like
halfway through I would show you what it
looks like but all favor for the
sprinkleofglitter collab hi guys hello
it's me trying products not just girl
products products for anybody please
give this video a thumbs up if you liked
it also subscribe to the channel right
down below because I think the videos
every single thing and if you wanna see
more videos of me trying girl products
or trying all the other Kylie products I
did a bunch of those I'll put a link to
a playlist or at the top of description
below all right you guys Alice ooh you
little sky lease tomorrow
ahh so first we're gonna be talking
about one of my favorite people in the
entire world Britney Spears or is she
Britney Spears so I have a few different
theories about her today and the first
one is could she possibly be a clone
