hey what's up guys my name is Destry
welcome back to you WTF 5 an attempt to
make YouTube not demonetised every
single one of these videos I decided to
try not to say the f-word five times the
first two sentences so if I add frog ly
at YouTube anyways thank you so much to
Alice in wanderlust for the topic of
this week's video if you like to leave a
suggestion for a future WTF 5 video make
sure to leave that in the comments down
below but without further ado for
today's video we count down the top 5
innocent people that were sent to prison
number 1 Daryl Burton I've never done
something horrible and gotten away with
it for example I once poked a hole in my
friend's condom as a practical joke and
nine months later and his son Steven was
born sorry David I am the reason that
you now pay $500 in child support a
month haha God we'd be surprised to know
that a lot of the time innocent people
are sent to prison for something that
they didn't do well the real perpetrator
of the crime is out there still probably
still committing crimes well such was
the case for 22 year old Daryl Burton
who sentenced to life in prison for a
murder that he didn't commit as one
night in st. Louis of 1984 a 26 year old
man named Donald ball was simply getting
gas at a gas station when he was shot
and killed
weirdly this wasn't the only time that
he had an incident with a gun at this
gas station and was actually shot a year
prior from a rival gang yeah I don't
know about you but if I was shot at a
gas station I would not return to that
same gas station that I was shot it
seems like common sense a month later
two witnesses identified a local man
named Daryl Burton as the assailant of
his shooting and despite having nothing
to do with the murder he was arrested
and charged based on the damning
evidence that he was around during the
time of the shooting yeah no murder
weapon no motive just oh yeah he was
around he was around man I don't know he
had to have done good enough for me case
closed so Daryl get sentenced to life in
prison in just five months into it one
of the two witnesses that claimed that
they saw Daryl commit the crime decided
out of the blue to recant his statement
and basically be like oh you know what
judge you actually wasn't that guy so
Daryl was freed and lived out his life
happily ever after the end is what
should have happened but instead after
numerous petitions and now one of the
witnesses on Burton's side the
reinvestigation finally happened which
found Burton completely innocent and it
was released from jail in August of 2008
after just 24 years in jail what the
hell how do you mess up that
badly like what do you say as the
justice system to a guy who's just been
in jail for 24 years for something that
he didn't do hey so we're we're cool
right have fun with your remaining years
number two Michael McAlister in 1986
just two years after the first story on
this list another 22-year old man named
Michael McAllister was arrested and
charged with sexual assault simply for
looking like the guy that actually did
it apparently what had happened is that
a woman was assaulted by a man in a mask
and held at gunpoint but luckily she was
able to lift up the man's mask to reveal
some of the guy's features as well as a
red and white plaid shirt that the guy
was wearing when she then reported to
the police the police sketch was then
drawn up which are always 100% accurate
ma'am is this the man that attacked you
oh wow
yes that that is that is that is him
that is him you've really solved and
thank you so much and based on the
sketch of a man named Michael McAllister
who lived nearby was brought in and
identified by the victim as the man that
assaulted her coincidentally during the
lineup McAllister was also wearing a red
and white plaid shirt which was really
not helping his case so because of all
that he was ultimately arrested and
sentenced to 35 years in jail Wow
that is the most unfortunate thing I've
ever heard did you guys like my acting
right there wowie that is truly
unfortunate no seriously that that sucks
but shortly after Michael was sent to
jail a detective was investigating a man
by the name of Norman Durr who's been
committing several assaults in the area
and actually been followed to the
apartment complex - the assault took
place so he was actually brought in in
question as well but even when the
victim was shown the photo of Norman
Durr as a possible suspect she still
chose Michael McAlister over him and so
he remained in jail thankfully at least
Norman dirt did receive three
consecutive life sentences for the past
sexual assaults that he did so that's
good I guess but a 2004 McAllister was
finally released from prison on parole
but had to register as a sex offender
because I'm sure you probably have
guessed by now in a DNA test conducted
in 2013 it was proven that Norman Durr
was the actual perpetrator of the crime
and Michael McAllister had nothing to do
with it despite having spent the last 27
years in jail oh can you even imagine
like Weeki probably not even 27 yet so
just imagine that your entire life was
spent in a jail cell yeah can't even
imagine so anyways McAlister was finally
released in 2016 and was awarded a
million dollars for his 27 years in
which like yeah that's great you know at
least are giving this guy money unlike
the last guy on this list yeah we can't
give you any money box out would you
like a hug and perhaps it's the almost
empty bottle of Powerade its the blue
kind sorry it's hella gay
unfortunately now he wasn't able to
spend much of his money because he died
of natural causes in 2017 number 3
Richard Jones
Sir Richard Jones is a man from Kansas
City Missouri who was convicted of
robbing a woman outside of a Walmart in
1999 and despite there not being any DNA
evidence or physical evidence of any
kind the word of a single eyewitness who
admitted after the fact that he was
quote high on crack the people you come
across to Walmart I love it next time
can we do a top 5 weirdest walmart
people it's gonna be hard to limit it to
five people but I think we could do it
yes the man that was high on crack said
that he may have seen Richard Jones
robbed the woman and so he was arrested
and sent to jail so obviously Richard
was like what the hell I wasn't even at
Walmart why would I go to a place that
literally smells like babies in the ass
of a 90 year old woman with a leaky anus
so while he's in prison he reaches out
to the Midwest Innocence Project and you
know tells them his whole situation
basically says that young there might be
someone in this area that looks like me
who's committing crimes and as it turns
out that is exactly what it was not only
was the person that was actually
committing these crimes also named
Richard but here's a picture of Richard
and here's the picture of the guy that
actually did it literally the same
person never seen the movie the island
where they clone people this looks like
that this looks like they just cloned
this guy and one of them is the good one
and the other one is out there
committing crimes weren't even there yet
if you've seen them to be Judge Dredd
there's actually that exact storyline
where there's a clone of a guy and that
clone is the evil one so that looks like
this situation I'm sorry about the movie
references but what is this the same guy
so two years into investigating this the
Midwest Innocence Project are finally
able to get a retrial and they were able
to let the innocent Richard go on the
evil one is still out there somewhere
but not after already spending 17 years
in jail even more hilarious is the fact
that the prosecutors said that he
couldn't press charges on the actual
like evil Richard because a trial with a
single eyewitness who said he was on
crack wasn't enough to convict anyone oh
my god are you are you sure I'm sure
I can think of someone who might
disagree with you but how weird is that
like same city same like hairstyle same
name same facial hair like I don't know
that's just that's crazy
number four ready Peter and Brian nickel
burns so there's been a lot of stories
on this list of just cops making
mistakes getting the wrong guy this time
they come intentionally falsified
evidence to convict three brothers of a
crime they didn't commit that came to be
known as the Perth Mint swindle which
obviously sounds like the name of an
alternative Christian rock band hey guys
were the Perth Mint swindle this song is
called my hands are not for premarital
relations Sanford praying but the
Burkman swindle happened in 1983 when
six hundred and fifty thousand dollars
of gold was stolen from an Australian
Goldman and the single most daring heist
Australia has ever seen afterwards with
no immediate suspects officer Tony Lowen
doubts he pointed to the three brothers
as a possible suspect for some reason
where they were found guilty and sent to
jail for twenty years while in prison B
brothers tried to get their case
appealed saying that they were obviously
framed but only after already serving
eight years in jail where the brothers
finally released on parole in 2002
nineteen years after the robbery had
taken place officer Lewandowski admitted
to fabricating reports and forced the
three brothers to give false confessions
by having them beaten during
interrogations so yeah whoever actually
did this crime was able to get away with
it essentially because this one officer
wanted to pin it on these three innocent
brothers and like for what reason like
what did they do well anyways before
lewandowski could actually be processed
and sent to jail as being leave literal
worst cop ever he was found dead in his
home from an apparent suicide man I
really want to cut this guy out for
being a Butthead but I really don't want
this video to be de Bono to us oh can I
say wanker is that YouTube from anyways
the brothers were finally compensated
nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars
from the years spent in prison for the
Perth Mint swindle is still unsolved in
this day what's pretty cool though is
that in 2012 an Australian TV show was
made about me permit swindle called the
great mint swindle and you guys just
gotta watch this trailer because it's
great
how far was this detective willing to go
I just gonna take the scary narrator
voice in an Australian accent seriously
the most daring heist destroy he has
ever seen the most earring heist
Australia's ever seen the best part
though is when they list off the costume
brands Bolla
toddler sass Josh quant art and Shane
Bourne want polar kikiwaka choo whistle
make drizzle fizzle big names an
Australian Hollywood that you should
clearly know I'd probably watch it if
we're gonna be honest with each other
I'm totally watching it today and
finally at number five Arthur Allen
Thomas so while being convicted for a
crime you didn't commit probably sucks a
great deal of giraffe taint imagine
being convicted twice for the same crime
how what what yes Arthur Allen Thomas a
farmer from New Zealand was convicted of
the same crime twice after the 1970
murder of Harvey in Janette crew and
when I was researching this story to
actually figure out why the police even
arrested this guy to be good with the
only thing I could find is that the
police literally arrested this guy
because he lived in the same County as
the murders police in that count here
like do we have any suspects yet
well they do the deranged son that just
escaped from an insane asylum ah who has
a previous record of buying guns and
shooting them into the air shouting I
hate my parents but I can't find him
anywhere so I met that bomber did it
well I'm not following your logic there
Frank but let's go get that son of a
bitch so Thomas was arrested and during
the trial since there was next to no
evidence he was released only to be
retried a few months later as new
evidence had surfaced on a rifle shell
from one of his guns in the garden of
the couple's of state fortunately after
further investigation it was determined
that the shell had actually been planted
there by the police as extra evidence to
frame Thomas that hurt my throat
dramatic gasp but in 1979 after nine
years of being imprisoned he was finally
pardoned by the New Zealand government
but no charges were made against the
officers who falsified evidence and
there was no apology to his time being
sent in prison so what the hell New
Zealand I thought you were supposed to
be nice yeah freakin Lord of the Ring
and Maori warriors and cool accents
hspeed night it seems like whenever I
make one of these videos we end on a
note where we all distrust the world
just a little bit more
don't trust anyone guys anyways that is
it for this episode of WTF five
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you did
make sure to give it a like and also
subscribe really computer right right
now you did that ok let's redo that
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you did
make sure to give this video a like and
also subscribe to this channel as I will
be doing these every single week also
it'd mean a lot if you went and checked
out my first ever adventure vlog that I
posted on my channel I put a lot of work
into it and I think you guys will really
like it I'm trying to make kind of like
a series out of my adventures here in
Portland so yeah let me know what you
guys think you know I'm no Jake Paul but
my videos will make you want to drink
bleach just like it but that's it guys
I'll see you next week for another WTF
five thanks for watching
and bear wins
