what's like the most annoying question
that you get because my most annoying
one is when people say so YouTube what
is it what's like your thing where I
think mine sort of is like how do you
feel about the YouTube video I've had
some crazy crazy questions like do you
feel scared when you look in the mirror
what is fault my answer for myself a
beat hey what's up you guys yes today
we're gonna be doing another conspiracy
theory video and today we're gonna be
talking about celebrities the Illuminati
and some updates on the Mandela effect
so first we're gonna be talking about
one of my favorite people in the entire
world Britney Spears or is she Britney
Spears so I have a few different
theories about her today and the first
one is could she possibly be a clone now
we've talked about cloning celebrities
before a lot of the theories are pretty
far-fetched but this one I don't know I
kind of believe it so back in 2002
Britney Spears was on top of the world
she had number one albums number-one
singles sold out world tours she was
dating Justin Timberlake and they were
the most famous couple in the world and
then it all came crumbling down after
her and Justin Timberlake broke up
everything started kind of going to
Sheila's then she disappeared for a
little while she started acting kind of
strange the paparazzi was finding her
doing weird things she just didn't seem
like her sand then in 2004 she came out
with a really dark kind of fucked up
song about a girl who had been cloned
the song was called Mona Lisa I know
you're thinking Shane I've never heard
of that song exactly because the record
label didn't want anybody to hear it
okay so here's how the story breaks down
2004 Britney Spears secretly went to
work on some music she didn't tell
anybody in her record label she wrote an
album that she called original doll and
there was a bunch of songs on it that
she wrote herself and she had never
written use it before so these were all
coming from her heart there were songs
where she was talking about feeling like
a manufactured pop star there were songs
where she talked about feeling like she
was lying to people
and then there was Mona Lisa song
called
yeah no wonder the fucking record label
didn't want anybody to hear it what the
fuck were these beers we're talking
about being cloned what does that mean
Britney Spears didn't care that they
didn't want people to hear it she
literally went to a radio station in
2004 walked down the street with her dog
went in the building knocked on the door
and said I want you to play my song so
the DJ that was on the radio that day
his name was Jesse and he just didn't
interview talking about it and this is
what he said they told me Britney Spears
was on the phone and that she wants us
to play her new song usually you don't
believe stuff like that but an hour
later the singer was outside the radio
station with a bodyguard her Chihuahua
and a CD in her hand so she went to the
station they played the song I'm the
record label lost their shit and after
that legally she wasn't allowed to put
out any of that music now some of the
employees that worked at her record
label at the time said this we were
unfamiliar with the album original doll
was never scheduled internally it kind
of makes you wonder wonder what was on
that home I wonder what secrets she
talked about what was so crazy that they
did not want us to hear it just to go
back to the cony thing for a second a
few years after that she released a
music video and the video was about her
being cloned
yeah it's literally about her being in a
cloning Center I mean how many hints is
she gonna drop now another theory on my
Britney Spears feels like she's kind of
a fraud or she's fake or she's not being
herself is because when she started
singing at a young age her voice was
very different now we know Britney
Spears because of her signature baby
voice but back then
yeah she had a big voice powerful voice
she even had it later on in her life
so that's her actual singing voice but
then she started working with a producer
named Max Martin now max Martin created
so many huge hits for pop stars he's
kind of a go-to guy well recently in an
interview he talked about the fact that
he had this idea to turn Britney Spears
voice into kind of like a baby voice and
a little nasally so he taught her how to
sing like that so it was goodbye big
voice and hello this sing now that voice
is hard for her to do it's hard for
anybody to do just try it if you try to
sing in a baby voice for longer than
like two minutes your throat starts hurt
well the theory goes that singing like
that for a few years actually affected
her voice and she can't even do it any
and that's why she never sings live and
that's why she lip-synchs
that's why there's so much auto-tune on
her albums because she completely messed
up her voice by singing in a fake voice
take a look at this perform it's just a
couple years after she started doing the
baby voice and you can tell it's
effective this way
now this last theory about Britney
Spears is something that blew my mind
and it's not even a theory it's true so
remember back in 2007 I think it was
when Britney Spears went crazy she
shaved her head she beat up an SUV with
an umbrella and everybody's like oh my
god she's lost her mind and I found out
so recently her old manager at the time
Sam Lutfi was in court and he said
something that nobody had ever thought
about he said the reason she shaved her
head wasn't because she went crazier
because she was having a breakdown it's
because the next day she had to do a
drug test and if she failed that drug
test
she wouldn't get to see her kids and she
loved her kids so fucking much that she
was willing to do anything to pass that
test and supposedly she had been doing
meth but she quit for a while because
she was trying to get sober but meth
stays in your system for a very long
time and it can be found in your
and it makes you wonder wait I hole had
shaving thing is what mean people think
Britney Spears is like insane but what
if she just was a drug addict and what
if she was struggling with it and what
is she just really fucking wanted her
kids back maybe she wasn't as crazy as
we think or maybe she was cloned and she
was having some kind of a flowing
breakdown either way very weird speaking
of music our next conspiracy theory is
something that I've been wanting to talk
about for a while and that's hidden
messages in songs so I don't know if
you've ever heard about this but there's
certain songs where if you play them
backwards you can hear hidden creepy
messages so one of the most famous
subliminal messages is in the song
another one bites the dust and
supposedly if you play it backwards you
can hear him saying it's fun to smoke
Mirabal so here it is playing normally
and another one then another one another
one buys the best day and here it is
reversed did you hear it I don't know I
mean I fucking heard it but it could
just be a coincidence but this next one
is definitely not a coincidence and I'm
warning you it's fucking creepy so the
song is called the final scream and
there's a part in the song where it says
goodnight daddy
well if you reverse it I'm not going to
tell you just listen so here it is
playing normally here it is reversed oh
oh my god that's one of the groupies
things I've ever fucking heard now this
next one is probably the most famous and
it's the song stairway down now there's
a lot of theories about the band Led
Zeppelin mainly that there's a lot of
satanic shit going on the guitarist
Jimmy Page was fascinated by sameness he
even bought a mansion that was owned by
a former really famous Satanist and you
know the theory that you can sell your
soul to the devil for fame or Talent
a lot of people think he did so here is
a clip of the song playing
for some reason that one like gives me
goosebumps it's just I don't know shit
dealing with Satan and 666 and all of
that just freaks me well speaking of the
devil
her next conspiracy is about Taylor
Swift now we have talked about her a lot
there's theories that she is part of the
Illuminati there's theories that she is
a descendant of like the creators of
Satanism there's a theory that she goes
on and like writes really crazy shit on
message boards it's a lot of theories
about her now this theory about her is a
little more subtle than the others
that's what makes it great beer so
throughout Taylor Swift's life in her
career she's had an obsession with the
number 13 now to most people the number
13 is the most unlucky number unless
you're Satanists are unless you're in
the Illuminati so basically the
Illuminati is made up of 13 bloodlines
that basically means 13 different
families who have been in control of the
Illuminati so that's why the number 13
is very important to them and so let's
start with the day she was born December
13 and by the way it was Friday the 13th
whenever she played sports as a kid she
would pick the number 13 when she had
live performances sometimes she had the
number 13 Shug beat on her hand
her debut album fearless had 13 tracks
now most albums usually only have 11 she
wanted to make sure that hers had
exactly 13 at the end of her huge world
tour Taylor did a special mean read with
some fans and she made sure that it went
on for exactly 13 hours first of all
that's a long fucking time
that's insane so why was she so adamant
on making it 13 hours also when she
started Twitter she could have very
easily add Taylor Swift be her Twitter
names and she's a celebrity but instead
she decided to have it be Taylor Swift
13 her first number-one song hit number
one in his 13th week and she said in
interviews that any time she goes to an
award show she tries to sit and seat 13
or a seat that kind of correlates with
the number 13 and then in 2009 she had
the infamous moment Kanye West
embarrassed her in front of all the
people the VMAs
now I know you're thinking shame that
doesn't have anything to do with the
number 13 but it might have something to
do with the Illuminati initiation
process now supposedly when the
Illuminati is looking to initiate
somebody into their group you have to go
through an initiation and one of the
biggest ways they do that is by public
humiliation they want to see how you
handle being humiliated and if you
handle it well you're in now if you
remember when she won the award she was
wearing a silver dress and then of
course this happened go Taylor I'm
really happy for you I'm let you finish
but Beyonce had one of the best videos
of all time
when the best videos on town
and then she handled it pretty well she
didn't freak out she didn't cry she
didn't get mad at him and then later
when Beyonce was on stage she asked
Taylor come up and finish her speech and
of course a lot of conspiracy theorists
think that Beyonce is very high up in
the Illuminati
well Beyonce was wearing a red dress
which is a signature color of the
Illuminati guess what color dress Taylor
was now wearing so I liked for Taylor to
come out and have her moment as we
talked about earlier the 13 bloodlines
of the Illuminati are 13 different
families one of the families is the
Kennedy family wait a minute didn't
Taylor Swift date one of them she's in
Hyannisport again literally with the
Kennedy this time uh Robert coincidence
no now back in the day there was another
really famous celebrity named Marilyn
Monroe and supposedly she had an affair
with the president was John F Kennedy
who supposedly is part of the bloodline
now on his birthday in 1962 she went up
on stage and sang in the song
there was already a rumor they were
having an affair but this just kind of
concreted well just a few months later
she died and a lot of conspiracy
theorists think that she got really
close to him she found out about the
Illuminati but she was going to expose
them so they had her killed her death
was ruled as a drug overdose and a
suicide but it seems pretty easy to
think I don't know all I'm saying is I
don't trust anybody all right so this
next theory kind of involves politics
which is definitely not my thing but
when I heard about this something about
it really creeped me out I had to talk
about it and that is the theory Hillary
Clinton is hiding a really serious
disease now I know a lot of people are
like Shane why would she hide a disease
why don't you hide an illness well if
you're running for president people
don't want to vote for you if you have
an illness you probably shouldn't even
be running if you have an illness well
she says she's fine then some evidence
came out here's a clip of her talking to
reporters when she has what looks like a
seizure check it out it was a wonderful
meaningful endorsement in every way and
I was the same event from another angle
now listen I know a lot of people could
say oh she's just kidding around maybe
the question was confusing and she liked
me to joke like oh that was confusing
but it went on for a long time like a
little too long to be just a joke it
looked like she literally didn't have
control over her face or muscle
movements well then a youtuber named
Blair White made this video and she
talked about some evidence that she
found check it out
so let's take a look at the next piece
of evidence that something is wrong with
Hillary take a look at this guy so this
guy has been seen pretty much everywhere
with Hillary and you would think just by
you know his attire that he's a
bodyguard or Secret Service maybe even
an adviser but he's also been seen
wearing this badge which shows he's
actually a paramedic
so a paramedic is following Hillary
Clinton around
he's also been seeing holding what some
people say is some
kind of injection or injectable device
personally I think that one's a little
hard to tell anytime Hillary is on stage
and appears to be in some sort of like
stress induced frozen State he rushes
over and like coaches her back to
reality yeah she has a paramedic with
her at all times who is pretending to be
a bodyguard then there's a bunch of
pictures that came out of her being
helped up staircases and her being like
propped up at different conventions
almost like she's weak and she can't
really hold herself up and then it came
out that four years ago Hillary had a
blood clot removed from her head
symptoms of blood clots weakness
problems with vision or speech a upward
spiral
seizures then dr. drew on his TV show
talked about he had some concerns for
her health there two other things that
gravely concerned us when she hit her
head she had to wear these prism glare
eye when she came out that is brain
damage few days after that episode aired
his show was canceled and his show was
successful he was cancelled out of
nowhere then a writer for The Huffington
Post wrote an article he's been noticing
some problems with Hillary's health and
he was just questioning whether or not
she could be President with these health
problems
well his articles were deleted and he
was fired Huffington Post where I was a
contributor they have revoked my
publishing access and they have deleted
both of my articles that were published
earlier over the weekend both of my
articles have been pulled without notice
of any kind just completely deleted from
the internet and both of those articles
mentioned Hillary's health I don't know
I mean all signs were pointing to the
fact that maybe there's something going
on with her that she's hiding I really
know what it is it could be an illness
or somebody be controlling her either
way there's something very disturbing
about all ok so last but not least we're
going to do some updates on the Mandela
effect so you guys have been hitting me
up a lot on my Twitter and Instagram and
stuff showing me different things that
you've noticed first of all Skechers I
used to have those shoes when I was a
kid those are pretty much the only shoe
that my fat foot could fit in and I
always remembered it being spelled
Skechers and then I saw this sketch knit
from Skechers a revolution in seamless
comfort what okay that looks wrong right
doesn't that logo look wrong then
somebody tweeted me about the
Flintstones now I used to watch the
cartoon I saw the movie flinstones meet
the Flintstones nope
it was Flint stones the whole time
what that tea was not better I
specifically remember flinstones then I
found out that my favorite food is a kid
toasty no pizza rolls were never called
toasty no vehicles well done mom what's
drama more fun Totino's pizza rolls
what Totino's that's no fuck no that's
not what it was then I found out that
the Looney Tunes is not spelled tunes
it's felt toons Looney Tunes that makes
no sense they're not singers it's Tunes
like cartoons and last but not least
this one really fucked me up because I
remembered this so when Sally Field won
an award at a show she went up on stage
and she said you like me you really like
me and this became something that a lot
of people made fun of it was on TV and
people made fun of it movies lovely
really would like me you really like me
well then we all found out that's not
what she said and I can't deny the fact
that you like me right now you like what
how can we all remember it as you like
me really like me and people have even
talked about in movies and that's no man
was I don't know these fucking Mandela
effects fucking me up if you have any
more please let me know down in the
comments I am fascinated by this maybe
tweet them to me with like hashtag
Mandela shaming or something well there
you guys go down some uh conspiracy
theories for today if you want to see
more videos of conspiracies and creepy
shit please give this video a thumbs up
also subscribe to my channel right down
below because I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see all my
other conspiracy theory videos and my
Mandela
videos I'll put a link to a playlist or
at the top of description below at you
guys I will see you stones tomorrow
Flintstones ok these are not the
cinnamon sticks also these are making me
uncomfortable
these are making me question myself
these are making me want to compare
myself and I'm gonna come up short
