guys you just finished our podcast with
Lizzy it was so much fun we talked about
sex we talked about food we talked about
everything all the things that I talk
about all the time how did you enjoy it
is amazing did it make you uncomfortable
yep perfect go to another punch I'll put
the link down there so I'm glad to
accomplish any friends Mike heads if you
guys yes I'm a fucking mess
I did not shower I did not wash my shirt
there is some kind of a weird booger
vomit stain on it and there's some kind
of weird vomit booger thing growing out
of my collar
oh wait that's my head and I also have
not brushed my teeth in four days and I
literally just pulled out a piece of
chilli
I don't eat chilli so I'm doing great
but I don't know about you when I'm
feeling this way usually I like go for a
job or I like grab my journal and I go
to the beach and I just like jog out my
dreams sometimes I even call a loved one
or a friend just have him talk to me
like relate to me and like discuss my
issues and then if I'm feeling really
stressed and overwhelmed I pray I also
fucking lie a lot what I really do is
buy a fuck ton of pizza yes I got a
bunch of shit from Papa John's which I
never had before
I tried Domino's I tried Pizza Hut I
tried honestly a lot of sexual
activities that I should not have tried
and I'm still in pain but I've never had
a Papa and I'm ready so I don't even
know if Papa John's is something that's
around like the country I know I grew up
with it and I was afraid of her mainly
cuz I was afraid of my own Papa and he's
just the word Papa
triggered me but now that me and my Papa
are good and we've reconnected I'm ready
to have Papa John fill up my guts also I
like the fact that with my piece says
Papa brought me about 85 plates she
didn't know I was diving so low okay
let's get into this I am so excited okay
we are going to start with just the
classic pepperoni I like to start with
classic and then work my way up for
doing the craziest shit but I like to
start with light fisting and then work
my way up to putting an entire unicycle
up my ass sometimes I like to put a red
nose on my face ago I would have gotten
the clown anyways also just wanna talk
about this box for a minute who is that
and also why are you gonna put an
attractive in shape person on my pizza
box this is like a before and after
picture you would see at the gym why
would I want inspiration on top of my
fucking extra-large pizza Papa that's
right
Papa thinks he knows what's good for me
guess what Papa I need you okay I do get
him enough okay so as you can see it's
already been eaten I actually did have a
friend over and he tried some of this
I'm not lying
I usually lie about that and I say oh I
had a friend over and they tried the
food beforehand the hook cut to me alone
in my three extra-large Britney Spears
shirt watching Big Brother eating the
food but this time it was an actual
person what the hell is this sorry
there's a little like sauce container in
the side of the box I've never seen this
before
Oh special garlic dipping sauce what why
okay let's do this also what Papa you're
just fuckin too much sometimes okay I'm
gonna take this piece right here because
she's almost as big as my head and I
only put things in my mouth that are
bigger than my head just like when I'm
taking a picture with somebody like if
they're not bigger than me I'm not
taking a picture with them yesterday I
was feeling kind of fat so I took a
picture with a huge McDonald sign just
so I could look a little bit smaller yep
didn't work all right let's see actually
no let's dip ooh the fuck oh my god the
way this smells is what bad breath
tastes like like who wants that okay
here's my pizza it's very average
there's a close-up of baboom now let's
dip actually you know what oh my god is
a cheese sounds like fucking cheese okay
I'm going to ignore the snow and just
put it in my face
oh my god I don't know who you are I
don't know where you're from I don't
care what you want
as long as you love me oh my god this is
see this is my problem I can't just do a
dick you know what I mean
I got pour it all over myself just look
everything in life but oh my god this is
so good all in you're squishing Oh I
mean accident sorry poppet oh fuck
turn around how are you through this ha
don't look oh okay that was everything
and then some okay next pizza is suspect
I don't remember what she is but I love
her anyways uh no I don't know what this
is let me smell it me put it that's how
they determine gender doctors like you
have the baby of doctors like oh it's a
hold on oh there's a girl um doctor did
you just smell my baby's pussy yes she
is gonna be ugly
okay let's see ooh you know what I just
accidentally made a panini but I'm okay
with that or calzone calzone in the zone
lab let every latina oh I just Hillary
Clinton - this is good I don't know what
it is me when I'm a doctor and I take a
bite of the baby okay there's pineapple
on it wait is that kind of you know
that's chicken
okay that's confusing papa there's also
ham or bacon or fruit I don't fucking
know but I like it also there's no sauce
which is weirding me out
why is there no sub there's no sauce is
this a thing pop up like Pizza Hut has
sauce Domino's ass off
where's the sauce like his Papa just
bringing me cheese like I feel like Papa
like ol me he was gonna give me like
everything and then Papa like left out a
few things kind of like on Christmas
when I'd be like oh I want a hot wheel
set my little pony some rollerblades a
wig a baseball bat bro you know just all
little boy things and then when
Christmas comes my pup is gone that's
like a turd once again with five
although we might not be fine after me
making lots of jokes about fitting
Papa's in my mouth well we'll both go to
therapy they don't bring us closer next
pizza okay what is this one
this one looks very similar except it's
bleeding okay so there is sauce on this
one and there is pineapple and there is
chicken but the sauce does not look
right
what is that why is the sauce borderline
black oh my god borderline black like
I've seen that on somebody's tinder also
this is kind of what my tinder picture
used to look like you know what like you
look at a picture of yourself and you
vomit well this isn't about that when
you look at a picture of yourself you're
like oh I look good and then like five
months later you look at it and it looks
like this and you go why did I post that
that's mm away plenty no no no I'm sorry
what is that that's Chinese food you're
not supposed to put Chinese food on a
fucking pizza pop up now Papa I know
you're like experimenting and you're
like what should I do to spice things up
it's boring being just a normal pop all
the time well this is not the way to do
it wear a wig you know buy a Corvette
start using the term shook I don't know
Papa do something else this is not it I
know this is gross I hate it this is the
first Papa fail of the day I'm not a fan
Oh Papa give me something good
oh fuck oh my god okay I think I know
what these are I think these are the
fucking cinnamon sticks nope okay these
are not the cinnamon sticks also these
are making me uncomfortable
these are making me question myself
these are making me want to compare
myself and
gonna come up short I guess these are
just normal breadsticks but they smell
like an armpit and I want to lick it
okay let's try this I want this one cuz
it's like thin like it's not
intimidating it's long but it's like
thin and like I know I can shove it down
my entire throat also it's crusty and
like I relate so here we go alright
Papa's grabs the back of my throat oh
god that was like somebody put their
finger in my throat and I liked it but
then they scratched my throat and I
don't like that but you can shove your
fist in my mouth I'm okay with that but
cut your nails that's my first thought
when I look at Joker's of his nails like
they're pretty and like I get it there's
like crystals on them but like how you
gonna pick an ass and not scratch the
surface that's dangerous and I'm sorry
mr. paid up this is Bob though I would
fuck this breadstick up where's my sauce
did they not give me ranch puppy you
don't know me which is what we'll say in
therapy oh no this is bomb I love it I
need some dessert oh here she is
here's the dessert I love that she's wet
I love that on the box there's no
picture of some fucking in shape
handsome man I love it it's just a bunch
of grease me oh my god what's up
fuck okay so these are their version of
cinnamon sticks I'm making of the pull
apart like cinnamon stick you dip it in
but this is like first of all what
happened who did that but also like it's
just like a big pan of it fuck how do
you eat this or should I take 100 oh my
god you pull it apart like fuckin I
don't even know what oh oh this is gonna
get fucked up
like after the camera turns off its
gonna get gross like on camera I'm gonna
be like dude mmm yummy they're gonna cam
turns off oh my god by the way this is
fucking good oh my gosh this oh this is
better than any other pizza hot Domino's
what
sant√© mystics and I know you're
probably confused because I love my like
cream sauce like the icing thing and
this doesn't have it but this isn't
fucking neat it this is not a sponsored
by Papa but honestly I fucking wish it
was oh my god oh my god and it's one of
those things where I just wanna like dig
you know I mean and then just like oh
just get inside all of Papa's crevices
you know I mean like you know like when
you're digging around in a couch with
your fingers and you find like gross ass
shit and you're like oh toenail
clippings in a dead bug is Mama's juice
and then you just go oh I don't feel
like going to the bathroom and washing
my hands that's too much work nope just
me okay don't worry though
we got another dessert so this is their
version of like oh sorry is is so
beautiful I need a minute this is their
fucking brownie cookie platter there's
so much about this that I love I don't
know where to start
it's like it's our wedding and I'm like
doing the vows I don't know where to
start with brownie cookie butter there's
just so much about her that I love and I
know that I'm gonna be together with her
fucking forever or at least the next
five minutes as you like gobbler up and
sugar up I'll see you guys at the
reception
alright let's take her out packaging oh
my god I want one in the middle oh I'm a
whole new level of gross today just all
of it oh my god oh my god oh my god okay
okay oh my god oh my god I can explain
okay I need like I need to show you not
a gross or the thought would be I was
trying to show you how mushy or what
like its really mushy like it's not like
a it's like I don't even think it's
cooked which I'm okay with like it's
like this mushy
fudgy fucking melted oh my god fucking
make into a ball fuckin pudding - purse
carried on the go fucking mush up
brownie in my bag swag and then like
when you're in the middle of like an
awkward situation with somebody you
don't want to be with you could just say
I don't like you I want to be the person
that ends all conversations by shoving
in a brownie in my
I don't know just goals wait is that it
no what is this I'm into the box hello
it's like Christmas except the opposite
of Christmas because Christmas is like
what is this oh there's nothing okay
this one is very wet like he looks very
sick and like he just threw up and he
still looks better than me oh no as a
vegetable listen I'm not anti vegetables
well I'm not gonna do my bed you ran
I've done it too many times I just I
don't know like if you're gonna eat
vegetables eat vegetables don't put it
on a pizza and pretend like you're being
healthy like oh no I just eat veggie
pizza because like pepperonis like too
much for me uh you know what else is too
much for you three pounds of cheese that
they put on top of this shit a fucking
huge loaf of bread that you're consuming
oh and then you have like little
Tomatoes you're so lucky healthy fuck
you you're stupid you're not better than
me and you're worthless trash alright
let's try this shit there's a close-up
not that you want it hahahaha me every
time I turn on a camera
did I just snort like a pig gonna be a
meme what's hanging out of my mouth I'm
a gross fucking piece of shit fuck off
yeah so Papa tries to cook like Papa
don't cook for me there's any money and
I'll go buy something did you ever have
that like your parents would try to like
pack you a lunch maybe like oh that's
cute but I don't feel like having
diarrhea all day at school though pass
me a five like no thank you mom I don't
need a mayonnaise peanut butter chicken
sandwich and I know you sought 30-minute
meals by Rachael Ray and you were
combining your ideas but like you need
to keep that shit to yourself I just
passed me some Monty and if you don't
have Monty that's fine
steal some from Grandma she's not
fucking looking anyways I just realized
through the course of this video just
like how fucked up I am in every way I'm
a mess my family issues are prevalent
but I just want to say I joke a lot
about family stuff and I joke a lot
about hating myself and it's all true
I'm not kidding it's just all jokes I
love my family my family
along a grandma she's dead but we got
along and reconnected with my dad and
that's going well this just got too real
I just want to let you guys know that
even though family can be the fucking
worst you're going to be with them till
they're all dead
so like how come all right guys go that
was me eating pizza and talking about
family hopefully you enjoyed that if you
did please give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe to my channel right down
below because I make new videos every
single day and if you wanna see more
videos of me eating pizza or fast food
or weird ass food I'll put a link to a
playlist right at the description below
and you guys I will see you little
pizzas hi okay so I think what we're
gonna do is just pour it right on to the
chips and then just spray-paint it by
the way the chips are now getting very
greedy not black at all this is working
great
