hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
according to the laws of Montana seven
or more Indians is considered a four
party and it's technically legal to
shoot them all so sex with goats is
legal in Tennessee looks like I'm moving
to Tennessee if I write no but four days
less we count down these weird laws and
more as we go over the five weirdest
laws in the United States so number one
in Alabama is illegal to engage in bear
wrestling matches what does this mean
like two bears wrestling each other or a
man and a bear either one is confusing
but rarely the law came into effect in
1996 when bear wrestling was a popular
form of entertainment in Alabama
must've been cool to be arrested for
bear wrestling and be in jail like I've
murdered 12 people you better watch out
for me what are you in here for I
wrestled a bear holy shit that's
hardcore number two in Idaho it's
illegal to fish from a giraffes back
what this one just makes me more ashamed
to be from Idaho every time I hear a lot
like this though I just laugh to myself
imagining why they had to create it sir
please get off the giraffe nah man
totally legal show me the law that says
I can't fish mature ass back surely the
law eventually the law was amended to
later state that it's illegal to fish
from any animals back but again this one
doesn't make a lot of sense then again
this is coming from the same state that
made it illegal to be seen in public
without smiling number three in Arizona
you're not allowed to have more than two
dildos in any household don't want
people having too much fun in Arizona I
guess this is why it's a good thing that
I live in Oregon I could have as many
dildos in my house as I want wait what I
also don't really understand this one
because literally anything can be
considered a dildo if you're brave
enough well so what happens if you're in
a college dorm or something hey Becky
can I use your dildo again I'm sorry I
lent it to Bertha down the hallway oh
shoot
guess I'm gonna have to use my shoe
again gross edit before
in Delaware alcohol may not be served in
nightclubs if dancing is occurring in
the same place man doing shows and
Delaware must suck for DJs everybody's
nice
you're under arrest sir Daniel and
finally number five this last law is for
all you sick degenerates out there cuz
in Montana it's illegal for a man and a
woman to have sex in any other position
than missionary style what where's the
fun in that
oh yeah let's do doggy style what are
you crazy let's just continue in this
position for another 20 seconds and then
afterwards we can drink bleach together
because fuck this seriously that why is
this a law and how could they ever
enforce it do they just have someone
watch you have sex and be like man's no
no that's not allowed sir please stop
that tongue was made for singing the
gospel and eating food not that that is
it for this episode of what the fuck
five so hopefully you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure to give it a like and
also subscribe to the channel as there
will be more every Saturday also be sure
to check out my channel at youtube.com
slash Captain Estes just uploaded a what
the fuck news so if you guys are fan of
that show definitely check this shit out
and Oklahoma mom was in the news this
last week when she married her own
daughter after previously being married
to her own sons that said though guys
I'll see you next week for another what
the fuck five thanks for watching and
favor with
