hey that's my guys yes I am blackhat it
again I will never say that again and
I'm making more black food last time I
made a black pizza and that was inspired
by my friend Rob over threat bangers
because he's been making black food
lately so today we're gonna be making
black bread baby
hey man what's up it's ruff oh I'm
actually over here making black nachos I
got black chips like cheese black sour
cream just blackest fuck listen so
exactly what we were talking about the
other day I just got off the phone with
YouTube and they said it's official they
are D monetizing all galaxy videos
advertisers want nothing to do with that
anymore so we got a we got to go along
with this whole black food trip hey as
long as you don't do blackface and now I
kid but seriously don't fucking do it
trust me hashtag black is the new galaxy
oh my god
we should make Rebecca black black wait
yeah oh no I won't
I won't do that now hey I'm gonna let
you go good luck with the black nachos
I'll see how they turn out just don't
don't use anymore that's black spray
shit that's just gonna kill you dude
okay yeah I'm gonna go right see you
anyways back to nachos okay so I have my
chips which by the way on the back it
says a party with queso is muy bien oh
well a party with black nachos is going
to make everybody sick hi
okay like I love chips more than I love
hi I'm Nicole memes and if you haven't
seen them you're missing our hey guys
it's Nicole okay so I guess we should
probably black off' I the chips first
now I looked for black food coloring
like the drops because I guess those are
more effective but um the one scarf we
didn't have them and I didn't feel like
going to any other so I just got more
black spray and honestly this is just
easier and well I'm all about making
things very easy with no effort which is
why I don't understand people who jump
off the top of buildings to kill
themselves this is gonna get dark but
stay with me you're gonna walk up all
those stairs you're gonna have your last
moment on earth be you sweaty tired legs
hurt maybe getting a cramp and you're
gonna jump off bitch
you could just whoo this is getting
really dark no you know what stay with
me you could just kill yourself at home
and your fuckin pajamas in the garage
you could literally not even leave your
bed but if you want to walk all the way
downtown to go to some high fucking
building why if I ever do it let's move
up okay let's make these chips black
alright ah yeah oh it's so satisfied now
once again it doesn't look good like I
don't want to eat this actually maybe
that's a good thing
maybe that's the new diet make all your
food black you won't touch it but you
could take the most delicious food in
the world and if you made it black it
would be the taste equivalents of pink
berry and you know how I feel about
Pinkberry
okay these are actually turning green so
I don't know if this is really working
on these chips they're literally smoking
now why are they smoking okay time to
make the cheese black now so see this
cheese is my shit this is not sponsored
I used to eat this with a fucking spoon
that sound brings back so many memories
a lot of Friday nights alone a lot of
Friday nights going to Blockbuster with
my mom do you have ever used to go to
Blockbuster do any of you know that is
well if you don't know Blockbuster was a
place where me and my mom would go we
fight over trying to
the movie she'd want a romantic comedy
I'd say mom that's creepy because I'm
your son
she'd say it's not my fault you're the
only man in my life do we've been
something with a lot of sex scenes and
just curl up on the couch together and
watch let's make my memories black all
right time cheese so I guess I should
just spray it right into this jar I
don't know what this is gonna do I feel
like this is too much cheese that it
actually will not turn a different color
but let's try okay let's mix it together
okay nothing happened
let's try to add more all right still
not there okay so I think what we're
going to do is just pour it right onto
the chips and then just spray-paint it
by the way the chips are now getting
very greedy not black at all this is
working great all right just pour those
are on tap
no okay sighs oh there is literally
another ghost in my house this is just a
total side note the whole time I've been
making this video there's the noises in
that room at the haunted rooms at the
psychic - it's clear down it's fucking
back I think I went on vacation and when
I came back home I was hearing it again
it's fucking freaking me out so I'm just
letting you know if I die or if
something comes up and fucking bullshit
and sucks me into the world it's
whatever the fuck is living in that room
okay that's not just you know we could
do okay I'll make the nachos and then
we'll give it to the ghost as like a
peace offering
cuz I feel like a ghost with like black
nachos right because it ghost doesn't
have a real stomach that won't reject it
whatever we'll see door goes - got you
okay let's pray jeez oh no oh if I bring
the ghost to this he is gonna kill me
for sure oh my god
oh this is the grossest thing I've
absolutely stuff yeah that's fucking
disgusting
what am i doing okay now let's add the
ground beef now this is a vegan ground
beef not because I'm like vegan or try
it's because I didn't feel
cooking real ground beef and this is
just already made but I do support the
vegan life okay it's definitely a big
clump see it's taste that's good
what's in that I have no fucking idea
but let's destroy it black blue color
all right so this put some chunks on
there I hope the ghost is a vegan I just
feel bad because it ghost is in my
workout room which like no wonder he's
haunted the shit he sees sometimes I go
on the treadmill with no pants on it is
not cute
the ghost probably saw my ass I thought
he was seeing the light all right let's
black the meat beautiful I don't want to
eat this I don't even want to give the
ghost this I feel like this shouldn't be
consumed by anything living or dead but
we're already halfway done so we're
going to try to finish the job let's add
some guacamole
I love guacamole I don't want to ruin it
there save that for later
I'm sorry baby you don't deserve this
hummus she deserves this nobody wants
her you oh it hurts even do this oh it's
all just to keep like a clump none of
this is looking good fuck it glasses
sour cream ale ha ha ha
oh this little blah oh that's kind of
pretty I mean it's definitely not black
but it's like purple or something I kind
of like that ok this is turning around
or maybe I'm just telling myself that
because I want something to succeed in
my life that's kind of like when
teachers used to grade you on report
cards and they put like F but then next
to it they put like a nice remark like
shame it's a really sweet personality
and he's just an all-around cute cool
guy but he's a fucking idiot
f although mine usually weren't like
that mine were like a plus she's fucking
annoying please get him out of my class
I hate it and he's always raising his
hand and he has no idea how fucking
smelly he is and when he raises his hand
is talking piss smell overwhelms the
fuck
classroom and then I have to call resets
early just because I need to enter out
the fucking room sometimes I have to go
out to my car to throw up
I love report cards now let's do the
salsa so this is gonna be really gross
like salsa by itself is kind of gross
anyways because I mean what but when you
make that black well you want to go back
and you never ever want to see it again
alright let's just lay that on top
oh let's see how it goes oh my god
just really look at that yeah I mean
just get in there oh all right time to
do some touch-ups gonna add some black
all around the side and I get those
chips black skate get underneath yeah oh
there you have my beautiful black nachos
oh my god maybe a cute guru montage will
make this better
now still fucking gross okay so how the
black nachos are done and look at all
types of fucked it's time to try it oh
god okay oh by the way nachos are my
favorite food of all time why am I doing
this why am i ruining everything I love
me and therapy alright let's try it
I'm gonna go there's like none of those
with a really weird chemical a per-page
I love it it doesn't is gross it's just
the whole fucking idea it's a girl sing
me out I'm trying to make black the new
galaxy Rob I'm fucking trying it's
grossing me out
this is not pretty this is not tumblr
this is not an Instagram bitch this is a
fucking geek or whatever that thing was
called that nobody used this is
dailybooth
you probably don't even know what that
is and you shouldn't this is trash now
what I do kind of love it I don't know
it's so fucking weird what should I make
black next ladies a comment ooh by the
way let's go give this to the ghost and
see what he thinks I thought all right
ghosts I'm bringing you my peace
offering
okay guys I'm not even kidding it's
actually been really bad like and I'm
not even trying to be funny or anything
it's literal oh my god that fucking
scared the shit out of me why do I have
other it's literally ever since I got
back from my vacation it's been so
fucking loud in here and oh my god I
don't think I told you guys this so this
treadmill which by the way is like 500
pounds the night that I got it I was in
bed and I heard a bunch of loud noises
and I like just kind of ignored it woke
up the next day the treadmill was all
the way across the room and then I was
like well weird maybe there was like an
earthquake or maybe I don't know maybe
it turned on and like vibrated and moved
or something but then
I went to move it back I literally
couldn't do it because it was so happy I
had to have somebody help me it's like
whatever the fucking ghost was could
move a fucking train now so literally so
fucking much
that's fucking scared the shit out of me
too why do I have all these fucking
creepy things all around my house
Cartman don't get me started on this
bathroom this bathroom has been like
just as hot - - it's fucking creeping me
out okay okay there you go mr. ghost
please fucking don't kill me
and um leave me alone okay thanks let's
turn this light off I swear I god I want
to leave the door closed and we're just
gonna fucking stand here and I swear
we're gonna hear noises oh my god you
fucking heard that right what walk
okay guys I'm in this video I'm sorry
that kind of scared weird yet I just
seriously the whole time I've been
filming this video fucking ghost has
been freaking me out and I couldn't
ignore it just like pretend it like make
a stupid fucking video I've just been
really scared and also I mean you this
is gross alright hopefully you guys
enjoyed this give this video a thumbs up
if you liked it leave a comment and so
freaked out right now
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day if you want to see more
videos of me making black food and
galaxy food and all that stuff I'll put
a link to a playlist for either topping
description below and go check out Rob's
video where he makes black fried chicken
okay I'll see you guys later bye
pray for me
