shoo-shoo pitch on show hands in the
guys yes I am so fucking excited right
now I can't even put it into words I
can't even put into Chuck names I can't
even put into New York memes and you
know how much I love my new york memes
because today I am making a giant donut
cake now I want on Twitter and I want to
snapchat as it hey guys what do you want
me to do a giant donut cake or a giant
Cheesecake Factory milkshake and a lot
of you guys said get a real job and I
said
Touche and then I went down to the donut
shop about twenty-four twenty-fifths hey
because you Amy okay so right here I
have 24 gourmet doughnuts I didn't just
go down to Krispy Kreme which no shade
should be called Krispy Queen cuz she
fucking slaves but I didn't want just
like a normal doughnut situation in my
cake I wanted some crazy-ass fucking
weird shit this one looks like a panda
it's getting fucked up some of these
flavors I've never had before this one
is actually trying to speak to me I
guess what bitch Tumblr's dude this one
has an entire Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
on top of it fuck me up
and this one's already been happy
because hi I'm Shane nice to meet you
anyway so we're going to stack these
doughnuts up and I know what you're
thinking Shane was gonna go in between
the doughnuts because like the doughnuts
can't just be stacked up that's just a
stack of doughnuts that's not a cake I
would say to you is who the fuck made
you a cake ologist by the way if that's
not a thing it should be a thing and I
should be the only one because I figured
it out I have here four huge jars of hot
pink
funfetti icing I'm thinking friend layer
layer layer and then top that bitch off
with the biggest jar of sprinkles I've
ever seen it's the size of my head also
I've already eaten about two inches of
it so oh my god that the crunchy wants
why am i I think surprised I literally
ate them I kept it earlier okay so
before we get to stacking I feel like we
should do like a tiny taste test because
once again I'm Shane nice to meet you I
want to try this
because I want to know like is the
rhesus just on the top or is she like in
the middle is she verse all right let's
get into that wait I take a bite that I
can't use it ok ok I'm have to be sneaky
with this bike I'm a-goin from the
bottom I'm just gonna scoop out the
innards and see what's inside of her oh
oh my god there's a melted recess on the
inside - Oh bitch oh my god I'm sorry
that's not a mr. Reese's that was
actually just a spoonful of crunchy
peanut butter and not the good kind okay
well that was a letdown but it's okay
we're gonna make a cake okay so I don't
have a plate up big enough for this cake
so I'm thinking I'm just going to rip
off the top but my donut container and
we're just gonna use that at the base
and then we're just gonna start stacking
also I might have already gotten into
that one just a little bit by a little
bit I mean um half of her so hi nice to
meet you I'm Shane okay so I'm thinking
the bottom level should be like kind of
the boring doughnuts so I'm going to go
with this one which is kind of like a
chocolate strawberry situation you guys
know that I hate strawberries so we're
gonna put that on the bottom over here
and I'm not going to eat it then let's
put this Oreo mine does I feel like
that's also a flavor that like I know
what it's like you know I mean like I'm
not excited about it like I know it's
going to be good but I'm not like losing
my shit which by the way could somebody
help me figure out how to lose my shit I
have been very stocked up I haven't
pooped in a week I'm not kidding me not
moving for a week is like the new libido
not getting into a Twitter fight for a
day like it doesn't happen right and
then we're gonna put the M&Ms one down
which I might have taken a little lick
of and then we're going to put our
little Reese's baby over here because we
already know how she is let down okay
time to add the frosting oh my favorite
part
now this pink frosting is so pretty oh
my god oh oh
it's so sad that I only make these
noises for food oh okay I'm not going to
use too much because we have a lot to
frost so just enough to have them all
stick together we're on days together a
bunch of donuts and frosting we're gonna
get diabetes and we might already have
it because when we were 13 with the
doctor and they did a blood test and
they said we're on the verge next layer
okay so I'm gonna put this fucking you
see this this is the cinnamon toast
crunch donut I'm gonna put her right
here oh my god oh I need a little oh my
mom
oh she's good oh she don't need anything
extra she's perfect just the way she is
you know what she's so good I could even
take a little of this off and you know
just huh oh my god that's one of the
best things I've ever tasted in my life
bah okay let's add the Lucky Charms Dona
this is going to be the prettiest cake
ever look like there's going to be the
prettiest thing I've ever made this is
going to be the best thing I will ever
make like sorry for watching this future
children of mine but this is prettier
than you all so you don't exist because
nobody's gonna breed with me next layer
frosting oh my god okay okay get a scoop
on each doughnut oh let's just put all
of these together uh-oh I think we need
more frosting oh my god okay
yes bitch oh my god a little fruit loop
got caught up in the frosting oh she's
making a mess you don't give a fuck
she's out on a Friday night she's
stumbling all over the place she's
fuckin snapchatting her pussy she
doesn't know what's going on by the way
don't ever take sleeping pills and
snapchat it's fucked up I did it the
other night and if you guys don't follow
me on snapchat you're very lucky
because I literally posted like eight
pictures of my ass nobody wants that
not even my doctor I wanted to see my
doctor and I was like hey I think I
should get like my prostate checked like
I feel like I don't know just to make
sure there's no cancer and he's like
okay yeah sure and then I pulled out my
pants he went I'm looking at my nurse
when a doctor doesn't even want to fuck
with your ass you got a fucked-up ass
also whenever I teach my acid please but
it feels good but my ass
back in the doughnut cake oh my god we
got this little cutie look in his bitch
look at her who was she
no seriously who is she she's scaring me
but she looks very sad she's very
confused she looks like the nurse when
the doctor brought her in to look at my
ass what is that why is he bleeding I
wonder if there's anything inside nope
she's empty inside just like her deity
okay and then we're gonna add this
s'mores one which honestly is a mess
like this is not even cute I don't know
who thought this was cute these are
gross these little fucking gross ats
marshmallows nobody wants these and you
can't go live as smaller if they're not
posted not toasted marshmallows or just
like fucking earlobes and nobody wants
to eat those although sometimes I Chi
Ilana you know just to show my dominance
okay this one's green I don't know what
that means I need to try it oh it's
green tea okay well we're gonna put that
over here this is gonna be like the
ethnic side of the cake we've got a
little panda we got a little green tea
this is like Oh to Japan this is America
cuz like she's fucked up I feel like
this is England cuz like she's fucked up
too but like she's covering it up very
well oh my god bitch we got the cocoa
puffs fucking common throw up that stale
is fuck but it fucking works oh my god
oh that's good she got a couple of
marshmallows on her not to throw those
off but besides that good okay more I
say there is nothing more satisfying
than plopping icing on top of things
like getting a college degree no
clapping icing on top of doughnuts at
the age of 28 mm-hmm like I just wish I
could go back in time and tell young
Shane what he would be doing in his
future years although I feel like if I
went back in time and that young Shane
all he would do is ask me
questions about food like oh my god just
how about have any new items
is there a Twinkie McFlurry yet did they
ever find a cure for micro penis gas no
but good idea and still we know man next
level okay so this one is what they
called The Simpsons donut cuz I guess
you know it looks like what home or
eight I don't know if it tastes like a
Simpsons donut although that's a fucking
cartoon one and it would make no sense
if it did but either way I'm still gonna
try why hurt donut so fucking good like
why are gonna is better than my life you
know I mean oh look at this one oh the
fucking fruity pebble game's strong okay
and open another Oreo one and another
M&Ms one oh my god I'm a fucking tumblr
bitch right now
look at me somebody give me a fucking
huge sweater and a record player bitch
and also a cause oh my god plop plop
fucking up Wow oh my god I cannot wait
to fucking cut into this shit a doctor
who's way too excited to circumcise so
gross can you imagine though I hear you
give birth to your baby like it's a boy
oh and you're crying you're so excited
the duck it's like Lu give me that dick
I can't wait the gut into this what it's
my job I feel like if you are a doctor
who like your job is to cut babies dicks
you gotta be fuckin weird right
like if that's your job like you went to
college and you're like okay let's take
the exam anyways okay the final layer is
going to be all bars so I'm going to put
this beautiful fucking Fruity Pebbles
bar and then I'm gonna put a bacon maple
bar oh my god actually you know what I
think I could fit one more I'm gonna put
this bar that has an entire Snickers
inside
that's right y'all it's getting crazy
okay oh my god
okay Oh God I feel like my cakes have
been getting better right like I feel
like every time I do this it looks a
little more actually good like I feel
like this is actually looking fucking
good right
ah oh my god okay all right now I got
ice besides I'm gonna try to make this
look like a real cake okay so let's just
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god ahh I just wanna fucking marry
it oh my god I mean if this is what
marriage was I wouldn't end up alone I
would actually have hope remember that
one video when the second twin said I
was gonna be alone for the rest of my
life that was fun
anyways glad I had this doughnut cake oh
my god okay oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god okay Shane hurry the fuck
up
we got to get into this oh my god okay
alright this is gonna fucking kill me I
don't even care
oh my God look how beautiful it is oh
okay I'm running out of icing so I can't
actually ice the entire thing but at
least the Front's on the side and that's
good enough for me now it's time for the
finishing touch you guys know what I'm
gonna do we're gonna fucking sprinkle
this bitch oh my god oh and then just a
lot on this side okay and I'm just gonna
boom boom oh my god this is so much I'm
at the cleanup layer but it's fucking
worth it oh my god I love you and there
you guys go
there is my fucking a donut cake Wow
okay oh my god okay alright let's cut
into this okay I hope we can see all the
layers oh okay I'm gonna cut in from
this side
oh fuck oh my god it's very thick oh no
no no no it's falling and falling and
falling okay I got to do this fast
oh fuck no I believed in you
I got a slice I got a slice oh my god oh
my god it fucking what I mean ignore
that but look at this
forget it guys it fucking worked I put
good note I dig okay so I cut my donut
cake and now it's time to try it oh my
god I mean fuck yeah I mean like there's
a lot of problems in the world everyday
people are dying tragedies are happening
politics I don't know anything about it
but you know that's happening too and
all of it could be solved with this you
know we don't need war we don't need
laws we just need somebody to take a
fucking bunch of doughnuts stack them on
top of each other
good icing in between cover them with
fucking rainbow sprinkles and fuck it up
that'll appeal the world and I'm gonna
heal the world one giant stupid cake at
a time
let's see okay all right here we go I'm
gonna get a little piece of all of it oh
my gosh Oh
oh my god oh my God look at that holy
fuck
oh my god a few oh my God thank you
Jesus thank you God I don't know what
God you pray to I'm in your fuck me
you're down on your knees and me to
thank them for this Oh
oh my god guys fuck fuck fuck bitch fuck
all I got to say this is so good this
might be the best cake I've ever made
like taste wine I know presentation-wise
I mean she's fucked up taste-wise dumb
fuck okay guys I was be making a giant
donut cake I have no idea how it ended
up like that but I'm still gonna eat it
aren't you guys hopefully I thought
watching me make that if you did please
give this video a thumbs up if you want
more fucking big cake videos let me know
in the comments also subscribe
right now because I make new videos
every single live and if you want to see
more videos of me making giant weird
fucking cakes and milkshakes out a bunch
of weird shit I'll put a link to a
playlist right the top of the
description below and you guys ll see
you little Donuts bye oh that wasn't
even a sound effect by the way that was
my actual mouth can we replay that oh
once again how many track
