when they turned in that the episode
they said hey whoa whoa we said that you
can get steve-o Brandon his flesh is
sizzling smoking we can't show hey guys
yeah today we're gonna be doing more
dumb fucking life packs because I don't
fuck ago I can't stop I mean I can't
stop googling them I can't stop looking
at dumb fucking pictures of them I have
done so many of them and I have
incorporated none of them into my daily
life but there is one today that
honestly I think could be a game-changer
for all of us so I'm really excited
about that but that's gonna be at the
end we're starting with eating Cheetos
with chopsticks yes
um this is fucking stupid first of all
nobody eats Cheetos anymore like Doritos
are great and they don't need a fucking
stupid weird a mascot who's dressed like
an SN M fucking gay porn star I don't
fucking trust him but for people that do
eat Cheetos here's the way to eat him
where you don't get the cheeto dust all
over your fingers which by the way is
the whole point of eating the cheeto
right like you want the dust on your
finger kind of like how guys like when
there are teenagers they finger a girl
they're like - smell my fingers it's the
same exact thing except it's not and
it's my life and my life is me showing
all the cheese dust on my fingers from
the night before
anyways let's see so all you do is take
these chopsticks and use them why did I
say it like it's so easy I don't know
how to fucking use these hold on like
like this mm-hmm
that's it no wait fuck like that ah okay
well we're not gonna fucking do it we're
just gonna pretend okay so put it in the
back okay did you get a cheeto that time
let me try again
okay all right well let's just fucking
dig it right into the bag and just
yeah there we go
you okay this is the saddest thing I've
ever done in these maybe I don't know
why this makes me so sad but it does can
you imagine like seeing a person in real
life doing this like sitting on their
lunch break
they'd probably work at Tilly's and
they're so tired from like selling
skateboards and fucking wallets with
chains on them so they're sitting in the
fucking parking lot they open up their
bag of cheetos and they're like well I
can't get the cheeto dust on my fingers
because I don't want to get cheeto dust
all over the wetsuits
alright like isn't that sad okay you cry
I could cry Cheetos are good fuck I just
talk so much shit about cheetahs and
these are Bob and this is getting easier
and honestly I feel fancy you know what
I changed my mind on all things Cheetos
I love my cheetah looks like a rapist
but I don't mind it
oh my god Chester the cheetah has a
fucking Twitter we're looking it up
right now okay just for the cheetah
verified oh my god you were telling me
that's not a fucking rapist you are you
crazy when you see to catch a predator
and it shows like the little creepy
conversation between the fucking 40 year
old guys and ten year old girl that's a
picture of the man that they show that's
what he looks like
Chester you gotta hold yours whatever
his tweets I wear my sunglasses at night
so I don't have to put that back on in
the morning if that's not a pedophile oh
my god there's a video what the hell is
that
oh oh I don't like that I'm gonna need
that cheetah to stay in the cartoon
world and not come for me in my four
dimensions all right next time okay this
one is very dangerous and nobody should
ever do this so basically if you don't
have a blowtorch I mean honestly if you
do have a blowtorch stay away from me
like we don't need to be brown but if
you need one you contain a can of Lysol
and a fucking huge lighter and spray it
light it and push so I'm gonna do this
right here this is a bad idea let's do
it all right
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay one
two three
okay oh my god my heart is racing
okay so that's just step one of the half
step two is a little scarier so last
time we talked about how if you ran out
of firewood you could use crayons well
there's another hack that says if you
run out of crayons you can just use
children's toys and I thought oh China
boy that is very flammable and that
would be a My Little Pony okay her name
is cutie mark magic that's a lot of
names so like stick with one and
honestly on the back they made this
bitch look so sexual
look at that like look at her on the
front you know a pony and then I was
back who is she
like that was like a mix of RuPaul and
Lady Gaga from the telephone video like
who's styling this pony alright so let's
open her up
woo her little hair look oh you can
fucking fluff this shit out oh oh my god
like she can't even snatch your weed
because it's already been snatched
that's beautiful oh that's gonna look
great all lit up on fire oh look at her
head turns all the way around oh I love
that she can really watch herself bird
okay let's do this
oh my god I'm actually nervous okay so
we're just want you to put her right on
top of this little plate and then I'm
going to take my hat blow torch and like
the good job this is such a bad idea and
buy all the alcohol which is all very
flammable somebody's gonna die and that
somebody's gonna be me okay all right
here we got one two three that's nothing
here burning me more than that
fuck why didn't you burn it okay let me
try to light her on fire a jump the
longer mom bitch you're supposed to be
my new candle is it working oh my god oh
look at it oh wow can you see that
that's kind of everything I could see
that bang Lady Gaga's new album cover
this fucking artsy and weird route the
hair cinching up okay the hair burning
maybe these aren't flammable fuck there
we go alright what am i doing what is
happening to my life oh god finish her
off
okay I've done like this okay the next
half is almost stupider and that is to
fix a hole in your black sock all you
have to do is Sharpie the bottom of your
foot so this is dumb on so many levels
because like number one nobody ever is
gonna see the bottom of your foot anyway
like at what point you
the themes from that verb My Little Pony
are actually making you sick
and I think I'm dying oh well so here's
my sock that's a real hole I did make
for the video it just is what it is
which I don't understand because I'm not
like a hard Walker like I'm a shit
talker and like a cock blocker but like
a hard Walker not really I really am a
cock blocker though I think everybody
has herpes like if you want to fuck me
which you don't I'm gonna need paperwork
I'm gonna need tests I'm gonna need a
background check and I'm gonna be a
black light and I'm gonna need all of
those things before we even go on the
first date also I'm gonna need you to
not Google me before we go out because
if you google me you'll see things like
this yeah my life is embarrassing like
Sharpie the bottom of my foot okay so
here we go we are just going to here we
go I had the black food coloring from my
black pizza I mean nobody's ever going
to want to date me all right that's
pretty nice but oh my god it's very cold
and very the wrong color of black that
does not match my sock okay well there
you guys go
a hole in your sock having a big wet
chemically smelling liquid making you hi
mixed with the fumes from that my little
pony that's on fire I'm actually gonna
die I do not feel good you see how much
I'm sweating right now I think I'm sick
I'm not even kidding
also my foots on fire it burns I don't
think you're supposed to put this on
your skin also do we talk about I know
gross the bottom of my foot is like what
the fuck I will get a pedicure I'm so
scared of what that means like I have
sex with my socks on you know what I
mean like I don't even let my loved one
see my feet like when I make a will
which will be soon I'm gonna say do not
take socks off in casket cuz I don't
even want people to see that at my
funeral cuz if they see my nasty-ass
feet they're gonna be like we're glad
he's dead this just got really sad next
act so this is someone's dumber than the
blush
a different reason like that was
dangerous to my health because it was
fire
this is dangerous to my health because
it's eating an entire box of Oreos so
basically the habit is you can turn
Oreos into cereal if you just pour them
into a bowl and add milk that's a hack I
can get behind all right so let's just
open up this box are these double stuff
no go for it
I'm kidding I will never ever be over
Oreos are like your first love what I
mean probably not because you don't have
an unhealthy obsession with food like I
do
well Orioles are something that like I
just never want out of my life like I
don't care that they make me fat
probably give me some kind of diabetes
really fuck up my cholesterol I just
love the way they taste and nothing can
change that so let's eat a bowl of them
oh my god okay I'm very excited about
this one this is so stupid you know what
I can't believe I haven't thought about
doing this before how about because
whenever I had a box of Oreos in my
house when I was a kid I would like try
to sneak them or pretend like it wasn't
me I mean everybody knew it was me but
like I'd only have like one at a time
but now that I'm living on my fucking
own and I'm a fucking adult it's fuckin
Oreo stereotype bitch oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god okay oh we're gonna do this oh I
wanna let her sit in the milk
I wanna let her get all smooth and wet
and dissolve oh my god look at that one
look at that one oh I love when she
breaks us apart
alright let's take a little bite morning
oh my god okay are you fucking kidding
like oh my god
if you're a kid and you ate this before
school you die but if you're mean and
your body's been through so much you
might survive and it's fucking worth it
this is everything I don't even want to
know how much this whole bowl is calorie
wise
yeah I don't know but it's so fucking
worth it oh my God look at this bike
Heather I'm so happy right now
yeah yeah that wasn't even in sound
effect by the way that was my actual
vowel can we replay that Oh once again
how many trappy I swear to god this is
the last one I know I say that every
video but this is the last fucking one
we try the napple to try to banana to
try to watermelon we tried an ice cream
cone and now I'm gonna try to charge my
phone with the jar Nutella I know okay I
know it's not gonna work but I have to
try it because somebody in the comments
said it would work and I fucking trust
you guys that's a lie you're all lying
to me but I'm going to do this mainly
because I just wanted an excuse to buy a
jar of Nutella all right so let's plug
in our huh and let's see if it charges
one two three no oh I just pressed it
with my finger if that would've fucking
worked I would have been on like SIA
then this would go viral I would meet
the president like Shane Dawson
discovers new use for power
who needs electricity when you have
Nutella oh my god I would have been the
fucking new telescopes girl anyways I'm
getting too far ahead of myself
it didn't fucking work it was stupid and
now I have a big jar of Nutella that I
don't know what I'm gonna do with I'm
sure I'll figure something out okay this
last hack I'm actually really excited
about I saw it on BuzzFeed I think or
I'm one of those fucking websites and I
basically was like I need to fucking do
this is gonna change my life and that is
making pizza in a mug okay so first let
me show you my mug umm this I don't
think I've shown on camera yet it was
from my mom on my birthday and she said
it's because we used to love toys dry
when you're a kid and you could like
keep this and you know
that when I die so thanks mom also it
sings can be creepy at all when she dies
so first we're going to put in some
baking powder I have no idea what this
is or why people use it so we'll see
perfect now we're gonna add some flour
and once again no idea how to use this
or how much are really anything which is
why none of my knots ever fucking works
here we go okay then it's just add some
milk
luckily I have a whole thing right here
from my Oreo cereal God about a trashcan
okay and some oil which I don't have
then you just mix it up with the spoon
which still has some little Oreo pieces
on it but I'm okay with that
all right oh my god it's making pizza
dough look okay well look good for a
second me when I glanced in the mirror
then if I look longer than a second I
realize it's not good
oddly enough my body looks like pizza
dough anyways so now we're just gonna
mix the other ingredients of a pizza
inside of it so we're gonna put some
pizza sauce okay so we got the pizza
sauce in there and now we're just gonna
put some cheese and pepperonis
whoo this is exciting like do I think
it's gonna make pizza no do I think I'm
gonna eat it mm-hmm so I got the
pepperonis in there and now I'm gonna
top it off with some cheese right oh now
we're just gonna put woody in the
microwave or 80 seconds by the way I did
not check to see if this was
microwavable safe so we might be seeing
a reenactment of that very scary scene
from Toy Story 3 where they all almost
lit on fire
yep that actually happened in a kids
movie
what the fuck all right I'll be right
back oh my god guys bye
think I fucking did it oh my god you see
the fucking cheese bubbling oh my god
okay let's fucking sieve this worked I'm
gonna fucking put my fork oh my god okay
let's see what is that wait is that the
dough wait what is that oh my god wait
it fucking kind of worked hold on oh my
god I'm like my mouth is oh my god let's
give this a try oh my god
are you fucking kidding me right now oh
my god I'm never leaving a house never
fucking leaving oh my god
goodbye world hello couch looking big
brother live feeds and my fucking Pizza
mug are you kidding me Oh Oreo cereal in
the morning okay alright let's just let
me do this oh my god this is oh my god
this is so fucking good oh my god do
this do this fucking do this just bet
you do well guys we finally did it we
found a life hack that has changed my
life I am so excited about this thank
you mom for the mug when you die I will
be eating my pizza out of it I mean fun
I'll be eating my beads out of it right
now and you're still alive
this is everything fucking do this never
stop doing this
goodbye let's go hopefully you enjoyed
me trying all these dumb fucking life
packs if you did please give me a thumbs
up if you want more of these also
subscribe to my channel because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see all the other videos of me
trying down life hacks I've done a bunch
of them I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the description boom
right you guys I was at you little like
axe tomorrow alright let me get it
closed up not that you want it but
that's that's oh my god if that doesn't
look like a fucking health class
dissection project I don't know what
does
