hey guys I just finished a podcast - it
Stilo holy fuck
we talked about stunts we talked about
hookers pissing on us and eating our own
shit we did we eating elephant shit go
make sure to check out the show down
there sometimes how glad comes my shady
friends my hair to be good yes I am not
excited about today because today I
would be eating something that I only
usually eat when I'm actually dying or
I'm in the company of another person who
is already dead
that's right today we're having fucking
hospital food now there is nothing more
depressing than Hospital actually that's
a lie I saw a free Flo Rida show at
Universal CityWalk that got sad mainly
because it was free and I was the only
person in the audience and I wasn't
there to see Flo Rida I was there to get
some free samples at Yogurtland and then
I heard you've been my hair out and I
was like I know that song then I turned
around and it was Flo Rida and he was
taking to me and that was it so that's
actually the most depressing place on
earth but a hospital is a close second
and even though I know the food of
hospitals are gonna be fucking gross I
still get excited when I get to the
hospital because I'm like oh fuck
grandma hold your breath girl I'll be
right back I gotta go check out the
cafeteria because I'm one of those
people who like if I go somewhere and
there's food I need to see it and I need
to order one of everything and I need to
try it all even if that means not being
able to say goodbye to my grandma
because I'm too busy tasting all the
puddings but today there is nobody dying
in my house except for my soul so let's
eat them food okay number one oh my god
Oh
first of all plate is very wet so this
is a classic hospital meal we have a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich a
fucking gross apps slop of cottage
cheese and just the fucking nastiest
little jello Cup that nobody fucking
wants why don't we keep trying to make
jello the thing it's not a thing you
know like jello Bill Cosby and we all
know how that went
honestly if you're a fan of this you
should go to jail like Bill Cosby could
be innocent which he's not and I would
still tell them to send his ass to jail
for promoting this anyways let's try it
I'm gonna give this peanut butter and
jelly a chant Omega
Elva I've been distracted by her mouth
it is gaping and her teeth and fucked up
oh my god I don't know if this looks
amazing or disgusting I was gonna say
like me when I look at my dick but now I
know it's disgusting all right let's try
it
oh go strawberry y'all gonna make me
bread peanut butter and jelly is
supposed to be peanut butter and grape
that is original that is classic we
don't need a hooking strawberry jelly I
don't really like strawberries in the
first place if you're gonna give me a
fucking little piece of fruit that
everybody's just like candy you even
need kid you can't have a strawberry
fuck oh it's not candy it's not God's
dessert it's a fucking nasty piece of
fruit and I don't fucking want it sorry
I'm really passionate about my jelly and
also the Dawson's Creek finale that
wouldn't really fuck me up or I'm going
to talk about it
oh my god hold on what the fuck what the
fuck is that hope you need to see this
hold on can you see that what the fuck
is that why is it a circle what the hell
is that
that's mm-hmm oh my god that's a full
fuckin strawberry bitch they didn't even
hit me with a jam maybe even hit me with
the essence of strawberry they hit me
with the whole fucking thing and just
like Beyonce said with those two other
bitches I don't remember their names
you're fucking right I'm not ready for
this
nobody's ready for this nobody wants
this I would rather die if I was in a
hospital which will happen soon I'm
gonna give myself an aneurysm and the
nurse fucking bought me this I'd be like
bitch pull the plug which by the way
when I was in my grandma's hospital room
I accidentally did pull the plug but
that's because I was trying to charge my
iPad luckily they had a backup plug so
like you didn't die right then but
unfortunately she died like five minutes
later and my fucking I've had only
charged up five percent like what the
fuck grandma next all right and now
let's try the cottage cheese umm
surprisingly I'm kind of a cottage
cheese Stan don't even say that with a
straight face I mean I don't hate
cottage cheese I mean I feel like it's
slightly cannibalism considering the
amount of cottage cheese I have on my
legs but honestly you are what you eat
I'm the big fucking barrel of cheese so
let's see I love it you know it's crazy
but also some done for my lap I get a
flashback of Ursula from The Little
Mermaid it's so uncanny like that bitch
is fucking me I see no difference
alright let's fucking try this nasty-ass
jello nobody wants jello is like a food
you eat when it's the day before you
wait watch your LAN and yesterday you
had a whole grande meal from Taco Bell
and you're like okay I gotta fix this
what am I gonna do okay I'll have jello
all day and the only thing it does is
depress you and make a poop jiggle but
it's been a long time since I've had it
so maybe um now that I'm an adult got it
so scary to say that maybe I'll like it
um as of now I'm just fingering it the
whole time I've been talking I've just
been doing this so did I mention I'm an
adult
alright let's just take a chunk out
because I'm too lazy to grab a spoon
ooh fun look at that do you guys
remember back on Easter if you didn't
celebrate Easter sorry if I triggered
you but like your brother would take one
of those jello eggs
I need like slurp it between his crooked
st and everybody would clap and say oh
my god what a funny trick and then when
you try to do it everybody to go your
son has an eating disorder yeah I love
the Easter let's do it
I like her can't believe I like her but
I like her
why do I like this what's changed like I
know my taste in like music and movies
has changed like back when I was a kid I
still loved movies about talking dogs
and talking cats but now that I'm an
adult I fucking hate those movies
because it scares me because I'm like
what if that actually fucking happens
like what if one day my dog fucking
talked and oh my god all the T she's
gonna spill I just imagine all the T she
would spill with those little paws
fucking dropping that low Cup the T
would actually end my wife don't get me
started a blog with a blog that's off of
my dog able to write a tumblr post about
me that she keeps me up at night
and you can have any other dogs with
read aw get and then they post pictures
of me and my puppy filter from snapchat
say I was doing doggy face it would be
bad but luckily scientism not figure
my gums talk and they better fucking not
next visit okay this this I'm terrified
about I saw this on a website and it
said that they actually do serve this in
hospital sometimes because it's really
good for people to get their iron up
this is chopped up liver next to chopped
up mushrooms with some fucking bread to
dip it I can't even look at this
everything about this is problematic the
doctor already writing blogs about it
what the fuck is liver anyways isn't
that an organ like why would you want to
eat that like if I had to pick an organ
to eat it would probably be the stomach
because there's already food inside of
it kind of like a mystery cake and if
you sliced it in my stomach bitch that
would be the Willy Wonka of stomachs you
wouldn't know what the flavors were it
would be taking you through a journey
I'm like is that taco bell vein is that
basket Robin hold up is that Big Mac oh
snap is that a popsicle oh fuck
is that a diary I don't
anyways let's fucking try this whatever
it is okay there's a hair on my liver
alright let me get it close up not that
you want it but that's that's oh my god
if that doesn't look like a fucking
health class
dissection project I don't know what
does okay so I guess we'll take a piece
of the bread oh my god sorry the reality
of the situation is just hitting me that
I have to eat this right mmm put that
home
just pretend it's peanut butter with
veins in it oh I don't know what animal
it's from is it a person because I heard
people eat people like I know
cannibalism is the thing we talked about
it earlier but I've heard that women eat
placentas because it like makes their
skin soft I don't know
that's literally eating your babies shit
right isn't a placenta like a big ship
or no it's like the baby's sleeping bag
whatever it is it comes out your pussy
and it fucking looks like guts by the
way they don't teach you this in health
class but girls after you have the baby
like after the big fucking watermelon
says baby comes out of your vagina then
the big fucking placenta comes out which
is bigger than the baby and sometimes it
rips open the gross vagina from her hole
to her other hole all right let's layer
on those
fucking mushrooms that I hate so much
and let bacon nibble Oh God okay here we
go Cheers
huh oh yeah ah first of all the bread
has bunch of nuts on the side and as I
was chewing it felt like a bunch of
chicken scratching me like they were mad
that I was eating their livers oh oh
this is the fucking grossest thing I've
ever ever eaten and I actually see dog
food like not even as like a fun YouTube
challenge like I just will get bored and
I'd be hanging out my dog and I'd
fucking eat his food which he's very mad
about which is why I don't have to talk
let me hear about it this is disgusting
this is fucking horrible I don't care if
you have zero iron and eating this will
save your life don't do it honestly go
out gracefully
sidenote how come the only TV stations
at work in hospitals are Telemundo in
jeopardy you're gonna give me a foreign
language and trivial I mean at least
throw me like a teen mom although that
would be bad if you were in the hospital
dying of some disease and you're
watching Teen Mom and you're like these
bitch is gonna live yeah that would be
bad next food okay I don't know what the
fuck either of these things are umm this
is a sandwich that is a color that no
food should be like you could lie to me
and say oh it's a spinach wrap no no no
spinach is not the color of something
Clarissa explains it all would wear and
yes I'm aware that I'm very old and that
reference probably went over everybody's
head but just to give you an idea what
I'm talking about
it's this
yes Clarissa explains it all with my
fucking shit and I was in love with her
and I was also in love with her dad it
was very confusing for me okay this
sandwich I have no idea what's in it the
only way I can describe it is it smells
like a homemade salad you know I mean
like I know salad is like the easiest
thing to make but you know like somebody
like can make shit and then they try to
make a salad so they just like get a
bunch of nasty fucking gross ass lettuce
in a bag and then just a bunch of gross
ass like vinegary ass dressing I think
they just like put in a garbage bag and
like mix it up and then dump it out on a
plate and say save me some we are
because we're not gonna eat it cuz
nobody wants your fucking gross house
salad grandma it's okay I can make fun
of her salad she's dead
well that's what this smells like and
I'm not ready for it haven't give you a
close-up I mean why you know I mean also
who like who is coming up with these
meals you know you go to a restaurant
it's like oh this is prepared by a chef
and he's amazing and uh like when you go
to a hospital nobody's like oh this is
prepared by our chef they're like Oh
Tammy made this and well Tammy went to
middle school and dropped out she needs
a little extra money on the side cuz her
husband stopped working because of his
accident so Tammy's our chef hi my name
is Tammy I made a salad and I put it
inside of a neon green tortilla I found
at Party City can't wait to try it
also just letting you know I recently
found out my house is infested with
bedbugs and I have to tell everybody I
come into contact with they are a very
spreadable bug you seen great okay let's
try it
nothing good has ever come from somebody
named Tammy oh my god I'm offended and I
don't get offended like I've never been
offended by anything
my life and I'm offended by this
honestly hashtag salad sandwiches over
party fucking trending worldwide y'all
and this I don't even know how to
explain what the fuck this is supposedly
it's beef stroganoff I don't know who
she is but her name has too many damn
letters alright let's give this a try
it's a little piece of meat covered in I
have no fucking idea
let see oh people in hospital should be
treated better than this they're fucking
dying well not all of them but some of
them fuck if I was the president don't
worry I'm not gonna run every hospital
would get like KFC jack-in-the-box cold
stone you know be on TV
just fucking loops of sister-sister and
smart guy doo doo doo doo doo because
that's how you should treat sick people
with food that's bad for you and TV
shows that make you stupid all right who
wants I can't I fucking can this is a
chef's salad once again Tammy stop
calling yourself that and basically it's
lettuce with some damn lunch meat on top
and half an egg which makes me think
where the fuck did the other half go
Tammy I know what kind of shady shit
you're running here Tammy I know the
other half went right to your gob bitch
and then they gave us some fat-free
ranch dressing on the side really we're
in the hospital and you're worried about
calories you should be worrying about me
shitting my bed from all this nasty-ass
crap I need it all right so let's pour
this on top and give this chef salad a
try Oh doesn't that look heartbreaking
ha ha ha ha fuck all right here we go oh
sorry I forgot to mention there's also
Kraft singles cheese on top nothing goes
together with a salad quite like half
singles cheese and an egg now that's
quality all right here we go
the hell well something has a boat in it
we're not a bone in it it's just lunch
meat and cheese where the fuck did the
bone come from Tammy Tammy now I know
you're running some shady shit over at
that hospital but you better not be
crumbling up your dead patients and
putting them inside of your lunch meats
oh my god
that's something that I could cry I'm
not going to because takes emotion you
all know I don't have those but the fact
that people eat that come on
that's fucking evil like that's fucking
evil porn guys guys retrying hospital
food that got sad and you know what by
the way if you're going to the hospital
soon to you to visit a relative or see
somebody you love can you bring them
something good I know technically they
might not be allowed to eat it but just
sneak it in please come on now we got to
treat people better than this
thank you guys hopefully you enjoy this
video if you did please give me a thumbs
up and subscribe to my channel right
down below I make new videos every
single day if you want to see more
videos of me trying weird food like
prison food or school food or other fast
foods I'll put a link to a playlist or
at the top of the description boom thank
you guys I will see you little meatballs
tomorrow hi I'm just gonna kind of like
squirt it in random places I don't want
to completely mix all together by the
way when did this become a real tutorial
when did I actually get serious about
this I'm like you don't wanna fucking
mix it together cuz that's fucking trash
and you want your fucking galaxy to be
perfect like do we remember all the
other galaxies shit I've made it doesn't
look good
