hands of the guys I am just warning you
that today is gonna be the fucking mess
number one I don't know how to make
sushi number two all the food I have
here accidentally sat on my front porch
for like 24 hours before I knew it was
there
so it's all gross and number three I
don't have like a sushi making kit like
I've seen in the restaurants like they
have that stick thing and they roll it
and they got that shit they got the
knives and they got yeah I'm have any of
that I have orange handled scissors and
a butter knife oh I had a paper ass
plate but then sushi know this could be
a fucking mess but I really wanted to do
it because when I was on my book tour I
was at the Mall of America in Minnesota
and he kid came up to me he goes you
have to do galaxy sushi please do it for
me and I was like yes boo anything for
you I will make the video I will
dedicate it to you and then I forgot
that mug fuck his name tomm it might
have been a girl and literally don't
remember it was a person well this is
for you person I know I'm really decided
if you're watching hopefully you're
happy that I'm making this and hopefully
I know it's completely destroy
everything you love let's get sushi okay
so first things first I have the
ingredients no I got rice already cooked
because me but you think I'm gonna sit
around and wait for some damn rice to
cook I can't even wait for the fucking
hot sauce to squirt out the little
packet he talked about I have to eat it
out of a packet with my teeth I can't
even wait for my shit to come out I had
to go in there with my hands I can't
even wait for my enemies to die that's
why I have to do it myself
then I got light soy sauce obviously I
got light because I'm trying to be
really healthy oh my god Oh curly fries
flying everywhere
yeah I like myself a lot then I got
these sushi nori something I don't know
but these are the sheets that you
supposedly grow up to sushi with and I'm
somehow gonna fuck
and then I got this crab meat which I
found out uh is it crab see it has a
crab flavor meat the fuck like I don't
order a burger at a restaurant go can I
get like a burger flavored burger like
no it's a bird like don't serve me
chicken that tastes and looks like how
also this is the grossest saddest
package I've ever seen they're fucking
logo is a sad ass dead fish I mean find
me also this was on my doorstep for 24
hours so I am so scared to open it the
smell that's going to radiate off this
motherfucker is gonna be insane I just
had crazy bitch I move why do I always
have to show who of shit that doesn't
not matter why can't I have deja vu of
like winning the lottery instead I had
deja vu of me opening up an old ass bag
of crab flavored meat on camera also
what like blue is she your I mean like I
don't know yeah I do
hey mom alright let's get started so
first let's like color the rice because
I feel like that's the most important
part of the meal okay so this was also
sitting on my porch for a long time I
think that's okay oh or not or it's
poisonous either way I'll leave it okay
so let's put that on our plate Oh what
why first of all hello fucking artists
fucking come to my gallery bitch fucking
pay three grand for this fucking what is
it
fucking Chinon plant clean fucking a
chin implant boob job fucking lip job
let's make Farrah Abraham sushi okay so
let's just break up all the rice which
is probably not how they do it in actual
restaurants right cuz rice doesn't need
to be broken up unless it's been sitting
on your day of course for two days
alright so now that the rice is all
completely broken and dry and fucking
gross we're gonna put colors on it okay
so I'm thinking how we should do this is
actually use food coloring instead of
the spray because I feel like it will
stick better
so first that's like color this side
with some pink okay kind of working
that's clearly red and knocking well
hold on maybe we should just mix it all
together
it's not looking at that like it's
definitely looking more and more like
body parts to what we fuck with it but
I'm kind of looking with that okay so
that's the pink now let's do some blue
I'm just gonna kind of like squirt it in
random places cuz I don't want it to
completely mix all together by the way
when did this become a real tutorial
when did I actually get serious about
this I'm like you don't fucking listen
together cuz that's fucking trash and
you want your fucking galaxy to be
perfect like do we remember all the
other galaxies shit I've made it doesn't
look good oh my god wait this is
actually looking really good can you see
this like this is actually fucking and
looking at galaxies oh my god is galaxy
sushi gonna be my first galaxy success
do you think that's what God said when
he made us he's like is this gonna be my
first success and then like a thousand
years later goes nah I'm just waiting on
that asteroid become oh my god
this is looking really good look at that
rice I mean can you see it feel like it
you can't really see how cool it looks
but it'll actually looks really cool
guys
Who am I I have the reason God wants to
end the world you think God was like you
know what I'll give the humans a chance
and then I was like brainian videos
Johnny Taco Bell milkshake and he was
like nah okay so now that means rice
done we're gonna put that aside and now
it is time to galaxy this okay first
let's open it I am so scared of the cell
oh my god okay here we go
oh oh my god oh my god guys little tip
don't use this also don't leave it
outside for a day oh my god oh my god
how do they do that why did they do that
who did that whose idea was this okay oh
yeah that fucking kid at the mall fuck
you kid just kidding I love you think
you buy my book okay so we're just gonna
put this in the hole and then fuck it
just fucking spray that shit because I
don't want to touch it yeah oh okay
oh my god I can't even explain the smell
of this oh my god I don't want to get
grabbed
but it's like if the baby died inside of
her and then the woman was like nah I
want to keep it in here and the
husband's like you sure about that and
the wife's like I'm dealing with it
yes and the husband's like I mean I'll
support you but that's gross and the
wife goes it's my decision I'm gonna
keep this dead baby inside of me and
that was big goes all right and then
like two weeks later the house smelling
up like the White House I did baby aside
her and everybody's like you know Suzie
is cool you go through your saying you
do you think but like yo when you go get
rid of that there baby
whatever the fuck I want and then like
eventually the husband is like so horny
that he's like you know what i'ma deal
with this
i'ma but a clothespin on my nose i'ma
walk into that room I'm looking in that
pussy and then as he's getting in that
pussy that nose that falls off smells
and this is dead ass baby always do ha
ha ha sorry I saw a horror movie
recently about a woman who got the dead
baby inside herself I didn't just make
up that story it's a real thing well
it's a movie but grab me okay so let's
spray this pink whoo guys that just
changed the game look at that
it almost looks cute now if only that
woman could have Galaxy der dead baby
okay now let's flip it over and let's do
more pink on the back oh this is cute
Oh hold on let's put this on the plate
with the rice just you guys can see what
this looks like
look at that that's cute is it am i just
saying that cuz it's my good baby
like is it not cute - any other people I
think she's adorable okay so now that
that is done it is time to galaxy our
soy sauce now I really don't know how to
do this because the soy sauce is like
dark brown so how the fuck you gotta see
that but my thought is if we just pour
it in this cup but then also for in
maybe some pink food coloring maybe
it'll just turn the whole thing pink it
works guys I'm getting too good at this
okay so now that we have all the insides
it is time to open up the fucking
rolling sheet now I have never touched
one of these before I'm nervous I'm
scared that it went bad
let's see oh it doesn't even a smell
it's okay it's just a fucking piece of
paper that you eat
let's get we'll try okay so now we are
going to lay down our sheet
and start putting together our sushi so
I guess what we're going to do is like
some rice in the middle okay so now
we're just going to drop those little
weird fucking creepy ass fake meats in
the middle okay this is actually looking
kind of good and I'm proud of myself and
I don't make it ahead like I don't wanna
get too excited but like honestly it's
kind of looking good right oh okay time
to roll it Oh God this is where it's all
gonna go wrong okay so I'm going to
press it in like this
Oh God I'm literally just doing with a
do it Chipotle and then roll roll roll
roll and then press down I think I did
it
did I do it okay so let's transfer this
onto a plate oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh god
ah worked okay okay now we're going to
cut it into rolls I'm just gonna do one
roll because I'm scared okay
oh my god oh my god I can get my work
alright ready let's see oh my god I'm so
scared okay ready one two three
um I mean it's uh yeah that's not so
chic I mean listen I fucking tried okay
like I really did try now let's see if
this one on a roll
kind of looks like sushi I mean you look
that well I mean yes it kind of looks
like you chopped up My Little Pony and
put it on a plate but like that could be
good friendship is magic and honestly
friendship tastes good especially when
it's a frenemy you stabbed him in the
neck
I'm just kidding don't do that go for
the heart okay let's give it a try I
don't I shouldn't try this right like
this is actually gonna hurt me honestly
do it for YouTube Shane okay here we go
okay I'm gonna do this because I love
you guys and I love that kid at the Mall
of America still don't remember your
name but this is for you love you
ha ha ha ha oh fuck
ha ha ha oh fuck it didn't hurt it a
beginning but when that fucking weird
weird old expired little crab chunk hit
the back of my throat oh my god
God you can end the world now you can
just stop it right now where are you
guys go that was me trying to make
galaxy sushi and it kind of work no no
but give me a thumbs up for my effort
please I tried really hard also make
sure to subscribe to my channel right
now below because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more videos of me making galaxy food or
rainbow food or other dumbass shit like
that
I will put a link to a playlist or at
the top of the description below alright
you guys I will see you little old
pieces of expired crab meat tomorrow in
the 1980s there was a show in Canada
called just like on and it was hosted by
a man named Fergie Oliver now most of
the contestants on the show were young
girls under the age of 13 and he would
always try to kiss
