hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
and today we're going to be talking
about some of the creepiest things that
have happened on TV and I'm warning you
some of these are very very disturbing
so first we're going to be talking about
creepy gameshow hosts so in the late 70s
a man named richard dawson hosted a show
now he was a great host really funny
really quick but there was one thing he
did that was very very creepy he would
kiss female contestants and say it was
for good luck and he did it so much that
his nickname became the kissing bandit
and we're not just talking a little kiss
on the cheek or something cute we're
talking an actual kiss on the lips
without even them asking for it check it
out good-looking for you okay
are you doing fine what would you say uh
stereo all right
stereo I couldn't live with that money
I know fucking creepy and that's not the
only creepy thing you did he'd also say
really weird sexual things and this was
a family show just check this out we
must get on with the game well I tell
you honestly we've been on yeah I think
a year and a half it's the first time on
those introductions I've ever gotten
aroused yeah now we know I'm leveling
with you that's the most passionate
kissing we I usually kiss for luck but I
got involved a couple of times I know
very very weird but this isn't the only
game show host at his kist contestants
unfortunately the next host took a to it
extreme in the 1980s there was a show in
Canada called just like long and it was
hosted by a man named Fergie Oliver now
most of the contestants on the show were
young girls under the age of 13 and he
would always try to kiss them and once
again not cute little kisses on the
cheek this is very disturbing so if
you're triggered by this type of stuff I
would definitely click off this video
check it out look at me closer you're
green you hear no kisses Jennifer
can I have a little kiss please can I
have a hug and a kiss I can't have one
mm-hmm even if I say in whisper in your
ear that Alison you're gonna win the
show I still can't have a hug and a kiss
huh well I guess you can't win the show
then I don't get a hug and a kiss ya
hear that oh you yeah I probably the
most disturbing thing I've ever seen
ever and I don't know why they wouldn't
stop him or why they wouldn't fire him I
or why the parents would let it happen
all of it just fuckin freaks me out well
Furby never got in trouble and he went
on to have more shows and more success
and a pretty long career so so I've seen
a lot of really creepy uncomfortable
moments happen on news channels mainly
because it's live so you kind of never
know what people are going to say but
this next clip definitely takes the game
on a show called headline news on CNN
the hosting Glenn Beck asked a reporter
a question that was very disturbing they
were talking about a nude pictures
scandal that happened on American Idol
and then he asked her her own pictures
and then this happened but he would get
a picture of you and then it would be
posted all around and you it'll happen
in your office yeah possibly you don't
think so
well it depends you know you know I've
got some time in a camera why don't you
stop by No okay um oh oh my god the
silence after he asked it and just the
uncomfortableness I oh my god also why
why would you why would you ask that
who and his silence in the room it
reminded me of remember when Kelly
Osbourne said on the view about Donald
Trump how like if he got rid of all
Mexicans and like who would clean his
toilet if you don't remember check out
if you kick every Latino out of this
country then who is going to be cleaning
a toilet Donald Trump oh that's in a
sense that no you know what I mean like
oh my god the Simon's in the room oh by
the way
apologized she misspoke she didn't
explain when she was drunk explained
right I'm not singing up for her I'm
just saying we all fuck up but man that
silence in that room after she said that
awful
now this next moment is from my favorite
show of all time and that is Big Brother
and I remember watching this when it
happened on TV so back in 2002 there was
two contestants named Justin and Kristin
they were kind of like the showmance of
that season well they were in the
kitchen one night and they were hanging
out and then things progressively
started to get very weird he talked
about ashing her head in he put a knife
to her throat the whole thing was
fucking very disturbing and then because
of that he got kicked off the show so
here is a clip from the actual show and
this happened yesterday producers
expelled one of 12 houseguests for
breaking the rules Justin the bartender
from Bayonne New Jersey threatened
houseguests with violence and physical
intimidation it was a violation of one
of the most serious rules of the house
as you will soon see justin's
threatening behavior continued as to the
concerns of his housemates for their own
safety the final straw for the producers
was the incident tuesday night in the
kitchen
krista was intoxicated they started to
kiss hey mom
I don't like Oh what I'm like yeah I got
no time for you mean wah wah ha ha ha ha
stay right there stay right there all
right would you get mad if we cracked
your overhead with this oh you mama
window first get girls is no way for
real say your mom would love me huh ma
you hate it nothing nothing
would you get mad if I killed you at
this point Justin picked up a large
kitchen knife and repeated to an
intoxicated crista seriously would you
get mad if I killed you he put the knife
to Krista's throat as they kissed he
then took the knife away momentarily and
then he returned the knife to its drawer
that's well maybe take the peanut butter
open it up and say ah at this point
Justin was called into the diary room
Justin please go to the diary room ha
boy oh boy we got problems we got
problems I think it might have been a
knife to your neck after a lengthy
consultation with the show's
psychologist producers were left with no
choice but to expel Justin to protect
the safety of the houseguests I know
fucking crazy I mean the idea that they
brother is crazy in general because
you're putting a bunch of strangers in a
house together there's knives there's
weapons like what if somebody just
fucking snaps and then we're all
watching at home on the live feeds as it
happens it's fucked up well later on
Krista actually sued CBS because she
found out that Justin had prior charges
for violence he was arrested on assault
charges like 5 years before that and
also stole a car and for some reason CBS
like didn't scream that or figure that
out so obviously Krista was pissed now
this next one is really fucked up and I
have been fascinated by it for years I
have watched documentaries about it I
have seen interviews about it and it is
intense so back in the 90s there was a
show called the Jenny Jones Show so
Jenny Jones was kind of like Oprah mixed
with Maury Povich like she would have on
guests she would ask them crazy
questions they would do makeovers and
one of the most popular things they
would do is have people come in and talk
about their secret love and then they'd
bring out the person and they confess
their love to them on national TV and
usually would end with the kids and the
audience would clap and then they'd be
happy for it well unfortunately in March
of 1995 that did not on this particular
episode which was never
shown on TV a man named Scott told his
friend who was a man that he had
feelings for him how Bad's a crush tell
me about the first time you met him
where was he um basically well he was
under a car working on her brake line
yeah and that was your first time what
was your first impression um well I only
saw the lower half bottom so you're
gonna man
so then Jenny brought out his friend
Jonathan who had no idea you gonna get
the headphones off of John and let's
have John come out here and see who has
the crush on him you're shot
and then Scott told Jonathan and it got
pretty awkward did you think Donna has a
crush on you did I know we're good
friends well guess what it's Scott that
has the crush on you you lied to me and
then Jenny brought up something really
awkward to talk about which was Scott's
fantasy that he had about John entails
like whipped cream and champagne
well it was all fun and games and the
audience was laughing and cringing and
everybody thought it was a really great
time unfortunately three days after the
show taping something very bad happened
Jonathan went to Scott's house three
days later with a shotgun and shot him
dead and in court Jonathan said one of
the main reasons he did it was because
of what happened on the show and that he
was humiliated and that it ruined his
life and because of that the show was
never aired Jenny Jones even had to go
to court to testify and say that it was
not their intent to piss him off they
did not think he was going to go that
way but either way unfortunately it
ended in murder now this last one is
fucking crazy I can't believe this
happened
and I can't believe I hadn't heard about
it till recently and that is the fact
that on the show the dating game a
serial killer won in 1978 there was a
man named Rodney Alcala and he was on a
killing spree in California during the
killing spree he went on a show called
the dating game and he was put as
bachelor number one and at the time
nobody knew he was an actual serial
killer check it out
please welcome Rodney Alcala and some of
his answers were so fucking creepy if
you think about the fact that he's a
serial winner bachelor number one yeah
that's what's your best time the best
time is at night night I'm the only time
what's wrong with the morning afternoon
well they're okay but nighttime Conan
really gets good I know
fucking creepy and the craziest part she
won this girl won a date with a fucking
serial killer you've heard from the
bachelors you got some great dramatic
presentation some good answer but now
I'm gonna ask you a question will that
date be bachelor number one bachelor
number two or bachelor number three who
gets the dates I'll take one number one
the Rodney Alcala
the one answer now luckily they never
actually went out on the date she met
him face to face and she was like nah
I'm not into it well this is the
craziest part he would pretend to be a
fashion photographer and he would have
girls come over he would photograph them
they thought that he was like a legit
photographer and then he would kill them
now he's currently in prison on death
row for a few different murders but then
police found in his house a bunch of
photographs of girls and then they
realized that those girls were also dead
now police are still looking into this
and they're looking at the pictures and
trying to find the bodies and trying to
match them but what they do know is that
there's a chance that he killed up to a
hundred and thirty but luckily the girl
chose him Sheryl Bradshaw did not go on
the date so she's still alive well there
you guys go those are all the creepiest
moments from TV hopefully you guys
enjoyed that video and hopefully it
didn't make you too uncomfortable or
actually hopefully it did and if you
want me to make more videos like this
please give me a thumbs up so I know
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see more of my creepy videos
where I talk about kind of scary stuff
I'll put a link to a playlist where at
the top of the description all right you
guys I will see you little creepers
tomorrow stay safe okay so I just posted
a picture and I asked you guys to give
me a one-word explanation of what I look
like
let's read up lonely yup depressed okay
not really about my look but thanks
