have you guys yes just when you thought
I couldn't get any more Kylie on my face
here we are again I did the lip kit I
did the Chi shadows and now it's time to
celebrate her birthday by the way I
don't know how old Kylie is she
literally could be 17 or 48 bond I was
excited that she decided to celebrate
her birthday by letting me pay like $250
for her shit thanks Kylie that reminds
me when you're a kid and you have like a
birthday party to go to never having me
but like I see kids you got invited
birthday parties and the birthday party
would be like some fancy place or like
some crazy discovery zone an invitation
would be like must pay $50 for admission
like this really you're gonna make me
pay to come to your party I already got
to go find you a gift or pretend like I
give a fuck about you
I already got to take a shower and I
don't do that for anybody I already got
a big my mom to drive me to this stupid
fucking party cuz I was six years old
and uber hasn't been invented yet
and then I got to talk to all these
motherfuckers I tried to ignore during
the school day and you're gonna make me
see them on the fucking weekend that is
not a birthday party that's a funeral
anyways let's open this up so I got this
shit on eBay it was very expensive but
it's okay because it's for the Queen's
birthday and it came in this a sack with
her name on it what am I ever gonna do
with this sack afterward fucking tied
around my head and stuff I get myself to
death because I paid $300 for fucking
makeup it also came with a card this is
Kylie on it and written on the back I'm
definitely not her it says it's my
birthday I wanted to do something
special for you guys Deli is validate
this reminds me a lot of that invitation
I was talking about from that kid so
like hey if you don't want to come to my
fucking birthday party haha no Tommy I
don't want to pay also I was not invited
this has been an amazing year because of
the love you have shown me and Kylie
cosmetics the love we've shown you is
that what love is to you Kylie just a
lot of money you know what love is to me
somebody who can put up with my farty
ass and someone who when I asked do I
look fat in this they do not answer and
they just walk away this is not bad okay
let's open this up
whoo so inside the bag is another bag
backing back on back and
how's like some fucking lips with some
yellow ass teeth I love that like I love
the down to earth Kylie who's like you
know what not all of us have white teeth
some of us have orange have you ever met
somebody with a brown tooth
how does that happen I'll brush my teeth
very often none of my teeth are brown
what are you eating to get a brown - and
why just one like wouldn't all your TV
room are you only eating shit with bat -
you don't know wet Brown teeth Tommy
hope you guys hunting a birthday you
brown tooth bitch anyways back to Kylie
okay so there's some calm dribbling off
her lips and rippling from her orange
teeth I love that I actually really like
this bag here's the thing we've talked
about this before I talk a lot shit
about the Kardashians I look make fun of
them but I have not hated the makeup so
far I did not hate the lip kid I did not
hit the car shadow so I'm kind of
excited I think it's gonna be good
makeup once again I don't use makeup so
I'm gonna fuck it up but like it better
be good for have spent if it was okay on
this side of the bag is little K so you
just rip the K across here and then it's
time to open it up ooh this is like an
unboxing I love this am i up fucking do
right now I can okay first we have the
birthday edition Kylie matte liquid
lipstick I don't know what any of those
words mean but I'm excited whoo look you
pull it out and then here they are I'm
not a guru all right let's see what the
colors are we have exposed Dolce cocoa
candy and Kristen what like you're gonna
give me some fucking like dirt around
she crazy veins and you're gonna throw
in some like boring ass white bitch name
can you imagine if you were one of these
and like we're looking like pages for
the gods and your friends like damn girl
what's that shade and you're like oh
it's Kristen you might as well have a
shade called Carol or Ruth but I'm not
gonna judge it on the name I'm gonna
judge it on actually I don't know what
to judge it on I don't understand makeup
if it doesn't burn my mouth to give me
an infection I'm gonna say it's great
okay so I'm gonna try Kristen
ha wait this is called leo where the
fuck is Kristin does she not even exist
whatever okay I'm gonna try Leo okay you
guys can see this is Leo we're just
going to open her up okay here we go
wait is this lipstick did I read that
right yes yes yes definitely looks like
actual shit and blood mix whoo oh you
door that looks good
I have no upper lip I never noticed that
that's depressing guess I better go get
surgery do you think Kylie will ever
sell that kind of lip kit like just a
bunch of needles silico and I'll open it
up and kris Jenner's voice will come out
and say you should do it okay so that's
lip number one all right I like it
what's next
ooh fuck I'm having an identity crisis
why do I look just like Kris Jenner do I
have her hair oh I always thought it was
more of a Caitlyn's but guess not all
right little shit yeah okay so this is a
liquid lipstick oh it says it's metal
okay
I'm hoping this is like super glittery
and gold when I do it literally what
what am i doing he is being funny like
watching me like try to put on these
makeups and make fun of it now I'm
literally just a guru but I'm just
trying this shit off what have I become
all right well cool we wipe this off
first because I wanted sure that the
colors right could you imagine if my
channel turn into a beauty Channel okay
so now that my lips are clean and it's
time to try this
ooh it's like I don't know fucking weird
gold Brown shit something that probably
wouldn't look good on a person but like
I'm not a person so let's try it out
let's open this up whoo that smells good
that smells like chopped Canadian No
ooh I love that sound sounds like Kylie
all right let's put on this shit and see
what happens
oh oh my god I take back everything I've
ever said about Kylie Chloe a whole clan
oh my god oh my god
this is fucking beautiful okay literally
Who am I literally what am i doing - oh
my god it's really pretty I'm a fucking
woman Wow oh my god it kind of looks
like honey mustard mmm oh my god it
looks like a nugget oh my god if she
wouldn't call this like chicken nugget
she would have had my respect what does
she call this my lord
bitch don't bring God into this I like
can't stop doing it I just like want to
do this forever
I don't even have a joke for this like I
love it like from far away it definitely
looks like I have a deformity like I'm
some kind of a victim of some kind of a
disaster and they had to like make my
lips out of like forward materials
well like close up caring it far away I
can't believe you survived close-up oh
my god who is she
far away what is that close-up gorgeous
rich famous far away we should probably
donate to this bitch either way I love
it alright what's next oh my god there
is no difference between this moist
helmet had the voice hello I to use up
my hemorrhoids by the way kids just know
that when you turn like 25 your ass
starts to believe for no reason it's
something teachers never tell you but
it's the reason they're always angry
okay back to makeup do you think Kylie
has hemorrhoids you can chill the
release a hemorrhoid kit oh my god could
you imagine a logo just like the
dripping ass or just like a dripping
asshole
just little anyways what is this this is
new Chi liner we get it bitch your name
is a pun or a homophone homophobe
homosexual I didn't go to school
whatever you know what I mean your name
rhymes with a lot of shit whoa fuck okay
so this is what's this this is some kind
of fucking is this is this lipstick it's
not opening oh they're just I don't know
what it can I eat it like Kylie help
once again not edible okay I think this
is probably for your eyes okay and then
this is kind liner I
and this is a brush oh oh I know what
I'm doing what we're gonna do is Kyle fi
my eye so if you really want to Kyle if
I your I have to cry for like ten hours
being a lot of pain because your mom is
Chris
okay so first let's just take this brush
okay you like what my really doesn't
like that on my I guess let's try it
Lily oh yeah I don't think I'm doing
this right yeah I definitely don't think
this is I shed I think it's I don't know
what it is but it's real sticky I wonder
if there's a term for this like insects
you know like a Cleveland steamer or
like an Alaskan pipeline both of those
things means shitting into a condom
freezing it and then shoving it up your
partner's ass but like what is it call
when you just smear poop on your eyelid
stink I know that's already a thing
stink wait whatever leave your ideas in
the comment okay so now that that's done
we're going to line our eye with this
Chi liner pencil thing and see how it
looks all right like a gay pirate
perfect oh yeah
oh she killed that all right let's see
what it looks like far away ooh that
looks kind of good it's like the
opposite of lipstick like far away it's
like glamorous hot porn star close-up
whose dirty asshole did she just blink
inside up far away red carpet premiere
photo shoot close-up Tyga I thought you
want I feel like that's kind of it but
you know what I feel like you guys if
you're watching this and you actually
want to see the products like an actual
unboxing video let me do some like cute
little guru close-up shit alright
guru close-up shit three two one okay
everyone here's my kylie jenner birthday
edition and makeup fucking bag whatever
the let's see what's inside
gorgeous so here we have this fucking
Duty lips a nice shade of ass and inside
we have this this is a nice fucking
lipstick this color only works to give a
really pretty face if you don't it just
looks like you're trying too hard
here's all the other ones one of them's
name is Kristen and every Christian I
know does not wear makeup here's all
these other fucking one a Miss fucking
one and whatever the fuck this is get
really fucking Punk with the box if fuck
fucking fingers okay okay
it's this I've no idea what this is but
it's expensive and then this wait where
to did that dance wait fuck this is this
is just like a cute little like wrist
thing once again if you don't have a
pretty face don't try this because I
need just that sad gross girl that just
keeps putting weird things on a body to
distract you from her face it doesn't
work and then here's all this shit that
fell on the floor so there it is Kylie's
fucking birthday what a queen okay the
last thing before we go I'm going to put
this back on and post a picture and see
what you guys have to say I feel like
this is a great way to lower my
self-esteem just kind of give me a
reality check that I'm a gross nasty pig
and I need to be slaughtered I love my
fandom by the way when youtubers say
fandom it makes me want to Kyle myself
here we go take a quick little pic okay
so I just posted a picture and I asked
you guys to give me a one-word
explanation of what I look like
let's Rita lonely yup depressed okay not
really about my look but thanks you look
really tired once again more than one
word but you're right
someone said what the fuck did you do to
your eyebrows that's just my face what's
wrong with my eyebrows really dehydrated
okay I asked you guys to talk about my
lips not my actual face I know I look
tired I know I don't drink enough water
I know I don't sleep but like can we
keep it to the makeup thing like that
gross old nasty guy from Austin
powers yeah I get it crippling I can't
think of anything so New York meme haha
and last but not least a homeless gay
person sorry I know that's more than one
word you know what I'll take it my guys
got it with me trying to Kylie Jenner
birthday lip I face spa make sure to
give this video thumbs up cuz it's my
fucking birthday I'm kidding it's not my
birthday
but on my actual birthday I'm gonna make
you guys pay a lot of money make sure
they give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and please subscribe my
channel right down below cuz I make new
videos every single thing and if you
want to see all the other videos if you
try and Kylie's other products I'll put
a link to a playlist right at the top in
the description below as you guys I'll
see you there's like hahaha what a queen
alright you guys I'll see you cuties
tomorrow bye wow this is just hey guys
oh my god does her mom I know what she's
doing in that room by the way
look at those trophies she is eight
hundred trophies this bitch is more
successful in her 10 years of life than
I will ever be
