so about a month ago I started a series
on this channel where I wanted to
confront people from my past but the one
I always thought would never ever happen
was my dad this is like so intense for
me I am so so scared but so excited huh
all right let's do this
okay so I'm outside of my mom's house
right now because I wanted to talk to
her first about me making a video with
my dad I think she's gonna be okay with
it I mean I know she wants me to have a
relationship with him but she's never
really talked about her divorce or
anything on the internet so I feel like
I should get her permission and I feel
very loyal to my mom and I don't want
her to think I'm like doing this behind
her back
also I got a text from my dad asking if
I was going to bring my boyfriend to see
him too so I'm already crying and the
video just started this is gonna be a
mess okay let's go hi I'm a youtuber I
always have a camera oh wow is he you've
been decorating for Christmas I've got
my Mariah Carey already I was planned
and the trees just sittin box over there
oh and family gathering in love what a
perfect segue okay um okay so I'm about
to do this video and I just wanted to
talk to you about it and get your
thoughts on it so you know how I did
that video where I confronted Blair yes
this one's a little more intense so I
want to do a video where I talk to dad
okay I think that's a good idea okay so
you think it's a good at I do absolutely
what do you hope happens from it maybe
just closure to the past
you know you're a man now honey you're
building your home and your family Oh No
so I think it's I think that's what I
would hope for honey is just a new
beginning you know you've got Ryland and
you're building your family and he's
your father he's family yeah I mean
that's how I feel too I'm still scared
though well we don't have to get into
the whole divorce aspect of it because
that's a lot but I mean how do you feel
now because I know that like 10 years
ago
this would never have happened well for
so many years after the divorce there
was just a lot going on
raising kids just a lot of challenges
and stuff and I think as I've gotten
older and I can look back on it and see
my part in it is well you know we were
very young met him at 17 married him
right out of high school he was young so
I just think we did the best we could I
had issues and things in my life as well
yeah I think that's what I realized when
I got older was that like
both parents probably had issues and I
was so close to you that like I just saw
him as this monster which now I need to
figure out who he actually
exactly so I was thinking you've always
kept pictures and photo albums and
things like that I've never looked at
that because like I have a weird thing
about childhood I just don't like
looking at it but since I'm doing this I
should see what it was so let's get some
pictures let's look and hopefully I
don't have a nervous breakdown
all right okay I think this is probably
the last one I have oh my gosh I'm a
horrific a panic attack so oh my god
that's actually your father and you
that's me
uh-huh all right oh my god I look like
him oh my god wait is that you guys yes
I literally look like him oh yeah is
that my penis my glasses on them because
I oh my god triggered I make an O shape
not a snake so I kind of wanted to oh my
god that is so weird well this is this
is mentor this is what I was just
talking about this is where I'm gonna
meet Ventura is probably my best
memories honey oh my god well those were
his favorite pictures so I am I enjoy I
enjoy going to pattern oh my god it's
the one time in my whole life I took my
shirt off swimming was I ever skin well
you go up and see grandma and I think
grandma kept giving you cookies there
you are at the promised you but I want
to show you as far as you looking just
like it but if you go through and you
you know you have your nest basin
why was he skidding he also struggled
with his weight and then when he I think
was in high school he lost his weight
and started lifting weights but look at
the grin honey oh that one's crazy yeah
I mean I think if someone looked at that
they would just say oh that shame okay
well I need a diarrhea and then I am
going to go see dad do you want me to
take him your nudes or you just stop mom
says hi
all right wish me luck oh I love you son
and I'm proud of you all right okay so I
just left my mom's house and that was
way more emotional than I was expecting
I had never seen those pictures of my
mom and dad at their wedding and seeing
my dad hold my mom's face and how happy
they were like really fucked me up I had
never seen my mom and dad happy before
in my childhood so seeing that picture
definitely changes things it even more
so makes me want to do this video
because I want to have a relationship
with him and I want them to have a
relationship to you know like I want to
have holidays where my mom and dad can
see each other because I think she
misses him and I hope he misses her all
right I'm gonna go inside and kiss her
Island and hold him and hug him and
tomorrow's the big day
okay we are on our way to Ventura Beach
this is a lot yeah that looks like the
one from one ounce of kids I did oh my
god oh my god oh my god I see it too
this is so weird I'm sorry I'm scared
