guys who just finished an amazing
podcast with a new Onaga how did it go
it was pretty good I was a little bit
revealing I was scared
we talked a lot of shit and we talked
about YouTube drama we talked about
having sex with celebrities and we
rapped we did we're rappers now cuz I
got done there's a card that comes I see
any friends like hey Debbie guys alright
I'm fucking excited today because today
is like my reward for last week's
disaster after eating all that nasty ass
rehearsal I needed something amazing in
my mouth but unfortunately I couldn't
find that instead I got jacked not
amazing but it works what I imagined the
other person will say to me on our
wedding night
I mean it sounds amazing but you know
it'll work I hope I got you
anyways I guess today we're gonna try
you out of a box I can't believe I've
never tried Jack in a box in a video
before I definitely had it real life but
I didn't want to just do a normal boring
like oh I've had this before mmm still
good so instead I went to Jack in the
Box and I told Lady I said listen I want
you to hook me up with the weirdest shit
you've got you guys always have some
fucked up shit going on Jack in the Box
actually caters to stoners like that's
their thing they call all their food
after midnight like munchies I'm pretty
sure they've even had commercials where
people are like smoking weed and an
evening jack box they're all about that
also if your spokesperson looks like
this bitch you must be high and no this
is not sponsored by jacket box or weed
it's only sponsored by medieval time
okay they should fucking sponsor me I've
worn this shirt in every video medieval
times hook it up all right here we go
number one I'm so excited
I already unwrapped this bitch because I
could not wait to see what you look like
that will not happen on my wedding night
they will literally wait until I've
already came to take my clothes off oh
oh yeah you like - hold on let me take
off my shirt oh no no I'm so into shirts
oh I love your cock me fucking shirt
keep it on yeah let's see okay I don't
even know what this is called because I
don't remember but this is a double
stack cheeseburger are you ready for
this
sit down are you sitting by the way are
you in class right now how are you
watching this in class right now is your
teacher listening to this pot just want
to give her a little scare here we go
bitch it's a double tap cheeseburger
with fucking curly fries on it why I ha
ha that's my that's my cum face I'm so
excited
oh my god wait hold up really look at
that really take that in you got a layer
of cheese you got a layer of curly fries
you got a layer of burger oh my God
we're gonna forgive that old nasty-ass
lettuce and pretend like it's not there
and we're also gonna forgive if there's
a pickle in here because you know how I
feel about pickles oh my god okay here
we go I'm genuinely so fucking pumped
for this oh my god okay oh it's dripping
okay one two Oh hum check out the pickle
it's great oh my god Oh curly front
flying everywhere oh my god this is like
aa wannabe is saggin here the brownie
punch to anybody who knows what that is
this is amazing this is perfect I'm
excited oh my god Jack and muffs curly
fries are fucking killing it I wonder
what this would taste like if that was
high like I don't know what it's like to
be high I think I've been high like once
but it was kind of an accident and I was
just like crying the whole time I'm
having a panic attack so I don't think I
would have wanted to eat but if I did
get high I feel like this will fuck me
up this is amazing good job
jack-in-the-box Jack my box one winner
sizzle zero I mean honestly the
Wienerschnitzel always seemed real keep
this back here see you later okay next
this is another weird fucking sandwich I
don't want to go know what it's called
but it is chicken and biscuits so
basically the actual bun is made out of
biscuits then inside is fried chicken
then they got a fucking a hash brown
cheese and gravy literally what like how
the fuck oh my god wait let's just open
it up oh my god oh it was bacon oh my
god oh my god you see that really look
at that
my god fucking biscuit fucking bacon
fucking gravy fucking hashbrown fucking
fried chicken gah
let's fucking do this I love them of the
background it's like I have friends god
I wish I could eat my friends oh look
gravy dripping up this side let's get
into this oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god I don't even have a joke for
this this is so fucking good oh my god
oh my god that fucking hash brown she's
fucking bringing it bitch the bacon it's
already been problem the fucking biscuit
bring it on three starting hate event
Danny the fucking fried chicken bring it
on over for star Christina video which
was the weakest of the series but
honestly the chicken is the weakest of
the sandwich but it's still part of the
trilogy and we're killing it
oh my god just a fucking biscuit on top
ah
taking a Teddy's jiggle oh my god I've
never been a jack about some girl you
know I mean like I'm all about my talk
about whatever this Bob Ness okay this
is suspect this is the taco now listen I
know I talk a lot about fast food and
how they need to stay in their lanes but
I definitely have this before and I
remember loving it when I was a kid and
just like everything else didn't let me
back but that's what I like about it so
I'm just gonna give it a chance
it is a crispy it's kind of fried which
I like and it's really wet you could see
like all this shit dripping from it I do
remember though that the cheese is
problematic like I remember it being
like a fucking stick of cheese or like a
craft single which we don't do that
I'm any craft to like find a significant
other because like her being single is
not killing it huh so let's just get
into this start on the side oh my god it
looks good like it definitely does not
look like a taco like it kind of looks
like a burger that got stepped on but
honestly anything is better than leave
your sizzle so let's get it
I'm just like childhood this is worse
than I remember um this is not good like
at all I remember loving this why did I
on this let's open this up and see
what's actually in it I mean it looks
good by the way
hello but that's what looks good to me
I'm like I mean it looks great
um it's not great Wow jack-in-the-box is
your first slip-up I'm gonna forgive her
though because of that biscuit situation
but like this is bring it on five star
Christy Carlson Romano and nobody wanted
that next oh I got really excited to
install box and then I sound like little
fried inside about my bitch mini Charles
maybe Charles quicker yeah I mean yeah
I'm gonna open it up on a web Oh as egg
rolls
I'll pass something fucking up me up oh
no these are not gonna be good why would
they sell egg rolls what I'm sorry
can't express already has this lady
covered you need to keep your little
jack-in-the-box car with that stupid
little antenna of your boss and another
separately the Berger late cuz there's
literally no way that this could taste I
changed it
Jeffrey Chinese I don't think so you
might be the whitest person I've ever
seen in my life
all right first let's open it up and see
like what's actually inside because I
can't even imagine what the fuck is in
this okay I mean it looks pretty
standard case and chicken some onion
there's no sauce I feel like they
shouldn't give me a sweet sour sauce for
dipping sauce or something no sauce
so um he fucked up but it's time let me
hear it she changed lane and she didn't
crash this is good I can't believe this
good how is this good like in what world
does jack-in-the-box make good Chinese
food let you down the Box make good
Chinese food then Hilary Duff can make
good music again like I believe in
anything but bitch I'm ready for another
come clean like I'm ready for another so
yesterday please stop serving me music
about your child like your kid is cute
once again I'm not gonna make fun of
kids we all know that but but like
that's not my kid
I don't need a song about it I don't
need a lullaby for it I want you to sing
about getting your fucking pussy beat
actually she never sang about that
unless uh-huh you know why not give my
pussy be
yeah everybody I always dress yellow
when I want to give my pussy beep let
the rain fall down give up pussy be so
yesterday so yesterday best man I got up
to see beat last I love that greatest
hit call it give up the CP you can take
that idea Hill alright this is a very
standard double cheeseburger but I've
never tried it and I want you to try it
because Big Macs are my fucking
everything so I want to see if this is
even slightly in competition with her
and honestly it looks pretty good you
can see the layers there's no bread in
between so like Big Mac already has you
on that but there is a lot of sauce
which I like the cheese looks pretty
gooey I feel like this might be good
honestly ready to get my pussy be good
there's no Big Mac but pretty good and
you know me I'm a fucking hater like I
hate on food so hard I can't even hate
on this like it's good the burger is
like crispy but also tender in the
middle it might not be fully cooked but
that's ok the lettuce we all know how
that goes throw that away the tomato is
covered in mayonnaise which makes it not
healthy at all - like why even put the
tomato in it the bond has like a lot of
weird fucking marks on it just like mine
like this definitely is it better than
Big Mac but she's still in the race side
note
going back to Hilary Duff who was Hilary
Duff's like main competition like who
was her Big Mac well actually she was
the Big Mac who was her whatever fuck
this is wasn't Lindsay Lohan now that
bitch was a whopper Ashley Simpson who
by the way isn't in-n-out burger like
she's not super amazing or like very
like original but like she's good and I
love her what I wait in line for her for
like an hour
no but if somebody brought her to me and
said take a bite of this I'd be like
it's better than her sister I don't even
over time next burger oh fuck we're out
of burgers but oh we got those mini
Tarot's oh my god okay these I've had
these
I remember these I was on painkillers
one time a lot of painkillers and I was
like crying not SLUSA nating and I
didn't know who I was and then my mom is
like is there anything I could do for
you and I was like um can you throw me
out my window because I think I can fly
and she's like that's very tempting cuz
I know how that would end but no and
then I'm like I think is the Aaron
Carter in the bathroom he's staring at
me and she's like no that's your
reflection you look fucked and then I
finally gave her a realistic thing and I
was like oh can you give me some mini
churros for jagan boxes no sound lays
right now and she did and it was the
best night of my life
I was sadly oh my god wait I just did
something I've never thought about doing
before a hold on okay so these churros
are filled with cinnamon like oh no
frosting shit but look you can actually
just squeeze oh my god that's more
satisfying than popping a pimple because
I can actually eat it I mean I can eat
pimple juice but like there's like not
that much you know I mean like a pimple
only gives you like a little squirt if a
people give me this much juice are you
kidding me I'd never leave my back all
right here we go fucking ball oh my god
these are so good these have to be so
unhealthy but as I keep eating them
they're fucking fried their fucking
doughy the fucking billing the fucking
pimple juice is killing it Oh at all I
feel like jack-in-the-box doesn't get
enough credit
I feel like McDonald's gets all the
shine and I feel like jack-in-the-box
and Carl's finger like her ugly ass
sisters but they have like good hearts
but like nobody wants to fuck them
but feel like McDonald's has like faked
his big ass they lives my hips fake hair
fake nips like everything is fake and
like everybody's like yeah fuck that up
but like Jack Watson girl senior they're
like real girls like they have really
low hanging tits they got spider veins
on their ass their hair is falling out
they're stressed they might have black
bones like they haven't gone to the
dentist in a few years but that's okay
they can't afford it and no matter how
much they waxed it always grows back
taker but if somebody just gave them a
chance maybe like damn this ain't as
good as McDonald's but I'd fuck with it
when I was high or like fucked up on
some kind of drug
so all I'm trying to say is give all
fast foods a chance
except leaner stencil because it's gross
alright guys gonna be dropping food some
dragonbox
still gonna get to her later make sure
to give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and subscribe down below to
my channel cuz I make new videos every
week and if you want to see more videos
of me eating fast foods and crazy foods
I'll put a link to a playlist right at
the top of the description below all
right you guys I'm gonna fuck this up
and I will see you little curly fries
tomorrow bye
mmm doesn't that look good yummers oh my
god keep me away from that I'm just
gonna destroy it I can't keep myself
away from that yeah look at all that
gooey goodness yeah
