hey guys what's up welcome back to you
what the fuck five my name is destory
and this is a picture of me and jennifer
warranting while riding on the back of a
dolphin I remember that day it totally
happened get in no way is that just a
photoshopped picture I put together like
five minutes ago at least it's more
believable than the pictures we'll be
going over today for the five worst
Photoshop jobs of all time but since I
think I did a pretty good job here it's
at least the most PG rated picture I've
done of me and Jennifer Lawrence and I'm
going to end that conversation while I'm
ahead
okay so coming in at number one we have
to of course get the muscle Photoshop
jobs out of the way so what better way
to start us off than with this picture
holy fuck the only way this picture
would ever be considered a success is if
he was trying to make himself look like
a shitty n64 character but also I
understand the urge to want to Photoshop
yourself it's not easy waking up every
day knowing that under these clothes I
really look like this this is my reality
and again it's definitely not
photoshopped at all the more muscle
Photoshop fails we have this one oh good
more why did he make the ABS so big no
so why is he so angry in this picture yo
I can't wait to show my dopes abnormally
large abs to Angela she's gonna love my
murderer look and facial expression bro
speaking of murder
what is with every muscle picture the
dude looking like he just murdered
someone maybe they should have
photoshopped you a better fucking
attitude but my favorite part about
these pictures is just how could they do
this and be like yes oh it's pretty
realistic that all of reality is bending
around my arm right what that doesn't
happen to you I never do on the list I'm
not just gonna be singling out the dudes
as much as we love our Photoshop I could
honestly say that this may have gone a
little overboard at this point it's not
even a question of whether it's
photoshopped or not it's a question of
why it's Photoshop who would even want
their ass to be this big do dudes like
that now yeah my ass is so fat I can't
even walk properly
ah shit girl that's so hot in this one I
guess the girl only wanted one boob to
be bigger honestly that's doing it for
me my new fetish is girls with one
enlarged boob just one two is too many
your eyes in this picture auditive no
they're not I had surgery on him after a
bad accident when I was Stefan that is
the best excuse for obvious Photoshop
ever you might as well just given him a
one-word answer because that would have
been
probably more believable than what you
said their eyes in this picture are
obvious this is an edited granola at
number three of the list we have a
collection of Photoshop fails of people
trying to make it seem like they have a
social life oh yeah I totally know the
Kardashians here's a picture of me
laying on them are those boobs on your
neck oh shit this picture just looks
like a sad attempt to make this guy's
ex-girlfriend jealous yeah well fuck you
Ashley I don't need you okay I was
saying that would be two totally real
ladies that for some reason both don't
have legs don't mess with this guy he is
a terribly animated Tiger to garment
couldn't they have least animated the
tiger to make him look like he didn't
want to kill himself kill me oh Jesus
Christ
so just so much wrong with this one okay
first the lady is a giant apparently but
the main thing is what the hell is that
thing instead of just leaving the
picture how it was he decided it was a
better idea to crudely draw an arm in
Microsoft Paint do you know how actually
terrifying that would be if someone had
an arm like that ah Jesus Christ
the last unless we have a category of
pictures that are personally my favorite
so first we have this okay what is going
on in this picture never mind that the
dude and the girl are both from
different pictures whose decision was it
to make it look like they're both going
through the windshield
honestly this picture would have been
cool without the enormous woman on the
back of the bike but also where is her
other arm she probably got it topped off
in the same horrible accident as these
girls I thought the prayers go out to
the victims of this horrible tragedy I
don't know what it was but I bet it was
bad this was amazing cuz he didn't even
take the time to cut himself out of the
other picture got no time for that man I
really need to know what I look like
right now in front of this mediocre 2011
Volkswagen Jetta and then finally my
favorite is this one what the fuck what
the fuck is this what is even going on
ah there's just so much wrong with this
picture
okay so first he cut himself out in just
the most terrible way that's because I
guess he didn't have enough
legs in the original picture he just
drew some moron what the fuck and then
to top it all off he decided it was a
good idea to include some really
expensive shoes because you know why not
I guess I mean sure I make you look like
you're breaking your legs inwardly but
that's just the price you have to pay
for beauty
oh god no more please that is it for
this episode of what the fuck five
hopefully you guys enjoyed it and if you
did make sure to give it a like and also
subscribe to the channel as it will be
more every Saturday also if you'd like
to see more of me make sure to check out
my channel at youtube.com slash Captain
Estes check it out you might see more of
my adventures with Jennifer Lawrence
yeah here we are on a volcano it was
pretty awesome that's it guys I'll see
you next time for another what the fuck
bye thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
