has it be good yes you read that title
correct I'm actually going to try to
make a black pizza
does it sound appetizing fuck no but is
this something you want to see probably
not am I gonna do it probably wrong so
let's get started so you're probably
wondering why I'm doing this or how I
got this idea long story short my
friends here on YouTube thread bangers
who I'm obsessed with I have made videos
with them and I just love them so much
they're trying to make black the new
galaxy faded black ice cream they did a
black grilled cheese sandwich both of
those looks very gross but I wanted mine
to look even grosser which is why I'm
doing a black pizza or if you've ever
been to Chuck E Cheese you've already
seen a black pizza because it's just
fucked up part gross and honestly not
even food but I still eat it okay so
here's what I think I'm gonna do I have
a premade dough because you really think
I was gonna make that ship threat thing
is with a lot of work into their videos
I don't even change my damn shirt we
also have cheese I have two bags with it
I don't know why I just didn't know what
joy wanted that's a lie just got extra
because I want to make pizza nachos
later if you don't know what pizza
nachos are you obviously didn't grow up
in a trailer like I did I have
pepperonis which am I supposed to clip
these because I've just been eating them
out of the package looks like I'm gonna
have some black diarrhea no I'm just
kidding it's galaxies and it's gross I
also have pizza sauce gross has olives
and a can opener because I didn't have
one and honestly I don't even really
know how to use one and then I got a
bunch of black food coloring spray
because I couldn't actually find like
black food coloring drops so I'm hoping
the spring works so basically I'm doing
everything thread bangers does but wrong
so let's go whoo I also got this it's
this black pan because I thought I could
put the black pizza on it and it's just
fucking fly exception it's also very
dirty I don't know if you could see that
I bought this brand new at Party City
and it's fucking card in dirt like I'm
sorry what Party City I know your tragic
I know your messy you're the yard sale
party stores and this is coming from me
somebody who does even clean
damn honey but you know what I do I take
a fake-ass shower and I rub myself with
like moist towelettes you can't at least
do that whatever let's get started okay
so first let's die the pizza press so I
guess I'm just going to spray this with
the black food coloring and hopefully
when I put in the oven it doesn't wait
on fucker alright so here we go let's
spray our pizza crust and get you a
better angle nope that's not it there we
go okay 1 2 3
oh wait it looks purple my color mine
oh fuck oh I'm gonna get black bomb it's
black long back in like the years where
people used to shit in buckets adorable
window is if I was a time traveler you
know where I'd go there is so many
people I want to throw my shit bucket at
and then you can just do it be like oh
sorry I didn't see you down there I know
she's covered in my fecal matter
back in pizza ok oh yeah you gotta get
close
alright we're going to do the end and
then go in a circle and I'm already
almost out the food color see fuck wait
I don't really have to do the bottom
right it was just going to be covered in
stuff whatever we're doing the whole
thing because we're going to try today
though I don't know how to try it and so
long since I've done that all right
let's get the side well make sure we
cover everything just like me when I'm
looking for bathing suit I'm shaking
that's a maternity section I know all
right
that is our Black Keys across ok I think
this might work
I think I'm a fucking thread banger I'm
not a piece of thread that you I can't
get through that needle cuz it's too big
and then like once you start getting it
through it splits and then you're like
well this thread it's fucked I better
throw it away that's me I love that
sound
ok so we are going to pour the sauce
into the see-through cup because I
really want to see what's gonna happen
side note I wasn't no hotel recently had
to fucking model Queen and there was a
mirror on the ceiling like
no there's a freaky ass people but you
have to be really in love with yourself
too long dad
you know where I want a mirror fucking
covered with the bedsheet so I have to
look at it poor broken and I don't even
care that it gives you like seven years
bad luck I'm okay is purple look do you
see that I'm colorblind oh my god this
is my coming out do people make coming
up for colorblind can you imagine my
coming out video for babies all online
like hashtag all colors win that might
already be after okay so this isn't as
black as I want but I think if I just
put it here and add more black food
coloring on top of it it should work
also this is the grossest thing I've
ever seen this is fucking disgusting I
don't know black should be there you go
it's really gross flavor I'm trying to
make it work Hill Oh God alright this is
I can do this
alright it's kind of working I don't
think it's physically okay to swallow
this much food coloring like well if you
took a bite of this
okay now that the sauce is done it is
time to make our cheese black which you
can already find if you go to a store
called John's let me I guess spray it
inside the bag and then just mix it
around this is not gonna work mmm I feel
like this is like a new trendy drug like
I feel like Bieber would be like pink
girl you got a cheese bag and food
colors but I'm trying to get my bag swag
okay it's kind of working you know what
I might have to just put it on and then
add the color later but then I feel like
it did melt some white cheese will pop
through and I don't want that come on
where's YouTube Zohar oh wait it's kind
of working yeah we have more all right
let's add it to the pizza and see how
gross it looks alright they tryna nope
not at all literally did not work well I
mean okay so now I just have to keep
spraying it with blue color I feel like
at this
I could have literally just made the
beads I just sprayed in Africa that
would have been too easy
mmm I can't wait to put four cans of
food coloring to my body can't wait for
my guts to be black just like my soul
right yeah I'm done
it is so coming creamier oh fuck
all right let's spread this around so I
can get more food coloring on top all
right okay
this actually is looking pretty bad but
in a good way all right time to the
pepperonis now this should be pretty
easy so we are just going to lay these
little babies around the pizza one two
three four five am i counting all right
just cover this bitch up looks pretty
good okay once again we're just gonna
spray these oh that's really looking
good look at that all right
pepperoni is coming out black and
finally the olives time to use a can
opener this is not a pink oh hi I'm
Shane I don't know what anything is so I
guess he just like oh oh like this is it
working it's working yeah all right our
peoples not gonna have all wins all
right let's put this CH in the oven I
don't know what's gonna happen I really
think it's gonna set fire and I'm kind
of okay with that I'm ready you know me
okay I oven I preheated it to 425
degrees I have no reason for that I
didn't look up the directions at all
let's see what happens
whoo it's fucking hot all right oh my
god okay oh my god and let's see how
that turns out what is that there's air
blowing out of it is that normal I
literally don't know anything all right
well that's cooking the oven I'm gonna
go around my house and cover up all my
mirrors see you soon okay update it has
been literally three minutes my entire
kitchen filled with black smoke I had to
open up my windows I I don't think
you're supposed to put that much
food coloring in a lot of it also it
smells very deadly I feel like it's
ready I don't know here let me show you
guys you tell me what you can't answer
back well I'm fucked
alright does it ooh does it look ready
to you what the fuck did I do oh oh oh
my god there's a fucking spider on my
camera hold on oh my god oh my god oh my
god where'd it go fuck where to go oh
there it is it will boot okay sorry back
yeah what the fuck is is okay so I have
my oven mitt I don't really know what to
do do I just put it on top of like the
towel the towel but on top of the towel
once again hashtag Love Wins okay man
let me just pick the pizza ow ow why is
this burning through my fucking glove
all right perfect
what the fuck did we just do also I just
ruined my glove Rosanna pansino is gonna
be something mad at me honestly though
guys this looks good like I feel like I
did it right I mean wrong like all wrong
like everything about it was wrong but
it ended up right so what do we do do we
like cut it should I transfer it to my
black fucking tray thing yeah yeah let's
do that
wait now how do I do that if I lift this
and then just pray to God that it
transfers it fucking worked Wow my
trains way today guys look I did it oh
my god but why did I do it I don't know
all right so let's slice into this bad
boy okay so let's roll the perfect piece
I feel like right here would be good
I've got a nervous okay oh god oh god
aah I don't want to ruin it I worked way
too hard on it that's a lie okay and
then here like it looks like grease but
it's actually just flattening okay oh my
god guys wait wait wait oh fuck
doesn't that look good yummers oh my god
keep me away from that I'm just gonna
destroy it I can't keep myself away from
that yeah look at all that gooey
goodness YUM Blaire you guys go it's
bleeding okay so I'm actually kind of
nervous to try this because number one
it can't be good for you
and number two is sick gonna make my
mouth like black forever I would make my
teeth look so light let's do it all
right here we go
oh God oh hell there goes all the
toppings okay here we go I mean it's
good he's really chemically you guys I'm
gonna treat it's good hey my poop is
gonna be lazy like I usually don't take
pictures of my food or videos or
snapchat only one of my sleeping pills
and I can't forget what I'm doing but
tonight I might have to send you guys a
snap on my ship cuz it's gonna be nuts
like my shit is gonna be so detailed I'm
gonna be able to face filter on like I
will be able to turn my shit into a
puppy dog like my shits gonna have a
chin me is gonna nose it's gonna ice my
shits gonna have here thanks black pizza
all right guys guys me making a black
pizza
hopefully you enjoyed it I don't know
what the fuck I'm doing if you want me
to make more black foods put some
comments down there letting me know I
kind of want your black macaroni and
cheese but I feel like that would just
be really fucking gross so maybe not
well so please make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every day if you want to see
more videos than me making galaxy food
rainbow food and other weird fucking
foods I'll put a link to a playlist at
the top of the description below as you
guys I will see you little black pizzas
tomorrow and there's always accidents at
water parks sometimes they're funny and
harmless you have slides where people
flip over in their rafts and they're
totally okay but then you have some
people who literally fall out of their
raft because there's no safety belt
