are you gonna hit man anywhere oh my god
oh my god oh my god I mean it's the
sound that's more the sound now if I
handed early okay I get it it feels kind
of do my ass maybe yeah hey hey what's
up you guys yes
today we're going to be doing another
video on conspiracy theories but today's
gonna be a little bit different because
we're only going to talk about one
theory and that's the Mandela effect so
I've done a video on this before maybe a
year or two ago but since then there's
been so much more evidence and proof
there's been more people talking about
it it's just becomes so much bigger of a
theory so today we're going to go
through the whole thing so for those of
you who don't know the Mandela effect is
basically when a lot of people have a
memory of something but then when you
look back it never actually happened so
for example a lot of people remember
September 11 actually taking place on
September 10th but of course as we all
know it wasn't so that would be a
Mandela effect and one of the theories
for this happening is that some people
think that we have actually switched
into a different parallel universe or
some people think that maybe somebody
travelled back in time and change
something small and then that thing like
affected a lot of other things kind of
like there will be the butterfly effect
would after Kutcher went back in time he
like picked up a pencil and dropped or
something and then when he went back to
the future a bunch of little things were
different and this makes a lot of sense
to me because think about it time
traveling is going to be a thing like it
might be a thousand years in the future
but it will happen which means that
people have been traveling back and
forth through time they have to happen
if you want to get me on an even bigger
conspiracy theory I think that UFOs are
actually just time machines because they
all look very similar but they all kind
of look a little bit different like
maybe one was built in this year one was
built a thousand years later and I don't
think those are aliens I think those are
just time travelers but that's a whole
another video so the reason it's called
the Mandela effect is because a lot of
people remember Nelson Mandela died in
prison but then on December 5th of 2013
Nelson
died and it confused a lot of people
because they're like I thought he
already died yours and a lot of people
about that which is why it's called the
Mandela effect well now this is where it
gets creepy so there's a book called
English alive and it was published on
October 1st of 1991 and inside of that
book is a quote that says Nelson Mandela
died on the 23rd of July 1991 and that's
in a book that was published years ago
and you can't put things like that in a
book at their fake are also ensued which
means that this is a piece of evidence
that he actually did die a long time ago
just in an alternate universe who
fucking creeps me out so now I'm going
to go through some of the most popular
examples of the Mandela effect once
again I've talked about some of these
before so number one the Berenstein
bears so everybody remembers the
Berenstein bears being spelled gif I
mean I grew up on these books and these
cartoons and I remember very
specifically it was Berenstein bears
then I find out nope it's been
berenstain bears the whole time every
book cover people have found every clip
from the show that people have found
have all said berenstain bears but
everybody remembers it as barons team
just to give you proof I'm going to call
my mom right now she does not hug all
here and I think you guys should do the
same thing go ask your parents if it's
Berenstein or Berenstain and I guarantee
you they're gonna say Berenstein here we
go hey honey I almost missed you
oh I'm doing a conspiracy theory video
right now and I have a question okay
okay so do you remember a book series
when I was a kid and it was like a
family of bears like there was a mom and
a dad yeah
the Berenstein bears yeah so it for sure
wasn't the berenstain bears right IRA
hammock the Barbarian exactly
well actually it was the berenstain
bears the whole time but for some reason
we all thought it was a Bernstein
appearance
yeah so technically people think that
we're in an alternate universe where for
some reason it changed cool okay
I have fun in the gym well here guys go
my mom so everybody's been freaking the
fuck out of with this because we all
remember it being Berenstein well a
picture came out recently and it's going
to freak you the fuck out so one Reddit
user looked in their garage and they
found a really old tape of the
berenstain bears they posted this
picture and on the front of the tape you
can see it says the berenstain bears but
then on the side of the same tape and
set the Berenstein bears fucking crazy
now this picture has been put through a
bunch of tests people have investigated
it to make sure it's not photoshopped to
make sure it's real and it's fucking
real which means that is another piece
of proof that an intellect is real now
another very popular Mandela effect is
sex in the city so everybody that I know
remembers the show being called the Sex
in the City and then you realize no no
it's been Sex and the City the whole
time and then recently this came out so
here's a clip from some award shows back
in the day where they called it Sex in
the City check it out Penny's for
Outstanding Supporting Actress in a
comedy series our Kim Cattrall Sex in
the City
Sex in the City Cynthia Nixon section
reciprocals
I know fucking crazy but that's not the
only thing someone on YouTube who goes
by the name of the whole world's
watching posted this video he has a fan
package of Sex in the City that has like
perfume and cups and stuff and they all
say Sex in the City
check it out are you one proof of the
Mandela effect Sex in the City no
question what it used to be hard fucking
evidence most of you are gonna say oh
he's a graphic designer
he made the fucking box plus the in you
know it's a different color
what thank God my girl still has every
fucking thing in here that says it again
again and again yeah stamped into the
fucking plastic carbs into the glass you
fucking name it now I didn't go out here
and make a fucking Sex in the City
soaps and all this shit's there we go it
says Sex in the City that's not a typo
because that's what it was it's what we
all remember and you know the craziest
part is I went to this video and I went
to other articles online of people
talking about the Sex in the City
Mandela effect and there's a very
similar comment on all of them this
comment I found says lol it's always
been Sex in the City the creator's even
talked about it lay off the bomb dude
which sounds like a pretty normal like
angry youtube comment but that same
exact comment was all over the Internet
it was all like lay off the bomb
lay off the drugs it's always been this
the creators have always said that to me
kind of seems like whoever is in charge
of this whole thing is like going around
the internet trying to debunk it which
creeps me the fuck out another very
popular effect is from the movie Snow
White and that's when the Evil Queen
looks in the mirror and says mirror
mirror on the wall or did she
magic mirror on the wall who is the
fairest
yeah she said magic mirror on the wall
but we all remember me or mirror on the
wall and then in force come we all
remember him saying life is like a box
of chocolates or did he my mom always
said life was like a box of chocolates
life was like a box of chocolates how
come I don't remember anybody ever
saying that it's always been like is
been probably the most famous one is we
all remember in Star Wars him saying
Luke I am your father
we didn't he told me you guilty no I am
the father yeah he never even said Luke
this next one I just read about which
really fucking freaked me out
is Febreze so we have all remembered for
breeze you know that fabric spray that
like makes things not smell like shit
I've always remembered it being spelled
fit breeze f eb r ZD Febreze I literally
remember going to the store and seeing
it there and grabbing it like I remember
it being spelled like that let's wash it
with the breeze two more ways to breathe
happy literally what that is not how it
smelled that is not smell it is always
tattoo 'is that one fucking it hurts my
head and this next one hurts my head
even more Oscar Mayer wiener 'he's okay
we all remember Oscar Mayer n ey er I
even remember the song my bologna has a
first name it so NCAR my bologna has a
second name it's an ey er isn't that how
you remember it it's how I remember it
looking at the name Meyer you would
think it would be Emmy ye are no no fuck
no it is not a you know what na ye er is
John Mayer that's how you say it Mayer
not Mayer that's one of those ones that
really fucking pisses me off because I'm
like no universe stop fucking with me
right now another one like that that
pisses me off is Jif peanut butter which
I always thought was jiffy I feel like
everybody else thought it was jiffy I
mean jiffy peanut butter
Jessie Jessie like that's how I remember
it no it's always been gifs and
last one we're going to talk about is
curious little George now you guys
remember curious little George the
curious little monkey he's had his own
movies TV shows albums he's a cartoon
monkey and we always remembered him as
having a tail because all monkeys have
tails well we were wrong check it out
Bing Bing Bing people come on swing
music is my choice what destiny what no
he has a tail monkeys have tails
I remember Curious George swinging on
trees with his tail I remember having a
Curious George stuffed animal but the
tail does I wrap it around my finger
throw it around no I just looked it up
on Google Images and this is the toy
that I found no tail but then this came
out this is a picture that somebody
posted years ago and it's at them
playing a game at a birthday party
called pin the tail on Curious George so
why would they make a game called pin
the tail on Curious George if you didn't
have a tail especially that game that
looked like a game put out by the
creators of the show so is that a
mistake or is that just more proof that
that alternate universe did exist and
every month more and more these things
are coming out more and more proof more
more evidence because yes maybe it is
possible that we all switched into a
parallel universe and a bunch of little
things changed but I feel like if you
switch constantly like if people keep
going back and forth between time
there's going to be little loopholes
there's going to be little things that
didn't change or little things that got
missed I feel like that's what's
happening because I keep seeing more and
more people find proof that it's real so
let me know down in the comments are
there any Vendela effects I didn't talk
about you guys know of are there things
that you remember that didn't actually
happen
did you always think it was Berenstein
bears very very curious what you guys
have to say on this and I'm just excited
to see what happens next because I feel
like slowly but surely it's starting to
unravel and we're going to see the truth
I'm really excited to see what that is
alright you guys that is my video for
today hopefully enjoyed it if you want
me to keep making conspiracy theory
videos please give me a thumbs up so I
know and also subscribe to my channel
right now
because I make new videos every single
day and if you want to see all my other
conspiracy theory videos or creepy
videos I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the description bar
as you guys I will see you little
conspiracy theorists tomorrow don't
believe everything you see oh my god oh
my god that tastes like a nickel I can't
explain it put a nickel in your mouth
that's exactly what it tastes like it
tastes like metal this is not this is
like stranger things but you should not
be eating this you're gonna go to a
fucking portal if I'm a tree person is
gonna eat your legs off I'm fucking bar
