guys I just finished a podcast with
Alice little and Crescent kisses they
are what do I call you guys again
courtesans
they have sex with people for money and
they're gonna have sex eat me soon and
we talked about we talked about
squirting we talked about everything and
just kissed a girl and we put condoms on
with our mouths check it out I'll put
the link down there so I'm cloud icon
flashy and friends bye hey what's up you
guys oh my god I have never been this
scared in my life
scared I'm nervous nervous because today
I'm gonna be trying a food that I have
not had since I was a very little kid
well a very big little kid actually I
was never a kid since I was a little 45
year old lesbian woman and that is
Wiener schnitzel I know
fucking horrified now over my YouTube
line I have talked so much shit about
Wiener schnitzel and I know they say all
dogs go to have a bitch I drag those
dogs to hell I even came up with a list
one time of the top three fast food
places people will go right before they
kill themselves and guess what was
number one leader central bitch so I'm
just hoping that this food is so nasty
that I won't feel bad about talking so
much shit about it over my entire life
but if it's good then I'm gonna have to
make an apology video i'ma have to
delete all my videos where I was talking
shit about intercept tool and I'm gonna
own RSVP my invitation to the hashtag
wiener schnitzel is over party it's just
too complicated so here we go I have too
big fill the bags of Wiener schnitzel
and I'm fucking ready also on the back
of the bag it says share our wiener love
I kind of like that I think Wiener sigil
just came out okay I got so many things
I don't even remember what I got all I
know is as I was ordering it I kept
looking after each one and the woman
that was working readers was like I get
it also nobody in there was wearing
gloves and listen I hate condoms so I
understand actually wanting to touch the
leader and having no barrier but what
I'm gonna put that wiener in my mouth
maybe you shouldn't just be touching it
cuz honestly that makes me nervous okay
here we go
let's get right
to it Oh God oh whoa this one she comes
in a box it says taking over the world
one hotdog at a time I disagree unless
that world is my toilet all right here
we go here comes my apology video this
was Bob hold on
get a close-up of that that's good I
don't know what this is I think it's
like a chili dog bacon and extra cheese
and oh fish oh no I really want to heat
this okay but listen bacon fell in my
lap the first time I've had to pick up
my lap I very low standards oh my god oh
fuck okay I just drop a box the dog is
fine oh my god okay hold on get it real
close to the back look at that look at
it dripping oh my god I don't even like
hot dogs but this was bomb okay let's do
this
ready one two three oh my god oh my god
that tastes like a nickel I can't
explain it put a nickel in your mouth
that's exactly what it tastes like it
tastes like metal this is not this is
like stranger things like you should not
be eating this you're gonna go to a
fucking portal fucking tree person is
gonna eat your legs off I'm fuckin barb
this is not good
the presentation is everything I mean
you take a picture with this on
Instagram you have any likes you're
gonna get you're gonna get so many likes
that your life is gonna actually feel
worth something but then the next day
you're gonna take a picture of just your
face and you're gonna get like a quarter
of the like something to remind yourself
that like yeah you don't mean shit
anyways ah
this is gross I hated it it's shitting
out the bottom I don't trust that it was
like sugary and not in a good way god it
looks so good though like look at that
smells good oh and you know what though
okay the actual like presentation is
everything but then when you pull out
this fucking thin ass pencil dick from
all that chili like nah you know I mean
like on a dating app yeah once again low
standards but is my mouth well yeah
still but as food
now next by the way isn't chili dogging
like a term for anal sex if you haven't
cleaned your ass out which by the way
would taste better than that all right
let's see what we got next
whoo what is this little box it'll come
with a four it actually came about five
Forks because I ordered so much food
no just chili dog it myself okay this is
the box and on top it says when in doubt
chili it out I'm sorry but you needed to
take another few minutes in that
boardroom meeting Weiner sizzle like I
feel like somebody threw that out there
and then y'all were like fuckin I just
want to go home check it out it could
have been like Netflix and chili is that
chili or did my ass make a silly what's
the dealy get me some chili I can come
up with them all day all right here we
go mmm once again presentation is
fucking killing it look at that fucking
chili cheese add some motherfucking
fries bitch oh my god oh and the cheese
is like perfectly melted
oh the fries are crispy okay if this
isn't good I'm gonna be really pissed
because I'm rooting for her I feel like
I'm watching Miss America as she just
trips but her bikini is everything she
has stretch marks but that's what makes
her real she is shaving bumps but who
does it she is a wandering Hawkeye but
so do I I just want her to succeed she
won't show lose and should probably say
something racist during her
question-and-answer and she'll probably
come up the sex date but you know what
who doesn't all right here we go I want
to try a mouthful of Miss America uh
here we go oh my god I figured it out
problem is the jelly the chili is so
salty the chili is saltier than my
Twitter feed on Teen Choice Award night
the chili is saltier than the comment
section on my Instagram when I take a
picture showing my legs it's just wrong
like chili is good but this this is not
chili that should be their slogan this
is not chili hi welcome to leaders it so
everything looks good it tastes like ass
my slogan no way
everything looks bad and tastes like ass
yeah that's my slogan cuz let me see let
me try the actual fry and if the fried
taste good then we know the problem is
the chili the problem is all of it
all right next item I'm happy because
honestly if these would have been good
I've been angry so honestly I'm just
living for this negativity I hope you
are too thumbs up if you are
next item let's see if we get to 500,000
negativity thumbs up I just really like
spreading anger and hatred read YouTube
oh god oh god
speaking of anger and hatred this is
something that I've never tried this is
something I've never wanted to try this
is something similar to getting my belly
button pierced that like I don't want to
try and nobody wants to see me try oh my
god oh I want to touch it oh god oh god
oh god it is a fucking dog oh oh I'm not
even nervous right now oh this is giving
me a hashtag Oh dwell forever and that
is not good okay okay guys if you don't
know this I don't know how you wouldn't
relish is my biggest nightmare it's my
biggest fear you know how much I hate
boogers like I'm chill with every other
bodily function you got a poopy ass I
don't care chili dog you had a bloody
ass pimple on your lip I don't give a
fuck let me lick it you had a booger
hanging out your mouth bye we could be
out our wedding day the priest could say
do you Shane take this sad sad person
with no love for themselves and very low
standards to be your awfully wedded
husband and/or wife bisexual girls and I
would look and I'd see a booger coming
out of his or her mouth equality wins
and I would bar for that motherfucker
face and run out the front door oh god
this is making me angry I just realized
how similar hangry sounds to Hank green
that's crazy
anyways okay here we go oh god oh god
okay
I'm actually shaking I don't want to do
this I'm gonna do it okay you wanna know
my first episode you different luck this
is it oh yeah okay alright okay fuck it
fuck it fuck it
but back then oh my god oh my oh my
tooth it's my tooth uh hammer right now
a knockout my fucking tooth ai ai ai ai
ai superwoman ai ai ai boom I hated that
I can't even make a joke about it I
fucking hate in that I don't want to
remember that I don't want to ever think
about that I don't even want to see that
in this video I'm not even gonna watch
this fucking video that whoever came up
with relish I hope they're dead and they
probably are dead cuz relish has been
around since the beginning of fucking
time and nobody's ever liked it it was
like dinosaurs cavewoman and relish and
guess what bitch
everything got extinct except for that
damn relish because the relish is like
no no I'm gonna wait around for millions
of years to fuck up Shane and guess what
relish you succeeded okay
but now it's time to go alright I need
something good I knew something not
relish I need something not chilli I
need something Oh like this oh I've
never been more excited to see a corndog
in my life
corn dogs are the shit this is gonna be
great I don't care if it's corn Walker
Weiner said so I don't care if it's a
frozen corn dog whatever it is bitch
it's gonna oh fuck them a camera a
little bit hold on
oh this relish online that kids are we
up there that's even worse oh you know
what I looked much better when I was
covered in grease okay here we go
I'm going to try a corndog and it better
be great or at least like not awful
this is great this is amazing they
should just do this like stick to the
one thing you're good at you know I mean
this is wonderful I love this she smells
good
she tastes good once again the Weiner
little thin and there's a lot of space
between the Weiner and the actual corn
dog but like honestly I'm all about
pencil dicks I feel like everybody's
dick is beautiful unless it's covered in
chili shit's fine
Shelly no all right we got Lou I don't
even know they add cheeseburgers I feel
like this might be okay I feel like it's
hard to fuck up a cheeseburger
I feel like this y'all just had up a
chili that didn't you obviously didn't
hear my rant Wienerschnitzel why oh the
button feels good though it's very wet
all right I'm gonna just get in I'm not
gonna kick your teen away I'm gonna say
they popped out next what the fuck is
this this is special I love that um hi
who's old fucking stupid ant made this
fucking it relative who has no idea how
to cook said oh you know what let me
give this big-ass nasty bread and nuts
in it and slice the damn hot dog in half
this is some shit you would have if like
your parents died and then you're
shipped off to like some random
relative's house that maybe never cook
they've never had kids they don't know
anything I know like um I got a little
hot dog sandwich that's what this is
this is the raising Helen of food and
you know what raising Helen got a wrong
tomato and you know what this kids my
rotten ass all right let's just bite
into that come on you're not even trying
anymore Wienerschnitzel
you're not even try t and I here we go
sorry I'm Scott that take out that
nasty-ass fucking pickle in the middle
of my day nobody wants that okay here we
go no who ordered this who the fuck
would order this no I have two things
left and I swear to God if one of them
is good no I asked for PO
because I thought they were just gonna
be little taters and now they're fucking
covered and fucking chilly again you
know what I'm just gonna go for the
bottom where there's not as much chili
and I'm gonna give her a try that's
great this with corn dogs
that's all they should do but then they
start fucking throwing chili on
everything cuz they think that got there
faint that's not your thing don't let
that be your thing think outside the box
wieners and so don't let that control
you don't be afraid to be different
leaders it's all you know what I'm
rooting for you again I feel like you're
in a slump well an entire like 20 years
slump like however long you've been
around it's what your slump has been but
you can get out of them just stop making
chili become famous for something else
or keep making chili
but then market yourself as like food if
you need to throw up you know I mean
like maybe you ate poison maybe you took
too many pills like oh no I need to
throw all this up get me a chili dog
maybe that could be your thing if making
good food isn't ooh
last thing all right I'm actually
excited about this because I feel like
nobody can fuck up a milkshake this is a
milkshake but it's also a tasty freeze
which I've never had and I guess that's
like a fancy fuckin popular kind of
shake out all I know is I'm ready for my
palate to be cleansed or burned off
literally rip out my tongue and kill it
here we go oh my god this is everything
cycle Michelle Branch wrote that hit
song in 2001 you love everything to me
with everything that's not the song is
it you want every one to me what the
fuck was that song oh noes
you are everywhere to me when I go smash
is that's what it was that song is about
Jesus by the way little known fact okay
this is everything it's really good you
can see the fuckin chocolaty goodness
this is killing it you know what maybe
if I did a mere dog in this you know
help another night poor dog Oh bitch
we're getting crated oh my god here we
go
Oh oh my god it's like a battering her
out of yeah
here we go that is so good ha where's
the ball this is your thing this is it
this is it maybe I'll be reluctant
spokesperson weird I'll be her spokesman
ER doctor they'll call me did it break
pack foot it was good until I got like
the littlest weirdest chunk of a hot dog
when the dough is all wrapped up in it
it's great would you get that little
fleshy the hotdog Chuck it's over where
you guys go what was that this just put
me through puberty yet again that's how
terrifying it was all right guys ago the
heavens meet your agony nurse it's all
thank God it was gross now I don't feel
bad for making fun of her but listen
once again if you love leaders until I
hope this doesn't offend you I don't
need all the leader army to come at me
on Twitter like do you if you love
wieners and love wieners if you love
buns then love buns if you love both by
hubbub thank you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and subscribe to the
channel right below because I make new
videos every fucking day and if you want
to see more videos of me eating fast
food or weird food or more wieners I'll
put a link to a playlist at the top of
the description below all right you guys
I will see you a little hot dogs - mom
hey you know how I feel about pickles
and if you don't remember I'll remind
you yeah that noise was incredible and I
like somebody to turn it into a trap
