heads up guys my name is s Reid welcome
back to you what the fuck buy from a dad
having sex with his own adoptive
daughter to a children's TV show house
masturbating in a theater for this let's
recap top 5 of the worst celebrity
scandals of all time so coming in at
number 1 is Woody Allen in 1991 film
director Woody Allen was in the middle
of a 12-year relationship with actress
Mia Farrow when Farrow discovered nude
photographs of their own adoptive
daughter soon-yi on allen's computer
howland admitted shortly after the
discovery that he'd been in a sexual
relationship with her for some time fara
broke up with him shortly after she was
rightfully disgusted that he would do
such a thing to a woman a third his own
age but despite the scandal Woody Allen
and soon-yi are still together to this
day with Allen's only comment on the
matter being the heart wants what the
heart wants
well for me the heart wants to drink a
bottle of bleach because that story was
disgusting number two Paul Reubens in
the late 1980s Reubens started a popular
children's TV show called pee-wee's
Playhouse as the host named pee-wee
Herman we also played in several movies
including the 1985 Tim Burton movie
pee-wee's big adventure know you are but
what am i her an idiot I know you are
what am i I know you are but what am i
sadly this all came to an end when
Reubens was caught masturbating in an
adult theater and exposing his penis in
the lobby of the theater there's also
claims that Reubens may have ejaculated
on someone's hair in front of him during
the movie but it couldn't be confirmed
in courts okay I might be the only one
thinking this but isn't the point of
going to a porn theater to you know
choke this semen demon tickle the
one-eyed snake but is it not cool to do
that I mean I don't know I don't go to
those things often but I'm pretty sure
people don't go to porn theaters because
they care about the plot of an x-rated
movie like I don't know I don't think
anal smash master 3 was as good as
number 2 it was a pretty bad plot just
like this though he's been returning to
the world of acting playing any TV show
Gotham as well as reprising his role as
peewee in the 2016 Netflix movie
pee-wee's big holiday at number 3 on the
list we have Arnold Schwarzenegger get
to the choppa god dammit yeah how's my
Arnold Schwarzenegger impression I think
it's pretty spot-on most notably known
for a
in Terminator predator and the awesome
awesome Christmas movie jingle all the
way my girlfriend actually said she
liked the movie jingle all the way so
needless to say she's now single just
kidding Lina's the spot on this list
after it was discovered that during his
term as the Governor of California he
slept with his own housekeeper and even
fathered a child with her while still
married to his wife
I've asked Arnold to comment on his
scandal and all he had to say was really
really really good stuff number 4
Michael Richards during the 1990s
comedian Michael Richards rose to fame
from playing the character Kramer in the
TV sitcom Seinfeld now somebody wants to
help themselves to an eyeful we say
enjoy the show
unfortunately Michael fell from the
graces of the public spotlight after a
stand-up comedy show he did at the Laugh
Factory in 2006 were several hecklers in
the audience caused him to lose his mind
and shout racist hateful comments oh my
god despite apologizing several times
for what he did a lot of his sponsors
dropped him and his career never really
picked back up the last on the list is
Bill Cosby whether you know him for
spouting nonsensical gibberish on The
Cosby Show or for being a fence painting
mentor on Fat Albert is Bill Cosby
coming at you with music and fun and if
you're not careful you may learn
something before it's done chances are
you've heard of him at one point or
another for his comedic skills
unfortunately though for Bill at 2014
several women began coming out and
accusing him of sexual assault rape
sexual battery as well as child sex
abuse starting in 1965 all the way
through 2008 while Cosby maintains that
none of the allegations are true more
than 50 women have come out against him
in fact the only thing that Bill Cosby
ever admitted to was using the drug
quaaludes for recreational sex in the
1970s when it was illegal was the old
the old story was if you took a little
drop ultra Cola that matter it doesn't
make it to end a girl with drink it and
she's oh hello America
good lord good question you're in the
matrix and you
the red or the blue pill which one do
you choose none if the guys bill cosby's
thanks I'll be here all week hey you
remember that date you went on last
night no neither do Bill Cosby's victims
oh my god that was awful what does Bill
Cosby in Santa have in common they both
don't we come when you're asleep you
have a favorite Disney Princess my
personally Meredith but we all know that
Bill Cosby's is Sleeping Beauty yeah
honestly I really don't know what to
think about this one like a few women
coming out for media attention maybe I
mean it's super fucked up maybe but 50
yeah you might need more than some
roofies and some pudding pop to get out
of this one man that is it for this
episode of what the fuck five hopefully
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
the channel as there will be more every
Saturday also if you'd like to see more
of me make sure to subscribe to my
channel youtube.com slash cat Nesta they
actually just passed a million
subscribers on my channel so thank you
guys so much for coming on over there
and you know watching and subscribing
and all that stuff you guys are fucking
amazing also make sure to check out my
newest video which is a what the fuck
news so if you guys are a fan of that
show make sure to check out that video
over on my channel but that's it guys I
will see you next time for another one
the fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
