guys this is a fucking emergency I am
NOT showered it is 1:00 in the morning
I'm wearing my three extra-large oh I
just broke my back one more time I'm
wearing my three extra-large Britney
Spears give me more shirt that means
this is not a planned video I was not
expecting to make this I was expecting
to eat three cards of low-fat ice cream
watch Big Brother live feeds until 3
a.m. and jerk off twice but instead Here
I am and that is because I just found
out about something that I can't even
wrap my brain around last month we had
the Macan Cheetos and we all remember
how that went
what wait what is that macaroni and
cheese what is that what kind of
macaroni and cheese is that by the way
Burger King does even have a chrony
cheese where did they get this and just
when you thought it couldn't get any
worse guess what it gets worse in
bookstores now because Burger King went
and did something they went and burned
something that should have been burned
when they found out they had this inside
of their stomach they should have went
to their parents and said alright burger
Queen I don't know who's like the mama
and daddy of the King burger royal
family
I'm currently pregnant with something
called the waka Rito basically if you
don't know what it is is a burrito but
instead of Hino beans and cheese and
normal burrito shit it's a fucking
crumbled up burger and not even a good
burger it's a whopper like not a Big Mac
not a jumbo jack something nobody wants
something nobody's ever been like him
you know what fuck with a walker right
now I've never heard that granted I've
never heard anybody say they like Burger
King in general like my mom used to turn
around in the car when me my brother
were fighting and to make us stop
fighting she go if you don't stop fine I
swear to god we're gonna purr okay and
then after that we'll go to Wiener
schnitzel for dessert yeah we shut the
fuck up after that what's that talking
about I don't know it had something to
do with burger game being pregnant with
a burrito and he went to the king I
don't remember all I'm saying is this
needs to die it's very heavy
it smells like wrong and on the back it
said you can have it your way which
means I don't have to have it I could
not eat it but because I know
you guys love to watch me eat some
fucked up shit and I do love eating it
too I'm gonna do this for you all right
here we go going in oh my god is so
heavy also I don't like the idea of
getting a ketchup happy with my burrito
that's a fucked up shit and I put
ketchup on my salad and nobody does that
okay let's open this up I'm very nervous
okay okay look stepping all over each up
well it looks like a very square burrito
there's a little uh little pizza oh my
god what is that oh my god yeah like I'm
sure it's some kind of onion or
something but it looks like when
somebody gets a dry crusty ass booger on
the inside of their nostril and like
you're too afraid to tell them like hey
pull that out or I'm going to throw up
and then it just stays there and then
everytime they breathe and it goes if it
moves and then they breathe out it was
oh my god and when they finally get it
off it like scrapes like it looks good
oh that's what this looks like this is
not a good way to start my Walker read
Omo man all right but I'm not gonna
judge it on that all right here we go
I don't even want to open it up because
I want to be surprised actually no we
gotta open this up that's what we do
here on YouTube have flash a week galaxy
we talk about dead people and we open up
food that's called variety side note I'm
also aware like a lot of comments they
shamed it's so weird your voice and
everything changes when you do one of
your conspiracy videos or your death
videos I don't know how to change that
like I become a different person like
who's this first of all who is this
conspiracy Shane would never wear this I
turn into like hey guys I don't know
about you but I love talking about blood
and death and just all things creepy and
then Here I am sitting like hey guys I
got a whopper ego of a pretty shirt
mogul
I don't know I'm confused too let's see
all right so let's open this up one two
three what first of all she got her hand
out she's grabbing for me this is some
mom
shit you remember that movie yeah that's
this also it's a look though it's
falling out oh my god
Oh something I do not want to see my
burrito just a fucking pickle just a
pickle hanging out of it
no you know how I feel about pickles and
if you don't remember I'll remind you
yeah that noise was incredible and I'd
like somebody to turn it into a trap e
all right here we go I'm about to bite
into this it smells good
fuck damn it they did this to me - with
the Macan Cheetos I didn't want to like
it
I did oh my god if I like this I'm gonna
question everything just like I do in my
conspiracy theory videos see I can't
even do the voice who the fuck is up
alright here we go one two great
reflector oh-ho
how did I catch up I feel like they put
this in here for a reason and maybe that
just changes the game all right let me
try this
I don't like it okay let me let me break
it down it's not like really bad it just
makes no sense and I don't want it like
it just feels like they ran out of bonds
and they were like oh fuck what you got
to do a lotta we had 14 is I don't know
use them like it doesn't feel right like
I don't know why anybody would want the
texture of a burger it's sign of a
burrito there's no like cheese or sauce
or anything it's literally just burger
me ah that tasted better than this I
don't know then you got the pickle I
mean you got some old old tomato like
who is she who is she literally what the
fuck is that nobody wants her nobody's
asking for her I just don't understand
it wait okay let's open it up so it has
burger oh there is sauce I hope that's
either sauce or the burrito is crying
which is the possibility because it is
very sad can you look at that like I
don't care how drunk I get which is very
especially when I'm wearing this shirt
but this would never be good I don't
care if I have been eaten in ways that
would never happen but if it did it
won't I'm well I know I know I'd fuck
this up I would fucking destroy this I
would eat this in one bite maybe I do
like it honestly if it's edible it's
incredible like my standards are pretty
low so I love it no I did not like this
um I'm gonna pass on the Walker eat oh
no thank you
I will pass on that hashtag spots and I
really hope the burger Queen gives the
Burger King another chance
because like this is some shit but you
should lose his rake I'm just gonna say
it
Burger King nice get headed now I feel
like sometimes when I do these food
videos you guys are like I can't really
see the food chain it's too bright stoop
confusing it's not focused so I feel
like I'm gonna switch it up let me give
you I'm gonna do like an unwrapping of
this burrito for you cuz that's how much
I fucking love you and I might also be
fairly drunk right now I told you I'm
wearing the shirt that's half empty it's
been a fucking night all right here she
is by the way that is just a little bit
of throw-up cuz I had to spit it out to
the bag but you know just ignore that
little bit of puke okay so the Whopper a
dough made with 100% real beef bullshit
just open that up
eh Oh Justin fat look confusing suck to
the paper
huh oh there she is okay now let's just
slap her around a little bit get all the
meats moving in there okay put this to
the side we're gonna want this for later
you know just to drown out the gross
taste of this okay you know what let's
grab a knife okay I don't have one so
whatever the fuck this is is just gonna
have to do I literally have no fucking
idea what this is
it might be for toenails I don't know
okay here we go just slice into that
okay I fucked it up hi I'm Shane I don't
know how to cut into a fucking burrito
I'm an idiot okay now let's just look
inside of that you know what this one
looks a little bit better looks a little
bit more juicy squeeze it oh yeah a food
porn for you guys you like that no you
don't that's no no that's like real porn
the closer you get the grosser it gets
let's just keep that cumshot way over
here nope don't do men huh huh okay
let's just open up the Quecha then we're
just going to squirt it on there doesn't
that look delicious
oops cut a little bit on the table let
me just scoop that up all right perfect
um oh and that's what I call fuckin
gross me take a bite thanks papa reto
you've been great alright guys go that
was me trying to walk burrito I'm gonna
be honest I don't know what the fuck
this video was I don't even remember
what I said I'm fucking out of it it's
late hopefully you enjoy whatever the
fuck it was and make sure to give this
video a thumbs up because bono fuck it
and subscribe to my channel right down
below cuz I make new videos every single
day and if you want to see more videos
of me trying weird foods and trying to
Burger King Mac and Cheetos I'll put a
link right at the top the description
below as you guys I will see you little
Walker Ito's ha
now this next thing I heard honestly
creeped me the fuck out I could not stop
visualizing it so of course I'll share
with you guys if a plane crashes and the
impact is hard enough your body because
it's made up of 70% water will explode
