hey what's up you guys yes today is
another one of our darker videos and we
are going to be talking about plane
crashes now because of my book tour I've
been on a lot of planes lately and
flying is probably one of my biggest
fears I mean can you blame me the
thought of being cramped into this
fucking metal object in the sky hurtling
through the clouds at any moment it
could just explode and come crashing to
the ground and what are the chances of
surviving that probably zero well that
led me down a really dark hole on the
internet where I started looking up
facts about plane crashes videos of
planes crashing I even watched an entire
documentary called how to survive a
plane crash which by the way it was
great it's on YouTube this is not
sponsored it's really fucking cool I'll
put the link down in the description if
you want to check it out and I learned a
lot of stuff so today I'm going to break
down what I learned of plane crashes
first we're going to be talking about
the emergency door so if you've ever
been on a plane and you've been looking
around you've probably noticed that on
each side there are two emergency doors
and what I always noticed was wow those
look kind of easy to open it's just one
latch like what would happen if somebody
just decided to open it well a few
things would happen and none of them
good now somebody were to open up that
door during the flight they would be
sucked out of the plane pretty much
everyone's sitting in that area
and if you're not sucked out of the
plane you're probably not going to
survive because the air that would fill
the plane would be freezing cold because
of the altitude you would practically
turned up ice and then the hole where
the door was would start to get bigger
and bigger and bigger and eventually the
entire plane would just break apart so
if you're on a plane you're thinking
about trying to unlatch that emergency
door fucking don't the second thing I
learned is that planes usually don't
crash while they're like mid-flight if a
plane is going to crash it's usually
going to happen the first three minutes
during the takeoff or the last eight
minutes before it lands supposedly 80%
of plane crashes happen during those 11
minutes and some of the deadliest plane
crashes in history have happened on tape
here's a video clip I found if a plane
crashing before even really took off
check
now this next thing I heard honestly
creeped me the fuck out I could not stop
visualizing it so of course I'll share
with you guys if a plane crashes and the
impact is hard enough your body because
it's made up of 70% water will explode
now I don't even know what that means or
how to visualize that other than just a
water balloon exploding I mean I've
never seen an actual real video clip of
something exploding I've only seen in
the movies but it's still fucking
terrifying
now have you ever noticed that when
you're taking off or you're landing they
turn all the lights in the plane off and
usually the windows are on rolled so you
can see outside well the reason they do
that isn't so that you'll fall asleep or
so that you'll feel comfortable the
reason they do that is because they want
your eyes to adjust to the natural
lighting outside that way if the plane
crashes while it's taking off or landing
your eyes will already be adjusted to
the natural lighting outside so when you
get to the exit door it doesn't like
blind you oh and those lights that go
all the way across the floor are not to
help you find the bathroom or to help
you find your seat it's because when the
plane crashes it fills completely with
smoke and those lights are the only
thing you'll be able to see and that's
how you're going to guide your way to
the exit door but that leads us to the
next thing I learned which is about fire
and smoke and it is fucked up now
surprisingly a lot of people survived
the actual crash of the plane but what
they usually don't survive is the fire
that happens when the plane is on the
ground so when the plane crashes you
have 90 seconds to get the fuck out you
are dead in 90 seconds the entire plane
will fill with black thick smoke and
breathing that in for even just a few
minutes will kill you there's been
stories of planes crashing where
everybody survived the crash and then
only like 20 people got out of the plane
from the smoke and that's because once
they open those emergency doors people
just stampede and they crush each other
and they just like completely turn it
into chaos and because of that the 90
seconds feels real fast and then
everybody's dead this next thing I
learned scared the shit out of me and
it's about the pilots so there is a
survey done and around 50% of pilots
admitted to falling asleep while they
were flying the plane but we shouldn't
be worried right because there's always
two pilots flying the plane well a third
of those pilots that were surveyed
admitted that one
woke up from their sleep they looked
over and the other pilot was asleep -
now I know plans can kind of fly
themselves which are up in the air so
it's not something to be super scared of
I don't know call me crazy kind of
freaks me have to think about a pilot
being asleep when you're in the blade
holy fuck
now I learned another fact about life
jackets we talked about this before in a
conspiracy theory video where basically
the whole point of a life jacket isn't
so that you'll be floating in water so
you can swim home isn't so that you'll
be floating in the water so you can wait
for the rescue boat no no usually the
water is so cold they freeze to death
anyways the point of the lifejacket is
so that your body is floating on the
surface of the water so that when they
come to find your dead body they can get
it easily well then another thing about
life jackets supposedly they're bright
yellow for the same reason because if
there's a crash and there's a bunch of
bodies in the water or bodies and trees
and just bodies everywhere if your dead
body has that bright yellow lifejacket
on they can easily see you now this next
thing I learned isn't really about
flying in like a normal plane it's more
about the Air Force but basically when
you're in the Air Force they take
footprints of you and supposedly the
reason for that is because one of those
small Air Force planes crashes the only
thing left of the soldier is the foot in
his boot Oh
oh my god oh fuck that one really gives
me chills I also learned a few things
about seat belts now one of them is
exciting supposedly if you have one of
those thick seat belts that means
there's an air bag inside of it which
means it will actually explode on impact
and hopefully protect you and that's
great that will keep you from smashing
your head against to see in front of you
that will keep you from like flailing
your limbs around if you're on a plane
and you notice that your seat belt is
really thick and extra big you should be
very grateful but then you have the
other seat belts which are pretty
standard and normal and they only go
across your waist well one thing that's
scary about that then some plane crashes
it has been shown that some
people get chopped in half leather seat
belt if the impact is strong enough the
person could fly forward disconnect from
their own body but if the impact is
strong enough anyways everybody's going
to die so whether you have a seat belt
on or not you're still going to be
fucking dead which is the thought of
that is just terrifying okay so on a
plus side now we are going to talk about
ways that you can survive a plane crash
now I watch that documentary I looked up
a lot of different lists and facts and a
lot of different videos and I compiled
together some of the tips that I think
are the most useful number one book the
seat that is within five rows of the
exit door that way you'll be able to get
out hopefully within that first 90
seconds you're sitting in the very back
of the plane or even in first-class at
the very front chances are you're not
going to be number two as you're
entering the plane make sure to touch
each seat that you walk past and count
how many seats you are from the exo that
way if the plane is filled with smoke
and you have to get out you can touch
the seats and count and remember how
close you are to the exit instead of
just running around frantically number
three supposedly one of the safest
positions that you can take if the plane
is crashing is to put your head in
between your knees and hug your legs
that way you're protecting your head
from the seat in front of you you're
protecting your arms from flying around
and breaking and you're protecting your
neck from snapping number four if the
plane is taking off or if the plane is
landing take out your headphones don't
fall asleep don't drink you want to be
completely aware of your surroundings in
case the plane crashes some people have
died because they've been too drunk or
they were asleep and they miss that 90
second window to get out number five if
the plane crashes and you're trying to
get out leave your shit behind so many
people have died because people are
wasting that 90 seconds like trying to
get their shit I don't care what's in
that bag of yours it's not that
important and just think if you did grab
your bag and then you exited that plane
somebody probably died because you took
the time to grab that bag I don't know
it doesn't say more of it number six
whenever they tell you to put on that
oxygen mask first before you help
anybody else fucking listen to that the
reason they tell you that is because if
you don't put on that mask within 15
seconds you'll be passed out so think
about it this way if you put the mask on
your baby first
you'll probably be passed out by the
time you
your own mask and then your baby is
sitting there fucked because you're
passed out and the plane crashes and you
can't get the baby out so put on your
mask first
now this last tip is for a very extreme
circumstance and that's if your plane
explodes and you are now hurling toward
the ground
supposedly they say do not aim for water
like hitting water from that high up is
basically like hitting the ground they
say that the best position to do is to
put your arms out and your legs out like
you're skydiving and try to land flat
that way as you're falling your body is
kind of going against the wind so you're
going a little slower if you curl up
into a ball you're just going to roll
toward the ground like a fucking bullet
and then if you do land like this you
will probably have every bone broken and
just really fucked up but that position
does give you slightly more of a chance
of surviving so there you guys go that
is the things I learned about plane
crashes that really creeped me out but
also made me feel better because there
is ways to survive I always thought if I
was in a plane and a strength to go down
that would be it but supposedly 95% of
people actually survived plane crashes
which is fucking awesome and also
traveling in a plane is like a bajillion
times safer than traveling in a car cars
crash all the time every single day
thousands of them when you think about
it how many planes really crash how
often do you really hear about some big
epic plane crash not that often
hopefully this video didn't just creep
you out
hopefully it made you feel a little bit
better about flying but also I hope it
create job a little bit because well I
like to creep you out I like to creep
myself out too all right you guys
hopefully you enjoyed that video make
sure to give me a thumbs up if you want
more videos like this and also make sure
to subscribe to my channel right down
there because I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see more
videos like this where I talk about
death their creepy shit
I'll put a link to a playlist or at the
top of the description below all right
you guys I will see you tomorrow
fly safe bye alright here we go we are
going to plug in right now what did I
fuckin say what I think none of that
works why do I keep falling for your
ticker
