heads of you guys yes it is time for me
to try out more dumb life hacks why
because I'm dumb and my life needs to be
hacked so does my hair and my everything
but today is not about all my problems
it's about all my solutions which leads
us to our first half which is crayons
are flammable okay first of all who
thought of this second of all who uses
crayons anymore we have computers like
crayons your fucking irrelevant flops
and you need to leave Wow
never realized how much meaning crayons
have in common okay so I guess the point
of this is that if like you're in the
middle of the woods and you don't have
any wood that makes me no sense whatever
if you run out of shit to light on fire
you got crayons you know I used to play
with crayons when I was a kid not like
coloring that was too much for me I
would like make them little people and
then I'd be like hey James want to hang
out oh oh I would but like my mom says I
can't really hang out with you
really that's weird Wyatt I don't know
she said I had something to do with like
children of abuse and how they tend to
take it out on other kids in the
neighborhood and have some deadly turn
into serial killers oh okay yeah yeah by
shame all right let's let these
motherfuckers on fire so I guess we'll
just start with one stitch in all right
so here we go oh my god what was that
about children of Abby's gym I don't
remember oh my god is it on fire
if biking dripped on melting wax on my
leg why did I think that wouldn't happen
okay all right I need to put something
on my lap you go as Jim was right
all right let's zoom in a little bit I
think instead what I'm gonna do is let
use this plate as like a melting wax
catcher you know instead of my actual
body okay so here we go oh wow okay
they're not flaming they're literally
just melting very fast
oh wait wait you see that I swear to god
there's a flame okay you can't really
see it now I'm gonna put it next to the
other crayons wait hold on there was a
flame for a second guys I'm gonna like
them all oh my god there's something
very sad about this they're just like
hanging out with all their friends and
then ah okay
oh come on guys oh my god it's on fire
look do you see it you see that over
there is on fire
oh my god it's fucking working I did one
thing right my entire life this is a big
deal okay it stopped now what the fuck
although this is like a really cool like
art project look what you can do you can
like just like make things out of melted
crayons oh the flame came back and it
burnt my hand wait what is happening to
flame this back it keeps leaving and
then coming back and then what are you
dad
wait look oh my god this is amazing it's
working it's on fire oh it's really on
fire now okay now let's try to like like
the other cramps with it okay all right
hold this one of the two do you see it
and it's parting lit I'll stop okay
well I can't really get it any better
than this so that's all you get hack
successful okay now I need to figure out
how to make this stop catching fire hold
please okay next hack this one I'm
actually excited about because it looks
very scientific and you know me I'm a
fucking scientist as a scientist
sorry I meant water-buffalo anyways so
what we're gonna do is make a speaker
out of the toilet paper roll or with a
paper towel roll can you imagine I've
got a big hole I do do you guys ever
have that reoccurring nightmare where
you're taking a shit of your friend's
house and then you're wiping your ass
but it's taking forever and you're using
so much toilet paper and then you clog
up the toilet and you don't know what to
do so they start taking the toilet paper
with poop on it
and throwing the trash can but then that
starts to snow so they try to like take
all the toilet paper out of the trash
can and shut down the sink drain but
then that clogs and now you're just in
the bathroom covered up with water
everywhere
your friends knock me on the door Shane
are you okay and you're covered in your
own shit going yeah totally
I and then your friend goes this is why
mom didn't want me to invite him over
yeah I have the dream a lot let's make a
speaker so first things first you're
gonna cut a hole into this the size of a
phone oh sorry
got a little scared that I was gonna
chop my finger off but I'm okay right
think that's big enough from my phone
perfect oh my God look at me am i a
fucking hat Queen I think I am okay and
then we are going to cut holes into the
cuffs so that you can put this inside of
it oh this is very scary
ah we're okay okay let's try that again
without screaming like little fish okay
and then you just put this inside it
yeah
not easy at all okay so that's one side
what do people just buy speakers even if
you can't afford speakers I feel like
the therapy you would need after you
actually use this in public would be
more expensive oh my god and here's our
speaker let's see how it works okay so
what song should I play what's something
I really want to be louder god Ricky
Dillon
don't Ricky Dillon and Trevor Moran I
can't have that loud enough okay so
that's what it sounds like normally
here's what something speaker
that's fuckin workin ignore the fact
that in other words and then look you
just put it over here and then you could
just have the sadist party ever take
this out you feel the show want to come
to my party
no Knicks hat okay so this next hack is
the stupidest hack I think I've ever
seen but I just really wanted to try it
because it made me laughter really hard
and it's kind of useful like if you're
like an airport or somewhere in public
and you don't want people to see what
you're doing on your computer and that
is the sweater privacy cover for your
laptop so basically how this works is
really complicated to take a sweater
like this one I like a lot of dark
colors because they make me look thinner
they don't it's all a mental game and
then you take your laptop like this one
I like a really small light laptop so I
can just set that right on my chest
while I'm masturbating to really creepy
videos usually involving paying girls to
fart yeah it gets creepy so if you don't
want people to see the part finished
videos for watching you just take your
laptop you take your sweater
you put the bottom part of your sweater
over your laptop like this so now it's
completely covered and then you just
really subtly put your whole fucking
head inside of it and now nobody can see
how sad you are I mean I love this I
know it's stupid but honestly this is
everything like it gives you shade it
makes the screen more clear I could just
like lay down and have it just like that
oh oh oh I need a hair hack no that's
the stupidest thing I've ever seen but
the picture made me laugh so hard and I
was like I want to do it
I'm actually going to use that next hack
ooh I've always wanted to try this one
because it looks so gross so basically
this is a hat two separate egg whites
from egg yolks why you want to do that I
don't fucking know I'm not a baker I'm
not a farmer I'm barely even a person
I'm not a man I'm not even a person I
don't really know why yeah maybe I'm
trash no I'm trash all right let's break
the egg so first you break an egg into a
little plate like this I have no
strength it won't do
okay so then you just do Rosanna pansino
if you're watching this turn your head
I don't want you to see you like this
freely if you're watching this you're
welcome for your next video idea okay
and then oh the plop of it all I am NOT
an eggs fan like aids in stuff maybe but
like who like why but can you just see
and you just just look at that just like
who like good ha ha ha like why I don't
know who ever saw an egg it was like I'm
fucked at up you know what we should eat
these every day you know what you know
in the morning when you don't want to
wake up and you fucking hate your life
don't go to work you don't wanna do
anything like you know that's how much
cavewoman like when you don't want to go
find that will derbies and you don't
want to like make that fire but like
what if the perfect way to start the day
was to eat something that kind of looks
like it shot out of your nose mixed with
what looks like the calm of a dead
person that'll be a great way to start
the day right let's make that a thing
breakfast that's a good name
yeah that cavewoman needed to be killed
well she's already dead to camp women
people exist is that a myth God
dinosaurs Britney Spears who know the
answers all right so here we go so what
we're gonna do is take a bottle and then
you squeeze and then you put it near the
yolk and then I guess you just squeeze
inward yep that worked all right let's
try it again oh wait oh my god
whoa whoa that was awesome let me do it
again okay oh wait fuck this yo bro
let's see if even though this you're
broke if we could still get go no fuck
wait and then fuck yeah fucked it up I
succeeded once I should just let myself
have that alright next hack okay so this
one I've always seen on like BuzzFeed
and Facebook and in a little ad in the
corner of my part videos now this is
making a grilled cheese sandwich using
an iron I've never used one of these in
my life I don't even know what it does
the only time I've ever used it was like
when I was doing little sketches with my
mom and I'd be like Hello well then I go
ah yeah she never talked that was funny
actually nobody ever thought I was funny
when I was a kid the only time people
ever laughed
was when I jumped inside of a bouncy
castle and then the whole thing deflated
yeah that got the crowd rolling
probably cuz I thought I was dead let's
make a grilled cheese okay so we have
the sandwich and now I just need to plug
this in I don't really know like if
there's a setting on it like like really
extra wrinkly my balls that would be the
most wrinkly so I guess I'm just gonna
like let this heat up okay there we go
so that's heating up and while we're
waiting for that let's try another pack
now I have tried this hack in every
video and it never fucking works and you
guys keep telling me no no no Shane you
did wrong noticing you have to use this
and use this and use this I'm gonna do
this one last fucking time
we're going to try to charge my iPhone
with an ice-cream cone in my work you
guys told me this will work I don't know
why I'm kind of believing this one maybe
because Mill has like enzymes in it I
just oh sorry stripping out the sac oh
my god okay so okay let's give it a try
and this is the last fucking time by the
way somebody I want to comment for
trying to kill me no no Shane what
you're supposed to do is plug the banana
into the phone and then also take the
plug and put it into water you're trying
to electrocute me I know that
funny for a video to see my ass lit on
fire but do you really want me dead
don't answer that alright here we go we
are going to plug in right now what did
I fucking say what I think none of it
works why do I keep falling for your
trickery
you knew this when you work you just
want to see if I was stupid enough to
try you were right at least I have ice
cream though okay that should be ready
so let's make a grilled cheese sandwich
with an iron can someone put that on my
grave Thanks so here we go I think it's
hot wait is it set us on all right let's
try is anything happening good
what the fuck I turn it all the way I
know this will work that's all the seat
by the way BuzzFeed I saw you stealing
my rainbow macaroni and cheese don't ok
teaming up finally I'm so sad that I
don't have to work a fucking iron I made
speakers out of a toilet paper roll and
cups and I can't fucking work and hire
oh wait it's working it's working it's
working I smell it oh oh oh wait shit
the red stuff the red stuff there's a
fire
wait it's browning do you see that she's
bouncing pass fucking work bitch oh my
god do you see it smoking
it's fucking smoking whoa once again the
breath it is okay it's cooking oh my god
this is working flip her over
okay maybe if you just like to work
around like
my god fucking working guys I mean is it
easier than just using the toaster in
home but like is it more fun no not
really but it's working look all that
fucking butters just leave that on there
for a minute are you guys doing you good
good I'm glad
oh shit oh no oh no I would never use
this anyways alright I think it's done
and now it's time for the pull-apart
test will it be melted let's see nope ok
so basically you just crushed up the
outside and then left the inside
completely not melted or gooey or
anything and it failed you want that
ground BuzzFeed boy are you guys how
that was gonna be trying a bunch of
stupid fucking hacks if you have any
other hack ideas please leave me some
comments down below do not tell me to
charge my phone with my own ass okay
I've already thought and it doesn't work
also make sure to get this video thumbs
up if you want more dumb hack videos and
make sure to subscribe to my channel
right down below cuz I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
my other dumb life hack and beauty hack
videos I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top of the description
below I had you guys I will see you
little hacks tomorrow alright here we go
I'm going to talk about it you guys have
wanted me to talk about this let's
fucking do it and that's the theory
Larry style sense
