hey what's up you guys so today is going
to be a lot so about a month ago I
started a series on this channel where I
wanted to confront people from my past
and kind of talk about what went wrong
and build those relationships back up
again but the one I always thought would
never ever happen but I wanted to happen
but literally was not even a possibility
in my head was my dad but I reached out
to him and I asked him if it's something
he would want to do and he said yes my
heart is already about to explode okay
here's the thing if you have been
watching my videos for a while then you
know about my history with my dad so I
did not have a good childhood it was
pretty rough and when I was about nine
my mom and dad split up and my dad moved
out and from that point on it was pretty
much just me and my brothers and my mom
so I never really did have like a father
figure in my life and that divorce was
really hard it kind of made me eat a lot
I got really big and definitely got
depressed but because of that I got
creative and I kind of put all my energy
into making videos and writing and all
those things and then now I'm here so it
worked out and when you look back at my
videos I mean my issues are so clear I
mean this is just an example this is
from 2008 and this is a video I did
where I saw a kid that didn't have a dad
so I offered to play ball with him hey
how about after I get up at work I'll
come by your house we'll play ball all
right
yeah alright see you later okay well
then later in the video I forgot to play
ball with the kid and because I forgot
the kid killed himself which is so
dramatic I'm getting emotional and I'm
on my period so I didn't get bail I'm
optional take me back but then of course
I go back in time and I play ball with
the kid
and we live happily ever after
Hey Rock won't play ball or something
all right let's go
let's go well then in 2009 I did a video
called happy fatherless day which was
supposed to be for kids who didn't have
dads happy Father's Day but what if he
won't have a father I don't know about
you guys but my dad wasn't around so my
mom had to take on both roles and then
of course later on in that video I
started crying about it so I guess the
whole point of this video is if you have
a dad
make him know that you appreciate him
and if you don't have a dad to thank
whoever raised you
because for me oh my god I'm crying on a
youtube video this is so lame I feel
like Chris Crocker but if you're like me
and you didn't have a dad didn't make
sure you think whoever raised you
because they should feel appreciated too
and then a year after that I did another
short film that was about a Father's Day
dance at high school and of course I was
sad because I did not have a dad to
dance with all right everybody
time for a slow dance with your father's
but then I had one of my characters come
in to try to make it a little bit funny
and not so depressing
you know I didn't have a father reader
really he died when I was five Oh
cancer no my mother killed him stabbed
him in the face chopped off his balls
and threw him in a wood chipper
oh my god yeah he was kind of a douche
anyways though I mean I wouldn't in
chopped his balls off but what are you
gonna do then a couple years after that
I did a draw my life which was too much
information for everybody
but of course I talked about my family
me my brothers became really close
mainly because we were afraid of my dad
he would take his anger out on my mom in
us pretty much every night which is
probably one of the reasons I still have
problems falling asleep to this day I
guess I'm still kind of scared and then
since that drawing my life and because
I'm so open about a childhood
every time I'm interviewed they bring it
up and I talk about it I had a rough
childhood and you know I was morbidly
obese as a teenager and I dealt with a
lot of depression and and you know I
definitely had to use comedy to kind of
make myself laugh and make my family
laugh so in 2015 I ended up seeing my
dad and then I made a video about it but
I didn't really explain what happened I
don't want to get too much into it
because I've talked to him recently and
and he doesn't really want you know his
shit aired out there and he shouldn't
because I've already talked about him
enough so I want to make this video more
about the process of what I did and
maybe you guys could get something of
that but basically what happened was I
hadn't seen my dad for ten years I think
and when we talked it was awkward not
just because we hadn't seen each other
but because I had been publicly talking
about how awful my dad was a lot and it
was awkward but good I think I don't
really remember I was so scared and he
didn't bring up my draw my life so I
still have
talking about that but he did bring up
that there's a lot of things online that
don't make him look good and I have no
idea what he could be talking about
behind every good comedian is a whole
lot of pain and oh boy was his childhood
messed up morbidly obese dressing and
dragging with an abusive alcoholic
father shame would develop some
crippling anxieties that comedy would
eventually save him from yeah that's not
good
well then most recently I did a short
film called the lottery which was based
on my childhood and it had my mom and
she was single and struggling and sad I
didn't think my mom was an idiot I
thought she was desperate desperate for
a miracle to come desperate for someone
out there to hear her prayer and come
and save us and even to this day I still
talk about my issues with my dad and me
being a dad I mean I literally adopted a
kid a few weeks ago because I wanted to
prove that I could do it 1 2 3
Cheers here's to our new family well the
last time I saw my dad was about a year
ago but we still haven't really talked
about a lot we haven't talked about the
draw my life we haven't talked about all
of my videos where I've talked about him
and we haven't really talked about
letting go of the past because here's
the thing when you get older you start
to look back at your childhood and you
start to analyze it and reevaluate it
and see that like all the monsters in
your life or all the villains might not
have been that evil and it might just be
because you were a kid
as you were confused and scared like was
my dad a great dad no but I don't think
he knew how it'd be a dad I don't think
he had a good dad I don't think he knew
how to show love in certain ways I think
he was scared do I agree with certain
things that he did no but can I forgive
him I want to and I want to have him in
my life and I want to be a dad myself
and I wanted to have my kid have a grant
but we have a lot to talk about
I asked him if he was okay being on
camera he said yes he said he's scared
he said he doesn't want people to hate
him I told him that listen like I just
want this to be real and honest and I
wanted to end with us being in each
other's lives again okay so um here's
the plan
my dad currently is at a beach right now
camping which is so crazy because this
place where he's at is where we would go
every year as a family and it's my only
good memories from childhood I really
did love sitting with my dad in those
you know crappy fold-out camping chairs
and just staring at the fire and looking
at the ocean and it kind of seems like
the perfect place to go and have a
conversation with him and oh my god
it's all hitting me all right so here we
go I am going to go see my dad and for
the first time you guys are going to see
him too and I have never been more
scared and nervous and just feeling like
I'm actually gonna have a heart attack
and die ever in my whole life when I
came up with this series and when I
thought of the idea of talking to people
from my past
all I wanted was this and I'm really
really really scared because it's not
like this isn't just a video like this
isn't me
click baiting or trying to collab or you
know my ex ro like this is like so
intense for me and I hate that I'm
crying right now but I don't care I'm
gonna leave it in because like this is
fucking real and this is my dad and I am
so so scared but so excited
all right let's do this
okay so I'm outside of my mom's house
right now because I wanted to talk to
her first about me making a video with
my dad
so I want to do a video where I talk to
dad oh my god oh my god oh my god is it
- this is so weird I'm sorry I'm scared
