I'm about to be real real right now it's
like he's manipulating people like
manipulating the key Andrea fans I'm
sorry I want to go back inside typer
name welcome yeah yeah get up on this
stage yes like hey what's up you guys
yes today we're gonna be doing more
conspiracy theories and today's are kind
of all over the place I'm just warning
you
we're gonna be talking about cartoons
we're gonna be talking about the devil
and we're gonna be talking about one
direction
I know because some of you guys that
wanted me to talk about this we're
finally going to talk about Larry Styles
we've talked about cartoon conspiracy
theories before and they are very creepy
I mean a while back we talked about how
the Smurfs is actually about Hitler and
Nazi Germany and we talked about how all
the characters in Winnie the Pooh are
actually different mental disorders for
example Winnie the Pooh has OCD because
he's obsessed with honey and he's
obsessed with counting piglet obviously
has anxiety disorder Tigger has a DD
rabbit also has OCD he's obsessed with
keeping everything clinging in an order
you're obviously suffers from a very
severe depression and Christopher Robin
is completely schizophrenic which is why
he thinks all of these animals are
talking but this next cartoon hasn't
even creepier theory and that's a theory
that the Care Bears are actually symbols
of voodoo gods so for those of you who
don't really know what voodoo is it is
an old religion that is somewhat satanic
it deals with black magic their
sacrifices and of course booty dolls
where you can stab into a doll and make
people feel pain it's a pretty dark
religion well in voodoo there's
different spirits that resemble
different parts of life those are called
Moana and supposedly each Care Bear
represents a different spirit so first
let's talk about the name Care Bears
so Care Bear is very similar to care
force and care force is actually an area
in the world that people say is the
heart of the Voodoo religion now the
Care Bears live in the clouds which is
technically where spirits would live so
now let's talk about the symbols on the
Care Bear
stomachs now theorists think that
love-a-lot bear is supposed to represent
goddess or Zhu Li now here Azula is
often associated with the color pink
which is the color bear and irezumi was
the goddess of love and motherhood the
two hearts next we have the friend bear
now friend bear has two flowers that are
crossing on his tongue now there's a
voodoo gardening but whose symbol is two
roses crossing and people also don't say
the name of Wow instead they call him
friend that one actually creeps
narrative now there's a cheer bear who
has a rainbow on their stomach now the
voodoo God Impala is also symbolized by
rainbow then you have grumpy bear who
has a symbol of a raining cloud stomach
now there's a voodoo God named captain
Oh goo and he's very angry and he has a
ship now his ship looks just like the
cloud on the Bears stomach now let's
talk about the way that the Care Bears
travel around they travel around in a
magic shit now a lot of theorists said
hey a lot of the first practices of
Voodoo actually came here on ships
because they were slaves no who knows
this could all be bullshit and it could
all be coincidences but one creepy thing
is a lot of the creators of the Care
Bears have died in very bizarre
mysterious ways one of the animators
lest admirers disappeared he left a note
behind saying that he was going to find
out the truth about where the Care Bears
came from his final credit card bill
showed that he had purchased a flight to
Haiti and then nobody ever heard from
him I don't know to me that sounds very
fucking creepy and I don't know I don't
want to say anything because I'm
terrified but all I'm going to say is I
don't trust those bears alright here we
go I'm going to talk about it you guys
have wanted me to talk about this let's
fucking do it and that's a theory Larry
style sin so pretty much since the
beginning of one direction there has
been a theory that Harry is actually
dating Lois and theorists have a lot of
evidence to back this up here is just a
few pieces of proof number one the
amount of times that they have either
almost kissed or pretended to kiss or
bit each other are insane here's just a
few flips
I mean I don't know they could just be
having fun and being goofy but a lot of
times - like almost kiss somebody
there's no feelings there number two
they were the only two people in the
group to actually live together and
they've been pretty open about that just
look at this clip where Harry said he
wouldn't want to live with anybody else
your liver is Louise that Kurt all right
he's not here so he can give us the dirt
is he the messiest yes does he do the
washing up never does he make his bitch
no never not hopeless hopeless flatmates
would you rather be with one of those
guys no no now supposedly they said they
don't live together anymore but there
have been a few slip-ups where they've
accidentally said they are what is your
current favorite TV show
warmer homes and one we're working for
London without Live Together so oh no no
no beside each other in that cast front
- so do you know so just there you saw
they said oh when we were at home or we
have too many in our house I mean
obviously they're living together now
Louie has a story he tells about the
first meal he ever cooked for a
girlfriend and it's some kind of chicken
mozzarella dish and supposedly he says
he's only cooked once in his whole life
and it was for a romantic occasion and
then this picture came out Harry Styles
took a picture of him cooking the
romantic dinner they've also shared a
lot of innuendos on stage or in
interviews just look at this one where
they joke about giving each other head
now this next one involves sign language
now in sign language doing this means
sweetheart or to make love and they've
been caught doing that to each other a
lot oh I can't make you money
I don't care what it takes I'll do this
with my
I'll take it in the place that one
actually has got a cute I like that now
next we're going to talk about their
tattoos now on Harry's wrist he got a
tattoo that says I can't change which is
a reference to something a lot of people
in the LGBT community say a few months
later Louie got a tattoo on the same
wrist with little quotation marks and
when you put those together it's a quote
then here I got a tattoo of a ship and
then shortly after Louie got a tattoo of
a compass then Harry got a tattoo of a
ship anchor and Lily got a tattoo of a
ship robe Harry got a heart tattoo and
Louis got a name here I got a rose
tattoo and Louie got a dagger and then
here we got a tattoo right here of a
butterfly and a Louie got a tattoo
saying it is what it is on his chest now
that might sound like it doesn't mean
anything but a picture was taken of the
tattoo artist sketches and on his
sketches was the butterfly and right
above it it said it is what it is now a
couple other things is that Harry is
very open about the fact that he doesn't
like gender roles
he doesn't like labels on things he's
very supportive of the gay community
even will take rainbow flags and wear
them on stage and surrounding them but
all that could just mean he's very
supportive of the community or it could
mean that he is part of it and a last
little piece of evidence is from our
very own psychic twins when they
revealed on their channel that Harry and
Louis are actually together the whole
rumor forever is that two of the guys
are together
I think there may have been over musica
I do there was a romantic so there you
guys go we finally talked about it and
honestly if I can believe it and I kind
of ship it damn now our last theory is
pretty dark and it deals with suicide so
that triggers you then please click off
this video and that is about the depth
of Kurt Cobain if you guys don't know
Kurt Cobain was a part of the band
Nirvana which was fucking amazing I grew
up with their music they were incredible
and then on April 8th of 1994 Kurt
Cobain died he was found dead by a
gunshot wound to the head and had the
gun next to him well not soon after he
was announced that people started to
wonder did he really kill himself I mean
why would he kill himself he was at the
height of
and that's when the theory started
flying and one theory is that his wife
at the time Courtney Love might have
been behind his moon a man named Tom
Graham used to be part of the LA County
Sheriff Department has come out to talk
about some of the things that he learned
during the investigation he learned that
before Kurt died him and Courtney were
going to get a divorce and that Kurt was
going to leave and supposedly Kourtney
did not want that to happen and that
made her very angry he also interviewed
a bunch of Kurt's friends and they all
said the same thing he was not suicidal
he never talked about being depressed
and that they do not believe that he
really did kill himself they also found
that his body had three huge doses of
heroin in it when they found him dead
and that means that he would have done
it to himself because he was all alone
and supposedly they said with the amount
of heroin that was in his system the
fact that he could have written a
suicide note and got a gun and actually
shot himself in the head it's kind of
impossible because he had been so
drugged up out of his mind that he would
be able to literally do anything
also he noticed a few things about the
suicide note that didn't seem right at
the bottom of the note it says for
Francis for her life which will be so
much happier without me now if you look
at the note that sentence looks
completely different from the rest of
the note and a lab test of the note and
actually noticed that that was written
later and if you read the note without
that part it just sounds like a letter
that he would have written if he was
leaving your bhana and wanted to tell
the fans like hey guys I'm quitting
music I think I don't want to do this
anymore the only thing that really
implies that he wants to kill himself is
that one line that was added later so
the theory is that he wrote that note
saying that he wanted to leave Nirvana
he wanted to leave his wife he just
wanted to leave everything and then
supposedly his wife got mad and had him
and then they added on to the note to
make it look like a suicide note
now just to add to that theory there was
a documentary made about this entire
thing and in it there was a man
interviewed named El Duque and El Duque
claims that Courtney Love Kurt Cobain's
wife tried to hire him to kill Kurt
check it out
you did some deal with Courtney right
yeah she offered me 50 grand to whack
Kurt Cobain yeah I was telling us she
was 50 grand to whack Kurt Cobain now
this is the Ian creepy just two days
after that interview El Duque
and he didn't just die a normal death he
was hit and run over by a train not only
that there were no witnesses I don't
know to me if that sounds very shady it
almost sounds like somebody had him
killed off but well Courtney Love has
been very outspoken about the fact that
she would never have had him killed that
she loved him she's talked about it in
many interviews check it out don't even
blame yourself I mean I know that there
are fans of his yes I knew I do what
could you have done different and what
do you blame yourself for other 8,000
things a thousand million things could
you have stopped it yes
could you have stopped it permanently no
but I could have been um diligent so I
don't know I mean listen do I think she
hadn't killed no I do not think that do
I think there's more to the story
do I think that he really just took a
gun and killed himself I don't think so
I think there is more but I guess you
just won't know well there you guys go
those are conspiracy theories for today
hopefully you enjoyed that if you want
more conspiracy theory videos please
give me a thumbs up on this video so I
know and also make sure to subscribe
right down below to my channel because I
make new videos every day and if you
want to see more videos of conspiracy
theories or creepy stuff I will put a
link to a playlist right at the top of
the description below alright I will see
you little carebears tomorrow are we
done yet do we have to keep doing this
like how many more times are we gonna
watch Chloe sit on a couch and go
I don't know Kim I don't trust her and
then Kim go I don't know like a gain of
trust her
and then Kourtney go yeah I don't know
what Kourtney does
