guys you just finished a podcast with
Andrea sets everybody good oh we did so
much it
we drank a bunch of alcohol where's the
vodka when we got drunk we talked about
her relationship with Keon and we talked
about her relationship with me we talked
about her frenemies and we talked about
Farrah Abraham's pussy if you want all
of that go to SoundCloud I accomplished
indifference or download the full screen
app I'll put all that links down there
I'm drunk my head to the guys yes today
I look like total fucking shit but it's
not my fault
I was just up all night watching Big
Brother live feeds and you know shit
heavy show so like ignore all of this
just like America needs to ignore poly
when his ass comes out the house also
the whole shook thing is probably my
favorite thing that's ever happened on
the Internet
and someone made one of my dog and that
should have me anyways ignore how shitty
I look and let's talk about how shitty
my insides are gonna look cuz I am here
with me a big-ass bag of Baskin Robbins
no now you're thinking yes I have had
Baskin Robbins it's been a lot it's been
like three days but there's a lot of
things I have not had at Baskin Robbins
because they have 31 fucking flavors by
the way this is not sponsored but if it
was Baskin Robbins make a flavor of me
and it should be a mixture of pimple
juice and hair grease cuz that's what
I'm serving okay so I got some flavors
here I have never tried I also got a
couple big items I must just say it's
gonna be real fucking sad it's just me
eating them but what else is new okay
number one first of all I love how they
very tastefully wrap this nothing is a
classy business like fucking gross old
ass saran wrap guys are really killing
it over there at Baskin Robbins here
let's just unwrap that by the way when I
was little I really want to know what it
was like to jerk off into a condom by
the way do you love how I said I wanted
to know what it was like the jerk off
into a condom instead of have sex with a
condom even at a young age I was like
that ain't never gonna have it no one's
gonna fuck this and if they do that
bitch's gonna be
anyways I couldn't find a condom in my
house because my parents didn't have sex
so instead I used to rap and it was
gross anyways let's see okay so this is
a waffle cone sundae and inside of it is
this ice cream that's new and it's
called milk and cereal Oreos I want the
fuck that means like does that mean you
put Oreos in a bowl of milk and
pretended like it was cereal so you've
got less bad that yourself cuz like I
try that trick any don't worry I mean it
works like it tastes bomb but I still
feel really bad about myself when I
realize I'm just eating an entire part
of cookies covered in milk but anyways
this one has some of that in it it also
has some hot fudge and as notice a
little cream and it has this very old
old frozen cherry
it's been around for years nothing about
that looks good like why why why like
this was like a cyst you would find on
your grandma's back own and the cat
jumps on her back and accidentally
scratches it off oh and your grandma
doesn't notice it cuz she's so old she
has no feeling in her back another's
blood all of your couch and then your
grandma dies because she's meemic and
she needs all her blood and then you eat
all the ice cream you want because
grandma's not there to tell you to stop
let's take a bite okay here we go let's
get a little bit of everything alright
here's the perfect little bite oh my god
okay listen I know ice cream is good we
all know ice cream is good but I've
always been on the frozen yogurt train
which by the way is a train that leads
to a fat ass and constant heart
palpitations but I've never been the
type of bitch that was like you know
what I kind of want ice cream tonight
like I'm always Froyo but trying this
Bronco is a no-go and ice cream from Ice
Queen like this is so good oh my god how
do they do this okay I'm going to
dissect a little bit like I really want
to see what's happening in here which I
also want to do too blac chyna like I
just want to know like what's inside of
that like the packaging is cute but like
when you unzip it what falls out by the
way I can't with that I'm having another
reality show like China Rob are we done
yet do we have to keep doing this like
how many more times are we gonna watch
Chloe sit on a couch and go
no Kim I don't trust her and then Kim go
I don't know like I gotta trust her and
then Kourtney go yeah I don't know what
Kourtney does either way I'm over it o
side no I didn't try this yet and I feel
like I should because I can't really
give you a full review unless I do so
this could take a little nibble it ma
second ice cream okay I'm excited about
this one because it is my favorite
flavor of ice cream in general and I've
had pretty much every kind this is
birthday cake
now some birthday cake only has like
frosting flavor some has too much cake
flavor some mix it up
they have frosting they have cake they
have sprinkles and sometimes that's too
much so just by looking at her I'm gonna
assume she's too much as you can see she
has a little piece of cake she has a
little piece of frosting she has
whatever the fuck that is I really know
what that is but I'll eat it and she's
also kind of wet so I'm a little bit
nervous but I'm still excited so I want
to get like a bite that has everything
in it so here's a little frosting oh my
god oh my god mmm not gonna leave its me
hard to wait girl can I just take a
finger in all right get a little bit of
the ice cream a little piece of cake oh
my god okay oh you need to see what that
looks like up close
that's fucking crazy who the fuck made
that some fucking miracle god some
fucking actual magician Queen in reality
it was probably some light sad like 58
year old man and he wears like a lab
coat so he could feel important and he's
like mm-hmm well first let me just mix
this together with this and then the
chemicals reacting and he calls himself
like an ice-cream scientist uses words
like freezing point and flavor profile
then he comes home after a long day and
his wife is waiting on the couch and
she's like I made dinner
where were you why are you late and
don't tell me is because you were up all
day with ice cream because ice cream
melts and then he goes Amy I'm sorry was
a long stressful day I was trying to
find the perfect combination of frosting
and cake and sprinkle for my birthday
cake sundae and then Bob came in
trying to run these numbers past me and
I was like bah I can't do it right now
I'm trying to make an ice cream diet and
then it's wife Suzie goes that's real
cute Jim but you make ice cream when we
got married you said you love that I
made ice cream it was killed when you
were 20 Jim you're 58 now and the only
thing around this house that's cold and
melted and expire it is me you don't say
now oh I did Jim and you know what
here's the bonus scoop I'm leaving you
for your brother Rob Rob the pretzel guy
oh yeah the pretzel guy Jim you know why
cuz he always keeps it twisted and
saltier like you but I can't keep it
twisted and salty today at work oh I
made this salted caramel ice cream and
all batil it's fucking over I don't know
how to end that story so should mean
okay now that my ice cream is completely
melted because I had a weird one-act
play with myself let's give it a try
this is not birthday cake I laid out his
bubblegum blue mist no wonder Jim lost
his woman he didn't even see what was
right in front of him he was mixing the
flavors wrong oh my god ha ha ha ha
that fucking blue shit that fucking like
that was bubblegum that's fucking gross
that's like taking bubblegum from
underneath a table and putting your
mouth why would you do that unless that
was birthday cake and they just fucked
it up I need to move on I need something
else I need anything else but I had a
split so shockingly enough I don't think
I've ever even had a banana split
I'm just not like a fan of the idea of
it like bananas a fruit and ice cream is
the shit like why are you gonna combine
that if I wanted to eat fruit Olimpia me
also bananas get real gross when they're
cold and it kind of tastes like a dog
bone I just hate that you know what I
hate it so people are like you don't
even
I scream obviously just fucking put a
banana in the freezer five hours later
take it out nibble on it
just like ice cream no bitch it's a dog
bone you don't a good fruit is caramel
apple and you know why cuz you eat the
caramel spit out the apple fucking
banana split the banana flavor gets all
over everything
banana is the fucking Kris Jenner of
fruit like how the fuck did it get on
everything like I need a generate I need
a Nana break why am i so mad I was so
excited about this day okay so let's get
happy let me give this a try oh god the
fucking banana is like Bruce oh alright
it's okay maybe all the flavors together
will feel good I'll get a little cherry
the why is it broken low Hot Fuzz Oh nut
alright let's do this strawberry ice
cream really once again that's a fruit
no uh-uh
why damn it why no no I'm a need
baskin-robbins to redeem herself imma
need her to fix what she has broken to
change to take me back to a happy place
and to make America great again so
that's why next I'm going to try a
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Sunday now
this is gonna be the shit I already know
that like if you just look oh my god
yeah I don't know what that was but it
has little chunks fuck big chunks big
chunky chunky oh a chunky monkey now
look at that chunky fucking up monkey
ass motherfucker Bop some little sucking
rhesus both fucking a peanut butter ice
cream so fucking hot fudge some fucking
whipped cream and if this is what you
would have made for your wife Jim she
would have left your ass give it try
I'm I need to live my legs and spread my
ass
oh my god oh my god oh my gosh this is
this this this this is everything this
is so good
oh my god the fucking Reese's chunks in
that ass the fucking chocolate fudge on
top I think it's chocolate shell without
it that Jim didn't like that it's
crunchy
you hear that Val's mother fucking a
fudge bitch oh my god and you know I'm
gonna give the chariot drive because I
feel like Jerry is in his new home and
he's where he's supposed to be and maybe
he'll take
now you can't win them all but yeah that
wasn't good but let's pretend like that
didn't happen and this is the bomb Thank
You Baskin you're back okay I don't know
what this is it's the same kind of
little sundae but I don't remember what
I ordered so I'm just gonna fucking go
in I have no idea what this is I mean
it's good I I don't know what it is
oh never mind wait hold on ooh
well found a chunk of cookie dough oh
this is cookie dough oh that's what she
is
oh my god mmm the reason I love cookie
dough number one the danger but you
never know you could you die nice and
vanilla but what I used to love to do
when I was a kid was when I was eating
the chocolate chip cookie dough ice
cream
I would like suck out all the cookie
dough's and then spit them into a
separate bowl and then at the end of my
ice cream I'd have a whole shit ton of
little cookie dough balls and then I'd
mold them all into one put them in the
microwave and make one big-ass weird
fucking spitty ass cookie and it was
gross I only did that once but I learned
from my mistakes just like you should
have Jim Oh food good once again this is
just trying to a video be eating just
not giving a fuck about the camera final
thing this is an entire ice cream
birthday cake for one and it's not even
her birthday I just want to get this
because number one um hi number two I
need to know how do I need to know like
what does this taste like what's inside
of it I'm gonna do an unboxing I oughta
cut into it I want you guys to eat it
with me about you guys I mean me cuz
you're not here and I am so let's
fucking get into the oh my gosh fucked
it that would be really really bad okay
as you can see I'm going to cut from
this side oh my god oh so good okay so
let's cut her open Oh God perfect slices
happening okay Oh fucked it up a little
bit okay fucked it up a lot of it let's
just go in from the bottom blue start
from the bottom that we're fat and then
just keep it right on it
oh my god sorry did anything move in a
purple Park line okay yay oh there it is
all right so I got my piece it is
looking luxurious as ever I don't really
know what's in it so I got to do a
little investigating
I think that's cookies and cream ice
cream this looks like a fresh vanilla
cake and then this is just thick whipped
cream icing look a little bit of
buttermilk and possibly some fondant Wow
I sounded like I knew what I was talking
about because I did its food let's do
this okay first time I start a little
cake oh my god oh it tastes good Twinkie
oh fuck okay and here is the ice cream
Wow haha that's fucking fucked up that's
fucked up that's so good okay now let's
try it all together I'm gonna get a big
ol bite and this is for you guys not for
me oh yeah oh my god oh my god her in
the background she needs to be in the
forefront she should not be blurring the
back she's not Michelle Williams she's
not the other one she's been off it this
is just so fucking good so good it's not
even my birthday and that's what makes
it even better
or saturd whatever it's food organ guys
go that was me trying different Baskin
Robbins treats hopefully you enjoyed
that and if you did please give me a
thumbs up on this video so I know and
also subscribe to my channel right now
below because I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see more
videos of me eating weird foods or fast
foods or ice creams I will put a link to
a playlist right at the description
below regi little ice cream cones I will
see you when I first arrived I thought
holy shit these people can't be here for
me but it turns out they were all there
for me and the turnout was pretty damn
good they were excited I was excited
even the moms work site and his
exciting's this was it was kind of
confusing for security because they just
see me as normal and even kind of gross
