hey what's up you guys welcome back to
another one - fuck five my name is
destory today we were counting down five
of the dumbest criminals to ever exist
I get criminals just be smart seriously
how hard is it to wear a mask and gloves
to a crime like I don't even wrong
people but I know that if I did I could
totally get away with it so for today's
list we're counting down five dumb
criminals who really didn't get away
with it so coming in at number one we
have an 18 year old robber who tried to
rob a muffler store once when entering
and asking the employees for cash at
gunpoint they informed him that they
couldn't open the safe containing the
money unless the manager was this
instead of you know cutting his losses
and leaving with a muffler I guess as a
prize he wrote down his own phone number
and asked the employees to call him back
when the manager was there but
surprisingly the employees instead
called the police who had the employees
call the man back to the store where he
was swiftly arrested and sent to jail
okay all the idiocy aside why a muffler
store even if his plan did succeed it
would probably be like okay I'm opening
the same hahaha I'm gonna be rich okay
here's all we have which is 227 dollars
and a coupon for free skittles
congratulations also we have mufflers in
here if you want to steal any of those a
number to a robbery was foiled with the
assailant Derrick Mosley attempted to
rob a gun store wielding only a knife
and a baseball bat oh my god as you
could probably guess Derrick was
dumbfounded with instead of all the
money in the cash register he got a
large gun pointed in his face instead
the owner of the store kept him there
until the police arrived and arrested
him on sight hey man don't be too hard
on who could have known there'd be guns
at a gun store huh
next on the list is a criminal actually
talked about the previous what-the-fuck
news that I did and that is Nicolas wig
and good old Nick definitely deserves to
be on this list because as he was
robbing a man's home he got on his
computer logged on to his Facebook and
forgot to log out as well as leaving
several items behind including his own
pants and songs
yuh-huhhh he pulled up his facebook
profile umm and left it up when the
homeowner finally got home in addition
to several of his valuables missing
Nick's Facebook profile was still logged
on to his computer
where I was able to message Nick
team two exchanges belongings fornix
pants and surprisingly NIC agreed to it
where he was then arrested as soon as
police caught him near the guys house it
could actually be this stupid what I'm
did my pants uh pulled me I gotta go get
those things Oh fuckin dumbass I never
for the last a 40 year old man from
Sweden got a little pissed when the 13
year old girl he was trying to have sex
with didn't show up for their sexual
date how dare she
I'm two men on an online dating site the
man put down an advance payment of
around $50 in her bank account before
their meeting when she didn't show up he
decided the best way to get his money
back was to call her house and ask her
own father for a refund
Wow I bet that conversation wasn't
awkward like yeah hello this is the
middle-aged man that's supposed to be an
effective your daughter right now excuse
me and that bitch didn't show up for my
day yeah I'm gonna bring that bitch to
Olive Garden
give her some fucking breadsticks but
nope and because the man used his real
name on the website the dad and police
were able to track him down and arrest
him and finally number five a man tried
to rob a gas station by wearing a maxi
pad on his eyes as a disguise Wow wait
at least this guy tried to use the
disguise I didn't hear anyone else on
this fucking list trying to do that but
it's like many superheroes who think
it's a disguise to cover up the top part
of their nose and that's it it was a
huge surprise when the gas station
employee recognized him immediately as
the same man and been walking around the
gas station for weeks casing the place
look man I don't want to tell you how to
rob a store but I can guarantee it's not
by putting a maxi pad on your face also
how are you able to see you think that
if you're robbing a place you need to be
able to see what you're doing otherwise
it'd be like all right and no one follow
me oh fuck you okay yeah I'm good is
this the door ah no that's the bathroom
okay this is the door out right yeah
there you go cool thanks man but
seriously don't follow me that is it for
today's what the fuck five hopefully you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give it a like and also subscribe to the
channel as there will be more every
single week per se
yeah I can sing what others we'd like to
see more of you make sure to subscribe
to my channel youtube.com slash captain
desk that's where I also upload every
single week BAM we're sure we're just
killing it with the singing right now
also as always leaving the comments down
below any suggestions you have for
future what the fuck five episodes and
I'll check those out that's it guys I'll
see you next time for another one two
four five
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
