hey what's up you guys so you clicked on
this video because you wanted to see a
week in my life well my typical week is
a lot of masturbating and eating so I
decided to show you one of the craziest
weeks of my life and that's the week of
my book tour
here we go it all started with an uber
ride to LAX 6:35 in the morning we're
headed to Texas and I realized as soon
as a plane started moving that at a
crippling fear my flaming shot down so I
closed the window and went to bed I'd
love to sit here and tell you that in my
sleep I had beautiful dreams by far-off
places or the beautiful city I was about
to visit but I didn't I had horrible
nightmares it looks like this
then silly me while I was having a
nervous fucking breakdown in my sleep I
didn't realize that we were safely
landing at our first stop on the tour
Houston Texas and the first stop was a
bookstore that we were gonna have the
meet and greet at the next day and I had
to sign 2,000 copies of my book and
since I don't know how interesting that
would be for you guys to why I sped it
up eight thousand percent and you know
whenever I do this I can't help but
think about the crippling arthritis it's
gonna give me later on in life but I
can't think about that when I'm having
this much fun but we finished up the
signing and on the way back to the hotel
I counted 146 trucks why the fuck do
people only drive trucks in Texas back
at the hotel I got approximately two
hours and forty minutes of sleep and I
was tired as fuck but all the same it
was a new morning and it was time to go
back to the bookstore for the meet and I
first arrived I thought holy shit these
people can't be here for me but it turns
out they were all there for me and the
turnout was pretty damn good they were
excited I was excited even the moms work
site and his exciting's this was it was
kind of confusing for security because
they just see me as normal and even kind
of gross but I couldn't think about that
it was time to get started the first
thing I had to do is take some test
shots with my publicist Ariel she took
care of me on the tour she's like my mom
but a cool mom and for whatever reason
seeing that process made these kids cry
and then this shit happened where my
camera man thought it was time to read
it wasn't it was time for the meat
grease this girl knows what's up during
the meet and greet everyone who came to
get my book was so cool and I wish I
could have spent more time with them but
if I would have done that my publicist
Ariel you remember her she would have
fucking killed me so I had to go fast
there were so many different types of
people there to see me and I wish I
could show you all of them but instead
I'll just show you a few there were cool
kids cool moms girls who were crying
girls who wave like this double Criers
this guy with the most beautiful hair
I've ever seen in my life they were even
sweet moments shit sorry let me do that
again
there are even sweet moments
this kid who was bouncy as hell this
girl who kind of looked like poison ivy
from Batman and this girl who died in an
unfortunate hugging accident babies who
didn't give two fucks about who I was in
different boyfriend's who also didn't
give two fucks about who I was and we're
very confused as to what they were doing
there but still took photos with me
anyways it was all getting pretty
intense so I took a second to drink out
of this water bottle which wasn't water
at all it was vodka and during my break
I notice his creepy ass doll on the
shelf and it kind of scared me seriously
who the hell brought this thing I took
about three hundred fifty billion more
photos and before I knew it it was over
and after the event was one of my
favorite parts it's where I get to go
through all the cool gifts that you guys
gave me and that part's really fun for
me because I get to see a lot of cool
fan art but most importantly I get to
realize how much my fans know and
appreciate him by that I mean they know
I'm a trash can who only consumes Pop
Tarts Reese's and ranch dressing after
the meat greet we went to the only place
in town that was open some creepy-ass
dive bar there were more screens in
there that I'd ever seen in my entire
life but for some reason they were the
stage with grass on it I didn't care I
just drunkenly ate whatever deep fried
thing people put in front of me the next
morning was off to the airport to
Florida and I was feeling great I'm just
kidding I felt like actual death because
I got zero hours of sleep the night
before
probably because somehow that scary
little baby doll ended up in my hotel
room and I couldn't sleep with it
staring at me and on that flight to
Florida I probably should have spent
that time sleeping but instead I just
took the time to look at all the photos
I took in Houston which sent me into a
spiraling dark hole of self-hatred about
the way my body looks in photographs and
all I wanted to do in that moment was
get to my hotel room in Florida so I
could figure out a way to take my own
life but suicide wasn't an option and
the first thing we had to do when we
landed was go straight to Universal
Studio even though I hadn't slept in 72
hour it was 101 degrees and it was so
humid that I felt like I was walking
through an actual swamp but they did
give me a birthday badge with my name on
it and well that was pretty fucking cool
my experience was awesome they took us
on this really glamorous VIP tour of the
back lot where I got to see how all the
magic works by the time we emerged on
the other side something amazing
happened it started raining and since
I'm from Los Angeles and never get to
see rain I thought that was pretty cool
but it started raining so hard that we
had to dump into a Ben & Jerry's which I
loved because I got to look outside and
see all the very very sad people running
in the rain
including children haha it was hilarious
then the tour guide took us to a place
called platform 934 something like that
said we're going to some magic castle
but at this point I didn't really trust
him because a few minutes before that he
told me I could get to a place called
diagonally by hitting a wall with an
umbrella nothing happened so we took the
train instead Diagon Alley was really
wet and crowded and I've never read the
Lord of the Rings books
I didn't really know what people were so
excited about we found that magic castle
and went right underneath it which was
great because it wasn't hot and wasn't
raining down there then we went to a
fake magic bar where I drink something
called butter beer but it didn't get me
drunk so I was really disappointed that
it was pretty good we saw Jurassic Park
we went on a ride about a big monkey
called Hong Kong we visited a scary
nightmare place called soos landing
where there are way too many fucking
children and then we left because it was
way too hot night a major case of swamp
ass
that night my agent Ali took us to a
really fancy restaurant I knew it was
fancy because when we got there they had
a fucking fountain outside then we had
to go through this crazy place that
looked like a white woman's wet dream to
get to the restaurant which also ended
up looking like something out of a white
woman's wet dream so much so that there
were actual flowers in the drinks we
watched a firework show from the roof
drink a lot more flower drink ate some
fancy food and then apparently they
brought me dessert for my birthday but
honestly I'm fucking I remember I had so
many flower drinks then of course we
danced in the lobby of Mariah Carey
that night I got a whopping four hours
of sleep woke up at 6 a.m. and signed
2,000 copies of my book at the bookstore
and before I could even register what
was happening or what I was doing I was
back with another meeting group this
time in Florida with all you amazing
people and security there was really
tight like really tight as in a loaded
9-millimeter two feet away from little
girls tight so that was kind of
terrifying but all the same Florida was
great it was so nice that everybody's
spirits were so high despite the fact
that they lived in Florida I mean that
place is hotter than hell and has
creatures that look like this but
generally they were happy like
suspiciously happy like at one point
they broke out a song happy you bet I
won't forget you Florida especially
won't forget this little girl who
dressed up like Sheneneh
everybody please get on her fucking
level this girl proposed to me I said
fuck no this girl was wearing a crazy
costume really everybody in Florida was
awesome it's such great attitude that
before I even knew it was over and in
Florida they got really creative with
the gifts and again I was reminded of
how well you guys know me and the next
morning we had to wake up before the Sun
to get to the Florida airborne which fun
fact has an actual hotel inside and our
destination was a Mall of America in a
state that started with an M I think I
can't remember when we landed we had to
drive straight to the Mall of America
which was one of the largest things I'd
ever seen in my life so large in fact
that he took 18 minutes just to walk to
the book store in there in fact it was
kind of terrifying so we got to the book
store I signed 2,000 more books and it
was off to the meeting great security
warned me that this event would be a
little more open than usual I didn't
know what that meant till I saw what the
fuck they were talking about the event
literally took place on a stage in the
middle of the fucking mall so needless
to say it was insane but everyone was
excited and so was I so we had a great
time there was some cute hysterical
happy crying there was some secret
telling there was this kid killing in
the audience this confused dad this
awkward moment where I was hugging a kid
for 38 seconds straight because my
photographer was changing the battery in
his camera this creative use of a bra
this guy this other guy this incredibly
sassy baby and my favorite visitor of
all this dog to this day I love that dog
and leaving him was the worst that I had
to go because I wanted to see some of
the creative stuff you guys got me and
oh my god was it creative there was some
galaxy stuff there's some fan art
there's a fuck ton of Oreos and enough
candy to feed a small nation or me for
one night so after that we walked around
the big a small for a second which had
an actual fucking amusement park inside
of it why slept for two hours woke up
had a really shitty breakfast at the
hotel drove to the airport and rain fly
got canceled so we had to wait in the
airport for four hours where I ended up
finding the scariest doll in a gift shop
we boarded the flight and I ended up
having paranoid thoughts the whole time
about the plane
crashing the storm that scariest doll
but eventually our plane landed in the
next city on the tour Chicago as soon as
we landed we went straight to the
bookstore to sign a million book and
then immediately after that we went to
Target because I heard that they had my
book there and to see my own book on
sale at Target would have been a fucking
dream come true so naturally I was a
little sad when I saw that they were
sold out luckily for me they had Ricky
Dillon's follow me so I just grabbed one
of those instead and then I grabbed a
few cases of Oreos you know for the long
18 minute trip back to the hotel even
though I had two cases the night before
the next morning was a meeting greet
bright and early at a college where fun
fact it was so hot humid that my camera
literally fogged up the second I took it
out of my case it was so fucking hot
security escorted me to a trophy room of
all places which at first I thought was
kind of cool but then I realized it was
more sad because it reminded me of all
the sports I never played in high school
because I was fat but this was no time
to focus on crippling heartbreaking
memories of my past there were people
here to see me and I had to pretend to
be happy and I must have done a great
job because not once during the meeting
grief did somebody say Shane you look
sweaty and sad in fact the whole thing
went pretty well despite the fact that
the room was 9,000 degrees and all of
our insides were literally being baked
because of the temperature weather this
girl was crying because she was a fan of
mine or because she was quickly
realizing that her internal organs were
being rendered useless by the heat is
anyone's guess but nobody died of
heatstroke so all in all Chicago was
great there was this cute baby this
incredible fan arms remarkable kid to
have this to say about one of my videos
another proposal and then of course this
moment where a fan presented me with a
handmade tampon necklace and then my
publicist Ariel literally snatched it
out of her hands and destroyed it right
in front of her eyes like a fucking
crazy woman and Chicago your gift-giving
game was incredible there was a lot of
ranch there was this fan art which
actually looked more like this guy than
it did me
collage of my queen some rhesus that I
fucked up immediately more Oreos candy
dick a cat shirt which I put on
immediately another dick more fan art
fucking me and going through that stuff
really warm my heart but it was time to
go and head to the next stop so with a
heavy heart I said goodbye to my awesome
team in Chicago who left our gross hotel
and then we headed to the airport which
ended up looking like something out of
glitter forever 17s fucked-up
imagination I said goodbye to Chicago
trailed off into a quick nap and when I
woke up it looked like everyone was
actually dead it was very scary but
there was something ranch-flavored
waiting for me so that was nice and
before I knew it we were landed in our
next city which was shit honestly I
can't
remember think it was something with the
sea maybe an M whatever it was it was so
beautiful and I was really curious about
what city or state I was in but how is
far too disinterested to ask but luckily
about twenty minutes into our drive I
saw a sign this is Cincinnati so I guess
we're in a place called Cincinnati we
arrived at the bookstore this lady made
a very weird entrance they showed me the
25 fucking million books I had to sign
was just so fun I devoured sin Capote
lay and it was time to get started the
fans were excited to see me and I was
excited to see them and the meet greet
went awesome I don't know what it is
about Cincinnati but there were so many
sweet moments that I had with fans
genuinely moved me but of course there
was usual stuff girls with chicken
buckets on their head girls freaking out
this kid killing his pose almost as well
as that guy from all of America and
there were the Cryer also the dabbers
and I think this girl made me do a gang
sign and this girl might have given
herself a minor concussion for the sake
of being entertaining for this video but
hey it worked
afterwards I got some Cheesecake Factory
a lot of incredible fan art an amazing
new shirt a dick some more dicks and
with that it was time to say goodbye to
Cincinnati and hello to New York
you
initially I was pretty excited to see
New York but after 80 minutes of that I
was fucking over it I mean I wasn't over
the people they seemed really
interesting just the quantity of people
that fucking sucked
or maybe it was just the mood I was in
because over the last eight days I got
maybe a total of ten hours of sleep but
it's okay because at this point I was
heading into the hotel where I could
take a long nap I'm just kidding of
course that didn't fucking happen
instead I went right to Simon & Schuster
the amazing publishing company that
published my book and I was gonna meet
everyone that worked on it and it was a
great opportunity to meet everyone that
helped make this book possible and most
importantly we drank alcohol and ate
cookie cake and afterwards I had to take
a few meetings but honestly between you
and I I just want to go back to the
hotel so I could read some follow me but
then I got to see my publicist Ariel's
office for the first time and I learned
she had an unhealthy obsession with
Robert Pattinson and cats but honestly
who doesn't then we visited AOL
headquarters it was awesome there was so
much free shit everywhere when we got to
the signing I was feeling kind of
anxious for whatever reason I guess I
wasn't really sure what the people are
gonna be like there we did the book
signing and then Ariel took me to a tiny
room I wasn't sure what she was doing at
first but it turns out she was gonna
break some incredible news to me there I
found out I was number one on New York
Times bestseller list and this was
really one of the coolest moments of my
life and I got to admit everything after
that was a little bit of a haze I was
just in such a good mood but I do
remember that everyone in New York was
absolutely incredible and if anyone says
that people in New York are rude there
was no sign of it here although I think
this guy made me do a gang sign and this
guy made me dab and I think this girl
was dead but none of that matter because
this happened at this point I was
feeling so many emotions from the New
York Times best seller news that they
went by in a flash before I knew it we
were back in the car and going to the
hotel although I do remember being in
the car outside of the book store is one
of the craziest experiences of my life
no seriously what the fuck was at what
were they gonna do if they got in I went
back to my spooky old hotel we got four
hours of sleep the next morning was off
to San Francisco at 4:00 a.m. the first
thing I did in San Francisco was head to
the closest target to see if they had my
book there but it was sold out so I
grabbed another copy of follow me I was
glad my book was selling I was just sad
I couldn't find it at Target then after
that I had to go to a radio station
because I was asked to be on a local
radio show it was cool I shared an
awkward handshake with this guy and he
asked me a bunch of questions about the
Internet after that I took a walk around
the streets of San Francisco I found a
cute can a not so cute rat and I found a
couple people displaying some PDA but I
don't know I was kind of into it I saw a
dog and before I knew it was happening I
was walking to another meet-and-greet
and the people of San Francisco were as
amazing as this woman they were so happy
wild energetic and eclectic and so sweet
I genuinely created so many fun memories
with the people of San Francisco and yet
again as soon as the fun started it felt
like it was coming to a close and I was
looking through all the incredible
things that people in San Francisco got
me I made my escape out of there back to
the car which was almost as entertaining
as New York and I got to say I didn't
even know humans could run this fast but
this kid was somehow managing I went
back to the hotel got about two hours of
sleep and the next morning was off to
Los Angeles and in my dreams I dreamt
about some of the sweetest moments from
the tour it was so wonderful
just kidding I was dreaming about my
plane crashing into the fucking earth
like a ball of fire but that didn't
happen and eventually we landed LAX we
finally got to the airport we met our
driver we drove home in 80 minutes of
traffic and that was it and that was a
craziest week of my life back to eating
and masturbating by
