hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be doing another creepy video
now I have videos where I talk about
conspiracy theories hopes his urban
legends deaths that happened in crazy
places but one thing that I'm very
fascinated by is this now a myth is
basically something that you've been
hearing for a long time and nobody knows
if it's real or not and that doesn't
mean it has to be scary it could be
something stupid like drinking Mountain
Dew makes your dick small and even if
people don't know if that's real or not
I guarantee you what to hear that they
stop drinking it so today I'm going to
be giving you guys just a few of my
favorite myths number one Walt Disney's
dead body is frozen somewhere in
Disneyland now this is what I've been
hearing since I was a kid and honestly I
kind of believe it Walt Disney of course
the creator of all things Disney was a
fucking genius
he created Mickey Mouse he created an
empire and he created Disneyland well on
December 15th of 1966 he died from lung
cancer at the age of 65 now the myth
goes that as he was dying he asked
doctors if there would ever be a cure
for lung cancer and the doctor said well
not right now but possibly in 30 years
40 years I'm sure they'll be cured now
because Walt Disney was a genius and had
mass amounts of money supposedly he
created a chamber where he would be
frozen and kept there until the time
came that there was a cure his thought
was maybe 50 years from now they could
just unfreeze him and give him the cure
and he did keep living now the rumors
spread really fast mainly because Walt
Disney's family was so secretive about
his funeral where they're going to bury
him nobody really knew was supposedly
lots of people including people that
work at Disneyland believed that his
body is frozen and it's inside the
Pirates of the Caribbean right now I
don't know I wouldn't be surprised I
mean the fact that the guy was such a
genius he could figure this out now I
know a lot of you guys are like I don't
know that sounds crazy well let me tell
you this this is the same guy who's
playing for Disneyland was to have the
entire park underneath a bubble that's
right he wanted have Disneyland
underneath the huge bubble so that he
can control the temperature so that he
can keep it hidden from storms he
literally wanted to create a dome and he
got really close to doing that but
unfortunately he died
or he can complete that and that's a
crazy idea is it as crazy as freezing
his own body not really and a lot of
people say that when they're at
Disneyland sometimes they see the ghost
of Walt Disney there and a lot of people
believe that you can hear him singing on
the Haunted Mansion ride I don't know we
don't know if it's true or false but it
makes it a really cool myth number two
the myth that Elvis Presley is still
alive
so Elvis obviously was one of the
biggest rock stars in the world and
people still listen to his music today
well in 1977 he died but the reasons are
still kind of unclear first it was
reported that he had a heart attack then
that changed and they said it was a drug
overdose venez stepbrother came out and
said it was suicide then in 2010 some of
Elvis's old doctors said that he came in
for constipation and they never fully
treated him and that was the cause of
death
well Elvis's dad ordered an autopsy and
now for some reason the reports won't be
public until 2027 so because of all of
those things I've got people thinking
wait is Elvis even actually dead a lot
of people that think that think that
Elvis faked his own death because he
just didn't want to be in the limelight
anymore he was sad because his music
wasn't as popular he didn't know what he
wanted to do with this career he just
wanted it over but he didn't actually
want to die
he just wanted Elvis to die so here's
just a few reasons why people think
Elvis is still alive first there's this
picture that was taken a year after his
death one person that was walking
through Elvis's estate took a picture of
the pool house door and they saw Elvis
sitting inside of it check it out
I mean that looks like fucking Elvis to
me now this was before photoshopping
this was before people could really fake
stuff like that and to this day people
still don't really know who that was
was it Elvis was he there and not dead
was it a ghost now the second thing that
creep people out was a singer named
Orion a year after Elvis died a singer
named Orion sounded just like Elvis came
out with an album in the creepiest part
he was wearing a mess
oh no I wouldn't have time I mean that
sounds just fucking like him it looks
like in - I know it kind of makes sense
maybe all of us wanted to start over he
didn't want to be able to say anymore
we wanted to just put on a mask and be
someone else well this next thing is
really fucking creepy and honestly when
I saw it last night I could not stop
thinking about it I couldn't sleep and
that is an interview that came out the
early 2000s by a doctor named doctor
Hinton so basically he was a
psychiatrist and one of his patients
name was Jesse
well after treating him for a while
Jesse finally broke down and revealed
and he in fact was Elvis Presley check
it out and his DNA matches both sides of
the Elvis family tree the man who calls
himself Jesse after Elvis's deceased
twin brother was dr. Hinton's patient
back in 2002 is Elvis Presley
alive absolutely I would testify in a
court of law
I mean what the fuck that looks just
like Elvis would look at that age and
also that guy is a psychiatrist would he
really lie about this well supposedly
jesse was going to come out and tell the
world about it but then he got scared
and decided not to I just wanted to stay
behind the shadows I don't know I guess
we'll never know but makes it a minute
now this next one is something I heard
years ago and it's kind of funny but
also really disturbing and that is a
theory that the singer Marilyn Manson
had two of his ribs removed so he could
suck his own dick I I mean I don't even
know where to start with this so
basically the myth started back in 1996
now Marilyn Manson was at the top of his
game he was killing it it was one of the
most famous singers in the world and
then for three months he just
disappeared now because Marilyn was
for doing crazy things on stage and
saying really bizarre things in
interviews I guess people just created
the myth that he was gone for three
months because he was getting surgery to
remove ribs to stuff his object I don't
know whatever it is I believed it well
years later on a talk show he was asked
about it and this is what he said this
started with the riffs and all that yeah
yeah to do him huh isn't true no I got I
don't need to like break your wrist for
that sorry I got engaged so I don't need
to do that so there you go from what he
says it never happened
he also talked a little bit more about
it in his autobiography where he said
this if I could suck myself do you
really think I'd ever leave the house
besides I looked into it after I heard
the rumor and it's just too expensive so
obviously he has a sense of humor about
it and it never happened but God that
myth spread so far if you're young ask
your parents about it because I'm sure
they remember or don't because that's
weird to be like hey mom do you remember
when Marilyn Manson had his roof moved
to suck his own dick yeah there probably
until you stop watching my videos now
our last couple myths involve something
really disgusting and something very
very creepy so if you're squeamish you
might want to turn this video off and
that are the myths that all revolve
around eating bugs now you've probably
heard a lot of these stories there's a
story about a girl who bit into her Taco
Bell and accidentally ate a cockroach
and their nest and then the cockroaches
nest grew inside of her cheek and then
when I was sleeping it opened up at her
mouth was full of roaches and of course
you've heard the myth that every year
you eat eight spiders while you're
sleeping and that myth has been
disproven by scientists that actually
doesn't happen
spiders are more scared of humans and
humans are spiders the spiders would
definitely not crawl into your mouth
that would be awful for them and then of
course there's that myth that if you
have like eye boogers cockroaches will
crawl onto your face in the middle of
the night and eat them out well this
next myth is almost scarier than all of
that and that is a myth that Bette
Midler did the tapeworm diet to lose
weight so if you don't know who she is
Bette Midler is a very famous actress
and a singer pretty sure she's won an
Oscar if not she's definitely been
nominated well I remember years ago
hearing from my own mom that Bette
Midler was on some talk show and she was
talking about this diet she did and the
diet involved swallowing a tapeworm so
that the tapeworm would
all food that you ate and then you would
just shit it out well it turns out that
Midler never did this diet and that was
just a myth but then as I did some
research I found out that it's an actual
fucking diet and you know I found out
about it from the Tyra Banks Show check
it out you guys there's a shocking diet
tray that's actually been around for
centuries but it's having a dangerous
resurgence in popularity let me tell you
what it is it involves swallowing a
potentially deadly parasite that feeds
off of your insides and develops into a
worm that can grow to be 20 to 30 feet
long
yes a worm inside your body to lose
weight yeah it's a real thing so
basically how it works is people will
take a little pill that has a tapeworm
inside of it then you swallow the pill
and the tapeworm starts to live inside
of your guts then everything you eat a
tape worm eats 50% of it the scariest
part is that the tapeworm grows and
becomes fifteen to thirty feet long now
if you can't picture how long that
really is Tyra Banks will show it to you
please
now just think about this isn't
somebody's body's yeah that long long
long tapeworm is still inside of you
eating everything that you eat well the
scariest part is guess how you get rid
of it once again the tyro shell will
show you few to type of trapping is that
you don't need any expensive kick fun
place that's it accurately in the toilet
there's nobody take we're gonna get
through it I hope that the worm will
come out clean and in one piece but it's
far for me just as I reach the two-hour
mark it's time for my tapeworm to take a
bow
with a few knots and things that has got
to be over a meter long yeah you shit
out a 30-foot fucking tapeworm oh my god
ah and this is actually a popular diet
technically it's not really legal in
America but people still do it one woman
got caught giving it to her own daughter
wanted to be in a beauty pageant the
cause of the pain became clear when the
nurse later found the teenager screaming
over a toilet bowl full of tapeworms
miss Gabriel Osorio said the girl's
mother returned white admitted by
tapeworm eggs in Mexico and feeding them
to her daughter I mean I can't even
fucking begin process having a worm
inside of you literally living inside of
you and then shitting it out and like
I'm gonna stop talking about either way
I guess it's not a myth it's a fact and
I just found out today and oh my god my
life is never gonna be the same well
there you guys go that was the first
episode of me talking about some scary
myths let me know down in the comments
which ones you believe also let me know
if there's any you want me to talk about
or some that maybe you've heard
throughout your life and if you want
more myth videos please give me a thumbs
up so I know and also subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see more scary videos with me
talking about deaths conspiracy theories
or hoaxes I will put a link to a
playlist in the description below all
right you guys I will see you below
tapeworms tomorrow I know so many people
are hating on me right now being like
Shane what are you doing with your life
Shane is attaching this is embarrassing
and that's just mean Carol but what I'm
gonna say to that is get on my fucking
level because you'll never be here
you'll never be here you'll never be
next to this
