you're not ready for this hey guys yes I
am so fucking excited because today we
are going to make a cheeseburger cake
now element on Twitter innocent hey guys
look at the cake should I make an
overwhelming amount of people said kill
yourself pen and I laugh contemplated it
for a minute and they went right back to
Twitter and then I thought bunch of
people say hey make a cheeseburger cake
and I went well that's better than
killing myself so all right then I will
do a fast food restaurant and I bought
20 burgers and the fast food lady said
kill yourself and I said I remember you
from Twitter can I get fries with that
anyways okay so here we're going to we
have all the burgers I have some fries I
have some condiments I have like eight
jars of mayonnaise I'm all the probably
needs like two for the video the rest
are just you know for me and I also have
Thousand Island cuz I kind of want to
make this bitchy animals and then I got
lettuce cuz like I'm lying to myself and
I told myself I'm gonna use it and I'm
not okay let's get started
so basically I think what I'm gonna do
is just like stack them in fours for
example like that's going to be
happening a lot I'm sorry I might have
had one of these burgers before I turn
this video on and buy one I mean three
if you actually cap there's only 17 now
okay let's go so for the bottom layer
let's do like four burgers okay that's
very so that's not what how did somebody
make this and wrap it up and think yeah
that's not the saddest thing in the
world like who's gonna eat that well me
but it wants to eat that well me you
know what I mean no you don't this still
looks good okay so that's the first
layer let's gonna squish them together
there we go so now I'm trying to figure
out how I'm gonna like layer them cuz I
canna cake you use icing so I'm thinkin
here we'll use mayonnaise also the
slogan on this mayonnaise is yo pass the
Mayo first of all nobody says that also
mandates is never just like on the
dinner table like nobody's like yo pass
the Mayo it's like hey can you learn the
fridge and get the fucking mayonnaise
like smelling make sure there's no hair
in it cuz like mayonnaise grows hair
after like a mom that's a real thing
look the fuck up and then somebody's
like are you sure you want mayonnaise
also Miracle Whip and that's like half
the calories and like you really should
use that and then you say fuck you mate
Carolyn you don't know me and then you
fucking stop talking to that bitch
anyways yo pass the mayonnaise alright
so I think it's you're just kind of like
just like gloop it on like that and then
I'll just spread it around yeah this is
gonna be fun okay who was that
I just turned into an actual scary baby
robot okay so now that your palms are
mayo I feel like you should have like a
layer of fries just like it's a little
surprised when you cut into the cake I
mean it will be a surprise no matter
what because it's fucking burgers but I
like a little step fries
I know kill yourself okay so just a
little fries another layer of mayonnaise
oh no that was a lot okay we're just
gonna spread that on is it bad that I
think this looks good I know all you
guys are going to be like you share your
gross pig pig pig but honestly if this
isn't funny who you eat it or not cuz
you're a human and not a fucking gorilla
like me next leg one man is literally
just splashed on my shirt
two three four okay so that's our second
later okay our cake is already kind of
falling apart so I need to like figure
that out okay there we go I think we did
it
Oh kind of creaming out the side stay in
there now I feel like with this next
layer we should use like Thousand Island
cuz I gotta give it a little color and
like I don't want to overdo it on the
mayonnaise I'm thinking maybe just three
jars alright and I'll style
You and Me Baby nothing the mammals
let's do it like duo no Discovery
Channel I'm almost 30
you guys have no idea what that song is
yikes alright so let's just kind of
scoop that along here
little closer yeah that's what nobody
wants let's add a little more fries so
now I think I'm going to do like a
little bit of ketchup just for that
little ketchup surprise and then we're
going to move on to our next layer now
for this layer I have double burgers put
some bacon inside
I might've eaten a couple pieces of
bacon at that one already but let's go
okay one oh my god uh this is literally
not working I really thought this is
gonna work hold on no it's all gonna
fall apart okay we're gonna take what
can be on this wait wait now I think I
got I just have to smush them all
together okay it's not looking like a
cake but I still fuck all right so let's
go back mayonnaise cuz I think we just
need a thicker glue to keep this all
together which is exactly when I pull my
family when I wanted aunt Carol out of
my life I'm like how can the bitch judge
me on my mayonnaise
she wears scarves with fucking buttons
on it you know what crazy people do wear
buttons with no holes both have a
purpose if you don't give them their
purpose then you're wasting their time
and you know what aunt Carol you're
fucking purposeless okay I don't really
have an aunt Carol I'm making all that
up but I do hate people who wear buttons
on their clothes I don't get okay so
that's there okay let's put a little
lettuce just for like some different
color and maybe that'll look really cute
when we cut into it whoo
you know what if lettuce on a burger is
like not my thing but it looks really
pretty
honestly guys this is looking really
fucking good look at that
fucking profile bitch oh come on okay
okay let's do some more Mayo
oh my god oh my god this is fucking
everything okay this might be the last
layer I mean I'm gonna try to do more
but I don't think it's gonna get any
higher than this oh my god oh my god can
you guys see that
that's insane how many burgers is that
one two three four four times or 16
burgers on this bitch ha oh my god Merry
Christmas
whoo let's just like get up all around
in
and real quick ooh well don't look that
good from that side but hit it from the
back yeah that's a lot of mayonnaise on
that side okay this is her good angle
that's her good side okay so now that we
have our final stack I think we should
ice the whole thing with mayonnaise so
let's just like grip all of this on top
just like the whole thing yes oh my god
if anybody like ate this whole cake they
would actually die it's not a scary
thought oh look at it dribbling down oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god this is so fucking bomb I can't
even fucking deal ohh oh my god all that
drips have nothing drip that fucking
drip okay okay so let's go surprise on
top of that you might have only one of
the things this looks good I know so
many people are hating on me right now
being like Shane what are you doing with
your life Shane is a sad Shane this is
embarrassing and that's just in Carole
but what I want to say to that
is get on my fucking level cuz you'll
never be here you'll never be here
you'll never be next to this this is
everything okay let's put some more
fucking thousand on top let's just you
like a cute little artistic drizzle Oh
oh my god yeah oh my god fucking burst
oh my bus okay let's do a little ketchup
drizzle whoo okay she's falling apart
you got to eat this fast oh my god I'm
not I used mustard fan but like I'm here
for equality and I'm like trying to like
give everybody their shine so let's just
give like a quick little blue oh my god
and there she is instructions on heart
on heart okay
the Cotter guys look at it oh my god let
me get you all the angles look at this I
mean have you ever seen a bitch so
painted so beautiful so deadly so
sickening oh my god looking from the top
oh fuck oh my god oh look at the drips
look at the drips oh my god okay let's
cut into this let's fucking cut into
this together I'm gonna try to do this
while I'm holding this fucking camera
cuz I like really want to like get a
close-up hold on Cammie find a knife
all right now I think we should just
like cut oh my god oh come on oh my god
Oh all right it's not really working but
like we're figuring it out oh my god but
this side okay hold on wait I need other
plate it's just fucking pull her out
from here oh my god
oh my god it's working it's working oh
my god it's working hold on we almost
got this bitch oh my god put the camera
down hey here we go here we go come on
come on come on Oh Oh what did I do
oh what a fucking mess oh this is sad oh
my life okay so obviously um it didn't
really work I mean it kind of worked but
like the second you cut into it it was
just over but that doesn't matter we're
still gonna try it because it's still
gonna be fucking bomb so let's just get
a little piece of meat and fun a little
fry ooh okay I'm a little lettuce just
for some crunch and a shit ton of mayo
just for some heart attack all right
here we go
mom have you ever eaten something and
been like it's over ever I'm sorry oh my
god okay guys I should go
this has been what I like to call too
much a little too much for you to handle
a little too much for me to handle I
feel closer to you I feel farther for
myself it's very confusing you guys
hopefully you enjoyed that if you like
this video please give me a thumbs up so
I know give me a fucking thumbs up cuz I
gotta clean this shit up but that's
gonna be a nightmare also make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
let me
and if you want to see more videos of me
making big crazy weird cakes
I made one out of candy I made one out
of Twinkies I've done a lot of weird
shit I'll put a link to a playlist at
the top of the description below I was a
little cake stirs tomorrow leave me a
comment let me know what kind of cake I
should make next
hopefully not this again cuz I never
want to see this again in my life I
think every time I step into a shopping
mall I get anxiety you packing thousands
of people to a building that sometimes
doesn't even have windows people are
running around trying to find the best
deals not really looking at who's in
front of them
and God forbid there's a sale because
then all fucking hell will break loose
now just imagine all those thousands of
people in one building with shit goes
down
