hey guys we just finished recording a
podcast man Richie the barber who's also
a clown and he's shaving he's shaving
our producer and also just weaved on air
so go to start Glen councillor Shane and
friends to listen to episode and also
the fullscreen Apple put all the links
down there and we have a fart machine
guys you guys have to be guys yes it is
time for me to go back to school no not
because I'm dumb and I should probably
take that GED test again still don't
know the difference between there and
there or we're and we're what if I could
even have words yeah but just like send
gifts to each other I got a need to text
you I'm just gonna send you a New York
meme and you're gonna know what it means
like hey Shane what do you think of a
new haircut new york meme like hey shane
are you still single new york meme hey
shave wanna hook up new york fucking me
that to me makes so much more sense also
i wrote a book my third book will just
be new york memes it gets worse you know
what shut the laymen bitch anyways yes
today we're gonna be going back to
school because i'm gonna be eating
school lunches now you guys have been
requesting this for a while now i did
not want to do it because i did not want
to step foot in a school again kind of
like how somebody that was like in the
army doesn't want to be around you know
bombs or guns or you know my fields it's
the same way i feel about school but i'm
sucking it up today and i'm going to
face my fear and i am going to eat some
nasty-ass shit also the leaf blower man
outside just started blowing which is
giving me flashbacks to high school when
the janitor would be vacuuming and then
you put that little vacuum hose up to me
and go i Conrad
ha ha ha Jimmy that's so funny god he's
probably already dead
let's see okay so the first meal we have
I'm not gonna lie it doesn't look good
but I'm probably still gonna like it and
eat the whole thing
it's a pizza meal now I probably
shouldn't call this Pizza could that's
offensive to pizza so I'm gonna call
this almost pizza and next to it we have
a little chocolate milk container a
fruit by the flip and a fucking go-gurt
I would rather go drink bleach then eat
this go-gurt but it's funny that you
guys wanted me to do this I'm going to
do this okay let's take a bite of this
eats a boat literally what the fuck is
this honestly
this is what a boat look like I'd be
more into sailing I fucking hate boats
of course I have a strong opinion on
boats literally nobody else in the world
does but I do you think you're better
than a car because you can fucking drive
on water you know why else cars are
better because people don't vomit all
over themselves when they're in a
fucking car unless they're in my car
because I had a box of old Jimmy Craig
food in my trunk
from 2008 that's nine years ago or wait
eight years ago I really should go back
to school
alright let's take a bite of this here
we go she smells intriguing um hold on
okay I'm just gonna start with this it's
not that it tastes bad is that it feels
bad like the flavor is okay it's the
texture that bothers me like a flavor of
actual ship I'm fine with but it's the
texture of the sphincter and just how
like wrinkly it is how there's a few
hairs poking out of it and occasional
dingleberry it's just too much texture
for my little mouth that's how I feel
about this you're gonna give me this
soft ass chewy bread with some spongy
ass cheese some hard-ass meat and then I
don't know what those whole fucking
green things are but they remind me of
boogers and you know how I feel about
buggers there's just too much I don't
know how the kids at school used to go
fucking crazy over this shit I remember
there was actual fights over it like I
would hear the sound of like oh don't
shoot and like algas my fucking teeth
and then I'd see like a fire in a trash
can and I'd be like oh my god what's
going on it's pizza day it's pizza day
and there's only ten more pieces left
motherfuckers again crazy and I'll never
understand it over this like on
in-and-out day oh I get it but on the
texture of an asshole day I don't all
right let's try the rest of this little
platter okay I'm gonna take a drink of
this yoohoo just to get that taste on
them oh by the way little-known fact you
who is not actually milk which is why
it's called chocolate drink and not
chocolate milk because it's actually
made out of water yuck all right let's
see if this kiss many memories I
remember this girl that he's just
sitting next to me in school
she would have one of those huge
thermoses that you should split Warren
Mitchell put you she was my queen
she died no but she did let's take a sip
in remembrance
so like that recipe squirrel girl you
made bad choices this is not good it
tastes like fucking water
it tastes like old fucking chocolate
water and we've already talked about my
thoughts on eating ass so we don't need
to go into that oh it's not awful it's
just I like real chocolate milk you know
I mean and yes I know vegans
yokas cow boogers we talked about that
freely even made a video about it Jesus
literally cow boogers I'm so glad you
said that
oh yes milk is gross it's the devil you
know freely I would challenge for you
make a video called Shane eat his own
eggs cuz honestly is ask me again I want
to know go over time now go-gurt was for
the rich kids so I never really had it
when I was a kid so I'm like ready to
see what I've been missing out on
besides you know family vacations
presents on Christmas clothes not from
the goodwill just all the fun little
things I didn't have cuz I was poor
anyways alright let's see how it comes
out of here oh I'm not gonna go into
detail but that just reminded me of a
moment I had recently with something
that wasn't go ger and all I'm gonna say
is love me
I mean it tastes like water yes yoghurt
in a tube need i say more
why are you spongebob on there spongebob
would never eat this oh thank Oh Gert
falling out of his little holes that's
fucking terrifying also - spongebob shit
out of one of those holes or like all of
those holes I need to see that also
Patrick's head's a dick right like it's
a dick like how we all just realizes the
dick because if you haven't it today
yeah the day hold on I gotta clean all
this go-gurt off my fucking legs alright
next meal this is mmm
turkey and some fucking shit and then
potatoes and peas
umm this turkey has actual croutons on
it that's fucking croutons that is not
stuffing and those potatoes are dripping
water how is this gonna help a kid in
the SAT test the only thing this is
gonna do is make the test longer because
I'm gonna have to take bathroom breaks
to go get rid of this do you guys
remember when I took that safety test
the way that they got us to finish it
what they're like you finish you get in
her robe I was like I don't wanna go to
college I don't give a fuck about this
test give me that book a nerd role and
then I finished I test it that's five
minutes and you teacher was like damn
you must be a genius and I'm like no
bitch okay all right let's try this oh
oh look at the way it just flops
oh my god this kind of looks like a
vegan Turkey come at me freely oh my god
okay alright let's take a little cut of
that ah oh my god if I was a kid I would
be like you know what I'd rather not eat
I'd rather actually die which I wanted
to do a lot in school anyways so let's
take a bite alright look a little pee on
there a lil potato there we go
that's a full little taste Oh Bella part
oh I hate when it flops all right here
we go oh my god oh my god oh no oh I
can't put into words
oh come to New York memes oh that's the
only way I can explain my anger this
this is wrong this is almost as wrong as
putting your child in Crocs they don't
know better don't do that to them or
putting a bow on your baby girl's head
cuz she got no hair that is just sad
like she knows she don't got hair we
know she don't got hair don't put a bow
on a bald head bitch tell me it's hair
by the way people who facetune their
babies
how many Judah exit the planet stage
right next video okay this one a nod is
afraid of this is some nice tater tots
and ketchup and a tuna sandwich I
you can't even see the tuna because it's
just all one color but like I'm not a
two and a hater like there's nothing I
love in the world more than mayonnaise
oh my god it's just gonna fuckin spoon
in a jar mayonnaise and just and like
I'm not mad at a fishy smell like I put
my head in Trish's vagina a couple weeks
ago and she's like don't do have a
Houston fetch it it smells like fish I
was like bitch don't worry about it
close my eyes I'm like I'm at Red
Lobster give me a bib about decent crab
which by the way it didn't get really
smelling good finish if you're gonna
tell me you got a fishy vagina and I'm
with my face in it and then I don't
smell that fish I want my money back you
were giving me baloney and cheese I was
asking for trap
I had the receipt and this transaction
is problematic I don't know what any of
those words meant okay first I'm gonna
try tater dock because I know that's
gonna be good oh my god little bit
ketchup little bit of top perfect by the
way I was recently this really fancy
expensive restaurant I didn't pick it
somebody else did and it was like good
but the food was just this like it was
like fancy versions of tater tops fancy
version of nachos but it's all fucking
nachos it's all fucking tater tots we're
all the same
rich poor fat small Farrah Abraham
everybody about her Abraham we're all
the same and honestly we all shit up our
asses
except for Spongebob we really don't
know yet and if we have a yeast
infection we all smell like fish except
Trish she smell like garlic and that's
okay hi I'm Shane Dawson and I'm running
for president
so unlike the Teen Choice Awards vote
for something that matters okay time to
eat this tuna damn now I know I'm gonna
get shit for this I know people would be
like oh my god chain tuna so bro shame
you didn't like the pizza be like the
tuna Shane fuck you Shane and what I'm
gonna say back to that is I have no
taste I am a fucking piece of trash if
you were to give me $1000 burger versus
a $2.00 burger I wouldn't know the
difference I still know the difference
between the Dolan twins what this
sandwich is so Bob that I don't give a
fuck what you say to me literally I
don't give a fuck
you could spam my comment section with a
little pizza emojis and be like the
buttes alarm is taking over fuck you
tuned up and honestly I don't care cuz
this is fucking me and this is real
I would rather have a huge fucking tuna
sandwich with a lot of mayonnaise than a
piece of pizza
New York mean I totally have it going on
aah neck man
now this last meal um is sad for so many
reasons
I don't I don't know how to explain it
okay so we got some crinkle-cut fries a
burrito cheese and crackers baby carrots
and whatever the fuck this thing is I
don't even know where to start
okay I'm gonna start with a fry because
I know exactly that's gonna taste like
garbage then i'ma make my way over to
the burrito cuz I know exactly what
that's gonna taste like oh my god how
did they do that how huh this isn't even
in New York meme this is a wife swap
meme she's not a question my house
that's literally the only vacant explain
this because the devil must have made
this it does not taste like beans
it tastes like dog food is this dog food
oh my god that would be so cute like
Taco Bell for dogs oh my god little dogs
with you a little drive through a little
dog car ah like you know those little
cars that they sell the kids like rich
fucking asshole kids who get everything
anyways you know those cars like the
kids are sitting in there's like a
little hammer and they're like look at
me babe I'm in the Hummer it's like that
but for dogs I just like a little dog
you know Homer I bet the whole rich kids
have those for their little fucking
bitch ass dogs
fuck those kids anyways okay cheese and
crackers I definitely had these before
I'm not gonna lie these used to be my
shit and I would have friends who would
not finish the cheese they'd be like
well out of sticks and I'd be like um
you have your lips oh my god
Abbas fix get your lips that's my new
slogan if I'm running for president
okay let's put a little stick in this
little cheese Oh God
and that's making America great again
now baby carrots I don't fuck with those
I don't trust a vegetable that's like a
small version of a big vegetable like
that's creepy to me like you don't see
like a baby apples or like baby
watermelons
like this ship is like cloning stem-cell
research fucking Illuminati shit and I
don't trust it you know what I don't
hate it I know what you're thinking
Shane's baby here you've had one before
yes I have
this it's kind of sweet kind of salty I
think that's tan baby carrots Wow I need
to change my Twitter profile picture
it's just gonna be me with a bunch of
day of baby carrots and I'm gonna face
to myself to be orange and all my tweens
are gonna be babbling here it's like
this is my new life
okay and the last thing we're gonna try
is something I've wanted to try for so
long this is a little cheese wheel now I
never understood this cuz I was like who
would eat a little wheel of cheese what
does that even mean and then I found out
who fucking rich ass kids they literally
get everything if I ever have kids and
I'm like making money I'm gonna make
them poor like I don't want them to live
a rich life like I want them to know
what it's like to hate everything and to
just want I should have kids oh my god
so look it I just opened it oh oh my god
it's just like the commercial holy fuck
what is this shit okay this is edible
it is part wet that seemed dangerous to
me I'm still eating yeah why am I gonna
swallow it No okay I'm screwing up
alright let's try this little cheese
wheel how would do it is it like a peel
cheese like where I peel it off or just
eat it damn fuck rich kids have
everything this is so good I can just
imagine this in my back pocket on a hot
summer day melting and then I go and I
grab it out as all of my fingers and I'm
just one and somebody's like t need a
napkin and I'm like why use a napkin
looking at your lips yeah that one
doesn't have much of a ring to it
but either way I'd be eating off my
fingers this is amazing this is not a
sponsored video for what is this whole
baby girl
I don't know kept her away to wrap it
but this if you've never had this get
this for guys go it was me trying school
lunch foods and it went pretty good bad
oh fuck I remember all right you guys
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and also leave me a
comment down below what other foods I
should try and make sure to subscribe to
my channel right down below cuz I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see more videos of me eating
crazy foods like prison food or
different fast foods I'll put a link to
a playlist right in the description
below alright you guys I'll see you
little cheese wheels tomorrow bye okay
so we're gonna start with the new right
here which is just gonna be really
subtle and you're pi9 be able to see it
oh my god I'm a clown yeah this is not
that a little but that's okay that's
fine
