hey what's up you guys welcome back to
another one - fuck five my name is
Esther Ann have you ever been so mad
that someone woke you up that you
literally punched a hole in your wall no
just make cool it's no secret I might
have a slight angle problem in fact
there are several videos of me on
YouTube proving exactly that no you
mother fucker
fucking why don't fucking work yeah over
today's list for accounting does five
actors and something I'll make this
freakout look normal does enough no fuck
okay now that's not possible but number
one of the list is Christian Bale most
known for his role as Batman in the Dark
Knight trilogy or is the ax murdering
Patrick Bateman in American Psycho
without more than a little evening with
filming as John Connor in Terminator 4
in 2009 director photography Shane of
hurl mutton walked around in the
background distractingly and caused bail
to deliver one of the most angry feel
rants of all time I want you off the
fucking set you prick now don't just be
sorry
think for one fucking second I wanna
fucking kick your fucking ass you don't
shut up for a second alright I'm gonna
gut you want me to go fucking trash your
lights German a fucking trash them then
why are you thrashing my scene hello he
asks if he wants him to trash his lights
like who just be like yes please
actually also do you want me to trash
your lights is a perfect response to
almost any argument you'll ever get it
ready man I don't want you talking to my
girlfriend anymore you want me to
fucking trash your life what no what
does that have to do it you want me to
fucking trash oh but since the recording
went public bail in addition to becoming
a meme has been parodied on Family Guy
for his rants but a god you want me to
go fucking trash your lights no drama
fucking trash him now I don't want you
to drag him and even made it into an
awesome techno song that I admittedly
still listen to
distracting fuckin distracting Bale
apologize for the rent later that year
in a radio interview saying I would out
of order beyond belief I was way out of
order I acted like a punk I regret that
but unfortunately him and the scorned
director of photography have not worked
together since next on the list is Bill
O'Reilly the host of the new show The
O'Reilly Factor who's basically the
founding father of this list since his
addition to it came in a
behind-the-scenes recording from the
early 1990s and the recording bill
freaks out because the teleprompter
stops working and is forced to in his
own words do it live there's no words
there to play us out what does that mean
to play us out we'll do it live well do
it a lot fuck it I can go write it and
we'll do it live fucking thing suck okay
and another really great thing to yell
out randomly to people hey Destry what
do you think about these headphones
fucking thing stuff okay over the years
bill still hasn't calmed the fuck down
as shown in an interview he had in 2013
because you know why not why you are
lying why don't you sit there and go
live your life like coming in at number
3 is Dennis Quaid known most for his
roles in movies like The Parent Trap the
day after tomorrow which I actually got
this hilarious screen shot when I was
watching it once oh it's just so good
and yours mine and ours which is a
horrendous movie but for some reason
I've seen it like nine times I didn't
have a lot of DVDs growing up Dennis
recently lost his cool on an unknown
project recently when he started
spitting out great lines like I am
acting here and this dickhead wanders on
to my sack I can't even get a line out
don't told me the dick starts whispering
in your ear I'm a pro this is the most
unprofessional scent I have ever been on
I've got these fucking zombies over here
but I have to look at I have a bunch of
pussy staring at me and this fucking
baby and this fucking baby
after the video leaked though the comedy
site funnier die trying to make it seem
like the whole thing was a parody by
releasing me quote original video a few
weeks later this is horseshit I've got
these zombies over here but I have to
look at I've got a bunch of pussies
staring at me and this fucking baby
fuck you Quaid personally the Funny or
Die video just seems way too staged like
they definitely
after the fact but that's just my
opinion I never formed the list we have
both Michael Cera and Jonah Hill who
started together in the 2008 comedy
super bad who both are on this list when
Jonah Hill was recorded freaking out
during the interview for Superbad we
don't need to be here we're here to try
and sell the movie right here be your
fucking friend don't laugh like you're
my friend okay I would fucking knock
your teeth out of your dumb fucking in
the school so I'll fucking go there and
rip your fucking hair now you ready to
go shut up ed Michael Cera during a
leaked behind-the-scenes footage of him
on the set of youth of revolt calls me
an asshole I get a note in my trailer
saying you're not down to earth but up
and it's been going on for a long time
and it's not one person it's everyone
it's an to me to me what you say oh we
did it we did it 100% of the crew is
amateurs and if this movie's worth
watching it'll be a fucking miracle
unfortunately no both of these are
actually big in stage to drum up more
publicity for the movies still pretty
great though and finally at number five
on the list is Mel Gibson and if I like
why though he's such a good guy there's
no way you could be a raging asshole
behind the scenes right wrong I didn't
make my boys go that low my name is
dusty and I have a deep voice Mel Gibson
definitely earns the top spot on this
list with just the sheer amount of
craziness that's been uttered from this
Braveheart actor's mouth whether he's
yelling at his girlfriend for having big
boobs for some reason you know but
they're too big and then okay stupid
they look like some Vegas bitch they
look like a Vegas whore making
anti-semitic remarks during interviews
or singing this you know I got fuckin
bitch on he and if you get raped by a
packet then leave your fault Wow
according to Gibson oh he's been
suffering with both alcohol and drug
abuse and that's why he was acting out
so much in the tapes but regardless what
he said was pretty unacceptable so
whether or not he got help for it or
apologized or whatever he'll always be
known is that one racist asshole oh
right congratulations wait that is not a
thing to celebrate I'm sorry that is it
four days what the fuck five hopefully
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
did make sure to give it a like and also
subscribe to the channel as there will
be more every single week you like to
see more of me make sure to check out my
channel youtube.com slash Captain Estes
actually just put up a video this week
of me messing with snapchat filters of
travel video
tell you something very important and I
totally forgot what it was I should have
written this down fuck also as always
leaving the comments down below any
suggestions you have for future what the
fuck five episodes and I'll check those
out oh yes okay I don't know what that
was that's it guys I will see you next
time for another what the fuck 5 thanks
for watching and Fairwinds
