hey let's have you guys yes today I gave
Kylie Jenner more money she doesn't need
any more money just like she doesn't
need any more dogs she's literally being
drowned by dogs
somebody save her but yes today we're
gonna be trying another Kylie Jenner
product now last time we tried to live
kit and that did not go well
oh my god I was like a cloud
so just because I like failing multiple
times in a row we are going to be trying
the Chi shadow I first of all I'm
actually excited or kind of embarrassed
to say that I like the Kylie Jenner lip
kit lie listen I'm not a queer does she
stay in I don't understand why they're
so famous I don't understand how Kylie
went from one phase to another face but
either way for some reason I keep giving
this bitch my money and I can't stop so
I am it curious to see how this goes the
Kylie Jenner lip kit actually worked
really well and I'm curious if this is
going to be as good my god it's such a
guru hold on let me do an unboxing so
out that mouth pop so as you can see
this is how it looks
Kylie cut oh you see her little blinking
eye by the way what if this is fake I
got this on eBay like what is some other
fucker made is it his garage and charge
me $100 for it whatever so that's that
it also says pressed powder eyeshadow
and then there's some fucking other
language that I can't read then on the
back it says Kylie with a little EXO EXO
do you think she wrote that probably not
she probably can't write because her
dogs are covering her hands seriously
somebody help her so this is the bronze
palette I don't know what that means
okay so let's just open this up
benkei fucking open already oh there we
go
we're just gonna slip this out oh my god
sorry they'll scare the shit out of me
what the fuck that's a horror movie
poster that's the brain the garage the
Jenners okay so that's the front you see
her fucking scary ass eyes dripping out
fucking blood okay so then on the back
it says Kylie again and then it says the
names of the colors now the colors are
Jasper quartz taupe at these are not
words her my tt auspey did the bitch was
just hitting her keyboard with her
fingers she was probably letting her
dogs do it science trying go this die
now she's just fucking with me at this
point okay let's just open this up and
that hold on I'm gonna good room but
don't these have mirrors in them this
doesn't right
like to see what you're doing I paid
$100 it's Kylie granted I don't think
they're actually $100 I think I just got
scammed but either way little mirror
girl come on
but I'm not gonna knock it I haven't
tried it yet so here you have the
fucking name of the girl who took your
money right here and then down here you
have all the colors and they all look
like something you'd wear to a funeral
but a funeral where you're like trying
to get bite you know what I need like
maybe the girl who died had a boyfriend
who's like sad you know you're just
trying to fuck and that's the palette
okay so let's do our look now I saw a
video where Kylie did this and she like
used all of them so I'm gonna do that
too because like if Kylie I can do it so
can i also really quick I like that this
came with like a little condom like a
little eye shadow condom cuz like you
know you get pinkeye from these makeup
is the leading source of pinkeye anyways
so let's zoom in yuck
so I feel like my eyes are kind of like
a spring and in autumn and I don't know
just a month with lettering it's like a
lot of wetness a lot of sad sad tears so
kind of like a December because that's
the month that you broke up with the
girl you're in love with for four years
and then when you think about it you
just cry yeah okay so we're gonna do
that one okay so we're gonna start with
the new
right here which is just gonna be really
subtle and you're probably nine you'll
see it oh my god I'm a clown
this is not that a little but that's
okay that's fine we're just gonna look
like a fucking clown
going to a funeral try and get them okay
that's insane okay now we're going to
move on to this color which was the
court the only thing I know about courts
is the measurement of ice cream angley
kid and I eat it alone cuz I'm alone
okay look here come to tears okay okay
so that courts blended pretty nicely now
we're just gonna go to this color which
is Jasper or no topaz I don't know some
name of some girls a bitch we're just
gonna put that right here in the end
isn't that beautiful
oh my god what a fucking sad drag queen
okay now we're going to go to the bottom
this is gold stone which is kind of like
in a sitcom and they can't say cold
stones this in gold stone and you say we
see you bitch
you're talking about on stone but like
when they can't say dr. pepper so they
say dr. fizz do you think we're fucking
stupid we know you're talking about
we're like on iCarly when the back of
her computer has a little pair on it
bitch we know that's an apple you're not
fooling anybody Carly okay now we're
gonna go to sit trying and that's just
going to be the center of our eye oh
that's fucking awful okay we're just
gonna
oh my god it's as if somebody was
burning to death and I was the last
person they saw and they grabbed my face
for safety and then I said no bitch I'm
not helping you and I ripped their hand
off and then it left their little ashes
so that's sweet okay this color is
called tiger eye I love that it doesn't
really mean anything I've never actually
seen a tiger in real life because I'm
not a fucking Kardashian who has fucking
circus animals running around their huge
house because they're so fucking rich
even though my dream is to one day have
a giraffe that'll never happen
about a fucking Kris Jenner okay and
this next color is hematite hammer I
doesn't fucking matter anyways we're all
gonna die soon okay we're just gonna
moved up there that's blending pretty
nicely this is all just looking like
just like a really sad sad dead person
who the morgue is like trying to make
pretty but like they just can so the
middle is bronze tight so I don't know
what that means I'm just gonna like put
on my whole eye and just like hope it
works so there's that and this last
color is absurd I mean which is just
black just a fancy way of saying black
but like you know she's too cool to just
say black so she has to come up with a
fucking word and makes does it okay so
we're just gonna put that on the sides
and now the last step is to just fucking
blend them all together like that okay
so now we're just going to see if we
look like Kylie so let's just do a
little side-by-side nope I look like
trash um no this is obviously not a
gimmick I don't fuck you gotta do I
shadow but I shall don't listen honestly
I'm gonna give a real review because I'm
qualified to do that
it feels good like it feels good it's
like I've used a lot of makeup in videos
before it's like saw it's not like
chalky or like weird I don't know I mean
I'm not a girl not that it matters
gender roles be whatever you want um but
like I wouldn't use this cuz I don't use
makeup but I would use it the video and
that's what I just did
you're welcome Kylie not that you needed
it because I already gave you my money
damn it
blorgons gomez we try not to Kylie I get
what is it called Chi shadow god I hate
that that's such a good name fuck why
can't my name do anything like that like
if I had a chapstick line which would be
everything does they use chapstick every
day like what would I call it like chap
Shan changed it da stick damn it
well guess we'll never be an empire all
rise yeah I mean a hold on let me get a
bigger self let me actually like put
some of my eye and like not do it as a
joke and see if it looks good okay it's
not coming off
I mean it's permanent like this is my
fucking look it used to it ah damn it oh
okay here comes now Oh so let's just do
a really quick look on this eye and then
I'm gonna post a picture and see what
you guys think so I like the black one
or sorry that's the day I'm squeezed up
okay that was me trying to be better
like that was me being like okay this
one's gonna be fucking really good
alright and I'm gonna use a little bit
of this orange one just like some
Halloween realness I kind of like that
okay let's take a picture see what you
guys think okay so I posted a picture of
my look and I asked you guys to give me
one word to describe it okay you guys
said abuse to real fucked right
catastrophic that's a very big word for
how gross I look dead inside true but
that's two words so you lose sure got a
whole shock thing that's hanging over it
gets me every time every time I tweet
something and then you guys post a
fucking picture of mr. krabs going her I
die actual death Trisha paint us before
Fame hahaha oh my god I'm healthy Kai
amazing well now no guys there you go
that was me trying the Chi shadows and I
give it a 10 out of 10 because I'm not a
habit hater but I'm not gonna lie it's
nice whatever fuck it no this is not
sponsored she just took my money ran all
right so hopefully you'll join me trying
out the cash out I'll make sure to give
this video a thumbs up if you did it
also subscribe right down below to my
channel because I make new videos every
single bit and if you want to see the
video of me trying the Kylie Jenner lip
kit I'll put that link in the
description right at the top alright I
will see you little guy shadows tomorrow
bye
I like ruining things I love so I don't
love them anymore don't worry I'll write
a self-help book it'll be called it
treat your friends like you drink your
Taco Bell chew em up and shit them out
