this is my everything having to be guys
yes I'm so fucking excited i have pretty
much every item from the talked about
menu that i'm obsessed with and i'm
going to be putting it all in a blender
and destroying it i like ruining things
I love so I don't love them anymore
don't worry I'll write a self-help book
it'll be called then treat your friends
like you drink your Taco Bell chew him
up and shit him out so you guys have
been requesting this you want me to make
the Taco Bell milkshake I don't know why
the McDonald's milkshake look like vomit
maybe you guys have a vomit addition I'm
not here to judge you
I'm here to support you and give you
what you want so how much drinks a buck
now I don't really know where to start
because there's like so many options and
I'm not gonna lie I've already eaten a
little bit of each I love you pretend
like I didn't but there's no way to show
you guys this Mexican pizza and be like
it just get it like this yeah I don't
know I guess the chef just got creative
with it and you know made it into art
yeah I know I fucked that up before I
turn on again and then I was gonna be
like oh I didn't even try this case
burrito and then I just wasn't gonna
show you that yeah that's right I ate it
out in the middle cuz that's a real
mother folks do we don't bite off the
end like a human we're biting the center
of it like a damn dog okay so let's
start the milkshake I'm gonna open up
the blender which by the way smells I
have washed it five times it still
smells I just don't think it's made for
this like I feel like on the box with a
blender it's like smoothies green juice
it doesn't say
Shane's fucked up crazy weird YouTube
light but he really needs to get fixed
for some reason it doesn't say that who
cares
okay so first we're gonna start with the
Mexican pizza because um well there's
not much left anyways so I'm just gonna
take a nice piece of that my god it's so
fucking good okay Mexican pizza I know
I've already done this ranch that's sad
that I've already done this room
long story short Mex Ibiza is bomb it
does not get enough credit it is
everything people are always like blue
can I get a chalupa who's gonna get it
talk about what about the Mexican pizza
she's all of that combined she's
literally a burrito at Taco a quesarito
she's everything okay one more bite this
is why I can't have abs I will never
have abs because of this and I'm okay
with it but in the blender
no next I was thinking it would be fun
if the milkshake had like extra
like as you're drinking it like you're
choking on little morsels of crunch
because i thoughtwe it might actually
kill you while you're drinking it and
that might be a good thing so I have the
nachos and the nacho cheese which by the
way not a huge fan of um I did eat some
of it so I guess I'm loving but I don't
know like I like nachos that are already
made I don't like to do it myself
like I'm not a DIY or when it comes to
my food I'm more of a DIY are you only
give me one of these I asked for five in
the line there of course we gotta pour
some cheese in there which is half-eaten
oops oh yeah
now next I just wanted to do something
like simple but I also wanted something
zesty and I also want to put a little
bit of myself into this which is why I
have the cool ranch Dorito taco if you
don't remember I used to be the
spokesperson for it
yeah okay I was only the commercial for
like one second most people thought I
was a woman but whatever still proud of
my accomplishments oh my god I haven't
had one of these since the commercials
yes it's good can you imagine if that
was the commercial hi I'm Shane Dawson
is good trust me
ah hi I just I'm not a fair I'm a fan of
Taco Bell like I'm a Stan we already
know this but like this is a misstep and
talk about one easy condition together
but we're still going to add it to the
collection now you guys have been
begging me to try these I've already
tried these in a video these are the sin
of ice and pretty sure I try these in a
video if not I'd probably just tried
them in my car at 1 a.m. on a Monday
night cuz that's my life but let's try
it again yeah these are the ones I tried
and I was mad about it because you're
not filled hello how are you gonna give
me this little ball and now put some goo
in it alcohol with no goo in it
that's not a life worth living my second
self-help book
all right let's put one of those in
there okay I don't know what this is it
looks like a taco but it's very thick ha
ha ha ha y'all caught me lying again
that's a good buy oh fuck how's your
pretend like I didn't maybe like don't
know what this is it's like think it's
like crazy what is it now bitch I'll
take a fight I know what it is it's a
double decker it is Bob it's so good
it's a taco wrapped in a burrito I don't
even know they don't even have this on
the menu anymore you got to like go in
there like real secretive you got to be
like yo can I get the double decker yeah
you got the password yeah it's damn why
am i talk about 3 a.m. on a Monday again
I should probably get on some kind of a
fitness routine maybe a healthy diet
maybe you don't lean cuisine or you know
something with nutritional value in it
yeah that's not the password and also
damn you're sad cool thanks but some of
that is there now I got the siesta salad
because I feel like I need a little
something healthy in our Taco Bell
milkshake am i healthy I mean not even a
salad actually the most unhealthy thing
on the menu
it's a deep-fried fucking bowl with
beans rice on the bottom meat cheese
sour cream and these little
motherfuckers which are in life these
are all though sorry chief no bite of
this because this is good this gives me
so many memories I think I've already
told this story I used to get this every
week after my weight watch meeting when
I was kid like if I lost the pound if I
gained a pound honestly it didn't matter
I was just going to the weight watch
meeting so I'm going to talk about
afterbirth and I'll get this and about
five other things but this was the first
thing I need it's so long okay sorry
back in the video a little bit of that
in there right oh my god I forgot I have
this look one trip supreme now I'm mixed
feelings on this like I get it but it's
missing something I don't know what it's
missing like maybe it's missing like
more beans I just feel like it's very
dry that things that I'm still gonna
take a big bite of it right now and
probably eat the rest later
oh by the way what is happening look
look
when you rip it in half like that ooh
and you sell the insides it doesn't kind
of well this is just turned into a video
of me at night eating Taco Bell this is
very sad I don't care it's good all
right let's put it in there now of
course I gotta put a little bit in case
of Rito in there I've already tested it
it's very good I don't know who thought
of this idea but they need to be
promoted although I did hear there's a
new cheeto burrito coming around and if
it's the same motherfucker who thought
it was this he needs to be fired that's
the grossest thing I've ever heard in my
life Taco Bell listens to me that's the
grossest thing I've ever heard of in my
entire life and that's coming from me
the idea of a cheeto inside of a burrito
makes you want to die like the crunch
mixed with like the soft or the tortilla
then you get the concept cheer gonna be
like biting into a mitten and f finger
isn't it like I like my mittens and I
like my fingers I don't like them
together that makes no sense that's been
in the blender
oh the Big Daddy oh my boy pornographic
whatever just happened well this is the
grill stuff beef burritos you know that
she's doing with her life
oh my god just look at her doesn't she
look just like her dee dee oh my god I
just you hear that fucked up my jaw you
heard that fuck up my jaw I don't even
care cuz I love her oh my god oh that
was very real I'm sorry oh god I hope
mom is watching look like you made mom
oh my god wakka moly though welcome oh
oh you see that see that haha fuck me I
put me up on me I'm okay where do I got
the last am I done yet
nope one last thing is just the simple
plain taco I feel like we need that like
it's a classic you know I feel like if
we didn't have that like what are you
doing with your life that's like
bringing back all the Disney Channel
original movies and living outbreak like
Netflix what the fuck are you doing with
your life bring my drink
I don't need Zenon I'm not here for her
I'm here for Eric lund even if you don't
know who that is google him actually
google him he might be dead I don't know
because if he's dead then I'm gonna have
to emotionally eat and I got the food
ready I ride with that in there
we've got me sweet that little baby haha
you're gonna see that in you all right
now I'm gonna haha
this one says life is short make it
saucy I don't like how they're coming
for my self-help book titles that's my
thing talk about this one just says call
your mom no I'm not going to if I called
my mom right now she said what's she
doing honey and I told her yeah that's a
5150 and I'm gonna be in a mental
hospital
put a little mild in there now we need
the liquid now I was doing your ice
cream and I'm like no that's boring like
who wants ice cream in their chocolate
milkshakes and that just make any sense
so instead I got a bomb blast freeze now
I never had this before probably give it
a little try first that came out hi I'm
your idol be like me when you grow up
all right huh I hate that I hate this
Taco Bell I hate this I like it I don't
like it one day we're gonna put it in
anyway because I don't have a backup
option let's get a close-up Oh YUM all
right here we go
oh why oh no it's gonna be green oh I
didn't sign up for this oh no all right
let me get the cover okay hmm that looks
like something they would sell at Burger
King when like the whole movie comes out
or like Ghostbusters and Melissa
McCarthy is like well shit get this it's
so good I don't believe you Melissa this
doesn't look good how am I supposed to
trust you after Tammy you did with me
back with spy though all right here we
go
one two three
oh my god what the fuck have I just done
oh wow oh fuck let me throw up
oh my actually my throw up alright let's
pour it huh oh I'm getting flashbacks of
a bad time in my life if you want to
read about it check out my book it gets
worse the chapters called word vomit
it's about bulimia anyway it's back to
milkshake Oh guys oh I'm mad at myself
oh god I'm really mad at myself
we need to talk this off to make a
little prettier so I want to put the
taco on top that feel like that might
make it look a little more appetizing
and a little less like something I found
in the toilet right here we go
nope still the grossest thing I've ever
seen in my life Oh God alright let's get
a straw off oh god oh god it's dripping
oh god it's dripping okay so for my
birthday my friend got me these crazy
straw glasses and he goes please use
these in your next milkshake video and
he said it kind of as a joke well guess
what I'm doing it yeah that's right I'm
28 take a moment to let that sink in
okay here we go I'm just going to tell
you but one side of my mouth oh it's
dripping pill God but one jar mmm oh God
alright it just worked
it's really hard it's so thick Chuck
Chuck hmm
my neighbors probably think I'm having
really good sex right now and then if
they saw what was actually happening
yeah that's not good
oh my straw came out lol mmm oh it's up
close oh my god oh hi come on Oh God oh
my I wanted it to come really bad and I
didn't you this is my cry for help
everyone this is help oh my official
review is I'm gonna pops out right now
and the police are gonna find me dead
next to this cause of death YouTube
hey guys go hopefully enjoyed watching
me do whatever the fuck I just did to
give this video thumbs up if you want
more milk check videos and also leave me
a comment letting me know what kind of
chick you want let's make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down there
because I make new videos every single
day and if you want to see more videos
of me making weird milkshakes at a fast
food or weird items I'll put a link to a
playlist right below in the description
alright I'll see you a little milkshakes
tomorrow bye I mean think about it
Google Maps can only show you so much it
shows you the outside of buildings it
shows you streets Pokemon go can show
you the inside of your own bedroom and
that's pretty scary
