have you guys yes it is currently
midnight and I'm very sick and on a lot
of dayquil so you know today's video is
going to be a bad idea so a couple weeks
ago I did a video where I bought views
and likes online and that was insane I
was trying to think like what's the next
weirdest thing I can do on the internet
and then I remembered that when I was a
kid I used to hear stories of people
selling like weird celebrity items on
eBay like Britney Spears sweat or
Michael Jackson spit or Oprah's tissue I
would eat that so then I was like okay
what could I sell that would be grosser
than that and then I thought what if I
sold a pair of my old underwear now
listen it no way this is legal I don't
think anybody's gonna actually want my
underwear but I'm just curious like what
if somebody does and what does that mean
so here we go let's sell my under on
eBay
tell us what you're selling okay Shane
Dawson's underwear oh my god it's
working ah how are people gonna find
this like are they gonna have to search
Shane Dawson's underwear because
nobody's doing that all right let's see
category woman's clothing I didn't even
put that it literally saw my underwear
and was like that's a big ol bitch
alright accurate conditioned pre-owned
condition description vary in all caps
used okay
add photos alright let's go get my
underwear okay where are they oh okay
you know what I think wanna do my
signature neon yellow undies I don't
know what you're thinking Shane do you
wear those sadly yes okay lay them out
here Wow that crotch pouch is way too
big all right let me take a picture and
got it also I just want to investigate
like are they actually poopy oh my god
Wow no skid marks nevermind what is my
life okay so let me just upload that
file
this is a highlight of my career I'm so
glad you guys are here for this okay
brand American Eagle not sponsored style
yellow size let's sleep regular a
woman's large ooh item description are
you a fan of Shane Dawson well you're in
luck I'm him and I'm selling my
underwear to anyone that wants them
monetization on youtube right now is not
great and brand deals hasn't been coming
in as much as they used it so let's try
and sell some underwear
thanks squad Shane okay auction style
one day it'll be fast
starting price one cent which is too
much okay no returns
if you buy these you gotta keep them all
right list item and oh my god I thought
it was gonna be like not approved oh my
god well here we go Shane Dawson's
underwear pre-owned very used 23 hours
and 58 minutes one set there's the
description oh my god it's all here
Twitter what's happening I don't know
hey guys so I might be selling my
underwear on eBay and it might be for a
video for not what is my life all cats
and there's the link and tweet oh my god
is live we're live wait wait what
wait there's a bid one bid Jess does one
set she was like yeah that's what it's
worth
alright we're a business ok let's see
yeah let's go back to the homepage oh my
god $300 $350 20 minutes
this is not real my heart is racing I'm
just not even the dayquil that I drank
half of what does this mean are these
real or is this real money do people
know this is real oh my god I'm actually
shaking cuz I don't I don't understand
what's happening
$12,000 my knees are buckling I
literally think if I pass out this can't
be real oh my god okay 56 bits loops USA
this is a person this is real what the
hell is happening okay
it's a few minutes later I just diarrhea
I'm feeling so many things last time we
looked it was it 12700 and let's see
what's it now I can actually cry like
that's how insane I feel and sick I
can't do this do I delete this okay I'm
getting a lot of messages on eBay let's
read some of them oh my god Shane what
are you doing I don't know sorry good
afternoon I have a question about the
underwear why are they so expensive let
me reply these expensive these is red
bottoms these is a lot of the underwear
I'm hip and young I love my teen
references okay I want to tweet like but
I don't know what's going on guys I
don't know how a bay works and I'm
scared
our people actually bidding that much
money for my underwear I don't want to
go to jail I did not think this was
gonna go this way I thought if anything
he Bay was gonna contact me and say you
think canceled I I just I just feel so
shut
okay let's read some of the Twitter
responses get that coin sis you should
quit YouTube and just sell your
underwear at this point yes I agree okay
I think I'm gonna DM eBay and just be
like hey is this real what does this
mean I don't want anybody to go broke
for this okay there we go hey guys I
have a pretty serious issue up in
someone else okay I need I need to text
like eight people I need to tell my
family I'm selling my underwear at eBay
so they hear from me first
I don't want them to think I'm having a
breakdown I mean am i okay let's refresh
and see what it's not last time it was a
fifteen thousand seven hundred I think
and underwear wig has been snatched
twenty thousand this is actually making
me angry people work so hard doctors
lawyers teachers and you're telling me
that all we have to do is have a damn
youtuber sell their underwear ten emojos
underwear collection could fund the
world oh my god
eighty four bitters okay who is this
whole kook literally my underwear
oh my god this is a real person they
have reviews good buyer prompt payment
yeah send to my PayPal great
communication and love that hi why are
you buying my poopy underwear I don't
know here's $20,000 I need to go to bed
it is now late I feel like I'm in a
nightmare
and I also don't know what to do I can't
keep this money I'll give it to charity
if it's real I don't know if it's real
I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna drink the
rest of this and I will see you guys in
the morning
see you later Chiho it's the next
morning are you excited to see how much
daddy's underwear is going for an eBay
no maybe I should put you on eBay he's
like I'd love that okay yes it is next
morning I have not
since last night I'm very nervous here
we go and oh my god
thirty thousand dollars
this is insane okay ninety four bits
who's the highest fizz Mar in Fiji okay
you know my underwear I've never been to
Fiji they've never even been in your
Beach I mean my underwears used to
wetness know and I want to see I don't
know what to do you know what last night
I direct messaged eBay and asked them if
this is real or not let's see if they're
Rebecca oh they wrote back hey Shane we
appreciate your concerns and that you're
reaching us here if you want to list
items in the future of la blah blah blah
blah okay this seems like a very like
cut and paste response and then it just
ends with AHA that might be like an
initial for something but it looks like
they're just laughing at me I don't know
what to do
I wonder if anybody's talking about this
come on Twitter moment come on Twitter
moment oh damn it
oh well I guess I just have to die no
there's nothing now that I was doing it
for attention by Charlie puth did write
that song about me even Shane Dawson
underwear come on next Monday come on
missing Monday nothing
okay just people saying I'm crazy when
chicken costumes use underwear or more
than your car no yeah I've made it okay
so there's 12 hours left of this auction
I mean I guess I'll just let it happen
okay here's a plan in 12 hours I will
come back and right before the auctions
over I will decide whether or not I want
to cancel this or collect my coin
actually know what before that I should
get my mom's reaction to this I'm gonna
call her
okay come on I'm filming a video right
now and I just wanted to let you know
that I might have put my used underwear
on eBay and so far the bidding is up to
thirty thousand dollars yes and poop
stains for sure and a little bit of
blood I get my hemorrhoids from you oh
yes check out messy Monday's so give me
an official prediction by the end of the
twelve hours how much do you think
they'll be up to it's been up for 12
hours alright well if this happens you
know I'll put your check in the mail
you made my pile alright I'll see you
guys in 12 hours oh gosh okay
I know I said I was gonna wait 12 hours
and it's only been like three flat
I took a sneak peek and oh okay
Rylands on his way home from the gym he
should be home any minute I'm gonna show
him at the same time I'm gonna show you
because I know later they can't even
speak hi I'm surprised for you Oh God so
remember how last night when you're
asleep I put my underwear for sale and
eBay want to come see what the total is
so far pay for a nice something for me
with it um I could definitely pay for or
something all right close your eyes and
look what what she this is a prank are
you kidding me okay I don't know what
I'm gonna do I talked to eBay they said
it's real I don't know what to do I
can't keep this money obviously I think
it's a charity right I don't know well
do you think it's some little kid with
big daddy's credit card and he's gonna
get a lot of trouble no I think it's a
big Daddy watch my underwear no I
actually have no idea but literally it's
about to hit a hundred I mean they're
gonna give their minds worth because
honestly you've worn these for seven
years yeah they're also gonna catch
something we still have 11 hours left
okay so in 11 hours you're gonna have to
stay up I know you want to go to bed
early but you're gonna stay up we're
gonna the final reveal of how much money
we're making and decide whether or not
we're actually gonna keep it or just
delete it all right see you guys in 11
hours guys okay it is a couple hours
later and I just got an email from
somebody at eBay it's saying that they
need to talk to me about my post and
that it's serious I have no idea what
they're talking about what could ever be
wrong with me selling used underwear on
the internet for a hundred thousand it's
oh my god I'm gonna go to jail will you
guys come visit me it'll be like VidCon
behind bars okay she said she's gonna
call in a minute I'm so scared hello yes
yeah so this you're not allowed to sell
underwear thank you for being really
nice about it I mean it started as a
joke and then it just turned into like
oh my god what no worries thank you so
much no I guess you can't sell underwear
on eBay
here on the website yeah it clearly says
used clothing except for underwear can
be listed on eBay so you're not allowed
to and then here it has a list of things
you're not allowed to sell boxer-briefs
g-strings thongs well there goes my
thong so now I have to delete the pulse
I got some bad news
Wow I have to cancel it no this is
funding my dreams I guess you can't sell
used underwear on eBay
I think we can find another server
another platform to sell your underwear
Oh Craigslist okay here we go wait
you're gonna delete it willingly why
don't you at least like see if they come
for you I'm not actually trying to go to
jail I'm saying like let it and see if
you get paid no I'm not going to jail
for my dirty shitty underwear we're
deleting this right now ready you're a
better person than me okay all right one
two oh my god I said pay for my sister's
College I can't stop thinking about all
the things I would have got with that
money
now I'm just kidding I probably would
have given it to charity all right here
we go cancel okay
wait what your list can't be ended early
if there are bids on it
wait what I don't know what to do oh my
god I think you can do it okay I'll talk
to you guys later I got to figure this
out okay it's a little while later I
talked to eBay they said they were going
to remove the post so I'm going to
refresh the page and it should be gone
here we go for charity no in all
obviously I'm glad that didn't work out
because what if it was a kid who was on
like their parents credit card and the
parents didn't know and then they go
bankrupt and it's my fault there's just
too much risk but this got me thinking
like what if I put something not illegal
on eBay for charity maybe my green shirt
the one I burned maybe you know what he
wants to leave I don't know let me know
down the comments what I should put on
eBay and what charity you think I should
do it for do you want to find a new home
for charity I'd you guys hopefully you
enjoyed this video make sure to give it
a thumbs up and subscribe hit the
notification about because I think new
videos every day also if you like me
doing these weird Internet experiments
give me a thumbs up so I know I kind of
want to try to be a webcam girl just for
a night could be a webcam couple people
pay us to stop all right you guys I'm
gonna go me and my hundred thousand
dollar underwear are gonna have
ourselves a party buddy
