hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about more
conspiracy theories now first conspiracy
theory is about a game that all of you
guys have been playing I haven't because
it involves leaving the couch and I
don't do that and that is the game
pokemons go
so pokemons go has taken over the world
everybody's playing it on their phones
they're running around town trying to
search for different pokemons and it all
seems harmless and fun but is it there
have been a few conspiracy theories that
have come out about the game and I'm
going to break them down for you and the
first one involves the CIA so the theory
goes that the game was actually created
to help the CIA learn where everybody is
at all times and because the person
playing the game is walking around their
house or their place of work it's also
collecting all of that information and
creating pretty much a map of every part
of your life so basically you play the
game and Pokemon go can know exactly
where you are at all times I mean think
about it Google Maps can only show you
so much it shows you the outside of
buildings it shows you streets Pokemon
go can show you the inside of your own
bedroom that's pretty scary the next
theory is that Pokemon Go is created so
that phone companies could get all of
your money so not only does Pokemon go
completely kill your battery but it
takes out pretty much all of your data
so some theorists think that maybe ATT
your Sprint or Verizon all got together
and said hey we helped fund this game it
will force all of our users to have to
pay for extra data and then we'll all
make money but that's not the only
theory that involves taking all of your
money this next one actually makes a lot
of sense so the company that built
Pokemon Go built another game before
this the game was called ingress and
back in 2014 the company said that
basically the whole point of the game
was to get the users to go to different
retailers and buy stuff it was a game
basically to get people to spend money
well that game didn't work out the
Pokemon go came along two years later
and now everybody's going everywhere
going into Starbucks going into the mall
going into all the different retailers
playing Pokemon go and also spending
money I mean it's pretty smart though I
bet Starbucks could probably pay
millions of dollars to get Pokemon go to
force all of their game players to go to
Starbucks and find a Pokemon but they
have to buy the Frappuccino it's really
fucking genius and also kind of scary
now the next theory freaked so many
people out that it actually is forcing
the game to possibly be banned in China
and that's the theory that Japan and the
US have been secretly working together
on this game and the point was so that
the game would be played in China and
they could find where secret military
bases were hidden and how they would do
that is if somebody's playing in China
it'll tell them where they can't go
it'll say oh there's a poky stop here
here and here
but you can't go here and you can't go
eat well that would let the u.s. and
Japan know oh why can't you go there
there must be something secret that must
be where their weapons are with our
secret military base very scary and this
theory made so much sense that it
actually freaked out the people of China
and this game is still not being played
there yet I don't know seems believable
to me there's also a theory that the
game was created to help people lose
weight I don't think that's a theory I
think that's very real I mean it's
literally forcing people to leave the
couch and usually nothing can do that
for people I mean it didn't work for me
now moving on to a different app that
everybody uses snapchat now this theory
actually makes a lot of sense and I
thought about it back when they first
started doing all those like face
filters and that is a theory that every
time you get your face scan by snapchat
it's actually going to the FBI now as
you know the FBI has facial recognition
and basically anybody that's ever
committed a crime or into prison their
face is scanned and the FBI can
basically like find them anywhere in the
world there's security cameras through
Google Maps all about but the FBI hadn't
been able to figure out how to get the
faces of everybody not just criminals
and that's when they went to snapchat
said hey what if you did a filter that
scanned the person's face and put some
stupid dog ears on it your audience
could have a stupid dog your photo we
could have their face the rapper b.o.b
who we've talked about before because he
loves conspiracy theories actually
tweeted about this and he said when you
realize all the snapchat filters are
really building a facial recognition
database I don't know it makes
to me I mean the way it scans your face
completely literally looks like
something out of a spy movie and to get
even crazier think about it this way you
know those filters that make you look
like an old person what if that's the
FBI's way of seeing what you're going to
look like in 30 years boom
so our next conspiracy theory is
something that we've talked about before
and that was a Donald Trump actually was
running for president because he wanted
Hillary to win now we talked about this
months ago so let me kind of refresh
your memory theory goes that Donald
Trump is friends with Hillary Clinton
which is true he's known her forever he
used to put money into her campaigns
he's not in a Republican he's always
been a Democrat so supposedly him and
Hillary got together a while ago and
said okay here's the plan
all run against you I'll do the worst
campaign ever I'll be crazy racist and
this and that nobody will vote for me
they'll all vote for you and then you'll
win and then I'll get more famous to win
win now that was just a theory
until recently a former member of Donald
Trump's presidential campaign came out
with an open letter talking about what
she saw her name is Stephanie cholesky
and she wrote this letter about working
from almost a year ago I was recruited
for my public relations and public
policy expertise i sat in Trump Tower
being told that the goal was to get the
Donald to pull in double digits and come
in second in delegate count that was it
the Trump camp would have been satisfied
to see him polling at 12% and taking
second place to a candidate who might
hold 50% his candidacy was a protest
candidacy now protest candidacy
basically means the person running for
president doesn't actually care about
winning they don't really want to
they're running for an ulterior motive
so she pretty much just admitted the
theory that he was running not to win
but in the letter she also explained
that she thinks that that's how it
started but then Donald realized he
could actually win and he was like well
fuck the plan I'm gonna try to win this
shit and not because he actually wants
to be the president because he just
wants to be the most famous person or I
don't even know if that's a conspiracy
theory that just kind of sounds like the
truth but once again I'm not the
politics I'm a fucking no I don't care
don't come at me if you're a Republican
or Democrat
what I am all I know is all this shit
see it was pretty fucking creepy
now our next theory involves cloning
which we talked about before and this is
about a rapper and Gucci Mane on May
13th of 2014 gucci was put in prison for
possession of a weapon by a criminal it
was released a couple years later and
when he came out of jail everybody
started wondering if that was really him
so here's what people were pointing out
before he went to jail he had a huge ice
cream cone tattooed on the side of his
face after jail it was gone he also
physically look completely different he
supposedly lost 50 pounds
this is him before and this is him after
I mean who is that you what I mean like
that's a completely different person
then people started noticing the way he
was speaking and that his voice was kind
of different than it was before jail
check out this clip of him before he was
in prison I'm sure my LeFleur knows a
flirt - Lisa's little male that's this
Junior okay now watch this clip after he
was released from jail check it out so
there was like really the turning point
you know saying the day I went to jail
like I I said okay listen I'm gonna make
this made me better see I mean that's
very different those are two completely
different sounding people well this
whole thing started to go viral the
rapper b.o.b once again was tweeting
about it a lot of people in the news
started talking about it everybody was
wondering is he a clone and supposedly
when he was in jail he was stabbed by
another inmate and he survived but some
people are saying from inside the jail
and he didn't survive and they saw him
die and that's what people started
saying wait a minute if he died but if
this is a clone and what if the
government or the Illuminati wanted him
to come back as a different person once
this all started going viral Gucci
decided to go to a snapchat and address
it and he said this new shoes was you
know I'm willing to
listen I know it sounds like he's joking
he's like I can't confirm it I can
tonight haha but part of me is like if
it's not true just say it's not true
like if somebody said I was a clone I'd
be like no that's not fucking true maybe
if you are clone you're not allowed to
admit it or maybe you're not even
allowed to deny it so maybe he was maybe
a look like a joke but in reality he's
like fuck I can't really say I don't
know it's definitely probably not real
and definitely a stupid conspiracy
theory but there's something very off
about it now next we're going to be
doing an update my last conspiracy
theory video we talked about the YouTube
channel the wonderful world of zoe now
if you don't remember basically the
wonderful world of Zoe was a YouTube
channel starring a girl Zoe she would
talk about her life and she was a
vlogger and she was a teenager well then
we found out that she actually wasn't
she was an actress and the channel was
created by a company that wanted to sell
stuff to kids well then the girl that
played Zoe left and they hired another
actress her name supposedly was Olivia
but we really didn't know that we didn't
even know if she's a real teenager or
she was an actress and this story got
really really insane please check out
the link down there to my last video
because it's too much to recap basically
there was a YouTube channel where the
star of it was fake so after I put up
the video I found Olivia Marie on
Twitter she was tweeting about it she
was tweeting things about wanting to
tell her side of the story and that
there's a lot of stuff that we really
don't know so I decided we should do a
Skype interview so here it is my
interview with olivia marie check it out
okay so olivia you saw my video and now
we are going to finally get the truth
from you what the fuck is going on with
the wonderful world of zoe okay so i was
17 at the time and the network
contacting me cuz I wasn't sent any
networks at the time and it was
thoughtful I'd never heard of them
before
so they explained the situation to me
and basically what happened was she was
a paid actress they gave her scripts
they had the studio there they said here
you go be this person and she says great
awesome
she quit when her contract came up she
didn't renew our contract and they had a
contest
just by the new Zoey which was rapists
heck because they just contacted me and
I have never heard this channel and
never heard of this network but I was a
brunette girl who kind of sort of could
match that style and the actual
appearance of her in thumbnails which is
why they came to me I strongly believe
that the views were bought because ii
thought i took over like they plummeted
in a way that like even like the daily
grace channels that is them switched
over to whoever's running it now hasn't
seemed like it was either instantaneous
that can only be if it was like
something was off there so then what
happened now did you you quit i signed a
two-year contract
wagga dummy don't do that kids and i
basically had a breakdown of like
different personal reasons and i
explained it to them i was like but the
fuse are down anyway like subscriber to
watch ratio it's so poor like I'm
getting better views on my channel was
like I thought that subscribers if
that's not okay so okay we've because I
don't feel fit enough to be on this
channel anymore they said yeah sure and
did you ever talk to the actress men
Kennedy no I wish I had but I never did
I found out that she had done like other
videos with people I knew in the YouTube
community though and now she is just
kind of like disappeared into the great
beyond well it's very interesting and
now it's your turn and your time to spin
it and promote your new channel what's
your new channel miss Olivia Murray just
MS logo a marine or youtube.com slash
Olivia Marie gets that great alert yeah
well everybody should go follow her
there and watch a bit
and she's not a fake person she's a real
person I am NOT an actress I just go to
school and I have a dog and this is not
a studio or is it no it's ah there you
go we were right the wonderful world of
Zoe was fake it was an actress Olivia
was just a girl that got sucked up into
it and now we can't find them
keep looking all right you guys those
are all the conspiracy theories for
today hopefully you enjoy them you want
me to do more of these conspiracies
please leave me a thumbs up so I know
and also subscribe right down below to
my channel because I make new videos
every day and if you want to see more my
conspiracy theory videos I will put a
link to a playlist write the description
below aren't you little conspiracy
theorists I will see you tomorrow don't
believe everything you see oh the only
reason he has to dance is that chucky
cheese is having a half of sale on pizza
on Friday night
