hey guys we just did a podcast with
Chris and chance and how was it
extremely scary um we talked about porn
I made him sing I was like oh you know
you should sing and he's like paparazzi
and I'm like no sing squirting check out
the show but the link down there son
climbed a couple of friends hey zip you
guys yes I know do you think when you
look at me wow Shane that's the guy
that's had every type of doughnut of the
world and you would be right almost I
have been inside of a token doughnuts I
think I might have taken a bite of one
at one point my life but I have never
tried the full variety of what they have
to offer like I took around I got the
first kids but you know I never got
handjob definitely didn't get a blowjob
at first sure knowing so I'm excited to
take this bitch out and fuck her up what
are they talking about oh yeah
doughnuts no I'm excited I have not
tried all of these and today I'm going
to and not only did I get this I mean
look at that
that's a instagrammy what would the
caption be oh my got it so many holes
and only one dick oh I can't wait to get
my instagramming it'll probably never
come just like my Teen Choice Awards
anyways okay so I feel like I should
start with like the classics so I'm just
going to start with the straight of
chocolate sprinkled donut now they can't
fuck this up let's take a bite all right
here we go ah it's fine it's okay it's
not like the best thing in the world
it's not awful it's my career next on it
okay I have no idea what the fuck this
one is but there's a hole in it and it's
brown I'm really excited about it also
there's powder on the top but it's like
a brown powder so it literally just
looks like a really dirty asshole that
just left the beach which by the way a
few years ago I was a beach with my
friend and I was playing that game where
you like put your hand in the wet sand
then you throw a big clump of mud at
each other and you're like oh my god I
got you I got you
well I put my hand into a clump of what
I thought was mom turned out it was shit
and the sad part is I knew it was shit
as I was throwing it and I didn't give a
fuck come at me all right let's try this
asshole what hold on okay it's not bad
I'm just confused and I need to know
what it is before I give you my opinion
on it that'll be like judging somebody's
outfit in the dark like you can feel it
and like you know it's showcasing their
muffin top but you can't really see it
which by the way I think everything
should be the dark restaurants movies
prom like I would just feel so much more
secure with myself if nobody could see
me Beth who's gonna um yeah I don't know
what this is so let's like open her up
and investigate hey kind of smell like
cinnamon
mmm the hole is filled with apple pie so
I'm assuming this is an apple pie
crumble doughnut and in that case I do
not like it no it's not it's fine
I don't love apple pie like to me it's
all that pecan pie or pumpkin pie like
when apple pies in the equation I'm like
who is she
like she's Gretchen anyways I don't love
this but I'm okay with it so I'll be
eating it later next okay now this is
gonna be a success because bitch she is
filled for the gods she is painting she
is powder she's smelling of bad
decisions about choices like she's gonna
be delicious
is she gonna fuck on my stomach so let's
open her up oh my god oh my god hold on
I need to give you a close-up oh my god
you see a
falling apart oh it's crumbly it's gooey
it's wet okay
I'm so excited okay all right okay Shane
calm down it's just a doughnut who was
that I was definitely not the voice in
my head although I don't really have a
voice in my head I just have a song that
keeps replaying you want to hear it take
a listen
yep I want to die all right let's take a
bite of this damn lose everything like
this is me at Yogurtland at the toppings
bar and I'm like everything this is me
when the flight attendant comes out with
that box of snacks and she goes what
would you like and then I go bitch
everything this is my therapist in
therapy when I say what kind of
medication should I get to help my
outbreaks and she goes bitch everything
it's the shit I don't know what else to
say it's fucking amazing it's good oh my
god you hear that oh my god the powder
on the top fill in the goo the bottom
next donut now I don't know what the
fuck this is but it is glazed it is
spotted it has no smell and if you have
all those symptoms you might want to go
get checked cause it's probably syphilis
I've done a lot of research I literally
don't know what this is when I link to
the donut shop I just said give me one
of everything which is also how I got
syphilis
I was kidding I didn't get that right no
I don't know should I get checked it
burns when I pee
I think it's cuz I'm dehydrated
sometimes the news is but that's just
cuz of the sore inside of my urethra I
should get checked let's see oh my god
wait a minute
genuinely wait a minute everybody calm
the fuck down
this is fucking amazing I think it's
blueberry that little bear hi oh my god
I don't know what I'm doing my hand
right now I'm losing all control but I
don't care I'm just like submitting to
it oh my god the inside is like so
fucking moist it's like a moist assam
blueberry fucking muffin like one that
you would get in school I know school
food is gross let me clarify you know
those like frozen ass muffins in school
and then they put them in the microwave
like right before you get them and they
don't microwave them enough so the
inside is kind of wet and frozen and
cold but like it's fucking everything
and those motherfucking cafeteria ladies
know what the fuck they're doing it's
just like that and then
fucking covered with like this glaze
that's like so sweet but also kind of
salty so like my Twitter feed it's just
this is perfect I can't believe I didn't
know her until today like I'm sad that
I've went my whole life without like
giving her the credit she deserves like
all this time I was like oh it's all
about the chocolate eclair Krispy Kreme
little did I know the fucking little
blueberry crumble bitch from Dunkin
Donuts was the queen fucking all hail
the Queen all the other donut should go
to the guillotine and we are all merely
peasants who are praising down to our
clean mix donut okay this one's very
scary and very confusing now it kind of
looks like a really sad person hugging
themselves but then if you flip it
upside down it kind of looks like
somebody sitting on the toilet hugging
their stomach trying to take a shit and
then when you put on its side it's my
shit that's actually what it looks like
I always joke about it I always say you
guys would see my shit you're looking at
it this is why I have to do more than
just flush the toilet this is why I have
to grab the plunger and sometimes the
toilet brush and I have to chop it up
into like seven different pieces and
flush each one individually that's my
morning routine come at the Guru's all
right I don't know how to do this I
guess we just oh god do we just pull her
apart oh that was Barry's house right
like this remembering somebody I get it
but one time I was watching the show
where just got killed this other girl
and then he put her in the bathtub and
it he was like what am I gonna do and
then the girls like um you can cover her
in acid he's like huh that sounds like a
nightmare I'm just gonna dismember her
with a knife and then he went in and he
start cutting her arms off cut my legs
off cut her head off cut her boobs off
cut my feet off and I was watching that
now it's just like I know this is wrong
and I know he's a bad person but can you
imagine how good it feels to cut through
that bone and cut about that limb
like that's like popping a pimple to the
next level like popping an arm are you
fucking kidding me right now and then
you could just keep chopping you can
literally just keep chopping forever why
is that making me hungrier
oh yeah cousin fucked up I see oh my god
I mean it's no harm it's fine it is
exactly how you think it would I mean it
tastes better than it looks it looks
like my shit and it tastes like my
losing pee which isn't paid its
discharged and really good to get a
check sometimes it's brown have you ever
been sitting on the toilet sorry just
kidding gross why'd I say sorry how you
know me my name is Shane Dawson I'm
fucking disgusting but have you ever
been sitting on the toilet and you're
trying to poop really hard it feels like
there's a rock inside like it feels like
you swallowed like a brick and then you
can feel the poop pushing up against
your genitals and then like ooze comes
out and then I was like freaking out
because I was like oh my god like if the
poop isn't coming out of my ass it has
to come out somewhere like what if it's
coming out of my dick but also I can't
like film that and monetize that so
that's pointless like why I want to come
out of my mouth that's a good snapchat
filter shitting out of your mouth could
you imagine like fuck rainbows give me
some mouth shit oh my god call it
talking shit that's genius
snapchat hire me okay last but not least
I did not know what this was and then
after I got it I was like oh I fucked up
I wanted to try the coffee and the hot
chocolate I didn't know that they were
going to give me this huh hot chocolate
oh and coffee the fact that they gave
this to me without even asking if it's
what I wanted is sad like they looked at
me and they're like yeah that
motherfucker will take Gamelin so I
guess I'm just gonna wait sip it out of
the box
sip it out of the box what a fucking
life motto I don't know what it means
but I'm gonna put on a shirt sell it
alright let's open us up there's like an
actual plastic vagina inside oh let's do
this it says please be careful may be
extremely hot so by that they mean put
your mouth up to and poured a girl
probably not let's do it mmm mmm oh my
god that's crazy that's like like I've
never cut open a box to drink out of it
that's like a next-level shit that's
like end of the world zombie apocalypse
everybody's drinking their own pee type
of shit but like I'm ready for it like
I'm already ready for zombie apocalypse
cuz I already kind of look like a dead
person so I think I'll pass but if I
need to like walk into a grocery store
that's abandon and just take a knife and
stab a box and drink out of it
going to this is amazing fuck now let's
try the coffee their coffee is like
penis I'm hoping you gotta let me down
and I'm also hoping it makes me crazier
than I already a.m.
cuz then I can just blame it on the
coffee cuz right now I'm just blaming it
on a chemical imbalance
okay let's drink
whoo huh that's fucking strong can you
imagine if they turn into a challenge to
drink this whole box you would die
we should start that challenge I tagged
it would be awful Italian bidet hey hey
guys I tagged you to do the coffeeboxx
challenge it's for a good cause it's for
me to get rid of you
cuz I'm done oh no this is great too
strong but great alert guys go that's it
that was me trying some doughnuts some
coffee some hot chocolate
and just you know talking about a lot of
shit that does make any sense so then a
good Monday all right you guys make sure
to give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and subscribe down below to
my channel because I make new videos
every single day I think I want to see
more videos of me eating crazy foods or
fast foods or whatever I'll put a link
to a playlist right below in the
description as you guys I will see you
little munchkins tomorrow bye okay well
that's fucking gross I don't know what
galaxy that is but if they start
colonizing other planets that's where
they're gonna send me
