hello guys and welcome back to another
episode of what the fuck five
my name is destory and today we'll be
counting down five child stars that grew
up to be hot which there was a less
creepy way to say that but there's not
five child stars that grew up to be
babes no somehow that's worse puberty
it's a wonderful thing this is a picture
of me before I hit puberty and I know
what you're thinking man that thing is
ugly what happened he was so cute as a
kid thanks I try but in this list we are
highlighting five celebrities that did
not grow up to look like a pile of
sewage so number one on the list is
Joseph gordon-levitt known most for his
works in movies like Inception 500 days
of summer and The Dark Knight Rises
actually got started in the movie
industry at the early age of 10 playing
in the movie the river runs through it
and featuring in the TV show third Rock
from the Sun for six seasons he
basically went from looking like an
Indian that might turn into a werewolf
on Twilight to a heartthrob that
mysteriously looks sad even when he's
smiling next on the list is Josh Peck
aka Josh from Drake and Josh who
underwent quite a transformation from
his Nickelodeon days into quite the
handsome fellow he's recently been
returning to the world of acting even
being a co-star in the TV show
grandfather me and Josh Peck seem to
have so much in common
we're both pretty hilarious looking
children we both now spend our free time
pretending to be bees on snapchat
I think I'm some soft ass honeybee nah
I'm a bumblebee advise might be a little
bit more creepy okay yeah finger so my
question is when am I gonna look this
good coming in at number 3 is Lacey
Chabert best known for her role as
Gretchen wieners from the cult classic
film Mean Girls he started acting when
she was nine and first getting
recognition for her role as Claudia
Salinger in the TV show party of five in
addition she voiced Eliza from the
Nickelodeon show The Wild Thornberrys
hi Barry yes we're roommates and as Meg
Griffin for the first season of Family
Guy oh boy they're really reaching for -
- in the 10th season dad what are you
doing it get out of here I'm already a
total outcast because of you oh my god
she looks so fat
stop trying to make fetch happen it's
not going to happen number four on the
list is Alexa Vega we all should know as
Carmen from Spy Kids the bigger sister
of Jimmy who can't spy worth shit
seriously though Alexa know who played
character in 2001 wait really 15 years
ago good god I'm old was only 13 in the
movie but now as a 27 year old looks
like this holy shit
taki mushrooms see what I did there cuz
a spy kids ok since her spy kids days
though she's appeared in films like
machete kills Reaper the Genetic Opera
which is a fantastic movie and on her
husband's blogs that he posed to YouTube
the most recent of which actually
explaining that they're having a baby
common comes back he's gonna have a very
very I had to get that out of my system
I'm sorry weird to think that Carmen
from Spy Kids is having a baby spider
baby new franchise check it out
finally at number five on the list is
Matthew Lewis or as everyone knows him
Neville from Harry Potter
the goofy bastard is Harry Potter that
everything bad seems to happen - why is
always me
will not be of uses though puberty
falcon punched in because good lord
I'd love to see his one I mean someone
seems to cast Petrificus Totalus on my
penile region creepy jokes aside this
isn't fair I demand a refund on life god
damn it it also has some more torture to
your childhood self here's Neville's
junk really zoomed in good luck watching
Harry Potter without that image burned
in your brain the Lewis has appeared in
several films since Harry Potter
including the most recent film maybe for
you with Khaleesi Daenerys - I'm sorry
that's not her name emilia clarke the
mother of dragons or no apparently she
has no dragons in this film but she's
still the breaker of chains now
apparently she writes no chains in this
film I'm sorry but Lewis plays a track
star in the film that an order play had
to lose a ton of weight when she
commented on by saying I sort of gave up
alcohol about sugar and I can't really
eat carbs I love the gym and all that
stuff but I really can't wait for a pint
of lager I tell you that that's it for
today's what the fuck 5 pick you guys so
much for watching and if you did enjoy
this video make sure to give it a like
and also subscribe to the channel to see
more your fan of my other series what
the fuck news that has moved on to my
channel so you can check out the first
episode there by clicking this
annotation I did the video on marina
joys so if you guys want to check that
out make sure to do that and also
subscribe while you're there also it's
always leaving the comments down below
any suggestions for future what the fuck
five episodes and I'll check those out
that's it guys I'll see you next time
for another what the fuck vibe thanks
for watching and fare
wins
