has to be guys yes it is the
long-awaited much requested possibly the
stupidest fucking thing in the entire
world galaxy chicken nuggets so I have
here a bag of chicken nuggets and I got
some fries on the serve and I love the
fact that um the bag is dripping oh my
god also there's a phone number it says
how are we doing and then there's a
phone number should we call oh my god
what do I say
I should ask what the chicken nuggets
are made at Oh all right here we go
I'm nervous oh my god model dancers
nutrition or ingredients nutrition and
ingredients ingredients I haven't got a
website give me a person I'll do like my
Aunt Hilda
hello I love this music your pop my
pussy of that I wonder who's gonna
answer hi I had a couple questions about
one of your products uh what is the is
there any thing in the chicken nugget
that isn't chicken and have you ever
tried them galaxies yes what Kevin
fucking me what was his name I didn't
get his name but I swear to God I
thought rope at the McDonald's soon and
I see a poster for Galaxy Nuggets I'm
nowhere to come I know you stole my idea
bitch all right let's get galaxies by
the way there is no way that chicken
nuggets are chicken I don't buy it also
eat it but I don't mind
I got this back smells so good ah oh I
mean fill it up why are you giving you a
half empty carton of fries also I don't
want Angry Birds on my fries but you
know where I do want Angry Birds in my
nuggets where birds should be but
instead you're giving you trash but I'm
still gonna eat it okay so they're
surprised oh here's the Nuggets
I got a ten piece cuz obviously oh my
god I haven't cracked open a box of ten
piece nuggets in a week here we go Oh oh
my God look at all my babies also
there's something really scary about
them like promoting Angry Birds to kids
and also feeding them nuggets like you
kids like Angry Birds you want to eat
them
oh no it's pretty fucked up if you think
about it okay so we have our nuggets we
have our fries I also got a couple
dipping sauces now I got a side of ranch
because I feel like we could like turn
this into some kind of pretty pink color
and then I got sweet and sour sauce cuz
that's like galaxies like glittery and
we could probably add some purple to it
I'm getting too excited there's an email
we're going on the ranch
can I have to keep that on the side for
Mama okay so how should I do this should
I do like each nugget a different color
of the galaxy or should I just try to
galaxy the whole nugget you know what
let's try it all
I miss Brad I don't know if that's his
name but I feel like it was okay so
let's try one where we just like color
the whole nugget I feel like we should
start with pink
woo pretty alright we'll do a little
blue a little purple okay well that's
fucking gross I don't know what galaxy
that is but but if they start colonizing
other planets that's where they're gonna
send me okay let's try it again
I think let's just do all pink nugget we
just like a sprinkle the other colors
okay you guys see that okay let's see
pink nugget yeah oh that's good
flip her over yeah so now that we have
our like pink nugget I think we should
just add just like such a small amount
of like blue just such a small amount
yeah okay yeah oh it's working kind of
just such a small amount of purple nope
fuck I mean yeah that's not good yeah
Brian would hate that
what's that his name well it could have
been Cindy I'm not judging okay
let's try a different one okay maybe on
this one
Ballu cuz I feel like maybe on its own
it'll look pretty me when I went to
power yeah okay that's looking cool okay
this works so now that we have the blue
let out a little pink on the bottom okay
this is looking more galaxy to me is a
little more galaxy to you
nobody cares okay good alright so we
have our first galaxy nugget I'm gonna
put it over on her oh that's trying all
purple nugget Brian's thinking about me
she's talking to his co-workers and he's
like there was this sexy woman that
called me earlier what'd she ask you
Brian well you know we just had small
talk
she asked me if all my chicken was real
I hung up on her so think I'm gonna fuck
yeah purple does not look alright maybe
if we spray the bag and then roll that
dog around on a mic soak it up yeah
that's kind of cool right don't you love
when people tell you what school they're
like yeah that's cool like they're
trying to force you to think it's cool
tell us about Lord when she first came
out I was like yeah no I get it she's
cool I get it like stop telling me to
like it also it's not realistic to say
you've never seen a diamond in the flesh
you got a mama she's wearing her brain
speaking of diamonds I just saw somebody
make a video about like the YouTube
diamond like when you get like cameo
subscribers you get a big diamond
literally what would I do with that if I
put that anywhere in my house first of
all Trish would steal it
second of all I would look like such a
douche and third of all I'd sell it okay
now that we have our Nuggets galaxy
let's try to galaxy the fry I feel like
this will be easier you like fries are
meant to be galaxies also do you think
Brian do it galaxy was I feel like you
did I feel like he was angry feelings of
2008 Shane fan and he was like look
really with a galaxy like do she make me
again woo yes the fries are fucking
killing it oh my god yeah yeah oh let's
just spray over that dude the funds are
good the fries are everything all right
let's put some of the fries on the plate
too you guys haven't seen the plate but
you are going to be impressed by it all
right now let's galaxy the sauces so
first with a ranch I think I want to do
just a pink one
yoohoo could you see that look easy
little mouth hold on let me zoom in oh
oh my god like a bird mating call oh I
love it it's not really turning pink
kind of weird Shh why is that making you
laugh so much that's beautiful I just
made a vagina did you see that
okay so there's pink now let's mix the
purple oh that actually just made blue
but I don't like it oh it's so easy to
make me happy unless you're a
relationship with me that it's very
complicated
oh wow look at our little galaxy sauces
okay ooh sweet and sour which we do to
do this we should mix in some pink into
this see what happens actually let's do
some blue okay why isn't this working
shhh there we go oh yeah look at that
Wow why am i so proud of myself I don't
know okay I'm gonna wait and are you
guys ready for the grand reveal
here is our galaxy chicken nugget fries
probably nothing look at that
that's a mattes oh that looks like my
relationship with Brian just very all
over the place a lot of anger a lot of
confusion but a lot of blonde desire
let's call Brian or you guys go that's
our galaxy now let's do a little dip you
ready for this woo yeah let's get it in
that little purple one
Oh oh my god you that looks like
dumpster sludge oh my god dumpster
sludge my new nickname
hey let's dip a fry in that blue one mmm
actually that looks cute that looks like
j-pop you know let's just drizzle it all
over oh my god
oh oh I'm sorry McDonald's I can't
believe I'm gonna say this but this is
the grossest mcdonald's as that would
look and they used to make a make hot
dog all right so it's the moment of
truth it is time for me to try well it's
even grosser up coasts me alright let's
try this one because it's the least
offensive out of all the other ones all
right here we go oh okay
I mean it's bombs pop ha I mean fucking
obvious you know it was soft yeah the
colors are gross but what's on the
inside of what kernels unless you're me
and all your insides look like this what
I guys go those meaning galaxy chicken
nuggets and fries you're welcome alright
so guys if you enjoyed this video please
give me a thumbs up give a thumbs up for
Brian also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below because I make
new videos every single thing and if you
want to see more videos of me galaxies
stuff ray Boeing stuff I'll put a link
to a playlist right in the description
below and I'll see you little nuggets
tomorrow
hi this is great I fucking love this I
was going to try to make fun of this and
say it's stupid but honestly I'm living
for it and um daddy needs a Grammy Wow I
look stupid
