heads if you guys yes today I'm going to
be trying out more double life packs
because you know what life is really
fucking hard like yesterday I went to
Yogurtland and he didn't even have cake
better I'm sorry yo girl and that's a
fucking summertime flavor
nobody wants berry parfait we don't know
what a taro fruit is and don't get me
started
I'm motherfucking tart if I wanted tart
I'd be going to Pinkberry and you know
who was the pink berry anyways back to
the hacks so I'm excited because last
time I did this I actually found a
couple hacks that were useful like the
sweatshirt hoodie that I turned into a
bowl like I used that one a lot and you
can also put other things in the
sweatshirt hoodie Bowl like cake batter
Froyo if they had it fuck-you Yogurtland
okay first hat okay so this is a sex toy
hack now listen I have tried a lot of
homemade sex toys when I was a kid I
used to make them out of everything I
could find in the kitchen when my rabbit
died my first thought was I could suck
that I didn't though because you know my
mom buried it real fast but the one
thing I did not try was grapefruit
vagina so how that works is your tank of
grapefruit and then you kind of hold it
to it about the size of your penis and
then you put in the microwave for 10
seconds and it should be just warm
enough and then you fuck it and then you
think really long and hard about why
you're alone and you're fucking produce
we're not gonna do that part we're just
gonna make it okay so I don't have a
knife because I don't trust myself so I
have these scissors which are pretty
sharp so let's try to make a hole oh my
god honestly this is kind of sexual oh
my god do you see it squirting you see
that oh only I would think this is
sexual literally the scariest thing ever
ooh baby you like that here is what I
won't do
oh yeah just like that
ah oh my God look at her drip look at
her trip that's very realistic unless
you're me and it just puffs out dust
okay so there's a hole and it's just
perfectly small enough for me all right
I'm gonna put this in the microwave for
10 seconds and I'll be right back okay I
got my pussy and she's hot if your
parents just walked into the room hi
all right i'ma put my finger in it first
cuz I want to like make sure it's not
pop or I like stick my dick in it oh
yeah I'm gonna stick my dick in it stay
tuned once again parents hi
okay let's just put a little finger oh
my god that is yes this is why we don't
need people I could just fuck this are
you kidding me
not having to deal with the small talk
now how do we deal with the cuddling not
having to deal with the nose you don't
look fat tonight babe I promise just
give me food in a knife and I'm good
this is so much easier oh my god listen
to it it's so good okay if you haven't
had sex yet which I hope you haven't
because a lot of you guys are very young
and that would make me jealous like I
didn't have sex till I was like 23 and
the fact that like 13-year old and users
are getting more ass than I am makes me
sad but this is exactly what it sounds
like
except there's more like out wait wait
nope okay no not like that
out okay stop stop Shane what did I tell
you it's crooked which means it's weird
I don't like it softer okay like that
that's better okay Shane why are you
crying no I get it it's a beautiful
moment you're inside of me we're one
that's cute but seriously can you just
finish already please no shape where are
you going Shane if we finish we can go
get pizza actor yeah that's how it goes
I'm gonna give this a name drop a small
um yeah most like that next hi oh this
one I'm so fucking excited for it
there's our sick fucking what am i a tea
I'm so fucking excited guys oh it's
gonna be a jazzy one this is gonna be
the cat's pajamas
you know what's that a lot of you guys
probably think I'm a because when I was
your
I thought people who are almost 30 were
like dead I was so scared to get old
still AM
I'll probably die before 70 anyways
that's openes Doritos okay
so this is the half where you take a
salt shaker you fill it with crushed up
Doritos and then you add cool ranch dust
to your food because we can just get
fatter why not okay first I'm going to
open it up and snow cuz that's what
happiness is
oh my god this can change my life like
I'm having a bad day and like I don't
know trust I got people backstabbing me
I got a target Claire calling me out on
the loudspeaker because my hemorrhoid
cream doesn't have a label on it and you
have to go right on hemorrhoid cream for
family size back up can I just eat this
chip oh my god it all goes away
I wish getting rid of hemorrhoids was
that easy oh yeah so now we're going to
cross these up that hurt my heart to do
oh no that was like killing a baby yeah
same thing killing a life crushing a bag
of chips
honestly this hurts more oh listen you
can hear them screaming you know what on
the pulse eyes though now I can just
pour this directly got Micro talked
about a hack chewing hack you don't even
have to share your food anywhere guys
doesn't get sadder than that okay so now
we have our salt shaker so we're going
to take off the top by the way it took
me an hour to figure that out you just
taught me do it right here but before I
started filming this video I literally
had a screwdriver in this I had a damn
nail gun in this I was going in and then
it just unscrewed because I'm an idiot
alright we're gonna pour the salt in
this touch save that for later not that
I need it because you know which is
salty now we're going to pour the
Doritos into our salt shaker okay so
that is full now we're gonna put the top
back on oh my god I'm so excited look
look fucking Doritos salt bitch oh this
is so good oh my god
if I had my hoodie bowl I wanna put some
food in there and then just salt it up
god that'd be sad
almost as sad is what I'm about to do
pour right into my mouth see if it works
Oh oh my god pthey up what the fuck is
on my tongue oh my god what is that what
if this is how I found out I had some
disease during a hacker video I had no
doctor I was just sitting there in my
kitchen with a camera on pouring a bag
of Cool Ranch Doritos into a salt shaker
I crushed them up first don't worry and
then I was crushing it to my mouth and
then I saw these bugs I'm sorry ma'am
can we go back to the part about poor
and Doritos into a salt shaker oh I'm a
man really I have to do a physical to
make sure that's true
yeah that's why don't go to doctors um
no this is fucking working okay look do
you see him falling out oh my god little
piece of heaven oh that's fucking
everything oh my god I don't really know
what I would add this to like I guess
you could put this on top of like fries
mashed potatoes pizza I don't know it
doesn't even tell me matter all I know
is I'm going on shark tank and I'm
pitching this and I'm walking up to
Barbara I'm open up that bitch's mouth
and I'm shaking this innit alright now
this one is very dumb like this is the
dumbest thing I think I've ever seen on
the Internet and I mean like I walk the
line Barbies like that's what I do
this is dumber than that so this is
cutting a sandwich with a MacBook Air
now first of all yes I have a gold
MacBook Air and yes I'm too embarrassed
to bring it in public so I only use it
at home like it was a good idea in my
head when I was like whoo I love the
color bowls let me get the macbook gold
then when I cracked this bitch open at a
coffee shop and I have ever been staring
at me like what I just couldn't bring it
there anymore I mean it could be because
I had my popcorn built there's just like
a line there's like a douche line and I
crossed it I also cross it every single
day on Instagram with all of my douche
faces your initial
but I only do that because my smiling
face is worse yeah it's not good back of
the Hat okay so first we have to make a
sandwich which I haven't done in 10
years so I have a plate I literally
haven't cooked for myself in so fucking
long I have not even used this plate yet
I think the last time I use this plate
was on my giant Twinkie cake it's a
little Twinkie on it that was not a
Twinkie oh my god there's a dead bug on
my plate I think I just licked off its
wing well I have a trash bag it's fine
okay so let's get some bread okay and
then let's get some peanut butter and
buy peanut butter I mean actual
chocolate icing oh my god this shit's so
good I love like nut butters that are
supposed to be healthy but they're
fucking chocolate but you're not fooling
anybody
Justin by the way on the back of the jar
says quick question do you eat cake
frosting for breakfast yes 100 breakfast
eggs scrambled eggs with an Ice Cream
Sandwich on top get on my level
okay so here is my sandwich on my plate
and it's time to cut it in half this is
the dumbest thing I've ever done okay
would that be embarrassing about opening
my last Huff and it was just like the
most intense porn ever I don't really
watch intense porn by the way although I
did watch one yesterday called reasons
why coach got fired that's a good one
okay so you take the MacBook it's so
stupid
then we just cut the sandwich oh my god
it's just you idiot the plate is too big
it doesn't work
fuck all right man use the bottle on the
plate all right here we go
yeah that's so much easier than just
using a knife oh and look at how perfect
it looks God I'm never gonna go back to
using knives again it literally did not
cut it
it's literally still together I had to
rip it not only is this thing
embarrassing it's useless me oh my god
I'm a fucking MacBook Air no even worse
I'm a fucking Apple watch
I have zero purpose next okay so this is
the plastic cup goggles once again what
I guess if you run out of goggles and
you don't feel like going to target and
buying them for two dollars you can just
grab some plastic cups put them on your
eyes and duct tape it around your
fucking head you idiot alright so here
we go I honestly hope I become like a
style icon because I feel like this is
gonna be a revolution like I feel like
everybody's gonna be wanting to wear the
cup goggles and it's all because of me
although my other fashion trends haven't
really taken off you know like the
wearing the same shirt every day trend
okay so I'm just making a strip for the
back of my head like that all right
let's see the words oh my god oh my god
it fucking works oh no these are great
oh my god like if I'm like doing work
outside I won't be what I meant to say
was if I'm eating out of my sweatshirt
bowl and like food is flying everywhere
it'll get out of my office this is great
I fucking love this I was gonna try to
make fun of this and say it's stupid but
honestly I'm living for it and um daddy
needs a Grammy wow I look stupid that's
huh okay this last one is the grossest
looking thing I've ever seen on the
Internet and I Google change awesome
shirtless and it's not good this is
where you take a banana you shove a
straw through it you pull it out and
then you fill the inside with chocolate
and then when you eat the banana it's
like a chocolate center of an Anna but
what it looks like you know what I'm
going to tell you I'm gonna show you
let's zoom in
all right so let's take the straw put it
right there and then we are going to put
it all the way through the banana all
right and then you take it out oh and
then look at it oh that was cool that
was like popping the biggest pimple ever
which by the way if you want I could do
it I have one on my back no I need to
save some things for myself okay so now
that that's empty although you know we
probably it's more out of that
hold on yeah wait did we could pull it
out
Oh oh my god I hate that I think that's
so fucking much
oh my god okay so now let me do that we
put it back in and we're gonna pour
chocolate all right here we go so I just
have my little chocolate syrup bottle ah
no god it's so good alright the straw
thing isn't working so I'm just going to
pour it directly into it right here we
go
spill her uh-oh oh my god okay I was
going to talk about how gross this looks
but honestly that's everything that's
fucking arm okay so now we are going to
unwrap the banana and then supposedly
when you bite into a chocolate come on
which is how all fruit should be oh my
God look oh my god okay look so on the
outside there's chocolate on that side
there's chocolate which means oh oh my
god yeah that's awesome
yes I win you're okay Shane calm down
it's a banana but it's a metaphor all
right let's try this
oh my god that's everything it's fucking
amazing I'm done I'm done here life
hacks guys go home fully and enjoyed
watching me do a bunch of dumbass life
hacks for these videos make sure to give
me a thumbs up and subscribe down below
because I make new videos every single
day and I'll see you little a lot of
hacks tomorrow bye airshows happen all
around the country and it's when planes
will fly over the crowd do tricks race
each other but they're actually
extremely dangerous and there's been a
lot of crashes at a lot of different air
shows and during these accidents lots of
people die not just the pilot if the
plane goes into the crowd there is no
surviving that
