okay I'm just gonna say it I feel
something what do you think I mean you
got I feel something am I crazy
I don't know I think I'm just like a
closed cold-hearted oh yeah
I could I could get out of here I mean
by like you could say let me know the
guy I could neither let me get off in
here hands if you guys yes it is once
again time for me to try girl products
and show just what a man I really am
oh did I say man I met thing there's not
really a name for what I am it's
somewhere in between man woman and food
anyways let's get started
um okay first of all a lot of the
objects I got today are from Claire's
which is gonna creep you out a lot not
because I'm a grown man shopping it a
little girl store although they did
really creeped out the security guards
know the scariest part of it is they
have things like this that's a black
leather glove in a child-size what but
we'll get to that later
first I'm gonna start with this because
it's some kind of fucking voodoo ass
science witchcraft shit I understand
this is color-changing lipstick
what so I guess it's like one color and
then when you put it on it's a different
color and then I think it changes into
another color it's the Caitlyn Jenner of
lip balm and we're proud of her all
right let's open this up oh it's blue
hold on mucosa okay so it looks blue but
I guess when I put it on it's not gonna
be let's see if they're lying to us
they're all lie to us always don't
believe anything sorry I wasn't doing a
conspiracy video but seriously have a
reason lie to you
here we go nothing happened told you
literally nothing's happening wait look
it's just my lips nothing
what the fuck is this supposed to change
wait you can you see that is that you
see that weird like little purple coming
out what the fuck oh let me put it on my
hand maybe that'll show it when my hairy
ass hand came in focus that was the
scariest thing I've ever seen whoo okay
here we go
hand and ooh it is purple
that's kind of cool also this is an
action
gluestick but that's kind of cool hahaha
valid even creepier sorry but it kind of
things good - I love this like I was
hating on it you can see it
damn like I was hating on it at first
but honestly I'm fucking into it what is
the flavor strawberry coconut in there
mine alright next product oh my god okay
so this is what scared me this is a face
mask for a child what like what kind of
hard-ass life do you have to have as a
five-year-old that you need a face mask
like what kind of shit are you doing
it's cool bitch like are you playing
kickball or you murdering motherfuckers
like are you not sleeping do you really
have bags under your eyes you
five-year-olds this is some shit there
Abraham would make her daughter do she'd
be like oooh baby so if you look rough
like you've been through a lot as a
child
like having me as a mom being on a
reality show seeing me shove a coke
bottle up my pussy in a sex paint and
it's all showing on your face let me fix
it oh oh my god this is so scary
first of all it's really wet yup second
of all I bet it's the size of child's
face and that's gonna weird me the fuck
out Oh first of all how big are these
kids eyes nose and mouth
what pumpkin ass kids are you expecting
to buy this what fucking this
jack-o'-lantern children that's
horrifying also like it's actually not
the size of a child this is the size of
an adult weight you kids have adult
faces I mean I see some babies that has
some dull ass faces Beyonce's good
he looks like he's 48 and works at a
bank like no thank you IV I'm good I
don't need the savings account I'm not
gonna put this on my face cuz I don't
know what's gonna happen I mean it
smells okay okay fine I'll do it
you know how much I hate wetness oh god
oh god oh god oh god oh god yeah okay
it's not that bad if I was a can this
would be torture also why can't kids be
normal you know like why do they gotta
do this why can't kids just play outside
or watch TV why do they gotta wear a
beauty mask and go on musically and
shake their little baby asses if I ever
have a baby
it is never shaking it to a son
basically and if it starts at fine I'm
working it
all right dude do I gotta watch this off
hold on alright next products okay this
was also at Claire's
this is fucking chocolate body lotion
what got some shit you see out like
Spencer's or like an adult store and
your mom and dad are like ooh honey the
chocolate body lotion and then you go
what whoa oh god oh god I can't stop
throwing up oh honey what's wrong
Oh Oh God I was thinking about dad you
fucking you in the ass and covering you
in chocolate syrup honey that's
disgusting
we're doing that later all right let's
try this out oh my god who is this for
what is this mean if that was a kid I
would just drink this I mean I'm just
gonna drink this now and I'm a grown-up
you give me something that looks like a
little bottle of chocolate milk bye
okay here we go I'm in and the lotion is
coming out oh oh my god oh my god it's
fucking smells like chocolate this is
weird
look at that oh yeah it definitely
doesn't look like chocolate but boss oh
good what the fuck is that can you see
that there's a little chunk some shit in
it I don't know what that is I didn't
pay for that
that's extra you what is that looks like
a - like a tooth is too far you know I
mean like if there's a hair in my food
thigh there's a fingernail I can deal a
tooth you know what that's gonna do to
my insides my insides are tired our tip
at the Burger King Mack and Cheetos in
there it is done my insides need a break
all right so looks like us rub this in
oh it is junk everywhere what is this
what is this for I mean it smells bomb
but like is it for kids to rub on each
other does it taste good no it's not
even edible literally why why would you
do that why would you give a kid a
little bottle of chocolate milk that
smells like chocolate and it's not it's
burning my mouth oh my god
my whole mouth is going now if I die
like this like if I die like this that's
gonna be a sad ass day tomorrow on
Twitter like they're not gonna make a
hashtag for me they're gonna be too
embarrassed to serve me like glue yeah
Shane died yeah let's not talk about
that oh my god I don't get it why this
is dangerous
but I can't stop smelling it also like
what kind of parties are little girls
having where they want to lotion each
other up don't answer that
all right next product I mean I'm not
gonna lie I'm excited about this when I
saw it in the store I screamed once
again really scared the security guards
but I just knew that it would look good
cuz it matches my fucking hair color oh
my god why am i so good as a girl and so
bad as a man like last time when I had
those bangs
it was everything and I've never gotten
more compliments in my life this oh my
god I should mix the two hold on oh my
god I'm about to fucking slay and murder
oh my god I'm about to destroy the game
okay bangs once again killing it oh my
god Bob it looks even better today and
my crown oh my god I look good okay
listen I hate myself I don't think I'm
hot like I hate it like I wake up and
I'm like you but today with this I'm a
lot of feeling myself oh my God look at
that fuck fucking tumblr bitch as fuck
oh my god standing on a fucking cliff
fucking inspirational quote next to me
please do it just jump
I mean this is good wow that was weird
did you see that I literally just like
I'm just catching up ma to me sorry okay
I'm gonna stop no no I'm actually
scaring myself I'm gonna take this off
also I saw these eclairs this is a pore
strip remover once again for a child are
you fucking kidding me you're fine you
don't have blackheads all you have is
puffy nipples and a weird stomach but
don't worry it'll go away when you grow
up that's alive okay I'm gonna try this
because I've tried these pore strip
removers before but nothing has ever
worked so I'm curious if this is gonna
change my life okay so I guess you just
put it on your face yes just like this
yeah okay and then I guess we just wait
and then pull it off and then hopefully
I'll have a new nose oh my god a new
nose to go with my new hair when I get
my new nose I'm gonna be fucking killing
it you better hide your bends okay well
this is setting let's try I got look
guys ooh and so excited this is not
sponsored by the way I'm just excited
because she's a fellow youtuber and I've
met her before she's so sweet
this is graveyard girls new makeup that
I got at Sephora I got in a fucking
store that's crazy
look at her on the back so this is
called swamp Queen and I'm hoping it to
work on a trash King like myself alright
let's open it up whoo oh this is cool
like wood I'm so happy it's so cool I
don't know I get excited when youtubers
like you know make movies or products or
like happenings in stores it's just like
fucking cool oh my god look at that
bitch that's like professional is fuck
can you imagine if I had a makeup it
would literally be like a bag of Cheetos
and you wouldn't get a brush you just
have to like lick your finger and put it
in I'll look on the mirror there's a
little note it says believe in yourself
love yourself
embrace your individuality see if I sold
the mirror with a note on it it would
probably say don't blame yourself blame
your parents okay so here's the palette
look at me trying to be a guru okay so
here's the palette these flavors flavors
my fat ass the flavors the colors are
sweet tea dog man with
her boyfriend what does that mean is
there a little piece of him in here
maybe her girls kind of crazy so I would
not be surprised by that she'd be like
dog man get in here and then she looks
standing in the arm kind of a piece of
skin off throwing to her blender thanks
thanks sippy sippy xi that one big baby
what big baby I mean I'm the graveyard
say about the hell yeah
does she had the baby oh my god did she
have children is a swamp Queen a swamp
mom what would she call her kids swap
babies both my babies we call trash kids
ha I love that sorry back to the makeup
all right so let's put some does this
thing really work on our eyes wait
should I take this off it's been long
enough it's actually gonna rip the nose
off hold on all right let's see ah oh my
god what does this thing really work
yeah look at all that gross fucking shit
on it what if you look at I was just
looking in the mirror okay let's put the
makeup on so I'm gonna put some does
this thing really work whoo bitch listen
I don't know shit about makeup but
usually when I put pink stuff on my eye
it doesn't really show up because like
my skin is already really pink and
always infected but like this is showing
up bitch like this is showing up to the
party on time it's not one of those
annoying ass friends it's like I'll be
there and then they're two and a half
hours late like bitch get Domino's it's
on time you better be okay so now let's
put some dog man in there too like right
here little dog man oh this is good
oh my god she's looking beat up but
that's okay it's hard out there in the
swamp you got to fight for your life all
right let's put a little sassy bun on
that maybe that'll help blend it out no
I'm just looking more fucked up whoo
this one's called Gator wings hmm it's
glitter hold on I think like a little
glitter underneath the eyes oh my god
what look at that
I wish I could literally cover my whole
face with that that's like face tune in
real life hold on look trash bag gross
ugly nasty piece of shit beautiful oh my
god that's fucking everything Wow look
at that okay what shines oh I love this
me for once in my life oh I mean you
know she's look better but no this side
of my face is scaling it this side is uh
dying oh my god wait hold on let's see
if my makeup look works with my new book
oh my god okay look if you cover up this
out of my face
I put the ponytail here oh oh my god
damn oh this is getting sad okay bye
oh you guys ago that was me trying girl
products hopefully you enjoyed that if
you did please give this video a thumbs
up and also subscribe right down below
because I make new videos every single
day and if you want to see more videos
of me try and grow makeup or trying
beauty hacks another weird shit like
that I'll put a link to a playlist right
in the description below alright you
guys I will see you little swamp
monsters but so fucked up you swamp
monsters I'm kidding you're my little
trash kids and I'll do a little trash
kids smart oh my god but she is a greasy
oh my god she is drifting by the way
I've been putting T's and a lot of my
words like drifting or like grunting or
like writing a lot and my couch
