hey what's up you guys I just finished a
podcast with Jess and Brian who works in
Starbucks and he made a secret menu
drinks he made his Captain Crunch he
made his cheesecake and we also had Jess
go on a date and she kissed a guy live
on the show so if you want to see her
get fucked go to sound crook go to the
link down there the podcast is up right
now sod calms my Shayna friends see you
guys later
hey guys oh my god I'm so fucking
excited because today I'm going to be
doing a secret menu items video from
Chipotle
that's just pol a as we all know is a
jam I know I make fun of them alot I
call them subway for Mexican food and I
talk about how to give me explosive
diarrhea all of those things are true
but you know what else is true even
though it gives me diarrhea I keep on
coming back because I am a fan of
abusive relationships but also I love
the way the employees talk to me she
always asked me questions like how's
your day Shane what's going on I've been
following that snapchat you don't leave
your house very often you okay you know
just like things besties would ask the
only thing that's knowing is she still
every fucking time asked me are you sure
he on cuacamole it's extra that's like
the friend who always says oh my god am
i annoying you right now I'm annoying no
bitch but now you're fucking annoying
before you were just like yeah that's
Jennifer you know I've known it for a
long time you know we just kind of put
up with her like she's loud but like we
love her and now you're like yep that's
Jennifer the bitch you always ask if
she's annoying us Jennifer the human
hemorrhoid bitches always irritate my
asshole
I went from being so excited in this
video to being so angry let's see oh my
God look how big this bag is oh the
doctor which is giving me a physical
looks at my balls wow these are huge
where's the dick though okay let's open
this oh of course they brought me chips
now if you don't know this is a hat
nobody wants to be digging in the bag of
chips number 1 it's very loud annoying
like Jennifer and number two you get
grease all over your fingers like far
down there so the heck is
you just hang in here and rip it across
and now you have the perfect little bag
of chips you're welcome from the queen
of house also the queen of screaming of
her videos sorry the phone users today
is gonna get Wow oh my god oh my god oh
my god I told you it's gonna get loud
okay Cerrito oh my ass just swallowed an
invisible dick like that's what just
happened right now I'm so excited okay
sory know if you don't know it's a
burrito that has a quesadilla instead of
my normal tortilla that was like a wrap
like a stopped Mexican rap oh my god I
was a fat Mexican rapper my name would
be quesarito
you know cuz I'm rolling in cheddar see
cuz cheddar means money on a wrapper
yeah I'll just stick it eating okay
let's open this up oh my god first of
all that was a pornographic that sound
you know what I'm talking about like in
the porn when the guys like get over
your bitch oh my ass follow to dick
again oh my god I forgot to tell you
guys I bought a flashlight the
flashlight is like a pussy up in a
flashlight and you fuck it why did I
just tell you that let's see okay
actually know what let's break this in
half first oh god I didn't even need a
flashlight I can just fuck this oh my
god okay alright okay let's do this oh
you can see the cheese on the inside of
the tortilla oh my god
okay oh my god then one of the best
things I've ever had oh my god like this
is the best thing I've had in a long
time and I just had sex with my
flashlight and I put it in between my
boxspring and my mattress and pushed it
down and it was like fucking a dead
person and this is better than that oh
my god the cheese on the inside it's
melted it's like losing out of the side
and you got that chicken you got that
beans you got that right you got food in
my teeth and I don't give a fuck
there's go thank you Jeff all day
there's no walk that would have made it
better but like I'm not annoyed by that
you know I mean it's not Jack next -
what the fuck is this burro Dilla why
okay I don't know what this means
oh my god but she is greasy oh my god
she is dripping by the way I've been
putting T's and a lot of my words like
drifting or
grunting or like crying a lot
I'm my couch but is that a thing did I
start that I didn't start that who
started that either way I've been doing
it a lot and I'm sorry but let's start
each team that one doesn't work okay
wait we should open this one up too oh
it kind of looks just like what I
already ate no wait there's some on the
inside oh my god they're concave the D
on the inside that's like one of the
fillings
it's like beans chicken rice quesadilla
that's a lot that's almost too much
that's like a movie when they put like
too many cameos in it like the first few
cameos are fun like oh my god that's
Selena Gomez oh my god it's Britney
Spears but like eighty five minutes into
the movie when they kind of start
running out of cameos and it starts
becoming like oh my god that lady for
the progressive commercial flow damn
yeah it gets depressing but let's try
it's very hot finally ahh
why doesn't spicy oh I think I put hot
sauce in there I don't fuck with the hot
sauce if you wanted to my order here it
is I get a burrito no beans no rice tt
the vegetables double chicken sour cream
guacamole lettuce pink Argyle and then
put it on the grill for like two seconds
that to me is the perfect for Rita so
like this is just too much but I'm still
probably gonna eat this later so let's
put you over here oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god fucking
nachos bitch are you kidding me you're
heavy
this is everything oh my god I'm so
happy oh I'm gonna come too bitch I've
hidden high notes you thought you were
watching Mariah Carey live in Vegas no
bitch it's me eating Chipotle Whitney
Houston is still alive bitch if you just
give me some nachos which all night
yeah that was fucking everything uh hi
grantees yeah I'm waiting for mine okay
let's try this oh my god oh my god oh my
god can you see it can you fucking see
it
fuck okay let me pull this with you so
you like watching you can pretend that
you're here with me that's what would
happen if you were here with me I'm just
being like you're here with me you know
I mean we're just like Fran's we're just
comfortable together oh my god
Lewis scrape up some of that guac oh my
god you hear that bitch okay okay if I
knew another Whitney Houston song I'd
sing it
this is so fucking good fuck why don't
they sell this it's not on the menu is
this really a secret menu item because
it should be a secret anymore
this dish needs to come out she needs
our coming out video hi i'm nachos in i
think like this since I could remember
oh this is the tenth time I've tried to
make this video it's so hard fuck
oh my god this is my favorite thing I've
ever tried on my channel ever ever can
you see the genuine happiness right now
bitch I'm just gonna stay here eat this
for a minute
enough okay whoo we got one more item
you just watched me get fatter
ah you're welcome what is this I don't
know what this is it's a box see what's
inside oh my god this is like Christmas
wait what oh my god what is happening
unboxing wait what is this okay just
rice and beans over there that's just a
quesadilla the fuck is this what a
school lunch is that a secret
Chipotle how are you go from the nachos
to this I mean that'll be like Britney
Spears going from give me more to
Britney Jean
yeah it's Britney Stan's don't talk
about this is boring a book but you know
what this is actually you know who this
is
I'm not gonna say her name I'm a Berbick
Jennifer over it where you guys go
how is we trying to pull a secret menu
item that was the most delicious episode
we've ever done and I'm just so fucking
happy right now as you guys make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos of me trying secret
menu items or fast food or other weird
foods make sure to check out the
playlist I'll put it in the description
below and I'll see you little secret
menu add-on this time hey you look like
you say you're come in a glass jar and
talk to it when you're lonely who thinks
of that cuz that's genius
