hello again and welcome back to another
what the fuck five my name is Esther E
and today we'll be looking at five of
the most terrible selfies you've ever
seen being good at selfies is a hard
thing to do I for example in the fucking
worst at it I usually spend about the
first 10 minutes of me taking a selfie
just looking like a complete idiot
followed by 10 more minutes of me trying
to make a good face followed by another
5 minutes of me laughing at myself for
even trying to look attractive but this
list we're counting down five people
that are somehow more terrible at taking
selfies than I am so first on the list
we have this picture do the house
burning down is not a good time to take
a selfie like why was this guy's first
thought to be like yeah hold on it's
gotta get this awesome fire in the
background oh my god its fires crazy you
know at first when I saw this picture I
thought that the house that was burning
down was his but then I was like why
would he be happy about that is there a
fucking spirit from the contouring in
his house but then I realize it gets
worse because it's actually one of the
firefighters that decided it was a
better idea to take a selfie in front of
someone's burning home then I don't know
putting out the fire maybe next up we
have this picture which just why I just
want how done with her shit this grimace
I like haha grandma hold on my leg I'm
gonna sever some Marcus I'm gonna poison
you tonight look if I ask my grandma to
do this you'd probably spank me directly
on my anus hole and then give me a
timeout like come on don't make your
frail ass grab all of your skanky ass
leg this goes like yeah i'ma do a
duckface I can't even feel my lips I
never created a list of you were taking
a selfie of love so much you just wanted
to get a tattoo of it no good then
you're probably fuckin normal I'm like
this chick who did literally that and
you probably like oh that's probably
just a guy getting a tattoo of his
girlfriend cuz he loves her so much no
this is a girl who got a tattoo of her
own selfie on her own body but I do like
how the tattoo artist got me giant neck
muscle indirectly but that is a fucking
OnPoint neck muscle right there coming
in at number four are these glorious
pictures Oh God really dude your selfie
couldn't fucking wait after you got
pulled over I just wonder what was said
after he took this picture did you
really just take a selfie right now if I
get this picture to 100 likes on
Instagram will you let me off the hook
what no that is bribery and I resent
that
let's make it 300 lights and finally at
number five saving the best / worst for
last is this selfie what the fuck
what was his caption when he put this
picture up like yo with my Gramps she's
super dead yeah why don't you go take a
picture next to your dead grandma I'm
sure we all want to remember her cold
lifeless face for the rest of time
fucking great idea that is it for this
episode of what the fuck five hopefully
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
the channel as there will be more every
week you'd like to see more of me make
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash captain estes also make sure to
leave in the comments down below any
suggestions that you have for future
what the fuck five episodes and I'll
check those out that's it guys I will
see you next time for another one to
fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
