hey what's up you guys yes I am once
again here to take your burdens I don't
know why I'm doing this again because
the first two times they were rough I
was called a soccer mom a school shooter
and a lot of people set up what is that
his neck looks like a thigh oh fuck I'm
not gonna lie it hurt but I'm back here
again to get more punishment because I
have issues and I love abuse but today's
maybe a little different because we have
two pictures to roast me on the first
picture was from my last video and it is
this awful one yuck and the second
picture I posted on Twitter and it is
this awful one what I know I I don't
know what it is either so let's start
with the picture of me in the red jacket
where I look like all of your dad's he
looks like a tampon that didn't soak up
all the blood and now it's just
partially full okay first of all I
wasn't a mom I would suck up all the
blood and very absorbent
you look bisexual you look like a
pedophile that on crack I love you so
much Shane oh no this one's long you
look like a gay rebellious teenager who
came out to his parents but they didn't
accept you so you got your friends to
murder them with you and when you were
done chopping them up into little
nuggets you made that smirk because you
were glad that your parents were dead
and now you can live your life like a
rebel that you are with your boyfriend
Justin who besides you can now eat the
chicken nuggets for dinner I love the
story you told that I would never eat
nuggets for dinner not even if they were
people you look like you save your cum
in a glass jar and talk to it when
you're lonely who thinks of that cuz
that's genius hey at least he's wearing
something different that's not true I
wear different things all the time
fuck all right now we're going to go to
the picture I posted on Twitter which is
this I don't even know what to say about
this all I'm gonna say is I'm proud of
you for surviving and we can still see
you
camouflage is not working when only
relatives will touch your kids oh so
true I'm vegetarian
I don't roast pigs oh fuck oh that's a
good one
looks like you're about to eat that hand
someone is literally using you as an
armrest that would be my mom
and yeah when you're done with the
family pictures and you just want the
cake hey that's actually true we were at
a birthday party and I was like are we
done yet I smelled her you look like the
type of guy who catfishes people
pretending to be a supermodel I can
definitely see that like he's I'm so
sorry like I'm just lonely and sad and
my mom uses me as an armrest I was just
trying to talk to people and then the
girl would be like it's okay pretend to
be my friend and then never Skype me
again but it's okay I come here when
you're the actual elephant in the room
and last but not least it really can't
get worse
thanks for the book promo girl for you
guys ago that was you roasting the shit
out of me once again and I'm hurt but
I'll make it I'll survive but because I
like torture why the fuck don't we do
this again so just for your enjoyment
here's a picture of me during my gothic
phase these are gonna hurt - leave your
comments down below telling me how
fucking awful that looked cuz nobody
else did
how'd you guys hopefully you enjoyed
roasting me today I know I didn't make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe right down below because I
make new videos everything and if you
want to see more of my roasting videos
I'll put a link to the playlist or right
in the description below and I will see
you little roast pigs tomorrow
hi oh this is actually kind of beautiful
ramen needed to light up a little bit
faster oh there she goes oh I love this
ooh
oh it's getting big oh my god this is
like an Adele video hello
