tens of you guys yes I am so excited
today because I finally got my hands on
the plus-size Barbie I have been looking
for this bitch for months I've seen the
petite Barbie asking the tall Barbie but
I've not seen the curvy Barbie alright
so here is the Barbie I'm so excited
also this is not sponsored if it was I
probably wouldn't be putting it in a
waffle iron
oh yeah spoiler alert I'm a waffle this
bitch okay are you ready for the big
reveal
here she is hello Sons Barbie I mean I
always expecting her to be fatter this
is the same reaction I had when I saw
Meghan Trainor for the first time I was
like great you gonna sing a song about
all that bass
you better be so fat you can't walk I'm
leaning for the first pop star to be on
a rascal scooter but whatever I'll take
what I can get so as you can see she is
not that curvy like yes she has hips
yeah she got a little booty I'm like
look at her skinny arms look at that
skinny neck look at that tummy see that
Tommy also look at those tiny little
perky as Ches fat hits and tiny titties
honestly this is me also her eyes are
pretty far apart which is bizarre
because I'm like this Barbie trying to
tell us that people who are fatter have
eyes that are far apart you don't gain
weight in your forehead Barbie you don't
get a fat nose also I love that she's
doing this skinny arm pose
what barman you think all plus-size
girls do that pose okay they do but
that's a stereotype and look at her
ugly-ass clothes they gave perfect what
the hook is that now listen I know
torrid is a store for plus-size girls
but not all plus-size girls go there
Harvey you couldn't given her like a
flowy white top and jeggings it's like a
dress you wear on Father's Day or
Mother's Day or I don't know some day
don't get the fuck out come on Barbie
give me that fucking dress cuz this and
this I don't know fuck that also why'd
you give this girl mom purse are you
saying just cuz she's plus-size me she's
a mom how old is she why does she look
40 why didn't you make her hip Barbie
she'd have her head give her a flash
tattoo different shirt that says keep
calm and eat so why is she wearing the
heart of the ocean like who is that for
we're taking that on oh wait there's one
more outfit I don't even need to say
anything what the fuck is this
you're trying to get my Barbie to beat
up Mattel if my Barbie went to Barbie
School in this she would get her curvy
ass kicked
so anyways yes we are going to put her
in a waffle I know
listen I don't want to get in trouble
for putting the first plus-size Barbie
into a waffle iron I feel like that's
just like a little too offensive even
for me so instead of it because this is
literally my body shape I thought we
would give Barbie a Schoen makeover and
it would be like waffle iron II myself
so here we go time to make the plus guy
is Shane Harvey
okay so first we're gonna take her
clothes off I have never been more
excited in my life who do you think
she's got stretch marks if she doesn't
I'm gonna be pissed
look at that belly button look at that
are you kidding me come on take your
fucking shirt off oof
this it's actually kind of scary I feel
like this is a wrong on a lot of levels
well look at her body damn there's not
plus size that is goal weight my big
give her granny panties look at that
they gave her actual fucking granny
panties
oh my come on come on doesn't the other
Barbie have like a thong you know what
the other Barbie I'd only think wears
underwear but she just always ready to
go
Oh take these ugly-ass white shoes off
like she's a damn nurse these ugly-ass
pants look her skinny ass legs I mean
you know still my shape but come on give
me a bunion I've been very fat before oh
ha ha ha what am i doing I've been
bearing fat before and I still struggle
and my feet are always fucked up and
this bitch looks like she's just at
eight pedicures you are pink oh she's so
beautiful okay so first things first
we're gonna cut off her hair so I'm
gonna give her what I have now which is
yacht okay Barbie here we go oh that's
literally me Wow how did I do it that
fast that's crazy
that's actually too good I need to fuck
that up a little bit more yeah that's me
also that is too pretty the color of
hair so we need to make it gross and red
like mine all right time to make you a
ginger I'm sorry yeah there we go there
Shane okay so now that we have the sad
gross red hair done it's time to get the
clothes I found these these are boy
clothes who is she oh that's Ken oh wow
Ken got a makeover I love that ken is
gay now I can't wait for Ken to come out
okay so we have his little pants and his
little shirt these are kind of too hip
for me but
fine it works all right let's try to
squeeze these over my fat hips yep this
is exactly what it's like when I track
clothes on at Target so do you need help
in there I'll buy oh oh why can't I be
like the other boys yep that's what it's
like okay they kind of fit this is what
I look like from behind it's why I wear
long shirts because nothing ever closes
all right now let's put on this ugly-ass
shirt oh my god this is actually the
color of the shirt I'm wearing right now
we plan that right come on oh my god I
mean that kind of looks like me right
here hold on yeah there I am all right
time to waffle myself let's go okay so I
had to get a brand new waffle iron
because I completely destroyed my last
one
and I kind of like this one better
because it's grey which means you'll get
to see all the melted flesh
I just wanted to be as disturbing and
brutal as possible you're welcome ooh
this one hasn't even scarier sound okay
so obviously first things first you have
to spray it with ham because you don't
want your waffle Barbie to stick perfect
oh it's already turning brown
all right are you ready Barbie I can't
wait to die oh my god that sounds just
like me all right here we go one two
three oh it never gets old oh my God
look how much it's smoking
yes bitch okay that's actually a lot of
smoke okay that's more than usual okay
is that on fire oh my god oh god okay
what size Barbie here's a lot more neat
Tiffany opened up a door oh whoa Barbie
fuck we may have to move this outside
all right let's see how she looking Oh
Oh how's the face Oh still killing it
let's flip over like this ah really
brush down oh my god I'm finally gonna
get that chin job I've always wanted
honestly plus-size barbie smells better
than normal Barbie oh my god what if
they put like bacon flavor inside her
just cuz they knew I would do this
alright let's see how she's doing
what the fuck she still looks good I
mean good compared to what I usually
look like here maybe we just need to
like move her face that way
and put it right on that crevice and
then really shove it in come on oh yeah
come on oh my god they should do a
melted Barbie some people look melted
all right let's see if that's working no
what the fuck is just turning her hair
brown why is she not melting and dying
and suffering like I do okay that got
dark all right I'm just gonna shove her
fucking head in here myself oh you know
what I'm gonna take that shut that bitch
just head right into the wall
uh-uh yeah come on that's everything
that's like art that's an instagramming
for sure all right come on Barbie
if she doesn't melt right I'm just gonna
go outside and light on fire
honestly that might be more fun all
right Barbie let's see what you working
with oh that's me after face tune did I
do too much smoothing oh my god oh look
at her crying oh God oh look at her arm
Oh what happened to her ass did it melt
oh my God look at her see like yeah you
want his ass he won't it adds is there
for you wait that's her pussy where the
fuck in her ask oh there it is we made a
little hole oh my god look it looks like
she's breakdancing Oh Oh grand finale
whoo okay look I'm gonna be honest that
wasn't as awesome as I was expecting
honestly she kind of just looks like I
do right now seriously make the same
person so to make this exciting I would
like this bitch up lip gloss I okay so I
have my trusty fire pit and we're just
gonna throw her in there you look good
girl and then we are just going to get
some lighter fluid oh I love this
how does it feel girl how does it feel
really gonna cover her up okay and now
it is time kids don't try this at home
or at school or well anywhere this is
very fucking stupid all right one two
three
wait what the fuck oh wait Oh she'll it
she'll it go away plane can't you see
I'm working this is actually kind of
beautiful I'm I needed to light up a
little bit faster oh there she goes oh I
love this ooh
oh it's getting big oh my god this is
like an Adele video hello oh okay it's
getting actually too big um should I get
some water or something oh wow oh my god
that's beautiful that's art Wow oh my
God look at her still posing still
getting that Instagram e whoa look at
the clothes melty can you see that huh
Wow
oh this is so interesting oh my god I
love science oh my god honestly if you
put like inspirational music behind this
this could make me cry
oh my god you guys there we go she's
gone Wow Oh okay I feel like I should
put this out all right Barbie thanks for
the memories oh look at her smoking oh
my god guys there she is oh my god
oh my god bad girl hey guys go that was
me waffle iron in the plus-size Barbie
aka myself let me know down in the
comments what I should waffle iron next
maybe my actual self also if you like
this video please give it a thumbs up
and subscribe right down below to my
channel because I make new videos every
single day thank you guys I will see you
little waffle irons tomorrow bye a
little green oh god I don't want to fuck
this up it's so pretty by the way only I
would think this is pretty but like I
love her and I want the best for her
