you make me laugh every time I watch a
video every time I talk to you every
time we talk in text even texts make me
laugh and that I cherish and yeah you up
it I have everybody up but thank you for
being entertaining and funny I can't
tell hey what's a viz yes welcome back
to another creepy video now I am warning
you what I'm about to talk about is
going to make you literally check every
single inch of every single room that
you go into for the rest of your life
because today we're gonna be talking
about hidden cameras all around the
world there's over 250 million security
cameras watching us at all times on any
normal day where you're just walking
around outside you're probably getting
seen on camera between 75 and 300 times
and these cameras are everywhere they're
on every single phone every single
street corner every single business
every building anywhere you could
imagine there is a camera now I know
that's a lot of cameras 250 millions a
lot but you know it's not included in
that number the millions and millions of
hidden cameras that's right there are
millions of micro cameras filming you
all day every day in places that you
would never even suspect oh and by the
way anybody can do it you can literally
go on Amazon and buy a micro camera for
$13 so today we're gonna be talking
about some of the scariest footage
that's ever been captured on a hidden
camera now I'm just warning you some of
these stories are incredibly triggering
and dark actually all of them before we
get into the video I just want to show
you how genuinely terrified I am I
literally have all my webcams covered
with the tape and I also will never get
naked in a dressing room but we'll get
to that later okay so this purse story
is insane
and it involves a locker a renowned
physics professor a businessman and an
insurance agent they were all busted for
hiding cameras in women's locker rooms
that's right
locker room hidden cameras there's some
people that they're so incredibly
demented
that they set up hidden cameras in
locker rooms when you're changing and
you're vulnerable but the scariest thing
is these cameras are almost impossible
to find so there was a girl named Mia
Walker and she found out that this was
happening to her in her locker room but
the way she found out was because her
mom found the camera I was just standing
there I was like mom what are you
looking at and she was like there's a
camera in there and I was like what do
you mean Mia had no idea that for four
months
this woman was secretly videotaping her
and the other youngsters getting
undressed in the locker room that's
insane
her mom is literally waiting for her to
get changed and then sees a camera lens
flare and then finds the wire and finds
the camera I mean that's some way
detective stuff now think about how
truly terrifying that would be to find a
camera in a place that you change every
day and you're completely naked not
knowing who's recording it but also not
knowing where it's broadcasting and the
saddest part about this whole thing is
that these cameras were planted by a
woman who has children of her own I just
thought how could a mom do this to
another mom this video actually shows
wanka pocket in the act of setting up
the hidden camera but says the video
wasn't for her she was having an affair
with a guy who got a sick perversion out
of watching the material now the fact
that she was planting the cameras and
recording the locker room for some guy
does not make her not guilty because
Melissa and her boyfriend had a very
smooth operation going his name is Carl
antic and you can see him prepping a
camera which he later gave to his
mistress it was like organized crime
like they had a system now because they
were caught with four years of a legal
locker room footage they were put in
jail for a long time they got a combined
20 years plus in prison and a lifetime
of being on the National sex offender
list but unfortunately this happens a
lot and sometimes it's not a stranger
sometimes it's somebody that you thought
you could trust there was hair this 16
year old says she caught the girls
volleyball coach secretly videotaping
her he's pled not guilty sir do you
normally tape young girls in locker
rooms are you just a locker room pervert
next time here
Haroon please have a towel around
yourself while you're changing
underneath or at least do a look around
the room and make sure you don't see any
camera lights inside the locker silence
oh and by the way it's not just lockers
detectives are investigating after
hidden cameras were found in women's
bathrooms at three locations in the
Florida Keys the miniature cameras were
found inside coat hooks that look just
like this one that's right
bathrooms are a huge target as well a
camera could literally be anywhere okay
so I'm not exaggerating when I tell you
what I'm about to show you is one of the
scariest videos I've ever seen and it's
not because what we know about it it's
because what we don't know watch what
happens as a man drives down in New
Jersey free road in the middle of the
night
what's going on can I help you with
something oh my god I have seen that
video a lot and every time it gets worse
I mean book promo not on purpose a
faceless man with what looked like a
hood walking towards your window not
talking and then they start muttering
something and going for their pocket and
then there's a car next to them like is
that a victim did they already kill
somebody uh so many things are going
through my head it's just all bad so the
guy who recorded this had a dashcam and
his name was Ivan and because he wanted
to save other people from whoever this
man was he decided to warn the other
people in the city immediately tucked-in
knew something wasn't right he called
police as he sped away
I could have been mugged I mean I don't
want to think of the worst-case scenario
but that's what came to my mind one
after I left and called the authorities
now listen if you're ever in a situation
like this please keep your windows
rolled up keep your doors locked if the
person on the side of the road has a
serious problem
they can talk to you like a person and
say hey I lock my keys in my car if they
start muttering to you and you can't
really understand them and they're going
for their pocket and they literally have
no face keep driving I just watched that
video and I think about what could have
happened if that guy didn't drive away
in a night bat bat bat bat keeps me up
at night okay I have a question for you
now what if I told you right now in your
house underneath your couch that you're
sitting on or your bed that you're
laying on there could be a potential
bomb that could explode at any second
and kill you and your entire family in
an instant well if you live in an older
home that has an old boiling unit that
is possible watch what happened to this
child's playroom because of a faulty old
boiler it's a nightmare for so many
homeowners
explodes this video of one of the kids
was shot in the playroom the same day as
the horrific blast yeah literally a bomb
could go off in your house with no
warning now I don't know if I have an
old boiler I don't even know what I
would look for and I'm too lazy to drive
but it's actually serious like this
could kill you and everyone in your
house just look what happened when the
Mythbusters tried to show you exactly
what kind of damage an old boiler could
do yeah that can literally happen right
underneath my couch now I did some
research on this and boilers actually
explode quite often and most of the time
a security cameras or hidden cameras and
houses captured the moment in fact in
Boston in 1905 at the Grover shoe
factory there was a large-scale boiler
explosion that resulted in 58 deaths and
117 injuries now obviously there's no
security camera footage because of when
this happened but these photos are
shocking look at how it completely
leveled out this building yeah the
entire building gone so maybe look into
whether or not you have an old boiler
underneath your house I guess I should
do yeah not usually this is around the
time of the video where I tell you
something that's not that scary or
something to kind of ease the mood but
that's not happening today because it's
gonna get darker and all of these other
stories combined now what you're about
to see is a man being interviewed on the
news they're asking him about his
neighbor Lauren Giddings she went
mysteriously missing on June 26th of
2011 now honestly the interview looks
pretty normal pretty much what you would
expect from a typical news interview but
do you notice anything off about it
anything weird no no no one has seen her
since Saturday I haven't seen anything I
mean I've always seen noise outside but
there's people walking behind know if
that guy seems a little odd to you it a
little awkward it might be the fact that
he's just an awkward dude or maybe the
fact that four days earlier he walked
into Lauren's apartment strangled her to
death and then chopped off all of her
limbs and her head with a hacksaw
okay
now this is where it gets literally
heart-stopping now remember up until
this moment they're just asking him
where he thinks she is because she's
gone missing but then during the
interview she tells him that the body
has been found the body that he hid in a
trash can
after he killed her so as you're
watching this clip just remember what's
going through his head is oh my god I am
going to get caught man we we just don't
know where she is
what about I'm in the like the parking
lot area I know they've been doing a lot
of that that's where they who has
recovered the body or whatever they
recovered from their body had you heard
anything there
how'd you get Medina huh I mean we don't
know if this is the same person you know
what I mean like they took out a body
there earlier we don't know if it's a
person
that's how we're trying to ask people
what they know who live there
I think I need to sit down okay Oh
oh my god every time I see that my heart
stops like when he's just like I'm going
to jail oh my god they all know now the
reason that people started suspecting
him in the beginning of this interview
was because in the first ten seconds
when he was talking about Lauren he used
the term was yeah long was my neighbor
um we're just trying to find out where
she is at this point was if she's just a
missing girl and people don't think
she's dead and why would you say it was
now this is a massive story it's insane
and I could do an entire video about it
but for the sake of time I'll just tell
you that he did not end well for him you
heard that girl sure did that's why
you're having this massive meltdown
right now cuz you can't live with
yourself can you
it's overwhelming you end it tell the
truth Steven he was found guilty
personally because of this interview and
he will be in prison forever
now I know what you're thinking Shane
what does this have to do with hidden
cameras he was on a news camera that's
not hidden well during the trial a video
surfaced it was a video taken by him
standing outside of Laurens apartment
looking into her windows right before he
walked in to kill her
now once again there's nothing graphic
in this video but it is
nightmare-inducing
especially since you know what happens
after he finished recording
I can't say enough how happy I am that
that mm-hmm I have a lot of words I
don't want to say I'm just happy he's in
jail forever at least that's a little
bit of justice for Lauren Giddings all
right
now let's lighten it up a little bit
let's talk about demons and ghosts
caught on camera now there's tons of
videos on YouTube that are clearly fake
or slightly staged but I still click on
every single one now most of them happen
in a long hallway or in somebody's
bedroom in the middle of the night with
night vision or my favorite ones which
are like the baby monitor cameras where
it's a ghost hovering over the crib so
what I'm about to show you could be
another one of those fake hoaxes but it
could be real I don't know I have not
watched it yet I wanted to watch it with
you guys now this one's super viral last
month I purposely didn't click on it
because I wanted to watch it with you
this is supposedly security camera
footage from a Christian High School in
Ireland now the school is called Deer
Park Christian Brothers high school and
supposedly it's one of the most haunted
schools in the world now supposedly the
way the story goes the principal found
the footage and he freaked out he put it
on the internet for everybody to see
I know everybody's wondering if it's
real or fake well let's watch it
together alright here we go
I'm already creeped out just because
it's high school
oh my god wait I need a posit I never
jumped I never like flinch for some
reason that got me so maybe it is real
or I don't like this that's also me in
high school after I've been shoved and
locked in a locker but let's keep going
Oh God
that one was weird that was weird
because if the door just flung open I
get it because you could just do that on
a string I guess but it was like things
were thrown out of there
like what kind of budget does this high
school have that one to me seen the most
like possibly real but let's keep going
that made my heart stop that was weird
right
that felt demonic that didn't feel like
a ghost that felt like a demon I'm gonna
ruin that hold on that Oh cuz I can't
figure out how they faked that
I mean maybe somebody was in a
green-screen suit but like once again a
high school they can kind of have at our
budget I don't know okay here's my
thoughts if there would have been one
last thing I would have a hundred
percent thought it was fake because that
was it like there was no like demon face
or you know ghost like in all that fake
ones like there's always something like
that because there wasn't that one
actually genuinely here weirds me at all
oh my god I'm sorry I just got really
dark with it and I was thinking about
like school shootings and like things
that happen at schools and death and the
idea of a school being haunted seems
possible considering that's where oh
wait oh my god sorry this is a whole
nother video but high school is
something that everybody thinks about
all the time I still dream about it
every night pretty much I still think
about it every day if I died would I go
back to my high school are all high
schools haunted oh my god okay I'm I'm
closing my computer
well there you guys go that was a
rollercoaster all right you guys if you
like this video and you want more scary
creepy videos give me a thumbs up so I
know also make sure to subscribe to my
channel it is right down below and hit
the notification Bell because I make new
videos every day and once again I know
you already know but if you like my
scary videos and you want to show other
people that you like my scary videos you
can get one of my illuminati fire pops
sockets available on my Amazon store at
amazon.com slash in Dawson alright you
guys make sure you keep a lookout and
watch for cameras what was that
now I'm just kidding my butt didn't
explode yet see you guys later bye
