heads if you guys yes today I'm going to
be trying to make another rainbow food
last time I did rainbow macaroni and
cheese and that actually went good and I
can't fucking believe it oh my god that
looks fucking cool guys look uh why am I
so proud of myself this is so stupid
so now like I have to step it up so like
what's a bigger audience in macaroni
cheese um Mexican food so I know that
they are hungry for their Mexican
cuisine bitch and I'm about to give you
some comida for your Boca I think I
actually said that way
oh I just had a dick for your ass either
way you're getting it so I am giving
myself a little cheat sheet because I
don't know what a rainbow is so it's red
orange yellow green blue purple pink now
there's like a way that people memorize
this I didn't learn that in school I was
too busy hiding from fists but I did
learn the song for all the states uh
banner Alaska Arizona Arkansas I'm not
gonna do the rest cuz like that's
showing off but Colorado Connecticut
yeah you know I was pretty cool and it
explains why I got beat up a lot let's
make rainbow topics so I have all the
ingredients here for tacos except I
didn't get real meat because um I'm too
lazy to cook so I got meatless soy
gluten-free
yeah that's not comida that's chocolate
doesn't mean shit so we have that I have
some mozzarella cheese suppose I'm
Mexican taco in the world I've just
gotta cuz it was white no racial then I
have this um shredded lettuce because I
go sure animals oh by the way on actual
lettuce bag they have a salad guy it
says taste it is sweet and subtle
complex and robust or zesty in bold it
lettuce it literally tastes like crunchy
ass water
I hate when healthy people try to say oh
no you don't even need up the salt on
that you don't even need a bit dressing
on that you just need to taste the
vegetables you know what that you can
taste my chalk seriously I didn't no
idea what that mean then I have a tomato
because like I don't know vegetables and
then I have all my great old food
colorings and I also have my taco shells
that I've eaten
Hubb because I ran out of chips and then
I realized if you just take a taco shell
and then you just chip hack
oh and I've been dippin those a chip
hacks into the sour cream and well yeah
it's almost gone okay so let's start
making these tacos I have no idea what
I'm doing I don't know how to make it
rainbow I guess like do we make the
shell rainbow and I just push it in it
or do we make like every different item
a different color let's do that okay
let's start with the actual chef we
should I change up the angles you guys
want to like get closer to this which
will also make you farther away from
this so you're welcome me oh that's not
gonna work okay so here we have the
shell oh wait we can make it an actual
rainbow fuck I'm good okay so red on top
right yeah I think so okay red oh my god
oh that's pretty oh I'm excited okay
orange oh fuck can I have orange Oh No
ah how did I forget orange give it wait
wait wait I can just mix red and yellow
else I'm FIFA ok little red little
yellow sticks that up with my 9 nice
peach that's orange touched it up nope
it's just very dark red fuck alright
more yellow all right there we go let's
try that no fuck all right now this just
looks like a bloody taco which by the
way girls hate when you call it that
alright next is just plain yellow so
maybe if we just spray that on here
it'll like fix it
I mean kind of I'm lying to myself ok
and now we're gonna do some green I mean
now kind of looks like the Mexican flag
that's cute fuck it we're doing at
Mexico themed tacos which are just
fucking tacos you idiot alright now blue
wait we ran out of space uh that is not
good okay but you know what we have two
more colors to go we're gonna fucking
make this work next is purple are you
fucking kidding me right now I did not
mean to do a Kip hack and I fucking did
it
okay you know what we're just gonna do
like a colorful taco and we're not going
to worry about
the actual rainbow element even though
this is supposed to be a rainbow taco so
let's just do like a little red on the
side like that a little yellow like that
okay okay this is looking good a little
green like that okay this is looking
good this is looking good I'm excited
about a little blue uh-huh and then last
we'll just do a little pink guys that
looks good what did I just do how did I
do this I just made a rainbow taco an
accident okay so let's put our shell
aside because it's fucking perfect and
nobody should touch her and first let's
color our meat okay so since the meat is
at the bottom of the taco I guess it
should technically be pink right so
let's just see if this works all right
here we go
whoo that's pretty I've never said that
about my own meat it's always like oh my
god
why is it dripping Wow look at that okay
let's like mix it around a little bit
oh well that fucked it up but no we have
to get it evenly coated yeah oh that's
awesome
okay so let's put some of that pink meat
in our taco I'm fucking 12 so let's just
like scoop it in there like that I guess
yeah okay that's everything the fact
that I just said that's everything in
all seriousness with no irony is very
sad
okay so we have the meat in there now
what's next less right so let's do blue
for the lettuce so actually we could
probably just put it on top like this
and then just spray it like that oh my
god oh that's a lot okay that's a little
more than I expected hope that's a lot
more than I expected wolf okay so next
is green so let's do the cheese so let's
just sprinkle that on top and just add a
little green oh god I don't want to fuck
this up it's so pretty
by the way only I would think this is
pretty but like I love her and I want
the best for her
alright so next is sour cream right is
that it so for the sour cream I think we
should honestly just do rainbow I'm just
gonna fucking pour this shit on top yeah
oh this looks good all right so to match
the rest of our taco let's just do
little red a little yellow a little
green whoo oh damn it it was all going
so good why the little pig all right
guys are you ready for the grand reveal
here is my rainbow taco yeah I'm just
gonna stick to white people food I think
I just offended a nation I mean listen
like it looked good at first like the
shell is everything then it gets a
little fucked up I mean I feel like them
me you can't really see it and that was
like that highlight also something
people say when they have sex with me
but like I'm still proud of her like
she's gay she's Mexican she's proud what
I gotta go this is my rainbow taco and
you know what she might not be the
prettiest taco in Mexico the she's the
grossest and that's saying a lot I don't
know I'm kind of proud of her like
honestly if you kind of like close your
eyes a little bit and maybe even shut
one of them like it kind of looks like a
rainbow taco like I would order this at
a restaurant but I don't know what
restaurant will serve this but they have
rats
all right guys I'm not gonna try this
because that will stain my entire face
forever
but I'm just gonna go out on a limb and
say it's gross but she's my baby my baby
that I will never kiss because I'm
afraid of her huh oh yeah that was my
rainbow taco hopefully you enjoyed that
and I'm sorry if I offended an entire
country but I did it out of love because
you know how much I love my Mexican
viewers you guys understand me
I do call me a local Gordo gringo which
i think means a really cool guy how'd
you guys victory get this video thumbs
up if you enjoyed it also leave a
comment down there and tell me what I
should rave on it and subscribe to my
channel down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos of me train going and
galaxies food I'll put a link to a
playlist right below alright mellow
tacos I'll see you tomorrow
yeah that one fucking frees me up the
weight of the thing like rainway did not
look human
