this is okay oh you do it just to give a
Murphy she's gonna hell yeah
I don't blow your hair off I got this
yes did you even feel hey what's up you
guys yes today we're going to be talking
about more creepy hoaxes now a hoax is
something that fools a lot of people
because it's not real and our first hoax
fooled millions and that is the hoax of
the singing group Milli Vanilli so Milli
Vanilli was a German R&B group and it
was formed in 1988 the members were fat
Morvan and Rob Pilatus the first big
single was called a girl you know it's
true and was a huge hit this song was so
big that they actually won a Grammy for
Best New Artist in 1990 and the best new
artist is Milli Vanilli
but then everything came crumbling down
during one of their live shows check it
out I wanted to die
it stopped good no it's good no it's
good
80,000 people girl you know it's caring
yeah I couldn't repeat it 15 times girl
you gotta we're still so I stopped a
panic I ran offstage yeah everybody
watching found out that they weren't
even singing they were just lip-syncing
this is where it gets even crazier they
were just lip singing during this
performance they had been lip singing
their entire career that's right Robin
fab never sang one word it was actually
three other guys that were singing all
their songs rat howl Charles Shaw and
John Davis here's a clip of them talking
about it didn't what benefit later I had
been on stage many years with so many
other different groups and it's I don't
want to be on the stage singing him at
age it's time I was that age 46 47 years
old but I wanted to make music behind
the same yeah
their entire career was bullshit it was
all a lie all their fans all the people
that went to their concerts the people
that gave them a Grammy everybody was
pissed that'll be like climbing up now
if one direction never actually sang any
of their songs and it was like five old
guys singing them it's crazy
well when this came out shit hit the
fucking fan it gave back their Grammy
because they felt so bad some fans even
sued them for lying to them so this
completely destroyed their career and
honestly destroyed their lives I mean
they were known as liars and scammers
and con artists well eight years later
they tried to come back with a comeback
album where they were singing with their
real voices well unfortunately one of
the members Rob led been dealing with
depression and a lot of drug
alcohol because of this whole thing he
didn't make it to see their album come
out and he died in 1998 of a drug
overdose pretty crazy to think that in
that one moment it changed their lives
forever
now our next hoax is something that I've
talked about a lot especially on Twitter
but I'm going to talk about it again
because some people still don't know the
Teen Choice Awards is a hoax that's
right the Teen Choice Awards are fucking
bullshit they're rigged they're not real
you know the Teen Choice Awards is
supposed to be teens voting for the
Lindsay Awards not true at the end of
the show they put text on the screen
that pretty much says it's all raped
tina source rocks Inc had the right to
determine the winners from among the top
four vote getters of the nominees in
each of the 88 categories ultimate
choice was determined solely by the
producers so what that's basically
telling you is your votes don't fucking
matter
the producers pick so you know how like
in each category there's five nominees
well all your voting does is get rid of
one of them and then the producers pick
the winner and you're probably thinking
Shane you should be excited they have so
many youtubers nominated they have so
many categories for youtubers then later
they have like over ten of them and you
know why because they want all the
youtubers to get all their fans to vote
and vote vote vote vote to get traffic
to their fucking website and all the
fans are voting so hard for their
favorite youtuber it doesn't even matter
because they're gonna pick who they want
to win anyways oh and by the way every
youtuber I know that's won a Teen Choice
Award hasn't even got the surfboard me
included I don't want a Teen Choice
Award 2010 you see a surfboard behind me
fuck no because it never came and every
time I asked about it they'd be like
it's in the mail it's been six years
bitch where is it and I was just texting
with Colleen ballinger who's nominated
this year for two Teen Choice Awards and
this is what she said she says that they
say oh we only give them to people whose
categories are televised her category
was televised she said you can use me as
an example in your video if you then
love me me even more sick and upset with
the fact that the Teen Choice Awards is
now using Christina granese debt to get
retweets
check out this tweet it literally says
retweet to vote in memory of at the real
grimmy for hashtag choice
webstar hash tag team choice are you
fucking kidding me
you're gonna use somebody's death as a
way to promote your fucking bullshit ass
show retweet and memory of no why are
you putting her in a category where she
needs to get votes
you should just create an award for her
some kind of Lifetime Achievement Award
or a legacy award why are you gonna make
people vote to me it's disrespectful
it's fucking disgusting and it just
makes me so mad when I see youtubers
still tweeting about it being like both
for me guys go vote for me guys go vote
for me your votes don't matter go go for
the president those votes matter anyways
rant over Teen Choice Awards is a hoax
and they were exposed
now our next hoax is one that is very
very disturbing and that is the hoax of
Heaven's Gate cult
now Heaven's Gate is a cult that was
founded in the late 70s by a man named
Marshall Applewhite he believed that the
earth was going to be recycled and the
only way to survive would be to leave
the planet by suicide he even made this
video to try to get people to join his
cult and it's really creepy check it out
disciples those who are trying to
prepare themselves for entry into the
evolutionary level above human
synonymous with the kingdom of God the
kingdom of heaven we're going to talk to
you about the most urgent thing that is
on our mind and what we suspect is the
most urgent thing on the minds of those
who will connect with us will title this
tape planet Earth about to be recycled
yeah that was real that's an actual man
who is actually trying to get people to
believe that shit well some people did
believe it here's an interview with some
of the students of Heaven's Gate check
it out
how long have you been in this classroom
circumstance
I've clearly appears since Valentine's
Day 21 years ago
okay and is there anything particularly
you would like to say what I like to say
all goodness and there's so much I want
to say to you oh just about anything
that would be of any significance to you
is are we going Evan skate this is kind
of and once it's kind of silly I would
surely strongly recommend if you could
find heaven skate the book website go
there study it read it it would do you a
lot of good yeah so those guys really
believed it and there was a lot of other
people that believed it too well on
March 19th 1997 Marshall decided that it
was time for him and his 38 other
members of Heaven's Gate cult to die now
he told his members that that day the
earth was going to come to an end and
that a big UFO was going to come and
take their bodies home and that when
they got home the aliens would you know
put new life into them he rented a 9,000
square foot mansion in San Diego for
them all to spend their last day on
earth here's a video he made called last
chance to evacuate the earth this was
the last video that he ever made I hope
that you take advantage of this I hope
that I have been a servant of the next
level and that you might somehow come to
know the next level through this meager
effort so that day at Marshall took
applesauce mixed poison in with it and
gave it to all 38 of his members to eat
then he had all the members lay down
with plastic bags tied around their
heads
just in case they woke up and it would
suffocate them to death the next day all
the bodies were found neatly laying in
their beds with purple cloth covering
everybody
and among those bodies was Marshall
Applewhite himself so at least he went
down with them you know what I mean at
least he wasn't like some con artist who
went to kill a bunch of people he really
believed in this even so still a hoax
and now a lot of
or dead now our next hoax is about my
favorite topic ever and that is aliens
now there have been tons of videos that
have come out in the past people saying
that they have proof of alien life just
check out this video of an alien
supposedly popping up in a window behind
a group of guys at a party beach
epigraphy dr. Jeff Monica the a movie
early way I'm gonna do it there there's
this video which is really creepy of a
supposed alien climbing on somebody's
roof yeah that one fucking crazy
the weight of thing like rainway did not
look human then there's this famous
video from 2007 of a UFO that was
supposedly seen flying over
now those videos have all come out is
fake and everybody knows that they were
hoaxes but the scariest hoax was this
next video and this is the famous video
of an alien baby trying to talk now how
are you feeling you feeling ok if you're
well
don't breathe my bad to make you feel
really strange just calm down
relax trying to calm I know
literally the scariest thing I've ever
seen whenever I saw it I was like oh my
god of the fog but not too long after
that clip went viral it was exposed as a
hoax it was actually from a 2005 short
film called rubber Johnny it was
directed by a guy named Chris Cunningham
and it used the music of the apex twin
and this is what it actually looked like
stressed out would you mind if I gave
you an injection looks like it will be
staged then you'll be
there we go a lot less scary I mean
still fucking creepy but let's scary but
the biggest alien hoax of them all was
the alien autopsy video in the late
1990s a 17 minute black-and-white video
came out that was supposedly taken at
Roswell and it was a video of an alien
autopsy in 1995 the television network
Fox bought the tape I wanted to do a
whole special on it Fox hired a director
named John Jobson to direct the special
and right away he started feeling like
maybe the tape was fake well after doing
some research on it John went back to
the network and said hey guys I think
this whole thing is fake and supposedly
the network said well it's too late so
don't tell anybody because we want this
thing to be a ratings hit well John even
interviewed Stan Winston was a huge
special effects artist he did all the
you know puppets for dressing Park and
et whilst and said this is clearly a
hoax the tape is clearly not real but
Fox took that out of this special
because they didn't want anybody to know
and the special came out and it was a
rating smash everybody thought the
footage was real and it's not in 2006
the guy who supposedly found the tape
admitted that it wasn't completely real
and then a lot of it was really filmed
which is code for it's a hoax Larry guys
go those are our hoaxes for today
hopefully you enjoyed that and hopefully
you weren't fooled if you want me to do
more videos on hoaxes or other creepy
stuff like this please give me a thumbs
up so I know and also subscribe to my
channel down there because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more of my hoax videos or my
conspiracy theory videos I'll put a link
to a playlist right down below in the
description all right you guys I will
see you tomorrow
and please don't believe everything you
see by the one time I went to subway I
said they took a sound the girl goes
sure do you want it cooked bitch it's
chicken there's no other way to eat it
unless you want to die and then I said
no leave it uncooked I was having a hard
day
