guys we just finished our podcast with
Emma blackery and we played with a bunch
of sex toys they even dropped a hot
candle wax on my chest it was horrifying
how was it I'm pretty wet
sorry that's great I'm very dry check
out the podcast I got accomplished lady
friends I'll put the link oh hey tell me
guys yes I know I am NOT the usual
excited Shane was so pumped up to eat
food and you know why because today's
food is motherfucking subway
I tried Arby's I gave her a chance she
let me down
I tried del Taco I gave her a chance and
she fucked up my stomach you think I'm
gonna sit here and I'm gonna give some
way a chance and you know that bitch is
gonna destroy my asshole just like Jared
destroyed the asshole of all those
little guys well you know where I'll go
with that
subway is gross I don't care if they
never want to have sex pon me ever
because I would never pretend to like
that shit you're going to tell me that
there is one person in the motherfucking
world that has ordered that nasty-ass
tuna melts sandwich you know what that's
gonna do to your insides that's like
walking up to a robber with a gun and
saying shoot me do you want to die don't
answer that
I know a lot of depressed people watch
my channel and I'm here for you but if
you want to die I'll show you how go to
Subway but I'm gonna give it a chance
because I am all about giving chances
that's a lie I'm all about cut people
out of my life and drinking so much diet
soda it's very unhealthy but hey that's
my life stop texting me
alright let's eat some subway okay so
here's the bag she is very heavy oh my
god she smells like pickles no pickles
are the one thing nobody likes I don't
trust motherfuckers who like pickles
like when people are like oh my god I
could just fucking sit on the porch on a
Sunday morning with a big-deal pickle
and just gnaw matsing all day I don't
trust you how if the president you know
what I would do
I will go door to door and saying here's
a pickle and here's a Snickers bar pick
one and if they pick the pickle you know
what I would do I would say leave we
don't need any pickle people we already
have enough hatred in the world all
right let's see
thank God they give us so many napkins
because I'm gonna
you spit in all of that fresh is what we
do really I seen your chicken it's great
I am so mad no tuna no oh my god
this reminds me of poverty I mean we
couldn't afford subway we were poor but
like this is what the government sent us
a lot of tuna Oh God pickles are falling
out the side aah touch me jarett's heard
that before
oh god there's a fucking eyelash in it
that's the grossest thing I've ever seen
like an arm hair I get like you're
making the sandwich and like an arm hair
falls off we're all human an eyelash
bitch were you looking at huh like what
were you doing Oh God okay let's get it
closed up not that you guys want this
but let's get it closed up all right
let's break it open oh damn it you know
what the worst part is I do this to
myself I don't have to do this I could
make any other video but for some reason
I feel like this is something I need I
need to conquer my fear and my fear is a
tuna melt from Subway okay here we go
I'm going in oh my god God God oh the
tune is dripping out the back move
that's gonna be my ass later
uh-huh Oh No aah
I kind of want to show you what I just
spit up I'm not going to because I don't
wanna make you sick but like remember
that viral video of that girl who was
popping that big pimple on her dad's
back and he goes it looks like a braid
that's what I just did except I would
rather beat that than this oh my god
okay you know what is there a meatball
sub in here because I never have that
but I've seen a picture and that's like
the one thing I might fuck up in subway
oh here it is the MV bitch I know what
that means okay I'm excited about this
I'm not gonna lie I've always kind of
wanted to try this I don't think I have
have I ever tried this in a video or in
life well it's gonna be a purse oh my
god you guys are here for my first time
it's a sweet wait what the fuck what is
this
that's not meatballs oh the first time
is always
disappointment literally what the fuck
is this oh wait yes it is oh my god I
opened it up and there was a surprise
inside this is just like my first time
oh my god okay okay she's ready she's
ready now look at that look at that
little ball popping out haha
once again something I said during my
first time oh this is going to be
interesting on excited okay here we go
dazzle ball see that's bomb that's what
they should do
that's all they should do a fucking
onion just flew out it in my hand I'm I
throw up like subway you need to do this
stop it with all the other sandwiches
stop it with a weird spokespeople your
spokesperson should just be a big
meatball but keep him away from the
children
and then instead of eat fresh it could
just be eat balls which in that case you
could just keep Jarrod as the
spokesperson no this is really fucking
good bomb bomb okay you know what I'm
gonna take a little sandwich break cuz I
see a little baggie in here and I think
this is a motherfucking cookie
now how could subway fucker could be
they did what the fuck is that
what are those that looks like me in
middle school just a bunch of nasty-ass
red pimples and a bunch of pop ones why
don't their chocolate chip how did they
take the easiest thing in the world and
fuck it up it's not even crispy it's
literally melting look just fucking what
so I'm gonna give it a try I feel like I
have tried this before I don't remember
why I tried this before I could trunk a
lot I'm kidding I don't get drunk enough
good we've already talked about this
I've been talking about getting drunk a
lot am I an alcoholic yeah yep here we
go
you know what I'll hate that I'm just
gonna steer clear the little red dots
but like everything else is kind of good
you know what someone you're slowly
turning me you're the Ryan Gosling of
food but what is this ooh this one's
called the new chicken I don't know what
that means but if it means it's not old
chicken like you usually use then I
doubt the one time
a subway I said can I they took us out
or the girl goes sure do you want it
cooked bitch it's chicken there's no
other way to eat it unless you want to
die and then I said no leave it uncooked
I was having a hard day
let's see interesting okay well I can't
really tell what it is yet but it has
that signature sad face look literally
look that's the saddest sandwich you've
ever seen that's like a sad sad emoji
that's like something I'd send somebody
went on a tinder date with and I was
like I'm not feeling it and I've sent a
lot of sad sandwiches okay here we go
let's break in half what is that what
that's emoji I said without tinder date
gave me crabs as a very angry sandwich I
mean it kind of smells good is that
fried chicken this might be good no you
know what what is going on to the bread
that's bread okay alright let's give it
a try
ah that tastes like it has been in the
janitors pocket for an hour
don't ask how I know that that seems
like when you're with your friend and
you're at like Universal Studios and
you're like food you go get some Panda
Express and your friends like oh girl
don't worry bad a cactus and sandwiches
my backpack and you're too nice to be
like ill bitch No
so instead you say oh great whip them
out YUM oh ii took the very bottom my
bag
oh no my lotion exploded well let me
just move that out of the way I go what
is that my hairbrush weird forgot to
clean it yeah you know girl we just we
just go to Panda Express it's fine no no
no I pack your sandwiches we're gonna
eat them okay oh there it is
oh is that a French Dip seems to be
dripping now it's peanut butter and
jelly I have no idea why it's wet what
split it yeah that's when I lose a
friend
next sandwich okay we have two left and
I don't know what either of them are
this one looks like it says stoner on it
which honestly not even stoners would
eat this and this one just says CBK so
I'm gonna guess chicken bacon Kelly
Rowland I don't know we haven't seen her
in a while all right let's try this one
first whoa Oh Kelly Rowland oh girl oh
my god what is this okay I don't I don't
know okay there's definitely bacon in
here but that is definitely not good can
you see that that's why um hi what what
look at that why I asked bacon that
gooey ass
bacon have you ever heard anybody say Oh
dad you know what can I get my bacon
extra raw with um no sizzle and no
crunch yeah I wanted to taste like a
skin just skin scraped right off an ass
yeah real flabby no well that actually
sounds kind of great but this is not
alright let's take a bite
oh yeah oh my god ah that is like oh my
god everything wrong at once all of the
wrongs oh my god all the wrongs sounds
like a really good like rom-com but the
girl dies at the end it gets like real
and then the guy kills himself but they
had a baby and the baby lives its whole
life not doing its parents but then that
baby dies too and they're all together
next sandwich this is the tzuf I don't
know what that means I'm kind of excited
to try it what is that eat what okay so
it just looks like a normal sandwich and
by normal I mean gross but there's like
little Browns in it like little brown
with little brown wets what I'm gonna
make after this video the toilet all
right I'm not gonna drop the sounds I'm
just gonna try to look around that's
kind of good I'm scared because I don't
know what it is but it's kind of good
interesting oh I know I joke a lot about
getting diarrhea after I film these
videos but I actually am getting diary
right now and I have to go I have to go
okay I have to go bye guys thank you so
much for watching this video give it a
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
down there because I make new videos
every single day oh my god it's so spicy
in my ass and also um oh fuck what do I
usually say at this point I'm sorry I'm
getting like that watery feeling in my
mouth cuz like I'm getting diarrhea no
to talk about work you okay oh yeah if
you want to see more videos of me trying
weird fast foods or any other kind of
food I'll put a link to a playlist down
there in the description make sure to
subscribe our to say that okay I love
you guys I'll see you little sandwiches
tomorrow you're not subway to me you are
a Taco Bell and you know how much I love
her okay I'm gonna go explode out my
hole bye
update Wow I just want to come back here
and say that so bye
okay I'm triggered this is transphobic
and also not vegan friendly and also
just fucking gross and I hate it
