hello again welcome back to another
episode of what the fuck vibe my name is
Destry and today we'll be counting down
five hilarious pokemon go fails boom
Funko has been out for a couple weeks
now and it seems like the hype is really
not gone down and everyone seems to be
playing Pokemon go your seven-year-old
knees to the President of Israel who
called security because there was a
Meowth in his office sir starts off with
our first fail it was reported a major
highway accident took place after a man
stopped in the middle of a highway to
catch a Pikachu is it bad that I relate
to this on a spiritual level the amount
of times I've almost killed someone
trying to catch a fucking Eevee from my
car is ridiculous barely know the
specific story is actually fake but many
stories like this to varying degrees
have been popping up all over the world
you guys ok that's a little as many
well-known landmarks are actually
advising visitors not to catch pokemon
there including the Holocaust Museum and
the Westboro Baptist Church apparently
also the Westboro Baptist Church is a
gym currently owned by a Clefairy named
love is love oh god that is beautiful
the Westboro Baptist Church responded by
tweeting we've recruited Jigglypuff to
deal with the sodomite love is love
Clefairy for us wow I did not know that
Jigglypuff hates gays that's upsetting
at number 3 on the list a 19 year old
girl playing Pokemon go who is trying to
discover water Pokemon accidentally
discovered a dead body in a river
instead well what fun is that got it
dead body gonna need to use a gray ball
for this one next of the list is a game
that I like to call a drug deal or
Pakistan has several stories across the
world have been popping up of police
almost arresting people when they see
huge groups of grown men in a park at
nighttime most of these stories the
police had never heard of Pokemon go but
apparently in one of the stories one of
the officers was also an avid player and
when the group told him that there was
an Onix nearby he rushed off to get it
oh my god some youtube so yes to make
matters worse police are now playing
Pokemon Go which all I could imagine
happening when I heard that was officer
please helping please
ah sorry one second there's just a
squirrel here sorry yes I got him what
do you say finally at number five is a
collection of hilarious Pokemon go field
starting with this how to kidnap a grown
man in 2016 and this one honestly what's
more important your wife delivering a
baby or catching a Pidgey and don't pick
the really obvious one all we know from
this picture is that dickless is a giant
pervert and never let him near children
the caption to this picture was when you
about to smash but Pokemon go is life or
alternatively this picture of a divot on
a date who would rather catch pokemon
than listen to another word this girl
has to say come on go the new quickest
way to be single that is it for this
episode of what the fuck five hopefully
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
to give it a like and also subscribe to
the channel if you want to see more like
to see more of me make sure to subscribe
to my channel at youtube.com slash Kevin
SS also if you do like Pokemon go make
sure to check out my Pokemon go series
at youtube.com slash desk bones which is
my gaming channel if you don't want to
check it out I really don't blame me cuz
it's just mostly me catching piggies so
not that fun that's it though guys I
will see you next week for another what
the fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
