hey I was just wondering if I can maybe
come into your house that's a note so
there's a Charizard in there you don't
understand okay
hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news
my name is destory and I just caught a
Bellsprout I'm just glad it's not a
Pidgey or another fucking Ratatat but I
tried to explain to my mom what Pokemon
go was she thought I was crazy
so basically mom I'm trying to catch
invisible monsters that only I can see
in my phone and you throw weird balls at
them and try to capture them for
eternity son are you okay great so this
is one fuck news we talkin about the
crazy-ass side of the news that you
might have missed in the last week the
first thing that I want to talk about
today is Pokemon go the game in just a
few weeks has taken over the world
captivating both old Pokemon fans like
myself who's literally been playing
since blue to kids and seniors alike who
had never heard of Pokemon before now
but as with all good things there is of
course the terrible news that comes from
it this week that's the guy who
threatened to hurt anyone he saw who was
playing Pokemon go why is there was just
one asshole who wants to ruin everything
for everyone can you just let us have a
good time trying to catch our fucking
auditions and goddamn cyclers fuck like
there's two types of people that don't
play Pokemon yo the bitter type that are
pissed because they don't have a
smartphone or service well the type that
tries to convince themselves I'm an
adult I don't have time for invisible
creatures I like to Pokemon before it
was cool and if you're either one of
those stop it okay let's just just stop
it for the man in question 29 year old
Nathan Sirte who's apparently also a
registered sex offender made a post on
Facebook last week saying warning all
you Pokemon go papal tomorrow me and
some friends are taking out modified
paintball guns we go purge lol lol ha ha
ha ha so your ass better not beat walk
post was sent forward to the police in
hauling in Texas but I decided that the
post was enough to be considered a
terroristic threat and issued a warrant
for his arrest as a last Sunday nathan
has been arrested from his home and is
still awaiting trial that's what the
fuck news we all get to enjoy together
that glorious moment when a prank
backfires and the person who was trying
to prank someone
that's last week a 15 year old girl who
tried to dress up like Barney and scare
her friends accidentally got stuck
inside the Barney costume and had to
have fire services cut her out which is
hilarious to try to imagine the phone
call they had to make my god please I
need your
it is of the most drastic nature please
do not forsake me what's wrong sir my
friend's head got stuck in a Barney
costume how does he know I really don't
blame these guys for trying to call the
fire department like it's only there's a
specific service to get someone unstuck
from a Barney costume like who would you
even call no cord is your friend's
Twitter though she was able to get the
Barney suit off after just 45 minutes of
being trapped inside last one thumb up
here is a mom who's in the news before
for making a dress entirely out of
skittles is back in the news for her
awesome dress designing this time the
dress is made 100% out of pubic hair why
this dress is my fucking nightmare but
who likes pubes enough to get millions
of them on a dress I preferably would
like pubes never to exist but if they
are going to exist can they exist on a
person's body and not address also booth
pubes are this long apparently though
the mother of two Sarah Lewis Bryan
began working on the dress shortly after
the success of her skills dress and
wanted to quote meet Lady Gaga's title
of most disgusting dress when she wore
her meet dress too began asking people
on Twitter to send her pubic hair I
don't know what's more disturbing the
fact that she tweeted people asking for
pubic hair but the fact that people
actually set pubic hair to were totally
after she started making the dress she
said she had to wear a face mask to stop
herself from gagging because quote who
wants to eat pubic hair I will say
though at least she knows how disgusting
this is it doesn't think it's like
normal and is like my love pubes
I also almost feel like this could have
been a stab at the fashion industry
because like imagine if she was walking
this dress down a catwalk and the
fashion judges were like that dress if
captivating what is it made of oh this
this is a dress I made entirely out of
pubic hair what get in hey you remember
that veil you like so much that is
actually made from 100% deer vagina
flush whoo also that ring that you're
wearing now is actually made out of an
infant gorillas anus that is it for this
episode of
what the fuck news question of the day
for you guys is what do you think of
Pokemon go are you guys addicted to it
as I am by the way here's the Pokemon
that I currently have not bad if I say
so myself let me know in the comments
down below all of the day's stories as
always in the description down below as
well as all of my links also before you
guys go make sure to check out Shane's
new book that is in stores all over the
world now
I feel very blessed for working for
someone who is so ambitious and awesome
and really just still a role model to me
to this day if you haven't got it what
the fuck are you doing I don't have it
yet because I haven't even left my house
for like five days so I'm going to get
it and so should you also I've just
started a new show on this channel
called what the fuck five you can check
out the first episode here and the
second one is actually airing tomorrow
so I hope you guys aren't there for that
also you can always check out my channel
youtube.com slash captain deafness for
more of me I haven't uploaded there in a
fucking long time but I'm gonna do it
soon so okay that's it guys we'll see
you next time for another what the fuck
news thanks for watching and Fairwinds
you
