what the fuck is happening with the
daughter thing and is it a prank I mean
there's some real life going down so
that's real that's real none of this is
a prank this drama and I tweeted it cuz
I was just in a place and I took it down
I'll just have a private investigator
helping me right now and that's pretty
much I really want us hanging to the
guys oh my god I'm so fucking excited
today I have wanted to make one of these
for so long but I was too scared cuz I
was like oh I'm gonna fuck ya I was
talking to look as good as everybody
else's it's all the same feelings I had
when I went to high school and I found
out you had a change in the locker room
spoiler alert
I fucked it up and it was not the same
as everyone else's but anyways today
we're gonna be making a pizza cake yes
it's supposed to look like this mine's
not gonna look like that Monti may look
like this oh wait no wait that's the
locker room thing go back like this
yeah probably okay so here's what I did
I got a bunch of pizzas from Pizza Hut
these are like little personal pizzas
and they're really fucking small and
cute and it looks like a Senate place
twinning and then I got this cake pan
which is like um a cake pan I'm sure
there's like a special name for it
resent avanthi nothing you let me know
oh my god we should FaceTime her why
would I do that
what if she's naked when she's in the
shower what if she's killing someone I
don't trust those eyes okay and then I
got a bunch of these like Pillsbury
pastry fucking things
I don't know supposedly you just like
lay it in the pan and it cooks and I'm a
chef
I'm also really excited about these
because I guess you like twist them and
they go oops so it's kind of like the
same thing that happens when I unbutton
my jeans but a lot less sad that I
haven't cheese and pizza sauce so here's
what we're gonna do we are going to
preheat the oven which I already did
because I'm a chef and it's at 400
degrees I feel so smart right now I'm
like talking about preheating talking
about degrees without topping roll some
pastry dough like I'm just like really
impressed with myself right now I just
need to take a minute good job Shane
you're almost 30 Congrats let's pop open
to Canada okay so how does this work I
guess you says feel and pop press spoon
against seam and I guess
toxic I don't have a spoon so I did use
my fingers great what is this
I have a night something white on no
well alright so pressing that and then
oh no I already fucked up
Oh roseanne is gonna be so mad at me Oh
exciting ooh the way it pops wait now
what how do I open it do I just squeeze
it out ooh there it is oh wait there's
more in there how do I get down oh this
is like Christmas the Christmas with mom
would take off a rope I don't know all
right there's our first roll of pastry
dough so we take our pan oh we gotta
spray the shit in it so first we spray
our pan just ride around the edges of
the gate Pat fuck don't breathe it it
talks then we're gonna take our job why
am I talking like RuPaul let the best
pizza cake with not mine okay so here's
our dough wait why is it oh fuck I got
crescent rolls I was so proud of myself
remember that good job Shane you're
almost 30 Congrats yeah I'm a fuckup all
right let's just like lay it in here on
the bottom I guess and then just like
just squish it into place once again me
when I'm putting on my pants
okay that's not that bad now look at the
other role on the other side
uh-huh remember when they gave youtubers
our own back sculptures
yeah this is what mine would look like
just torn worn melting yeah wouldn't
look like zoella although so Ellis
didn't really look like zoella see
that's a demon okay so now I'm just
beating the bottom literally everything
I say is gross that's what they'll say
at my funeral
Shane was gross everything he said was
gross well he was fucking disgusting
rest in peace and then they throw me in
a dumpster all right so the bottom is
done now we are just going to put it on
the sides so I'm just going to roll it
around
this is gonna be easy oh yeah this is
looking good all right that doesn't look
too bad I mean it's not Rosanna pansino
but if she had a scary deform brother
who lived in her basement that'd be it
okay not something I are in the pizzas
okay so I think the bottom of our cake
is technically going to be the top
because we're gonna flip it upside down
I have no idea what I'm talking about so
let's put this pizza on the bottom down
like that right yes we'll find out and
then let's put some sauce in there here
let me zoom in so you get a closer look
of everything I'm doing wrong ah there
we go
all-natural pizza sauce only the best
for me I only put all-natural foods in
my body oh my god
no oh yeah my insides are dying all
right so put some sauce and let's just
move it all around whoo this actually
looks kind of good two more all right
yeah yeah ah hell yeah you know I could
do that huh you didn't know I can do all
that huh whoa getting too excited now
good luck yeah okay now let's put some
cheese my hands are so greasy from all
this shit I literally can't do anything
ah there we go
all right cheese I want this thing to be
so gooey like I want to cut into it just
be like just like melting skin I want to
be scary
all right now it's been another pizza on
that it's on the bottom buddy pizza what
is that well no matter I'm going to eat
it anyways that's some more sucks all
right soft an ounce of cheese and I
think we have room for one more pizza I
mean we don't there's no more room but
fucking we're doing it because why
yep that's right kids all right and add
a little more sauce whoo better and a
little more cheese ooh did you hear that
noise our oven is ready for the beach
side or my house is on fire I don't know
what any of these sounds me so this is
my oven I have never used it my whole
time living here so this could be bad
okay cool it's fucking hot also and you
see that it's like galaxy can you
fucking see that
it's like purple light that's awesome
okay so I'm just gonna put it on there
and then hope that it works okay so
we're gonna let that cook for 30 minutes
and then we are going to cut it open I'm
so excited
don't ask why my fingers are galaxy you
get it
season all right guys it has only been
like 10 minutes
but it's smelling really good so let's
see oh my god I'm nervous
ah okay ready see ah ooh that looks
actually oh that looks bomb oh my god
wait is it done it's only been like 10
minutes how do I know ah should I touch
it no I don't know what it is seriously
though look at the galaxy lighting is
that everything like what did I do to
deserve this okay my camera's melting
okay guys I just took her out of the
oven and I'm really really excited
because it actually looks fucking good
oh look at it oh I love my baby okay so
I don't really know like what I should
do next
should I like you know tip it over and
like pull it out should I just cut into
it like this like I don't want to do I
don't want to all fall apart
okay I have my knife so maybe I'll just
like poke at it see like how fragile it
is it feels well burped in some places
oh it's not hot okay feel like I
shouldn't take it out or should I child
try let me try and then like if it's
going bad all stop oh god okay I'll do
this and then I will flip it upside down
Oh
oh my god I'm so nervous okay
okay let me zoom in I gotta see this oh
yeah promo okay ready
oh my god oh my god oh my god
everything's fucking happening Academy
okay okay okay
here we go here we go moment of truth
I'm gonna dress oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh oh my god I'm actually crying
I really am really fucking proud of
myself I mean she looks like she's
bleeding a little bit so let's turn her
over
yeah that's better oh my god oh my god
okay okay let's fucking do this fucking
cut into this bitch oh my god ready guys
ready ready ready okay here we go here
we go one two three okay okay okay and
then let's just cut a slice here okay
and then I'm just going to scoop it on
to this plate oh my god it's working
ahhh oh my god guys I fucking did it I
fucking did it I fucking made a pizza
cake I mean are we all shocked right now
like are you guys all literally looking
at your computer screen going I swear to
God if you're not shocked right now you
don't know me like it must be your first
time on my channel hi I'm Shane I felt
everything up but I didn't fuck this up
okay alright time to try it oh my god
okay okay um I'm see you man
here we go me trying my pizza cake oh my
god oh my god fucking good it's kind of
soft I feel like maybe they're letting a
little longer but honestly I'm happy I
mean like don't get too close
cuz like you all right maybe it's not as
pretty as I thought but it's okay she's
my child I loved her you know she kind
of looks like surgery Channel that's
okay I love her anyway wonder you guys
go that was me making a pizza cake for
the first time I'm fucking proud of
myself I'm excited I hope you're proud
of me and if you want me to try more
foods like this like
actually genuinely try give me a thumbs
up let me know also let me know down the
comments what I should try next maybe a
rainbow cake and also subscribe to my
channel below if you aren't because I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to see more videos I mean
cooking weird stuff I'll put a link to a
playlist right the description below and
of course I've mentioned this every
single day but book is out it gets worse
it's in stores right now it is online
Amazon everywhere that sells books
please please please go pick it up it'd
mean the world to me so proud of it and
okay ultimate or filmmakers versus on my
channel YouTube there comes Larry Nelson
TV is really scary I hope you like it
app and I will see you little pizza
cakes tomorrow bye oh my god I feel like
I'm painting a car does it look like a
car doesn't my face like a fucking old
beat-up car question of the day what
kind of car does my face look like I'm
gonna go with a beat-up Jeep how's the
stripper my name will be Grand Cherokee
just like something huge and gross and
butch
