heads of the guys once again really
quick before this video starts I want to
remind you about my new short film it
gets worse is up right now I'll put a
link at the top of the description below
I really really really hope you guys
fucking love it it's scary it's funny it
has a bunch of youtubers and enjoy
yourself a Trish everybody I know mean
the world to me if you went over and
gave that video thumbs up and checked it
out also my new book it gets worse is
out right now and I'm also on tour right
now so if you want to come meet me I
will put all the locations down below
it's just a really good weekend really
excited ok let's go heads up you guys oh
my god fuck finally I have been waiting
to make this video for months I
literally ordered this product five
haircuts ago like 1800 shit to go about
five showers ago oh no it's been a long
fucking time but it is finally here I
have my Kylie Jenner lip kit which I
just found out for my friend when he
opened it I got the shitty colors I
didn't fucking know
I guess there's like a bunch of
different colors I don't know I just
clicked on one and here it is also if
you're wondering I have like weird stuff
on my face right now I just film some
other videos I think that's actual dog
shit I don't know but it's fine because
we're gonna be adding more shit to her
face now listen I'm gonna give this a
benefit of a doubt because Kylie Jenner
might be a lot of things but she has
good makeup like she knows what she's
doing like she has bad snapchats like
you don't know what she's doing on there
like I followed her for one day and it
made me sad like my snaps are sad hers
are like real sad it's just like her
like covered in dogs and she's like hell
then there's like her eating ice cream
III a.m. and then her alone on the couch
again those are starting to sound a lot
like my snaps maybe I was watching my
own anyways let's get the lip kit on
okay so I have seen a lot of videos
about this lookit a lot of bad reviews
I've also seen a lot of drama like I saw
Jeffrey star made a video saying that
they sucked and then Kylie got mad I
think and a Jeffrey minute another video
it and then Kylie snapped again on her
couch covered in dogs somebody help her
so I really know the drama is so I'm
gonna google it really quick let's just
happen Kylie lip kit bad oh wow okay so
I guess people are mad cuz the wand
there's a wand this magic honestly
whatever turned Kylie Jenner from fat
cat that that's a magician well I guess
the lawns like breaks a lot there's a
picture of it I don't really know what
that means
oh my god somebody compared the one take
Angelica's doll on Rugrats also Demi
Lovato has had that haircut like a
hundred ok well let's see for ourselves
if this lift kit is lift shit oh my god
lip shit that is what my licking with
gold and it actually a box of my shit
and don't worry it will come to a lot
faster than this dip I got a big box
coming right now
ok so let's open this up Oh on the back
it says Kylie's tips lying lips with lip
liner and fill lips with lip color Kylie
I know some of your fans might be stupid
I know I might be stupid that's a whole
new level of stupid to not know how to
do that value like putting instructions
on the back of a Crunchwrap supreme
shove entire Crunchwrap supreme down
your throat don't even chew is bob well
that's just how I eat it ok so let's see
what's in here
Wow ok so we have here I should get
closer like a real guru ill haha I told
you my face is fucked leave me alone ok
so we have this which is why don't I
make the ugly faces when I look at
things oh my god is that what I'm like
during sex I didn't even think about
that like you take your clothes out for
the first time in front of the person
and they take their clothes off and then
I go what oh no I'm just looking that
looks good I'm the worst okay so this is
rogue eh wait is that the color no wait
what's the color is there not a name
should there be in it Mary Jo wait what
what the fuck is the name I I don't know
matte liquid lipstick that's what they
won't say I still have like cute little
names like I thought it was like candy
and Chloe that's bullshit well we'll
just have to make a problem named Sam
i'ma call this ketchup and good burger
sauce doesn't that look just like good
burger sauce you guys remember that
movie oh I've had at least one dream a
week about that big-ass burger not the
good burger but the burger across the
street I don't know what it was called
it was like this big oh my god my dreams
are usually all about food or all about
me getting stabbed okay so let's start
with a good burger sauce color um so I
guess we put the lip liner on first
Jenna get even closer ill okay so first
we're just going to take the liner and
tuck and push it up how the fuck does
that work um it's not fucking working
wait how does this work
it doesn't twist what the fuck what
happened
Heller my friend tried it out maybe he
fucked it up I don't know what the fuck
okay well that's broken but I'm not
gonna blame Carly for that that could
have been my friend being an asshole so
let's try this one okay there she goes
what's just long but I feel like we
should make them a little bigger than my
actual lips like to really match Pilate
where her lips look like oh yeah I'm
gaping go see go Google that come here
uh-huh
like right around there really natural
like okay am i grabbed of my asshole lip
aha and there we go this looks like a
snapchat filter you know like the
pervert one yeah that's me oh my god oh
I kind of look like a Kardashian don't I
here buy this yeah nailed it okay now
that we have our exterior done we're
going to fill it in now we can't use the
good burger because while the fucking
lip liner is broken as fuck so we're
just going to use to catch up okay one
looks good to me doesn't it fuck oh my
god that smells fucking good am I gonna
get half of this oh shit
oh no oh god oh god it's literally not
coming off of anything fuck this is
actual paint what is this ah all right
we're just gonna leave that there you
know it's hip it looks like a little
nosebleed a lot of scars get nose please
and it's a side effect of too much
cocaine now I don't do cocaine but I do
get finger
from eat much but way too fast okay well
now I just have to got beat the fuck up
alright so let's fill in our lips whoa
okay listen I don't know anything about
makeup but I have used a lot of it in
videos this feels really good and also
like kind of looks like paint or
something right and I have a hater I'm
the world's biggest hater and this is
not sponsored but like I'm kinda into
this fuck look oh my god I feel like I'm
painting a car does it look like a car
doesn't make face look like a fucking
old beat-up car
question of the day what kind of car
does my face look like I'm gonna go with
a beat-up Jeep how's the stripper my
name will be Grand Cherokee just like
something huge and gross and butch oh my
god am I done did I do it guys
let's look at the big reveal Kylie's at
you oh my god I look like a clown haha
look at why my teeth look damn I'm into
this it looks good I mean listen I want
to hate on this but it kinda is
everything right I mean I look insane
look like an actual crazy cloud I look
like that cloud of American Horror Story
that like raped people you know what I'm
talking about
yeah that's me so like I'm not like
getting the Kylee from it I'm getting
like the Chloe before she had her glow
up
by the way if you don't know what a glow
up is I just found out about this a glow
of is when somebody gets famous and then
they kind of get like a makeover like a
glow up and youtubers do this to uh
jennxpenn before Jennifer Globa Trevor
Moran before a trouble uncle chin
Gossett before a shade off and voila
yeah it gets worse it bookstores now oh
my god I'm turning into a car - I'm
promoting all my shit what's next Tonica
wait are they still together way I'm
confused and who's Tiger like what's his
song you see that Eva
hellooo God their daddy Danny you know
also who's Courtney with and who does
Caitlyn fuck have we figured that out
yet
who is she fucking me pretty soon I
doesn't it look like I look like I just
got fucked by Caitlyn Jenner ha ha ha
and just fucking destroyed me bitch you
know what I'm gonna do it really quick
I'm gonna take a picture on my snapchat
like Kylie me too and I'm gonna see what
you guys have to say about my look hey
guys in one word tell me how I look
right now
alright let's see what you think alright
Joslyn said fugly thanks John Haley said
Miranda sings I see that sarah said sad
Maggie said broken to me if I get it and
faith said my dad no judgment
well you guys go off will you enjoy
watching me test out the Kylie Jenner
lip kit honestly I think it's good I
don't know I mean I don't know shit
about makeup I just really hope it
fucking comes off cuz I don't I don't
want this to be me I mean I don't want
this to be me either you know but just
waiting on my glow up once again this is
not sponsored I don't fucking know
anything about makeup don't buy it buy
out the fuck I'm just a broken dad
living a sad life
All Right see guys make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
down below because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more videos of me trying girl products
makeup another shit like
I'll put a link to a playlist right
below and I'll see you little lip kits
tomorrow bye well there's nothing the
Illuminati hates more than when you joke
about them and right after that
interview is when things started
shutting down in your career so all I
know is dr. Luke also writes songs for
Katy Perry Miley Cyrus and pretty much
every other pop star in the business and
all of those other pop stars have been
linked to the Illuminati too
