guys can we just finish podcast with
Jesse how did it go it was dope thank
you so much for having me sir I didn't
pull one prank I was surprised I was
waiting oh well I did for 18 times
underneath it you didn't I hear is this
your chair mm-hmm I sat down that just
smell like that you know that parts
Mountain it's you big break guys check
out the bag on top I've done this and
clever consolation your friends and it
was really great
sure had to be good yes today I'm going
to be a basic white ass bitch and drink
some Starbucks actually know what the
more I think about it I am NOT basic
it's like in school isn't basic like the
lowest form of class it's like the
easiest right like basic math is like
one plus one is two
yeah I'm a little more complicated see
I'm more like one plus one is oh my god
what the fuck am I doing with my life
how am I gonna survive am I gonna wake
up tomorrow it's a little more cocky I'm
an AP bitch an AP bitch who's gonna fail
anyways let's drink okay so I went to
Starbucks and I got a bunch of items
from their secret menu and you know what
happens when you order items from their
secret menu
a lot of this hi yes can I get a
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Frappuccino we
don't have that no no see you go online
it's like a secret menu happiness on
BuzzFeed it's really fun I don't have
time to go on BuzzFeed
I work no don't worry about it I printed
it up okay here's the recipe mmm it's
long I'm gonna let you in on a little
secret I map in your cup
oh you're funny
yeah they don't like that but who cares
I made him do it anyway so let's drink
some piss alright the first item I'm
gonna try I'm so fucking excited about
because this was my favorite cereal
growing up this is the Cinnamon Toast
Crunch Frappuccino so it looks pretty
normal there's like no crazy chunks in
it I mean I wouldn't be mad that there
was like some whipped cream on top of
the old cinnamon toast bread pieces
sprinkled on top but you know I'm not
gonna beg oh you want some shit on top
sure I got you
let's drink okay interesting I taste the
shit that's started real good it started
like that flavor like it's not gonna get
to the bottom of the Cinnamon Toast
Crunch Bowl which is real fast for me
and they just slurp up that milk while
you're watching Barney which by the way
Barney is so fucking creepy if you think
about it some big grown-ass dinosaur
mother fucking pervert talking to a
bunch of little kids making them dancing
and I love you and you know dinosaurs
are not that sweet I see dress--i Park 1
2 3 and world they were just waiting to
snap anyways it's started good and then
it took a turn like it started
addressing Park and then it ended his
dress apart 3 when that Raptor started
talking
oh yeah that was bad I don't know
something about it just taste off to me
by the way I don't know if you ever read
these like the Sharpie that they write
on the side of it it makes no fucking
sense cd-i HCD powder wmf literally next
friend oh my god here she is the star of
the show the purple drink now I only
know the purple drink that like rappers
and Justin Bieber drank and that's like
cough syrup mixed with Fanta mixed with
rape allegations so I'm really excited
to try it there's like some chunks in it
I don't know what that is but I guess I
should like mix it up Lou it's kind of
pretty when you mix it all up look at
that look how pretty it is all right
let's try what ha now I don't believe
anything on Instagram I mean I already
did I mean between on the face tuning
and the fake smiling and the fake
youtuber couples who look happy there's
just a lot not to trust I mean
especially the YouTube couples can you
imagine being in a relationship with a
youtuber hey baby I was thinking we
could have a romantic night you know
light some candles get some dinner turn
on some music maybe vlog a little bit
great that sounds great babe ya know
getting my thumbnail but can you help me
bitch yeah it's dark but this drink is
worse than that they kind of taste like
huh there's a medicine called Metamucil
and you drink it when you want to
diarrhea that's exactly what this tastes
like but I'm still me Instagram with
because I'm a basic ass bitch hashtag
drink
okay this next one I'm actually afraid
of it's called liquid cocaine now I've
never even tried non liquid cocaine I
know you're shocked one time I showed
the tylenol on my ass now that's only
because I heard that your ass soaks up
medicine faster and I had a really bad
headache I really wanted to go away so
you know right up the ass
it didn't work but I did turn my ass
into an actual PEZ dispenser it that was
fun
question of the day what's a weirdest
thing you ever put up in your ass mine's
cat food don't ask
alright here we go liquid cocaine I
don't know what's at the bottom of
appetite here we go what the fuck
okay whatever this is is very thick and
it's not coming out you know that's
wrong I want to make a sexy face that's
really gross oh sorry honey it's really
thick and it's just not coming out you
need to drink more water
oh my loans are always really then what
are we doing okay oh good is it though
company I don't know I'm conflicted I'm
Catholic a hair that was everything this
is liquid avril liquid Avro that's how I
kill her it's slide our house in Canada
I'd wear a jacket don't worry I know
it's cold and I slowly walk up her steps
and while I was walking I'd say it's a
damn cold night and then she'd wake up
and say babe what's that do you hear
that I no man would say actually whiff I
don't picture as a man is she married
I don't know I think she's alone even
better so then I knock on the door she
answers who are you I'm just a boy and
you're just a girl can I make it any
more obvious and then well you don't
happen touch man then I put her into a
blender drink her up and now she's
inside of me forever
no I'm just kidding I do love her a lot
though and I really wish I could drink
her shot stronger nigga dog nah fact is
liquid cocaine I mean this is bomb I
don't know what the fuck is in it I'm
guessing that some kind of like
condensed milk a lot of sugar a lot of
caffeine because well hello but all in
all I'm gonna say this is the best thing
I've tasted so far but that might change
because next we have the Girl Scout
cookie now I don't know what flavor this
is it just said Girl Scout cookie unless
they meant Girl Scout because honestly I
would drink that bitch too let's give it
a try
it's motherfucking Thin Mint ah fuck you
Girl Scouts
fuck you Starbucks fuck you mate I'm not
gonna go on the rant again because I
have a rancid about this to lunch
I don't want Nick in my chocolate I
don't want to faith in my dessert I do
not brush my teeth but I do eat
chocolate now when I go to the dentist
and she says what the fuck is that I say
my mouth bitch and out of care that it's
crusty I don't care that it has plaque I
don't care that I have so many cavities
that it hurts to talk I don't care
because the flavor of mint that's just
something I don't want anywhere near me
like a girl would taste amazing drinking
anything mint that would taste like you
know that fat guy that drives around the
school memoral golf cart and like he
calls himself a security guard he ain't
got a gun yeah it would taste like him
blend it up let's call him growl now
Ralph is a sad man he's married but she
cheats on him with his brother Mike
Mike's good I would drink Mike like
Ralph goes home and his daughter Cindy
goes who are you and he goes it's me
your dad oh that's right mom there's an
sad fat mailman at our door should I
shoot him yeah honey thanks mom
this is America we have the right to
bear arms on our own
mailman Cindy it's me and also how do
you have a gun and I don't have a
security guard because you're a fat
loser and they don't want to give you
one but I have a golf cart and it's so
fun people love getting rides on it damn
mailman that's sad you know what I'm
gonna cut that store before it gets any
weirder why am I talking about a girl
shooting her Oh dad
oh that's right to liquid cocaine back
to this it's fucking gross next okay
this last one is called the raspberry
caramel macchiato
now I've never had a caramel macchiato
before so I don't really know to expect
it sounds like something a Mexican girl
but to scrap herself on tinder ass I
like to describe myself as raw chicken
color yeah gets me all the ass all right
here we go that is surprisingly good you
know why look at the bottom
that's pure caramel syrup hold on let me
get another tip huh oh my god that's ba
ba ba it tastes like a um like a
chocolate milk that somebody dropped a
Werther's original in by the way I was
talking about this when I friend the
other day I had a dream that my mom hid
a Werther's original inside her and then
she spread her like I said Shan eating
me out to find the word there's I don't
know what that means but all I'm gonna
say is I'm not bomb boy you guys go hook
up his feet trying secret menu added
them Starbucks and it got really fucking
weird I am sorry I think it's number one
because it's a lot of caffeine but
number two I'm so fucking excited guys
because tomorrow is my birthday my short
film it gets worse comes out my book
comes out I'm going on book tour I'll be
in Houston tomorrow I'm just so fucking
excited and ready for you guys to see
the short film I get the book and so I'm
going to go and I hope you guys have fun
today make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe
right down there cuz I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more videos of me trying weird fast
foods or weird food in general I will
put a link to a playlist or right down
below
alright you go to secret menu item so
see you LaLanne 2016 okay that's
definitely not her now but this
situation whatever this pose
is is a lot that's first of all
Illuminati confirmed second of all I
have that way third of all if I try to
do that by far and if you wet
