hello again welcome to the very first
episode of what the fuck five little
interruption my name is destory smith
some of you guys may know me from doing
what the fuck leaders on this channel
some of you may know me from my own
channel Captain Estes and some of you
may know me as the pokemon trainer and
pok√©mon go that is much better than you
and that is how you make everyone hate
you in five seconds off to a really
great start so facts about me I really
loved wok of only quesadillas I love
cats here's a picture of mine also much
to my guidance counselor in high school
surprised in about half of my high
school class
I'm actually not gay so there's that I
love redheads and I think if I could
marry any Disney character it would
probably be Merida from brick she's just
so sexy I also can't do a Scottish
accent for some reason I don't know but
in the show we'll be counting down five
things from categories ranging from
youtubers and celebrities to weird
things and lovable misfits such as
myself and what better to start off on
than a list of celebrities and misfits
with five Disney stars that have gone to
rehab what is it about being a child
star that seems to fuck up so many
people some of them seem to handle the
spotlight fine while others turn into
Miley Cyrus to start off the list we
have Selena Gomez and sorrow Wizards of
Waverly Place who checked into the
meadows recovery center in Wickenburg
Arizona for quote emotional issues as
well as partying maybe shared a Justin
Bieber song at a party it had to be
ejected for an emotional trauma in which
case I don't live it probably went
something like ah it's so awful why did
I take this guy according to TMZ no she
left after apparently only two weeks of
recovery next on the list is Demi Lovato
star of sunny with a chance who checked
into rehab in 2010 for eating disorders
self-harm and drug abuse according to
Lovato she said I was obsessed over food
and terrified of it at the same time
which I totally understand every time I
see a Taco Bell burritos I really want
to eat that but at the same time I
really don't want catastrophic diarrhea
Lovato apparently spent three months at
the rehab center and was released from
care in 2011 and has been dedicated to
sticking to her recovery since then well
done I'm sure all your fans and even
your mysterious sister Paula vato are
very proud of you I never
on the list we have Zac Efron the star
of High School Musical who checked into
rehab in 2013 for alcohol issues but
according to TMZ may have actually been
because of a cocaine addiction when I
first heard that he had gone to rehab I
thought but maybe it was because of how
many times it's voice cracked in the
movie 17 again because holy shit really
good movie though morning Tiffany
sources though Efron continued to drink
even after rehab a little is known or
said about his cocaine addiction coming
in at number four is Shia LaBeouf known
most for his work from the Disney
Channel show even Stephens in the Disney
adventure film holes in 2003 LaBeouf was
apparently checked into rehab in 2014
for alcoholism following an event of
disruption during the play where he
stood up shouted and apparently slapped
an actor on the ass Oh Shia he
apparently voluntarily went to rehab
because he did so according to TMZ got a
high-five from the judge now I want a
high five the judge that'd be so cool
you did murder hooker today high five
alright I didn't murder anyone today
this of course all before Shia LaBeouf
became a walking meme and motivating
people to follow their dreams just do it
less on the list how can we make a list
of human disasters without mentioning
Lindsay Lohan
a girl has been three have four times
than anyone on this list combined in
fact just typing the word we have in her
Wikipedia search gives you 41 results
Lindsay Dunne best known for her work on
the Disney movies new Parent Trap and
Freaky Friday Friday
my boys crack their sorry must be
turning into 2007 Zac Efron my bad
anyways Lizzie first voluntarily went to
rehab in 2007 for drug abuse when she
stayed 30 days with a wonderland Center
in Los Angeles she was checked back into
rehab in the same year for driving drunk
and went to the promises treatment
center in Malibu for 45 days two weeks
later she was arrested again for
allegedly trying to run someone over
while under the influence of alcohol and
cocaine was checked in the cerclage
treatment center in Sundance Utah then
in 2010 she was checked into a mandatory
rehab facility center for failing to
complete her alcohol classes the last in
June of 2012 she returned for the last
time for drinking and driving yet again
when she suffered minor injuries after
getting into a car accident what the
fuck I'm beginning to think she just
likes it in rehab like fuck if I was in
rehab
once I probably be like okay yeah should
probably get my shit together
but six times Cindy rehab is not like
collecting pokemon gym badges okay but
that is it for this first episode of
what the fuck five if you enjoyed it
please make sure to like the video and
also subscribe to see more if you'd like
to see more of me make sure to also
subscribe to my channel youtube.com
slash captain Vestas click right yeah
you won't fucking regret it still still
can't do a scottish accent but seeing as
how this is the first episode also
please let me know in the comments down
below what you'd want to see from future
what the fuck five episodes and I'll
check those out that said though guys
I'll see you next time for another one -
fuck five thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
