hey let's be guys okay so today I wanted
to try something a little bit different
I'm really obsessed with where are they
now I love looking at pictures of what
child stars look like in 2016
sometimes you find out people on the
show is used to watch are dead and
sometimes it gets kind of scary you find
out maybe they murdered somebody or
maybe they're in jail or rehab sometimes
I'm up all night just like googling and
watching YouTube clips and just trying
to find out where they are so I thought
maybe it would be a fun series if I did
that with you guys that's what we're
going to do today so one of my favorite
shows growing up was Lizzie McGuire I
fucking love that show of course was
starring Hilary Duff the fucking Queen
and it's just her living her life and
showing all her struggles and her
problems in her bad fashion sense and
she talks to the voices in her head it's
actually my life and since the show we
know exactly what's happened to Hilary
Duff she's killing it she has a baby she
has her straining order against me now
that's not true but it did make her very
uncomfortable anyways we're gonna see
where the rest of the cast is okay so I
have my laptop and I'm going to be
googling and showing you guys my screen
okay so I'm on Google so let's type in
Lizzie look why okay so let's go to IMDB
oh my god first of all this picture is
everything
oh just her looking Sohyun her little
bed laying down has a go hand on her
little cheek oh my god she's so cute she
really should be a restraining order for
me all right let's see who else is in
the cast LaLanne Wow okay I lock him up
first of all little-known fact I did a
video with Lillian like 5 years ago the
videos are really fucking hard to
explain basically it was like her
playing herself and then I shot in the
head check it out well I can't get you
her but I can get you Gordo
yeah it was pretty fucked up but she was
so nice and she came to my house and I
was like hey can you like bring like
Miranda kind of clothes and maybe like
do your hair like Miranda style I
thought she'd be super pissed about it
and be like uh no fuck you that was like
20 years ago bitch went to my bathroom
came back out looking at just like
Miranda it was one investment tonight
whoo wait here's a link here's what Lil
Wayne from Lizzie McGuire has been up to
since the show yes bitch gift oh my God
look at her in her squad okay that's me
that's Meghan Trainor
that's a Taylor Swift oh my god it's
like a bootleg ass version of Taylor's
squad can I join wait let's see what she
looks like now I haven't seen her
involved Lil Wayne 2016 okay that's
definitely not her now but this
situation whatever this pose is is a lot
that's first of all Illuminati confirmed
second of all I have that way third of
all if I try to do that by far and it be
wet whoo she's an Instagram against go
to that okay why can this bitch do
galaxy nails better than I can
that's not fair that's her naked oh my
god she's naked she's on top of a hairy
guy that could be B wait is this her
naked again what is the hell is that her
does she have hairy shoulders I love
that that's the picture of me that's a
selfie
that's me before I face to that shit I
mean she looks fucking good that looks
just like she did back in the day she's
killing it also she's naked over oh my
god that's even fucking Kraft he looks
good too who's that good I mean you got
a picture of like Ethan Kraft and
Brandon and I'm like who the fuck is
this and what is tied to his head dude
I'm gonna feel bad that's like a hearing
aid but I think it's just do she has
sunglasses on backwards all right so
let's leave her and go to Adam Lambert
oh my god he was gored Oh
I didn't even in forever I think he left
acting let's see Adam Lambert nope not
Lambert Wow
so crazy when people grow up but that's
the dumbest thing I've ever said well
like I feel like even me like when I
look at pictures of me back in the day
versus me now I literally look like I'm
dying
so I relate to this it's crazy don't
they how old
see quick call to see 31 Wow something
tells me he loves weed Tucson right so
what is he doing now
oh wait here we go oh there's him on a
boat that has everything
oh it says he might not be acting
anymore but when Berg has tons of
projects that keep him very busy but
what's this project is it charity is he
like building a school does he make
those hats I'm confused
hold on I need is more research well
this is 2009 which was a while ago but
still like not that long ago let's see
how a ghost you tell us about your role
one beautiful loser
oh yes Reggie is facing via rather
ambition of this
I love new oh my god and then half the
movie is on all the way he says movie
bully half the movie oh god I love him
what's the last movie he's been in
because I need to go rent it that one
alright it's been a while oh my god
they'll call back Adam I literally can't
find anything else about him maybe if I
touch 2016 oh my god if we found out he
died you see a grown man cry oh here we
go he now lives in New York City where
he's a developmental associate at the
Irish Art Center
oh cool all right so he's alive that's
all I wanted all right who else oh my
god Jake Thomas so he was a little boy
and I actually know what he's up to
because I follow him on Twitter and he
thought me back huh
and he did Joey Graceffa some like
webseries a couple years ago so he's
around that's actually good as Twitter
the hell does he tweet about okay still
following me good that could've been
embarrassing ooh
Tokyo last week New York this week
definitely a contrast between the two
cities I love a good bullshit-ass artsy
tweet ooh he looks good though look at
him
Wow how old is he 26 how did that happen
okay so he likes to take pictures of
getting that let's see him talk though
wait hold up this is him in Joey's web
series can you uh super-awesome define
my timing grow tree trunks literally me
on a tinder date like what do you do
can you fucking shoot fireballs because
if you can't by okay so he can still act
okay proud of him all right next person
who actually really up okay she played
Kate Sanders now she fucking lived like
really close to me when I was a kid in
long beach and she went to my brother's
high school bitch it was everything and
I hear stories about her and I hear that
she'd be walking around the school she
was the fucking shit cuz guess what she
was okay let's look her up oh my god so
I said I'm at the copy-paste that name
no posessions confuse her actually
brother you got bits too many letters
Wow people are already oh no people are
searching it and death came up this
could get emotional oh my god please
don't be dead please don't be dead is
she dead wait no she's an Instagram oh
no no no okay okay hold on oh my god
okay
well Jim just wears his Twitter this is
definitely not real she's literally
tweeting Hilary Duff hey Lindsey
haha of the fake-ass bitch if I've ever
seen one
wait oh my god is she's dead guys this
is not good but we kisses her oh she
went to college she looks good she's
smart okay wait why are people saying
dead let's look better oh my god there's
an obituary oh no oh oh my god that was
terrifying I did not like that
so I guess she just doesn't want to be
on TV anymore okay here we go
she's happily married with her husband
Joe okay she's a baby girl and she says
at the moment I'm focusing on being a
mom to this amazing little human being
and in the next few months I plan on
looking for a job as a lawyer I love
that I love a child stars grow up and
they pick like a different pattern like
you know I'm gonna be a lawyer I'll be a
teacher I don't need to like be in the
limelight and get a DUI for attention
Wow good for you Kate Sanders
oh wait that's not it good for you
Ashley boom I last but not least Ethan
fucking craft or his real name is
Clayton Snyder all right bitch where you
went huh Wow
whoa she's killing it whoa his arms are
like my legs
well his arms are muscular my legs are
not I just meant like size-wise is that
even too damn good for him okay what was
the last can use in muncie wait what is
this
however telling me to see that Clayton
we're gonna skip over that because
that's embarrassing okay so supposedly
he's seven he's still acting so let's
see if he's anything damn look at this
one two three four five six seven eight
nine he's literally gonna nine things in
the last year
fucking killing it what is this her side
of the bed they're naked wait is that
him babes no oh my god
fucking beep first of all Bebe's body is
better than mine Oh what the fuck
hmm beans oh my computer just died well
on that note videos over cuz my
computer's dead next time I'll charge it
longer but no I think that was a lot of
fun you guys liked that I had a lot of
fun doing that let me know in the
comments also give me a thumbs up if you
want me to do more of these and let me
know what I should do next did I do
even Stevens or should I do like an old
movie like Little Rascals or something
no no let me know also make sure to
subscribe down below because I think new
videos every single day and once again
next week my book comes out and I'm
going on a book tour so please please
please come see me and get the book ah
and I will see you little where they now
is tomorrow cuz that's where you'll be
now what bye
because I'm all about equality and I'm
all about hashtag Love Wins we are going
to put in a fish fillet now listen I'm
not into fish filet I'd rather fish
fillet my body down on the train track
and kill myself but I want to commit and
you guys wanted me to put everything in
it so I'm going to I'm not going to put
whatever that sauce is because that's
tartar sauce and I'm done my mouth
