hey check it out I was really good we
talked about a lot of sex and a lot of
things and it got really uncomfortable
checkout you I is this brain friendly
enough YouTube guys guess what today we
are going to do 73 questions I have one
question right away
where are our stockings bring over a D
okay so here is my thought
everybody's doing these 73 question
videos right now and it's kind of
depressing because clearly they're just
sad that Bogue isn't asking them to do
it so they're doing it themselves yeah
but like oh she's different she's better
than all of us huh
stop flirting please we're on the same
level is like James Charles and Gigi
gorgeous have you ever peed your pants
like every week but because 73 questions
is always so scripted I thought why
don't we do one where we don't know the
questions we don't plan anything we have
no idea what we're doing and it has to
be in one tank no edits that's scary
you're going to stand by the cameraman
and you were going to count all the
questions I'll give you free merch I
already bought my own good everybody
should go to a shame cause when you get
there okay I'm sorry I think we should
switch off right like I'll do five or
six questions and then you come in and
then everybody has to answer questions
wait no edits like this video is just
gonna be like right did you fart yes
it's a challenge we have to go fast we
have to be quick
we have to answer fast we need funny
props we need little bits you brought
some random shit right okay I brought
some random stuff yes plug up a veteran
I think what we could do with him is it
get wet he actually likes it when you
throw them so joke's on you I know me
great blow torch drop sword only comes
whoa
make up oh my god you can throw in drama
school you'll recognize this the doll
over your face oh my play button well
this is kind of crazy but I brought it
whip oh babe which is really great what
is that oh my god I like illegal Wow oh
my god
I know I just don't know why I brought
weapons okay this is been triggering so
I guess we're just gonna do it I don't
know I have no idea what we're doing but
we're gonna do it guys are you ready for
the 73 question challenge yes diva mode
activated I'm a star
let's do it okay
here at the house of Shane Shane pretty
good nice you need some help oh you got
this oh boy hmm oh there he goes what
are you doing in there oh just gardening
is that one of your hobbies
um gardening eating thinking about
killing myself sorry what was that last
thing nothing okay
oh you have a pool you ever go swimming
in there not really I don't like to take
my shirt off what you got there my
friend I talk to him sometimes
I love that thing I don't okay will you
ever take your shirt off
actually no what I will right now oh
nice
this feels inspiring okay how long you
lived in this house
Oh me or me and all the demons oh okay
oh do you have a barbecue you know what
I was think about having a barbecue
right now nice oh I forgot I cook this
last night Wow what's up
I'm good thank you me too that your baby
your I want you to do that for a long
time
mind if we see the inside of the house
sure cool mm-hmm oh is that your cat
yeah he loves me
nice oh yeah I don't think he likes that
links go inside okay so how do you mean
your boyfriend oh my sister okay I
thought use your boyfriend okay nice
well you got a Christmas tree cool I
know it's pretty early it's not even
December yet but uh what's a Christmas
is a good time when you were a kid
liking your child no okay sounds good so
can you give me something this was here
why'd you forget that was there why was
it in there in the first place I like to
look at it and I want to put it
somewhere that I would be the most so I
put it in the fridge
sounds good it seems like you planned
this very much
you want a soda sure thank you oh I
don't want you to shake it up alliant
one oh I'm good
she what sauce best describes your
personality oh I don't have any zesty
ranch so I'm gonna go with sriracha I
almost forgot I have something in the
dishwasher all right okay whatever whip
yeah oh I'm sorry
uh uh why do you have that whip nice can
you please not with drew oh I'm already
doing it ready got it yes
do you wanna buy sure take the doughnuts
chocolate raised of course sounds good
what do you guys do any normally hang
out okay what's your favorite movie
buddy oh okay all right well let's go
get that away from you I think we're
good oh hey thank you wants to take over
hi Oh what do you like to do on your off
days I do things that I never do I take
showers I have fun what's your favorite
thing to watch on television I like to
watch things like Arthur things that
remind me of when I was young
give me two words to describe what
happened when you were young when I was
young a lot of problems happened they
gave me problems later
now I'm problematic what song do you
sing when you're home alone
I like to sing the intro to welcome to
The Black Parade the piano part what's
your favorite meal my favorite meal is
too easy maths put together in one why
do you think Mac's are so easy max
aren't easy it's hard what's your dream
job my dream job is anything else when
was the last day you went on so long
what's your favorite thing about women
well the way that their boobies just
stay a part of their body and don't fall
off even if they get on a roller coaster
what's your favorite roller coaster this
one if you could go to actually better
question if you had to kill a youtuber
which one would you kill the one right
ahead of me OOP
do we want to pass it off to Garrett oh
I could answer a few questions sure okay
hi Garrett what's your favorite thing to
do with your grandparents talk about
what I'm gay makes them scared they
tremble hmm why don't you show us
something in that room
actually I changed my mind
let's go to the gym okay do you like the
gym oh I've never seen one in my life
right now well this is the general just
past the gym what that's we're supposed
to go in the gym I don't know what those
things are for Oh what are you doing
here I don't know just having fun Oh
who's your favorite youtuber to watch on
a fighting
mmm I'm probably saying oh my god no um
probably just if it does you could MOOC
bang with any food what would it be
mmm probably she picked us Oh kind of
nibble on her interesting hey why don't
you show us how this treadmill works
easy as that then you just get to finish
hell hmm why don't you show me something
I don't know upstairs
wow I've never seen you run in my life
any questions Oh what are you doing in
here what what is all that back there oh
don't worry we'll blur it hey what's in
that bottle right there it seems like
maybe you might have piston hooks you
were too lazy to get and go to the
actual bathroom scene is that piss no
cheating is that piss do you want me to
test it drink piss Jesus Shane what is
this
it's Powerade I was sick if this smells
like piss I'm gonna hit you okay it's
fucking piss dude why don't you you are
so great Rylan why do you let him do
this I can't stop him I've tried this is
a moment sorry he does it even instead
of the toilet he'll choose back instead
of it I can't believe you just made me
smell piss this isn't for the video kids
shit I was so gross how many questions
are we
oh well lots of different types of pants
that do different types of things
Oh like what well this won't covers you
up what's your favorite type of pants
aware my favorite type of pants to wear
something that gives me a little more
attention than I should be getting
mm-hmm
who do you like to get attention from oh
just the people with money oh why don't
we look through this bucket oh I
wouldn't catch that fun shirts you
should take one and put it on wait
there's finishers do you take off my
outer shirt I was having fun with this
video until that piss thing Oh No make
sure you don't show any actual fly so
it's gonna be a bit for the video Oh
like it taking off your shirt thing
already do that though no it's fine I'm
so grossed out I'm gonna puke mmm oh
what's that
this is a shirt about my friends this is
a shirt with my best friend favorite
show on it oh he never comes on the
shirt right oh you know what we should
write a skateboard do you like sports
well I never did know when I was younger
because they wouldn't let me what were
you most insecure about as a kid the way
that my face looks what about as an
adult well the face hasn't changed much
I think it's gotten worse what's the
worst thing about your life that I can't
Ollie how did you even know it and all
he was I noted Ollie was from rocket
power you chump
Oh violent looks like it's your turn to
answer a few questions well here yeah oh
sure it will you keep track I don't know
how to count well who's that this is my
boyfriend sheet Oh Oh what you got the
favorite thing to do together we cuddle
when our boyfriend's jacking off to porn
downstairs
what's the grossest man your boyfriend
has ever actually asked you to do oh he
on him oh wow look at these decorations
who did that oh I did them myself no
help from my boyfriend Chino Oh what's
your favorite thing about Christmas oh I
love the presents
what present do you want this year for
my boyfriend to stop jacking off to porn
what's the best thing about your New
York Times bestseller boyfriend Shane
Dawson and that youtuber in director oh
I get to live in this beautiful house
how many questions we have left about
two my question is did you pee on Shane
yes Oh Shane to get the last question I
get is your camera I'll try here I can
do this Oh oh my god last question last
question who has it
oh my god oh my god oh my get off oh my
god I got this what's the best thing
about diet coke it's spicy
okay he answered it so you still have a
question here
but I agree what's the grossest thing
that you've ever done in your life this
is coming from a guy who just smelled
your pits in a power a bottle you
shithead you act like that's crazy
it's not I know no you do it - I do I
have an actual jar my car knock on any
other night Lina a guy asked what is the
Darfur I wanted to say to piss in that
guy was me and we worked out okay last
question the grossest thing I've ever
done oh my god oh my god oh my god the
grossest thing I've ever done in this
house oh that's easy
um cancel the question be stalling
that's the one thing you're most excited
about for your future I was gonna tell
you that upstairs right before they film
this I took the biggest poop in that
toilet and I didn't flush so I just
closed the lid and I was just gonna tell
you guys not don't know that's pretty
standard for you I know one more
question
okay Shane why do you drink you know
what I actually haven't been drinking as
much lately because I found happiness in
my life and inside of myself but you
know what we should do right now to
finish off this video once take this
shot here's suppose here's here's 2
Chainz Charles GG barges and everybody
else that did this video without hope we
don't need them guys Cheers
oh I almost drink and I can't believe
I've been thinking about it recently oh
don't do it it's not worth it that was
incredible I really loved that guys
thank you for doing that with me thank
you for going on that journey I'm sorry
about my pee you popped so many pimples
of ours I don't know why that's gross I
know guys go check out Drew's channel he
has a new video up right now where he
makes means of themselves out of my old
pictures from when I was a little kid
and cute for real hope I get another new
video Riley this brand new video and
bogey if you want to do a real one with
that's where we do they're gonna go for
a real one with us sorry foe bring my
bottle
oh hey I'm gonna tell forward okay all
right thanks fog
