you fucking asked for this that's right
I just needed to remind you that this is
your fucking fault because I went on
Twitter today and I said hey guys don't
make a big milkshake what should I make
it of I was expecting out of those
Snickers bars apple pies maybe something
a lot about the holiday but no no no you
guys wanted me to make a McDonald's
shake another delicious McDonald shake
you know the one little whipped cream
little cherry on top no you guys wanted
me to take all the food from the menu
put it in a fucking blender and drink it
and because I'm gross and I literally do
whatever the fuck you guys want I'm here
yes I have all the food I could get from
McDonald's and I have my trusty blender
which is so fucked literally look at
this I keep trying to wash it nothing
happens very similar in my body also
it's not good when you walk into
McDonald's and they go hey Shane that's
not life goals that's actually death
goals I'm gonna die soon bye
let's get shaking okay so we're gonna
start with my favorite which is the Big
Mac now listen I haven't just like eaten
a Big Mac in years
that's a lie I had one last night no
thanks boy I was very drunk don't
believe me I went to the Britney Spears
concert he got fucked up also I cried
the whole time if you don't believe me
then you definitely go follow me on
snapchat yep I'm a big old bitch alright
let's put this Big Mac in a shake oh my
god why would they give me the most
perfect Big Mac right now when I have to
throw it in a fucking blender like what
I want a Big Mac which is always and I
order it it looks like a fucking pile of
feces but tonight they give me some
fucking commercial ass shit that looks
like an advertisement does this bucket
actually know that would make people not
buy this
alright so let's throw that in here so
do the whole thing
that's monkey let's split it in half
what am I ever gonna do it the other
half I don't know ah on the sauce huh
by the way if you want to know what it's
like to UM have me fuck you that's it
it's a lot of me sounding like I'm
crying because I am in the blender yeah
we can't have a Big Mac without some
fries I want to let you know I asked for
a large fry and this is what they gave
me I don't need you to watch out for me
McDonald's cashier when I ask for
something unhealthy that's going to
destroy my body give it to me I don't
need you to make an executive decision
to make me thinner just guess what it's
not gonna work because I'll just come
back in an hour and get five more of
these which is why they all know my
fucking name they're in the blender now
you can't have a McDonald's milkshake
without some nuggets now I don't know
what this is gonna do to the consistency
of the shake actually yes I do it's all
gonna taste like vomit but it's gonna
taste like vomit after like a good night
like last night after I saw Britney
Spears and throw up in my hotel room it
was kind of fun cuz like I was really
drunk pounds really sick ah but then I
was like playing Britney Spears on
Spotify and it was like give me give me
give me give me give me back in the
water I mean we can have a little
chicken nugget without the chicken mama
you know me yes this is the mix chicken
sandwich which is basically just a very
large nugget oh my god they should
repurpose these and sell them in like a
hack of 6 and call them like they've all
nuggets she can make big nuggets I'll
work on the name later that would be
good oh my god and then the dipping
sauce could literally be like this big
oh just full of sauce and he just
scooped up all the sauce and I'm glad
that cashier gave me a small fry
that's better letter now you can't have
nuggets without sauce which is why I
have my sweet sour sauce which is so
fucking good anybody doesn't like sweet
and sour sauce by oh my god it just
drips in there by the way when I was in
Vegas I saw this family it was like a
mom a dad and a daughter and they were
like oh we watch your videos on Friday
nights and I was just sick oh really
like all together and I'm like yeah we
just like watch you make a bunch of food
so the guys are wondering if you should
go to college when you grow up no you
could have a family sit in their living
room watching you get fatter let's keep
that pigs to the shape okay now listen
because I'm all about equality and I'm
all about hash tag
Wynn's we are going to put in a fish
fillet now listen I'm not into fish
fillet
I'd rather fish fillet my body down on a
train track and kill myself but I want
to commit and you guys wanted me to put
everything in it so I'm going to I'm not
gonna pull whatever that sauce is
because that's tartar sauce and I'm with
that in my mouth Oh
so mom hey family happy Friday
okay I don't know what the fuck this is
it looks like a burrito mama didn't ask
for this but I'm hoping you had
something in it I would go through in my
shake what literally what I didn't go to
McDonald's for this nobody wants you
what is this called
I mix knacker you know what this should
be called not Taco Bell next okay we
need something sweet which is why I
entered the apple pie which is one of my
personal favorites oh my god look how
she's all painted oh she's all dressed
oh my god it looks like Britney Vegas
smells like her too
oh let's just break open that pie oh my
god oh my god oh my god I did hurt my oh
I literally just pulled a muscle my neck
because I was so excited about this pie
you know what though if you get that
excited about something you have a good
life
some people never smile you know what
makes me smile food food in that video
that dog following you to the snow my
poncino fatty Nicole south haha he died
with a letter now because we need a
healthy option I have two salad let's
see how healthy this salad is Oh
beautiful just a nice chicken bacon
melted cheese covered in ranch south
which by the way has more calories than
a Big Mac yeah mine fucked last a little
bit of that in there no you know what
this might be good which is exactly what
I said when I went to the Britney Spears
concert you know I can't even joke about
that she was so good and it wasn't just
because I was drunk it's because she was
okay I'm gonna put a little squirt of
ketchup in there because we have fries
you never any I'll get it I rock crazy
like we're wacky but we're not crazy
look okay got it everywhere okay so now
that we have all of our food in here I
think we need some liquids so I got an
M&M McFlurry which is very nothing
oh but still probably so good
really no not at all whoo but look at
all the low and then ends at the bottom
whoo yeah that's not good into a blender
oh my god can you see this hole whoo all
right here she goes oh fuck a little
evidence of the bottom yeah all right
time for a milkshake and this is not
what I was gonna look like all right so
just gonna throw that in there
Oh Oh I don't want it mom
oh all right mm-hmm let's blend it
okay blending in three two Wow
all right we did it here is our blue oh
alright let's just put it back in this
Cup oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm
just comparing those are chocolate chips
when in reality they're probably pickles
oh my god now it's trying to figure out
what to put on top of my milkshake and I
figured it out yep
perfect I'm gonna get a straw oh my god
Oh warm it's the warmest milkshake ever
made oh I don't want it so bad
okay and it smells kind of good though
yeah we're gonna do this oh my god
Cheers
it's taking a long time to get up this
drop it's how I imagine a giraffe throws
up like it just takes a while oh oh my
god oh my god guys I can't but don't you
just saw Jesus I can't even explain it
it tastes like a dumpster outside of
McDonald's
that's someone pissed into and then it
rained and then somebody was drunk in a
Britney Spears concert and they walked
by that dumpster that you're up in it
and that was me and then they somehow
put it a dork ha and made me drink it
and I made myself during this why am I
doing this oh that's right for you guys
this is fucking disgusting
don't do this don't try this that's why
I'm here to make mistakes for you where
you guys go those are big ads McDonald's
milkshake or as I call it big ass stupid
fucking mistake why thank you to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
down there cuz I mean new videos every
single thing if you want to see more
videos of me making big ass weird
milkshakes I'll put a link to the
playlist right in the description below
alright you guys I will see you tomorrow
with a new video and without this nope
ok I'll probably still drink it I mean
I'm Italy's gonna eat that I'll probably
give it about I'm a trash bag but if you
saw this at the movies you'd be like I
wish I had the courage to do that Wow
he's so brave hashtag I'm ashamed o when
you say something shady with your
friends you can be like isn't going
vegan supposed to make you like lose
weight because it kind of seems like it
well like you know doing the opposite
