I had it slip yeah what you did but it
was really unflattering it was more but
I'm all balls the next day knowing that
all my friends everybody had probably
seen it I just was felt so weird I'm
like oh my god they've all seen it
they've all seen it but then it was kind
of liberating and I'm like I'm gonna
whip it out I'm gonna whip out my blog
right now my boy had to be guys yes
today I'm going to be trying more
dumbass fucking life hacks now the other
ones today are going to get especially
done literally none of these should ever
be done nobody should have ever fucking
made these and I want to meet the person
who created these and hack their fucking
head off because the only life hack that
has ever been great is the one where
they took the cupcake and then they do
to top off it and took the middle off
and they made a little cupcake sandwich
out of it you know that was great but
all the other ones are terrible so let's
get started okay so this hack is really
fucking stupid and a lot of people do it
I have seen it so many pictures it makes
me so mad so let's do it
I like doing things that make me angry
it's why I keep seeing the purge movies
they're never gonna get better Shane
stop okay so this hack is for someone
who's like too lazy and too busy to just
hold their phone up to their head no no
instead you tie it to your head with the
tie because nothing looks more
professional or more like you know
businesswoman than this well it works it
makes you look like a fucking idiot
imagine just like walking down the
street then you see this asshole no
Barry I told you we need more time
excuse me sir hi really quick why the
thought you have a phone
tied to your head I'm sorry Barry hold
on what was that I was just asking why
at a phone tie dear fucking head you
actual fucking idiot oh it's cuz I'm
very busy I'm very very busy
I thought that table use my hands I just
don't have time that joke was not worth
me breaking my phone screen man I'm just
gonna throw your back for some reason my
phone had time did work oh well okay so
the next hack is something I'm actually
kind of excited to try it is the
sweatshirt Bowl so basically what you do
is you take a sweatshirt you put it on
backwards I mean when people say uh your
sweatshirts on backwards you say fuck
you I know bitch what do people do that
like I get it my clothes are on
backwards my socks don't match my
eyebrow dandruff is flaking it's making
you sick like I get it but like keep
your opinion to yourself okay here we go
okay so now that it's backwards you have
this little
flat in the front that was everything by
the way let me do that again
slow-mo that okay so now we just fill
this up like it's a bowl so I have some
popcorn which by the way I ordered this
online and when it came I was very upset
because it's skinny pop and like nobody
wants that if I'm going to eat fucking
popcorn it's gonna be fatty pop fatty
pop me one of my dad here we go
alright party's started that's in
saddest thing I've ever seen it well
guess now they showed up to my party oh
my god it's actually working hold on
okay my bowl is filled oh my god this is
everything so fun it's like a video game
for sad people this is great
I love this just like watching TV just
like giving my life just like snacking
on the go I'm not gonna sing this movies
but that's a sad thought but if you saw
this at the movies you'd be like I wish
I had the courage to do that wow he's so
brave hashtag I'm a chain boom when you
say something shady with your friends
you could be life isn't going vegan
supposed to make you like lose weight
because it kind of seems like if well
you know doing the opposite I love this
this is the best this is this is me this
is me next time so speaking of hacks
that make me look like a big old fatty
the next one involves Nutella now this
one I'm very excited about this is where
you get an empty jar of Nutella which I
have many and then you heat up some milk
you pour it in the jar shake it up pour
back into the glass then you have hot
chocolate or hot hazelnut what the fuck
is this literally what is this like I've
never seen them that look like that I've
heard that before
alright let's open this up now this is
filled because I just bought it so we
have to figure out some way to empty it
out I have no idea how
all empty so now they have your empty
jar we just heat up the milk pour it in
here and make some magic okay so I just
heated up this mug of milk which by the
way if you can't see it it says good
morning asshole which my assholes never
had a good morning it's always real
rough and then we were just going to
take the Nutella jar pour it in here oh
okay
ah that wasn't a joke ow hold please
okay I'm back just had to ice my arm for
five hours but here I am alright I'm
just going to pour the rest of it in
here and be very fucking careful so now
that I have the milk inside of the jar
we're going to close it up and we are
going to ignore the nutrition facts on
the back holy fuck people eat this for
breakfast this is literally cake
frosting actually sounds great alright
so now we're just gonna shake it up I'm
very scared now
Oh dripping I'm not closing it up yeah
I'm gonna shake it down here but trash
me whenever the closed chain Raju L
girls down here shaking it by the trash
now you don't want me around the other
humans now I'll just grind on this
dumpster oh fuck okay it has been shaken
now let's take off the lid oh it's warm
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh oh god
I just shed a little ha okay now I'm
just going to pour this into here oh oh
okay
but we're flowing a little bit but
that's fine oh my god you see that oh my
god oh my fucking god look really scared
saying God on that one I've already
burned my arm off this is fucking
everything this is Lindsay Lohan 2007
when she was literally fucking
everything like boys girls blenders wigs
like I don't even know everything was in
her pussy this is giving me that it's
giving me lilo breakdown realness
fucking chocolate fire crotch this is
killing it do this do this at home do
this right now stop watching the video
actually don't leave it on the
background
let it play in a playlist you know watch
all of it no seriously go fucking make
this right now
fuck oh my god burning myself but
killing it okay so this next hack
involves a waffle iron which we
well and some cookie dough Oh
insufficient but this is or more because
I don't have a knife because I don't
trust myself so basically the heck is
that you can make cookies in a waffle
iron in like two minutes versus waiting
like 15 minutes for the cookie to bake
in the oven which nobody's ever waited
for I have literally only waited two
minutes I don't care if the cookies not
cooked I'm gonna risk salmonella I don't
even know that means also I just figured
out that cookie it means cooked like
cook II that's an Illuminati shit okay
so first we're going to plug in this
waffle iron and we're just gonna wait
for it to heat up
oh oh I forgot I had a deep-fried dildo
in there a few weeks ago so okay so
let's plug this in so while that's
heating up we are just going to eat this
Oh
crack open a top oh oh my god this is
the best part right here when you cuddle
up in the top you get this little good
you see that shit that's a hack haha
that's a sad dad big ol boy hack here's
another half you don't even need to cook
it use eat it like that
mom hello Pillsbury doughboys who made
me question my sexuality in the first
place that was five years old crapping
up a tattoo but I shoved up my throat
seeing the pillsbury smiling faces I did
it oh he gave me a complex
what why I'm ready so we are just want
you to take our time well shove it in
this waffle iron and yes that is a
Britney Spears Cup
behind me I can feel your judgement now
give a fuck she's everything here we go
whoo that dildo is smoking
where's gonna stop that in the middle
and close it on up I don't even care
that there's melted plastic on it
probably toxic fumes I'm a fuck back
working oh my god it's working
whoa look at that look at that it's
literally almost done oh my god I'm the
fucking king of ass okay you just been
in there for like a minute and a half I
think it's ready
oh my god
Oh just start a little fire don't worry
about
it's time to try this oh my god oh my
god oh oh all right here we go time to
taste our dildo waffle cookie
I can see Denny serving that that's bomb
I mean besides the obvious plastic taste
from the dildo and a little chunk of
melted plastic it's still a successful
hack all right we have one left and this
one is not going to work but I'm going
to try it again because people the
comments told me this one would work now
last time I try to charge an iPhone with
an apple this time I'm going to try to
use a banana now convinced that people
telling me that this works are just
fucking with me but that's fine because
when this does work it's gonna fucking
change the world we're not gonna have to
plug anything in the walls anymore we're
just gonna have to plug in things to
fruit fruit we'll finally have a purpose
because for me it is not to eat it coz
yuck okay
so let's plug this into the pump and
then let's plug it into the banana and
let's see if it works nothing and now I
have to eat this fucking banana because
if I don't it's wasteful damn it also
this phone charger is fuck there's out
the winner there's banana in it there's
more fruit in his phone charger then
there's ever been in me well there you
guys go that was me trying a bunch of
dumbass hacks let me know if you want
more of these videos by giving me a
thumbs up and also make sure to
subscribe because I make new videos
every single bit and if you want to see
more videos of me trying other dumb
hacks I'll put a link to a playlist
right in the description below and once
again it is so close guys my book comes
out July 19 next week I'm freaking out
please please please pick it up when it
comes out but preorder it and meet me on
my book tour and I'm just so excited and
I promise I won't hack any of you well
is I think as Alizee you die and there
has been some of the worst accidents at
carnivals all across the world you have
riots completely falling apart and
crashing to the ground
you have people being flung from their
seat because their belt doesn't work you
have people getting crushed or
decapitated or burned alive this all
happens in carnivals
