hands of you guys I just finished a
podcast with Amanda Cerny it was so much
fun we talked about my blob which is my
dick and balls what do you think about
it can't wait to see it we think there
are a lot of stuff is so much fun and it
got really really weird so go check it
out soundcloud.com /a to friends and
it's on itunes yeah heads if you guys
really quick before the video starts I
just want to remind you that next week
I'm going on my book tour I'm going to
these cities of these days so if you
want to come and meet me please please
please please come I'll put a link at
the top of the description where you can
click and see where I'm going to be and
you can RSVP and you can buy tickets and
all that other shit alright let's get to
the video so today I woke up and I was
like you know what I want to do today
then I said watch Big Brother live feeds
for 24 hours with a bucket of talent no
pants on but hey we can't always get
what we want can we but what I also
wanted to do is eat a shit fuck ton of
pizza so I've already done a video on
pizza Thomas like who is like the next
leader of the pizza community so then I
decided to call up my girl Domino's
which I have had before but I had never
really had it quite like this
I got literally everything on the menu
now listen I've tried their pizza I've
tried their pepperoni I know what it
tastes like it's a classic but that's
all I tried I've been too nervous to
explore I've just been kind of staying
in my comfort zone like when I get pizza
from a pizza place I usually just do
pepperoni because like that's safe it's
the equivalent of like swimming with my
shirt on or sleeping with a baseball bat
which I do fuck with me but today I'm
outside of my comfort zone I'm taking my
shirt off kidding leaving it off and I'm
dry as of shit I've never dropped before
starting with a pizza they like to call
America's favorite feast so I don't know
what's in this I don't know what's on
this I just clicked it and it came to me
which is why I don't online shop the
last time I online chopped I got a shirt
that looked like this that's the first
time I've ever told myself to take that
shirt off
alright here we go the unboxing one two
three oh fuck ooh what is that though I
have a lot of emotions this actually
looks like my emotions really fucked up
so there's pepperoni obviously the Queen
and then there's sausage is obviously
the king and then
who the fuck invited the mushrooms but
those are the peasants and I'm not here
for them let me try a piece of this ooh
all right there she is can you see her
can you see her oh my god I'm literally
the fattest beauty guru and here she is
okay you see her you see her now I'm
just gonna put this in my face oh why
the fuckin feech is so good why wait oh
and enjoy you guys oh now on the side of
this box
you know there's writings pictures and
like when I'm eating pizza I'd like to
look at like pictures of pizza or like
facts about cheese well actually no
Jesus literally cow boogers and like
chicken diarrhea I don't know if that's
a real fact but like that so freely says
and I trust her so I'm expecting to see
something delicious on the side of this
box and instead for some reason they had
a little ad for a Children's Hospital
what why would you want me to see that
why would you want me to be enjoying my
pizza and not thinking about my problems
and then when I meant by it to my
America's favorite feast you're gonna
give me some sad dying children listen
I'm all about Children's Hospital's I'm
all about charity I'm all about lifting
people up pizza box is not the place to
do that Domino's you'll see Taco Bell
pudding like never forget 9/11 on the
side of their real stuffed burrito you
don't see them putting that sad ass
Sarah McLachlan dog commercial in front
of like a Pixar movie like Oh mommy I
can't wait till finding dory me - honey
I just love that Ellen DeGeneres she's
hilarious
me too I just love happy movies my poppy
thistle coffee things oh honey I'm so
glad we're here together what a fun day
at the movies oh it's starting
mommy why can I see that dog's ribcage
but it comes your eyes what it's going
yeah yeah we don't need that next to it
okay so this pizza I literally got every
topic now at one point and told me um
hey fat ass you're not allowed to have
this many toppings you need to like
figure out your life maybe go to like a
toppings anonymous meeting probably give
yourself a hard look in the mirror maybe
go outside I take a walk but I told them
to fuck themselves and bring me my
toppings so this pizza doesn't have a
name yet obviously because I created it
so let's just like give it a look and
then like call it what it looks like
alright here's my new baby I just
thought of the name yeah oh this looks
like remember we were just talking about
those salmon blocking courses those dogs
wouldn't even eat this it's there would
be like dogs I got you some picture dogs
ah naw bitch we're good we're good
but you haven't eaten in two years dope
yeah bitch I don't know about that that
looks fun bro spits oh no come on dogs
yeah I'll try some myself ah bitch you
ain't got to do all that let me try let
me try let me show you okay
whatever I've done why is there peanut
butter always I'm allergic to peanut
butter oh fuck
ha ha ha young man is biz my god full we
do that's crazy that's irony I'm a dog
how do I know what that means
anyways this is fucking gross there's
ham pineapple onion tomato pepper pepper
Chinese sausage bacon cheese somehow
white sauce and it's all on this really
thin gross ass crust like I don't know
much about being high or like doing a
lot of drugs but I feel like even if you
did that you wouldn't eat this and
that's saying a lot because at one time
in my whole life I was high I did the
Twinkie and ranch which honestly wasn't
that bad I mean it was no barbecue sauce
ding dong but like it was a close second
but you haven't lived if you've had a
sloppy joe where instead of blood you
have oatmeal cream pies with little
Debbie's why am I not on MasterChef
alright next one who I am so excited
about this okay
this is the stuffed cheesy bread now
I've seen commercials of this I've seen
on Instagram its litter
all I've ever wanted and I don't mean
that as a joke like this is all I've
ever wanted like world peace fuck off
win the lottery why a cure for all
diseases why so everybody could live
longer have children one day nobody
wants that no this is what I wanted and
I could die happy now by the way this is
very heavy this is as heavy as a break
and I've held it brick before I mean it
was on accident
I thought it was a block of cheese the
second I realized it wasn't and I was
technically doing manual labor I threw
that shit down like if I can't eat it
I'm not picking it up all right let's
open it up oh my god oh my god oh my god
I'm so excited oh my god please don't
fail me please be gooey please please
please please please
what I'm not having children cuz they're
all disappointment what the fuck how is
this a gooey cheese bread the cheese is
hard that is not gooey that is well oh
it's I mean it's not up to my standard I
dipped a Twinkie and ranch yeah I might
be standards this is good okay I am so
fucking excited about this one because
Pizza Hut has a similar thing they have
like a cookie cake and they have a
brownie cake well Domino's came around
said guess what bitch I see your cookie
cake I see your brownie cake and I give
you the cookie brownie swirl okay whoa
this is the mixture of two worlds people
this is America coming together with I
don't know another country I don't know
history and this is those two countries
combining to make one amazing country
this is what the forefathers were
talking about after slavery like I'm not
here for that but like later on like
when they didn't have wooden teeth and
when it was like illegal to fuck your
own daughter that's what this is what
this is a fourth of July and I'm about
to make some ass fireworks after I eat
it so let's go okay I want a corner
piece oh my god a whole new
mixing cookies and brownies oh my god
what if they made a fat over me little
more well little girl big fat boy elbow
Memphis starring me
oh my god instead of hanging out the
crowd she's hanging out the crab cake oh
my god then when she's like up where
they run up where they walk wow I'm just
laying here on my couch mmm
wait a holy world is Aladdin isn't it
none of that made sense
whatever let's eat fuck fuck
Aladdin Lion King fucking flubber I
don't give a fuck these are all the
Disney movies combined into one just no
Toy Story 3 that shit was too sad
and why did buzzin would he not end up
together they were obviously gay well
maybe my cuz woody was with Jessie and
puzzles with Barbie who was the pig with
the pig was alone me all right this is
amazing I'm putting this away before I
actually become a pig which will be bad
cuz then I would eat myself into a good
gross oh my god my next video trying
myself mmm that does sound kind of good
I bet people taste good like if I can
swallow it I'm gonna eat it
why you guys go that was me trying
dominoes and honestly it was pretty good
was there anything gross I remember it
doesn't fucking matter because that
brownie cookie thing was so bad I know
this is not hashtag spawns this is just
hashtag I should never have downloaded
the Domino's app because I could not
stop pressing on shit and when my
delivery guy got here with that many
boxes the look sadness on his face the
look of concern really I thought he's
gonna give me an intervention I thought
he's gonna rip off his face and it's
gonna be my mom and she's gonna be like
you need to talk make sure to get boobs
up and also subscribe down there because
I make new videos every single day and
if you want to see more videos of me
eating weird foods I'll put a link to a
playlist below here's my book comes out
July 19th that really really nervous and
really excited you can't eat it that's
the only thing that's wrong with it
and I will see you guys tomorrow wait
wait wait what why would I put that in
him like slap at his little belly in his
wetsuit like what is that sad it'd be
sad if I did it
