what would you do if you're with the guy
yeah I don't love any you went down on
him and it was that moment where you
love him so much you're like I'm gonna
swallow this if some it's like it's a
crusty or something of course I'm gonna
be like go wash go to the doctor the
klinke and if you guys okay really flip
before I get to this video I want to
remind you guys I'm going on a book tour
soon and I really really fucking hope
you guys come cuz I'm really nervous
that nobody's gonna show up so here are
the dates and locations of the places
I'm going to be July 19th in Houston
July 21st in Orlando July 22nd in
Minneapolis July 24th in Chicago July
25th in Cincinnati July 27th in New York
and July 29th in San Francisco click the
link in the description below and make
sure to press RSVP so I know you're
coming and I can't wait to meet you guys
and I can't wait to see you guys but the
book okay let's get to the video so I
have never had more requests to do a
video in my life than for this one
product first of all this is not hashtag
spots I'm assuming it's gonna be hashtag
Burger King tries to delete my channel
because I'm gonna hashtag hate it oh God
hashtag hate it that sounds like a
really awful Urban Outfitters shirt that
I would buy all of my crappy crap is
from Urban Outfitters any time you see a
mug with a dumbass phrase on it or sure
with the stupid fucking cartoon on it
it's an urban outfitter except this is
brother night that's right but anyways
you guys wanted me to try Burger King's
macaroni and Cheetos if you haven't
heard of it here's the picture what that
was my reaction when I first saw the
picture it except there was more
throw-up involved I don't understand why
do they keep making shit like this oh
yeah
cuz I buy I remember back when 7-eleven
created that doritos nacho cheese
deep-fried situation and that was gross
look at that picture you should be
ashamed of yourself
but anyways here we go I have the bag
with me I was so ashamed to buy this I
went to Burger King and I was like hi
can I get one of those um macaroni
things and the lady was like oh you need
a macaroni and Cheetos
mm-hmm can you not say it so loud great
how many macaroni and Cheetos sticks do
you want just never too small this place
are you sure we have a five pack attend
back a 12 pack a 20 pack of mac
roni and cheetos God can you please shut
the fuck up I really don't want people
to know buying them oh I understand no
worries
can I get one large order the macaroni
and jeido limited edition for fatties
all like do you want to make sauce yeah
it was embarrassing here we go let's do
an unboxing which will soon be a
thrashing that could be a new series of
videos you know like there's unboxing
there's me throwing things into a trash
did you know there is a channel where a
guy throws things in the toilet to see
if they flush I've watched all the
videos they all flush oh yeah oh my god
do you think if I said that guy a copy
of my book he'll try to flush it that
promo bow ok here we go opening up the
box which by the way this is just a box
for chicken fries if you're gonna have
some special limited edition to reach
and you make some packaging for it like
I'll just put your new shit in an
old-ass box and I'm sorry why is this
chicken wearing a crown she is not Queen
only Kelly Clarkson is by the way I got
to a fight years ago somebody because
they're like Kelly Clarkson's fat and I
was like comet she's pregnant and
they're like no she's not
I always have your back Kelly hey go oh
my god that does not look real that is
insane the color orange of that is is
not human that was created in a
laboratory it looks like a joke like
take this like let's take this out oh my
god ah the smell oh my god it doesn't
smell like Cheetos it feels like you
know when you're on a plane and
somebody's eating a bag of Cheetos and
then like 35 minutes into the travel
when you guys are all wearing your
headphones and nobody think do you hear
their parts and then people just start
to blow ass like that plane is running
on ass they don't even need no gas or an
engine in that plane literally everybody
is farting so much it is keeping that
plane afloat that's the smell oh it
looks like Simpson food about the
Simpson character which I would be net
okay I'd be the fat comic book guy leave
me alone but this is what I would eat
alright let's open one before we even
taste it okay here we go what wait what
is that macaroni and cheese what is that
what kind of macaroni cheese is that by
the way burger from doesn't
have macaroni cheese where did they get
this I just met that Colonel Sanders
like going out to his trash he's like I
thought I threw away some macaroni and
cheese in this dumpster earlier where
did it go then you got the Burger King
running to his restaurant that's what
y'all mac cheese
cuz that's exactly what this looks like
Oh mac and cheese now what is this they
just crumbled up Cheetos and like put it
on top of it also did somebody like hand
make these like what machine makes this
if there's a machine that makes this
then why the fuck are we flying yet
alright let's try 1 2 3
I like it hmm why do I like it I'm gonna
like hello I can't explain why I like it
I think because it reminds me of so many
things like I remember childhood he
reminds me of Britney Spears walking
barefoot into a bathroom with bag full
of puffy Cheetos in her hand it just
reminds me of all the good times but I
do what Britney Spears would fuck this
up like I feel like this is gonna ruin
her career she doing real good at Vegas
right now everybody's like Britney's
back bitch and then that commercial
comes on macaroni Cheetos limited to
only Oh
what are those oh hi Britney these are
macaroni and cheese little tiny balls of
mac and cheese rolled around a jido dust
that sounds like something maggot all
over my fingers and lick them off one by
one in the backseat of my car
it is Britney and guess what you're a
billionaire you can buy as many boxes as
you want God if I was that rich I would
be huge okay what do you dip these in
though like do they come with sauce they
should come with cheese sauce I mean the
box says double dipping strongly
encouraged
you can't even single dip this Burger
King I know what I'm doing right now I'm
trying to hate on Burger King because
I'm embarrassed that I liked it just
like when you're in a relationship and
you're kind of happy with the person but
you're also nervous that they don't
really like you so you try to sabotage
it by saying things like what you think
I look fat today what you don't love me
what you want to fuck me I'm doing the
same thing but with food I should've got
the 20 patient well you guys have it
that was me and my official review of
these fucking crazy ass end of the world
monster foods I need these to go away
because I do not want you end up like
Britney Spears in 2008 I'm already like
halfway there I mean if talk about comes
out with some kind of like red velvet
cake taco just call TLC send over a
camera crew I'll be on my couch syncing
it to the floor bring the shovel you're
gonna need to get my skin removed from
that couch game over
well there you guys go you know what I'm
gonna try it so I fucking did make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new
please please come to my book tour
please burn I will put all the links
down there check it out future please
and if you haven't pre-ordered the book
yet that would be awesome I'm really
really proud of it and okay else I
thought mad act you guys I will see you
little macaroni and Cheetos tomorrow
oh hello that's the fucking creepiest
thing I've ever seen he did not move for
like 20 seconds that was video that's
not a frozen screenshot that's literally
really
he's not moving so people are thinking
maybe he's cloned because he's a news
personality and maybe the Illuminati
wants to have him say certain things on
the news
