hey guys oh my god we just hit a podcast
with God forever 17 we talked about yo
SSDI wise and crusty dicks yes it was so
delicious
check it out psychic light back--once
leche de France I fucking love her
become an official glitter glitter
forever hey what's it be guys yes today
is another conspiracy theory video and
in today's video we're going to be
talking about some of the scarier
celebrity conspiracy theories now our
first conspiracy is about a celebrity
that scares me more than anybody Taylor
Swift that is a conspiracy that she
might be related to the creator of
Satanism
so Satanism is a religion where people
worship the devil and supposedly it was
founded by a man named Anton Lee now
Anton had a daughter named Xena Lee and
she became the high priestess of the
Church of Satanism in 1985 now I'm going
to show you a picture of Xena thanks to
a picture of Taylor Swift and you tell
me if you see any similarities on the
hello that's literally the same fucking
person now Xena is still alive she's 50
years old so I'm not saying that Xena is
Taylor Swift what I'm saying is there
has to be a relation they look too
similar now Xena today is 50 years old
when that picture was taken she was 24
which is the same age Taylor Swift was
at that same picture so there's two
theories one theory is a Taylor is
actually Xena's child and that Taylor is
a part of the Church of Satan but she
hasn't really talked about it publicly
because she's kind of spreading the
message in her music all her lyrics are
about revenge bad blood the blank space
video where she's killing men in her
house a lot of really dark thieves some
people think that Anton and Xena are
using her to get across their message
there's also a second theory and that
theory is a little crazier but that
involves the theory of cloning now we're
going to talk about cloning later in the
video because there is a lot of
celebrity cloning conspiracies basically
what it means is they take the genetics
of one person and they create another
person who looks just like them the
theory is that when Xena became the high
priestess they took her DNA and they
wanted to save it because they wanted to
clone it in case anything bad happened
well that grew into a person which is
now 25 years old which is now Taylor I
know both theories sound kind of crazy
but be honest when it surprised you and
Taylor Swift does seem pretty dark and
twisted I guess we'll just have to wait
and find out don't say I didn't say I
did oh yeah speaking of celebrities who
aren't who they say they are
our second conspiracy is that Bill Nye
the Science Guy isn't really a science
guy at all so I heard about this theory
for a while now pretty much anytime
there's a celebrity who is a doctor or
scientist people kind of call them out
say are you really
I remember when dr. Phil was getting a
bunch of shit because people were like
dude you're not even a real doctor
technically he is he has a doctor in
psychology but he's not really a
licensed psychologist he's just kind of
playing one on TV but the thing about
Bill Nye is a little bit stranger so the
theory is that Bill Nye the Science Guy
is actually just an actor the government
and the Illuminati are using to get
across their message now if you haven't
noticed Bill Nye has been on a lot of
shows in the last five to ten years
talking about global warming or issues
with guns and abortion and he's been on
all these shows because people consider
him a real scientist he really knows
what he's talking about really educated
but in reality Bill Nye is an actor he
started out doing sketch comedy if you
go to his Wikipedia page you'll see that
that's how he started don't lie the
Science Guy was just a character that he
was playing on Disney Channel back in
the 90s he went to college for
mechanical engineering he didn't go to
college or you know whether it was face
well I don't fucking scientist but all
that other shit well a video recently
came out with a man trying to expose
Bill Nye as a fake check it out he is a
puppet he is here to play a part all the
scientists and this is why nobody should
ever listen to anything that comes out
of this guy's mouth because he is a liar
he is a fucking actor he is not a
scientist listen I love Bill Nye I have
always loved him I used to watch him
when I was in school kind of wouldn't
surprise me if this was the case I mean
the government the Illuminati whatever
they're always trying to make us
leave something or get their opinion out
there in the press
why wouldn't they hire some awesome
funny guy to kind of a message across I
mean a Bill Nye the Science Guy was
created by Disney Channel and Disney
general as we know has a lot of fucked
up shit going on behind the scenes I
mean a lot of people think Disney
Channel is part of the Illuminati and
they're the ones spreading their
messages to the children I mean remember
a while back in a video from like a year
ago when we talked about all the
subliminal messages that disney puts in
their movies for kids there was the word
sex written in the stars and the Lion
King there was that moment in Aladdin
where somebody told him to take off his
clothes so why wouldn't Disney create a
fake scientist to go around telling his
opinions about things seems plausible
but once again it's just a conspiracy
and it's all for fun and I love don't I
really scared of the Illuminati don't
kill me okay so this next conspiracy
it's not about celebrities I just had to
talk about it because it has been
creeping me the fuck out ever since I
heard of it and that is the conspiracy
that airlines actually want you to die
okay so here's the theory if there is a
plane crash and you survive you can sue
the airline for millions of dollars and
you'll probably win so the theory is
that the airlines don't want you to
survive so they created some kind of a
technique that would kill you if you
were in a crash so you know how when
you're on a plane and they make you
watch the safety video and the flight
attendant tells you that there is a
crash need to take your hands put it
behind your head and tuck it into your
knees now this is the position that they
say is safest position there is if
there's a crash this is going to give
you the most chance of survival but
supposedly that position was created to
kill you
so if there is a plane crash and you're
in that position your head will go right
into the seat in front of you and break
your neck instantly think about it the
way that you're positioned you're
already putting your neck down if you
get hit that's it I heard about this
theory from somebody who actually works
at an airline I'm not going to say which
one and I'm not going to say who the
person is but it's a pretty reliable
source but it also could just be an
urban legend
I mean I've never been in a plane crash
so I haven't been able to test out the
theory but it just kind of makes sense I
mean why would they want you to survive
so you can sue them for a bunch of money
not as well just let you die our next
conspiracy is that all celebrities could
be clones now we've talked about this
before basically the theory is of the
Illuminati cloned celebrities so they
can kind of mind-control them and get
them to do whatever they want kind of
like a puppet well over the last year
the rapper b.o.b has been tweeting and
talking publicly about his thoughts on
cloning he believes that cloning is very
real and he says he has proof and
evidence and he's seen it happen just
listen to this clip of him being
interviewed talking about I don't really
want to say too much but I will say do
your own research we like to be close
what I like to be yeah um am I already
cloned Oh
are you already cloned huh I rather not
say now b.o.b is one of the first
celebrities to publicly talk about this
and he says because he's been talking
about it record labels have been
shutting him down and playing his music
on the radio basically trying to make
him disappear just check out some of his
tweets notice a celebrity who have
tattoos or piercing mysteriously vanish
cloning Center when a celebrity and
great health suddenly suffered a stroke
or a heart attack or died cloning Center
every time you see a celebrity randomly
lose their mind cloning Center I swear I
don't want to tension or money or fame
no more just to get the truth out the
truth you've been hidden from since
birth now there's been a lot of people
trying to find proof of celebrities
being cloned remember about a month ago
we talked about Beyonce and that weird
video for like a basketball game looking
when she was glitching well this video
clip is even creepier
newscaster Al Roker seemed to have some
kind of a glitch on live TV
check it out
real awkward that's exactly how it has a
certain amount of distance between the
bodies actually in your eye yes like
they say in Catholic school lead room
for the Holy Ghost
anyway there it's a lot of a dozens of
memories today actually it's a big day
in music history 35 years ago today
Elvis Presley passed away the king of
rock and roll and as Mark Cohen says oh
hello that the fucking creepiest thing
I've ever seen he did not move for like
20 seconds
that's video that's not a frozen
screenshot that's literally real Dwight
he's not moving
so people are thinking maybe he's cloned
because he's a news personality and
maybe the Illuminati wants to have him
say certain things on the news but it's
not just random celebrities and
newscasters I'd have been cloned it
might be the president which leads us to
our next conspiracy which is rock Obama
might be clone or even a hologram so not
that long ago Obama did a speech and a
lot of conspiracy theories from freaking
out because they were like wait a minute
something looks wrong check out this
clip and tell me if you notice anything
strange good evening
on Wednesday 14 Americans were killed as
they came together to celebrate the
holidays did you notice anything
did it look kind of off to you well
that's because it was obviously shocked
on some kind of a green screen like
that's not a real background because
check out some of his older speeches
where he's actually in the White House
look how real that looks the United
States has conducted an operation that
killed Osama bin Laden tonight I'd like
to talk to you about the end of our
combat mission in Iraq see what I mean
those were not green screens that first
clip definitely was and so is the second
clip check this out my fellow Americans
tonight I'd like to talk with you about
immigration oh that's a fucking green
screen I have used green screen before I
know exactly what it looks like that's
it so you guys are probably wondering
well why is he in front of a green
screen that makes no sense and that's
because there's a conspiracy that Obama
might not be Obama anymore but once
again these are just conspiracy theories
they're all for fun please government do
not come for me theory is that I believe
it obviously scared the theory is that
maybe Obama didn't like where things
were going and wasn't agreeing with
certain things that the governor
wanted him to say so they shut him up
and instead replaced him with a hologram
and that hologram they could make say
whatever the fuck they want because if
you look at any other president speeches
none of them are on a green screen none
of them looked fake they all just look
like a guy sitting at his desk into a
camera these new Obama speeches they
just look kind of off and the hologram
technology is around not that long ago
they started doing Holograms with Tupac
and Michael Jackson they even did one of
Whitney Houston and they all looked very
very real so why wouldn't the Illuminati
make one of the president I don't know
seems plausible speaking of cloning if
it is real wouldn't there be a glitch
sometimes well supposedly there has been
and some conspiracy theorists think that
some of these celebrities might be
clones of each other so there's a theory
that Katy Perry and Zooey Deschanel
might have been created in the same lab
check out these pictures I mean they
look extremely similar almost too
similar there's also a theory that
Selena Gomez and Lucy Hale might be from
the same lab check out these pictures
now I know those are kind of dumb and
funny but this next thing actually is
very fucking creepy now supposedly
cloning has been happening for years and
back in the day there was you know
big-time Hollywood stars that maybe the
Illuminati controlled well what if that
DNA was replicated again like what if
there was a big Hollywood star back then
and they just made him again well check
out these pictures these are pictures of
old celebrities next to current
celebrities and they look very very
similar maybe because they have the same
DNA before I show you these pictures
quick shout-out to the YouTube channel
relax that's where I saw these pictures
from the first time and it scared the
shit out of me I know this is not a
sponsorship or any of that just giving
them credit so first we have a picture
of an old celebrity next to lead our
DiCaprio then we have Bruce Willis then
we have Eddie Murphy
then we have Queen Latifah then we got
Jimmy Fallon and last but not least the
creepiest in my opinion Justin
Timberlake take a look I don't know I'm
not saying this is real I'm just saying
it's fucking creepy I mean they look so
similar it would make so much sense if
Hollywood just kept creating the same
types of people every 50 years I don't
know something about me buys that well
there you guys go that was me talking
about scary celebrity conspiracy
theories if you want more videos of me
talking about conspiracy theories I will
put a link to a playlist down below also
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you want me to do more of these and
enjoy them and subscribe to my channel
because I make new videos every single
day right you guys I will see you a
little conspiracy there's tomorrow
or maybe you look at me even be a clone
or maybe be a hologram
well my first thing we'll be having
dripping juice and dripping juice on the
driveway because of so much gross shit
inside man I got a Rick on the bottom of
my ass and now I'm tripping I'm tripping
trash just for you it's not tears it's
trash juice
