but the shame that I always knew and the
one that I kind of thought you currently
looked like was like the straightened
hair and I was like yeah I kind of see
it I never saw the Shane with like the
cut hair and like the scrub right I'm
like the more handsome oh I'm saying it
was a very handsome picture that did
super like dry like really like an eight
point seven really yeah yeah but then
when you saw me in person you were like
six point three no it was still pretty
solid actually I'll take it hey it's me
guys yes today we're going to be trying
girl products but we're gonna be doing
something a little bit different instead
of just going to Claire's and freaking
out everybody because I'm an old man
shopping at child store I decided to get
them products from a Japanese store and
I'm hoping they make me look really
qawalli I fucked that up didn't I kaki
koala wah wah how do you say old ugly
white person in Japanese because that's
this guy actually let me google that Oh
Shane Dawson okay grab a bag here filled
with stuff and I'm so excited to feel
what Japanese girls feel like all I want
is to be a Japanese pop star but instead
I'm a YouTube pop star alright so first
thing we're gonna try is the fucker
these these are called cocoons what so
well I can't read the instructions but
from the box it looks like um she's
shoving up her nose so we're gonna try
that oh my god hold on these are called
cocoons Oh what if this is like an
actual bug cocoon look I feel like
Japanese people are also like
all-natural so they would be like Oh a
spider egg cocoon let's just shove that
and face like here in America nah like
is all a fake oh god okay so I guess you
put this on your finger like this ooh
feels like a skeleton of like an animal
oh I hate it
and I guess you just rub it on your face
okay it has no smell oh my god tickle I
don't know why this is so scary I don't
know there's something very scary about
it right
it literally won't even focus my cameras
terrified okay here we go
yeah feels like rubbing an old dead
animal carcass on my face so quale I
don't know what this is supposed to do I
mean it's not getting my boogers out
look at the boogers out really fast a
straw and then the best part is you put
the straw and you get the booger in it
and they just suck it up I don't know
what else to do with this in my hair
maybe nothing's happening why eat it I I
don't I don't I don't know oh it's a
makeup remover so you put makeup on and
then you rub this and it comes up now
that all make sense okay well let's use
this after we have some makeup on
because a bitch a painted yet I don't
know if you could tell yeah woo this is
some black ass lipstick I love that
though I'm so ready to be my kpop star
self wait what
wait this isn't lipstick it says hair
stick what how okay well let's do it so
I'm just going to I guess rub it on my
hair this is very confusing that smells
very toxic I still want to put on my
mouth though we'll do that next okay so
I guess we'll just like let our hair on
it wait is this permanent we'll fuck
well whatever
every youtuber goes through a phase
where they died of hair stupid-ass color
I'm just with your mind is it working
oh my god it's working look at that woo
that's stupid
he'll do it more over here yes oh oh
wait let's see if our remover works no
it just hurts and it's actually rubbing
my skin off oh my god should rub this
over my entire body I have a lot of
extra skin all right I'm gonna try to
put this on my lips now because I feel
like it will really give me
shade oh yes the taste don't do this at
home because I actually think this could
kill me
let's want to see how it looked dark
lipstick is my fucking thing I've done
it before in these videos and I'm always
killing it oh my god if I have that dark
hair dark lipstick dark heart darcel
I'll give you the queen of Darkness like
I wouldn't have to make jokes about how
sad I am people will just look at me and
get it okay the fumes are actually
making a thing I might throw up so let's
try to wipe this shit off it's working
you know what I don't think these are
even real products I think Japanese
people are selling this shit to white
people in LA to make them look stupid
they're like mmm really kawaii really
good think so do I look good yeah see
you bitch okay let's see what's next
what is this this is face mask but it's
not the shape of faith like little pills
oh my god what if you swallowed the pill
and then it just like turns your face
into a mask oh my god it's like a mask
not because it gets like super powers or
because it can do like cartoony cool
shit it's just like when you put on a
mask he was a different person queen of
Darkness strikes again let's try this
out Oh weird
it says you mix water with the pill and
then the pill turns into a mask I don't
like that I remember all those like grow
your own friend pills the only thing I
grew was a big gross lumpy thing that
was my body but I also grew a stupid
little toy that did not even look like a
person but I still played with it and
gave it a name Glen Keane was make a
mask all right so you put the little
water in here and then you drop the mask
in there oh hello that's fucking
everything did you see that I love you
ready and magic Oh
ooh that's big whoa okay I'm gonna put
that one in my face okay so I guess you
just pull it apart now ah this is so fun
oh my god and then it gets gives you a
mask like this
oh I'm into this this is some serial
killer ass shit oh okay so there's like
chemically shit inside of this I'm kind
of nervous
kind of excited let's just do it oh my
god oh yeah I'm ready for my first
victim oh my god I was a Japanese pop
star this is it like what's my name
white trash bag cuz I can oh there's a
black trash bags but then they have like
the white ones and the white ones are
like nobody wants because they break
easily people can see exactly what's
inside of it they don't really have
handles like a white trash bag is
literally useless me
well my first thing will be hundredths
in juice and ripping juice on the
driveway because of so much gross shit
inside man I've got a rip on the bottom
of my ass and now I'm tripping I'm
tripping trash just for you it's not
tears it's trash juice I love this I'm
feeling my new look I'm ready to go out
to the world and scare everybody
Oh next product oh my god this is called
horse fat hand cream Meimei me so I
guess it's hand cream you got a horse
that Lou freely and go be happy about
this
okay let's smell it okay it doesn't
smell like dead horse although I don't
know what that smells like I was on a
horse one time and it was only for like
five minutes because I swear to god the
horse was actually going before me it's
a bad experience here we go okay ooh
okay
feels kind of good oh I just had an
image in my head of that episode of the
simple life and Paris Hilton put her
whole arm and that horse's ass and she
ripped it out and there was calm all
over it I don't know why there was cum
inside of a horse's ass
I'm not gonna ask like I'm not
judgmental but however you want but the
whole thing name is sick but I also
remember being slightly turned on by it
and I was like one day I want to be that
horse next product wait what this is
eyelid tape ooh this is Rachel so some
girls use this I guess if they have
smaller eyes and it like makes their
eyes look wider I don't need that
because my eyes are like too wide like
this Shane shocked or does he have a
thyroid condition we'll never know but
let's try it anyway first of all I just
want to remind every
go out there you do not need this you
are pretty just the way you are that's a
lie there's some ugly-ass people out
there but it's not all about looks it's
about personality it's about your heart
there are some ugly ask people that with
bad hearts and awful personality so like
I don't know what they do like no matter
this could fix that but for everybody
else out there just love yourself
okay now let's fix our face okay so I
guess you take this little piece of tape
and then you just put it here I know you
open your eye ah this is horrifying oh
my god oh my god that's bad that's like
when you take a picture and you're like
is what I bigger than the other and all
your friends are like no haven't you
look back at it it's like yeah they lied
to you let's do full highs huh
am I pretty yet oh this is great that I
wish I want to have these for my senior
picture me looking into my future oh oh
my god I need to take this off this is
scaring the shit out of me okay okay I'm
done I'm done with these Japanese
products Claire guys go I just learned
that no matter how many Japanese things
I put on my face I'm still a sad sad
white person so make sure to give this
video a thumbs up also make sure to
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more videos of me trying weird girl
products I'll put a link to a playlist
in the description also please please
please check out the first episode of my
new series Shane's shitty show which is
a fun weird fucking talk show where I
hang out with my ex-boyfriend I'll put a
link right down below alright you guys
I'll see you little beauty products
tomorrow oh my god like an for prison
food not the inside of a prison toilet
which is bloody what is it oh god
there's layers
okay so there's some meat on top boobies
on top another Beyonce Jo
