hey you guys yes today we're going to be
trying prison food but before we get to
that I am so fucking excited right now
because there is a brand new video on my
main channel and it's totally different
it's a new series that I created called
changed shitty show so basically it's
like a talk show except there is no
budget so it's like real shitty but
because there's no budget and there's
nobody making it it's just me and my
friends I can do whatever the fuck I
want and I could get his fucking weird
as I want and the first episode is me
talking to my ex-boyfriend Garret it
gets weird you super liked me which I
didn't even know what that meant cuz I
thought it was cute what is a super like
me a super likes when you accidentally
press the blue button and then someone
comes on way too strong and then you end
up being best friends at them okay I'm
getting a guy is Tudor I just almost
crashed so there you guys go please
please please go up to the first episode
of Shane's shitty show give it a thumbs
up share with your friends I'll put the
link right in the description and I
really really hope you guys like it and
I hope it does well because I would love
to make more all right back to prison
okay so the same lady who made all my
fair foods from a couple weeks ago
cooked up all the prison food she also
gave me this so this right here is a
daily food ration now she says on the
sticky note from my friend who works at
a real prison so basically this is like
the little baggie of food that they get
once a day which is like breakfast for
me so I don't know how I would survive
in prison okay so in this bag there is a
bag of Lay's potato chips I know exactly
what those tastes like and yes that's
prison food chicken top ramen I also
know exactly what fancies like prison
food ooh okay this is cheese and peanut
butter sandwich cookies I haven't had
these since I was I was gonna say ten
but I look 40 so let's say 30 although
it's confused though because why would
you want cheese and peanut butter like I
know most people in prison are probably
crazy anyways cuz you know they murder
their whole family but I feel like
that's a whole new level of crazy when
you're like you know what I want some
cheese with my peanut butter that's a
bit you needs a death sentence alright
I'm still gonna give it a try
see if it's as bad as I remember
well lock me away for killing an entire
family film us going to pull up a
battery acid and throwing their asses in
there because this is BA why is this
good this makes no sense
this makes as much sense as homeless
people who run away from the cops if I
was homeless I would want to be arrested
so I could go somewhere where there is a
bed and food who maybe is okey girls I
knew it
first of all I do not trust her I don't
trust no motherfucker who lives in a
tree next food what the fuck is this
what just a tortilla first of all I was
in prison I'd fuck this go away you're
supposed to put these fingers inside of
it literally what the fuck is that what
the fuck are those those are genetically
modified hot dogs and hot dogs are
already genetically fucked
did you know hot dogs have every single
animal in them hot dogs is like an
actual zoo or my mom's house bitch has a
lot of pit yeah she's practically
snow-white all right let's make a finger
burrito all right so I'm just putting
these inside of the tortilla like that
oh my god this is like a little purse of
a serial killer
let me just find my keys mm-hmm not
under that faker all right so I rolled
up my little finger burrito let's take a
bite oh my god oh I only made it one
chew and look at the inside look at the
fingers popping out at me this is what I
imagined it looks like if you get your
hand cut off in your Amiens which sounds
so cute that's how I'll murder somebody
oh my god it put him in a cute little
sweater chop the body up into a million
little pieces but that's what Taylor's
wears closet looks like it's about just
sweaters and body parts
she probably invite all her exes over
for an ugly sweater competition and then
well she wins next food okay so this is
a prison a sloppy joe I'm actually
excited about this I love sloppy joes I
feel like the grocer it is the better it
is which is how I wish people felt about
me but from the comments on my Instagram
it's not let's take away oh my god don't
pro go like I know when you look at this
you're expecting Shane to do a bunch of
goofy faces they didn't do a trash can
talk about how it reminds me of his mom
shit but honestly is so fucking good
then it goes for me and my mom shit
which is tasty jeez a lot of lateness
names next food oh god what the fuck is
this roast beef dinner let's crack her
open what the fuck oh my god
like an for prison food not the inside
of a prison toilet which is bloody what
is it oh god there's layers ok so
there's some me found top boobies on top
another Beyonce jail I got my baby phone
tap Emma whatever the fuck matters on
the bottom of God wait what is that what
is this I thought it was mashed potatoes
but it's not coming apart oh that is Oh
No okay alright you know what I will
make a sandwich out of it so I'm going
to use the questionable Tate OHS for the
bun and then put the hard hard hard meet
in the middle
I need something to make it smell better
I listed another questionable but on top
oh god now it's just all falling apart
okay I'm just gonna take my Oh Oh God oh
fuck oh my god listen I know you hurt
people I know you kill people I know you
brought people and I know you've
prostituted yourself and I'm just saying
all those things to myself but let's
talk about the people in jail you do not
deserve this no crime does your this if
I was in jail I would pay for the death
sentence you want me to eat this every
night you know what I'd rather eat I'm
gonna say it Arby's yeah I said it I'd
rather eat motherfucking Arby's and we
all know how I feel about are these oh
my god no no you Arby's fuck you yeah I
got really heated Oh alright let's move
on to dessert alright I have two items
number one is a Tupperware of something
called fruit cocktail number two is a
plastic wrapped cherry pie I don't know
they both sound delicious I'm gonna
start with this because I trust this
more because I don't know well what the
fuck that is that is no fruit I've ever
seen it's all tiny little squares
they're all very wet and there's one
little red dot you see that the fuck is
that this looks like my ass Oh a lot of
flesh colored wetness and then like a
big red dot you don't really know what
it is but you're afraid to pop it you
google it and I'll even just coming up
so you have her piece at - but then you
google can I get her be step two on my
ass and
like no not really unless you real gross
and I take a picture of its any two
friends sometimes you just need advice
and sometimes all your friends block you
let's see okay doesn't look too bad
woo all right I can fuck with this this
looks like a little taco I mean the
consistency is while speaking of my ass
it's just not firm it's very out of
shape
it doesn't take the stairs it always
takes to escalator let's open this ass
up oh I should have said like up in the
sense of it than that because that's
just too real oh oh oh okay let's do
this oh can you like my after I don't
hit the idea I hate the execution like I
won't hit the idea of seeing Justin
Bieber's penis I just hated the
execution listen I don't think he has a
small penis but he had clearly just had
sex with somebody and your penis is
always big and fluffy after you have sex
with somebody so it's not like that's
just what his dick looks like yeah
that's what his dick looks like after he
fucks show me what his dick looks like
when he's been in an uber for three
hours and it's cold and uber driver
keeps saying you want some gum and your
dick just shrivels I want to see that
dick pick Justin what we're talking
about oh yeah my ass no this is gross
all right I'm just gonna finger this
fruit cocktail a little bit I don't
really want to fuck with it how it got
the sound all right I'm gonna try the
red dot cuz like I can never reach it
with my mouth when it's on my ass so is
what I've been waiting for oh that
tastes like a roach and I've had a
cockroach before I had a dark past all
right let's try this little square this
could be pine up what the fuck is this
what is this Oh hold on what the fuck is
that
that is not a grape that is no fruit
I've ever seen do they grow their own
fruit in jail
what do they use to grow it alright
let's drain huh no I can't even I don't
why why why would I do that
one more what is this oh okay okay I
know how this works this is a bologna
sandwich now kids it's not B'Elanna
although that is a pretty name if I ever
have a daughter
Emel I'm a name for a block now oh my
god and if I have a son I won't I'm a
name cheese Milania cheese and when they
take a picture together the captain on
Instagram will be like how long their
cheese sandwich don't worry I won't
breathe alright let's try this oh this
is real wet okay let's see what's on
okay Bologna right Oh hahaha that's it
okay let's do this
oh my god oh no no the log now don't you
fuck with Daddy like that where's my
baby cheese cheese knows how to treat oh
my god what if I had another child and
she was like sexually ambiguous and I
named her mayonnaise that's a really
aggressive yeah I don't know this is
gross I don't know who would eat this
while prison people I guess but people
that are not in prison shouldn't be
eating they shouldn't be selling this to
people who are not in prison also aren't
you're not supposed to have something
prison that could kill you like you're
not allowed up shoelaces because you can
hang yourself with them you're not
allowed to have dental floss because you
could choke yourself with it why would I
give you this this will kill me if I ate
this whole thing I'd be dead and
honestly if I have children if I have
little blog and cheese they'll kill me
too
boy you guys go that was me trying
prison food so that's today I've
realized um I don't want to go to prison
like I knew that before but now I'm
gonna really try not to all right you
guys if you liked this video make sure
to give it a big thumbs up and also
subscribe as I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see more
videos and me getting weird ass foods I
will put a link to a playlist in the
description also please please please
don't forget to check out my new show
shame shitty show on my main channel
right now it is right there in the
description please click it check it out
support it I'm so fucking excited about
it and I will see you little prisoners
tomorrow bye
but the shade that I always knew and the
one that I kind of thought you currently
looked like was like the straightened
hair and I was like yeah I gotta see it
I never saw the Shane with like the cut
hair and like the scrub Brian like the
more handsome Oh what I'm saying it was
a very handsome victory I did super like
yeah like really like an eight point
seven really yeah yeah but then when you
saw me a person you were like six point
three no it was still pretty solid
actually I'll take it
