hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Esther and
I just got my first speeding ticket last
week yeah turns I can actually not do 19
miles per hour to school zone didn't
have luckily only three children are
dead though so yay this is what the
buckaroos where we trying to stray away
from all of the terrible terrible news
has been lately talk more about the
light side of the news that you might
have missed in the last week how the
first thing that I'm talking about today
some of you may know the show American
Ninja Warrior or people compete in a
giant obstacle course to see who has the
most free time on their hands
American Ninja Warrior has been the news
this last week after a man in a t-rex
costume went through the course and did
better than you'd actually expect just
this predator eating up this course Ryan
is sword
the rope grab the rope
I fucking love this video I think my
favorite part on this video is the t-rex
is neck whenever he goes over jumps or
does anything it doesn't closely
resembles my neck when I have to do
anything physical also I love when the
announcers like Rex weighs about five
tons so he's one of our heavier
competitors the fuck was a heavier
competitor your mom the man of the t-rex
costume Rico Rivera did the course in
the aftermath of the Orlando shooting
where he said many people have said that
this video brought them a lot of light
and happiness and a dark time for our
country those affected by the attack I
can only hope this video may lift your
spirits and take your mind away from the
pain if only just for a moment the t-rex
though wouldn't be the weirdest thing to
appear on Ninja Warrior as a man crashed
the course completely in the nude in
2013 it is a very strong competitor you
know rock climber upper-body strength
here o hope this is atrocious
also how the feta content that a guy in
a t-rex costume is more physically
active to me like I would be the guy in
Ninja Warrior that'd be like and our
next contestant destory Smith from
Portland Oregon weighing in at oh my god
lose some weight pounds attempts to do
the first jump oh he's dead also saying
this kind of makes me feel bad for the
people who train for years to do this
only to be showed up by a fucking guy in
a t-rex costume anyways now that I've
seen this video I have zero excuses not
to achieve my dreams because if a guy in
a fucking t-rex costume can go through
Ninja Warrior yeah I'm pretty sure I can
do anything
that's what the fuck news a woman was
arrested last week after she lit her own
husband on fire because he allegedly
molested her seven-year-old daughter
honestly I kinda don't blame her but if
someone is molesting your child are you
really gonna be like let me calm and
rationally call the police then I have
to see their face in court for the next
possibly years and then maybe I get
justice when they get the highest
possible punishment which is 20 years
yeah let's do that
really though the suspect 40 year old
cat Anisha had been and her husband 52
year old Vincent Phillips on fire
because quote shooting him was too nice
which I also kind of agree with like you
think that if the punishment for
molesting someone was you are found
guilty of first-degree child molestation
thank you
maybe people would think twice about
fucking molesting people anyways tattini
she's been arrested for arson and
assault and I personally kind of feel
bad for her because obviously the judge
has to be fair because yes she literally
lit someone on fire but you know that
secretly the judge has to be like hey
good job also I kind of wonder what
happened when the daughter got home from
school or whatever it was like mom why
does it smell like gasoline in here and
the mom was like that's not gasoline
honey that's justice last one of my
views and it probably one of the
weirdest stories I've ever covered a
court hearing was in the news of last
week after the transcript of the hearing
was leaked online between the judge and
defendant which I will try to reenact
the best parts now the part of the
defendant will be played by myself with
a backwards hat exposing far too much of
my forehead good luck you're still I
hold you in contempt of court I don't
care I tended to 220 days because of
that any say anything else I'm going to
add 20 days for everything you say fuck
you in 40 days fuck you again 60 days go
fuck yourself a year your mother
10 years I got a donkey cock good I'm
sure the women will love it I don't fuck
them Oh
odo oh sorry I thought boys do prefer
men right I thought what black boys you
Oh white or black black boys
oh but boys with peanuts oh of course
you know you look like a queer stop my
day
listen suck my dick you fuck man I would
pull it out and Jack it on here okay why
don't you do that right now I can't do
it now doing that come on jackoff
what the fuck I have so many questions
about this why did the judge want him to
jack off
why was the defendant such an asshole
why does the defendant look like a
partially undead wizard or that torment
guy from Game of Thrones also what the
fuck is a but boy and how can I actively
avoid being one I don't know but boy it
just sounds horrible according to urban
dictionary which I've gathered is a very
credible site for learning words say but
boy is a sexual boy toy that belongs to
an older man which also makes me wonder
how the fuck did a judge know this term
and I didn't I've only known the
defendant Denver Alan was facing murder
charges during the hearing for allegedly
beating a man to death in a County Jail
how the hearing got this bad I have no
fucking idea also I'm pretty sure this
judge did what high school bullies would
do to be in high school like look at
this career god you're so okay let me
see your dick but seeing as how the
Honorable Judge journal probably lose
his job over this here's some famous
of his to the tune of our National
Anthem don't be fixated on dicks and
butts jack on right now you look like a
quid that is it for this episode of what
the fuck news so much of the day for you
guys is what would you do if someone is
trying to hurt your friends I would
personally say please stop it and if he
didn't I would be like okay but you know
at least I said something I'm not a
terrible friend
but let me know in the comments down
below all in today's stories as always
in the description down below as well as
all of my links holes before you guys go
make sure to check out my newest video
of my channel which is a song that I did
using only sounds from Finding Nemo
found extra laps Duncan said no one but
thank you that's up guys I'll see you
next time for another what the fuck news
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
you
