that's big eyes yes first of all i know
i lips her pink i have some shit on my
face it's been a weird day
but it's nothing it even weirder because
i have behind me a bag filled with KFC
mac and cheese no no you're probably
thinking shane why actually no you're
not you know me well enough to know that
this is normal the colonel is always in
my house so today i'm going to be taking
all this macaroni and cheese and making
something beautiful out of it and by
beautiful i mean gross weird and
something nobody wants i know what
you're expecting me to say you're
expecting me to say me but i'm not gonna
say that cuz that's too obvious
instead i'll say my future child let's
get macaroni okay so i thought about
doing galaxy and then I was like no fuck
it I've done galaxy too much I'm gonna
be doing food rainbow style okay so
first I have all of these food colorings
and all of these food coloring sprays
and I have a big Tupperware tin okay so
first I need to know what a rainbow
looks like shockingly I don't maybe I'm
not gay enough maybe I don't go outside
enough maybe everything I own is black
and colorless whatever the reason I need
to look it up okay
rainbow Korea first of all I googled
rainbow and the shit that came up is
crazy rainbow foot massage rainbow Bar &
Grill first of all why would I want to
go through a rainbow foot massage the
only color on my feet are yellow and I
want that removed
I want more colors added to it and also
reloj bar are you kidding me oh
nevermind I get that that's like a gay
bar probably or as I call it that area
over there okay I found rainbows so it's
red orange yellow green blue for both
west purple what the fuck is that
seriously what is that did they just
make up a color has that been there the
whole time how I never seen that I
really need to go outside okay so we're
gonna start with red red orange yellow
green blue purple that's six one two
three four five six
oh I'm perfect okay I know you're
thinking Shane it looks like somebody
took some bites out of it I don't know
what the fuck you're talking about okay
so I think I'm gonna put red food
coloring just inside of it and then
start mixing I mean I don't know if it's
actually gonna work because red and
yellow make orange I'm learning you
although that's the grossest thing I've
ever seen and I think
those things you should see me in the
shower it's a lot of me like Oh God for
like putting a little rack in my house
and pulling that one but you know they
say scientists discover something new
like once a year I discover something
new every day
a new sister new skin tag a new smell
I'm basically scientist alright so this
is kind of working was that a little
more bread oh my god guys look okay I
mean I wouldn't want to eat it but like
it's pretty okay it's not pretty but
it's red okay
first macaroni success now what's next
orange okay so I have a little orange
food coloring here and I'm just gonna
drop it right in there and that looks
red fuck we no no no it's working it's
working oh wow it's really working
holy fuck oh my god this reminds me of
that show Nickelodeon figured out do you
remember that I'm old oh my god and
Amanda Bynes would be on it and she
wouldn't be lighting animals on fire oh
the good old days all right orange is
done yellow done whoo green being a
pickle owning about making slime I have
always wanted to be slime I just feel
like that's such an honor like you stand
on stage you get all ready you do your
hair you do your makeup and then some
asshole kid comes up pull the lever and
cover your slime and then the
celebrities pretend like they think it's
so fucking funny when in reality right
afterward you know Zac Efron is running
to his manager like what the fuck Jerry
first I have to start a movie with Seth
fucking Rogen and be next to him while
he's shirtless looking like a fucking
gorilla then you put me on the fucking
Kids Choice Awards and make me take my
shirt off in front of literally
five-year-olds and then you let them
cover me in slime which is actually
vanilla fucking pudding pink and green
did you know that vanilla fucking
pudding it seeped through my pores and
go into my body and make me fat I don't
know it's worse this or the time you
made me Papa Nessa Hudgens actually it's
done all right now blue done at last
purple
well no I have one extra left what am I
ever gonna do with that oh well I'll
figure something out okay so I don't
have purple liquid so I'm just gonna use
the spray whoa that
awesome five I know you're thinking
Shane why don't you just lay out all the
macaroni and just spray it because I'm
an idiot and I'm not Rosanna pansino and
I don't know what I'm doing alright
let's finish okay so here's the rainbow
so I guess
should I like try to actually make a
rainbow fuck it let's do it okay I'll
start at the bottom
so first is purple oh god this is gonna
be harder than I thought uhm this is not
going well
this could not look any grosser all
right taste the rainbow
it tastes like shit okay I'm actually
gonna spray this real quick to make sure
it's purple enough wow she is painted
okay next is blue oh my God if this
fucking works
I want a gay icon award I want to be the
ambassador for like all things gay like
I know Tyler Oakley raised like a
million dollars for The Trevor Project
but like made this I made Rainbow
fucking macaroni and cheese I'm a hero
oh my god this actually looks good
should I add a little blue oh my god oh
I'm excited that's my excited dance okay
now it's green okay let me just spray
that a little bit okay next one is
yellow okay so I'm just gonna spray this
with more yellow just so it really pops
um I'm like really fucking proud of
myself today so I'd like everybody to UM
tell me I'm amazing Thanks alright and
now the orange right oh my god guys look
oh my god I'm so fucking happy wait
forgot red team is okay well alright let
me try to add it ah fuck kind it was so
excited oh this is gonna ruin it we'll
just do a little red like on the side
okay alright that didn't ruin it let me
just fix it with some food color there
we go
and there it is oh my god that looks
fucking cool guys look uh why am I so
proud of myself this is so stupid
oh who cares be proud hashtag proud I
should cry huh game bachelor hero okay
so now it is time for me to try it my
masterpiece pie looks so pretty alright
I'm gonna get a little piece of every
color Oh fucking America goals there it
is alright I mean is bombers flub oops I
mean look crazier your mouth but it
feels real good your stomach boy your
guys go
be making rainbow macaroni and cheese
I'm excited I feel accomplished if you
let me make any other weird rainbow
colored foods leave us a comment letting
me also go on to see me make more weird
food like galaxies and all that other
shit I will put a link to the playlist
in the description I'll think of this
video a thumbs up and subscribe down
there cuz I make new videos like this
every single day and I will see you
little rainbow macaronis tomorrow bye
week at this for the show you did it for
this show okay what show are you talking
about are you talking about hopefully a
reality show your parents told you they
wanted because that literally makes no
sense
I remember watching this with my mom and
we both gasp we are freaking the fuck
out we're like what
