hey what's up you guys yes today I'm
going to be doing another one of my
weird dark videos and I hope this
interests you because it very much
interest me we're going to be talking
about some crazy hoaxes
so hoaxes is when something happens that
isn't exactly what it seems for example
when somebody says a celebrity dies on
Twitter but they're actually alive or
when a youtuber fakes a pregnancy and it
never happened
those are considered hoaxes and today
we're going to be talking about four of
my favorites
number one the hoax of the balloon boy
so in 2009 b'keen family we're creating
a large aluminum weather board Richard
and Mayumi have been working on it for a
while with their family and then one day
she went wrong supposedly their
six-year-old son Falcom was inside of
the balloon when it floated away this
became a huge news story I remember
exactly where I was when it happened I
was on my couch my mom ran into the room
she turned on a TV and we saw balloon
boy
now this huge balloon was floating
through the sky and people were freaking
out I mean they thought if this balloon
crashed that little boy is dead and
we're all watching it I remember moments
where it almost hit electric wires it
almost hit other objects it was really
fucking scary I mean the National Guard
got involved every police officer in the
state got involved it was a really big
deal well when the balloon finally
landed everybody was freaking out hoping
that the little boy was okay and a
little boy wasn't fucking in it instead
the little boy came out of his hiding
spot and he had been hiding in the Attic
of his house all day so this is when
people started to wonder if this was a
hoax or not did this family do it
because they wanted to get famous or get
a reality show well all those suspicions
became even worse when the family was
interviewed on the Larry King show that
night check it out
did he hear anything did he hear are you
screaming out Falken Falken hmm you did
you did why didn't you come out yes said
yeah look at this for his show oh I'm
sorry what was that Falcon Lincoln cake
for his show you did it for the show
okay what show are you talking about are
you talking about hopefully a reality
show your parents told you they wanted
because that literally makes no sense I
remember watching this with my mom and
we both gasp we were freaking the fuck
out we're like what well luckily the
host Wolf Blitzer didn't miss it
he asked again I I heard what he said
I'm sure not I'm not it wasn't really
clear what was his is reasoning why he
heard he heard you screaming Falcon
Falcon and I'm sure he heard his mom
screaming Falcon Falcon but why didn't
he come out of the garage at that point
well you know whenever he whenever we
tell him things like you know it's a bad
thing to do he does go and hide now of
course after that interview everybody
was like what the fuck who is this
family why would they do this why would
they fake their child being like up in a
balloon almost dying well to clear their
name the next day the family went on The
Today Show and talked to Meredith Vieira
where they made it a lot fucking worse
check it out anyway somebody had asked
him that they could show he would show
them how he got in the Attic so he was
obliging him and one of the guys told me
was for some mom mom why guys told me it
was for some TV show so that's what he
was referring to yeah the kid threw up
he was so nervous it's so scared of the
lies he was telling me he threw up now I
know this doesn't sound like that big of
a deal but it really is because when you
think about it they had all the police
in the state National Guard
everybody was trying to help this kid
that was up in a balloon but if you
think about it if they knew the kid was
in the Attic
all of that's illegal having the police
work on something that you know isn't
real that's not just a hoax that's a
crime well the court agreed it was a
crime and they went to court right after
that well Richard the dad or the
mastermind I was behind all of it pled
guilty and he was sentenced in 90 days
to jail well if you're wondering what
the heme family is up to now they
created a boy band for their sons called
the Haines boys and their first song is
called balloon boy no hoax I'm serious
Oh
yikes I wish that was fake but it's very
real okay so our next hoax is pretty
scary and it's actually one of the most
famous horror stories of all time now
I'm sure you've all heard of the am evil
horror story they've made so many movies
about it documentaries and TV shows it's
a story of a guy who murdered his whole
family in the middle of the night and
then when that next family moved into
the house the ghost of the guy before
them started haunting them and then it
eventually possessed the new owner to
kill his family now this is one of those
stories that everybody knows it's talked
about forever and I've always just
believed it well turns out it's all a
lie so here's what really happened on
November 13th and 1974 a man named bran
jr. killed his entire family in the
middle of the night that part is true he
was found guilty and sent to prison and
then the house was put up for sale
then the luvs family moved in with their
three children then supposedly that's
when the family started being haunted
cabinets would open doors would slam
objects would move across the room
glowing eyes and demon faces would
appear all over the mirrors there'd be
big painted get out see blood on the
walls of course the family moved out of
the house because the hauntings were too
scary eventually wrote a book about it
and then it turned into a movie well a
lot of paranormal experts were like I
smell bullshit here's just a few holes
they found in the story number one the
Lutz family said they saw a demonic who
prints in the snow from some kind of a
demon but when experts looked into it
they realized that there was no snow
around the time that they said that
story happened number two the family
said that the doors were damaged
doorknobs were ripped off and there was
holes in the wall so when they went into
the house everything was fine everything
looked untouched and number three
during this 28-day nightmare the family
never called the police
not once I'm sorry if you're in a house
and doors are flying and shits going
everywhere and your daughter's possessed
and people are fucking raining blood on
the walls which you call the police
literally right away well even though
all these scientists and experts were
telling them that this story sounded
like bullshit family didn't give a fuck
and their book made thousands of dollars
well here's what actually happened none
of that yes there was a family
murdered and yes the guy was in jail but
the house is not haunted so what
happened was the killer was in jail and
there was a chance that he was going to
face the death penalty well his lawyer
William Weber obviously did not want
that to happen and the killer would tell
his lawyer stories like he was hearing
voices and somebody else was telling him
to kill his family it was a ghost well
that gave William the big idea what if
you could go to the current owners and
tell them hey let's say this house is
haunted would you guys be down for that
that way we can create a story sell a
book sell a movie we'll all get rich and
maybe my client won't be so crazy
looking maybe people will think she
really was possessed and the story
really is real and then maybe you won't
get the death penalty well years later
William admitted that that's exactly
what happened he says him in the Lutz's
created the whole story over a few
bottles of wine he says the house is
never really on it and all those crazy
stories that were happening we're all
made up the craziest part people don't
know this I didn't know this people
still to this day believe that the
Amityville Horror is still real and the
house is still on to today and they
still keep making fucking movies about
it there's another one with Bella Thorne
coming out soon it just shows it no
matter how fake a story is if it's
interesting enough people fucking
believe it
now this next hoax isn't really scary
but it is kind of funny but also kind of
fucked up and that is the hoax that
Ciara the R&B singer was born on man now
the rumor got started back in 2005 and
it spread fast
I remember hearing about it when I was
younger and I thought it was 100 entry
oh and this was before the internet was
like super popular so he couldn't really
research stuff that much if people told
you something you believed it now the
rumor goes that when Sierra was born she
had both genitals male and female and
the parents decided to go with the
female cut off the dick people were
posting pictures saying like look how
manly her body is look at her man
shoulders look at her man's stomach look
at her face doesn't she look like a guy
in a way I remember in school everybody
was talking back and they'd always bring
up the Oprah Winfrey Show so supposedly
the proof was the Sierra was on The
Oprah Winfrey Show I did an interview
talking about she was born hermaphrodite
now when this rumor was going on Sierra
wasn't saying anything about it she
wasn't saying it was false or it was
true which made everybody think even
more so that was just real then a couple
years later she was getting interviewed
on
she said this I have to say none of them
follow me but I'll just do it just
because whatever um there's nothing
about me theater so my family follows
something I was born afroditi son like
that area that I went and opened is none
like okay come on now you know if I
wasn't open like how do you take so long
for there happens to somebody go you
know I mean my gosh big idiot so we're
not in heaven if you're in fun though I
give you a hundred friends is a fuckin
play upon that so there you go it wasn't
real it was just a hoax but we all
fucking believe it
some people would still believe it to
this day which is crazy because she's
actually had a child like she physically
gave birth so not real but hey it's fun
to think that speaking of celebrities
here is our last hoax and this is one
that I genuinely believed and just a few
years ago I found out how incredibly
faint it was and that is that the host
of the show Blue's Clues died so 1996
there was a show on Nickelodeon called
blue spoons it was about this little dog
and it would run around the house and it
would leave little paw prints and then a
host Steve would talk to the dog and
talk to the audience and sing little
songs and the show is becoming insanely
popular and Steve was becoming pretty
famous and then he disappeared one day
viewers tuned in and saw a different guy
his name was donovan patton and he was
replacing steve of course everybody was
like what the fuck where did steve go
and steve wasn't talking he did do any
interviews he didn't talk about just the
press so people started making up rumors
and one of the biggest rumors was that
he died of a drug overdose and
nickelodeon didn't want anybody to know
about it so they replaced it now I
remember back when this happened even my
mom believed that I remember she came
home from work one day saying oh my god
did you hear about Steve from Blue's
Clues
oh my god I just saw a magazine and I
was devastated I remember I cried all
day well it turns out he's not dead it's
very much alive and here's the truth so
supposedly Steve was just tired of being
on a kids TV show and he didn't want to
be on it anymore and one of the biggest
reasons was he was going bald here's
what he said about that in an interview
I knew I wasn't gonna be doing
children's television all my life
mostly because I refused to lose my hair
all on a kids TV show and it was
happening that so there you go not dead
just bawling now while he was on the
show he was doing everything he could to
cover up the fact that he was balding
some episodes he'd be wearing a hat and
in some episodes you could even see his
receding hairline and that really
bothered him so you're probably
wondering what is Steve doing now while
he's still around he's a musician
and he's a stand-up comedian and he
talks about Blue's Clues a lot and it's
pretty funny when the mail showed up I
froak out I would I would leap into the
air and start gambling about like a lamb
I would sing this crazy song and I would
freak out and then I would scream like
pee-wee Herman at the yeah so there you
go that is t burns not dead and that is
another hoax that fooled a lot of us
including myself so there you guys go
that was me talking about some of my
favorite houses if you enjoyed it you
want more of these videos let me know by
giving me a thumbs up and also leave me
a comment down below telling me if you
ever believe any of these hoaxes also
make sure to subscribe right down here I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to see more creepy videos if
conspiracy theories or deaths I will put
a link to a playlist right below all
right you guys I'm going to go read up
on more hoaxes you should too and I will
see you tomorrow or will I I will or
will I probably or I'll replace myself
with somebody younger and more
attractive and you won't think I'm dead
you'll know I'm just on my couch eating
right let's do like a little Kylie thing
like a little like drip little drips oh
yeah oh fuck we're so cool we're so rich
