hey what's up guys my name is Destry
welcome back to what the fuck 5 so now
Halloween was a couple weeks ago and
you'll be happy to know that I did not
dress up like dark mom is here
I know I'd heard of I was actually a
vampire this year and my outfit made
Twilight look heterosexual not an easy
thing to do but that said I thought
today we would talk about another scary
topic and one of the scariest things to
me is weird and unsolved mysteries
so talked about this topic a little bit
before us if you haven't seen that first
video make sure to click here to watch
that but for today's video we'll be
talking about five more unsolved
mysteries so number one the Max Headroom
incident the Max Headroom was the host
of a show in the mid-1980s called the
Max Headroom show but I honestly cannot
even explain what it was about I mean
this was the intro to the show yeah like
what the fuck is that show about anyways
so the Max Headroom incident happened on
November 22nd 1987 during the nine
o'clock news on a local channel in
Chicago when the screen suddenly went
black for about 15 seconds followed by
an unknown man in a max headroom mass
moving around on the screen for about 20
seconds straight while he stared into
your soul
I don't know why that's so good if you
to me but I just imagine that you're
coming home from a long day at work
you're trying to catch up on some news
and then all of a sudden this pops up on
your screen with no explanation and no
audience yeah no that's a bagel bottle
of note right there
fortunately the network was able to
switch the frequency of their
transmitter back to the original
broadcast and no one really knew what
the hell happened it even the news
anchor words afterwards Vermont so if
you're wondering what's happened as I
mentioned this was just one of the times
this happened as the exact same
broadcast went live just a few hours
later to another local Chicago channel
who is playing a doctor who rerun but
this time the network wasn't able to
switch it off so quickly and so it
played the entire broadcast but this
time with the audio which just made it
even creepier
as long as I can tell a massive evict
okay yeah yeah actually that actually
happened and this might just be me but
why is it that a man in a mask being
spanked on live TV is still somehow
better than keeping up with the
kardashians that's the real mystery
right there but since the broadcast
aired no one really came forward and
said that they did it no investigations
have really turned up any evidence or
people that might have been involved
with him so whoever did this creepy
broadcast at 11:00 at night has gotten
away with it for 30 plus years and I
just spent like you know haha we were
able to hijack a network I mean even the
news anchors that covered it later
hauled them pranksters or pirates and
while it may have been of stunts it is
not treated as a joke
Chicago's video pirate could face a jail
sentence and fines for his freelance
exercise in public access so it's
probably just a prank but it still
doesn't make it any less creepy number
two
Kanika Jenkins so the depth of kanika
Jenkins was actually a topic that Shane
covered in one of his conspiracy theory
videos but since the topic is so recent
I thought I would cover it again and
obviously I mean no disrespect for the
families that were affected by this
interestingly Cooney cos family actually
believed a lot of the conspiracy
theories because they're just not
convinced that she would have died in
such a strange way so 19 year old kanika
Jenkins left her house on September 8
2017 to go to a party at the Crowne
Plaza Hotel in downtown Chicago the next
morning she was reported missing and no
one had any idea where she might have
gone and it wasn't until several pleas
from canmake his family that the
surveillance footage was released and
actually showed what happened and I'm
warning you the footage is disturbing
knowing that these are the last steps
that she would ever take as kanika
Jenkins was later discovered dead in the
walk-in freezer of the hotel
and this obviously sparked a lot of
controversy you know like why would she
go in the freezer to begin with I mean
it was obvious from the footage that she
was intoxicated or on drugs but even her
own sisters spoke out about her death
with her own insight as just how weird
it was that she was found dead in a
freezer that many people speculate was
almost impossible for her to open in the
first place Shane mentions in his
conspiracy theory video a lot of what
people believe is that she might have
been murdered in her body left in the
freezer as some people believe that the
Crowne Plaza Hotel might be a site for
organ trafficking and I don't know if I
believe that I mean maybe I just don't
want to believe it I would actually like
to have good dreams tonight so I'm gonna
just ignorantly pretend like that's not
a thing but what is interesting is that
so many people around this area seem to
go missing coincidence
probably not but according to connect
his autopsy which came out sometime
later her official cause of death was
hypothermia from being exposed to the
cold for so long with their alcohol and
drug use being quote a significant
contributing factor other than that
there wasn't any like ligature marks on
her neck so she wasn't strangled and
there wasn't any evidence of physical or
sexual abuse so it could just be a huge
accident but we may never know number
three
Bella in the wit gel so I'm just gonna
say this one is probably one of the
oldest mysterious deaths that still has
not been solved to this day but has too
many theories to possibly list in this
video so I'm only gonna be talking about
the ones that I find the most
interesting
so back story so in Hollywood England in
the mid 1940s for teenage boys decided
to go poaching for birds in the middle
of the woods one of the boys climbed a
tree to scout for bird's nest when he
looked down and saw a skull in the
hollow of a large witch elm tree and
after thinking that might have been an
animal that just got trapped within the
tree they quickly found that they
discovered a real human skull in the
tree as it still had bins of
hair and flesh poking out of it dude if
I would have found that in the fucking
woods
I would have died hell no so the boys
went back home and as they were doing
something illegal on someone else's
property they vowed to never speak of it
again
that didn't last long as one of the boys
could not handle what he had seen had
nightmares about it and finally decided
to tell his dad so he obviously calls
the police and upon checking out the
hollow tree they found not only a skull
but a nearly complete human skeleton
along with a shoe a wedding ring and
bits of clothing oddly though one of the
hands of the skeleton was missing which
was discovered buried nearby and after
examining the body they determined that
the skeleton was a middle-aged woman who
had been murdered and put into the tree
for over a year before it was discovered
so news about this spread across the UK
and as this story picked up even though
they didn't know her name people started
to graffiti the words who put Bella down
the witch Elm all across the town this
is where a lot of the conspiracy
theories come into play a lot of people
thinking that bewitch Elm is actually
significant and if you put a witch
inside of a witch helmet like nullifies
their power and she's not able to do
things past death it's also weird that
her hand was missing as many satanic
cults believe that if you remove the
hand from a which it actually nullifies
her power as well not to mention the
weird graffiti popping up everywhere
which many people believe that everyone
knew more about her death and people
were letting on and I don't know if
you've seen the movie Hot Fuzz but it's
basically like this whole town is in on
this like giant cult type thing so it
could have been the same exact thing as
the only thing that police really knew
100% is that the woman was not from the
area so you know like why would a
foreign girl come to this small town and
just end up murdered a few days later
but throughout the subsequent years of
Investigation no one really found
anything as far as a lead and also as I
mentioned they weren't able to identify
the body as this was all happening
during World War Two and there was
obviously a lot of dead bodies which
made finding her identity even harder
but for the sake of me not overthinking
this and not having terrible dreams I'm
just gonna pretend like this lady
actually was a witch and if she wasn't
killed and put into this Wiggum then she
might have haunted us and cursed us to
have toenails four eyelids and anuses
four lips yeah that doesn't sound
pleasant at all so good job for
murdering a woman that's something I
never thought I'd
in my life and now to take a break from
the creepy ones number four benjamin
kyle imagine waking up one day and not
even knowing who you are not knowing
your name how you got there nothing well
this actually happened to a man named
Benjamin Kyle who was found naked
outside of a Burger King with several
injuries to his body after he was
discovered there he was sent to the
hospital and treated for his injuries
and when he was finally able to speak he
told the hospital staff that he couldn't
remember anything and didn't even know
his own name
all he could seem to remember is that
his name might have been Benjamin with
two A's by the way so it was more like
Benjamin here's how you normally spell
Benjamin and here's how he spelled it so
I guess Benjamin so Benjamin assumed the
last name of Kyle has sort of a
placeholder for forms as a joke to make
his initials BK where he was found ha ha
that's a good joke so after being
transferred back and forth from
different hospitals and homeless
shelters with absolutely no success of
founding out who he was he was invited
onto the dr. Phil show which launched
his unusual condition into the public
spotlight unfortunately even with dr.
Phil's help no leads came up no one
really sang he I know this guy so he
remained the world's first missing
person despite his whereabouts being
known so this continued on for years
appearing on more TV shows to sort of
plead his case and in the meantime since
he didn't have any idea or social
security number or birth certificate he
wasn't able to work beyond being a
janitor and living in an air-conditioned
shack in Florida wow that's terrible
mostly the being in Florida Park that
place is the worst
but in 2015 after 11 years of amnesia
and a dozen DNA tests a match was
finally found he was discovered to be
William Burgess Powell a native of
Lafayette Indiana so where he got
Benjamin I have no fucking idea
Benjamin must be his superhero name I am
Benjamin having amnesia is my power it's
really not a good power man I have no
idea but Vincent's identity has been
found into trying to reconnect with the
people that were as friends and live out
the life the way you should have and not
stuck in a shack washing dishes in the
butthole of America seriously that place
is the worst so yes not all of these
unsolved mysteries will remain unsolved
forever but this one was a mystery for
11 years and took up a ton of this man's
life so that's why it makes it onto this
list and finally number five abies
voices so this one just fucks with your
mind and there's still no explanation as
to anything in his story end it with
we'll make you question everything in
your life okay so a bees voices is the
story of a girl in the 1960s known only
as a B so a bee was having a merry old
English day when all of a sudden she
started to hear voices and he might be
like oh that's just schizophrenia
there's a lot of documented cases about
people hearing creepy voices or telling
them to kill things it's actually not
that uncommon but in the case of a bee
the voices in her head weren't yelling
at her or telling her to kill people but
instead according to her said in a calm
voice please don't be afraid I know it
must be shocking for you to hear me
speaking to you like this but this is
the easiest way to think of my friend
and I used to work at the Children's
Hospital Great Ormond Street and we
would like to help you apologies for
that terrible British accent by the way
but of course completely understandably
a bee was absolutely terrified I would
have been shitting my pants I mean I
don't usually wear pants but I would
100% be pooping in my Star Wars pajamas
so a being continued to hear the voices
until she finally decided to go into a
neurosurgeon named doc for a zonie and
as boney did everything he could
medically to figure out what was going
on with her where the voices were coming
from but after running several tests
nothing came back so she leaves
everything seems fine but a few days
later the voices come back telling her
she has a brain tumor and that she needs
to go into a hospital and do a brain
scan after finally giving in to the
voices demands sure enough the scans
found a tumor on her brain stem exactly
where the voices said it was oh yo what
the fuck even more crazy is that the
tumor was in such an early stage that
they were able to operate and remove it
and she ended up making a full recovery
which if you know anything about brain
cancer that's like unheard of but when
she finally woke up from her recovery
she heard the voices for one last time
saying we are pleased to have helped you
goodbye and since that day she never
heard the voices again ah yeah I don't
know I got nothing so this one is just
crazy I guess some people believe that
maybe she already knew that she had
cancer and she just went in there to
prank them ha ha ha gotcha you gotta
realize this was in the 1960s when there
was a lot less awful people than there
are now but other than that no logical
or scientific answer has ever been given
but some people believe that it was God
or a telepathic person that wanted to
save her I don't know it's just it's
crazy so that said that's why a bees
voices is still
one of the most mysterious unsolved
mysteries but that is it for this
episode of what the five hopefully you
guys enjoyed it honestly I'm real
spooked out so I'm gonna go fucking turn
on all the lights in my house and
probably watch a feel-good movie like
grown-ups just something that's horrible
but will take my mind off of this
terrible stuff yeah that sounds good
that's it guys I will see you next time
for another one fuck five thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
