help you guys I have a bag from Claire's
and you know what that means
I wasted mudding it also means security
was watching me very closely
oh and I'm doing a testing beauty
product video yeah so I have all these
products from Claire's and I have never
used any of them so I'm very excited and
also just like really ready to see my
new look because like this is getting
old like I'm tired of it you're tired of
it everybody I know is tired of it I'm
just ready for a monkey to rip off my
face did have Oprah give me a new one
but until that happens time to test out
some clear products okay so first I'm so
excited about this I have seen this in a
store and I was like who the fuck would
buy this and now they enters me
this is clip-in bangs or as they call it
modern fringe oh my god on the back it
says incredibly sexy yeah there is
nothing sexier than going to bed with a
girl by now it would be like just a
second baby sorry
take off my bangs yeah she gets me hot
alright let's open this up okay it says
there's three easy steps you take it
clip it in and you're done and you
already know I'm still probably gonna
fuck it up oh my god it's kind of my
color this is my fucking work also this
is so scary
everything about this weird hair sack in
a bag this is what I imagine it would be
like if I had a kid Oh where's your baby
right here ah what the fuck is that oh
well she takes after a daddy really
Harry Oh cute let's clip it in yeah
everything about this is just gross
like what oh my god okay here we go
by the way the brand is called hairdo I
must say don't I'm gonna say never I'm
gonna say hair to shave your head just
end it
alright let's clip her in oh my god oh
my god oh my god
hi just here picking up from your summer
practice this is unbelievable
I look good ass bitch my face is
contoured for the goal I would fuck me
oh my god this is fucking everything I
look really pretty until 8:00 talk ready
watch hide yeah it's terrifying oh my
god who look like oh my god I look like
the girl from Fifty Shades of Grey I
don't know I've never been anally
assisted before maybe we should start
with something a little more low-key
maybe you tie me up and beat the shit on
me with a whip in your weird creepy red
room you know something like casual oh
my god I am never taking this off just
get ready this is my new look okay I got
a snapchat this follow me on snapchat to
get stuff like this oh god they're
always following you know oh my god
killing it huh how is she doing okay
next product although I never ever want
to stop this you know what now I'm just
gonna leave it on for that is the video
okay thanks injectables I don't know
what the fuck that means but I'm ready
for it so this is a line eraser
90-second wrinkle reducer and it's
literally a needle I just want to remind
you that I've never been to college I
don't even go to the doctor so I don't
even know how to use these the only
needles I've ever seen are the used ones
covered in AIDS outside of my house and
that's cuz I just don't have the heart
to tell these creepy drug addicts to
leave it's almost like they were here
first you know I mean like when I moved
in like they were already here in the
alleyway shooting up literally eating
each other I saw one of them fighting on
the other ones are who am I to tell them
that this isn't home but honestly I'm
never walking outside looking like this
cuz I will be eaten
bitch you lookin good alright here we go
does it work Oh God
oh wait wait hold on what the fuck is
this that's mmm it's literally just
pumping out dead skin Oh God oh it's a
person grandma can you imagine if like
when you die there's like a little box
you check it's like do you want to be
cremated have your organs donated turn
into a beauty product I'd be more
the highlight really all right let's put
this shit in the face all right so my
wrinkles are like here see that Zana
wrinkle yeah right there
this might hurt a little bit with these
bends I look like this creepiest school
nurse ever I forgot to shave ooh have
you kids been sexually active do you
think you have the comitia the herpes no
you don't do you want it okay okay here
we go oh yeah that we're not a charm
the fuck is that it's literally just a
shitty ass way to put makeup on your
face this is just nothing there's no
actual needle oh fuck this who the fuck
would buy it me I'm just gonna keep this
to scare people at my house just like
leave it in the bathroom shave you have
it more toilet paper
oh yeah it's under the sink okay cool
let me hey you're taking a long time in
there everything okay um yeah I'm just
um boobie heavily he's on drugs he's
definitely gonna die he keeps going down
this road Wow next product
Thanks tattoo now I would say who would
want this but the answers me so me you
know what people always say like me like
they see somebody Dana saying really
well they're like oh my god me I do that
too except it's not when I see things
that are good it's like when I see a dog
throwing up or like a middle-aged woman
crying in a parking lot at Ralph's or
honestly when I plug on my toilet like
hardcore and I have to call a plumber
the whole time he's trying to get my
shit out I'm going be me me me me let's
put on our face tattoo the armpit hair
just really adds to this oh yes Beach
it's stuck in my hair but that's okay
do how does it look scary off-putting
great ooh I like this cuz it's kind of
hidden oh so I couldn't hear you what
was that
real subtle I feel like we should move
it oh fuck
like maybe like a chin tattoo oh that's
fucking good okay hold on this right
here this is 200 kid likes on Instagram
you know what I mean like I don't get
that but like I will now like for some
youtubers it's easy to get 200k lights
like all you have to do is post a
picture of you like stand in front of a
gate with all your fans behind a gong to
get at you
you're like really actually terrified on
the inside but you're smiling on the
outside your caption is I love meeting
my fans like that gets you 200k for me I
have to wear a fucking fake-ass wig and
a face Gattu the struggle is real
fuck oh shit next product oh oh so hard
this is fucking Krispy Kreme donut lip
gloss hoo-hah I should take this off
right no should I okay I'll take it off
whoa oh whoa what is this
yeah I mean it's not getting any better
oh I was gonna grab my book it gets
worse but yeah you get it
hashtag broma all right here we go it's
a little tiny donut and then you just
open it up yeah ripping a donut in half
is never this part I usually do it
before I'm even out of the driver Bob Oh
got it oh so you just like put your
finger inside the donut I'm a natural
with that you just get all the cream
let's see if it tastes like an actual
Krispy Kreme huh this oh my god this is
so good I can't actually use this
because if I pull this out in public um
sad yikes
how does it feel like I would look so
much prettier applying it if I was
wearing my clip-in bangs
tastes like donut yeah still creepy mood
mod so this isn't technically a beauty
product at all but it was a clearance
and I just really want to try it this is
silly putty that changes colors with
your mood like I'm expecting to change
black and never ever a different color I
let's try this whoo oh my god this is
some quality fucking slime to say no di
washy it
okay so right now it's green so I guess
our mood will change it let's think of
something let make our mood change okay
I'm currently thinking about how I can
never find any clothes that fit me at
any store except for Target and getting
a little mad about it not being sad
though because I'm thinking it's
probably not the store it's probably the
body but if every store had the same
kind of measurements it wouldn't fucking
matter
shame calm down I don't just buy your
clothes online like everybody else
because I can't buy my clothes online
because when they come to my healthy
never fucking fit because my body is
weird shaped Jane it's not weird shaped
yes it kind of looks like a potato and a
pair got together and made a gross food
but that doesn't mean it's weird okay
first of all you're trying to say that I
the face of a potato and the body of a
pear because if you are you're fucking
right and I can't believe I've never
thought of it let's see what color it is
now still green doesn't work last
product this is body tubes so it is like
paint that you can put anywhere on your
body and not die so we are gonna put
some pink on my lips why the fuck not ha
oh my god with my fringe hold on I'm
just like figuring out my new look oh
yes
oh I love it see how it looks now says I
can put it anywhere
I just want from like a cute librarians
like your eighth-grade math teacher and
you fucking hate that bitch
she gives you homework on the weekends
and won't stop talking about how her
husband died he died he was right on top
of me it was crazy
alright I mean the color is good I mean
this is not bad let's do like a little
Kylie thing like a little like drip ooh
little drips oh yeah oh fuck we're so
cool we're so rich oh I feel just like
Kylie after she got you know you know
hit by a car and like stopped out the
clown this is a fucking album cover if I
was a pop star which I am by the way
hashtag dication song never forget it
this will be the album cover
oh wait where's my needle no this would
be valve uncover oh so exclusively at
Walmart well you guys go that was me
trying beauty products today hopefully
you enjoyed it I think I did make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe right down there because I
make new videos every fucking day also
if you want to see more videos of me
trying beauty product and trying beauty
hacks I'll put a link to the playlist to
write the description right you guys a
fan phone me iPhone with you and I'll
show you little beauty brother mom right
now Six Flags is known for having the
most intense rollercoasters basically in
the world I think they have over 20 in
each theme park and they're fucking
crazy I mean they have loops they have
sharp turns on some of them you're
standing while you're going on it they
have rides with fire it's just the most
intense reds are but because of that
sometimes they have accidents
