over here oh my god yes I'll send him
anything whoa
you look like you've done that before
the way you just rocked it out do the
v-neck he went blue yeah that's very
unattractive closer oh my god if he
thinks I have hairy nipples ah hey
what's up you guys yes today is another
day where we're gonna talk about some
crazy dance but before we get into that
I just want to give a really quick
shout-out to myself so my new book it
gets worse which I've talked about
before it's coming out July 19th which
is really really fucking soon and it is
available for pre-order right now it
gets worse book calm I'll put the links
in the description it would mean so so
much to me if you guys got this book I
worked so incredibly hard on it to make
it funnier than the first one and more
in-depth and more personal I wrote every
fucking word myself I talk about stuff
I've never talked about in any of my
videos and it's also just really fucking
funny and I'm proud of it and I think
you guys are going to fucking love it so
please go get the book right now and
also from July 19th to July 30th I will
be on the road and meeting you guys so
if you want to meet me in person I'll
put the link down there and check out my
tour and where I'm gonna be
it is facebook.com slash Shane Dawson
fans slash pivots okay let's get to the
video so last time we did the video like
this we were talking about deaths that
took place at Disneyland and those
deaths were pretty gruesome and really
disturbing but today it's gonna get
worse oh that's awful oh but you know
okay I'm getting and again I'm going to
say please no disrespect to the families
of people who died I just find it really
interesting and I like gross crazy shit
and hopefully you did so today we're
gonna be talking about accidents that
occurred at Six Flags Magic Man
now Six Flags is known for having the
most intense rollercoasters basically in
the world I think they have over 20 in
each theme park and they're fucking
crazy I mean they have loops they have
sharp turns on some of them you're
standing while you're going on it they
have rides with fire it's just the most
intense rides are but because of that
sometimes they have accidents and today
I'm not going to talk about all the
times that people get stuck on the
rollercoasters while they're upside down
that shit happens all the time and
sometimes they're hanging there for
hours all the blood rushing to their
head in a hundred degree weather it
literally makes me sick just thinking
about it
now the first step we're going to talk
about is the Texas giant now the Texas
giant is a roller coaster that's pretty
intense and on 2013
an accident that ended in death a woman
named Rosa Kawana was ejected from the
ride and fell 75 feet to her death
Rosa was sitting in the third row back
and the lap bar did completely closed
and when the roller coaster went down
the first big hill she flew out she fell
from 75 feet which is higher than a
seven story building and she landed on a
metal support beam here's some news
footage from that day she goes like this
and then when it drops to come down
that's when it released and she just
stumbled Carmen Brown was next in line
to ride the Texas giant when she watched
a woman tumble to her death it was 6:45
Friday night Brown says the woman got on
the roller coaster with her son and then
on one of the sharp twists and steep
drops along the Giants 152 foot tall
path the woman fell now the story really
upsets me because I once was on a roller
coaster where I didn't fit luckily they
made me get off of it and I was really
mad at the time because I was like fuck
you guy he could have just forced it
down or I could have just held on really
tight it's so embarrassing to get kicked
off a roller coaster but thank God they
did I just can't imagine being on that
car with her and seeing that that would
be really fucked up speaking of fucked
up our next accident is not death but it
is gross and that is the Superman ride
that malfunctioned and took a little
girl's legs with it the ride is Superman
Tower of power and it is a free-falling
ride so basically you go in this car you
go all the way up and then it lets you
go and you fall all the way down it
drops you from 154 feet up in the sky at
a rate of 54 miles per hour well one day
in Kentucky to Ride malfunction as the
ride was falling one of the cables
snapped whipped around the ride and
struck a girl's legs here's a quote from
somebody that was there I saw the car go
up then the cable broke I heard a loud
Shh and then I heard a lot of people
screaming when I looked the girl was
just sitting there and she didn't have
any legs she was just there calm bromley
and shock I can't even imagine
you're literally sitting there you turn
and the person on the right next to you
it's missing their fucking legs now
there's no footage of this specific
event happening but there is a lot of
footage of rides like this
malfunctioning and it is fucking
terrifying
take a look an amusement park ride has
broken down and terrified passengers are
stranded 80 feet up
after two long hours firemen finally
reached the writers
they tell them they'll be down soon
unfortunately it's sooner than they
think
that's not enough to make you never ever
want to ride a ride like this again I
don't know it is but this girl is not
the only one that lost her legs at Six
Flags this next story is even worse in
1978 there was an incident on the ride
called the Eagles flight so the Eagles
flight was a gondola that took you
through the park up in the air kind of
like a ski lift but it was enclosed one
day a pair of newlyweds were inside of
the car and they were rocking it back
and forth you know just having a good
time
unfortunately while they were rocking
back and forth the car snapped off the
wire fell to the ground the husband was
killed instantly and the wife lost her
legs some people even think that
specific theme park is haunted by him I
don't know all I know is I will never go
to Six Flags on my honeymoon just out of
superstition now the next step is
probably the most gruesome and also the
most sad and that was when somebody got
decapitated on Batman the ride so Batman
the ride is actually my favorite variety
Six Flags I know I'm talking about all
these deaths and it's scary this and
that I really love Six Flags and I used
to go a lot probably not as much anymore
after reading all of this but I'll still
probably go back and Batman is my
favorite it is fast but it's not too
fast you're sitting but your legs are
flying through the air it's just a
really good ride well in June of 2008 a
teenager lost his hat inside of the ride
so he climbed over the fence to get it
but he was trying to look for it the
ride came and struck him in the head
and took it clean off the police report
said that the ride was going full speed
when it struck him and that was 15 miles
an hour luckily nobody was actually
riding the ride when this happened they
were just testing it out but it was
still insanely fucked up and that the
kid was with his friend and his friend
survived and he saw the whole thing so
that story just even more so is a
warning for you guys if you are at a
theme park please do not do anything
stupid please do not climb any dates
please do not do anything without asking
somebody because unfortunately a little
mistake like that could end well there
you guys go that was me talking about
some of the craziest events and
students that have happened at Six Flags
and once again no disrespect to the
family members who lost somebody I just
enjoy talking about this dark stuff and
I don't want to fund you and if you guys
enjoy me talking about this kind of dark
fucked up stuff let me know down in the
comments and give me a thumbs up so I
know also make sure to subscribe down
there because I make new videos every
single day and if you want to see more
videos of me talking about death or
conspiracy theories or scary shit like
that I'll put a link to a playlist right
below that you guys I'm going to go and
if you go to a theme park this weekend I
have had more cheesecake in my mouth
that I have had lies and I had a lot of
lies do I look fabulous
no you do are you over me no I am
sometimes I think about killing you how
come you don't call me back is it
because you're so busy oh ho I'm
watching younger
