guys we just recorded a podcast where
just got Botox live on the air in detail
and there was a lot of blood and it was
very scary and I screamed at her also we
had phone sex with somebody that she met
and he didn't know he was on the radio
and it got real gross and he sent his
pictures of his dick couple so if you
want to see that go to the podcast I'll
put all the links down here
I'm glad comm slash ain't friends and
don't let Shane ever steal your phone
I'll get a lot of whole pics and if you
guys okay I'm in a bad fucking mood for
so many reasons number one it is a
hundred and thirteen degrees where I
live right now it is so hot that when I
walk outside I started melting and I
already look like I'm melting so that
was like a double melt and that is only
good when it comes in cheese number two
I just got my haircut I know it does not
look bad I don't hate it or anything I
just don't like when people constantly
have to tell you that they noticed you
got your fucking haircut like bitch do I
tell you when I noticed you gained five
pounds over the weekend because you had
ate sloppy joes at your summer barbecue
no oh so I'm talking to myself right now
Shane you gained 5 pounds a week because
you had 8 sloppy joes at your barbecue
and by barbecue I mean you in your room
and you cracked open a can of sloppy joe
mix and you ate it out the camp eight
times and number three I'm going to be
trying the food today that I have
avoided my whole life she was over there
with Arby's like on the other side of
the school but I was underneath the
crazy tree she was over by the
cheerleaders like my squad was me and
Taco Bell and sometimes Carl's juniors
because I love their chocolate chip
cookie if you haven't had it it is only
75 cents which boon they wrap into the
saran wrap to make you think that they
baked it there they did not and then on
the bottom of the cookie has a date on
it usually says Monday and it's Thursday
but it doesn't matter it tastes amazing
anyways del taco is fucking terrifying
to me because why would I want to eat
like the sad little sister of talk about
like I'm here for Beyonce I'm here for
Solange although I wanted to say that
because I feel like Solange it's better
than del Taco
del Hoffman was like that little
annoying ass bitch on Johnny Kate Plus 8
I don't remember her name I don't know
any other names but she's the one that
the mom slapped like a lot but I don't
know flavor saw that on TV but like I
saw it on her face in the form of
bruises what am I talking about
oh yeah Delta yeah let's start eating
first let me take a sip from my water ah
I love brown carbonated water that's
actually Diet Coke
I'm unhealthy okay I got two bags of it
this is the first bag and it says
unfresh Inge a believable what is
happening I'm gonna say not fresh I
don't believe you and you're covered in
two spots and like fresh people don't
have spots all right I'm gonna give this
a try though I'm gonna be honest if I
like it I will tell you whoa okay number
one is this bad boy now this is um I'm
guessing some kind of burrito I don't
know what kind it's very heavy it's also
very cold but I'm not judging you kind
of let's open it up
I'm hoping it's some kind of like bean
and cheese with some sour cream tomorrow
I am just like a standard burrito why is
there a fry enough I had hope for you
you fucked it up okay so this is
obviously not a normal burrito del Taco
this is some kind of fucking wack out
science project that they have cooked up
in their laboratory they definitely do
not have a kitchen it is a laboratory
and there are rats
haha I'm kidding I don't know I've never
been there but I'm assuming all right
here we go here she is and all her glory
died oh god I'm nervous
that smells very familiar not like food
that smells like a freshly shaven armpit
of a girl mmm
other sexually ambiguous person but
honestly at this point I'll smell any
armpit
you know me I'm sorry this is probably
gross to look out but it's also gross to
eat so let me have this absolutely I'm
computing I did eight drag queen head
box and I'm still confused I don't know
if I like it or not okay let me show you
what's inside of this cuz I can't
explain it with my mouth so it's like
guacamole and shit good steak okay fries
hmm lettuce suspect and what I'm
assuming is pasta I don't know it's
green it smells like pudding and it's
dripping but for some reason I don't
hate this I just feel like this is
something for people who can't decide
like oh I don't know if I want American
food or Mexican food or bad just throw
it all together like I'm a bitch I can
just decide like if somebody's like oh
where should we eat tonight I'm not the
one who's like I don't know ever you
want to go boo I'm like sizzler get in
the car now
oh I was thinking more like I can fall
fiddler but do they have any vegan no I
mean let me look it up on Yelp bye
all right next item okay so this next
one is just like a plain hard taco like
I want to know what she's serving that's
her original you know I mean like I want
to know like what her classic is like my
classic is gym shorts and a two XL
t-shirt usually with some kind of like a
turkey on it or maybe like a funny dog
wearing glasses and what you would call
a style icon so let's see what she is
serving for her classic that listen who
stepped on my taco oh my god if I was a
prostitute that would be like my
catchphrase hey boy stepped on my taco
yeah no but seriously who wants to ask
fuck me for money all right let's try
this in the words of my inner prostitute
I don't want to do this anymore I just
wanna live a normal life I don't want to
put the rest is in my mouth okay here's
the thing it's not bad it's just not
talk about food that's gonna be their
catchphrase del Taco it's not bad it's
just not Taco Bell see like if you say
with a smile sounds good like Shane
Dawson you're not bad oh that's my good
friend I don't know it tastes like a
taco but like it's kind of grainy and
like drive it just not giving me the
wetness that I want which is what my
clients say I don't next what the fuck
now here's a twist
that's a burger box now I'm very
confused right now I don't know who
would go to a Mexican restaurant for a
burger
it'll be like going to Claire's for
something nice I just don't get it but
it's okay I'm going to try it because
who knows maybe this will be it won't
I'm not gonna lie anymore oh my god oh
my god wait this is fucking weird
literally inside it says who orders a
burger from Del Taco you ha ha ha
daddy's dragged me all right
let's do it I love that I love sexy box
you know what Del Taco you're slowly
winning me over
it's gonna take a lot more sass though
you're gonna have to actually snatch my
weave and drag me on the ground until I
die
let's eat the fuck hold on
this is weird I'm confused first of all
look at that that looks like a burger
you mean that doesn't look like a burger
from Del Taco
hey good actually cooking that was gross
oh it's actually no it's actually good
like I'm not gonna say it tastes like in
and out it's like I don't want all the
ate and outers to like go crazy I don't
know if they're called in and outers
people who wait too long in a drive-thru
need to good job whatever they're called
I don't wanna piss them off but this
kind of tastes like an in-n-out burger
and it's kind of bomb like I'm not a
burger person but I'm like a you know
I'll eat something edible person so I
would eat this good job del Taco you
have one meat back but only for a
limited time only another thing I say is
the prostitute except it's not a limited
time it's literally any time just not
what a much a big brother cuz like I'm
busy what is this okay this little baby
is kind of small and it's wrapped in
foil I don't know what it is I don't
remember what I ordered look there's a
lime in it I don't know why throwing
away I don't fruit with my junk food all
right here we go little fishy fish can
you see it
is it giving you the creeps give me the
creeps all right here we go that's fishy
I just keep making new catchphrases for
myself
okay first of all it is not the toughest
call hmmm maybe I hate corn tortillas I
thought this would be flour it's white
which usually corn tortillas are yellow
it's very confusing I don't like the
flavor of them I like the soft pillow
enos out of a tortilla and this is like
dry and weird and creepy the fish on the
inside will dissect this fish let's try
that on its own because maybe that's
good
no okay listen I'm just not a fish
person
oh my god you know what I'm never gonna
shower I want to look cool I hope you'll
be like what is that
fishy fishy smell yeah just my fingers
oh so you've been a Edie fish tacos yeah
oh I feel bad I don't want to look like
I'm just hating on Del Taco to be mean I
am really giving
tried the burger was good what am i talk
about there are no Del Taco fear they're
not gonna come for me if you're
invisible you can't come for me well
ghosts can and they do a lot I had to go
scratch my anus last night I'm not
kidding although story time on it later
but it was terrifying and while I was
scratching my anus was whispering my ear
hello all so that might have been a
dream or could've been a psychic twin I
don't know
next item so this is last and this is a
desert item so these are deep fried
pieces of cheese cake with caramel now I
don't know how you could fuck that up so
I have high hopes for this let's crack
it open just to see what's inside
I mean it's cheesecake doesn't look
super good if you know looks like cheese
cake but I fuck with cheese cake I swear
to God I have had more cheesecake in my
mouth that I have had lies and I had a
lot of lies do I look fabulous no you do
are you over me no I am sometimes I
think about killing you how come you
don't call me back is it because you're
so busy uh-huh I'm watching younger
let see Oh bah what hot that's losing at
the back oh my god this little fucker is
killing it I'm not lying
well there's a little caramel drizzle on
the inside oh you see it oh my god
come on now once again I don't know who
would go to Del Taco for dessert but I
guess if you want to get that nasty ass
taste of their fish taco out your throat
you get one of these and I am all about
that
hey guys go that was me trying del Taco
for the first time it was very scary we
survived I'm sweating up a storm it's
very fucking hot but we did it picture
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe down there because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos that me eat weird
foods check out the playlist I'll put
the link right the description all right
you guys hope you have fun and I will
see you tomorrow
Wow there's nothing more sad than man
who's insecure about money especially in
a big summertime
