have you guys yes I'm so fucking ready
today because as you know I've been
making giant cake videos on my channel
for a while now I can't even say that
this straight face
it's so fucking stupid but I have so
much fun doing it anyways you guys
haven't wanted me to do a giant Oreo
cake for a while now I didn't really
know how to do it because like what is
that even fucking mean this is just much
more Oreo stacked on top of each other
because that sounds great but then I
figured that shit out I've got to blow
your mind how about to take your brain
I'm about to unscrew it like an Oreo
open it up lick out the cream and then
put it back together and throw it out
cuz honestly who likes that part you
know I mean it's all about the green
okay so here's what I got
I needed a base I'm going to talk about
this by the way like I am fucking Cake
Boss I'm I take it very seriously we
needed a base because you can't make a
cake just on Oreos
so what I decided to do was find some
kind of small cake that we could build
up and make layers out of now originally
I was going to get zebra cakes
unfortunately target didn't have zebra
cakes but what I found was even better I
got to stop doing the professional talk
because I got to get real right now I'm
about to get real loud because Little
Debbie fucking came through for me like
I was pissed because she didn't have her
zebra cakes and I was like bitch I
thought you know whore and she was like
actually I'm known for oatmeal cream
puffs but like I understand you're angry
um let me see what I have back and then
that Little Debbie ran into the back and
she was like Shane I got something for
you she ran back out I was like what you
got bitch cuz if you don't have what I
want I'm going over to Miss hostess cuz
I know miss hostess got what I want this
whole system never lets me down I asked
for a Twinkie she gave me a Twinkie and
chop it down you know to chuck it out of
his bitch that's a Twinkie covering
chocolate so what do you got Debbie and
then Debbie hold this out of her ass her
actual ass what boo a chocolate chip
cookie cake no I was like okay you know
like it's just a little white cake like
I guess I could use that I guess I was
like the cream of manorial and then
Debbie was like no bitch break her open
so I did and look what I found
Oh bitch there's an Oreo inside I'm
sorry I told you I was gonna get loud
I'm just very excited okay so it's not
an actual Oriole but it's chocolate cake
with a cream filling and I was like
freaking the fuck out because
first of all little Debbie's not a
person that whole story was me and it
wasn't Debbie it was a sad person at
Target who was not paid enough to deal
with my shit I was like no you have
zebra cakes I've seen them here before
and she was like no you bought all of
those before and they are still not
being shipped here yet so we're out oh
yeah that was me anyways what you got
and then she brought me these now listen
this is not a sponsored video but I am
going on record saying I want to be the
spokesperson for these these are so
fucking good so basically it's like oh
my god it's like a Twinkie mixed with a
ding dong mixed with chocolate down mix
with a ho ho and I know that's a lot of
treats but like if you've been watching
my videos for a while now you know all
those treats and you know all their
flavors because I've explained them
quite well but that's what we're using
for our base and look what I did I
opened up all the little cakes out of
their little plastics and I put them in
this little bag and look at them oh my
god oh I could make a mattress out of
this I would sleep on these have a lot
of wet dreams they'll tell you that and
then I'll just have like every kind of
Oracle flavor I could find then I also
got Oriole pop-tarts because I thought
maybe I could put them like around the
cake almost like a little gate almost
like it's a fucking Oriole Castle and
you need the fucking secret word to get
it and that secret word is diabetes
green yes okay let's get started
okay so I'm just going to lay these down
on the plate let's say like six at a
time or wait should I do now oh I should
make it real big oh that's now I think
I'm gonna start with white isaac no no
fuck I'm such an idiot
I'm gonna start with chocolate icing
because I feel like you have to do like
chocolate layer banila layer chocolate
layer because that's a fucking Oreo when
I cut into this shit I want you to be
like damn that guy has a lot of time on
a second now I'm not gonna lie this has
already been opened and a lot he's been
eating I don't know who did that that's
crazy
they must've been my housekeeper right
I'm a doc that from her pay can you
imagine if I actually did that you were
like mr. Shane I know you're trying to
blame your middle of the night eating
issues
me but I didn't touch the frosting um
yes you fucking did it definitely wasn't
me really well then what's on your
fingers
what are you oh shit no it's not I clean
your toilets I know your shit is green
fuck you Martha let's get frosted
alright where's my bagel clump right
there oh my god look can you see this oh
fuck now you just want to spread that
evenly I love how I explained this like
a DIY like anybody's gonna do this no
one's going to do this and if they do
honestly Matt's me on tinder you can
find my profile real easy I'm the one
guy with no shirtless pics alright so
that's the first layer of frosting so
now I'm thinking we should put a fucking
layer of Oreos down and I'm gonna start
with red velvet yeah so my housekeeper
also got into these yeah I'm out to find
that bitch so let's just layer these
like this kind of like a game of
tic-tac-toe except the only person
winning is your doctor cuz he's gonna
charge you so much money for that triple
bypass you're gonna have to get oh my
god oh this is so fucking good by the
way I feel like red velvet Oreos don't
get enough credit
they're like the Cinderella story of
food like Cinderella story is a good
fucking movie but don't get me started
on the second one with Selena Gomez a
housekeeper and she was also a dancer it
was very confusing also why do they make
her a housekeeper racist did you notice
that my housekeeper voices didn't have
an accent originally it did but then I
realized that was racist so I changed it
next layer alright so now let's put some
white frosting on top of those Oreo
oh no I swear to God Martha you need to
stop getting in my treats side note what
if I was actually so crazy that I didn't
want to admit to myself that I eat this
so I like dressed up as a woman
keeper in the middle tonight native and
I give you like it wasn't me it was
Martha yeah I'm not crazy
alright oh I got so excited that I
flicked a huge wad of icing on my leg
all right so let's just spread that out
those Oreos oh my god oh you see that we
should do a layer pop-tarts that's what
I learned from Cupcake Wars
like always do too much because if you
make an Oreo cake and they don't
completely taste the Oreo they're gonna
digit points it doesn't matter if your
cake is pretty it doesn't matter if it's
original if it doesn't it's likely a
secret ingredient they're going to kick
you out I need to stop watching so much
Cupcake Wars all right oh my God look at
that fuckin way oh fuck ha ha sorry for
taking buddy next letter I see some more
chocolate and then we're going to add on
our next layer of cake okay I'm not
gonna lie this is probably the prettiest
cake we've made right also I say we
because you're a part of this like I'm
doing this with you you're not I mean
like this is like when you witness a
murder you're a part of it you're going
to trial bitch and you can get a life in
prison like just by you watching this
you're gonna have a life of our problems
oh my God look at it that looks like a
fucking Oreo oh okay
vanilla icing don't worry I have a
bigger one oh my god oh okay so I sing
this down now what flavor order should
we do I think we should do s'mores so
let's just put nine right there I mean
look at that
this is coming out really good I'm
excited usually my cakes look pretty
messy but I feel like this one's
actually gonna like the cake and buy a
cake I mean a cake for a fucking crazy
person this is like a cake for somebody
that was gone cake bought to be like hi
I want to get a cake for my mom for her
birthday
um she's fucking insane and he's
literally so fat she turned our house
into a sinkhole so she loves Oreos so
like basically just do like an Oreo
overload and then this is what they give
her this is for you mama
Oh Oh does mama like that
Oh coz daddy does I don't even know what
I'm talking
I'm just so excited oh fuck oh yeah oh
my god okay this is definitely gonna be
the last layer because oh my god so I
think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put
one more layer of cake and in frost the
whole thing in chocolate right yeah
cuz in oil stuff sorry just working it
out 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
all right here she is so far isn't she
beautiful
all right time to ice her up okay I'm
afraid cuz usually this is the point of
the video where the cake starts to fall
down and I'm really hoping that doesn't
happen because I'm really excited about
it please work they're all watching us
hey no it's ice - sigh oh my god okay
it's slowly falling apart okay I got a
nervous uh who I really don't want to
fall all right we can do this we're do
this fast we might only be able to ice
one side because it is not strong enough
to hold that much I think okay so the
sides are iced oh my god she looks
beautiful I have chocolate literally
everywhere okay now it's time to top it
off so either way to put all the
beautiful Oreos all around the cake good
wait should I put pop-tart on the cake -
oh my god this is like a fucking
gingerbread house except I actually will
eat this
who eats gingerbread houses like who
does that they're so fucking gross gum
drops if any of you eat gum drops
literally drop yourself off a building
those are really intense oh my God look
at what I've just created look at the
side of this cake
that's fucking everything Carla stood on
this side - oh my god yes oh now this is
my dream house oh my god I would die in
this house oh yes yes yes alright time
for the last side
oh my god oh my god okay time to put the
Oreos on top now she'd be like stack
them or no like tile like tile on a
house let's fucking do this oh my god
I'm an actual fixer-upper by the way if
you don't know that
your mom does bring her in here tell her
to watch a video with you hey mom
hate people watching me and your mom are
just gonna talk about fixer-upper for a
minute so you can leave the room now I
don't really know like I feel like that
in love but also I feel like you're just
doing it for the cameras like they are
kind of couples goals but sometimes you
can tell that she's annoyed with him
like when they were fixing up those
houses sometimes I feel like they should
be focusing on fixing up their
relationship but I love what they do at
crown molding okay kids you can go back
because the cake is done ha oh my god
this is fucking everything oh my god
okay so my organ cake is done and I'm so
excited now it's time to cut off a piece
which I'm really nervous about because I
want to ruin it but all things must be
destroyed so we can eat it so let's go
all right here we go let's try to cut
off a piece on the side oh oh that's uh
pulling apart okay oh okay I think I got
a piece Oh
oh my god so this is what the layers
look like oh my god the icing the cake
the oriole icing the cake in an Oreo ah
are you ready to fucking try this
because I've been waiting my whole life
here we go let's do this
let me get every single layer oh my god
oh let's get a pop-tart I wish you guys
could draw this with me all right here
we go
B birthday somebody oh my god oh my god
I need to sell these like I need a store
like I need a store and I need these are
the window and any people to walk by and
be like mommy mommy that's what I want
and I need the mommy to be like no then
I need the kid to be like but mommy if
you don't get it I'll tell daddy about
your friend John he's not my friend he's
just my coworker
oh really mommy because that's not what
the security camera in your office said
that's right
to the system and I saw what you enjoyed
it and it wasn't to pay to work that's
get a cake oh my god it's just so good
and I'm so proud of it why are guys go
there's my giant Oreo cake well doesn't
look like a cake anymore but don't lie
you still eat it make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe right
down there and make new videos every
single day
also let me a comment letting me know
what kind of giant cake I should make
next and if you want to see more videos
if me making giant cakes or crazy dry
milkshakes I'll put a link to the
playlist right in the description below
thank you guys I will see you little
Oreos tomorrow
yeah
