Haman's if you guys okay I'm so fucking
excited today because I had a chef yes
chef make me some foodie now usually I
just like go to a restaurant or fast
food place get some food go to the store
but I was like I really want to do a
video where I try fair food cuz there's
a lot of fair food I've never tried so I
found a girl she cooked this shit up I
didn't little bomb fuck so without
further ado here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god I have
always wanted to try this always my
entire life you know like some people
their whole life be like want to travel
the world or like jump out of a plane or
like get married have kids yeah fuck all
that I've always wanted to try a
doughnut burger like you can save your
children I don't need them I don't need
to travel the world that's why I have
screen savers I believe this shit okay
so it is a burger that has buns made out
of donuts and they are glazed oh my god
oh my god it smells like Noda reminds me
of like on Halloween when you're a kid
you need like a whole pillowcase full of
candy and then your mom's like you
should eat some real food so then you
have a donald's and then right after eat
all that shit you get so excited about
the idea of going to sleep so you can
wake up anymore food so you start
jumping up and down you're like yeah
yeah yeah I get more candy tomorrow and
then you vomit up everything you just
ate on accident that's what this smells
like
and I like it let's do it oh my god oh
my god this is for a very big mouth
person me here we are
oh my god oh my god fuck you don't even
need condiments on the ship you need
some condoms oh good it's about the fuck
you whoa oh my god
like a sweetness on the wetness mixed
with like the burger I don't know who
invented this
I'm sure she's dead yeah but girl rest
in peace or you know I rest in Risa
species that's how I wanna rest and
there should be a holiday dedicated to
you and on the holiday nobody goes to
school or work they just stay home and
destroy their insights with this all
right let's move on to the next food I
don't know if I could take it but I'm
ready oh my god oh my god fuck fuck fuck
fuck I have always wanted to try this I
talked about this before this is a
Cinnabon
that has been waffle bitch ah oh my god
what was that that I knew what that was
oh my god just like Jurassic world that
was a pterodactyl Raptor the one with
the long ass nose don't the craziest
feet I just described myself and I'm
with a guy who took that little bone
he's like it's okay I can make the noise
- cool Oh like I don't even need that
home I can just do it they should hire
me a drastic world to scare away all the
Predators with my annoying ass voice
it's literally the same reason all my
good-looking friends want to take me out
to bars because they want me to scare
away people trying to come up to them
that's really different let's see oh my
god I mean what kind of puckery oh my
god it's literal it's like okay I like
waffles I like cinema but when you put
those two things together follow in the
same way that like I like watching car
crashes and I like watching beheading
videos and when you put those two things
together you can find all this in a
Shinto and that is the best of the
trilogy this is literally like 10 people
dying in very different ways combined
oh man you throwing like a celebrity
Twitter ramp you give me like a good
dream Lovato bulimia Twitter rant oh you
need Jakob satorious nude picture
scandal only give me a youtuber couple
breakup you put all those uncomfortable
things that people usually cringe out
together and that's my fantasy I hate
smiling cringing though is everything
like your happiness is my cringe haha
that's a good tagline oh my god this was
a Christmas movie it wouldn't be the
Grinch to be a crinch and I'd beat him
but instead of stealing your presents I
would be watching your uncomfortable
moments and then I would take that
knowing a cindy-lou who bitch by the
ponytail and throw that bitch off the
mountain I could not stand her well on
you Chris but not here bitch go home
next item oh my god
deep-fried Reese's Peanut Butter Cup I
don't even I can't even I have so many I
have so many words fatigue first word is
yes second word is why third word is
because fourth word is I'm sad I've
technically two words but it counts
let's do it oh my god oh my gosh I'm
step in fucking tit oh my god oh it's so
wet oh it's so greasy
oh my god it's literally like I just bit
into the pimple on a back of an
attractive person
now I've bit pimples off of not
attractive people because I'm all about
equality like attractive people's
pimples just have like a little
something extra and then you guys are
like oh Shane you're joking you would
never do that I bite impuls I fucking do
it if you want to date me
if you want to wifey me you better get
some back knee you better throw out your
clearest cell and you better get ready
to have some toes marks on that back
bitch and I'm not just going for back
I'm good for arm acne I'm going for face
acne I am going for ass acne I'm gonna
ask me they call me ask me Stinson bitch
and on a Monday I'm waiting to pop them
pimples with my TV I love it so much
that like if Sophia Grace rolled up in
here and she was like oh no dad do you
have a pimple on my neck first of all I
don't know if she's British second of
all I'm why she's calling me daddy but I
like it
I'd be like oh it's okay baby Sophia and
then I would take my hand grab that to
you or Ripper over here and pop that
neck pimple what if that's what my
meet-and-greets were like like hey guys
thanks for buying my book I thought that
people from
oh my god you brought me a gift I love
it but I throw the present I grab your
back nipple god I'm gross
next item holy fuck this is a deep fried
macaroni and cheese ball it is so wet
and I am so ready alright I feel like we
should open this one up though Oh
first of all it is definitely crap from
the box but I'm not mad at that like
some people like to think outside of the
box I like to be inside the box at
Target in the one spot section I like to
be real cheap real sad real easy
instructions just add water if I wasn't
about to my instruction would be don't
take this home get very loud it won't
leave it leaves long hair or the showers
and the skid marks at least on the
toilet it looks like an insidious team
and was scraping at the ball so if
you're looking for a roommate I'm here
alright here we go
I can cheese ball um okay here's the
thing like first of all the second of
all there's a problem I think that kind
of mac and cheese doesn't do well um
ever but especially when you like put in
a ball and heat it up all the cheese is
gone so it's just noodle it's just like
biting into like cellulite which by the
way I thought on accident while I've
been popping my grandma's pimples are
like oh my god first is the fun
sensation because it's almost like your
teeth are jumping into a foam pit but
I'm like when you hit a major artery and
you kill that bitch all the fun is gone
so yeah I'm not loving this but no
offense to the chef who made it um you
kilt it girl but this was Ricky Dillon
featuring Snoop Dogg problematic and I'm
ready to hear that rebel rock echo when
his track now next ayah by the way I
just want to once again say I know if I
said this earlier I know I'm a bastard
now I am sweaty it is hot near my air
conditioner stop working I have like
acne I'm a fucking mess but you know
what since it's like a fair day I'm just
like being the way I be the fair like
gross sweaty sunberg disgusting not
shower which is also how I am every time
I'm not filming of it and in all my
snapchats yeah next item a deep-fried
Snickers bar Bach see that now this one
a nervous about because I'm not a huge
snicker fan I like it don't get me wrong
like I'll eat one like if I made an
airport and all they got is like above
and a Starbucks and I need some food
like I'll have a Snickers bar because
like I don't do shrimp and I don't do
any food from Starbucks have you seen
that food shelf at Starbucks it
literally looks like the whole world
ended and like that food is sitting
there and then late I con travel came
back from like a hundred years in the
future and the food was still there and
I was like damn that fucking egg
sandwich held up well but I bet if I bit
into it it would be dust that's exactly
how the food there looks I should do the
video trying no cuz I don't want to
actually die not ready yet I'll do it
like a year let's get eating first let's
open this up yeah it's not really doing
it oh my god oh my god I get to bandage
with any grosser mmm that caramel
drizzle though oh god it looks like I
had a roach infestation and I was like
don't worry you don't need spray I'll
just use my hand crash
gotta let's do this ahh Oh Jonah Berger
save me now bitch okay I'm better oh my
god that's what I need like I don't know
River at all times that's so sad but you
gonna mean you're feeling down you're
really depressed like you find out your
parents getting divorced you're like oh
my god what am I gonna do like am I
gonna have two Christmases they might
have to move are we gonna lose
everything
just a second yeah y'all go I'll be
homeless I got this okay last item now
this one is something I've been dreaming
up since I was young because I always
have the idea but I never had the
equipment my whole life um and this is
pizza
fucking nachos it's nachos ooh that's
better no I definitely had piss nachos
that's basically where you get nachos
and you're so drunk that you just pee on
it need it don't act like you haven't
done that don't act like you haven't
shit in your spaghetti don't barf on my
Crunchwrap and tell me it's clam chowder
because I'm smarter than that
anyways pizza nachos it's basically
chips with all the ingredients of pizza
on top of it okay here we go so we got
some pepper roti we got some cheese oh
whoa I'm adding teased everything but I
loved it woo
this one's good let's get a little olive
on there oh my God look at that little
pizza
nacho I wonder if it's gonna be as good
as I've always thought it would be
probably not let's do it oh and there's
peaches sauce on that bitch oh fuck that
was sign language this is by far my
favorite thing the donut burger
everything the deep-fried Reese's
fucking Adam Levine proactive poster
realness but this motherfucker right
here
she's giving me crunch she's giving me
grease she's giving me meat she's giving
me cheese but she's also getting me
sauce and she's giving me a tin foil
plate that I can literally eat all this
and then crumble it up and throw it away
afterwards like she came to win and it
she want like that was the crunch and
I'm living up to my status mountain with
my little dog max I would live on this
and I would live on Singha whose and
misery I'd be like Oh little Mary Lou
who just lost her father Merry Christmas
Mitch
oh the mayor of Louisville just got
caught in underage sex scandal like I
will eat this for eternity and this is
perfect cuz I could just like fold this
up and put this in my backpack and eat
it later and people won't think I'm
weird they'll just think I got the
biggest Chipotle burrito ever and then
when I open it up they'll leave me what
do you guys go that was our fair foods
hopefully you enjoyed that it was a
little bit different I want to do more
of these where it's not just fast food
it's like weird food like I want to do
prison food I want to do airplane food
let me know down the comments what are
the kind of weird food I should try also
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe right down there I make
new videos every single day and I will
see you little big Friday races tomorrow
just kidding your doughnut burgers just
kidding your piss nachos and those are
my favorite
you look like that kid that stays at
school until 6 p.m. because your mom
never picks you up and other moms are
afraid to offer you a ride oh that one's
very real
