hey what's up you guys welcome back -
what the fuck dude my name is Esther the
only thing you didn't know about me is I
can't but fossa but this is what the
fuck news we talk about the super ass
weird news that you might've missed in
the last week a number a story that I
won't talk about today is the story of
the seven-year-old kid at Gamestop who
was caught on camera punching an armed
man who was trying to rob the store
obviously this kid has more balls than
most adults I know but there's no way in
hell I would ever do what he did this
thing is the most violent ball of hate
I've ever seen in my life
this can find the same kid that I keep
losing to and online video games who's
always in the mic like I play m-rated
games and have sex with your mom come
and get me fuck stains I'm gonna put a
lot on your chest I'm coming for you fan
stick well that's not very nice
allegedly the only two robbers who
robbed a Game Stop in Silver Spring
Maryland have not yet been identified
but police are still on the lookout
follow several hundred dollars was
stolen from the register at the Game
Stop no one was injured in the incident
including the boy with testicles of
Steel but my question is who the fuck
thought it was a good idea to rob a
Gamestop like other than the fact that
anyone I've ever seen work at a Game
Stop is the definition of physically
inadequate and in the face of any danger
would be like oh god please take
everything just don't hit me I have very
weak bones and although this kid
probably won't get a reward for doing
this if he didn't get a reward from
Gamestop it'd probably be like as a
reward for saving our games top you get
4% on any pre-orders from Gamestop com
also $10 in store credits and any games
you sell back to us we'll give you 25
cents for them which is 20 more sense
than normal people did congratulations
little boy I'll run home hey wait that's
a terrible deal the game stopping boys
are the real-life version of that guy
from Star Wars that's like one quarter
portion that's another bad news we have
this week's recipient of the awesome
award creep of the day
that goes to the man who is caught on
camera trying to kidnap a teen from the
grocery store but was thwarted by the
mom of the teen who's bought him back
I think my favorite part about this
video is none of it because it's
horrible what the fuck like holy shit
can we give this mom an award no not
that one
mom of the week there we go now this is
a mom who's responsible and properly
looks after a gift unlike other moms at
zoos who leave their kids so unattended
that they can wander into a gorilla
enclosure we're not talking about that
story today I told myself no not gonna
do evidently no the incident happened in
a dollar store in Hernando Florida once
again of course it was in Florida with a
suspect 30 year-old Greg Bonello who
looks like a generic bad guy from Game
of Thrones was subdued and arrested
shortly after police arrived on the
scene my question is how often does this
happen
seriously the kidnappers really walk
into stores grab a kid and drag them out
like somewhere in the world it hadn't
been the same situation where the mom
didn't come and save the daughter but
still you think that kidnappers would
still have too many obstacles to just
bust up in a place and do that like if
you were working and you saw a kid
getting dragged out of a store by this
guy would you just be like hey sir what
are you doing this is my daughter oh she
just said you're not not she is we're
just playing oh okay you have a good day
sir no but wonder if more kidnappers are
gonna resort to just grabbing kids
because no one is stupid enough to think
that there's actually candy in their van
but honestly it'd be way too easy to
kidnap me because all it would take is a
ban that said this I'm ashamed to admit
it but it's also true anyways props to
the mom for literally fighting for her
daughter's life and that is why this
motherfucker gets the award creep of the
day that's what the fuck news a
restaurants recently opened in London
that is the first restaurant where they
encourage you to eat while completely
nude wow this is great cuz now I can
have my dick out follow cannot go to
jail
yay but the restaurant called me booyah
t claims to be the first of its kind and
already has a waiting list of over
44,000 people why the restaurant owner
said while says we believe people should
get a chance to enjoy an experience a
night out without any impurities no
chemicals no artificial colors no
electricity no gas no phone and even no
clothes if they want the idea is to
experience true liberation
see now this restaurant is for those
people who like to go to nude beaches
and slap their meat stick around not for
people like me who maybe have seen
themselves naked once in the last year
the reaction was who likes what actually
can't wait to see how many people bring
dates here for the first date
I mean hey it's a good legal way to know
what you're working with without having
to go through all the trouble of getting
to know their personalities and oh yeah
right as great as an ideas the people
who made this probably thought this was
this more than likely just gonna be
another one of those places where 40
year old dudes go to try to see naked
ladies but don't because all there is is
40 year old fucking dudes there so
what's the rules with popping a boner
there like did they think about that or
no like what would happen if I just
walked in there completely erect like ah
yep I am ready for dinner oh my god it's
so small we have pants on it's really
easy to hide boners trust me take it
from the guy who had co-ed gym in middle
school and had to hide that motherfucker
every day but with no pants what are you
supposed to do so I really hope they
sanitize the seats after every table
because if I knew that some old man
swampy dusty nutsack let's just slap it
on the seat yeah if you can't lose my
appetite according to a review on
Facebook though the restaurant people
are saying that the food is quite dope
and then the restaurant might catch on
and spread like the crabs that you
probably get if they didn't sanitize the
seats haha gross that is it this episode
of what the fuck news so much in the day
for you guys is what would you do if
your being wrong would you eat at a new
restaurant let me know in the comments
down below all of the day's stories as
always in the description down below as
well as all of my links Ãºltima for you
guys go I want me to make some what the
fuck news merch really soon so if you
want to see what those might look like
or have any suggestions for what you
think they should look like make sure to
follow me on my Twitter link will be
here or you can check it out in the
description down below that's it guys
I'll see you next time for another what
the fuck news thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
one time a man looked at me and it broke
my sternum
