one ID because it's Benji I think she
just shit pants her it had to be guys
you might notice that I look a little
burnt today you can see it on my
shoulders you can see it on my face and
it's not because I went out in the Sun
and took my shirt off no no that doesn't
happen it's because a couple weeks ago
you guys fucking roasted the shit out of
me these burns from your sick roasts
will probably never fade but I still
have pale places on my body that could
use a good burn which is why today I'm
going to be doing roast me part 2 yes in
the last video I asked you guys to roast
this picture fuck so I have not looked
at any of these comments since I posted
that video and I am honestly very very
scared like my confidence is already
like here like this is land this is sea
level this is that area of sea that they
haven't even explored yet and there
could be like fucking monsters and
creatures and aliens living down there
none of us would know because none of us
can get that far down that's where my
self-esteem is so I'm ready to take it
to the core of the earth so bring on the
rest your hair got straighter as you got
gayer very true very gay you look like
you would slit your wrists with Taco
Bell show oh my god so true is that mild
sauce no it's my blood you look like
that mom who lives their childhood
dreams through their daughter what oh
you mean like a dance mom yeah yeah I
look like a dance mom you look like a
fat soccer mom just giving up on life oh
but they put but I still love you you
make my day
ah thanks son I mean make sure to bring
you extra crispy treats after the game
you look like a fat teenage Jesus who's
going through his rebellious stage and
is thinking of the key points in the
suicide lighter he's about to write
because his band just broke up slay
bitch what's a screencap that's what I'm
gonna send to my mom his neck looks like
a thigh oh fuck does you look like a
strawberry why what does that even mean
I kind of see it Shane is the only one
that secretly knows he was tickling his
friends cock during that photo why are
you actually calling me a molester I'm
not even going to make fun of you
because apparently you have enough on
your plate when the Reese's peanut
butter cups are gone at Walmart
you look like Jonah Hill except fatter
gayer and have no talent that was too
real you look like that kid that stays
at school until 6 p.m. because your mom
never picks you up and other moms are
afraid to offer you a ride oh that one's
very real I was that kid I literally
would sit at school until like 7 p.m.
I'd be like oh no I'm in a club but our
school doesn't have any clothes
fuck you Jamie I'm gonna fuck you Jamie
club and it's just me and I'm the
president fuck you
next burn I guess the side bangs
represent how many times you didn't get
bangs alright let's do one more before I
actually slit my neck open with this
phone you look like your only female
friend that you have a crush on walked
in the room of the tight shirt and you
can kind of see her nipples so you
subconsciously convince yourself that
she's flirting with this is very sad but
you're doing fraid to do anything direct
so you get really weird and kind of not
really flirt with her only putting you
in a state of misery once you realize
how goddamn awful you are at
communicating with the female species
somebody read my book one of the guys go
that was you guys roasting the shit out
of me and I felt it and I'm gonna go
take a fucking ice bath forever but
because I'm stupid and I love pain let's
fucking do it again okay this next
picture is the worst picture of me ever
I hate it so fucking much and it pops up
everywhere for some reason on Google
when you type my name in here it is
shiny ass forehead in a red leather
jacket shade oh I I I can't even fucking
handle it so there you go please leave
your comments down below roasting that
picture I can't even I don't even
I'm gonna go die are you guys hopefully
you enjoyed roasting me today I enjoyed
getting it not really make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
down below because I make new videos
every single day and I will see fucking
assholes tomorrow bye and we recorded
this episode with Tana mojo who is such
a funny person in such a great youtuber
and it was the funniest most fun episode
we've ever done and I was like I gotta
fucking put this on my youtube channel
please get a better
my YouTube channel and they said yes so
without further ado here is the full
episode of my podcast shade and friends
I'm so excited for you to see it
