hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about more
conspiracy theories now the first
conspiracy theory we're going to talk
about involves Selena Gomez which is
kind of a surprise because I haven't
really heard any conspiracies about her
before but recently I heard this one and
it's pretty believable so the theory is
that Selena Gomez is actually a lesbian
also before I get into this theory I
just want to say this is not me outing
Selena Gomez I don't know if she's
lesbian or not it's just a conspiracy
theory and we're having fun okay here's
how it goes basically a conspiracy
theorists think and Selena Gomez's
relationship with Justin Bieber was fake
and it was created you know to get
publicity for both of their projects and
that before that relationship happened
Selena Gomez was actually romantically
involved with Demi Lovato now as you
guys know in Demi Lovato has been pretty
open about the fact that she's bisexual
and she's experimented with girls and
stuff and if you look back they were
really really close I mean I remember
when they were making videos together
and posting pictures all the time
together and now they don't talk at all
and there seems to be like a lot of
anger between them but they've never
really explained it any time they get
asked about it on like a red carpet they
kind of say like I don't want to talk
about it well maybe they're so angry
because they're fucking bitter exes and
maybe Demi Lovato fucking hates Selena
Gomez so much because she's like bitch
you pretended like I didn't exist and to
me Lovato has been the one that's been
very open about like how much she
doesn't like Selena Gomez anymore which
kind of to me sounds like a bitter ex
now I know a lot of people probably
think this sounds crazy but honestly
fake relationships in Hollywood have
been around forever
just a personal story I remember when I
signed my first agent back in like 2009
and I was having a meeting with them and
I was just like talking about what I
wanted to do with my career you know
talking about I wanted to direct movies
and one of the agents literally said to
me and I'm not kidding great
so first let's put you in a relationship
with somebody on TV we have a list here
of available girls that are willing to
do this for publicity and
was like wait what like you want me to
date them and they're like no you know
like date them basically go to red
carpets with them be seen at coffee
shops get your picture taken and then
hopefully you'll be in a magazine or
something and it'll get you guys a
little more publicity I was so confused
I was like wait people do that and they
were like Shane every relationship in
Hollywood for the most part he's fucking
bullshit
I mean Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens
well they were both together while High
School Musical happened and then they
both broke up literally the day after
High School Musical 3 came out so it
kind of would make sense that selena and
Justin were never really together I mean
all his music is about her which gets it
more publicity all her music is about
him which gets her more publicity and
then you got to meet Lovato over there
in the corner go and fuck you both so I
sounds kind of believable to me but no
speaking of fake relationships this next
conspiracy has been around forever and I
have been fascinated by this since I was
like 12 so the theory is that all of Tom
Cruise's relationships are fake and all
the girls are in a contract so here's
how the theory started first of all I'm
going to say this is just a theory I do
not want to get murdered by the Church
of Scientology I don't know what's
actually going on in there this is just
a theory so what a lot of people think
is a Tom Cruise is gay and he does not
want to come out and the church does not
want that to come out so they're trying
to help him get rid of it while also
helping him find wives it's really
fucked up let me continue so the way it
works supposedly is that they will bring
him different actresses to interview and
he will pick one and then the contract
lasts five years and the actors will get
pressed
she'll get money she'll get cast in
movies she'll get Fame and then after
the five years is over she's free to
leave and a bonus check will be given to
her if she has a child with him now that
number came out years ago right after he
divorced Nicole Kidman well guess what
happened Tom Cruise ended up marrying
Katie Holmes who had a kid and who got
divorced from him five years literally
five years to the day like she was
waiting on that fucking clock like she
had the contract in her hand she's like
bitch I'm out now a list of other
just got leaked that were supposedly
auditioning for the part of Tom Cruise's
worth on the list were Scarlett
Johansson Jessica Alba Lindsay Lohan and
Kate Bosworth but ultimately Katie
Holmes won the part now it's also scary
is the way that it changed Katie Holmes
as a person just before Tom Cruise she
was cool she was down-to-earth she was
fun after she met him she became a
fucking a Scientology robot and then
after she left him she was back to her
fun self again it's almost like he had
her in some type of trance just check
out this clip of Katie Holmes on the
Conan O'Brien show in 2000 this is
before she knew Tom Cruise I found
shallow but I like to be with somebody
who's taller than me I like to
interesting now yeah and I'm 55 years
old I'm like interesting uh no no but do
you like see she was just a cool girl
down-to-earth fun well check out this
foot from 2008 after she not tell crews
she's amazing she's a great artist she
just came out with her book and she's
doing all this designing and Queen
Latifah won a Golden Globe last night no
good for everybody yeah that's good
that's a fucking different person that's
somebody who literally has been
brainwashed she was like lifeless and
creepy and wasn't really talking well
now look what happened after she left
Tom Cruise this is a clip from her on
The Tonight Show 2016 we're just excited
then we joined in as though we were a
part of it oh really
that does he dinner I'm I can't I can't
do the oh yeah oh that's good yay see
she's back to being the normal Katie
Holmes again she's not in the fucking
weird contract with Tom Cruise she's not
brainwashed thank God now I've talked to
a lot of people in Hollywood agents and
managers and actors and I love to bring
up this town cruise thing and all of
them have stories and all of them
believe it so I don't know I thought we
believed it too here's another piece of
evidence a woman named Annette Johansson
came out recently saying that she
interviewed to be the part of Tom
Cruise's wife she said film crew came to
her house interviewed her asked her
questions about what she would be like
as a wife and what she'd be like as a
mother they asked her if she was into
any weird sexual things they asked her a
lot of personal questions and she was
really confused by it because she
thought she was just auditioning for a
movie role well it turns out later she
heard from other actresses that they all
had the same interview and supposedly
Katie Holmes had the exact same
interview as well she got it I don't
know it's so creepy to me that whole Tom
Cruise thing is creepy and I fucking
love Tom Cruise I love his movies but
whoo all right speaking of creepy
celebrity conspiracies this next one is
kind of dumb but it honestly scares me a
little bit because it involves Beyonce
and she in general scares me a little
bit and that is the theory that Beyonce
is actually dead now a lot of people
think Beyonce actually died in the year
2000 and they think that she's been
replaced by somebody who looks like
Beyonce and acts like Beyonce but is it
feels that's one theory this other
theory is a little scarier but honestly
I kind of believe it but just a little
bit that is the theory that the current
Beyonce that we know now is really just
a clone now the theory goes that back in
2000 Beyonce had some of her DNA put
away because you know she knew something
bad could happen the record label knew
something bad could happen and they did
not want to lose Beyonce and she didn't
want to die she wanted to live on
forever so she put her DNA away well
when she did die in a car crash in 2000
the record label said well let's take
that DNA let's
a bunch of money into it let's recreate
her and that's when the clone of Beyonce
came to be so a lot of fairs have been
putting pictures side by side of what
Beyonce used to look like versus what
she looks like now they're saying you
know her hair has changed nose has
changed your eyes a change her mouth has
changed and then this clip came out that
people were really creeped out by now
this is a clip of her to basketball game
and people think she looks like a like a
clone robot that's kind of like
autopilot and I'm gonna be honest this
clip is literally like five minutes long
I'm going to show you like 15 seconds of
it but it goes on for five minutes and
she's just doing this the whole time
check
a riot like that literally like unless
she was fucking drunk out of her mind I
I don't know I can't explain it another
thing that people have noticed is that
Beyonce never smiles anymore she used to
smile all the time before she died and
now she's just always like I mean look
at all these pictures no smile no smile
no smile no smile but look at pictures
of her before mm smiling smiling smiling
no seems like there's some kind of life
missing either way Beyonce if you're
watching this I love you please don't
kill me I know you're probably an
Illuminati and I'll be tell anybody
oh my god
okay so this last conspiracy theory is
not about celebrities and it's not like
fun or funny it's actually pretty
serious now I wasn't really gonna bring
this up but I kind of had to because you
guys like when I talk about the darker
ones and this one's dark so this is the
theory that the newscaster who got shot
in Virginia a couple years ago didn't
happen now as most of you guys know a
newscaster got shot live on the air by
one of her co-workers who was mad at her
for some reason and we really figured it
out and they were rolling while it
happened so a little while after that
entire situation happened a lot of
conspiracy theories came out and said
that it was fake now I'm not saying it's
fake this is just a theory total respect
to all the families involved it's
fucking awful but here is what people
think is evidence that it didn't really
happen so there's two angles of the
shooting first angle is from the
shooters perspective he was filming it
on a camera the second angle is from the
news cameras perspective now used by the
name of Lita Ohio but these two clips
together and showed that there are some
differences in one clip you can see the
newscasters shaking her head right
before she gets shot and the other
perspective she's not shaking your head
but basically what they think that means
is that this shooting was filmed two
different times in two takes one from
this camera one from this camera which
means that there would be a few
differences because no actor can do the
same thing twice perfectly so here's the
two angles side-by-side check I want to
focus on Alison Parker's reaction and it
should be exactly the same so let's have
a look at it in normal speed
so if you didn't catch the head nod here
it is again in slow motion the nodding
is there look at that down up and down
again and the shot will be fired as head
goes down there but here there is no
nodding whatsoever especially you're
going to take note the last second
before he shoots his blanks her head is
as still as can possibly be I mean I
don't know it looks different right like
she's clearly not moving her head and
other perspective I don't know I'm just
saying did definitely this creepy now
there's another thing that people
noticed and that was that when the gun
went off there was a big flare now even
when I first saw this video on the side
quite like I've seen videos of people
shooting guns before and I've never seen
like that kind of a flare I've only seen
that like video games or movies but I've
never seen that in real life so a lot of
people agree with me a user by the name
of Pete rake actually took the same gun
that the shooter used took it out on a
field and shot it on camera just to see
what it would look like well when you
did that flare check it out so now check
out the shooters video with the flare
I check them out side by side another
thing I noticed that a lot of other
people noticed was there's no blood like
when she got shot there was no blood and
I don't know I once again all respect to
the families and it's an awful thing
that happened but all I'm saying is it
is really hard for me to believe
anything I see on the news I won't
believe half of it but feel like it's
only going to get crazier feel like more
and more shit's going to happen that
we're not going to know if it's real or
not and we have to be on the lookout
well there are guys go hopefully you
enjoyed this conspiracy theory video I
know there was fun ones and some not so
fun ones but if you enjoyed it you want
me to make more of these videos please
give me a thumbs up so I know also
subscribe right down there on the canoe
videos every single day and if you want
to see on my other conspiracy theory
videos I will put a link to a playlist
in the description below
actually the conspiracy theorist I will
see you tomorrow believe everything you
see
no offense to RVs actually no offense to
our base your logo looks like a dick and
your sandwiches looks like an old pussy
which is why I blamed you for all my
childhood sexual issues RV maybe that's
why I stayed away from penis image
janitor so long because I was so scared
of it which is why during Taco Bell for
love which is why I felt the Taco Bell
dog which is why I probably love dogs
more the people
