guys today is such an exciting day not
only because they got a new addition to
the squad my cookie jar Lama but also
because we have another addition to the
squad who has flown in from Colorado
I wanted you to burn your mouth so bad
yes Morgan's here you guys remember her
she's Rylan sister are you Edie I have
to take my vitamins
does he say candy well I brought extra
she brings food everywhere she goes this
is why I love her done she also loves
ghosts and you are aware of this but
this particular room you're in right now
is very haunted oh yeah I was in the
shower it was like what like when you
like there's like scribbles on the door
okay you take your demons with you I
guess okay so Morgan is here and I told
her that I wanted to do some type of
video but she has no idea that Garret is
coming over with a huge surprise forever
now I told Garrett that she loves ghost
hunting and that she's down for anything
and he said that he was gonna plan
something that would scare the shit out
of us knowing Garrett there's gonna be
costumes involved and it's gonna turn
into a big gay nightmare but it's gonna
be a lot of fun stop judging me baby
I'm just trying to pay for your college
okay I'm trying to buy you a g-wagen god
I can't wait to have kids so I can buy
their love come in it oh my god we can
finally show our camera dad that's so
sweet
did you notice something in the room
smells bad that's you that is actually
me it's crazy maybe behind
welcome okay I know so you guys have
never met this is very exciting and you
guys are almost the same person and it's
weird you're both goofy you both love
food I both smell bad do you like rice
krispies treats like anything the word
treat and watch out for comes things are
just gonna be confusing for you cuz do
you know which one is me cuz look didn't
you warn you about the cops name yeah
yeah didn't even realize how weird it is
cuz it's her brother
Oh oh my god if you sit on this couch
you could get pregnant with my child
into maybe something else a little
terrifying McGarrett might have played
Oh
oh my god this is actually really cool
because I've been wanting to do this
we've been wanting to do this for a
really long time so hold this hand I
didn't you like spooky things do you
know we're doing today we're going to be
going to post haunted ghost shit
arguably in the world called Queen Mary
built in
19:36 but here's the thing this is way
away what do you know about this what
happened to clean Mary Queen Shane took
her no I you know I grew up in Long
Beach that's where it is Queen Mary is
like genuinely haunted I haven't been
there like 10 years but the last time I
was there this is really dark but I went
with a friend and we were in a haunted
room and her pigtail got pulled and then
we went to the front desk and said like
oh I missed it oh did somebody pull your
pigtail you know I said yeah and she
said oh well that's the lowest captain
of the ship and he likes to walk around
a middle-of-the-night pole girl's
pigtails and fuck them so you waited for
Morgan to be here to take us to the
Queen it didn't happen very very very
fucking haunted it is not a joke it is
like legendary yeah a legendary Queen
way okay on a scale of not haunted to
Stanley Hotel where does this lie more
haunted than salmon everybody but this
place is terrifying
oh it the most haunted place in the
world not only is it the most haunted
place in the world but Britney Spears
films her perfume music video beside the
ship cut the clip you're recreating that
in the same hallway you know that right
oh my god should I bring awake oh my god
okay sorry so did you do all your
Garrety research you have props Oh
oh yes I do um but I'm moving right now
so it's a little limited but I did bring
enough I just got whisky Oh God
and
oh not for you then Tyler and Baconator
coming along this journey yeah because
you know what I don't give you that face
I read about a ghost who's looking for
her baby and so we're gonna get 400
sorry but I forgot and then I have a
ghost recordings last video I had like
10 million things do you not watch
change channel lasers oh sorry text my
mom let's see shall watch them wait okay
Garrett yeah stand up and give us the
real scary moments like what are we in
for okay let's see present it okay so
from what I was reading this place I
know we've been goofing a little bit
with our babies by the way Jesus but
apparently this ship is insane so it's
built in 1936 and a lot of people have
died on it I guess and it's legitimately
one of the most haunted places in
America definitely the most haunted
ghost ship apparently in the world when
I called today about the rooms to find
like the scariest room the woman said
this she was like cuz I was like hey do
you believe in that just you know like
do you believe in this paranormal stuff
and she was like honestly I don't like
it all because I'm very like atheist but
this place is fucked up like she said
those words I was like what are you
talking about she's like I don't stay
here like after night like after my
shifts I go home immediately she's like
I've had horrible experiences by the
pool people watching me
people like touching me and stuff and
I'll turn around no one's there's just
like everywhere in this ship she's like
something's happening on the ship it
sounded like out of a film or something
so this place is crazy I was he'd been
reading the Yelp reviews there are
people who were saying they didn't even
believe in things that had to leave
rooms that had to leave the ship if
their experiences were so so dark one
woman said that she woke up to herself
being held down on the bed and she said
she had experienced sleep paralysis
before she knew exactly what that was
she said she was literally thrashing to
get up
someone was holding her hands against
her chest like this and after like 20
seconds they let go and she like ran out
of the room welcome to the squad
Oh yo it big can I tell you it's it's it
was built by the same people that built
the Titanic it's bigger than the Eiffel
Tower this isn't like a tiny ship Oh
dear me oh my god okay let's go get
murdered in our sleep oh my new G we
need to run in the G guys spoiler alert
if you didn't know I am forced Riley to
get a G Wagen and all the comments that
Shane you should buy Riley two G Wagen
and I said no he pressured me to get my
own oh my god it's so pretty
I really don't like seeing it next to my
rose beat up used jeep it looks like
next to mine wait what are you talking
about the car I love when my family
members steal my dream he's only happy
when he's in the gene that's what I'm
gonna be like when I know me too if he
scratches the seat Rylands gonna piss
out of his a dog all right wait what are
you doing I don't want me to say they're
okay
you're in the back baby come on sit down
good boy ah I love my new car
yeah it's safer than any car we've ever
had my god it doesn't smell like piss
that's amazing give it a week what I've
learned today is that if the boy doesn't
pick you up in a G Wagon and drag you by
your ponytail he's not good enough for
me she's gonna be so mad I need a napkin
for the coffee when I spill oh my god oh
my god oh my god this is officially the
scariest video we've ever made over
there - ah if he scratches the seat
Rylands gonna piss out of his eyebrows
right and oh my parents gonna kill me
and I don't get a hot - gee is there a
famous haunted hotel where we live we're
going to get dragged by demons we're
going to the Queen Mary that was very
real
no I heard like crazy stuff whoa don't
lie I wouldn't go outside at night where
you're like something could like make
you jump my depression okay the animals
are dropped off and now I think we're
gonna have to drop off the g-wagen
because we've only had it for five
minutes and there's already a scratch on
it you still copying it I cleaned it
I think the g-wagen is too nice for us
to take on this roast ready Rylan it's
up to you guys I mean I don't think
anything worse is gonna happen than a
scratch from cheetah I'm probably gonna
fart all over your seats okay I don't
trust Garrett's ass we're getting a Jeep
it's hot the smaller here isn't it like
Jurassic Park Tigers looking at the
g-wagen Queen Mary yeah oh Jesus
yes yeah I woke up today I'm not even
fucking close
ouch my fucking Jeep I was gonna kiss
you say this revenge
give me all the funds monies give me
your coins out of your pocket boy what
do you think it was open Oh
joke's on you knucklehead I've got
another okay it's been like an hour
we're almost at the Queen Mary but I
feel like the hotel might not have the
best snacks don't say it like that's
what I've been asking for for the past
hour snack snack snack I know we're
gonna get some snack I'm just kidding
okay I'm the whole damn shit okay you
continue
we get some frosting frosting and graham
crackers anyone ever do that I know but
the little bats are good because then
like it stops you from eating the whole
thing
no still like the whole thing it's just
a lot more work wait that actually all
of us right now only smokes that's
octopus a happy oh my god no sugar added
dark chocolate almond bitter chicken
we're on the sea were on the see what
are we craving those way
I'm out there a little yeah that's you
this is what he does when he sees M&Ms
sponsor me
okay so I thought it'll be fun to get to
know you if we did a little Q&A okay
okay so wait I want to have like a cute
little background are you already eating
you open it from the bottom okay you
stand so I wouldn't sit on the car oh my
god
does it feel safe oh my god I feel again
your goalies come away I'm gonna break
my card and this is too much we can't
film I guess
see no you do it you look great oh okay
the same time for QA okay number one
sorry question number one are you single
Oh always have been probably always will
be who's your dream man Josh Peck both
are married but the step stalked anyone
who finds a way that's available okay
that's Rylan changed since he started -
he's kind of always been a little thing
I like to say bye ashie he's um much
richer
okay if you had to choose between dating
Garrett me or Ryland really for late on
a lot of levels wait a minute this is
perfect I could fuck her
whoo Taco Bell or Chipotle Chipotle what
I love oh my god I wish I had time if I
had time I would try to get you at
Chipotle celebrity card secretive free
Chipotle
wait okay wait this could take a turn
what do you think we could do to get
Chipotle to give her a cart Oh hire an
airplane right Chipotle in this guy oh
my god I don't know they wouldn't give
me one really yeah let's get radical
then we look craziest thing you can do
oh you know what gets attention on me in
the media tattoos people get crazy
tattoos putting across my forehead yeah
oh my god you got a fucking Chipotle
burrito tattooed on your forehead my
only like not a permanent one so only
like maybe you would get your poly
no I have to step in and say no here
because like I'm the older brother my
mom's not here we're gonna send her back
and I'm going to die that's my title
that's a good thumbnail Chipotle on her
lips hello did you really do this wait
Morgan you have to get approval it goes
away in three years I'm gonna be gone in
three years wait for your mom no no no I
think we should not tell her go home I
got a tattoo no because that is my frog
what have you got that far and they
don't do it then you'll get talk about
tattooed on our ass okay guess we're
gonna go to the Queen Mary we'll do it
tonight but first I write a to ya
Garrett fine detention parlor are you
serious yeah okay you look all the
tension brother we'll figure out where
we're going I'm gonna get down from this
car cuz I'm gonna break it and I'm gonna
take a selfie with that little girl oh
my god okay what is this this is a
tattoo parlor and the other guy said
that he was down and do it you sounded
he's not good confident enough to
sounded really stuff wait I'm actually
nervous
stupid should we not be doing this this
is bad yes yes yes that's good mom I did
not approve this that's gonna be on your
sister
honestly that's like crazy yeah well you
should actually want to Chipotle ten
feet on your left do you remember what
this looks like well what else would I
get I love it like you're gonna be on a
tinder date and then you'd be like oh
haha you have to think it's gonna hurt a
lot and is it something that you really
want to do don't do this for this well
I've always wanted to do it I'm not
kidding do you think it's gonna hurt
like pretty bad did you want to sip a
coffee or anything are you okay oh so I
would use just the tips here on the
screen you've got so much more balls
but he's okay no I know
not like extremely disobey it really
doesn't like that about my branch kids
in it yeah
and I what if he messed up and just put
your puddle
Boulevard all by each opposed the rest
your life no one post it cuz I want to
shy on I go home Brito with a lip of
hiking ok I'm not as mad as I was when
this started
hi I'm in full support you're gonna be
inserting famous okay so that happened
Chipotle if you don't give her free
Chipotle for life part I'll be very mad
oh you okay because I love you anyway
I'm gonna show I'm not not post any
pictures to tell you home and them and a
show her and get her to do that is so
insane we're actually here for we
haven't even gotten dude so now I think
it's time for us to go by the way I just
went over 49 people have died on the
ship and it's killed about a hundred I'm
sleeping in the car what yeah there are
so many people who have died on the ship
it's actually insane and some recently
because they actually fall off of it
that's a risk so we could potentially
die and we're definitely gonna see some
shit
let's go oh my god this is ten times
worse than the Stanley Hotel we're gonna
die tonight I'm not trying to sleep here
they're doing a lot oh no I really
didn't do that out here did you hear I
don't know would ever actually like
witness something that crazy how do you
feel about tattoos no I don't feel good
today like mention that Thanks
do you have to be one yes not really
