hey that's of you guys I am so fucking
nervous tonight I am terrified I'm
scared my heart is racing my hands are
shakin because today I'm gonna be trying
something that I am pretty sure I have
never tried and I have stayed away from
my whole life today I'm gonna be tasting
motherfuckin Arby's that's right
Arby's now listen no offense to Arby's
actually know what the fence to Arby's
your logo looks like a dick and your
sandwiches look like an old pussy which
is why I blame you for all my childhood
sexual issues RV maybe that's why I
stayed away from penis and vagina for so
long because I was so scared of it which
is why during Taco Bell for love which
is why I fell in love the Taco Bell dog
which is why I probably love dogs more
the people but today I'm going to give
it a chance
and who knows maybe I'll love it maybe
I've been missing out my whole life and
maybe I'll be the new Harvey
spokesperson I mean I'll probably have
to delete this tweet um but yeah you
know I could just get rid of that all
right let's get eat the very heavy bag
and it's dripping I love that what's
this a meat craft what does that even
mean like witchcraft like it took some
sort of magic to make these sandwiches
honestly maybe it did because some of
those sandwiches do not look like any
animal I've ever seen it's like it
magically took a pig and a cow and a cat
and magically molded it all together and
then did it all as a buck which actually
sounds kind of good let's eat okay so
I'm going to start with the classic
roast beef I already regret this so this
is what they're famous for all right
here we go
oh how is it all one color oh this is
actual hospital food this isn't even
hospital food
this is hospice food that's a hospital
where people actually go to die this is
food you eat when you see Jesus and
you're like Lord take me now I don't
want to have to swallow this oh my god
that tastes like a lunchable burp and
like an Uncrustables art and like I
don't remember exactly what the little
sticks that you dip into a little cheese
is called but it tastes like one of
those in a queef it's just all bad
children food blend it together and then
they throw a kid in a blender and it was
such a fucking annoying ass kid like one
of those kids from MasterChef junior
like I get it you're fucking better than
me Kimmy like you can make a souffle and
all I can do is make my coop gay but
that doesn't mean you're fucking better
than me little fucking piece of shit why
do I hit the masters to junior so much
oh yeah kids are little ass bitch
okay let's try this Oh God Oh God oh
wait wait I can't forget about their
famous Arby's sauce first of all who is
RB it's already a person is RB a feeling
cuz if Arby's was the feeling I feel
like it would be boo boo all right here
we go drizzle summit that on top oh-ho
okay you know what it doesn't look that
bad the lie detector is detected that is
a lie
all right here we go I'm gonna okay Oh
God Oh God I'm going in actually looks
like a period like a full-on period I
don't even have a joke this looks like a
vagina it's a bleeding it's uterus out
the walls are crumbling down the eggs
are scrambled and she won't chocolate
and don't you dare ask mama to drive you
anywhere
mama is namu all right Oh God nothing my
mom always think about my mom I bring up
my mom a lot if I hung out with my mom
as much as I think about her bleeding
pussy we would have such a better
relationship but it's still good here we
go
oh my god no no come on no fuck you
Arby's fuck you I don't know who you are
coming for I don't know what you were
trying to do with your life but you need
to stay the fuck away from me and all
the people that Adam what what's that
what was that if anybody watching this
video likes the Arby's classic roast
beef sandwich with Arby's sauce on top
honestly leave my channel there's a lot
more videos you can watch people eating
food because that honestly made me angry
it makes me angry that they would sell
that it makes me angry that somebody
would pay for that now I feel bad
because when I was like 10 years old I
saw a homeless person dead outside of an
Arby's and I was like they got to bring
you back to life so I went into Arby's
and I bought them like a $5 meal and I
brought it out and I laid it right on
top of their dead little body and I
walked away and I was like ah when they
regain consciousness they're gonna love
their RVs meal I bet you I killed them
like I bet they woke up and you're like
oh food and they bit into that and they
were like I would rather fight the hood
of a car when I jump into the street and
get hit by it Eddie died that's how that
happened once this is that story it's
not a joke like the guy jumped into the
street to gated by the car and died
that's why you were everywhere but
you're scared to drive next are you okay
I'm actually excited about their fries
number one Hillier I'm gonna hope that
some of them fell
a bag or something cuz I mean that's
come look and that's not just me being
fat I mean it is but it's also me just
being like an American and like wanting
my fry container filled all the way to
the top is that that hard to ask for
honestly if Donald Trump said that in
his presidential speech I feel for him
if he was like I want to build a fucking
wall to keep out all the Mexicans and I
want to fucking get rid of all the
Muslims and I want to make gay people
die oh and by the way you know those
fried containers and Arby's well I just
don't think they're filled enough but if
I'm the president well I'm gonna fill
those little motherfuckers up to the top
hmm interesting case Hillary what do you
think
yeah I'm not really concerned with like
fried containers from Arby's I'm more
thinking about like I don't know real
issues and not building up walls but you
know that's my main focus hmm I see
where you're coming from I'm voting for
Trump oh my god though if Hillary could
somehow get the crunch raps are going to
talk about to start having a Dorito
layer bitch ha ha ha that's president of
United States Queen all right let's try
one of these fries I'm excited though
because rickey dillion tweeted that
these are really good fries and I trust
anything Rika dilip it's it is now
actually I don't know what rickey
dillion pizza just mouth
does anybody here we go Arby's I'm
confused
how do you fuck up a sandwich so much
which is what you're known for but then
you are bringing me some highest quality
curly fries like you're doing some shit
nobody else is doing like McDonald's
will do curly fries
Burger King wishes she could do curly
fries del Taco I know they sell fries I
don't know why it's a Mexican with trunk
don't get me started that's a whole
nother angry rant but she don't do curly
fries but for some reason you can't
master your sandwich here's my thought
get rid of all the sandwiches and just
do fries rebrand yourself because I
would eat these every single day for
every single meal then I would look like
Trump I already have the awful hair in
the awful skin complexion siding up what
do you think his dick looks like look
I'm not trying to be funny or gross or
anything but like I can't figure it out
I bet it's big
I bet it's fat I bet it's like flat
though you know I mean like one of those
people like from the front you're like
they are fat but then when they turn to
the side you're like oh they're just
wide avenues a wide dick what do you
think Hillary's dings
kidding next food all right this is very
confusing to me I have no idea what this
is
his orbit it's called a chicken cordon
bleu I was excited cuz I was like oh my
got a chicken cordon bleu like she
hasn't been around in a while and like
I'm ready for her comeback uh if they
only had a chippy Nikki Blonsky that
would be fuckin everything okay first of
all this looks a little bit better um I
still don't know what it is so let's
open it up that didn't help oh no I
think it's a like fried chicken patty
with some unidentified meat product and
then there looks to be cheese and some
kind of come because I was very annoying
to the waiters and they probably came in
it I don't think I'm not annoying when I
order stuff like I do order 85 different
things on the menu and ask about every
civil item and then sometimes I say
things like are you fucking kidding me
people eat that and then I ask them at
that Coke Zero and they're like no
mailing of Diet Coke and I'm like water
Jeffcoat zero it's so much better you
can taste the sweetness and then if the
clerk is interesting enough we'll ask
them to do a face walk with me on
snapchat I don't think I'm annoying
alright let's try this mobile fucker
here we go Oh Foreman
Oh Corbin ooh this is kicking it bad
boom this is High School Musical 3 BAM
this is that reunion special they did
last year after high school you go to
where they brought Corbin Bleu back and
he had a full beard and I think you have
like three kids and they were like what
you up to down for bit and he was like
this that's this bad oh I got a lot of
Corbin Bleu but he deserves better than
this
at least some ranch you know I mean the
chin Nikki Blonsky would have read it
would have so much real by way if you
don't know who I'm talking about I feel
very bad for you you need to check out
her Twitter it is sad hahaha she tweets
celebrities and she's like hi it's Nikki
Blonsky from hairspray the movie
remember me wanna hang out message
unread I'll hang out Nikki you bring the
ranch okay I'm real confused about this
one this sandwich came in a hotdog box
honestly me that's my new bio on Twitter
I'm a sandwich that comes in a hotdog
box like you think you know what you're
gonna get and then we get open enough
disappointment but this sandwich comes
with a bowl of some type of liquid to
dip into it that's horrifying
also this box can talk
fucking gross but at least I'm not from
Subway true alright so let's try this
out I'm going to dip her into this Cup
oh god what is this that's very strange
it smells like my bath like after I've
been in it like you know when you've
been a bath bomb in the water and you
get like sprinkles and flower petals and
little pink glitter when you put me in
the water you get whatever the fuck this
is some kind of brown meaty sauce
let's do oh alright she is wet and ready
for my mouth never ever said that before
it's usually she is dry and ready for
some porn oh she went yet no all right
I'll just be over here in the corner
with a blanket covering my body that's
fine Oh No why there is nothing worse
than taking something you already don't
like and getting it wet that is like
well me in the shower but you know just
to be safe I'm gonna try this sandwich
without the drippings and maybe it's
good by itself
maybe that's the fuck up all right let
me pick off a dry part you know what
that fixed it I don't love it but let's
go just like mb4 cheese awesome shit
Arby's always has like one fuck up no
well like a lot more than one fuck up by
the way brother RV stairs to come for me
you guys might not know this but there
is stands for literally everything every
fast-food restaurant video that I do if
I say one bad thing about that
restaurant I will literally get at least
10 tweets from seven weird fan account
like Denny's girl 101 and she's like you
don't like the fucking pancake puppy
shame you're trash
I'm not kidding restaurants have
fangirls and kind of a Bhangra for any
kind of restaurant but you know what I
mean it's crazy
alright I think I'm ready for dessert I
have two different options number one is
some kind of an apple pie now this looks
like they did not fuck that up I love
the presentation MasterChef junior
kidnapper
alright let's just break her open oh
come on
they didn't fuck this up they know
exactly what they were doing with this
so inside of that flaky exterior is this
apple pie filling with
nuts so we're gonna try that but we also
have to wash it down I'm some kind of
milkshake it was called a jamocha I
don't know what that means I'm guessing
like chocolate coffee but it could also
be a weird taste that like nobody's ever
heard of kind of like the Arby's sauce
mystery try first okay okay
all right Arby's you won't be back
you got me girl like I might not come to
your restaurant for a lunch or dinner
but I'll come for dessert like I thought
I left this on that he'll go he'd still
be here all right now let's try the
shake I don't know what the function
mocha is but you're making me want some
Oh Jim okay you're wet I don't even know
what I'm saying
hi I'm just excited that fisted make me
wanna puke I don't really know what the
flavor is interesting it's a flavor I've
never had before it's like a chocolate
coffee peanut butter labia I don't know
there's like a lot of flavors inside of
it honestly Arby's congrats to things
were good that's good for me I am very
picky well other guys go that was me
Joanne RVs for the first time thank you
for being with me on that experience it
was very scary but I feel really good
now that we did it I have finally
conquered my Arby's fear I'm ready to
bungee jump I'm ready to jump out of a
plane I'm ready for all of that because
nothing is more terrifying than biting
into that sandwich for the first time
all right you guys make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe I
think new videos every single day and if
you want to see me eating more foods to
different restaurants or random places
I'll put a link to the playlist right
down in the description as you guys I
will say you little Arby's sandwiches
just kidding you're non Arby's sandwich
for at least a chick-fil-a and I don't
even like chick-fil-a that much but like
it's much better okay you're a Big Mac
but that's a lot like that's like
marriage material wifey status like
we're married now if I call you a Big
Mac it ought to be stick no chick-fil-a
so I shouted hello repeatedly at him
hello hello no response the man started
coming closer and we both realize that
he had no face we ran as fast as we
possibly could to get back to my
friend's house it was until two years
later that my friend informed me of the
legend of Slenderman and I realized that
whenever I saw that night looked exactly
like
