ah hey what's up you guys um first of
all just want you to know everybody
watching I am NOT monetizing this video
there should be no ads on this video I
don't want to make money off this
fucking video like this is not about me
like trying to get views and trying to
cash in on a tragedy like that's not my
fucking thing at all
um and I wasn't I wasn't going to make a
video about all of this because I was
just like well why I'm just going to be
crying and it's going to be
uncomfortable to watch and whatever but
then I'm like you know fuck it I'm gonna
make it and I'm gonna try not to cry
because number one I've literally been
crying for two days straight like for 48
hours um like more than I've ever cried
in my life like not just crying like
embarrassing like loud crying where I
was just like uh uh-huh
it was intense also I'm I'm gonna try
not to make jokes actually I don't fuck
it I'm just gonna be I'm just gonna say
whatever the fuck I want to say in this
video I'm not gonna try not to cry I'm
not going to try not to censor myself
I'm not going to try not to make jokes
I'm just going to talk to you like your
friend right now because you are well
I've met a lot of you guys but I'm
assuming if I meant you we could be
friends but maybe not maybe you'd
fucking shoot me in the head because
that fucking happens okay sorry okay
obviously I'm in the anger part of the
dealing with dead this weekend has been
fucked this weekend has been fucked and
I'm happy I waited a couple days to make
a video because I i processed stuff a
little bit I'm still like mind fucked
right now but I think I'm okay to talk a
little bit no I'm not I'm not even
making sense this okay back to the point
I've never lost a friend I never thought
I would until I was old you know like
you know here's your grandma say stuff
like Oh Carol died yesterday yeah well
who wants soup likey
like they're just so used to it they're
like oh yeah we're old we're dying ooh
who's next I don't know Tic Tac Toe
you're it we're but like I didn't think
I'd ever have to deal with that now like
what the fuck
and and I have never dealt with it I've
dealt with family members dying and that
has been awful and I'm still not over it
I've dealt with celebrities that I loved
died and you know that affects me but
but when a celebrity dies it affects me
for like a day and then there's this
weird thing where you can kind of just
get over it because you don't really
know them and you know you wish you wish
their family well and stuff but you got
to move on with your life and I know
that's what a lot of people are doing
right now with Christina because they
didn't know her they're like oh that's
awful like they're dead so sad like oh
my god rest in peace hashtag hashtag
hashtag
um and then like the next day they're
like at Pizza Hut
get some sticks mm you know and and I've
seen a lot of that and I get angry and
but it's it's not anybody's fault
because I remember when my uncle killed
himself wow I don't think I've ever
talked about that and I don't know if I
should talk about fuck it I'm going to
talk about fucking um it was one of the
worst things that's ever happened in my
family I do fucked me up a lot I loved
him and when he killed himself fuck
I'm not going to cry because I'm done
doing that today when he killed herself
the next day we had to go to the store
to buy clothes for a funeral because I
had never been to one before this is
very sad okay anyways um we were at
Goodwill or something and I was trying
to find a suit for myself and they
didn't have any what
and I was looking around the store and
everybody's just like living their life
and laughing and buying things and I
literally turn to my mom and I was just
like why aren't they stopping why are
they doing this don't they know that our
uncle just died don't they know that
they should stop like I felt like the
world should stop because he died and
then my mom was like Shane that makes no
sense because like he's important to us
but they don't know him you know they
don't know they have no connection to
that you shouldn't expect strangers to
care about your problems or your family
and it's the same thing Cristina like I
knew her oh my god okay I knew her I
considered her friend um and when I
found out she died it was like a feeling
I hadn't felt before when you find out a
family member dies it's awful and it
hits you really fucking hard when a
friend dies it's so confusing because
that's not supposed to happen especially
somebody who's 20 fucking - like that's
not supposed to happen
um I don't know how to process that I I
i literally i was at Joey's house and it
was me Joey and Drew Daniel Colleen and
Colleen's friend and we were all just
sitting around hanging out and eating
Chipotle and Andrew was like oh my god
Christina Grimmie got shot and I thought
he was kidding his drew like makes crazy
jokes like that I mean my gut knew he
wasn't joking but I wanted him to be
joking so I was just like oh okay
and he's like no oh my god no and I mean
I turned off like my mind turned out my
heart stopped I couldn't focus we were
all just like what and I ran outside
and I called my mom and because my mom
knows her and I was just like oh my god
and my mom started crying and we were
both losing it and I grabbed drew and I
was like four fucking I gotta go
we were supposed to film videos in
collab and this night I was like I can't
fucking do anything right now except for
literally have a breakdown and you know
I love Joey I love Daniel a love Colleen
but like Drew is family to me so I felt
okay crying around him I felt a little
bit weird crying around like those
friends willing drew drew has literally
seen me at my worst in the hospital like
come out but he's seen yet my craziest
so I took him and I just fucking cried
and went to his apartment and we were
watching videos of her and we found out
she died and I mean I just lost it so
over that next 24 hours I mean it got so
confusing for me that I was texting her
like I said I was tagged I'd sent her
text messages and she's gone like it and
it wasn't registering in my brain that
she's never going to get that text
because she's fucking gone and I was
just so after I would send it I would
just start crying even more being like
oh my god Wow fuck this is what am i
doing
so I guess I'm if you don't know who she
is you don't know the christina grimmie
ins please please please google her
YouTube her watch her videos listen to
her music listen to the podcast I did
with her just like get to know her I
don't want I don't I want people to
remember her I want them to love her the
same way I did
and listen
I totally get it back to the original
point I totally get it that like people
get over it fast you know like somebody
dies and then the next day it's like
moving on and I am not mad about it I
get it but like I don't want that to
happened
fully like I want people to I don't want
it to hurt be hashtag and then the next
day for her to just people does not
remember and I'm gonna do what I can to
make people remember you know I just
don't understand I don't understand how
somebody could fucking shoot a 22 year
old girl who is so sweet and oh my god
and reading the fucking article about
how it went down and how she like was an
amine greed she like opened her arms for
hug and he walked up and get it like I
have me and greets I have up toward I do
that I opened my arms for hugs and I
just and I mean in a genuine and I'm
like come on give me a fucking hug and
just to imagine somebody putting a gun
in your face when you do that is the
ultimate slap in the face and then today
I wake up and I find out about the
Orlando shooting and I'm just like and
that destroys me because I can't even
fathom like I couldn't fathom somebody
shooting one girl now I have to fathom
somebody's shooting fifty more than 50
people killing 50 people or would like
for them being gay which I'm now part of
this world you know I came out of the
closet bisexual I'm now a part of that
community I you know what I'm saying so
it hit me in a different way obviously
they hit me because they're people and
I'm a person but I know I also know what
it's like for people to hate me because
of what I am so that hit me and it was
just like then I cried for another day
so if you guys are feeling sad just know
you're not alone
whether it's about Christina whether
it's about Orlando shooting whether it's
about somebody in your life that died or
whether it's about you know anything
just know you're not alone and we all
fucking suffer we all go through it I
don't know how long I'm going to be
through it I don't know I've never lost
a friend I don't know how fucked up it's
going to make me I'm just trying to take
it a day at a time you know go download
your music listen to it I've been doing
that a lot anyways this video is too
long and I'm rambling but I love you
guys and I will see your mom see thanks
for this
