hey what's up you guys yes it is another
time for us to talk about urban legends
now today's urban legend is no stranger
to the internet because that's where it
was created today we're going to be
talking about Slenderman
so I'm sure most of you guys know what
Slenderman is or heard of him but if you
have it Slenderman is a very tall very
thin man with long arms almost like
tentacles his face is white and
featureless there's no nose no mouth no
eyes
and he always is in a dark suit and tie
usually sightings of him have been in
the forest or the woods or somewhere
very far from society and if you see
Slenderman he'll start stalking you
you'll follow you back to your house
you'll look in your windows while you're
sleeping you start stalking your every
footstep the feeling of being stalked
makes you feel like you're going crazy
you start to be paranoid you start to
question everything you get obsessed
with Slenderman you want to figure out
who he is why he's following you because
of this you get nauseous you get
nosebleed you have trouble sleeping and
they call this slender sickness so the
legend of Slenderman was born in 2009 on
a form called something awful Internet
it was a photoshopping challenge where
you were supposed to Photoshop something
creepy into an everyday picture well
somebody took a picture of a bunch of
kids running away from something
screaming and they photoshopped
Slenderman in the background and the
caption under the photo said we didn't
want to go we didn't want to kill them
but it's persistent silence and
outstretched arms horrified and
comforted us at the same time now this
picture went viral because not only did
it look extremely real it was extremely
fucking creepy I think we've all been in
a situation where we felt like there was
somebody watching us or following us
where you were the woods and you saw
something that looked like a person
maybe it was a tree well Slenderman was
all of those feelings come to life now
ever since that picture went viral
hundreds of other pictures were made or
taken and a lot of people said they had
real experiences with Slenderman now
there is kind of a theory that the more
you put something out into the universe
the more you kind of create it takes on
its own creation almost like when you
put negativity out to the world if your
negative negative negative eventually
your life turns negatives well maybe
talking
slenderman so much has made him somehow
real now this blog post I'm about to
read you is from a girl was 18 years old
and she said she had a personal
experience with Slayer I'm currently an
18 year old female and I live in
Oklahoma City this event occurred when I
was 15 and it happened in the same
location my friend lives in a fairly
decent neighborhood that was 15 minutes
walking distance from a 7-eleven her
parents allowed us to make late night
trips there for snacks on occasion as we
were walking down the street to 7-eleven
there's a park to the left we were
walking past the park and we could see
an extremely tall figure I recall it
being as tall as the branches of the
surrounding trees he seemed to be
dressed in all black and extremely pale
I'm an extremely logical person so I
wanted to validate that it was just some
strange tall guy so I shouted hello
repeatedly at him hello hello no
response a man started coming closer and
we both realized that he had no face we
ran as fast as we possibly could to get
back to my friend's house it was until
two years later that my friend informed
me of the legend of Slenderman and I
realized that whatever I saw that night
looked exactly like it now who knows
what that girl saw maybe she did just
see really tall guy maybe it was
somebody playing a prank on her but
something that happened in 2014
connected to Slenderman was extremely
real in 2014 two twelve-year-old girls
in Wisconsin held down their friend and
stabbed her 19 times because they said
Slenderman told him the girl was stabbed
in the woods and then left for dead she
ended up crawling out of the woods onto
the street and somebody passing by saw
her and called the police she ended up
surviving and those two girls that did
it are now in jail and every time the
authorities questioned them they say the
same thing
Slenderman told us to but this isn't the
only time something like this has
happened it's at ember of 2014 a 14 year
old girl in Florida set her house on
fire while her mom and her 9 year old
brother were still inside and when the
police asked her why she did it
the Slenderman told so whether he's real
or not what is real is the fact that
people become so obsessed with him that
it starts taking over their brain so now
on to my story now I have a very bizarre
story and I feel like I've told you
maybe before in another video or in a
pod
asked but I remember it like it was just
yesterday I was probably seven years old
and I was in my bunk bed I was on the
top of and I faced the window the window
was always open my mom liked to keep it
open because like it would let the
moonlight in and you know I'd feel
comforted by that one night when I was
laying in my bed I felt something watch
so I turned my head toward the window
and what I saw was a man standing there
no face black suit and very tall because
we were on the second story but the
scariest thing was I didn't feel super
scared I felt in shock and confused and
just like this thing was trying to
communicate to me and I thought maybe
was an alien or an angel I didn't really
know but all I know is it was standing
there and it was fucking real
whatever was so I jumped out of my bed I
ran into my mom's bedroom I told her
what happened and she had convinced me
oh it's just your guardian angel he
watches over you and for some reason I
was like yeah okay that makes sense now
as most of you guys know I have had
dealings with shadow people and other
stuff like that I sound crazy whatever
fucking how crazy I have had dealings
with paranormal stuff like that so it
could have just been one of those but
whatever it was it was definitely there
and it's definitely staring at me and
definitely watching me so I guess my
conclusion today is maybe Slenderman
isn't real but the idea of him is it
definitely real we all feel like we're
being watched
we all feel like we're being stopped we
all feel it when we're in a house alone
we're not alone so whether it's a ghost
whether it's a demon whether it's just
the wind
there is something there maybe it is
Slenderman I guess we'll never know so
just make sure whenever you're in a room
alone or whenever you're in the woods
always look behind you all right well
good bye got you you know I was gonna do
that God Larry guys go that was my urban
legend today let me know down in the
comments if you believe it or if you've
had any sightings of Slenderman let's
look at this video a thumbs up and
subscribe cause I make new videos every
single day and I'll see you little
Slenderman tomorrow hi here we go let's
see if this works
oh my god I'm so scared ahhhh oh my god
that was
hey thanks
