hey guys yes today I'm going to be
galaxies something because I haven't
galaxy something a long time I also
haven't showered in a long time so let's
just say all my black holes are now
milky way's and my Uranus is definitely
filled with asteroids and by asteroids I
mean M roids and by Uranus I mean my
anus get it I got a dirty ass let's
start cooking okay so today I decided to
galaxy pizza nobody wants it nobody asks
for it here you go that's exactly how I
feel about peace coffee by the way
nobody asked for you Pete where'd he has
Starbucks where to have coffee bean go
home Pete we're going like that bad
about it go on Pete and you take yo side
miss Giavanna with you I'm going to be
started on mrs. field she needs to stay
in her Lane and do the cookies stuff
kind of been coffee into the mix mrs.
fields you don't see me doing pranks or
gaming videos do you know you see me
covering food in galaxy colors and I am
killing my lane what am I talking about
let's get started okay so you're
probably wondering why I have a lighter
and a huge can of hairspray um we'll get
to that later
ha ha ha stick around till the end if
you want to see me burn my face off ok
so here's my plan
to not die which is my plan every day
one day I'm not going to succeed in my
plan I have this pizza crust which is
already made because me like you think
when I make this you think I'm Rosana
Ponzi no bitch you think I'm gonna roll
that shit out I love pizza crust like
I'm not even a huge pizza fan I know
we're shocked but like I love this I
love that it looks like my complexion I
love that it decides in my head and I
love that you can just fold up into a
taco just go in I like to eat all foods
like their tacos oh my god galaxy taco
I'll do that next time okay the first
one I'm gonna do is cover this in sauce
but I'm gonna galaxy the sauce so I have
these little cups I'm just gonna put 3
cups out and we're gonna fill them with
Newman's Own marinara who the fuck is
Newman and what does that mean it's his
own I know this is not yours Newman I
know some sad sad lady in a factory made
this and I know she's like Moomin who's
Newman is that the man who won't let me
go pee is that the man who pays me 25
cents an hour
fuck Newman god this piece is gonna
taste good out there tears in here
that was the sound of that factory woman
shooting Newman he walks in the door I
love a revenge story all right so let's
just pour those in here blue blue blue
blue blue blue blue blue blue so I'm
curious how this is gonna go because I'm
gonna add colors to this but I feel like
it's all just gonna be gross me when I'm
shopping I love this shirt gross gross
quit you know what it's not the shirt
it's me all right so let's put blue in
this one and then we'll put some pink in
this one and then some red and blue and
this one to make purple right I don't I
skip their grave I mean I didn't
actually skip it I just like mentally
skipped it I just I couldn't deal with
cursive you don't I mean like we get it
you fancy oh then all the kid in your
class would like practice their
autograph nobody wants your autograph
Adam just cuz you have cool hair you
look Jessica leaner DiCaprio from
Titanic doesn't mean shit when you get
older you're in a relevant trash bag
Adam a trash bag and you know who wants
your autograph
the Bingle in Walmart when they ask you
to sign the receipt for your credit card
did you buy your groceries there Adam
you buy your groceries there let's get
mixing all right so this is blue what
this is like something rickey dillion
thumbs head all right so that's kind of
know that did not but Joey if you want
to dye your hair with this I'll send it
over to you all right now this is
supposed to be pink um
that's red but hey we're trying right
and this is supposed to be purple whoo I
literally just made demon shit or should
I call it Adam okay so now their colors
are done we are going to paint this bye
okay so I think we should start with
purple and let's just do like a little
like swirl you okay well this looks
organic that looks like some shit that
like freely would fit me I would show
you good shine there's no meat in it
just actual shit oh you can eat animal
shit you don't eat animals but you can
eat their fecal matter they love it
sometimes I put my mouth right up to a
cow's ass all right now let's do some
this is looking real scary boom it's
like a Halloween treat now let's add
some blue oh yeah well you know what
it's fine we're just gonna cover this
with cheese anyways I mean it wasn't
that bad
mmm oh that's like when I used to make
like green ketchup you gonna not even I
you need that when I was a kid and I eat
my cat just kidding
hey my guinea pig he was dying anyways
okay so now that the sauce is done we're
going to add the cheese now this should
actually go pretty well because I have
the food coloring spray so I feel like
that will work oh why does she smell
like that what is that what is cheese
it's milk right or is it like cow
dandruff
I don't know how stuff is made oh my god
is it Celtic cheese is that what that is
is that why they call it cheese dip
cheese conspiracy theory alright let's
pour the stick cheese on top of this
time it let's really cover up that gross
ass sauce pick everything
Earvin okay so now that the cheese is on
there it is time to spray it alright
let's get a close-up so of course we
start on this side I would just do
football yeah
diaper bank oh that's pretty and now
blue Oh beautiful now you just kind of
go over everything with like one color
like blue and then pink and then more
purple and then you know what it's kind
of like mold them all together a little
bit more yeah and let's go over it again
I mean that's pretty good right ah I'm
good at this okay so now it's going to
put on the pepperonis now I don't really
know how galaxies these so I'm just
gonna like spray them I guess also what
animal is pepperonis does anybody know
that anybody care okay let's just throw
those on there boom boom boom
isn't it crazy to think like this looks
so gross but I bet it tastes really good
like I'm kind of a fucking shell what
are you Adam because like I'm making
food right now what are you making
besides bad decisions and probably
children with your wife who hates you
let's color these Rowdies down he's pink
cuz I feel like that's gonna show up for
this oh my god worked look at that
little pinky okay now let's do blue on a
couple of them no okay just two and then
maybe purple nope bad idea well it
looked good until I did that
what a lot of you guys are thinking
shame the next step is to put it in the
oven no chains not doing that why
because that sounds like a lot of work
but instead shaven there was a fun game
he played with his brother when he was
like five it was called catch the flame
that worked was Shane's brother would
grab a can of hairspray and they'll find
her and go poof I make a blow torch
Shane would run away screaming and his
brother would not give up that's why she
is afraid of them okay so let's get
started so I have this huge can of
hairspray and it's Aqua Net this is
legit this is an old nasty shit and I
have my lighter now I have not tried
this don't try this at home this is not
for kids or literally anybody this is
the worst idea ever I'm gonna kill
myself and probably kill people in this
neighborhood this is gonna explode
stop it I know what you're doing you're
running to the bathroom finding a
hairspray lighter you're gonna do this
with me I told you no but I can't
control you I'm not your dad
Adam do this here we go let's see if
this works
oh my god I'm so scared aah oh my god
that was amazing
oh oh I love my new weapon okay so now
we were just going to put this on the
pizza well that makes it not edible but
I mean was I really mean that anyways
yes well this is good now I want all
right let's line MA
here we go oh my god oh my god the
biggest spider ever to stop fucking
ceiling oh my god
I'm sorry guys for screaming but oh no
okay I didn't just kill it I promise
oh my god oh my god he did that I hated
that
okay okay oh my god how did that happen
how the fuck did that happen where did
that come from or I don't know if you
saw that on camera a fucking spider this
big it just fell from the sky onto the
floor oh my god
let's continue to light up my house it
was a sign though from my god like don't
do this shame Emma it stopped working
you know what it was too dangerous
anyways there's a lot of fun until that
spider almost killed me but until then
it's a lot of fun we're going to go
there is my um well this doesn't it look
delicious make sure to hit that like
button if you want more delicious treats
yeah I'd you guys hopefully a fun today
except for you Adam make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe and
let me do videos every single day and I
will see you little homemade blowtorches
tomorrow just feel like Target is kind
of like like my nine-one-one you know
what I mean like they just have
everything I need like they have Oreos
they have chocolate milk and condoms I
don't need any of those things but I
want them especially that last one
really don't need that
