hey zippy guys really quick before this
video starts I just want to remind you
that I'm going on a book tour soon so
I'm gonna be meeting the guys in Houston
Texas Orlando Florida Minneapolis
Chicago Cincinnati New York and San
Francisco billed me in the world to me
if you guys came out and supported me
and I got to meet you so I'm gonna put a
link at the top of the description for
you to go and click on the event and
RSVP which means you're coming so please
do that so I know who's gonna be there
and I'm really excited and I can't wait
to meet you all right enjoy the rest of
the video
hey guys yes I am here alone why did I
start this like a collab hey guys I'm
here with that moment when you realize
you are though and there's no one there
except for a donut mug that literally
nobody should own cuz it's so stupid so
today I'm gonna be testing out more girl
products why I don't know because for
some reason you guys like watching me
put girly shit on my face when I said
that I just imagine a girl shitting and
putting it on my face which honestly I
would probably do if my life is a lie
ever wants to go out girl get up and
shit on my face whoo I have a chin she
does her signature her face do you think
glitter forever shit's forever like she
sits on the toilet and she never gets
off that's why all her videos are her
sitting down front of a green screen but
she's just sitting on her toilet okay
let's get to the video I don't know
what's happening I have a bad game a
bunch of girl shit I'm gonna put it on
my face let me also tell you this I
ordered
Kylie Jenner's lip kit and that rainbow
highlighter thing literally three months
ago and they still aren't here so I have
decided to improvise I'm creating my own
rainbow highlighter today and I have
Kylie Jenner come on out girl something
so shy show yourself you look beautiful
today all right let's get started I
don't know what the fuck this is
but it looks edible and I'm gonna eat it
this is called damaged me damn it
Kennedy Kane do you guys remember them
are they dead oh my god fifth harmony
could do a music video and gaining a
cane could play all their moms can you
imagine big David became a phone call hi
this Danity Kane we'd like you to be in
a new music video oh my god really girls
go get in here what's the part you're
gonna be playing actual mom
hello okay this is a hot oil treatment
what the fuck does that mean
place your treatment in a heatproof
container and boil it some water bitch I
don't have time for that when it's cool
enough apply it to your hair
oh so for damaged hair why do I need to
heat it up I'm just gonna use like this
my breath is so hot like you know when
somebody whispers you a secret and
they're like you look fat today
never never fucking wear that outfit
again well you know when their breath is
so hot that it like eats up your ear and
your ear actually starts to sweat and
then you got that ear hair going because
you're disgusting and then the sweat
starts to drop on that hear hear and
then it looks like you have a hearing on
I don't know where us going with this
but my breath is gross so now that this
is melted I guess we'll just put it on
our hair right what's it supposed to do
fix it not working actually you know
what
it feels soft wow what happened to my
face oh oh oh my god wait what what is
that do you see that and that and that
let's ignore that okay it's doing
something let's see if it's edible
though that tastes like instant mashed
potatoes mix the bleach how I want to
kill myself
haha suicide hacks I know drinking
bleach is like super old-school and like
kind of gross but it didn't mix it with
instant mashed potatoes it's even more
gross but like you're fucking gross so
do it next product okay this is called a
lip mask your lips gotta be so fucked up
but you need a mass like listen
sometimes my mug is cracked tea is
spilling out of it but my lips have
never been that fucked up I mean like we
just saw this that's a problem but my
lips are fine it's cuz they get zero
action let's try this out you you you it
literally feels like glue Oh rose
alright so here it is oh god this looks
like an actual vagina Oh actually it's
all lubed up doesn't feel that bad
alright so I guess you just like put
this on your mouth here we go ah I feel
so pretty right now I mean you know it's
good because there's a little hole in it
so you can still like eat fries or like
take a little sip of your tea
ah oh shit now I don't know what it's
supposed to be doing I think it supposed
to like soften your
I like my lips are already so soft that
if I want to have a difference oh the
face the taste ah if you're gonna have
something going next to my mouth at
least make it not taste like actual
Windex which would also go well with HD
mashed potatoes but it's blue so that
would like throw it off didn't it stain
into a funfetti cake all right let's see
if this worked their lips
I couldn't get the Kylie Jenner lip kit
but I got this the Kourtney okay I had
this this is called glitter gel I don't
know what it is like I don't know what
part of your body it's for I don't know
what it does I don't know why there's a
little nipple on top me the first time I
saw boobs so I guess I'm just gonna like
put it on my mouth you what oh it's like
deodorant is this glittery deodorant
that's everything like you know okay I
already look at the gym I got work from
home blowing up my Beats headphones I
got a triple extra-large sure but the
turkey on it every time I lift a weight
I say things myself like yes bitch work
we did it country let's just make it
even gayer wait I don't think this is
for your lips is it for your head
let's put it on our head is it doing
anything it's anything happening let's
try to cover this up oh it's just
bringing more attention to it okay oh
this sucks but maybe this will be good
this is Mountain Dew lip gloss now this
is the kind of shit I would like if I
was a girl I'd also love queefing if you
love it
I like farting but like this smell like
a lot to handle a queef supposedly a
scent list but you still get that
feeling of relief and sometimes there's
a sound and either way it's a relief it
guys don't get my pee-hole doesn't do
anything ever
sometimes there's discharge it's not
supposed to be there so it's not that
fun when it happens and if your dick
farts you need to get it checked I don't
know where I'm going with this but uh I
love mountain - alright how does this
work oh my god look it's like a little
little bottle I broke it this is why I'm
not a girl I'm not a girl come just
chespin
all I need is trash fill me up with
trash and that's it and then throw me
out I just quit now getting out of the
fart oh and the smell it's actually not
that bad yeah let's try this out doesn't
taste like anything that doesn't tease I
found you I was so excited to be a girl
over it haha okay last but not least
we're gonna try to make our own rainbow
highlighter so I looked it up and paid
like $100 for it and it still is not
here but basically what I gathered is
it's like a like a little round thing
and then like there's like colors and
then you like you that so let's do it
okay so I have this little brush know
what it's called it's a q-tip girls pay
so much money for this this was like $10
use a q-tip says my doctor every time
she looks at my ears one time she looked
in my ears and actually gagged like
inaudible thanks doc okay so first let's
take the pink should get a close-up ooh
so first we're gonna take the pink and
let's just do like a can you even see
that my face is already so fucking pink
anyways right now let's do green I don't
know the ring though that's not good
what is the rainbow by the way when I
was a kid the teacher is like anybody
know what the rainbow is and I was like
it's God's Way of showing the world like
he's okay with everybody and she was no
you dumbass it's like reflecting off
water get out of my class
god I miss her sucks oh she's dead every
time I see a rainbow though I think
about her dying I love it
double rainbow earned her husband dying
together see you in hell
next color blue okay whew she liked that
oh that's good okay let's do purple
these colors are killing it killing it
killing it killing let's go back over
that pink one Morgan blue this is like a
dark blue okay let's do a little orange
don't have any more colors to look at
again though so now I guess you just
blend it all together right that's not
working all right
your hands oh well I mean honestly hmm
it kind of looks cool right
am I crazy is that kind of a cool way
look from like far away yeah that's like
tribal the kind of magic like when
people get like tribal tattoos people
like oh what tribe are you from oh I
don't know I just got this to cover my
stretch marks that's how I feel about
this like I just got this to cover up
well whatever is happening with my face
right now it's actually falling off but
I love this oh my god ah speaking of
shit on my face I forgot any new face
mask to try hello this is called don't
look at me which I thought was perfect
cuz like don't look me cleansing lemon
juice and scrubby brown rice ooh what
this is gonna burn the color oh this is
good oh my god I mean it looks really
good it looks like I see I'm kind of at
ease that's good ooh
oh god that's public okay don't eat this
let's just get this all over oh hey
really oh good because there's like rice
and it just feels a bunch of cats
licking your face yeah yeah gross gross
EW Lilly oh oh but it's worth it it's so
worth it I'm gonna be so pretty
by the way in real life I tried a face
mask last week and after I took it off
my entire face was red and I was on fire
and I literally called like 85 different
places asking what the fuck to do I call
the doctor I call the dermatologist I
call Target I don't know why I call
target they didn't know this feel like
Target is kind of like like my 9-1-1 you
know what i mean like they just have
everything I need like they have Oreos
they have chocolate milk of condoms I
don't need any of those things but I
want them especially that last one
really don't need that all right I'm
good at this oh I mean if I just left
this on all day what would happen with
my face actually crumble off let's try
it oh my god the new beauty guru
challenge let's start it now
hey fellow gurus welcome to the face
mask challenge see how long you can
leave it on for
I challenge you to never take it off oh
can you imagine they all take it off and
all their skin is gone their whole lives
are ruined I'm a bad person I'm gonna
take this off okay I'm back I just scrub
that stuff off my face and honestly my
face feels kind of good maybe this kind
of stuff works
maybe I just hate everything because I'm
a negative negative person maybe it's
not the products maybe it's what do you
think Haley I think it's you same we're
gonna go that was me trying girl
products and I promise once I actually
get the Kylie Jenner look get in that
rainbow thing I'll use those and let me
know down the comments if there's any
other girly products I should try also
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more videos if you try and girly
products or doing beauty hacks I will
put a link to the playlist right in the
description below thank you guys I will
see you little trashbags tomorrow I just
there's so many possibilities to die I
just imagine like getting killed in the
bathroom up like toontown and like why
you're getting stabbed you just here
it's a small world after all yes is it's
a small world as you're getting fucking
gutted - scares me
