you said you're the most hated person
ever so let's test the theory I'm gonna
go on you got like an app I'm going to
send out a tweet saying you're on the
show and question but hey with it and by
the way they're all in all caps so
there's no and then there's Shane with a
crying face yeah there's definitely a
picture of somebody drinking bleach so
that is yeah hey what's up you guys so
today I want to do something a little
bit different now you know I'm obsessed
with all things creepy dark weird so
I've been making a lot of videos about
like conspiracy theories urban legend
and you guys seem to be enjoying it but
another thing I love is really fucked up
facts about like death or weird crazy
accidents that have happened and my
all-time favorite is Disneyland deaths
so I thought today I would make a video
going through some of my favorite that
sounds very fucked up but it's true some
of my favorite deaths that happened to
Disneyland now before I get started I
just want to say that I mean no
disrespect to the family members of
people that have died at Disneyland or
the people I'm going to talk about I
just find it very fascinating
I find it being parks terrifying for so
many reasons I mean you have these big
terrifying roller coasters that go
hundreds of miles an hour faster than
any person should be going then you
literally put it in the hands of a
teenager who like has a million things
on his mind
he ends up pressing the wrong button and
then boom the whole fucking thing
crashes if you're dead at Disneyland
they have that big boat and they have
like a parade and there's fireworks how
many times you think a firework has gone
off and almost killed somebody probably
countless then you have all the food I
could rid of somebody could so easily
poison or you could have somebody pour
some poison or even eye drops into the
water fountain and then you take a sip
diarrhea for weeks just there's so many
possibilities to die
I just imagine like getting killed in
the bathroom of like toontown and like
why you're getting stabbed you just here
it's a small world after all yes it's a
small world as you're getting fucking
gutted too scared for me well one fact
that Disney won and it's kind of
interesting is nobody's ever technically
died there because what happens is if
somebody actually does
Disneyland they don't pronounce them
dead there they take them to a hospital
nearby and then pronounce them dead the
Vale that way the people of Disneyland
can technically say oh nobody's ever
died at Disneyland which is true because
they weren't pronounced dead there but
they definitely died here and a lot of
people have died there so here are my
top five
crazy deaths that happened at the crash
of the Big Thunder Mountain Railroad
ride in 2003 I remember this one so
vividly because I heard about it at
school and I thought it was like a myth
or an urban legend and when I went home
it was on the news and fucking freaked
me the fuck out
basically the ride is about this train
that like goes through this mountain it
goes through all these tunnels and it's
like this crazy trainer the horn is
honking it's just very intense well one
day in 2003 some employees noticed that
it was making this weird noise so they
had an inspector come to look at it he
cleared it he's like no everything is
fine
so they dispatched one of the wheels
went off the track and derailed the
whole train and it crashed a 22 year old
guy named arcella tour has got hit with
a piece of wood filled his lungs with
blood 11 other people were seriously
injured taken to hospital just imagine
like being in line for the ride and like
you're next and you're waiting you're so
fucking excited you're taking selfies
and then just gives me the chills
number two the death of Pluto so at
Disneyland you know they have all those
big parades one of the parade's had a
big pealing the pista float and in front
of the beating the beast float was a guy
in a Pluto costume he was you know
dancing around and entertaining all the
kids well he tripped got his foot stuck
underneath the wheel of the buna bees
float couldn't get it out in time and
the whole float question to death it was
38 years old his name is Javier Cruz and
he loved his job and he loved being
Pluto so at least he died doing what he
loved but very very heartbreaking sight
no Disneyland put out a statement saying
they were sorry and explaining what
happened and also saying that nobody saw
it happen no guests saw it um it's a
fucking parade I'm assuming everybody
was watching and I'm assuming everybody
was horrified
but once again I don't get sued so it's
all talk I wasn't there
and I'm really glad I wasn't number
three the death on Christmas Eve on
Christmas Eve in 1998 a bunch of people
were waiting to go on the big Columbia
ship now if you have a minute is new I
am basically it was this big ship and go
on it and go across the lake and talk
about like finding America and all that
but one of the ropes that was being
secured by this big metal cleat got
loose and the fucking metal thing flew
through the air well let being hit two
guests right in the head one of them got
sidenote and kind of creepy fact the guy
who died last name was Dawson mm-hmm
number four someone was killed by the
monorail so the monorail is basically
like a big bus that looks very
futuristic and it goes around Disneyland
and it takes you to different parts of
the park I've always been terrified of
it because I just feel like it's not
safe it's like up in the sky and it like
goes through mountains and trees and
it's just everything about it screams
accident to me well in 1966 high school
is having their grad night at Disneyland
and one of the guests too as a teenager
decided to kind of explore and he
climbed on top of the track of Mario
well security started yelling get off
get off and he of course probably
thought oh they're just mad at him
climbing on here whenever I'll get off
in a minute well he didn't know that the
monorail was coming so the security kept
yelling boom boom boom it's coming he
looks up and it's right in front of him
so he jumps down underneath the track
onto kind of like a UH like a plexiglass
thing kind of like a few inches
underneath the track unfortunately it
wasn't deep enough and the monorail
killed him
not only did it kill him it dragged his
body 40 feet before it finally let him
go look I heard about this story when I
was in Middle School and that is one of
the many reasons I didn't go to
Disneyland on grad night I just felt
like it was haunted and maybe his spirit
was there I wasn't fucking with that
also I couldn't afford it honestly and
last but definitely not least number
five the death of Deborah stone so this
story really really makes me
and I just once again want to say all
respect to the family that lost her this
is awful but something about it was so
terrifying to me and straight out of a
horror movie that I think about it a lot
so in 1974 there was a show called
America sings and it literally was only
open for like two weeks
before this happened so the show
involved these theater walls that was
like move from shows show to basically
like you know you would be with the
presidents and the whole wall would move
and then it would be like Columbus well
Deborah stone who was an 18 year old
employee at the time while she was
walking through the ride checking things
out and she got too close to one of the
moving walls she turned and the moving
wall came right for her and pinned her
up against the other wall she started
screaming people trying to come right
and help her but the walls just crushing
crushing crushing and was too late
the scariest part that ride stayed open
for like ten more years I don't know if
Disneyland was trying to keep it secret
didn't want people to know but people
found out and they were fucking freaked
the fuck out but now that ride it's gone
so there you guys go those were the
scary but interesting deaths that happen
to Disneyland and I actually have lists
from other theme parks Knott's Berry
Farm Six Flags Six Flags has had a lot
of shit go down and there is video
footage of a lot of it so if you want me
to make one of those videos let me know
by giving this video a thumb up and
leave me a comment letting me know if I
also make sure to subscribe because I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to watch some of my other
fucked-up darker videos and conspiracy
theories and urban legends I'll put the
playlist down there all right you guys I
will see you tomorrow
and remember buckle your seatbelt stay
safe I can pretend like I'm just
drinking iced tea when in reality I'm
drinking obesity oh my god obesity my
new teeth me on Instagram promoting it
have to start every morning with my
obesity every sip goes right to my hips
hashtags fat ass bitch and loving it
hashtag spa
