hey guys I just did a podcast with
freely we talked about Nana's we talked
about YouTube drama we talked about her
vagina and where it was excited oh yeah
we talked about her first time as well
and I tried the de Trinity I had some
haterade and some data raid and it got
really weird guys go check out the
podcast I'll put the link down there
sound clever comm slash she and her
friends did your phone I had so much fun
are you scared having me no way you're
the best you're good guy Thanks hey if
you guys oh my god I'm so
excited today because number one I'm
starving like sometimes when I film is
videos and not really that hungry today
I have not eat in 39 minutes and I am
ready to go also I'm gonna be eating
from one of my favorite places in the
whole entire world not because the food
is good but because the atmosphere is
good where else can you go at 2:00 a.m.
in CI schoolgirl get fingered for the
first time underneath the table a
homeless person jack off into a stuffed
animal claw machine and a prostitute
actually died literally died get her
throat slit on the table next to the
Baconator that I ate right after she
left in a body bag I licked up the blood
let's see that's I'm talking about my
girl Denny's and I have two bags this is
like a hall for the saddest guru in the
whole world carry mine today I'm gonna
be showing you a haul from cities check
out my next video which is my nightly
routine where I cry in my shower until I
pass out the first make sure hit that
subscribe button cuz I'll cry I'm gonna
last
just kiddin oh and I also got a cup uh
what is this again oh oh my god well oh
she melted I don't even know where she
went
just like a prostitute I saw die I have
no idea where they took her where do you
take her do you cremate her like you
people really want to spread those ashes
around the city like I already got to
worry about pollen and my allergies
you're gonna throw some prostitute dust
in my face like crackhead dust I can
take like I need that up what are we
talking about we're actually talking
about dead people in burying their
bodies God so hungry let's eat okay
I've so many things I'm gonna start over
here
I'm back to the Guru again what would my
name be Gretchen it'd be Gretchen all
right here we go what's first so she is
serving up a lot of confusion a lot of
different options all brown and zero
sauces Gretchen is not happy Gretchen
likes to dip and I don't see any liquids
for Gretchen to dip it all right that
time we'll just dip inside of my mouth
because I have so much saliva going on
right now it's very wet you don't
believe me
I didn't even spit I just came out all
right let's do this
first oh we got a little mozzarella
stick this is what I knew I was by five
years old mom thank you a Denny's I want
to discover myself all right here we go
let's see if these are just as good as I
remember no no it's not that bad
that's chicken wait is that even cheese
isn't it supposed to like pull apart
yeah didn't you know we or GUI Deniz
which signed off on their cup they have
a bunch of birds I'm gonna read
something for you slurp ha ha delicious
liquid guzzle inhale wash down honestly
these got all the catchphrases for my
new fad guru Gretchen hey guys don't
forget to inhale and make sure to go and
google that like button I'm trying to
hit 50,000 slurps okay I'll see you
later it's tomorrow
all right I'm gonna skip this box cuz I
know exactly what this tastes like oh my
god okay I did not know this was in the
bag this is my life this is what I came
for and this is what I stayed for
sometimes I want to leave and that this
came around and it whispered in my ear
all you gotta do it's daya this is that
the esta nacho platter now this is what
I used to get with my friends in high
school I'd be there like midnight on a
Friday night might be like hey guys you
want to split the nachos
and then everybody be like split really
you think we're gonna get our fingers
anywhere near you when you're killing
that literally trying to go for a peanut
when there's an elephant around you
don't mean it's a lot of oh thanks like
it's real gross like I literally inhale
it oh my god now I get their logo
I'm the actual Demi spokesperson okay so
first oh my God look at it this is I get
the perfect listen hard so you take
the one from the corner because she's
gonna be real
because all the liquids have fallen on
her just like the prostitute except
there wasn't liquid it was dirt they
buried her and you know went to see her
gravesite no one
okay back to Jess okay so then after you
get that perfect little chip with all
that little sauce on it then you just
want to run it across the top of the
nachos I didn't want to make a noise
that reminds you of your dog licking
itself then you're gonna want to make
that crunch noise which is going to
remind you of you when you try to lick
yourself but you accidentally bit
yourself sometimes you mistake your own
penis for a mozzarella stick it happens
and then we're just going to take that
bite oh my god I don't know why it
tastes like pizza but it does it
shouldn't and that's how it's disgusting
but I love it it's so wrong it's so bad
it's so gross I'm gonna eat all of it
hold on I need one more this is just
become a watching me eat video but let
me eat it lets me cry in the shower
later I'll watch me eat
watch me you go this way and then watch
me eat it out of trash later
oh all right let's move on before I eat
this entire thing in front of you I
don't want to do that to you you don't
do they're bad okay next 200 my god okay
I have never tried this in my whole life
and I've always wanted to but I'm just
now like a breakfast person like why am
king cakes and waffles for breakfast we
can have like a urban fries for
breakfast and they could just have
pancakes and waffles for dessert like
 off with your eggs okay I want
cheese you put on there how much bacon
you crumble up in it it's a dead
chicken I want it and then stop cuz I'm
like a vegan or something that's just
because like well I don't need SATs
except for that prostitutes debate she
was real good which was perfectly
convenient as a she was laid out on my
table dead there was a snake nap because
I got moves over my hammy and I just
took that knife and I just ripped that
stomach open and I was like it's a girl
got some rage for dipping as a happy
Gretchen let's see okay so this is the
Grand Slam which I don't know what that
means I'm not a sports but I'm hoping
this is going to be a touchdown and
hopefully not a home run to the toilet
to get rid of it quickly let's do this
okay so I think it's a sandwich with
eggs but I'm gonna give it a try there's
also ham and cheese and bacon and butter
and
that looks like a little powdered sugar
on the side they didn't even do that but
thanks for doing that Deniz get a real
close look at that that actually does
not look too good don't get that close
that's why you always kiss people in the
dark okay let's get biting first of all
oh that seems like poverty and I've been
there that's it's like government cheese
government ham mixed with school lunch
and scored with nipple juice now I know
a lot of you guys really Shane what is
nipple juice don't ask
some people produce it I'm one of them
and it's a struggle I'll make my coming
out video about it later
this is gross also what are they fries
with this I feel like a Bunica breakfast
why are you going fries but also if
you're gonna go to Denny's for breakfast
kill yourself haha okay yeah but kill
yourself like you're gonna start your
day off like that girl like nobody goes
to Denny's before like 10 p.m.
anybody that's in Denny's before 10 p.m.
honestly that's the saddest thing I've
ever heard in my life and that's coming
from me the saddest person you've ever
met in your life next food oh my god oh
that was awful
I'm sorry I literally turn into the
elephant again and I wasn't even trying
oh my god
these are the Reese's Peanut
Butter Cup panties that I've wanted to
try forever but I'm too embarrassed to
order them I feel like when you're at
Denny's
there's like a few things you can order
like if you're over the age of five or
you're not a homeless person who just
got given $10 you can't order this like
that's too sad so like me I'll be like
can I beat the Reese's be actually know
what um I'll get a chicken salad and
we'll split the nachos when in reality
I'm like giving those damn pancakes
bitch promise stab you in the neck
why am i so violent today today me
everyday I'm just kidding I killed
somebody yesterday let's eat I'm asleep
it's like a taco cuz I feel like you
know like my leave you because you're a
human with self-respect nope
wait sorry I was real good and then I
got about or attended okay it's fine to
Apple bra jejudo it's good now I'm not
gonna lie about that grossed me
out
it really did taste like a bug but
everything else is good oh my god
literally everybody to family function
when I try to cook something oh my god
Shane this is so good I mean the bone
part was like gross and there
was like a hair in the middle of Italy
ever I mean
yelling it whoa there's something
underneath look at that little
surprise ha ha ha well that's a sad
surprise that's like when people wrap
your gift in a box that is not your gift
like oh my god a MacBook Air
oh it's a book no I love books
yeah definitely better than a MacBook
Air that's exactly what this is my
 old ass eggs and bacon next okay
last but not least we have dessert now I
am kind of nervous about this this is a
bacon maple sundae I trust debbie is
from a lot of things this is not one of
them neither is clean bathrooms and not
catching crabs but like everything else
I trust them I'm really anxious like
there's little pieces of bacon in it
hold on like they're serving us that you
know I mean what can you see the little
chunks of bacon fat it's like a serial
killers McFlurry and I'm just not
excited about it but I'm gonna give her
a try here we go let's slurp it up
though I like the way she hangs okay all
right all right I don't know what's more
sad the fact that I like this or the
fact that somebody thought up this both
are very sad but either way I'm gonna
drink oh okay like this is breakfast do
you know what I mean dummies he'll give
me the ham eggs bacon unless you put it
into a milkshake I can drink it on the
go I can dip fries in it I can pretend
like I'm just drinking iced tea when in
reality I'm drinking obesity oh my god
obesity my new teeth me on Instagram
promoting it have to start every morning
with my obesity every sip goes right
kids hashtag fat-ass bitch and loving it
hashtag spell boy you guys go that was
me trying a bunch of from daddies
some of it actually made me angry and
confused but I like feeling emotions
especially if you're covered in genes
hopefully giving of this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to watch more videos of me eating mere
foods from different places there's a
playlist right down there
aren't you guys I will see you little
slurps tomorrow this is the dreams of
mayo I've got so many bottles where I
got all my friends oh my god oh my god
oh my god I'm gonna come I'm gonna call
me your common whore box on the
bus
