hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck news on a pedestrian
apparently last week was international
send a new day I probably would have
sent two nude but why do that when you
could just look up the dictionary
definition of disappointing and read
about them instead but I like some of
the best tweets from international send
a new day we have this sexy pic god damn
that xiphoid process though damn girl
you've got a nice femur if you thought
that was awesome look at these nudes oh
baby and then finally this one good god
well you know I'm just glad that Miley
Cyrus decided to celebrate International
send a new day as well Oh Internet
sometimes I love you but this was about
news we talked about the super strange
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
want to talk about today is boobs
titties t-tops dr. steely pops wait no
that's a Pokemon and boobs have been in
the news last week after a man got
breast implants because his friend bet
him 100 thousand dollars that he
wouldn't do it name is Brian and these
are my hundred thousand dollar boobs Wow
this guy's got balls and boobs but early
be 55 year old Brian Xebec who was
recently featured on an episode of
botched was an avid gambler and was
known as someone who could not refuse a
bet according to Brian though he's had
his breast implants since 1996 as his
friend agreed to pay him ten thousand
dollars for each year that he kept it
it's guys like the epitome of that one
friend that you have that you say
something completely unserious to but
they take it seriously like god that
chicks hot dude you should totally tell
her how much you want to bang her okay
hey we're like God fuck that God no one
beats me at Call of Duty dude we should
go and kill this guy for real
okay let's go oh my god dude I was
joking
oh so so was i but this is a perfect
example of one of those situations where
you just have to ask yourself is it
really worth it I mean honestly for
$100,000 would you personally get breast
implants if you were a guy I always find
it funny that as a person we always set
those boundaries of things we would
never do like I would never suck another
man's penis nope doesn't matter who it
is I just wouldn't do it
for 10 million dollars of penis well
good news looks like I now suck penises
for a living but you have to live with
something permanently on your body for
the rest of your life who would do that
for two million dollars a year done
morals I'll set by an aside for the
right
money and high def price point we all
become prostitutes did more boob what
the fuck news a woman has recently
kicked out of her gym for wearing an
outfit that was too inappropriate for a
gym and you're probably asking what
could she be wearing to get kicked out a
strap-on dildo above that what nope
turns out that the outfit that was too
inappropriate for a gym was this um what
with the Ottawa Canada resident
Genevieve akio apparently called out the
gym on their discrimination asking why
she was singled out when literally every
other woman in there including the women
on the official website wearing the
exact same thing in response the female
employee that called her out to begin
with said it doesn't matter do to your
chest ID you're not allowed to be in
here voyage she got kicked out for
having too big boobs what the fuck and
for the guys that are watching the show
and her wondering just how big of
titties are we talking the answer is
pretty fucking big but definitely not
big enough to get kicked out of a gym
for them but what did they think she was
trying to do that was so horrible that
they had to kick her out it's not like
she went to the gym it was purposefully
flaunting that like hey Mike Mike tini
I'm just trying to work out I'm Barry
look at my boob Oh mrs. Vaako goes on to
say in her Facebook post that isn't cher
now over 6,000 times I felt humiliated I
was made to feel uncomfortable I feel
degraded and as a shame business lady
feels I feel like the situation would be
a lot different if it was a guy like sir
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave what
why the penis is way too big for those
shorts sir oh okay sorry got an enormous
dick I guess that believable see you
guys like a guy would gladly get kicked
out of a gym because his dick was too
big especially be a dude workout friends
and even go with that were like hey man
I'm gonna go to the gym you want to go
ooh sorry can't got kicked out perfect
way too big of a dick but you go have
fun
Plus what about news I'm talking about
people pooping in weird places from the
guy who pooped in the middle of a bank
to the lady that pooped in a subway and
threw it all over the store but we now
have a new contender for my new
prestigious award people who shit in
weird places and this week that goes to
the man who went into a grocery store
and decided it was a good idea to take a
shit on the self-checkout machine
how's that for an unidentified item in
the bagging area don't worry you don't
have to make a comment sometimes I want
to kill me too I like to leave out the
23 year old Colin Murphy from Cincinnati
Ohio came into the grocery store drunk
started stripping down in front of the
self checkout Lane and
proceeded to shit all over it this
actually pains me because I love the
self-checkout lane because the least
amount of human interaction I can get
the better plus it's always awkward you
go through the line with condoms Funyuns
and peanut butter the checkout lady says
something like fun night ahead of you
huh shut the fuck up also where were the
employees during this don't they usually
have security officers specifically for
these kind of situations or was he there
but like hey sir what are you doing I
would take a shit on this here machine
Oh sir stop stop huh no no stop it
anyways Murphy's been arrested and
charged with disorderly conduct and
public indecency that is it for this
episode of what the fuck new my question
of the day for you guys is what would
you do for 1 million dollars actually
scratch that what wouldn't you do for 1
billion dollars let me know in the
comments down below all of the day's
stories as always in the description
down below as well as all my links
supposed to be for you guys go give me a
lot of games on my twitch channels if
you want to check those out the link
will be right here or you can check it
out in the description down below pretty
sure the next game I'm playing is
outlast and everyone tells me that I'm a
fucking terrifying game and I just do
not do well with terrifying games so so
check that out if you want to see me
shit my pants
that being said guys I will see you next
time for another what the fuck news
thanks for watching and favor with
