hey these are the guys I am so fucking
excited right now for so many reasons
number one I love ranch I love it so
much Mike if I was giving a blood
transfusion and they're like I'm sorry
we're all out of love I'd be like that's
chili you got some Reyes I could survive
on it I could read it like if they also
ran out of oxygen that's fine give me
ranch every restaurant I go to I get a
side of ranch and she's good factory be
giving you that gravy boat a branch i
drinking with a straw
don't believe me here's proof that's
real I drink ranch with a straw get on
my level my valiant hidden bitches alpha
everybody to see which is why today I
decided to try something that I had
wanted to try for years okay so let me
explain when I was 18 and I lost all
that weight I really wanted to throw
like a goal weight party most kids were
you know throwing crazy ragers with like
tigers and like coke I was like oh my
god I could have the grande milk full
pizza for me the hut my three friends
and a fucking ranch mountain now they
don't sell a ranch town but they do sell
chocolate families which I feel like
could work I look this up on the
internet I don't think people have done
this and if they have my spirit animal
so I went out I bought a fucking
chocolate fountain and here she is ready
to be ranged so we're gonna try this
together I'm really nervous I feel like
something bad could happen because this
involves heat which I didn't know so
like it might heat up the ranch which
does not sound very good but if we did
it fast enough it'll be fine I trust me
we will so I guess first things first we
plug this thing in oh and by the way I
got a lot of things for dipping but
we'll get to that I love our
relationship yeah you know maybe like
we're each other's fat friends like
usually there's only like one fat friend
but like with us there's a lot more than
that all right here we go
logging her in okay I guess we turn it
to this one oh my god wait what's
happening
is it working I think it's working
there's noise okay so now let's pour in
a ridge oh my god oh my god let's get it
closer
they're got good at this works oh my god
imagine how much more fun a sound that
could be unless salad I mean pizza and
fries right here we got I don't know you
just put in here it's making noises this
could be the worst idea anybody's ever
had Oh God okay it's moving do you see
that okay she's wiggling a lot he's
under a lot of stress right now okay so
that's one bottle down oh my god oh my
god it's fucking working holding on it's
coming it's coming okay you guys can you
see it look oh my God look at that oh
this must be what it's like when you're
a firefighter you had a plan of fire
you're just like I need to all oh my god
oh my god and I still two more bottles
left this one's already been open oh my
god
one more bottle a little bit of a blow
this bitch oh my god it sounds like a
pop star and I think our records in
these parties this is what I have
Rihanna would never catch up oh my god
okay what do we do time to put food in
it okay when we did first obviously
pizza okay so this piece already is a
bite missing cuz hi your fat friend so
here we go oh my god all of my dreams
let's get a close-up hello oh my god Oh
little drips little drips oh my god this
is too much oh my eye
have this forever oh I mean you know
gonna be bomb first of all that's damn
damn pizza
so I gonna fuckin ranch nothing can fix
anything you never all you need a range
value hi I'm dr. Shane writing your
prescription okay and just take one of
these every single day and you'll be
good okay what a minute
oh just a simple little ruffle all right
here we go oh my god she drowned she
drown it Oh mom okay what's next
ooh tough full Bucky's spicy chicken
sandwich bitch
and this one also has a bite missing
it's my party I could buy it if I wants
it and I'm gonna oh my god okay let's do
this oh okay I mean some might say
that's a little much but that wouldn't
be me itself this is the best party I've
ever been through and they only want by
the way if I wouldn't have this that my
actual goal a party I would have gained
all my way back that night okay now it's
time to flip this shit on its head we're
gonna do something crazy off you thought
it couldn't get crazy you thought they
couldn't get more delicious than a ranch
county or what if we add in a little
chill ooh that's right we're about this
finding a bounty now I don't know if
there's gonna work I don't know if it's
gonna turn the whole thing a weird pink
color Clark it'll make like little
beautiful little highlights or lowlights
Midlands Twilight's what happened to
Taylor Lautner is he okay he would love
this all right let's do this
oh my god hello oh my god oh my god she
needs to see this okay that just took it
to the next damn level Oh cuz I don't
know what to say other than I'm a
fucking genius but we should be healthy
so I have here just a piece of grilled
chicken so you know we need to make sure
that we do have healthy options now
let's put it inside of this cascading
down to branch
ah
mmm all right I can almost pissed myself
getting skinnier go away here I come
what I gotta go that was me really
living a lifelong dream and I'm so happy
you were here for it I'm happy we
experienced it together and let's not
tell anybody about it let's keep this a
little secret
cause like I'm ashamed and embarrassed
and I'm also thinking of other things I
could put in this town leaders are
comments what do you want cheese
sriracha basically anything but
chocolate hopefully this video thumbs up
and subscribe because I'm gonna do
several day and I will see you little
Ridge Mountains to do oh that won't
taste real good
tomorrow oh my god I feel like I work in
a fancy restaurant oh oh my god it's
really on fire oh my god there's smoke
detectors it's bad that I don't know
that Oh
