hey if you guys really quick before this
video starts I'm so fucking excited cuz
I gotta tell you guys where I'm going on
my book tour so first on July 19th which
is my birthday I will be in Houston
Texas so you guys better fucking come
cuz if you don't come that's gonna be
the worst birthday ever and I've had
some bad birthdays my dad stuck my head
in a toilet full of shit once it was
good I learned from it then on Thursday
July 21st I'm going to Orlando Florida
Friday July 22nd I'm going to
Minneapolis Sunday July 24th I'm going
to Chicago Monday July 25th I'm going to
Cincinnati Ohio Wednesday July 27th I'm
going to New York and Friday July 29th
I'm going to San Francisco so please
please please RSVP go to the website
I'll put the link down there or go to
the Facebook pages of all these places
and click that you are coming because
that lets me know that there's gonna be
people there and I'm not going to show
up and it's gonna be empty and I'm gonna
want to die and I just really want to
see you guys and give you all fuckin
hugs and it just ah and the more people
that RSVP hopefully that'll show them
that you guys want me and I can go to
more places alright you guys I love you
enjoy the rest of video hey Debbie guys
yes today is going to be a dumb fucking
video and I know I've said a lot of dumb
videos before almost every day but this
one in particular is extra fucking dumb
because we're gonna be trying some life
hacks now I tried a lot of beauty hacks
and failed it most of them and I was
like you know I'm gonna take a little
break from Beauty hacks and I want to
try some life hacks because my life is
so complicated you know how hard it is
to not masturbate all day like
impossible like a lot of work okay so I
have a list here of hats and I'm going
to try them out I found these all on the
internet these are real somebody
actually put these out into the world so
let's see they walk number one you can
start a fire using Doritos okay this one
is actually exciting to me because I
used to go camping a lot that's a lie by
camping I mean I have a fire pit and I'm
too lazy to go find a place to buy wood
and I always have to read those handy so
like if I could just use those to start
the fire and the smell would be great
and then I can fucking eat the ashes
with my fingers which by the way you're
not allowed to do when it's people my
grandma would get so mad at me but is
not my fault
grandma is just salty let's get flaming
alright so I have a plate here which was
my lunch and we're just gonna pour some
drink oh my god oh my god you ever smell
something I just get so many memories
like I've been have you witnessed a
murder and you smell blood you'd be like
murder like when I smell Doritos I just
remember the last time I murdered a bag
of Doritos and also the last time I
murdered person I loved eating Doritos
after I do that
okay we're gonna put them on the plate
and I guess we're just going to light
them on fire this seems dangerous let's
do it
oh my god oh I'm nervous boo there's so
much dust on them I just love looking
out there god oh my god fuck traitors
are good all right here we go oh my god
oh my god oh my god all right here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god ah it's on
fire look lit wait can we get the whole
fucking plate on fire wait before we do
that I want to try it oh fuck oh my god
food hack burning Doritos tastes like
nachos and also the bottom of a candle
yeah alright nevermind don't do that all
right let's light all of them up not
enough of Doritos Oh fire oh my God look
how much fire there is oh my God look at
it it's like a campfire in my hand this
could go so bad
oh my god if I drop this by balls Wow
listen to it hear that oh my god I feel
like I work at a fancy restaurant
oh my god it's really required oh my god
my smoke detectors it's bad that I don't
know that oh okay
I almost burned down my house but it
doesn't matter we did it first half done
hack number two cutting onions while
you're chewing gum supposedly makes you
not cry okay so I have an onion I have
my gum I can't find my butcher knife
which isn't good so I'm gonna be using
scissors
alright so let's put the gum in
peppermint flavor I don't know flavor
matters I hate you and gum by the way
like it doesn't bother me when somebody
chews gum but for me all it does is
remind me of eating food and then it
reminds me that I'm not eating food and
I just want to believe food
I don't need gum to do that I already
have everything else about me that does
that you should be eating food right now
Shane says every part of my body I'll
start cutting the onion right here we go
I'm nervous I really don't want to cry
in front of you guys like I don't want
to be that vulnerable like I've never
cried on YouTube before and like I'm not
about to start yeah I'm a big ol bitch
all right here we go it's fucking and
Satan can you imagine hey guys welcome
to my new cooking show if I ever get
that crazy stop watching don't enable
this although knowing you guys you'd be
like oh my god make a giant onion cake
it's a good idea oh my god an onion ring
cake stop watching okay
I'm not crying I'm just being the most
annoying person the whole fucking world
here let's get it closed up it's working
nothing's happening or I just have no
emotions which is true guys another
fucking hack work my florist covered in
onions all right now let's try without
gamma t for work I'm crying
that realization that I finally have
emotions do you think this is how they
good actress to cry movies like you
think this is what like Jennifer
Lawrence does and action Peeta you can't
leave me I love you but Jennifer our
name in the movie I have to go I'm going
to war I don't know the moves about no
you can't leave Oh what are you doing
huh oh uh just making onion dip
for all the peasants I really don't know
the movies about that's act you guys
can't see what just happened but a
disaster all right the next hack is can
you charge your iPhone with an actual
Apple spoiler alert
no I could just imagine so many kids
doing this as a science fair project and
so many teachers going at this for fail
and at this for fucking Kelly
now also it's teachers appreciation day
tomorrow and I love targets so I'm
expecting gift cards here's our Apple
and here is our phone cord which took me
eight hours to find and here is my phone
let's see if there's any notifications
no there's not
you ever get notifications for something
like shitty game on your phone and
forgot you downloaded and then you see
the notification if I your friends
you're like oh sorry let me just check
my oh wow that's fucking crazy I'll
write her back later um Shane not said
talking tom that's a talking cat that's
an app for children you don't know me
neither his talking tom which is why
he's not texting you that's a
notification from the app for your money
I gotta go let's leave a charges is a
first where where to put the cord in the
phone and now we want to see what
happens okay here we go I'm actually
nervous I feel like if this does work my
mind will actually explode all right
here we go one two three well okay okay
maybe you have to like rub it you know
like get all the juices going
slap a little bit really get it in there
no nothing is working huh did I just
make apple pie
No who thought this would work
has this ever worked on the same school
walk around this and scare the shit out
of people we got a Mophie that's cute I
can charge my phone and charge my body I
forgot I'm living on fire next time all
right this next one that makes zero
sense I don't understand it but it was
on the internet and that is to put
toothpaste on your hot dog and
supposedly it pays good ooh well step
one don't get a hot dog from 7-eleven oh
my god not only does it actually look
like an old dick there's like a vein
running up the side it's very realistic
all right let's throw in some crest yeah
this is what I would do by the way to
ruin food like if I don't want to eat
the rest of something isn't like a
restaurant there's like all the food in
front of me and I'm like if it's in
front of me I'll eat it and then
growth the table I'll be like hey give
me like lotion or hand sanitizer
basically anything toxic
oh sure here you go thanks never eating
that again but that's an eating disorder
hack we'll do a whole video on those
let's eat this hot dog oh my god oh my
god oh the smell of it all the hot dog
if that's what we can call you mix with
the toothpaste oh my god alright I'm
just gonna pretend like it's ranch all
right okay almost do it ha ha oh my god
oh my god I can't stop shaking that was
awful but like now my mouth he's like I
just brushed my teeth so I'm not that
pressed out until I find a chunk of hot
dog in my molar yeah oh I don't know who
do that nothing about that was right
yeah that's like if they made a hot dog
flavored gum which honestly they
probably do they already make like
birthday cake pickle I'm just sitting
here waiting for the toenail don't act
like you don't rip your toenails off
while you watching Jane the virgin on
Hulu and put them in your mouth for
chili cuz it bitches that's what I call
a fry a neck sad ok this is making
homemade speakers so basically you take
one of these Solo cups and you cut it in
half oh did you guys ever used to make
phones out of these and your kids but
you'd have like one cup of the string
then another cup of this string and then
you'd like throw it out your window to
your friend and then you remember you
don't have friends and then some
homeless guy walks by picks up the cup
of peas in it anyways alright here's our
speakers and they grab my laptop all
right so we got to find something to
play all right so I have obviously
literally my life because honestly I
needed to be louder
but first let's play it without the
speakers
okay that's what it wasn't at it now
let's put the cups over the speakers on
the sides right here and supposedly it
makes it louder let's see it's water
what it works I think maybe it didn't oh
my god my fucking cup is fucking a
matching with her aesthetic and I'm
dying
fucking fiending themed fucking day
basically I don't know what any of those
things mean but hats successful and last
but not least we are going to do water
bottle shoes now I don't drink water so
I have two empty bottles of diet aw root
beer so what you do is you empty the
bottles which was the easiest part you
take them and you step on them and I
guess you put your feet inside of the
plastic now I'm living for this look
like honestly I know I wasn't invited to
the Met Gala but I am been going on my
fucking book tour and I am gonna be
rolling up in these alright put these on
our feet
alright here we go oh hey legs oh yeah
look at those gross feet let's like not
talk about my toenails remember the ones
I told you I rip off and chew yep that's
them
hey fresh he just he step on them she
got a big old foot okay so now we just
slip our feet oh my god this might work
Oh oh my god out out hurts pain is
beauty oh my god this is like my virgin
Cinderella story
I found this crushed up NW would be a
bottle I'm looking for the princess it
allows to now be me I mean you know like
I can't get my full foot in it but like
it's a look oh wow
let's try this one oh yeah this is gonna
work oh my god oh my god fucking Queen a
fashion yes bitch yes strike a pose
you're the one oh my god gasps stop the
runway and make it work oh my god I love
this it works
well there you guys go those are all my
dumb life hacks for today and honest
I love my new fucking shoe I was trippin
I'm fucking a living for it and I'm just
honestly really proud like I succeeded
at so many things today
yeah I'm just like Steve Jobs all right
you guys if you want more dumb WyoTech
videos make sure to give me a thumbs up
so I know also subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and I'll see
you little life hacks tomorrow back and
he proposed are you fucking kidding they
fooling everybody in front of like a
bunch of man what does this it me I mean
I'm only gonna say no in front of a
bunch of bandits so mean so I just
played a lot girls like yeah yeah that
can be like legally binding in certain
states maybe but you know there as far
as what
