hey what's up you guys okay I have to be
really quiet because Garret is in the
other room and he has no idea what I'm
planning so I'm told him that today we
were just gonna do a dumb makeover video
and I was gonna like give him some new
clothes and it would be funny but the
secret is I actually have a blind date
coming over to my house tonight after
the makeover and he has no idea so
Garrett has been single for so long and
he always gets matches on the apps but
he never actually follows through with
them so I decided to take his phone when
he wasn't looking
I talked to one of the matches that he
matched a long time ago and never talked
to you and I told him to come over
tonight so I really hope this works out
this is genuine this isn't fake like I
genuinely want this to work out so it's
not really a makeover it's more me
getting Garrett ready for a date that he
doesn't know is happening and he's
probably gonna be pissed and don't want
to be friends anymore let's do it yes
today I'm going to be fixing him no I
don't need to be fixed
maybe just a touch here's the thing I
think you do have oh my god what am i
doing can I leave or are you gonna say
like the bones of something salvageable
you have something it's like Jurassic
Park where he's like dusting off all the
fossils and he's like I see something
big Oh big no you do have something here
it's just hidden in like rags you know
okay I don't want you Disney but you're
like what's the princess who's like
homeless and then the rats come and make
her dress and happily yes you are the
homeless Disney Princess and we're gonna
turn you into the Beast
oh he's handsome I want to be same okay
so before I show you my inspiration for
this makeover I asked you to bring some
of your favorite go-to clothes so that I
can critique them so I did wear my
favorite shirt which is my PlayStation
shirt remember how we talked a lot about
why you're single
the reason is this shirt when you have a
pig on your shirt it's available now
Dotson okay oh wow this is one of my
favorites so I got you this shirt it has
lobsters on it this was back when I had
no idea what I was doing about Shane
is this weird I brought my favorite
underwear it's clean I just washed it
now looks like something you would take
a selfie I'm in the mirror like perch
your little you're welcome
oh this is my favorite I just bought
this shirt and I really I'm sorry you
don't wanna I can't stop and then I
brought these pants because well I just
like orange rust orange is one of my
favorite colors that's Brad that's
chocolate brown I like earthy tones we
have a lot of work to do I was not
expecting this much let me grab my phone
okay here's my inspiration so you have
to trust me okay I'm good here what are
you doing you're not putting me in this
I'd rather die hear me out what I like
about this look is the confidence which
I don't have that next okay sorry that
was a joke but this next one is real
hear me out I'm not sure so I'm looking
for something that's a spice of color
and just like a smidge of I'm the most
annoying person in the world now this is
for your hair can I see it oh I've been
wearing hats a lot lately because I just
cut my hair really short nuts in that
face did you cut it yourself well Shane
I do it up and it's kind of nice your
hair's not bad but we need to figure out
something to do with it so I was
thinking an updo some kind of gel some
kind of messy but still together me I
think we can do that no no I think we
can do that okay now this is something
I've never seen you do oh and I know
you're gonna be scared what's up little
man
hold it oh I hate this one what is this
we're gonna do jeans no no no I look
like I'm gonna do G oh no no I look like
a mom are they doing jeans I seriously
look like a mom going through Costco
going we're doing jeans you have to
trust me you're gonna see you're gonna
be like oh that's what your thighs are
collecting jeans I literally look to her
oh god I hate what you're about to say
did you look up like pants for people
with big bags
okay now this was my final inspirational
pick this could be for you know
potential business meeting or
in some weird scenario where that
happens oh I mean I get it that makes
sense are they out the glasses for a
basic glasses the hair blazer is live on
Instagram wait stop the video stop the
video
she froze oh my god Tessa Brooks might
be my fashion inspiration for you
colorful jeans glasses the competition's
not gonna be here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna go to some stores I'm going
to pick out some clothes I'm gonna oh I
can't even do that with myself we're
going to help you I guess we are we do
not like our bodies as much as each
other
so that's something Wow say that at my
funeral let's go to the zoo
you're scared aren't you yeah Kevin okay
we're in the car hi cameraman okay so
we're driving to the stores that are
very very moody and fancy we're gonna
drive right past them and go to Goodwill
okay I'm thinking we're gonna try our
best because I feel like there we can
get you some kind of cool jacket some
kind of cool sweater maybe a pin there's
a store over here I think that has all
jeans
Jane what about skinny jeans oh please
it looks like upside-down bowling pins
it's so weird I can't describe it
you really did just now and it was
perfect she goes that's written right
there's a girl right there should we
pretend like we're an invert what do you
mean I don't know well oh my god hi
we're your uber does she leave me though
she's running oh she's scared she
thought I was david dobrik and then she
saw my fat neck
hear me out I don't need this it's
colorful it's a song if I were this I'd
look like someone's aunt named Becky
Ambika kills it on Full House and fuller
house don't drag I mean it is jeans
technically
you pretty serious
I'm gonna be single forever that's
actually I mean I'm kind of into it I'm
gonna look like an adult French which is
what I really you know anyone speak
those words to turn around if I know
like this right here oh my god sorry
okay I'll think about it why are you
yeah we have a lot of work to do little
youtuber but that's not me maybe your
book is inside of this one do they
really not have my book
we're leaving I'm not giving them a
business one out of here
you Bourbon like two books both New York
Times bestsellers you know what I'm
gonna fix this didn't do that mini here
okay I'm gonna go to that book table I'm
gonna cover every single one know how
many did you buy enough to put me back
on the New York Times list okay here's
what's gonna happen a kid's gonna see it
go
I love Shane and then take it up to the
red shirt they're gonna bring it up and
say we don't sell this what's going on
they're gonna call they're gonna say
urban why don't we sell this book but
it's here it's confusing and then urban
thing is like oh wow people want this
book and they're gonna order a million
of them right or they're just gonna
throw them away say why are these here
yeah though the actual garbage
all right let's have some options I
don't let my friend that much did the
pants fit well yes but only because
they're missing a button I mean yeah but
she bought broken up with and she has a
new life I'm like attractive in like an
obtainable like yeah I get kind of dated
sort of way that's what we need okay I
have a lot of what's still to do and
Devon's coming over do your hair and
makeup we want to hire up hey what do
you mean they're worried about it see
later lady this is my inspiration for
your makeover just like this song your
look might get a lot of dislikes but I
like it come in tip-top my what like
nectar guys Devin's bad okay so are you
ready for your biggest challenge yet I'm
ready
okay I'm gonna show you my vision okay
what we're going for
who is he yeah like the push back wet by
not sweaty as far as face should we
shave him it's a makeup on on definitely
put some makeup on
take off your glasses you look the same
as weird oh yeah I can tell me glasses
no facial hair hair swoop up and then
we're gonna burn this and go team
wait I have to pee can I be okay
there's no time for that what you mean
nothing you wanted out here do you want
like a song
I just want like it's like a pow look at
that what do you see ask me a family
member for like circa 2006 right there
oh my god hangover breath uh night down
next we're gonna do a neck tattoo oh
I'll do this oh my god they always find
each other the Harry Potter you always
find each other
it looks good right I actually think I
was just wait till you see his clothes
what's the look the look is I might have
gotten you pregnant
here's 50 bucks to get rid of it so
we're going for straight oh I can drink
whiskey like Oh girls right the two
straight guys still have more work to do
okay so now that way if you're here to
make up time it's time for you to go in
the other room your way are you close
oh my god okay big reveal bigger meal
don't come on get in here this is big
hold on and we're getting the crew
together oh okay we lost a squad member
okay Gary
big reveal wait can you acquire the
rights to that song that's like kiss me
welcome oh no but I can get Tana mojo so
good oh my god sit down I just want like
a natural like oh my god it's like
you're at the movies
oh cool ooh am i watching Oh No lay back
you don't care that much about the movie
don't even give a damn oh my hey someone
get me a soda this is crazy
you look so different yeah I think I'm
in the presence of a different person
I'm actually okay really quick let's
show you how you look in the mirror come
on why do you have a mirror thought you
wanted those for this one oh you look
good who does this who is this guy what
do i do honey that's a pun I think I
should be like a stylist came back look
how excited she Joe is he's freaking out
he's Chuck cheeto you sure he's gonna
attack me okay you know what this needs
me
Hey
I'm good
organized go that is a new and improved
Garrett watts not that he wasn't perfect
before oh yeah you know I love you this
is really fun thank you so much Devon
for helping my boy all right you guys
make sure to go what are you doing
pretty much a bullet I'm trying to film
also you might want to put that Chipotle
down why because I have other dinner
plans for you
I might have set up a blind date without
you knowing it and he might be on his
way he might be here in ten minutes yeah
this wasn't a makeover this is just
giving you ready for your date tonight
my boys are shaking some nervous you're
kidding right okay listen I know you're
scared this is some listen I had to take
into my own hands you never go out
you're never on dates I feel like you
need somebody you're a good guy and
you're attractive anyway this is like a
friend like a friend of yours and Rylan
just like I tried out really cool I did
google him he's fine he's not crazy I
don't remember his name
we're doing it here at my house oh my
god what's gonna happen I don't know
it's not like a date setting I guess
we'll wait and find out I know seriously
he's on his way so I'm gonna set up I
need to change I need to get the table
ready there's a lot that needs to happen
you just don't change I don't even know
what to say I'm actually kind of scared
to I literally don't remember his name I
think you'll be there you'll be there
and I'll be there
what's the first thing you're gonna say
I this is not gonna go well you need
somebody be on my own that I would like
to fucking down
