let's talk about your fan hug Jessa's a
fan oh my god really you're so great
yeah so let's see what your go-to hug I
got knocked over you get mauled Oh see
it's so cute when she de if I did that
it would be very creepy hey what's up
you guys yes today is another time for
some conspiracy theories so today we're
gonna be talking about one of the most
famous conspiracy theories there is I've
been obsessed with this one since I was
a kid it really is kind of what got me
into conspiracy theories in the first
place
and that is the theory that we never
landed on the moon it was all fake so as
we know it Buzz Aldrin and Neil
Armstrong landed on the moon for the
first time in 1969 and the whole thing
was televised so all of America could
see but because it was televised a lot
of people started noticing things that
didn't quite make sense and that's how
the conspiracy theories started so why
would the moon landing be faked so back
in the day America really wanted to get
to the moon first they wanted to need
all the other countries but technically
they didn't really have the technology
to quite do that yet so instead they
created it on a soundstage and they
filmed it and they were like hey guess
what we were here first
and here's some of the reasons why
people think is fake number one when
they put the American flag in the moon
the flag started waving but on the moon
there's no air in the atmosphere so
there's no wind so technically the flag
would not fucking wave but it was waving
as if there was air check it out
um hello that was fucking air that was
wind that was an air conditioner from
the set well when people sort of
question this NASA was like oh because
like the flag was rolled up and crumpled
and stuff when they unrolled it it was
just like going back to its original
shape no bitch it was waving but that's
not the only piece of evidence there's a
lot more number two where the fuck are
the stars um if you're standing on the
moon and you're in the middle of outer
space wouldn't you be fucking surrounded
by stars I mean shit when you're in LA
and there's like no smog that day or
when you're in New York and all the
lights go out look up in the sky and you
see stars and those are in overly
populated small key areas if you're in
fucking outer space you should literally
be in the number one place to see stars
not total blackness which is what you
saw just look at the footage again
no stars I don't know to me that looks
like a soundstage with like a big black
curtain but number three the sea rock
now the sea rock is famous because it is
a rock that was in a picture of the moon
landing and there's a sea carved in it
now if this was just a random rock in
outer space there would not be a
perfectly carved or written sea unless
there was aliens there and they randomly
had a sharpie and they're like let me
tag this but what a lot of people think
is that it was actually a prop you know
just like you'd see on a movie set and
they lettered them and numbered all the
rocks to make sure they were the right
place so like the sea rock goes over the
sea
well a set decorator must have
accidentally forgot to turn the rock
upside down and that's why you can see
the scene but the rock wasn't the only
thing that people saw that made them
think it was a movie set if you look
really closely in the reflection of one
of the astronauts helmet you can see a
stage light hanging in front of it yeah
that's not a spaceship that's not some
UFO or an alien shuttle that's a stage
light and back in the 60s they didn't
have the technology to like CGI it out
you know like they were literally
probably on just some shitty soundstage
and just like trying to make sure you
look real speaking of stage lights
there's another piece of evidence that
involves them now if you're on the moon
the Sun is like literally directly
hitting you so that would make every
shadow go a certain way for example the
light is hitting me right here right
my shadows going behind me my hand
shadows going behind me but if there was
a light up here and this light it would
make some shadows go behind me and some
go in front of me it would just make all
the shadows go everywhere well that's
what started happening during the moon
landing look at these pictures the
shadows are going in all different ways
which means they're not coming from the
Sun they're coming from lights lights
lights everywhere it's so creepy to
think about just imagine like you're in
the 60s you're so excited everybody's
huddled around the TV you're watching
what you think is somebody landing on
the moon for the first time I'm putting
the flag in and then years later you
find out none of it was real it was all
bullshit once again it's a theory I
don't to get sued or put in jail but I
mean all the evidence is not looking
good another thing people noticed was
that when the craft landed there was
literally like no Craner there was no
dust everywhere it literally landed just
perfectly well scientists have said that
if you land something on the moon it
would literally go push and like create
a crater and it would just like create a
huge space none of that happened which
even more so looks like they just set it
on there and the last piece of evidence
is what really creeps me out just
thinking about it
so obviously this was a set and it
wasn't real then they must have been on
wires and then you know weren't really
anti-gravity they were just pretending
well some of the footage of the moon
landing and other moon landings has been
looked at and people are claiming that
they can see the wires take a look
I don't know it just creeps me out so
much and it's not a shock because the
government fakes so much shit I mean
we've talked about you know 9/11 we've
talked about crisis actors why wouldn't
the moon landing me fake you know why
wouldn't we fake that just to win over
other countries it makes you wonder how
we ever actually been to the moon what
if the moon is a hologram what if it's
not real who the fuck knows ooh what if
the moon is a hologram and is controlled
by the aliens stay with me and the
aliens are like fuck people have figured
out it's a hologram hey guys you need to
make it look like you landed on the moon
we'll help you out
here's some money go get a sound studio
maybe the aliens are in control of all
of it oh that's a little crazy not as
crazy as a theory that the moon is empty
and aliens actually live inside of it or
the theory that all the members of the
Illuminati also live inside of the moon
and they're watching Earth from like big
monitors those are a little crazy
the moon landing being fake kind of
believe it Larry guys go hopefully you
enjoyed that let me know down the
comments if you believe that was faked
and if you want me to keep making
conspiracy theory videos maybe even
every week let me know by giving me a
thumbs up and also subscribe because I
make new videos every single day and if
you want to tell my other conspiracy
theory videos I'll put a link to a
playlist right there aren't you guys I
was you a conspiracy theorist tomorrow
don't anything you see oh man we need to
get rid all these apples what should we
do we could just send them all over to
Wendy's but Earl if somebody eats these
apples they're probably gonna die
ah people go to win he's already kind of
want to die right true we should send
over all our chocolate cows Earl I don't
think that's chocolate I think they're
drowning in their own shit
