hey guys we just did a podcast with no
I'm freaking out we had so much fun we
made cookies we talked about high school
and we tried not to talk too dirty and I
failed
haha - did pretty good I think yeah same
words yeah we had a safe guys goes in
the podcast for the week that may sound
like I'm flushing of friends and how do
you think your experience with I loved
it really yeah I don't tear lettuce man
no little bit see you later
hey guys yes today is all about giving
things a chance and being all about
equality
even if I'm very very against something
this is a very serious issue and
especially in this political time I'm
nervous to talk about my stance on the
topic but I'm going to I Shane Dawson do
not like Wendy's I don't get it I think
it's gross I think that little redhead
bitched you to die she's not human she
thinks she's cute she is worse than
those girls on Instagram who think they
are 10 and they are obviously a 4.5 I
don't care how many ludwig's are how
many Stephie is or how many Valencia's
you use bitch you're a 4.5 I don't know
what you're thinking chin you should not
be talking right now because your hair
looks like a fucking crop but that is my
choice to have my hair the crop today
and by choice I mean I ran out of
product and I was like too lazy to at
the store because I was like I already
had to go to Wendy's a long day but back
to the important issue
how about to eat his little bitch and
see if she takes good now I've been
outspoken about my disdain for Wendy's
for a long time even when I was a kid my
mom would be like what do you want for
dinner Shane and I'd be like anything
that you didn't make and she said well
there's a Wendy's next door and then I'd
say you know what mom I'd rather risk
food poisoning give me that hot dog
lasagna you're famous for I would rather
my anus bleed than heat this little
bitch but today I'm going to give it a
chance cuz my friend drew it is this
favorite restaurant let us call a
restaurant it is his favorite trash bin
and I want to keep that friendship going
I'm gonna give it a shot
okay so first I think I'm going to just
try the Baconator I've heard a lot of
things about it have I heard a lot of
things I just mean Drew's ass farting
immensely every time he eats it all so
why is little girl the spokesperson I
thought it was he'll old man does he die
what's his name I don't know his name he
just look like the old man from up which
by the way did anybody
feel sexual tension between him and
Appalachian boy in that movie just me I
was like maybe the whole point of this
movie is that he wants to get the
balloons to get him up so he can get
away from those murky laws but it ain't
illegal if you're in space - lets get a
Baconator okay okay it is very square by
the way my hair ah it is getting crazier
by literally the second Wendy's is
looking at me like um you said I was a
4.5
you could need me the spokesperson for
del hot on the taco and that blue looks
like it was literally made in a toilet
yeah I love getting dragged by cartoon
all right here we go
first buy of a Baconator well first of
all let me open her up oh um I mean she
definitely wouldn't kill it on Instagram
either I mean she biting or like than me
but that's not that whore you know gay
porn likes to meet a guy who pops
pimples and videotapes it but honestly
we both have the same theme gross all
right here we go um is this real this is
like fake food like playa food when
you're babysitting little girls like you
want me to make you a hamburger she
gives you like a plastic burger and then
you say no bitch I'm not getting paid to
eat your pretend food why don't you go
play with your invisible friends and
then she goes okay Shane watch what
people should hide okay Mike I I love
babysitting honestly I can't even really
hate on this stuff it just tastes like a
bunch of mushed up dirt but wet mud I'm
a scientist cheese fries now I am all
about this now I don't know how these
are gonna be but I know the ones I used
to make when I was 12 it was a violation
of phrase you put those motherfuckers in
the UH but you look crisp you take those
Muppet dying for some Kraft singles on
top you put in the microwave even though
technically should be using the
microwave because the way to come now
actually gives you man tips but like
you're ready got it so who cares
microwave it is and then you take it out
and you show it to your friend and you
say do you want some and your friend
goes what is that oh my god like I knew
you were poor but like I didn't know you
were almost homeless is this even your
house did we fucking break in are the
owners tied up in the bedroom can we
play with him a lot of fucked up friends
let's get fry it right here we go
let's get a good piece here we'll chunk
of cheese ooh okay
I'm not gonna lie I like the smell
there's a mixture of cheeses going on
there's no
just to Kraft singles there's get away
grab singles but there's also some kind
of Elvita some kind of mild cheddar
situation maybe a little bit of greater
good at oh my god I'm like the cheese
whisperer I have a lot of talent
involving food another one of my talents
is making a whole pie disappear when my
uncle says oh you started transitioning
they look great let's see okay oh hello
Oh goodbye that's like the equivalent of
opening up your door and you see a sweet
little girl you're like oh she's gonna
sell me Girl Scout cookies and then she
goes did she know student at the aliens
are coming hi I'm Suzy from the Church
of Scientology are they aliens bring
your cookies cuz if they're not in the
fuck I'm out fizzy next all right
speaking of children I'd say that phrase
too much we got kids meal pal I am
already like not impressed because I
don't have McDonald's back in the day
they had like a little box and then you
open up that book box you can turn into
a little house there's a little toy and
then I say oh that's cute nobody wants
your dollhouse McDonald's we just want
what's inside of it just like the
killers from The Strangers wow this is a
nice house you got here
please take anything you wanted you can
have the whole out no chill
let's see me get meal okay first of all
what why chocolate milk they're gonna be
a doughnut in here cuz why would I want
to eat fries and a burger of a chocolate
milk also shamrock Farms is not a real
company also what the fuck does this
mean no significant difference has been
shown between a milk derived from BST
treinen and non vias tree treated cows
that sounds like some shit free who
would kill herself over what the fuck is
BTS D and why the fuck is my cow
drowning in chocolate that's not humane
although that is how I want to die I
would see what's in this little meal why
was this Foursquare game if they just
give me a box and they're like here it's
the Foursquare game see there's four
squares I'm smarter than that Wendy I
went to college for orientation the
decided to drop out that's one ball from
the ball pit which they had to legally
get rid of because people were getting
raped in there so
like we can do with all these balls a
can idea here you go
I see through you Wendy what's in here
apples if I have already made the
decision to go to Wendy's you think I
want a healthy choice also it says it
used by May 28th of 2016 that's it like
two days girl where the fuck did these
come from
oh is this from a shamrock farms oh man
we need to get rid of these apples what
should we do we could just send them all
over to Wendy's but Earl if somebody
eats these apples they're probably gonna
die ah people go to Wendy's already kind
of want to die right true we should send
over all of our chocolate cows Earl I
don't think that's chocolate I think
they're drowning in their own shit huh
fellow and then the last piece of food
is this tiny little baby burger look at
her face she is demonic I am never gonna
get a sponsorship from them can you
imagine if this was hey guys make sure
to go on over to my knees and Devon the
James in June and make sure to order the
spoiled apples oh man those are so much
fun on your guests oh my god that is
just very sad and that's all it is just
the tiniest patty and a bug which
honestly is exactly what I'm looking for
in amateur pornography not in burger
like I want it to be a little bit
Messier a little bit bloodier and a lot
more crunch which kind of is what I look
for man rich or poor just no cheese
that gives me too many bad memories of
my mom cleaning on my dick cheese alan
tarver next hi why do you sell chili
quick question Wendy um what is this why
do you make this who is this for oh my
god this smells like a church carnival
oh there's nothing I love more than a
church carnival I love the smell of men
cheating on their wives with other men
let's eat some chili right on the spoons
I'm just gonna go in with my finger and
she honestly being a Wendy's commercial
Wendy feels so good oh is that a chunk I
feel did you guys hear that somebody
found a fucking finger and their minds
chilly now that's alleged I don't wanna
get sued but google it I think it
happened let's try this oh ah damn way
to do oh but I don't want to say this
Wendy just bought herself up from a four
point five two is six point two and she
didn't even need to face to him she
didn't even need a funny caption this
chili is Bob it's very very good yeah
their skin on top of it yes there is
actual ice chunks yes I'm pretty sure
that's a dead fly but honestly it
doesn't matter I would eat a finger out
of this I would need to dig out of this
I would literally eat that old man from
the old Wendy's commercials balls out of
this which might be possible because I'm
pretty sure he's dead and I'll find his
balls I'm sure they're frozen somewhere
in some Wendy's headquarters oh my god
what if the little girl is the old man
like what if it's orphan like what if at
the end of the night she goes home she's
like damn I'm so tired of me a little
Wendy's girl let me crap off my face and
then BOOM oh man honestly though a boy 5
don't judge what I'm into all right last
but not least we have the frosty now
this is famous supposedly it's the best
thing in the world I think I've tried a
bite of it a long time ago I don't
really remember but I am ready because
you know what that chili was bomb and I
feel like she is slowly turning herself
around to me all right Wendy fuck me up
here we go oh my god I don't care that
is actually made from that shit cover
cow I would like house shit all over me
I would let him squirt those others into
my mouth and I don't know anything about
cows so technically that butter could be
an asshole I don't know they could have
eight assholes
I don't know technology all I know is
this bumped Oh oh my god imagine dipping
a frying your fuck I don't have any
plane presidents have cheese fries ah I
don't chicken nuggets let's dip a little
nugget in here oh it's just reached a
whole new level of sad well how about
the old man is rolling around in his
grave ha ha all right that didn't work
but it's okay she's so good oh there you
guys go that was me trying a bunch of
Wendy's items and honestly it could have
been worse but you know couldn't've been
worse my hair
what Oh anyways I hope you guys had fun
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe to let me go through every
single day and I will see little Wendy's
girls tomorrow Hey
well guys we just broke my ass we broke
musically that's how badly are we broke
my musically
