hey there's a big I guess today is what
I like to call a bad fucking idea
because I am going to let you assholes
roast me now seen a lot of youtubers do
this I've seen a lot of this going
around on reddit basically you post a
picture of yourself and then you let
people just fucking shit all over it
which is literally every time I post a
picture to Instagram so I decided to
post what is probably the worst fucking
picture of me ever and shocker it's not
when I was fat it's when I was this I
don't know I don't know what I was
thinking I don't know what my head was
doing I don't know where I got the
outfit I think I made it right so here
we go I'm going to read all of your
roasting comments let's watch me slowly
die I don't know what's more dead his
split ends or his eyes oh those are real
dead that vest you look like a funeral
director I look like I also really love
my job I look like I'm the guy who's
like so do you want me to cremate them
or do you want me to paint him up with
makeup do their hair put him in some
nice clothes position them to be real
happy you know just get all up in their
business
I love how cold they are what I'm trying
to say is I look like I fuck people next
roast you look like Tina from Bob's
Burgers I don't know what that means so
I'm gonna google it yep I see no
difference you look like someone just
poured the Jumbo sized Nutella on your
head and it stayed there for years first
of all that would never happen I would
definitely eat it off after like 30
minutes also Nutella shampoo that's a
good video idea galaxy all right down I
don't know how people thought you were
straight when it looks like your hair is
held down by semen and prayer you look
like a soccer mom named Sharon that's so
specific that's so true it looks like
someone poured melted chocolate let it
dry and called it your hair I love that
all your guys's roasts involve food you
know me so well you look like you just
got slimed at the 2016 Choice Awards
when you find out about conditioner yes
bitch my
then for the god I bet you can fit the
entire Pacific Ocean inside of your
mouth that's true though I do have a
very large mouth especially in that
picture
fuck I look like a poster for shark
tails yeah that's me you look like my
old neighbor Debbie who lived down the
block and would collect quarters hmm I
get it she also collects people's bags
of dog shit you know talking about what
does she do with them we don't know
maybe she eats them this bitch
definitely does I'll roast myself for
standing you in this era I agree a lot
of people like I miss the old Shane
really that loves you miss you miss her
you miss Debbie from down the block also
Debbie's definitely dead just like my hi
when you wear a vest because your blouse
is dirty do you still have that wig ah
you look like someone just dumped a
bucket of water on your head I do kind
of look like I just did the ice bucket
challenge except instead of trying to
find a cure for ALS I was trying to find
a cure for gay didn't find it Camp Rock
the Final Jam
oh that's like the reunion movie like 25
years in the future with Joe Jonas is
just fucking old
I'm not even Joe Jonas I'm fucking Kevin
Jonas Kevin Jonas after he melted you
got a wonder how it smells the fuck is
that supposed to mean and I get it and
last but not least this is the most
lesbian haircut I've ever seen and I'm a
lesbian success I've always wanted to
cater to the lesbian community and now I
can also cater to the dead people
community the camp rock fans and people
who fucking love Nutella so hi to all my
new fans boy you guys go that was me
getting roasted by you
ouch just to keep the roasting going and
to keep my self esteem just boom
here is another picture of me feel free
to roast me in the comments of this
video and maybe I'll do another video
reading them and crying also make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
fucking assholes hey oh god this is not
gonna go well or no if I cut the end off
maybe nope that's not working okay this
is gonna go so good for you guys if you
want to do blood stay tuned
