I am amazed at fair because I believe
she is crafting herself in the mold of a
Kardashian one sextape friend then
empire building but her empire is weird
because it went from sex tape to pasta
sauce I know two things that don't go
together
happy guys yes the king of big stupid
giant gummy things is back so last time
we did a gummy Diane W root beer bottle
because that was my favorite drink of
all time and it actually fucking worked
and I still can't believe it so then I
was like okay I do this again like I
need to do something I really love so
we're gonna be making a gummy corny
thing about just blowing up my dog
killing it slitting its throat
filling it with gelatin putting the
freezer just like gum off' i it honestly
i'm watch out no today is better than my
stupid fucking dog it's something i love
even more than her it's fireball whiskey
I love her like she don't let me back
but like I love her like she's actually
destroying my life like she's literally
made my friends go Shane are you okay
but do you need to talk or you know you
drink a lot and then I go you need to
stop judging our relationship like just
because you're unhappy and alone and I
met somebody doesn't mean yet the
fucking come for our relationship no I
love fireball I remember the first time
I drank it actually no no I don't
remember any of that
I was very sore my elbows were sore I
don't know what that means
actually I know exactly what that means
and that is gross anyways let's get
gummy so basically what we're going to
do is we're going to put some water in
this microwave safe Bowl it looks like a
fucking five-year-old leads out of it
because he does know I actually do be
like
yesterday I dipped a pop tart into
frosting and then I soaked it in milk
every time I see a baby getting a shitty
diaper change in a public bathroom I
think me alright we're just gonna fill
this up and then we're just going to put
this into the microwave I still don't
remember how long
longer than a hot pocket but not as long
as a toaster strudel a minute dentex
okay so now that that is hot we're gonna
be putting in the unflavored gelatin now
recently I freely almost fucking kill me
when she found out I use this of course
I played dumb and I was like wait when
it's animal bones that's fucking crazy I
had no idea I'm like kind of vegan like
that's why I'm gonna talk about because
they have like vegan options when in
reality I was like oh I love dead dogs
it really so we're just gonna pour that
into here and then we're gonna mix
seeded mmm doesn't that look delicious
kids doesn't that look just like your
doggy Rover did you know dogs actually
don't love you they're incapable of love
they literally just see you as somebody
who gives them food and when you think
they're smiling they're not they're just
breathing I mean you think they're so
happy they're crying they're not they're
just clearing of Sciences and when you
think they missed you with you're on
vacation they did because you get the
food nobody loves you kids literally
nobody
jealous ready okay so now we're going to
add in a little bit of fireball actually
I did not Google this this might blow up
it also might get turnt up
no it'll blow up and also this does not
turn me up if anything it turns me down
and makes me actually laugh at fuller
house what this makes a little Joey
funny what the fuck is in this I might
as well just like try a little bit make
sure it's good you know I mean I'm ready
for a fuller house bitch
give me all the Gibbler I'm lying don't
give me any of it okay little fireball
and now we're gonna add some food color
because I want it to look just like
fireball so this is like an orange
reddish color I was actually talking
about my hair and my buck up skin this
is more just like in burnt orange so I'm
gonna drop a little bit of orange into
there and maybe a little bit of red oh
yeah
ah this is looking like a pot of dead
ducks actual dead duck family we just
killed duck dynasty alright let's have
more gelatin alright alright now that it
looks like actual dead fetuses I think
it's done so now I'm just going to empty
this out into my prep pour that in here
put in the fridge and in a few hours
we're gonna see if it gummy I'm also
going to be very fucking drunk next time
I see yourself bye
oh hey guys I'm so fucking drunk right
now
so you can kind of do like whatever you
want with me
cuz like I'm fucking down what do you
mean you have to help your mom with
something it's like 2:00 a.m. Oh yikes
no that's sucks I didn't know she was
sick no yeah I understand we could like
chill like some other time like um
getting your car really fast okay yeah
but oh see later he wanted it no I'm not
drunk and yes that's a true story
kidding huh no I'm not drunk because I
didn't actually drink I really don't
drink that much I was playing it up
earlier
I'm more into pills no I'm just kidding
I mean I do love sleeping pills oh and I
could kill it with exercise but enough
about my habits let's get back to
gummies so this was in the fridge for a
few hours and I have not opened it so I
don't know if it worked um it says like
a little redder than I wanted but I
still love her anyways alright let's see
it was it's fucking gummy I am so good
at this
finally good at something I mean it took
me twenty seven years to figure it out
math no science mmm-hmm anything
involving dressing myself fuck no
turning random objects that don't need
to be gummy too into something gummy
killing it okay so here's the problem I
don't have one of those exactly blades
because um I broke it so instead I have
a very large butcher knife and scissors
both of which I keep under my bed I'm
not kidding by the way there's nothing
scarier than me walking around my house
at 2:00 a.m. cuz I heard a noise like
this hello who is it
just come out if you come out now I
won't do anything hello have like Edward
Scissorhands
except for creepier because it's me I
almost just cut my nose off
okay let's put the knife down okay so we
are going to first of all pretend like
that doesn't exist second of all we're
gonna try to cut this fucking jelly out
of its bottle okay so there's like an
air bubble here so I'm thinking maybe if
I cut into there oh god this is not
gonna go well or no if I cut the end off
maybe nope that's not working okay this
is gonna go so good for you guys if you
want to see blood stay tuned okay
nothing's happening oh wait something
happening
I can't tell oh my god it's fucking
working it's working oh you hear that I
heard something
the sound of my neighbors thinking
somebody's being murdered and ignoring
it oh my god wait I fucking did it all I
cracked it I cracked it okay now it is
time to cut alright so I guess I'll just
cut down the sign Oh God
okay okay this is not working okay okay
oh I almost got something oh wait please
please let this work okay maybe if I
just keep cutting down the side okay
okay I think it's working ow ow I
literally just cut into my fucking hand
ow okay that's but that's that's blood
okay great oh wait oh I'm getting it I'm
getting it and fucking doing it come on
motherfucker we're not giving up oh my
god
oh my god here she comes here she
fucking guns I'm so excited
oh fuck I did it I fucking did it fuck
you fuck you yeah fuck you sorry okay
I'm calm oh my god if we flip it over
it's like it never happened
it actually doesn't look that bad okay
now we got a deck right ooh okay we need
the label so I guess we just peel off
the label so now we're just going to put
this in the middle of the bottle oh my
god
it's kind of working guys oh I'm so
proud and now we just put the bottle cap
on top the bottle cap got cut off so
let's see if it stays I mean it's good
enough alright let's put on a white
plate so you could really see it I mean
guys fuck okay well ignore that but what
look at my fucking gum a yeah look at
that it looks like a real fireball
bottle oh my god okay time for our
favorite part time to destroy everything
we've made oh if I was God it would be
bad news for the world I'd be like Oh
to fuck everything up hmm I think today
I'll do fucking asteroids no tsunami no
huge giant demon spiders yeah that's
gonna be fun to watch so I guess we'll
just slice right into this right in the
middle all right here we go oh my god oh
oh I love that feeling like when you cut
up people there's like so many crunches
like this just glides through all right
let's fucking destroy her more oh I love
it oh yeah
there's something so satisfying about
chopping it up into a bunch of pieces
that's one like I never understood when
serial killers just like throw the whole
body in the lake why would you do that
like have fun with it first play with
your food oh all right we should taste a
shit okay here we go this is our
sampling of our fireball jelly oh my god
oh my god he's like a cheek I don't know
what I was expecting is like literally
we just put a drop of fire wall in there
and then no other flavoring I probably
should have put like cinnamon in it or
something but it is a fucking matter
because it worked we did it I succeeded
again in the gummy treat oh I love
succeeding at things that literally
don't fucking matter boy you guys go
hopefully you enjoyed watching me you
know just take out all my aggression
with a butcher knife now I know I did
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day let me know down in the
comments what I should go me next I kind
of want to gummy a body part I don't
know how like I kind of want to figure
it out oh my god I could gummy Farrah
Abraham's fake pussy honestly I probably
just gonna go real pussy I feel like
she'd be into that but then she'd be in
my kitchen and then she get her pussy on
my counter and after why
down yeah too much work alright you guys
I'll see you little gummy treats mom
hopefully you enjoyed the trailer and
hopefully you enjoyed my sick fake tan
and my awful douchey clothes I promise
that is not my new look I will just say
the trash can gay hobo that I am
