hey those of you guys okay today is
gonna be a little bit different because
I'm gonna be showing you the trailer for
movie I was in called internet-famous
directed by my friend Michael Gallagher
you might know him is totally sketch
here on YouTube so check out the trailer
and then I will talk to you guys right
after work
I am number one on YouTube because my
fans are the most loyal people in the
world I tell them to do something they
do it you know hey guys go thumb up this
video million thumbs comes with a lot of
power though because power to be like
hey guys go jump off a bridge you know
you'd see you'd see a lot of bridges
with dead bodies under them we're going
to crown the web star of the year I can
do the Miley spoof everybody's already
seen we can't walk Hank it's 100 million
views how about the new weekend spoof I
can't find my vase isn't ready yet hello
puppies I'm everyday and you're watching
the viral video pound ruff ruff
so I started the channel that's one
scared baby and every week I try to
scare Lucy get her face no guys one
scary baby it's really hard for people
to take you seriously when 700 million
people have seen you dance like an idiot
on the Internet politicians used it as a
way to sum up everything that was wrong
with our country I'm a film director I
had to work with what I had so my cat
mr. blankets became my muse
this is the moment we've all been
waiting for
we're on our way to webicon right now oh
my shining stars you're here Wow all of
you in one room this is the Big Show's a
lot of pressure who will get their very
own TV show oh my god is that baby
driving
that's real-world viral I got a 2-foot
let's do this fast it's the
entertainment of tomorrow experiment is
happening it's not
six seconds I'm not wearing any
underwear horse against the time to rock
it does even matter
nothing has substance I'll turn it out
it's immediate I get it I get it I get
his bow bow now I've talked to a person
who's younger than 40 he's like let the
over little dip ski turned out they were
talking about the Internet
where you guys go that was a trailer I'm
so excited I fucking love this movie I'm
so excited for guys to see it I saw a
sneak peek of it like two weeks ago and
it was so funny and so kind of fucked up
and really like emotional and made me
cry at certain points I'm just really
excited I play a fucking asshole in the
movie and it was so much fun to play I
got to be so mean to everybody and I got
to make fun of YouTube and I got to make
fun of youtubers and myself and I got to
make a movie with all my friends and it
was one of the best experiences of my
life so I'm so excited that it's finally
coming out so make sure to go to the
link down there I'll put in the
description go pre-order the movie right
now it is available on iTunes and the
movie comes out on iTunes on June 21st
hopefully if we all preorder it right
now maybe we can get it to the top of
the charts and that'll be really fucking
cool right you guys I'm gonna go
hopefully you enjoyed the trailer and
hopefully you enjoyed my sick fake tan
and my awful douchey clothes I promise
that is not my new look I will just say
the Trash Can gay hobo that I am alright
you guys make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because any new
videos every single day and I'll see you
tomorrow
oh I should be Paola
oh my god OOP not stop I can't breathe
okay
I'm doing I'm killin y'all right who
agrees it to me
