hey guys we just did the podcast with
Paul Scheer oh I'll wait a lot of fun
talking about Farrah Abraham sex tape
talking about our own sex tapes and
talking about our P yeah
Oh Thicke scream coming from me always
hey go check out the podcast up at the
link down there sound calm slash in your
friends tickets later hey guys
yes I am so excited today because we are
going to be doing something I have
wanted to do a whole life we're gonna be
trying McDonald's secret menu items no
no you're thinking Shane why would we
want you to try this your whole life
that's sad because there's nothing I
love more than secrets obviously I have
a lot of it myself and I've always heard
like the myth and the legend of some of
these items kind of like a Jamba Juice
when they say there's the gummy bear
smoothie has anyone ever fucking seen
ever tasted it nope that's my new
mission in life to put all the fast food
restaurants and taste all the secret
menu items that nobody else has ever
tasted because they have dignity and
well respect for themselves but I don't
so let's get e okay so we're gonna start
with something called the land air and
the sea sandwich not to me that just
sounds like all the things I hate like I
would love my bed target in the toilet
like that's the triple I want this not
so much
oh god it's very heavy okay here she is
in all her beauty oh actually it looks
kind of good so basically what this is
is a cheeseburger a crispy chicken
sandwich
and then a filet-o-fish with a bun
wrapped around it what it really is is
not me not me girl all over them but
there's tartar sauce on it so I'm in
alright here we go
oh my god listen to the sound it makes
like an actual scrub daddy there's no
food in this but that's fine because I
live on diet coke and candy so there's
no food in this either
alright here we go our first bite I've
got a nervous okay yeah I want to make
sure to get everything I don't take a
big bag I'm bringing his mouth open it
there's a lot going on it's all wet and
dry at the same time it all feels like
sue is like laying air this way and feet
oh my god it's everywhere your feet
touch whatever this thing is this
motherfucker on the bottom here
hey did I set this actual science fair
project this is like when you put in a
cage and you watch it grow bacteria and
you're like a little city like this is
McDonald apple√≠s head I'm the fucking
mayor okay first let's try this fish
alone oh my god how is there no
oh flavor what it tastes like a blanket
like you know when you're on the couch
you're hanging out always and then you
hear something you get really scared
because you just don't like people
interaction and you're scared to death
that it could be a neighbor and they
could be knocking on your door to see
how you're doing I don't need you to
check up on me I know I haven't left my
house in three months I'm fine I don't
care if you're walking your dog your dog
when I smell something dying I'll be
fine let me slowly kill myself in people
I know this is disgusting next okay
there's no way this isn't going to be
amazing
these are McDonald's animal style fries
now you know in and out have animal
fries where they put like cheese and
onions and sauce so how this works is
you ask for normal fries and you ask for
a side of Big Mac sauce and then you
click on top and boom you just hack your
way into whatever the fuck this is
but I'm not gonna lie it looks kind of
good right oh my god sometimes I yell
like that just so my neighbors know I'm
not dead now Susie I'm breathing no I
okay oh great
yeah can you never fucking bother me
again cool thanks alright let's get a
big old piece that's gonna fuckin bar
Bob that's a fuckin secret bitch that's
a secret need to be released fuckin land
sea ocean toilet whatever the fuck is
called you can keep that secret these I
mean I love Big Macs in general I know
there's also my finger don't worry I'm
getting it but big nights in general are
one of my favorite things in the whole
world another huge McDonald's fan okay
Big Mac bitch like our burger patty on
its own oh they're lettuce on its own
tastes like rice can their buns taste
like actual backpack but for some reason
when you put all that together you put
that Big Mac sauce on ah fuck
like I fucking hate Susie but if she
walked it to my door with a Big Mac in
her hand we're all in this together
hey Susie come inside
and then I'll kick you out yeah my
friendship apparently last one Big Mac a
grilled cheese sandwich yeah so
basically what I did was ask for a
normal cheeseburger without the burger
and they went what and then I said yeah
you know just take out the meat so it's
just like bun and melted cheese and they
said okay saddest man who's ever been
through a drive-thru please pull up to
window number one so let's try this
this looks I'd rather be dead you know
what I mean like if it got to this point
fucking kill me oh my god that's awful
cuts of people in Africa being like
bread and me being like ill trash oh my
god wait I just opened it up
I mean I'm gonna give it a chance it's
not about what's on the inside that
counts it's about whether or not it
makes me throw up when I taste it and
honestly if I can hold my gag back we're
good
here we go oh man that made me do the
shifty eyes cuz like I don't want to say
but this is good bread good cheese and
good melted good I hate myself that I
like this I mean I hate myself for how
many reasons but this is number one why
is this good why isn't this the good
thing that I've had today I tried a
burger that was this big and I hated it
mixed food all right this is the big
McChicken which is basically a Big Mac
but you take out the meat patties and
you replace them with fried chicken now
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say this
is not going to be good mainly because
um dad ate chicken and also because look
at it
well once again I'm gonna give it a try
maybe it'll surprise me just like the
grilled cheese did maybe I'll ignore the
fact that it smells like actual Gooch do
people still use worth Gooch anymore
Gooch is that area between your asshole
you're both you know what you can just
google it Pratt here we go what the fuck
is that what the fuck is that what is it
that's actual foot skin Sudi oh my draw
that's not lettuce that's literally not
lettuce is that fucking look there's no
way that's lettuce there's no farm just
lettuce grown for him listen I didn't
study agriculture okay I was too busy
sneaking hohos into my backpack but
that's now fucking lettuce and I'm so
going to eat it anyways because I
honestly kind of box book this is good I
mean they could use more sauce cuz
that's a lot of chicken
sorry as a chicken what I meant to say
was white substance but either way I'm
talking with this room is something I'd
eat when I was a kid to be
healthy mom we're gonna McDonald's I
don't know honey the doctor said you
look like you were literally dying I
know but I'll get chicken hmm Oprah did
say chicken was healthy okay you're the
best mom ever
oh I can't wait to die mommy I got real
dark real fast okay this one I'm really
fuckin excited about cuz I love make
flurries I remember when they first came
out that's how fucking old I am I
remember the woman was like oh what
candy do you want I was like I don't
know can I get all the candy but she
looked at my mom I'm all knotted and
then she looked back at me with sadness
in her eyes that she went mm-hmm you can
have all the candy so this is the apple
pie a la mode McFlurry so basically you
get a normal McFlurry
I got Wario and then you get the apple
pie and then you fucking crunch that
shit together and it makes all the
problems go away
let's try it oh my god a little pot
little Chum so Oreo ice cream
whoo there's writing on it what makes
your McFlurry nice and creamy real milk
and cream that's an awful tagline what
makes this burrito real good beans what
makes the Subway sandwich real good
nothing literally not going to Subway
our pedophile mascot all right let's see
Bishop oh my god I'm so mad that I've
never done it before literally exactly
how I felt when I masturbated for the
first time I was like how have I got my
whole life without doing this and why do
I want to do it from my grandma right
now there's a lot of thoughts going
through my head oh my god this is
fucking amazing I mean this is
definitely something you do like when
you get home like I feel like if you did
this at McDonald's like I can't think of
anything more embarrassing than creating
the secret menu item at the actual place
that's almost a sad is like doing that
at home and then like turning on a
camera like eating it next item
okay last item and I'm gonna be honest
it is all affecting me I don't know if
you can see if I don't get the meat
sweats whoo I'm getting real hot and out
of breath this is the most workout I've
gotten all week except for one that
you're Susie with door and I have to run
through my house Metallica at home by
the way yesterday I literally heard
somebody getting murdered next to my
house and I closed the window person all
right time for the big big big man yeah
this is one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten
Patty's honestly that's fucking good oh
my god it looks like out of a fucking
movie and also it was like falling down
so I had to put of Jesus candle behind
it to hold it up thanks Jesus you always
got my back no problem it's that fuck
all right let's take a bite of whatever
the hell I made Oh what a monster my mom
after she gave birth to me all right
here we go oh my god can I actually do
it oh fuck okay okay here we go one two
three
I'm good all of us should be Paola oh my
god OOP not stop oh I can't breathe okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna no I'm not no I'm
breathe did it to me oh okay it was good
except for the fact that I actually got
so excited I grieve didn't meet like it
was air but besides that oh my god I
mean I would die if I eat this fuck oh
my god the soft really really look at
that no ma'am just gander it is beauty
I actually just made sex face you just
saw me thinking about having sex with
this burger I'm sorry you witnessed that
but honestly I don't give a fuck I'm a
fuck this burger in front of you oh my
god I love when the sauce drips off the
bat y'all I was a business success we
had a lot of creations I gained five
pounds my face is actually fatter and
I'm probably gonna die of a heart attack
in like five minutes but it's been fun
well our guys go hopefully you enjoyed
watching me literally have sex with food
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe cuz I need to do this
every single day and I'll see you those
secret menu items tomorrow I thought my
mom was writing back those three dots
are taking a while she's very confused
okay here's a response
Oh son it looks like so
cut off a penis and drag it cookie and
by the way I'm eating a chicken sandwich
right now and this made me sick
sour dates enjoy your chicken bone
