hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck new my name is destory
and I'm drowning and pussy
I mean just look at me oh my god I need
to leave the house but this is what the
fuck news we talk about the super
fucking weird ass news that you might of
missed in the last week the first I want
to talk about today is the overwhelming
controversy surrounding target's
decision to make gender-neutral
bathrooms allow trans people to go into
the bathroom of the sexes they identify
with since the decision they made public
in April 19th of this year they received
a ton of hate permit from people
storming in yelling at customers to
repent you need to repent to boycotting
the entire thing which now has over
700,000 signatures on change.org
recently though story went viral of a
woman going into a Target and yelling at
customers with her children there
instead of bowing to the homosexual
perverted agenda that's taking over this
little nation oh wow that is awful
but hey at least that bitch got some
cardio in right come on Trevor we gotta
go to Target cut out some queer of
sexual kind of already tired walking
also she says she's a mother of 12 Jesus
fuck I find it a little bit hard to
believe that a guy would have sex with
this thing 12 times what I don't get is
why this is such a huge deal to everyone
like we all know the reason why people
are upset about this they just don't
want people with the opposite sex to
hear the demon like growling that comes
from their ass when they shit because we
all know you know the daintiest of women
turns into something completely
different when they enter the bathroom
oh look yeah might be weird if I was a
woman and I was in a bathroom like some
weather we're having then the other
person was like Europe oh come on
what is it life ending am I gonna die I
mean probably not I think the biggest
point that I've heard people talk about
is well a transgender people are allowed
to go to a women's bathroom what's to
stop men from going into women's
bathrooms and group it on ladies what's
to stop some chick from looking at my
van parks that argument was also flawed
because if you're forced to go to the
bathroom of the sex that you were born
with and these men would technically
have to be in a women's bathroom too so
you know what I have a perfect solution
why don't we make a third bathroom for
transgender people Satan worshiper
those Islamic people long-haired and
weirdos Democrats and just about
everyone who isn't white and Christian
yeah that'll that'll solve everything
that's what about news a man broke into
an Arby's last week to steal chicken and
bacon but not before proclaiming he was
a time traveler from the future what the
fuck obviously this guy is high right
right I mean if he wants actually from
the future why RVs maybe in the future
Arby's closes down permanently because
everyone realizes how fucking terrible
it is Wow why'd you get terrible
sandwiches for $10 each what a deal but
barely in a 36 year old Dante Rashad
Anderson from Oklahoma City claimed that
he was from four years in the future and
this is how you get your food then he
also allegedly began kicking people's
cars as he escaped from the Arby's with
a handful of chicken and bacon
yeah he just for no reason kicked my car
kicked the other car but he really was
for the future how the fuck did he get
here I don't think there was a target
anywhere near there if there was man the
new doctor who was fucking terrible
maybe he's a terminator who was sent
back in time to steal people's chicken
and bacon and also kick random people's
cars for no reason but in any case if he
is from the future
we're apparently at most four years away
from time-travel I can't wait I'm gonna
go back in history and show George
Washington and iPhone and be like no
George check out how fucked up this shit
is I'd also be like you know the thing
that you put all your garbage in a trash
can yeah that's running for president
where I come from the future is fun I
have so confused
teach George Washington new words like
fleek and Yolo no way that in the
Constitution it's like we believe that
these amendments are all on fleek any
man wishing to own a prostitute may do
so if she isn't ratchet any man who
serves four years in the military it
gets a pool party because Yolo anyways
black insane-looking Marty McFly was
caught and arrested only a few blocks
away from the Arby's because he had
evidently broken his ankle from kicking
the cars some old dude is it so hard to
admit that you were tripping or hard
drugs because I'm from the future is a
terrible excuse you could have said
anything even slightly more believable
and you probably would have gotten away
with this
explain yourself sir why are you
stealing bacon uh well a group of
autistic orangutangs
broke into my house stole all my bacon
had sex with my wife rigorously and also
stole
my car and several hundred thousand
dollars of my money which I will need
that and then I got into karate fight
with him where he broke my ankle
that is why my ankle is broken and I'm
gonna need reparations from those
fucking orangutangs
i right the tanks yeah man those those
orangutangs they're dangerous all right
well don't do it again
I guess last month of news the man was
caught on video stealing a snake from a
pet store by putting it in his pants
wait you're telling me a guy with neck
tattoos makes terrible life choices no
way but why would anyone ever steal a
snake stealing food I get a car makes
sense but a snake what the fuck my guess
is that the guy had a date wanted to
impress the girl but was like well I
can't put a water bottle in my pants
that clearly looks fake guess I'll just
put a snake in my pants so it looks like
I have a giant constantly moving penis
she'd be like a snake in your pan you
just happy to see me oh my god in the
fucking snake the st. Augustine Florida
resident Travis trainer who clearly got
his hair cut from the guy and Snow White
and the Huntsman was caught not only by
the cameras in the pet store but also by
the pet store owner who claims of this
isn't his first offense it would often
come in and steal baby lizards as well
according to store owner as well as st.
Augustine police they believe the trader
would steal the animals and sell them on
Craigslist because Craigslist is the
only place where it's not weird to sell
anything including stolen reptiles and
snakes because let's face it if you
tried to sell it on the street it would
probably look weird y'all not do it you
want to buy on it but like what was this
guy's plan didn't even take into
consideration that some snakes are
poisonous and probably don't like being
put in dude's pants didn't even look to
see if there were any cameras so was his
plan if he got caught to be like sir did
you just steal a snake
what no this is my dick God get a guy
having a normally large dick that moves
it will well if that is your dick that
I'm pretty sure it's hissing at me um
yeah it does that from time to time but
anyways dumbass big fuck Stan has been
arrested for theft as well as resisting
a merchant and still awaits trial but
that is it for this episode of what the
fuck new question of the name of you
guys is but do you personally think
about target making gender-neutral
bathrooms as George Washington once said
that shit be cray I taught him that word
let me know in the comments down below
stories as always in the description
down below as well as all of my links
also before you guys go make sure to
check out my newest video of my channel
where I mess around with the snapchat
filters my man says I'm special the
darkness burns my soul as I drift
between shut up mom it's not a phase I
said guys I'll see you next time for
another with the pup news thanks for
watching and fair with
