all right guys we're fucking doing it I
have not wanted to do this video because
I know it's gonna get flagged
I know YouTube is probably gonna take it
down and I know it's just too fucking
far but you guys have been wanting me to
do something like this for a long time I
remember you guys used to ask for it
when I would deep-fry stuff and now
you've been asking for another day
waffle iron stuff today
it is family time we're gonna walk the
line on a dildo yes that is right I have
a dick and I'm ready to burn it me at
the club now this deck is called a
naughty cock this is not sponsored can
you imagine if it was i love dolly cocks
my favorite kind of cock is the
naughtiest I don't like a nice cock
I want to cock that verbally abuses me
slaps knee rang a little bit and
possibly leaves me for my hotter older
brother it's just got too real almost as
realistic is this clock from naughty
cock it link is in the description
I'm kidding it's not oh my god oh my god
it's very realistic
this is too realistic Wow I'm feeling a
lot of things right now like when you
get your hair cut and you see your hair
on the floor you're like that was just
on my head like when I look at this I'm
like that was just on my body it's very
confusing also very baby like you need
to get that Jack like there is something
wrong with you this one comes with a
suction cup I don't even know what that
means I guess you can just like shove it
on things oh my god oh my god oh I love
it I love my new friend oh my god
where's my snapchat what song should I
play
and that's what you call getting your
snapchat suspended okay so now that we
have our day oh my god the strong dick
we're just going to put this in the
water and see what happens I'm very
nervous about it I feel like this could
actually burn down my whole house worse
than what the minions did and I can't
stop boy good god if my dick was like
detachable that'll be everything I
wouldn't have to eat in front of the TV
anymore I could just keep myself
occupied sorry okay look at it okay so
this has been heating up for a while oh
my god that's some old minion flesh okay
once again I should open up a window
just in case you know my house catches
fire alright here we go
woo hoo I'm nervous about this I feel
like this is real bad karma also I feel
like it's giving a lot of housewives
ideas oh you cheated on me that's funny
all right here we go oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god it's scary for my
dick okay okay let's do this
ahh oh my god I can feel it
whoo that's a lot of smoke oh god it
smells good oh no it doesn't oh okay oh
it's really melting oh my god you guys
wanted this not I wish this is what
health class was or better yet I was
just as what youth group was like a
church oh you wanna have sex before
marriage well this is what it looks like
all right let's really push down on that
day that's what sex ed would be like
with me you're gonna really want to push
down on that dick really hard you really
want to melt it you really want to
mingle that dick into something
unrecognizable guys about that all right
let's take a sneak peek oh oh wait let's
move it around a little bit let's grab a
fork I'm hungry let's see oh fuck oh
this is going very well not for him but
for us oh wow God is that what it would
feel like to wash your dick should we
try it next for real get it to 100,000
thumbs up guys all my dick wonder if our
scale beauty will ever waffle our pussy
god I'd love that
oh all right let's just let this cook
for a few minutes Oh all right there's a
lot of smoke but I'm not gonna give up I
don't care if the fire department comes
all right let's see how it's looking oh
my god oh it's like bleeding into the
other part of the waffle iron cut it
even look like a dick anymore oh let's
try to lift it out yeah oh let's flip it
over you want to get both sides real
good oh god oh god it's falling apart
Oh No oh my god it literally destroyed
my fort that's a strong dude that's
really pushed down as hard and can all
right time for the big reveal
ladies and gentlemen let's see our new
dick oh isn't she lovely isn't she so
fucked oh this is literally what the
slides look like when you look up STDs
like every time I have like a cut on my
dick or anything I'm like maybe I hurt
bees and then I google it I'm like
nevermind oh my god oh it's all too real
oh my god oh oh my god oh I should send
a picture of this to my mom and say oops
what do you think she would say let's
try right now texting my mom just gonna
send her a picture of this waffle iron
dick and I'm gonna say what do you think
this is let's await her response
my mom is writing back those three dots
are taking a while she's very confused
okay here's a response Oh son it looks
like someone cut off a penis and drive
me cookie and by the way I'm eating a
chicken sandwich right now and this made
me sick
sorry bitch enjoy your chicken bone
there you go that was me waffle ironing
a dildo you guys wanted it so I finally
gave it to you there's my dick make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe get any new videos every
single day also let me know down the
comments what I should waffle next
please don't say vagina I just don't
think I can take that all right you guys
I was you little penises tomorrow just
made me laugh I don't know why okay I'll
say mom oh my god okay Pancho's okay I
got really nervous because when I leaned
back with my pig body I thought I
crushed him I mean I can't
what I would've done without him I mean
we've had so many great memories
together
yeah okay we don't have that many
memories together but we're going to
make so
