that's because yes today I'm going to
once again be playing with kid toys
which is so hard for me because I'm such
a fucking adult for example last Friday
night with yogurt night because I had a
new peak flavor and then I want to see
Zootopia with my friend and then I
bought visit Urban Outfitters I'm a
fucking grown up also I have an actual
toy behind me in every single video
anyways yes we're gonna be playing with
kid toys today and we're going to start
with my new best friend so you might
remember him from 5 seconds in the video
and I was talking about how fucking
embarrassing I am it's a grown up well
his name is Pancho I just named him
right now and I feel like he looks just
like his daddy
like tacky none of the colors match it
always all-fours also he has a little
hole in his ass so me I don't know like
where to hang him in my house that won't
make me look crazy maybe I'll put him
next to the 10 huge inflatable pool toys
I have in my living room am i okay
no speaking of questioning my future our
next toy is the magic 8-ball I used to
use this all the time when I was a kid
and let me just say it was wrong I did
not grow up to be Queen Latifah living
in a macaroni house with a swimming pool
built out of burritos you laugh to me so
let's try it again and maybe see if it's
more accurate dear magic 8-ball am i
trash as I see it yes Wow
accurate magic 8-ball am I gonna be
alone forever I don't feel like
answering that try again Brewery my
therapist magic 8-ball am i gonna be
alone forever seriously I really need to
know honestly yes I love my extra honest
friend magic 8-ball Jillian tell us if
you like it is a magic 8-ball my looking
fat lately without a doubt next toy what
the fuck are these Melissa and Doug farm
friends hand puppet who the hell are
Melissa and Duggan why did they do this
oh my god I can imagine listen Doug on
Shark Tank hey sharks I'm Melissa
Doug and we have a couple friends here
to help us out with our presentation
it's Timmy the cow Moo and that's great
great so Kimmy do you think the shark
should give us money absolutely
Oh Timmy you're begging me crazy good
one Pig hey can you ask Melissa her
husband and her ever gonna have sex
again during their long long marriage
sure who the ask oh this seems to be
taking a while um
Timmy you two should talk more after the
show what was his feeling a little bit
how I say ready to move on she feels
like you've been holding her back she
feels like well it might be time to end
it and not stay together for the kids
because if she stays with you she might
actually kill herself and nobody wants
that
oh yeah it's like oh oh so cold in here
oh oh oh my heart oh it hurts so bad oh
oh
makoy Angry Birds now listen I do not
understand Angry Birds I have ranted
about it for why your birds
throwing pigs and watered the pigs green
and why did the birds have my eyebrows
also on the box that says destroy pink
city should just be a picture of my
house oh my God look at the kids on the
back of the box he does not want to be
there and he's saying about how he's
gonna kill his mom and then if I just
walk into a room while she's sleeping
she won't even hear me coming with a
knife I go home Shirl has my mom take us
home and that'll be the last time you
ever hear from that bitch again I love
toys promised a big-ass box also it's
called TNT bomb invasion I love teaching
our children how to be terrorists mom
when I grow up I wouldn't destroy big
city honey pick CDs not real well I
guess I'll destroy American Anna oh god
there's so many fucking pieces first of
all that's not a pig
like I'm not a scientist I'm not of that
have I killed an animal mm-hmm have I
given one mouth-to-mouth trying to bring
it back to life mm-hmm have I been told
I've never allowed my friends animals
because when they leave the room I spit
in the dog's mouth but I do know that
this is not a pig and that's not a bird
either that's my fourth grade teacher
mrs. Sweeney shoutout girl but that's
what you look like
actually she might be dead I read on
Facebook that she was stabbed I don't
know if that's a rumor and maybe she
survived all I'm saying is she gave me a
B so I I'm kidding as she's not dead
well okay here's a slingshot so I guess
you whoo this is cool you just like oh
I'm gonna use this a lot oh my god just
slinging food in my fucking mouth this
makes dieting so much more fun okay I'll
have chicken again dude gah did I say
chicken
I met actual full-sized Snickers anyways
let's get swinging actually just put the
pig in here then you see if it works
well that was anti-climatic is that it
that's all you do
oh wait gives you a little house you
could play in this
so I guess well I guess what you could
do wait put the house there and then
take a pig and then you just throw that
motherfucker at that house you just ruin
somebody's like now I know why kids do
drugs
cuz this sucks let's just try to see
old-fashioned way oh my god oh my god is
everybody okay that's what I get for
trying to be cool I literally almost
just broke everything in my life oh my
god okay conchos okay I got really
nervous because when I leaned back with
my pig body I thought I'd crushed him I
mean I can't imagine what I would have
done without him I mean we've had so
many great memories together
you
yeah okay we don't have that many
memories together but we're gonna make
so that's a lot probably Mathari the
closet forget about you and never see
you again boy you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed watching me play with kid toys
now you don't have to waste your money
and go out and buy these pieces of shit
except for the puppets you should get
those though they're really fun to like
take your aggression out and really get
into your issues with let's talk about
eating disorders shame okay well I'll
start it what else we'll get to that
later make any of this video a thumbs up
and subscribe I mean the videos every
single day and I'll see you little kid
toys to you I'm just gonna say see you
guys later that's less creepy they're
kind of hard
oh they are soft on the inside so it's
the opposite of me like I'm soft on the
outside very hard on the inside right
outside as a Twinkie the inside is a
warders original I'm awkward guilty
