guys we just did a podcast with Sierra
green and she is asked Erik tur at
Universal and she plays a monster and
told us all the inside T about what it's
like to be in there it was crazy and I
loved it I'll give you a hint it's
spooky it's spooky not spooky hey what's
up you guys yes welcome back to another
conspiracy theory video now 2017 has
been a year of some of the craziest
conspiracy theories of all time but
today we're gonna be focusing more on
the creepy ones and we're gonna start
with the theory that the iPhone might be
examining your news now recently the
iPhone X came out and of course there
were so many theories about it most of
which involved the very scary face idea
it projects and analyzes more than
30,000 invisible dots on your face to
create a very very very precise map oh
no no I do not like that but what I'm
about to talk about isn't even regarding
the iPhone X this is something that's
probably happening with whatever
generation iPhone you have so recently
this tweet went viral attention all
girls all girls go to your photos and
type in brassiere why are Apple saving
these and made it a folder and then a
bunch of shaft faces so then people took
out their phones went to their photo
albums and searched bra and it was true
a category called brassiere popped up on
everyone's phones and then people
started screenshotting their brassiere
albums and posting them online
I mean this girl posted hers and there
were tons of pictures of her having sex
and changing and then this girl posted
hers and there are once again pictures
of her changing and being in a bra so
this wasn't even a theory this is real
your iPhone is saving every picture you
have that shows your bra so of course
people started freaking out because
they're like why is this an option why
is the iPhone saving my bra pictures
well then Apple came out and said hey no
no no it's not just bra it's a bunch of
words iOS is designed to take advantage
of the powerful processor built into
every iPhone
so when you search your photos for
instance all the face recognition and
scene and object detection are done
completely on your device so basically
what that means is you can search a lot
of different words and your iPhone will
categorize all the photos so then I went
to my phone and I decided to try it out
I don't have any broad pictures so I
just started with the letter A and then
boom all these categories popped up
apparel los angeles animal apparatus
what august april alehouses and on and
on so here's where it gets weird so I
started doing every letter of the
alphabet cuz I was just curious what was
gonna pop up I can't believe I'm gonna
show you this I'm gonna blur it I put in
the letter P and the only category was
pig and then when I clicked on the pig
album it was my noon I literally saw my
naked body and said Pig
oh my god I just snorted maybe Ethel's
right listen all I'm saying is this
whole thing is creepy the fact that your
phone can go through all of your
pictures and detect every single item
inside of it and also for the pig thing
you've done for that Apple all right now
this next theory is in the same vein as
the last one but almost creepier and
that is the theory that Facebook is
listening to you so everybody knows that
when you go on Facebook there's gonna be
a bunch of ads and the ads are usually
related to things you search or Google
or buy on Amazon but then sometimes an
ad will pop up that you've never
searched for but you've just kind of
talked about so because this was
happening so often to people this one
couple decided to do an experiment they
decided that they were going to leave
their Facebook open on their phone and
talk out loud about buying cat food so
we're gonna do a test here and all day
we're gonna talk about cat food we don't
have any cats
we never search for cats especially cat
food let's find out so then they just
started randomly talking about cat food
all day around there for cat food cuz I
could use some cat food well the cat is
almost out of food so we might need some
cat food we should buy some cop
and then guess what happened two days
later and there you have it cat food so
I guess Facebook does listen oh by the
way this came in two days later I think
how how does that happen why does that
happen
have they hacked to your microphone have
they hacked everything now of course
after this one viral and everybody
started freaking out about it somebody
at Facebook said this I run ads product
at Facebook we don't and have never used
your microphone for ads just not true I
don't know listen I don't believe him
yeah but who knows maybe he's not mine
either way I'm definitely going to do an
experiment in a future video and see if
it works okay now this next theory we're
going to talk about involves one of the
craziest things I've ever seen on TV
that's right Wendy Williams passing out
so it was a lot of fun let's get started
our first caress I know literally one of
the scariest things I've ever seen
I couldn't believe that people were like
making jokes and laughing about it right
away when I saw it I was terrified first
of all let's talk about how it looked
first she gets this look on her face
like she's terrified it was almost like
something inside of her head snapped
then she goes to touch the sign of her
head right before she crashes to the
ground now Wendy and her people are
claiming that she was just dehydrated
apparently I was dehydrated
according to paramedics and instead of
drinking regular water
I had electrolyte drinks and then you
know I went to my own doctors and I'm
fine and then what people were saying
then why were you touching your head
like it hurt she said she was trying to
hold up her crown so so for people
watching when they saw me you know put
my head my hand up it's because I'm
trying to make sure my crown is there
now of course a lot of people online are
saying
wow this is like a metaphor Wendy
Williams fainting while dressed as the
Statue of Liberty is the perfect
metaphor for 2017 and of course a lot of
people are saying oh it was an
Illuminati thing or she was a clone and
then she got turned off before the most
part a lot of people are saying that it
seemed they now one of the main reasons
people think it looks fake is because
her eyes never closed or rolled back
into her head which is what happens when
you pass out and if you look at its side
by side with somebody who's actually
passing out from dehydration it's
different one of them has their eyes
rolled back in their heads so why would
it have been fake why would they have
planned this this is where it gets every
single time a big event happens they say
that the Kardashians Bruce Jenner became
Caitlyn when a really crazy shooting
just happened now this youtuber goes on
to mention of all the other crazy things
that have happened in pop culture that
seemed to distract us from things that
were happening in the world I mean we've
talked about it before people genuinely
think that Britney Spears was hired by
the George Bush administration to do
crazy things to distract us from what
was going on in the White House so
basically any time George Bush and his
people would fuck up or do something
wrong Britney Spears would go crazy and
shave her head and then everybody would
be focusing on that rather than what was
actually going on in the world and then
after she shaved her head and started
wearing a wig she would start publicly
saying things about George Bush like
this honestly I think we should just
trust our president in every decision
that he makes and we should just support
that you know and
and be faithful and what happens do you
trust this president yes I did now
clearly it wouldn't be crazy to think
that they're working together well then
that youtuber goes on to remind us what
happened at the same time as Wendy's
passing out Wendy Williams passed out on
her show the day the Manhattan shooting
the terrorist attack yeah Wendy passed
out
literally at the same time that there
was a very awful terrorist attack in New
York it just kind of makes sense and
Wendy Williams all of a sudden just
fainted on this specific day when
something happened so most people that
would be watching TV and stuff pay
attention to the news know they're gonna
go watch and see what the Cap'n what did
she look like when she fainted now
listen I know this is intense but she's
not wrong I mean that entire day the
number one a trending topic and Twitter
moment was not the shooting in New York
it was Wendy Williams and why did she
pass out on live TV seriously every
single Twitter moment was about Wendy
Williams
I mean people stopped talking about that
New York terrorist attack in like two
seconds which is crazy oh but don't
worry we got 24/7 news coverage of Wendy
Williams and why she passed out so was
that a distraction was that planned I
don't personally think so but I mean it
definitely looks sketchy okay let's
lighten it up for a second and talk
about something was stupid now we even
talked about poppy in a while but I have
been getting so many people requesting
me to bring this up a clip surface of
poppy back in 2015 on the Disney show
Jessie and she did not look like poppy I
know we'd like to see her not like huh
but just like a normal girl in the
background with a normal girl haircut
and a normal girl face weirds me out
well even weirder supposedly poppy is
friends with Debbie Ryan who was the
star of Jesse there's even a video of
them like hanging out while poppy is
making videos so then it makes you think
Debbie Ryan Disney Channel Disney
Channel evil Illuminati poppy Illuminati
evil what if Disney Channel is behind it
or what if poppy got her inspiration
from the Disney Channel and saw what was
going on with Jesse behind the scenes
like I'm gonna write some music about
this either way it is just weird to see
poppy not being poppy okay so this next
thing we're going to talk about is
unfortunately something we've been
talking about so much lately and that is
more child molesters being exposed so as
you know Kevin Spacey has been outed as
a child molester so many actors have
come out lately saying that he touched
them inappropriately when they were
underage and it wasn't even just young
guys it was any guy
well Kevin Spacey's own brother came out
and said this his fans love the sinister
characters he plays but he's not acting
that's really him in reality he was a
monster Oh his own brother who probably
knows him better than anybody literally
just said he's a monster now this is
something Hollywood has known about for
ever and Seth MacFarlane has even joked
about it on Family Guy years ago ten
bucks five bucks
eight bucks and I'll do it to find help
I've escaped from Kevin Spacey's
basement help me but I told you a few
months back in a conspiracy video that
there are so many cha molesters in
Hollywood that are protected and Kevin
Spacey was one of them I knew like I had
heard the stories but I was too afraid
to say anything because it wasn't like
directly connected to me like it didn't
happen to me but I knew he was one of
the guys that was out there possibly
molesting people and then it got exposed
and that is just the beginning
okay now let's end this video with
something fun and light-hearted because
this is just too much
so while ago we talked about movie
posters that look identical to each
other but I have learned recently that
it is not just movie posters I got an
email from a fan named Macy and she said
hey Shane have you ever looked into the
fact that there's a bunch of the album
covers that look the same and oh my god
I'm just gonna take you through a few of
these and you're literally not gonna
believe it
first we have a sane and little Wayne
literally the same album covers maybe
it's intentional I think it might be
intentional but either way that's crazy
then we have beyonce and ellie goulding
hair blowing in the wind fur coat only
covering your breasts that's showing
your
but same cover then you have Bjork and
Britney Spears same pose saying look
into the camera and then this one
literally didn't even try to look
different you have no doubt and demi
lovato literally the same cover the same
font the same colors they just threw
Demi in there and even weirder the no
doubt and Perrin Brown book they just
changed it from red to orange and the
list goes on Christina Aguilera looks
just like Madonna's Britney Spears looks
just like Mariah Carey's Earth Wind &
Fire looks just like iron made and then
there's these three albums that look
identical and they're very strange yeah
all of these albums somebody holding a
face in front of their own face then of
course we have Michael Jackson and
Madonna but the one that weirds me out
the most that's like the closest is this
one yeah
same pose hand over the head similar
text on the sides of the body the wind
blowing the hair literally the same
Hager I mean I don't know where they
intentional where the accidents did some
artists just say like no I really like
that one move it take it I don't know
but either way there's a ton of them and
there's even more than I showed you
today but one of them that might be
intentional is Taylor Swift's new album
reputation people are saying it's
supposed to look similar to Kanye West's
album the life of Pablo yeah look at
them side by side the way the text is
overlapping the way it feels like
newspaper columns is intentional miss
Taylor Swift trying to get underneath
Kanye skin personally I think yes but
either way I guess we'll never know
okay now this last theory we're going to
talk about is kind of a continuation of
something we've been talking about a lot
and that is kaamika Jenkins as we've
talked about before kanika Jenkins was a
girl that was found in the freezer dead
bay hotel but things weren't adding up
it did not seem like she just walked in
there alone it seemed like possible
murder but they closed the case and now
we just don't have answers but then I
started thinking about something and I
remembered a story that happened a while
back that's very similar to this let's
talk about ELISA Lam now as you might
remember ELISA Lam was the girl that was
stumbling around a hotel and went into
an elevator
pressing all the buttons now there was
footage of her walking in and walking
out of the elevator it seemed like
somebody was telling her what to do or
guiding her huh that sounds familiar
Kanika Jenkins stumbling around a hotel
room security cameras are capturing it
she looks like she's being guided
well of course koneko was found dead in
the freezer and ELISA was found dead
floating in the water tower on the roof
of the hotel but when both autopsies
were done not much was found and those
answers Mike won't be coming for a while
yet we spoke with the LA coroner's
office today who told us the cause of
death remains inconclusive and finding
out how ELISA Lam died will require more
tests so both girls died in hotels under
mysterious circumstances and then the
cases were both closed well then I
started looking into it and I found that
ELISA had a tumblr page and there were
some disturbing the stuff on it and one
of the posts before she died she said I
have arrived in la-la land and there was
a monstrosity of a building next to the
place I'm staying then she said I'm
going out tonight
I really hope no creeper comes near me
then in one of her blog post she was
complaining about a creepy guy being in
her hotel now when her body was found in
that water tower she was naked she
didn't have her phone and there was even
evidence of anal bleeding also there was
no way she could have gotten to that
water tower alone like literally but
they said the case was inconclusive and
they closed it and nobody else was
involved with her death so there's a
theory that she did have a creepy
stalker and it was somebody that was
watching her every move on her tumblr
page and when she was saying she was
afraid of a creeper and that she felt
unsafe those might have been true well
then you're probably thinking why was
she touching all the buttons in the
elevator well it's often said that young
travelers are told to throw off their
attacker so if your elevator is hitting
multiple floors the attacker might not
which one you're on I don't know I think
both cases are so similar
I mean clearly kanika had some assault
happened to her and clearly she was
thrown into that freezer and clearly
ELISA had something very similar and was
put in that water tower but why was it
just murders that the hotels were
covering up because they didn't want
people to be like oh my god this hotel
is not safe we can't stay here
or the hotels in on it and the goal was
to preserve the bodies I guess I'll just
keep looking into it but it looks like
cases are closed well there you guys go
hopefully you enjoyed all of those
creepy conspiracy theories today and if
you like these conspiracy videos and you
want more of them please give me a
thumbs up so I know also if you want to
show all your friends and the rest of
the world how much you love conspiracies
and how you're crazy just like me well
then head on over to my Amazon store and
get my own loominatee pom socket it'll
show everybody that yes you're crazy all
right you guys I'm gonna go make sure to
subscribe and hit the notification bell
right down below because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see all my other conspiracy videos
I've done a lot I'll put a link to a
playlist right down below all right you
guys remember don't believe everything
you see
bye
