hey have you guys really quick before
this video starts I just want to let you
know that there is a brand new video on
the psychic twins channel that I am in
and they predicted a bunch of things
that are going to happen to celebrities
this year and they predicted some shit
about fifth harmony Justin Bieber Selena
Gomez shit that blew my mind so go check
it out I'll put the link right down
there and enjoy the rest of video it's
finally happening hey listen guys yes
today I'm going to be making a giant red
velvet milkshake let's get started I
have so many writer velvet treats I
don't know where to start
okay we'll start with the base now
listen they didn't have a red velvet ice
cream which is crazy because why like
they have every other kind of ice cream
while in that red velvet that's like the
most popular flavor they have a birthday
cake and she's obviously the side bitch
Mike red velvet is Beyonce and perfect
link is Rihanna like both good but like
and then aid anti I'm just kidding it
wasn't either of those I was just trying
to appeal to a different audience how
are all my hip-hop fans doing love and
Drake's new al but what happened a
little kids new face I don't know all
right I try that I'm gonna go back to
the Hilary Duff references all right
this is called boom chocolate cookie
core now I feel like this works because
red velvet is technically chocolate but
they painted it red just like little Kim
is technically black but she's being
herself like seriously did you see the
picture it's crazy
Polly she honestly it might be Hilary
Duff all right here we go
once you scoop all of that in there oh
my god oh like me out of my suspense
after a night out I'm just getting out
of respect now you know I had to get the
grab bag with Oreos you know I had to do
it and you know I had to eat like half
of them before I made the video I'm not
gonna lie and say like oh my friend came
over ate these with me now that was me
that was me and Wendy Williams I was
sitting on the couch watching her Ozzy
leaves and she was like how are you
doing and I was like I'm doing pretty
good Wendy doing pretty good all right
so the store come on down now we can't
have a red velvet milkshake without some
red velvet cake now this is the best
that Ralph's has to offer and also the
most depressing because they literally
sell two pieces of cake like not a whole
cake like two pieces again and I guess
they're poor
it's like Oh like for a couple like
wants a piece of cake for dinner
together and like they don't want a
whole cake
yeah that does not happen this is
obviously for one sad person who's gonna
be like Monday Tuesday and then what's
gonna happen is Monday with it like
Monday night and Monday night 30 minutes
later so let's just pop our Monday in
there and we'll leave this for Monday 5
minutes after I'm done make a video now
I could not do a giant milkshake video
without bringing back the Queen she
always makes an appearance she always
kills it she is the Shakira snack foods
like we all trust her sometimes we don't
love what she's serving like for every
hips don't lie there's like that weird
song about soccer that I don't get but
like sometimes she is that she-wolf
and she fucks me up it's a pop-tart now
today we are getting some Chi wolf
realness because it is red velvet
pop-tarts nowaday the soccer song would
be like anything with Jam does not into
it but red velvet ooh my hips don't lie
they don't they're very big because of
it
oh god it's not so good oh my god oh
look at the with you oh this one is real
wet on the inside ah ah I wasn't even
trying to make that sound it just
actually happen I turn into a cartoon
dog eating out of the trash
oh yeah roll it up now I can't talk
about the queen of Latin punk without
bringing up the princess of EDM I don't
know what that means
electronic dick maker elephant Dawg
mating escalators don't move we just
think they move
am i okay whatever little Debbie's now I
love Little Debbie snack cakes obviously
because there is one I'll be honest guys
these food videos are getting to me um
it is getting harder and harder to uh
not eat everything afterward and buy
harder I mean I just eat everything
afterward and I'm not even trying
but like it's okay this Little Debbie
loves me and that's all I need right
look at her face though she's like um
yeah totally Shane I love you no matter
what size you are now let's go see what
Marquis pliers do it cuz I want to shove
it yeah Oh Wendy bitches ain't loyal
alright one of those I don't know why I
bought these these are like special cave
a street pops or something
it was healthy like we need one healthy
treat and by one I mean I'm going to
take this I'm gonna break it in half
break in half again take a nibble spit
it out and tell that bitch to go fucker
so we don't need you time for a cupcake
these are tiny little baby cupcakes and
I love them so much because you can eat
like one of them and feel satisfied and
then you just you know put it back in
the cabinet and you go I don't need
another one up good and then you say I
love lying to myself
I'm having 10 cupcakes later you're me
all right so squish one of those in
there Lulu that was cute I love the way
does that you see that yeah now these
are just frosted cookies that are red
velvet flavored they're kind of hard
oh they're soft on the inside so it's
the opposite of me like I'm soft on the
outside very hard on the inside my dad
is a Twinkie the inside is a warders
original i'ma break yo teeth in the
lender this blender is getting very far
this might be the most bowl blender I've
ever seen but we're gonna keep on going
right so now we're what you add but
everybody's been waiting for the cream
cheese frosting oh my god I love cream
cheese frosting so fucking much take a
little bite the acoustics in here great
oh my god I don't know why it's so good
cause like the thought cheese mixed with
my dessert makes me sick but for some
reason when you mix cheese with whatever
the fuck is in here kills it like
pitbull alone not feeling it pitbull and
Ke$ha it's goin now what are all my
references to the music I'll switch it
up my next reference will be I thought
childhood no are to do that too much
movies are to do that too much Hilary
Duff I've already done that's wise
breathing in a while since I've
mentioned her this actually looks like
her this looks like something you wear
in the video for sure all right here we
go they go clomp oh and finally we have
to add the liquid which is chocolate
milk now they didn't have red velvet
chocolate milk which by the way we're
off to get on that but this should work
just fine weird once you pour all of
that in here oh my god oh fuck do you
see it seeping down the fucking sides
oh my god
okay here we go here we go it's going
down how about I have this like my nose
the whole time
oh fuck I don't give up let's do this
she needs a little shake all right goes
again yeah
oh my god this is looking real gross but
it's okay we're just gonna keep reading
and hope it fixes I just realized my red
velvet up shake is being made in a red
blender fucking killing it alright I
think it's done oh look at that oh okay
oh I'm so excited okay okay okay okay so
first I think I should line up the cup
with chocolate cuz like she thinks being
she okay see that see that then I'm just
going to pour Oh God
ah fuck this might be the prettiest most
like consistent smooth beautiful wine
I've made so far okay on top I was gonna
do what cream but then I was like you
know what let's just put a whole piece
of cake on there we're gonna put Monday
night on top Monday night on top it'll
be a great song for Beyonce Beyonce I've
referenced you four times in this video
today that's enough free to follow me
right oh my god oh she's bleeding
alright she's bleeding when it's okay
okay uh oh my god okay guys look ah that
fucking wizard rape
oh my god okay let's do this here we go
Oh
oh my god oh my god Monday on top Monday
on top Oh
top now Beyonce will steal that Rihanna
you can't have it this is very very good
in a different way than it usually is
usually the milkshakes are extremely
sweet to a point where like honestly if
anybody tried to drink them they'd die
this one's he's like well you could
actually get a restaurant like I think I
just made the Cheesecake Factory is in
the next signature dish it's like sweet
it's like crunchy it's like smooth you
can taste the cream cheese frosting the
taste of fucking weird oh oh oh it's so
good oh and that cake on top just
imagine what's gonna happen like you
know at the end of the milkshake it kind
of depressed you're like well the
milkshakes gone huh guess I'll just sit
on the couch and watch Wendy Williams
not anymore bitch cuz when I milkshakes
gone you got that piece of cake left and
Wendy's gonna be like how you doing
you're gonna be like real good Wendy I'm
still doing real good
Oh real honey I was enjoy me making this
insane milkshake we should give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe I think
it is it soothing let me know down the
comments what kind of a chick I should
make next and I will see you little red
Velvets tomorrow bye theory goes to be a
little menotti the people in charge of
everything sometimes have to wipe out
certain celebrities for whatever reason
maybe they don't need them anymore maybe
they're about to speak out they want to
get rid of them honestly I don't know
the reasons out questionably loominatee
