I did that to somebody and then they
yanked my wig once I was like oh cuz of
one and they were down on the ground it
was a little Latino twink and I felt so
sorry I was like I'm so sorry I didn't
help them up though I'm like girl don't
you touch my hair no I got so mad I love
fighting hey what's up you guys yes
today we're gonna be talking about more
conspiracy theories now they don't all
have a common theme except for the fact
that they are terrifying and keep me up
at night especially the Hilary Duff one
but we'll get to that later today we're
going to start with the conspiracy
theory that Paul Walker was actually
murdered so as you guys know back in
2013 Paul Walker was killed in a car
accident with his friend the car went a
hundred miles per hour right into a pole
and exploded now after some of the
pictures of the wreckage came out a lot
of people started questioning whether or
not that was actually a car incident
the car was totaled beyond belief and
honestly it didn't really look like it
just hit a pole kind of look like
something blew it up and there's no
footage of the actual crash there's just
footage of the car exploding and you
can't really see much and that's when a
lot of people started wondering maybe
something did hit the car it wasn't just
a crash maybe it was another so you're
probably wondering why would anybody
want to assess me Paul Walker he's just
some nice movie star is nerd anybody
well supposedly the story is that he was
associated with the Philippines typhoon
Relief Fund and supposedly he found out
that there was some kind of scam going
on you know some of the funds were being
used for things he didn't understand
there was some embezzlement and
basically Paul found out about it and he
was about to publicly speak about it and
talk about how he did not want to be
associated with them and supposedly they
got wind of it that's when I decided to
get rid of him obviously I'm not saying
that's what happened it's just a theory
this isn't the first time that there's
been scams or a bezel meant when it
comes to relief funds and it kind of
makes you wonder maybe he was murdered
which brings us to our second conspiracy
theory which is that a lot of
celebrities are ordered when they say
they're not theory goes that the
Illuminati the people in charge of
everything sometimes have to wipe out
certain celebrities for whatever reason
maybe they don't need them anymore maybe
they're about to speak out they want to
get rid of them honestly I don't know
the reasons I'm questioning the
Illuminati but if you notice a lot of
celebrities die in the same way and a
lot of them dying without anybody seeing
I'm going to read you a list of some
celebrities and how they died and it's
probably going to get you think of it
Whitney Houston died of drugs alone in
her bathroom Heath Ledger died of drugs
alone in his house Philip Seymour
Hoffman died of drugs alone in his
bathroom Jim Morrison died of drugs
alone in his bathroom Michael Jackson
died of drugs alone in his home Robin
Williams committed suicide alone in his
home Cory Monteith died of drugs alone
in hotel room Kurt Cobain died of
suicide alone in his hotel room Jimi
Hendrix died of drugs alone in his home
Janis Joplin died of drugs alone in her
home Marilyn Monroe died of drugs alone
in her home Anna Nicole Smith died of
drugs alone in her hotel room Amy
Winehouse died of drugs alone in her
home and Brittany Murphy died of
pneumonia alone in her home so obviously
there's a pattern here all these
celebrities are dying with no witnesses
they're all drugs for unknown causes or
suicide and nobody really ever questions
it because I guess people are like
little celebrities are depressed
sometimes they do drugs it makes sense
that that many that many died alone and
don't you ever notice that it's always
three celebrities that die in a row
usually within days of each other for
example back in 2009 I'm Michael Jackson
Farrah Fawcett and Ed McMahon
all died in the same week even this year
David Bowie
Alan Rickman and Celine Dion's husband
they all died in the same week I don't
know something just does not seem right
about that now this next theory is
something that actually really scares me
for some reason anything involving space
or
or any of that stuff just really keeps
me up at night and this one is no
different the theory is that the moon is
not real now there's been a lot of
conspiracy theories about the moon I
want to do a whole separate video about
it there's conspiracy theories that the
moon landing never happened and that
that was all fake there's a theory that
the moon is actually Hollow and aliens
or people live inside of it and then
there's the hologram theory now the
theory is that the movement is actually
a hologram and you do the government or
aliens are projecting it now it sounds
kind of dumb then this happened a man
was filming the moon on his camera one
night and he saw what looked to be a
glitch check it out so I'm filming one
night looking for objects I panned my
camera down and the wave starts this
hologram wave I don't notice it and then
it catches up to the camera and I do
notice it I glanced at the moon but when
you're staring at things you know you
don't know whether it's your eyes or
what and then I noticed the second wave
coming and at this point I'm thinking
it's my camera what the fuck seriously
think about it what does that even mean
I mean is it that out of the realm of
possibility I mean think about what
they've done with Holograms in the last
few years when they had Tupac and
Michael Jackson and those looked crazy
real well I'm sure aliens have
technology that's like a thousand
bajillion times better than ours but
course they can project a moon what if
they're projecting everything what if
we're not even here what if we're just
projections Oh God so this is where my
brain starts spinning and then I start
getting really scared I mean I put on
one of those virtual reality things the
other day and it was incredible it was
like I was on another plane I think
about it aliens probably have that
technology and they probably had it
forever and much better than ours what
if we are just their virtual reality
speaking of things that are fucking
terrifying and I will never sleep again
we are going to be talking next about
the Denver Airport which some people
think is actually hell so a lot of
people will be talking about the Denver
Airport for a long time for numerous
reasons some people have said that the
exit arrows are very confusing and they
lead to each other and there's literally
no exit some people say that the
security checkpoints literally will
disappear turn around they're gone
there's long corridors that lead to
nowhere one of the terminals has a huge
statue and it is literally the ancient
Egyptian god of death also right when
you walk into the airport there's this
huge terrifying horse statue with these
red glowing eyes and the scariest part
is it actually killed
when he was done part of the statue fell
on him in his studio and he died from
blood loss perfect a haunted horse
exactly what I want to see when I'm
getting on a fucking plane also if you
look up from the sky all the runways
create what looks to be a swastika and
that's not even the scariest part
there's art all over the airport that's
literally symbols of hell you have a
statue of a demon crawling out of a
suitcase comforting you have a huge
mural that has like refugees living in a
basement you have the Lord of Death
stabbing into a fucking bird and not
just any bird the dove of peace he's
killing it people are crying in the
pictures you have people wearing gas
masks running from gases that are
killing them there's a painting of a
bunch of children crying over an open
casket of their dead mother and then you
have animals dying and being tortured
explosions blood tears it's very fucked
up and a lot of people said when they're
in the airport they feel really uneasy
they feel like something really bad is
going to happen they feel things
watching them when they're in the
bathroom they can feel something
breathing down their neck literally a
airport full of demons makes you wonder
though the devil did want to slowly
start taking over the world it would
make sense for him to kind of live in an
airport it's where people are coming and
going and spreading so safe travels now
I have been wanting a Hilary Duff
conspiracy my whole life I googled it
pretty much every week I've had the
internet and nothing ever pops up she's
just too perfect but then today I saw
something that I'm not seeing yet and it
was hilarious but also very scary check
out this poster for Magic Mike part two
does it look oddly familiar to you kind
of like you've seen that before well
it's because you have check out the
poster for the Lizzie McGuire Movie
bitch hello that's the same fucking
poster now I don't really know if the
conspiracy is maybe that Hilary Duff is
Channing Tatum which would be crazy
honestly bisexual crush goals but it
makes you wonder maybe there's a lot
more movie posters out there that are
literally the same maybe tell us apply
metal messaging maybe those types of
posters get you to go see the movies I
know I definitely saw those movies
that's a lie I didn't see Magic Mike
that's just because I wasn't comfortable
with myself yet but unfortunately that's
all I have for Hilary Duff dammit if you
have any good Hilary Duff conspiracy
theories please leave me in the comments
I really need one
aren't you guys those are all the
conspiracy theories we
for today if you want me to keep doing
these videos let me know by giving me a
thumbs up and also subscribe new videos
fixing the date and I'll put a link in
the description for a playlist of all my
other conspiracies of their videos if
you're feeling like you want to never
sleep again
right you guys I'm gonna go I will see
you little conspiracy there is star I
also taste I'm not gonna lie I don't
know what the fuck I'm talking about
it is like chicken there is a hint of my
mom's pussy that's too far it is though
and it's giving me Christmas feels
