cousins and Ibaka's as well oh my god
will it be not everybody we talked about
my nails know about that we talk about
youtubers we talked about Ricky Dillon
we talked about who check out bong has
links down there so club back on social
ad friends bye good morning hey guys
yes today I'm once again going to be
eating food while you watch me just like
when I watch myself eat food except I'm
not naked in front of a mirror cry
anyway is KFC's here and she's ready to
play so yes this is not hash tag spawn
but honestly they sponsor me that would
make my holidays a lot easier my mom has
never ever cooked her idea
cooking is taking one of the biscuits
from KFC that wasn't chicken on it but
some macaroni cheese on put some coals
on it some crunch and then drizzle a
little bit of gravy on top her sauce and
then a little bit of honey for sweetness
and then the other bun and then you have
this saddest fat sandwich you've ever
seen in your life
that is literally every Christmas so
today I'm going to be reliving all of my
holiday memories with this bag filled
with the kernel or as I called him dad
let's get started
first end of the try something that I've
actually not tried before this is like
kind of what they're famous for this is
called actually I have no idea what the
fuck it's called but it's a ball of shit
and I'm ready to eat it so it's kind of
like everything they make in One Bowl
kind of like if you took all the videos
I make and put it in one video well it'd
be a lot of dick jokes in a lot of
galaxies it would be one huge galaxy
dick would you by the way one time I did
a galaxy video and then I had like food
dye all over my fingers and I went to P
galaxy my dick I was gonna snap it but
then I was like too far and I did it
anyways
follow me on now okay here we go so this
has what seems to be some fried chicken
a hair oh oh my god
okay I'll be fine it's a green hair that
means a lot of things no offense to the
green hair community but if you have
green hair I just feel like you don't
wash your hands that much I feel like
you don't give no fucks and I feel like
that hair has been a lot of places that
I don't want my mouth to be come on god
it's okay though I'm just gonna eat from
the other side of it away from the
coachella hair okay so get a little bit
of chicken okay
smashed potatoes loose and corn god I
hope that's gravy is white bow green
hair bitch I swear to God if you fuck my
bowl have enough to find a new place to
go on Christmas oh my god she's the
Grinch ruining my Christmas with her
green pussy okay let's do this
go I mean come the fuck on oh my god now
I finally get those stupid fucking hats
your momma boom no Gong if people were
just excited about chicken I mean it's
everything I was expecting - the hair it
was salty it was sweet it was crunchy it
was Christmas it was Thanksgiving it was
Easter I am not kidding this is
literally every meal at my mom's house
you know that song I saw Mommy Kissing
Santa Claus my subbamma fucking Colonel
Sanders oh he had his weighing on her
breast it was a lot the gravy look at me
started on the grid let's move on to the
next food ah fuck me Colonel set my mom
this is macaroni and cheese oh my god I
love their fucking macaroni cheese so
much now I'm not like a huge macaroni
cheese fan like if I go to a buffet and
there's like a huge bit of macaroni
cheese I'm not really talking with that
there's just something about the sound
it makes me put that big metal spoon in
it like like just reminds me so much of
my mom fucking Colonel Sanders but like
a tiny little Bowl I can do oh god I
hear it listen yeah oh it's okay colonel
Shane's asleep sorry got an extra
crunchy today it's been a few days since
that shower oh god I love my family here
we go
once again Colonel is fucking my mouth
but kissing me on the forehead while he
does it I just don't know why this food
is good cuz like it is fast food like
the people who make it where no gloves
the bathroom toilets are always clogged
and the floor sometimes has blood on it
but for some fucking reason their food
kills it the only thing I missed though
is like these are new these tiny little
fucking Rubbermaid bowls I used to love
those big ass like it was like these
styrofoam bowls go in the sound they
made when you screw the bottom trying to
get that extra cheese you can't really
do that with this although it's easier
to get to the bottom of your tub Colonel
he's smart so mine I guess I got it for
my dad again alright let's move all
right
this is something I've never tried
before this is called a chicken little
oh my god I just imagine that little
chicken from that movie chicken little
and that motherfucker run around his
stupid-ass glasses and he's like this
guy is following this guy is following
all the kids are like jaw hitch and then
guess what happened the sky fell guess
what happened to all those bullies that
called him a faggot they die and guess
what when they die nobody gave a fuck
and guess what Chicken Little he's the
president now yeah some of that story
was fricking little sums from my life
especially the faggot part and then the
other part was just Obama but like you
get the gist haters all die let's eat
some chicken little though this is
giving me like giant trying to sleep in
a twin sized bed like her feet are
popping out her hair's draping over the
side her ass is hanging off the bed
basically me in summer camp oh my god
which by the way one time at summer camp
I was in the top bunk and let's just say
I was a bed wetter are we surprised no
was it from emotional issues mm-hmm did
I ever get over it do I still sometimes
wake up another night covered in my own
piss and go my problems uh-huh well
that's what this reminds me of wait I
look going to tell a story
I don't remember let's see what is in
this oh I love that I love that just one
sad fucking pickle why do they even put
her on there you could have just left
that off like if you're gonna put the
pickle on there
give her some dignity put her in the
middle maybe give her a pickle friend
this is like me when I really should
shower but I'm like you know what nobody
will notice if I just dab some Bed Bath
and Body Works shit on my armpits maybe
put a baby wipe in my ass and maybe take
a piece of gum put on my finger and just
brush my teeth with it
guess what Shane they notice they all
notice your trash let see oh god ah hold
on ah why did that pickle taste like I
had a bone in it oh my god that was
chicken little scar ah all infos oh my
oh my hated oh god oh god oh I'm
starting to understand freely so much
more now oh my god
who would eat that there were actual
bones in it why would you want to
sandwich with bones in it like even
cannibals are like gross like if I'm
gonna eat a bitch you better to bone her
oh my god you think cannibals make
sloppy joes but like actually taking a
person named joe cut them up and eat a
bit sloppy cannibal goals next food all
right now I'm just gonna go in on this
this is piece chicken you know I mean
like I know we all know what it tastes
like come on I think at KFC I'm not try
a ver famous chicken which has what like
a secret ingredients or something I'm
gonna try to guess what they are here we
go oh oh oh I got to another bone do I
not know how to eat chicken you know I'm
just so used to Nuggets there's no bones
in those because those are chicken this
has actual like little legs in it oh my
god it will ending at the spine oh my
god that's a spine oh my god oh my god
all right I'm just gonna lift the leg up
and try to get some of that under than
me captain me oh why is this so gross to
me Oh Oh I think that's in here
doesn't your hello can you hear me okay
hold on let me just get some of this
skin maybe all right there we go I love
like nearly a white privilige guy going
in gross fried chicken it's so crazy
you cut to like in Africa when you're
like actually killing the chickens
themselves with their bare hands they're
like sucking off the neck and they're
like um this is Thomas fuck and it was
free because I found that chicken and I
killed him I didn't have to postmates it
oh here we go
okay fat peas will go okay so the
flavors obviously flour milk butter eggs
and I only know that because I fry
things I mean I don't fry food I
probably like iPhones and Barbie dolls
but like it's things I also taste I'm
not gonna lie I don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about
a day like chicken there is a hint of my
mom's pussy that's too far it is though
and it's giving me Christmas feels all
right last food oh my god you know I had
to do it you know could not do it we got
the chocolate chip cake now this cake is
so bomb as fuck now you probably look at
this cake you're like oh that's
a basic chocolate cake no no it is so
wet inside it is so chunky it is so
moist it is all the adjectives used to
describe my legs when I try to wear
skinny jeans it is just a lot in one
thing oh so we're just gonna take oh my
god oh my god fuck heels like a brownie
but it also just like a cinnamon roll
like it feels like hot like a donut like
I feels like everything I've ever wanted
it once like nerves have Captain
America's Civil War like all their
superheroes in one place I got this and
this is something to marvel at this is
something that's gonna avenge my asshole
later my toilet better be made out of
iron man to take this dough right Lizzie
oh my god oh my god I don't even have
any jokes it's just so long I understand
why somebody would eat this whole thing
like I don't even have to be depressed
to eat this whole thing I don't even
have to be happy I can have no emotions
and still eat this whole thing
so me oh my god something huh do I
remind myself up right now can't put my
finger on it
yeah that's me poor guys go that was me
drying KFC foods and honestly living my
dream make sure to give this video
chocolate-covered thumbs up and
subscribe new videos every single day I
don't see you little chicken little
tomorrow bye oh wow mmm it looks like a
science project it actually looks you
know what that looks like it could win
the science fair like I don't know what
you would call this I guess you would
call it how to make radioactive human
waste without using an ass but honestly
blue ribbon and I'm fucking ready
