hey guys yes today I'm going to be doing
another crazy gummy bear concoction why
I have no fucking idea neither of them
have been good I did pizza and then I
did ranch oh my god
but if I want to put those motherfuckers
to get there it still would be gross but
I do have fun making it so fuck it
today we're gonna do bacon now I
couldn't find like bacon flavoring at
the store because I guess America's not
that fat I mean we're fed enough for
like birthday cake everything and like
10,000 flavors of Oreos but we're not
fat enough for bacon flavor you know
what I could do if I had liquid bacon
flavor export my cereal I could put in
my diet coke I could wash my whole body
with it so I could smell exactly how I
feel like a pig yeah anyway so let's get
started okay so here I have my little
Bowl this is the one that you cook the
shit in and then it fucking turns into
jelly I don't know not a cooking channel
Oh Oh water in my ass oh my god you guys
can't see this forever let's show you
daddy made a mess also do you love that
I'm wearing this like nice flannel top
with fuckin basketball shorts
did I mention I've never played
basketball in my life okay yet all right
well let me refill this and also dry off
my balls
okay come back and dry and I'm wearing
different basketball shorts you gotta
have more than one pair he had all that
basketball I play
okay so first we're gonna be adding the
gelatin fuckin powder shit I like on the
cover it's like a picture of a beautiful
pie and then a picture of a beautiful
milkshake and I'm making bacon flavored
gummy bears it's exactly how I feel when
I go to like Souplantation or sizzler or
one of those about babe laces and like
the picture is like this beautiful
handcrafted salad with that good usual
bit of cole slaw thus far and then I'm
like gray can i put pizza bread and
mashed potatoes on it whoo you know be
good as dressing macaroni cheese oh fuck
instead of croutons they talk to use
meatballs and then it literally just
looks like vomit that's me they go trash
can oh ha let's do this okay
we're mixing that in hey who doesn't it
look delicious all right don't you just
want to make a whole bunch of these and
bring them to school for your crayons
you want to kill your friends that's how
you're going to do do you guys remember
in school when used to
today and you would like bring a little
empty bag and all your friends okay
little mountains into them mean uber
that never happened I mean I brought my
pack but yeah that bad does that do the
other day except one time my teacher
gave me a letter it was like a letter
asking if I needed help but like it was
a letter okay now time to add the bacon
bacon first of all they're called
Bacon's buds which I love if I ever meet
a friend who loves food as much as I do
we're gonna be bacon buddies okay so
we're just gonna do a little bit than
this cuz like we just want the flavor
you know just the essence so just a -
perfect
oh my god oh no what I love the smell of
fake processed meat crumpled up into
tiny little dry ass pieces look at that
that looks like breakfast of champions I
hate when people say breakfast is the
most important part of the day
um that's a lie eggs bacon cereal fuck
off you know I would eat for breakfast
if I could actually whatever I wanted
full apple pie and that's it I don't
even need a fork bitch I'll just use my
face like wake up open the windows nice
Sun hits me in the eye here little
rooster cuckoo walk downstairs turn on
the Morning News get my paper grab my
pie uh I could dream okay now we are
going to add a little bit of ranch with
bacon flavor this is just more for like
consistency I want a creamy gummy bear
is this gonna fuck up the recipe uh-huh
is it probably not going to work ah do
we care
no that's why I love this channel so
much do we care if things work out
no okay now it is time to put this book
well whatever it is in the microwave
this is going to smell a lot well it
smell like
who knows
I don't know I've never cooked a bowl
filled with bacon bits and range with
work I mean I've eaten but I just like
eat that uncooked all right here it is
oh my god Wow mmm it looks like a
science project it actually looks you
know what that looks like I could win
the science fair
like I don't know what you would call
this I guess you would call it how to
make radioactive human waste without
using an ass but honestly blue ribbon
and I'm fucking ready that kid made that
fucking Mouse maze fuck yourself that
fucking kid who had an aide go into a
bottle um we can all do that Jerry
you're not fucking special Jerry I don't
care that your mom didn't help you Oh
your mom's dead well sorry about that
but my shits better I'm gonna put this
in for a little bit longer because I
feel like I should be more bubbly up on
fire while that's heating Jerry this
time there is no Jerry by the way if you
guys didn't catch that Jerry's a made-up
person in my head along with a thousand
others one another name's Caitlin Carrie
Sam pepper now he's real unfortunately
he's very good okay here we go
Oh God always creating something okay
let's put this in our little mold oh my
god
it is a lot okay it won't excited am i I
don't know what real feelings are
anymore I think I'm excited yeah yeah
I'm excited
okay here we go I'm just gonna pour them
into this little fucking tin oh yeah oh
that looks good and just to show you
guys like what it's looking like yeah Oh
dripping on me okay here I'll give you a
better closer I'll be a good youtuber
there you go oh is that what you wanted
oh my god imagine if this was one of
those like Guru DIY videos with the
music and how gross it would look
okay so we're going to put those in the
freezer for like two hours and then see
what grows okay it is hours later I've
been filming other videos as you can see
here I got my girl next to me Elmo see
you later but the Bears are finally
ready we are going to see if it worked
first of all I'm just going to show you
happy look killing it actually killing
it it's dead
alright let's pop this one out oh oh I
got a little some extra on the head
alright wait okay I'm not gonna lie it
looks actually really cute hold on let
me do a close-up look at it it's bacon
colored I mean you know her back has
like a lot of bits coming out of it
that's not that appetizing but from the
front actually me actually no I'm not
appetizing from any angle okay here we
go let's try this bitch it smells good
not gonna lie alright let's see how it
is oh my god oh my god what did I do
oh my god what did i do oh my god oh no
oh no mmm oh that must be exactly what
nickelodeon felt like when they made
salmon cat like what if we do like we
have the ingredients but then like some
girl fuck up oh my god that that mmm
you know what though maybe if I dip it
in the Twinkie icing maybe that'll be
good
give it a try it made it worse
oh that's like a salmon kappa so we're
like marina cross grove guest stars you
know I mean like you can't fix it
collodion just stop oh my god
fat zero out of ten zero out of negative
negative five thousand out of ten oh god
17 Oh what the fuck is that
why the yellow okay I'm gonna go throw
up shower and just pretend like none of
this ever happened anyways leaving some
comments let me know gummi bears I
should make Magpul maybe something good
blue maybe like alcohol Looney cinnamon
bun I don't know something good also
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe
today and I will see you little gummy
bears tomorrow but you guys are good
coming there you guys are like pina
colada
you guys are like popcorn you guys are
like I see some of you guys you like
bacon bibs
some of y'all like pizza I've seen some
comments she's a mean ass comments you
fucking pizza
blow me bitch for videos real fucking me
