oh my fuck heads up you guys yes today
we are actually going to die I have
every kind of candy ever made and a
bunch of Little Debbie cakes and we're
going to put it all together and make
one big giant cake why honestly no
fucking idea but honestly like why are
we on this planet anyways you know I
mean like what's the meaning of life
nobody knows so like why is she making a
big cake made out of candies and treats
nobody knows so like why should we
question this it's the same fuckin thing
you know that's stayin like who I'm the
guy your mom warned you about I'm the
guy you're dr. orange you about who
don't hang out with Shane that's gonna
really fuck up your BMI I've had friends
say to me Shane I gotta stop hanging out
with you for a while because I'm
actually getting fat I consider that a
compliment anyways here we are in front
of all my food now last time we used
Twinkies as the cake and I'm like you
know we're gonna take it up a notch
we're gonna get fancy today so I know a
little Debbie's fancy cakes now Debbie
I'm gonna be honest with you um you need
to set your standards a little hotter
saran wrap cakes that you throw into a
boxing cell at Target not really fancy
like if they serve this at your wedding
your wife will murder you in your sleep
right after she actually chopped her
dick off with a butcher knife but
honestly relationshipgoals in also on
the box it says inside the white house I
don't know what that means but there is
no way Obama eats this shit and Michelle
are you kidding me with those guns and
we all know how much Michelle loves our
vegetables turn up for what
yeah Michelle Obama killed by anyways
let's get Cajun okay so I have this cake
man here and we are basically just going
to layer these little cakes and put
icing and then candy and icing and a
cake and an icing and then candy and
then icing and then cake and then I
stick em in candy I'm an icing mmm cake
help me okay so we have the little cakes
now let's lay them into like a little
square oh my god this is just like
geometry class actually it is I would
literally eat these during every glass I
smell like cakes so much that people
actually thought I was wearing my
fountain body more vanilla mist and I'd
be like AHA that's exactly what I'm
wearing all right here we go our first
square down guys our first $1,000
instant Bowie fuck okay now I got this
rich in kinda vanilla icing and we are
this one crack is open
oh that's sound you know certain sounds
just take you back that one took me back
to last night when I opened up that jar
and ate half of it all right so we're
gonna take our little professional
scooper we're just gonna
skooby skooby that right on top and oh
fuck wait good close-up oh my god first
of all let me just remind you that these
little cakes already have layers of cake
and icing inside of them so this is what
we call doing too much
Oh God oh fuck cake boss wishes he could
a some Pink's don't even go here Paul I
didn't come up with it though
okay layer one down to which we have
okay I'm gonna give it really simple for
layer 1 so we're gonna do Reese's twig
Snickers butterfingers and sour patch
like I don't want to do too much it's
kind of the equivalent of a girl wearing
85 bracelets and neck shoulder and like
lots of silligans
okay so one Reese is there one there
actually no it let's like do like recess
recess recess recess you know when they
say you say word too much it like loses
its meaning not Reesa Reesa Reesa Reesa
Sri Sri Sri SRI's yep stopa nigut okay
and now we're doesn't wait oh my god
gonna make a little cross because
honestly praise the Lord you don't mean
like he made this oh that is fucking
beautiful happy Easter because the world
is full of different people of like
different races different religions
different sizes we're just going to like
you saw baskets to show that Oh perfect
equality for all all right
icing time oh my god oh fuck fuck fuck
fuck
ha now I don't know who would eat this
cake okay no I'm like I would what I
mean to say is I don't know how long I'm
gonna survive after I eat this cake but
honestly I'll die happy okay next layer
top Klopp Klopp oh my god I wish I could
explain to you the feeling of it it
literally feels like you know that
feeling when you eat so much that your
heart starts pounding and your stomach
feels like it's gonna explode
and you get the sweats and you actually
feel like you're dying that's what it
feels like and it's good next layer
candy okay I don't know about you but I
think it's butterfingers time oh my god
ooh kids next Halloween when you get all
your Halloween candy you should put it
all in a cake and don't tell your
parents I told you to do that because
sometimes they're running you guys at
the mall and the last thing I need is
your parent going you made my kid obese
like I've already made your kids
actually bad people like I don't need
more you don't mean okay and then we're
gonna add some Snickers oh my god oh
fuck fuck yeah oh yeah oooh
and it ends oh my gosh by the way hello
hi makin the biggest bag of Em's you
have great I'll take seven oh my god
guys oh oh well you cannot Sam Oh God oh
that's like when you're at the grocery
store there's a whole lady in front of
you and you're like oh my god hurry the
fuck up I just want to check out and the
cashiers like that'll be $15 and 85
cents
oh great let me just get out my change
just die already
haha M&Ms oh oh oh my god that's what
rain was like I would actually go
outside for once alright next layer up I
see Oh plop plop plop oh my god this
should be illegal actually it might be
illegal this is why I don't have kids I
mean there's a lot of reasons for that
but this is the main one come on kids
make sure to eat your broccoli you want
your dessert my kids would die by 7 next
letter now I'm going to switch it up and
off and get a little fancy on that ass
cuz I got some brochures now I don't
know Ferrero Rocher means but honestly I
don't give a plug it's like half the
shit drag-queen say I don't know the
fucking beans but honestly slay my ass
bitch
snatch my read cunt dry beta Hades yeah
I don't want any of that man but I love
it oh hey we got the forever shares now
we're going to add a little rainbow oh
my god I'm just so happy okay another
televising oh there's the one I already
at half of forget you didn't see that oh
my god Oh actually this might be the
last layer because this cake is going to
fall down my throat oh okay we're going
to try this okay one more layer out of
this we can do it guys one two actually
no it lists you like a small cute little
layer like this it'll keep it stable and
let's put a little frosting on the top
and then we've got a few more candies
but haven't we added yet we haven't
added govern words and gasps oh perfect
oh my god yeah oh this is perfect oh my
god oh okay
and now we're just going to ice the
whole thing oh my god I'm so excited to
cut into this I don't know why it's
gonna look like I'm gonna fuck how
should we do should we ice the sides
yeah we got to make this look
presentable I mean
my wedding cake alright there we go now
it is time to decorate the outside so
I'm gonna go real simple with this and
I'm not saying we just line the bottom
with recent almost like this is our
castle wall and like these are our
little like shields you know from all
the haters oh yeah that's good oh my god
how looks like a little car oh my god is
our shit oh my god honestly I shipped me
in food so hard
hashtag shoot you know most time I'm
gonna guess should be with people you
know in the back your head you like he's
not really with that person you know I'm
with food you know I mean like hashtag
shoot is real okay now I think we should
cover it in sprinkles because it's me
you know it shoot this is our thing oh
I'll make it rain on that ass make it
rain on that ass oh my god oh my god oh
my god
should we having worse we had more what
else you know what let's have a few more
M&Ms oh my god and there you guys have
it our giant candy pink oh my god this
is like actually insane and I'm really
excited it's really beautiful this came
out a lot prettier than I was expecting
look at that who would not fuck that up
listen if I see any comments that are
like a shea nuts grows that's like too
much you are lying to yourself you know
that this was in front of you and there
was nobody else around and someone just
called you fat on instagram and you were
looking at your back fat amiright you're
like is it really that bad is it really
that noticeable you Andy this is that
relatable to anybody except me probably
not anyway let Kitty oh my god I'm so
nervous is it gonna work she's gonna cut
off an end piece and then glob it on my
plate I mean any presentation isn't like
killing it but like this will kill me so
let's eat it okay I don't have a fork
not surprisingly they're all dirty so
we're just gonna use this spatula thing
alright here we go
get a little cake a little candy a
little sprinkle Cheers
oh my god oh my god
mother fucka who Charlie come bedroom
what oh my god the layers this shit is
so fucking layered actually making me
sick
it's so intensely sweet that I actually
are feeling like I'm gonna pass out
that'd be a fun way to end this video I
know this is fucking insane and it kind
of does look like a cake like some more
you take a bite out of it but you can
really see those layers no that just
looks like a pile of shit well it's
delicious shit so I'm still gonna eat it
but my official review is if you've
broken up with if somebody tells you you
are not good enough if somebody tries to
hold you down what are you gonna do
you're gonna go out and show what you're
made of no you're gonna say Albany
bishop well you guys go that was me
making this giant I don't know idea
candy cake cake made out of candy just
chemical explosion all right you guys
make sure to give this video thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and let me know down
the comments what other huge weird kid
got your bank next I still want to try a
cheeseburger cake I just feel like
that's gonna be so gross if you want to
see it I will try it when I use
mayonnaise instead of frosting ooh I'm
lying that sounds really good to me I
was saying you because I want to fit in
with you guys
I would actually bet I will fuck that up
all right I'm nervous by the way if it
did work my hair is now fucked up the
rest of the day I'm gonna have a fucking
stupid curl flying out of it and my
fucking stupid leg uh everybody at
targets gonna laugh at me
