oh sorry I'm sorry I just found a fake
make a picture of you and it looks very
real easy wow you should post that on
Twitter it goes guys there's my phone
really yeah a whole bunch of naked
hey zippy guys yes it is another day we
are going to hack up my face and just
you know laugh at the failures me that
was a teacher and here's your f hahahaha
hell bag so I have some hacks today that
I'm honestly so excited to try because
last time they all worked out and I feel
like we're on a fucking roll
we are butter peanut butter Nutella you
know what I mean like we are I rolled
what are you telling me you don't mix
those three things I put them on a rope
are you telling me you don't ask
whatever restaurant you're at hi can I
get some butter Nutella a peanut butter
oh and then sometimes if they have that
brown bread I asked for a side of ranch
you dip that brown bread ranch it's like
sweet its salty its tangy it's nice
don't even get me started on Hoffs hut
when they give you that muffin what were
we talking about oh that's right not
food beauty acts let's get back to it
now number one is contour slime now I
saw our CEO Beauty did this a while ago
and when I saw her thumbnail I was like
oh she's finally lost her damn mind
bitch is putting shit on her face and I
was like you know what I'm not against
it I'm living that guru life but luckily
it is not actual shit it is actual gross
goop so I made this with Metamucil which
is fiber now if you want to fuck around
with your friends say who wants Tang and
then give them this shit it'll make them
shit their holes off oh my god that
should be their tagline Metamucil shit
you're all off so I just mixed that with
water put in the microwave and it
literally made this oh my god I'm a
scientist
honestly it sounds a much different that
makes giving in my house honey I made
your favorite sweet potato yams lime oh
thanks mom oh fuck yeah you don't need
Metamucil of my house you see mom's
cooking that'll make you shit your hole
off okay so we have our slime and now
what we have to do is mix it with some
Brown foundation this is gonna be real
gross
get ready Lou it's called mocha okay
here we go
pouring in that foundation oh this is
going to be so fucking disgusting on my
face me what I'm about to eat that ass
alright so there it is we're just mixing
it up to our CL what the fuck is wrong
with you oh my god Oh
that looks like Oh like opens an episode
of like what your poop looks like and
dr. Oz was like okay so a healthy poop
is like this and Oprah is like what is
my poop mean mine's like this and dr. Oz
is like David I love Oprah alright so
there's our little slime oh I am not
wanting to put this anywhere near my
face I mean if it was over shit I would
be like you want me to eat your shit
Oprah okay Oprah I'll do anything for
you Oprah I love money do you think she
does that if I was Oprah I would do that
like how much would it cost for you to
eat my shit I don't know like a million
dollars here it is
open your mouth I really scared of
myself and also I'm really into that
question of the day how much money when
it got to eat my shit honestly if it's a
thousand dollars I will pay you and I
will upload that to YouTube okay let's
put this on my face
okay so first I'm gonna put this in a
paper towel and like smoosh it around
just like get all the excess stuff off
oh my god this seal move feels like dog
shit it feels like you know you have
those little doggie bags you're supposed
to have and you take your dog for a walk
nobody has them you just either a let
that dog shit chill in the neighbor's
lawn or be get like a paper towel from
palm and then like pick up the dog shit
and then you know pretend like you're
gonna go throw it away and you just look
Jill neighbors long well this is exactly
what it feels like and I'm probably
gonna go throw it at my neighbor's lawn
oh my god look at what it looks like
when you open it literally Oprah's ass
alright let's do this Oh Oprah why why
can't I eat Wendy Williams ass fuck I
don't even eat Ellen's death oh my god
oh yeah this is definitely not gonna
work all right so let's just zoom in
whoo let me just explain my face I have
a lot going on there's a lot of little
rashes and bumps okay I was eating James
Corden's ass I just love talk-show hosts
ass I just can't get enough all right so
we're gonna take this mmm and she
slapped it on her face that's what we're
gonna do
yeah okay one two three
that felt so degrading oh my god what in
what world is that contour our CL beauty
Helen your crazy-ass world I'm terrified
of law hanger now I really want to
contour the cheekbones let me go a
little harder oh I also want to give
myself you know what slimmer nose okay
this first of all that hurt second of
all I don't want to know how many memes
this is gonna make but please tag me
hashtag Yvette ass
alright let's move on to the next hack
and also I'm gonna wipe this actual
human shit off my face be Rebecca
okay the shit is off my face and I'm
ready to put more shit on it next is a
hack where it makes it look like your
lips are metal now all the pictures of
this looks really cool and honestly
really easy and RCL beauty does not do
this so you know it works now the first
thing you want to do is put on a coat of
lipstick if you want something subtle
which is why I went with day on bitch
wait yeah I don't have anything subtle
none of my characters are subtle like
all my character is trying to give fuck
you know me and none of them do except
when I leave on my costume jerk off
cuz that's like me fucking my character
fucking myself it's real dark let's put
on lipstick okay
just coat those lips okay I gotta
pretend like I don't know how to do this
oh no oh how do I uh I'm a boy I've
never done miss Lamor mom help dad
please don't look I'm sorry I love you
where'd you go
he was never there in the first place it
looks Lee's done so now they have that
on you take some eyeshadow that looks
like metal and then you cover your lips
with that now I'm going with a dark
metal cuz like I'm such a fuckin badass
oh hold on let me block perfect
cover that with oh my god it's fucking
working oh my god wait get closer
oh my god this is fucking awesome holy
fuck guys the hack stars back bitch
fucking clean of hacks is playing once
again the fucking kingdom of hack Ville
has a new leader and she's reigning
supreme I send all the other gurus to
the Gaiety glitter forever Corina Garcia
that one bitch with that crazy accent
who never shows her face go to the
chamber oh my god oh my god it looks
fucking up I'm out this big I never
noticed how fucking huge my elbows until
right now and I'm having a serious
serious dark feeling should I get him
out though what the hell is it mouth job
I'm gonna figure it out oh my god look
at me look how wide it makes my teeth
look oh never mind
hahaha a little farther away there we go
oh my god I am fucking freaking out I'm
freaking the fuck out I look good
seriously my mouth is the biggest mouth
that's ever been I'm so proud of myself
I've never been prouder oh my god I look
like a fucking Lady Gaga album car it's
weird it's confusing it's art oh my god
I look like a kpop star it's loud it's
scary it's music oh my god I'm feeling
this
okay now let's wipe this off and do
another hack once again we are on a roll
bitch we are butter peanut butter
Nutella and marshmallow with today
now our next hack is curling your hair
with a song I'm gonna keep it real this
is the dumbest thing I've ever heard I
do a lot of things with my socks that's
why I only do two things with my socks
one of them is wear them and the other
one is you know let's just say one time
I forgot to put that sock in the dirty
laundry and I wore it the next day and
Michael got pranked
but today we're gonna try to see if
there's another use for it first we're
gonna find a stock we are gonna make
sure that this is not they used yeah no
it's fine also we just talked about how
disgusting my socks on for a second like
Paul Paul let's just say I am NOT a hard
Walker so you know where these holes
came from also it says hands on it and
my mom thought it was so cute when I was
a kid to put a little s in front of it I
thought it was because she was like oh
it's like your name Shane is that cute
she actually did it because she was like
well in school when you're changing in
gym class somebody's definitely gonna
steal your underwear put them on the
flagpole because it's the size of the
flag I pledge allegiance to the shit
stains and that little drop of pee
also why is there blood and somebody
figure that up Oh what's gonna happen
okay so we are just going to put this in
our hair and then just you roll it like
that and then you tie with the rubber
bands and then you just let it sit and
that's your fucking life so we're going
to let this sit while we do the last
hack and then afterward we're gonna take
this out and see if it worked
spoiler alert nope but my hair will be
pregnant okay so next we're going to be
contouring my legs now I didn't know my
leg needed contouring what they said
magazines TV show and all my Instagram
comments I've been don't let me do all
right so here we go you're about to see
the legs are you ready for this I don't
think you're right for this and not like
in a cute way like you're not ready for
this jelly in like a way of like you're
not ready for this mayonnaise let's do
it oh fuck it's really zoom in on those
stems okay first things first
not wearing underwear so something pops
out sorry second big second I don't
really know I mean what is that yeah I
mean hello okay so I guess the point is
to like make them look slimmer so what
we're gonna do is take this little brush
and cover it in this Brown shit and then
we're just gonna like to make a shape so
basically you just want to like paint
over all the fat and every little
stretch mark oh that's looking good oh
yeah does he lift oh yes he does now if
you want to paint over all the
imperfections you have to actually paint
your entire leg I'm just gonna go with
this now you need to blend now I guess
you just kind of like do that a little
bit
look at that jiggle don't you love that
let's get a close-up of that yeah there
you go
fat away okay or through the other side
and uhm gross that does not look good
actually no what hold on
the special guru technique just spit on
yourself bethany mota does it all the
fucking time her Aeropostale perfume is
actually just spit actually you know
what this is not that bad it kind of
looks tan kind of muscley let's just
take off some of the excess I punch got
a knife and hacked off my leg fat just a
little excess coat right and there you
go a big bruise just a big disgusting
bruise nailed it now you can go to the
beach and everybody will say what is
that oh my god look how
and my leg looks now compared to my
other one it's like me before snapchat
filter me after one different fucking
person okay guys it is time to see if my
sock hair hack worked I'm nervous
by the way if it did work my hair is not
fucked up the rest of the day I'm gonna
have a fucking stupid curl flying out of
it and with my fucking stupid leg uh
everybody at targets gonna laugh at me
that's literally the only place I go
target my couch target the bathroom
target come back home go to sleep wake
up go to Target the amount of selfies on
my Instagram of me at Target is
embarrassing I have almost as many
target selfies as other youtubers have
teeth white smile selfies and that's a
lot all right here we go fucking nailed
it I mean who is she
you know what I mean she's scared she's
lost she's confused she's gonna get
asked by a lot of Crips at Target are
you okay and she's gonna say I love her
no I think honestly it's just that there
you go didn't do anything sock hack
didn't work leg hack didn't work so I'm
hack didn't work but metal lip pack that
shit worked and honestly I'm proud of it
hey guys go hopefully when joined
watching me cover my face in human feces
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
little hacker small bye there's
something extra it's like soft it's like
hard it's like thick it's like thin
honestly it doesn't know what the hell
it is it's me 2008 hi miss who are you
