hey guys yay I'm here the Gabi so we
just did a podcast how'd it go it was a
lot of fun he told some secrets in there
we told some secret she talked about her
naked pictures leaking we talked about
what she's looking for in a man and me
and Jess had sex with her twice check it
out I'll put the link down there
soundcloud.com flush ain't friends hey
the big eyes yes today I'm going to be
trying something that I haven't never
ever drive putting bedsheet over my ear
so I can't see my own reflection no I've
done that for years today I'm going to
be trying foods from Dairy Queen now I
know what you're thinking Shane how have
you never tried Dairy Queen you
literally are the Dairy Queen like you
got that fat ass and sitting on that
dairy throw like you slayed all the
loyal subjects and by subjects I mean
sprinkles and by Slade I mean ate a lot
I know it's shocking I've never had very
clean and I know that it's supposed to
be really good and they're blizzards
you're famous and my villagers are
famous too I mean they're not like ice
cream blizzards it's more like dandruff
wizards and if I can't delicious it's
like more disgusting but either way I'm
excited to try something new okay so I
got four different blizzards and a
little special surprise now I'm gonna
start with the classic this is the Oreo
blizzard first of all I love the
presentation it's a little confusing
because it says like Dairy Queen and
then it says Orange Julius and then it
says blizzard like there's a little too
much on this cup this is like our
Instagram when somebody makes a collage
of like too many things like meet the
club me with the dog me with my family
it's just too much although maybe I'm
just jealous because if I try to make a
collage you'll be like Mila couch with
me on the different side of the couch
cause like I got a move side sometimes
because the cushion gets dented and then
meet the table although technically
that's me have a couch because my table
is just a coffee table that opens up and
create the table and live on my couch
anyways let's try this blizzard okay so
I have this long red spoon I don't know
why it's so long I don't quite
understand this actually yes I do it's
very long so you straight the bottom
when you're done god I love scraping the
bottom what speaking of which have you
ever cut off the bottom of the peanut
butter jar with a butcher knife cuz you
just want to get that - peanut butter
bun no just me yeah okay whoo look at
all the little chunks now listen I'm
going to be a harsh critic on this
because I have heard these are amazing
I've heard it's like the best ice cream
ever I heard if you stick your spoon in
it turn it upside down it won't fall out
I mean that's magic so like that's me
that's my couch forever bonded all right
let's get a big old hunk
here we go my first blizzard oh my god I
just imagine me in a cabin like so
excited for the snow my first blizzard
and then I just die I freeze to death my
family doesn't get ok huh I mean I don't
care
here's the thing oh no oh I'm
disappointed I was expecting something
great I was expecting to be like hit in
the face with the Nohr deliciousness I
was expecting to be like Oh time to go
doctor get one of those IV these pants
but this is just I mean it literally
just tastes like whatever which is what
I feel like I taste like I mean like
mechanical I hunted me down sir I eat my
flesh I feel like you'd be like I mean
it's whatever like I'm gonna eat it like
I'm not gonna waste it like it's
whatever oh my god by the way I love
your tagline upside down rat fig what
would my tagline be actually upside down
right dick works for me too
somebody told me one time that my face
looked like it was upside down I don't
know what it means but I also kind of
know exactly what it means
make Blizzard okay this one I'm really
excited about because it's chocolate
they can't fuck up chocolate I mean
Weight Watchers can fuck up chocolate
because I've tried those smart-1 sundaes
what like listen Weight Watchers I know
your annika calories I know you're
trying to people lose weight but don't
mess dog feces with some Splenda and
call it chocolate
that's called botella and I already
caught rented it okay here we go now I'm
not gonna lie I had a friend get into
this earlier and by a friend I mean me
at midnight
no I'm kidding I actually did have a
friend take a few bites at us and he
said it was great so I'm what you trust
my friends no I don't these are the same
friends have you tagging me pictures
where I look like this these are the
same friends to say no Shane you look
great today and then once again I looked
at a tag picture of me meeting a kid at
small public and I look like a trash bag
with lifts all right here we go take a
big bite of this one look at all the
little chunky don't literally me what
I'm looking at my tag picture oh look at
all the judge does yeah those are nice -
profile - profile high profile here we
go oh oh oh oh it's gonna be so sweet to
it and then it hurt me okay I got ow
the coldness on my tooth fucked up my
tooth I think I have a cavity which is
so weird I have no idea how I got
yeah I made a lot of bad decisions but
anyways back to what's gonna give me
more cavities this is actually fucking
good like if not chocolate chips its
chocolate chunks and there is a
difference sit down kids let me explain
it chocolate chips kind of look like
little titties where's chocolate chunks
kind of look like well old people
titties let me get a nice little firm
chocolate chip low teardrop shape that's
like a 20 year old this ha this got some
Betty White titties although you know
what I bet you fucked good I bet she
fucked so good because she's like you
know what I could die tomorrow let me
ride that dick
Pennywise alive right oh god did she die
I better put this video up fast you
never know
oh no this is really really good I'm
into this oh my god little chunky it's
almost like there's like parameters in
it too there's something extra it's like
stock it's like hard it's like thick
it's like thin honestly it doesn't know
what the hell it is it's me in 2008 hi
miss who are you I'm gonna give this one
a 10 out of 10 this one killed the Oreo
one I can't believe are Tina you know I
stand for Oreo you know what people come
for Oreo on Twitter I am on the defense
you know when all the Nutter Butter
stands at knowledge is the ho stands
come for her like I have her back don't
even get me started I'm a Little Debbie
oatmeal creme pies stands you'll get the
fuck out of my face oh my god
why haven't they made it oatmeal cream
pie Oreo oh I don't you just thought
that I'd actually ruled out of my lips
like a fat monster let's move on to the
next blizzard okay I don't know what
this one is but I just turned into a
bulldog oh my god if I was a dog would
you adopt me no you'd have me killed I
used to say to my mom all the time I did
mom if I had no arms and no legs and
didn't know English and had no hair and
had an actual wing growing out of my
back and had two glass eyes and my nose
was a penis and I had a horn coming out
of my ass which you have adopted me and
then she'd be like no oh yeah I don't
blame her that's why I don't want kids
I'll be very judgmental if my kid was
like ooh Kevin Galaxy my hair and we're
a bunch of silly bands to school I'd be
like you're orphaned let's try this
blizzard okay
mmm I don't zactly who she is I know
what she wants I know what she's doing
here
I know who she came for and she's gonna
get it this is my girl recent
what reasons could never do wrong rhesus
is the Beyonce of candy but you have
your Lady Gaga KitKat you have your
Christina Aguilera Twix bar you had your
Lana Del Ray Ferrero Rocher oz I just
don't know what they are or what they do
or why they're here but I'm sure they're
fun but like Reese's she comes at you
you know what you're getting you know
it's gonna be bomb although one time she
did make that take five bar that was
kind of like not killing it that was
giving me a Solange but we forgave her
for them no this is amazing but I feel
like blizzards are just NIC flurries
right oh god good not just our two-piece
Oh think you're gonna go on Twitter and
start coming from a god let me like
shave baby bitch because I can't have
that I need all the chain restaurants to
be cool with me cuz I see them a lot
it's the equivalent of not talking shit
about a youtuber on Twitter I'm gonna
see them in real life except I only go
to like YouTube functions once a year or
a chain restaurants every day so I'm
gonna steer clear to be necklace okay
this is the final one and I have no idea
what this is I literally went in and I
was like just give me one of everything
and also just one spoon hi I'm sad right
let's try this
Wow I know who she is and she surprised
me this is a Zayn Malik of candy let me
explain this right here is a
Butterfinger now butterfingers aren't
super well-known they're not the most
famous candy in the group but like you
know they're probably good you're just
like if I want a Butterfinger right now
and that's exactly how I thought about
saying I just like wasn't in the mood
for it and just like wasn't hungry
enough for that and then I took a bite
and I listen to like just a snippet of
his album on iTunes and I was like damn
I thought this was gonna be Mike and
Ikes gross it could have even been dogs
gross but not as gross and it was giving
me keep your fingers off my
butterfingers realness I'm not gonna lie
I like a couple those songs I listened
to one that you fucking nailed it like
this is the same Malik of blizzards and
I'm feeling it I also don't know any of
the other one direction people's last
names
Zayn Malik Hiro hairstyles I know that
Tom Ron Jim and Kathy I could fuck this
one off for sure
I might even download it that's like my
Spotify that shit alright and our final
treat is what they called a fudge filled
chocolate chip cookie with chocolate
sauce drizzle for Rizzo I'm very excited
about this it is very wet I don't know
what that is
I don't know if that's ice cream or
whipped cream or honestly my cream I got
really excited when I saw this cookie
okay I feel like we should break her in
half
hold on all right here she is from the
front oh all right she look frozen it
definitely was not as glamorous as I was
expecting all right so as you can see
she is filled with fudge on the inside
I'm sure this would have been a lot
better if it was warm but honestly food
is food so oh my god okay first of all
the outside is the classic chocolate
chip cookie you know what you'll love it
it never lets you down your little bored
of it like you've been with it for like
beautiful life it's a friend you've had
that you were like five and you like you
know what I love this person but like
they know my secrets I know all their
secrets they know I have sections about
them they do have sections about me
sometimes are scared I'm a danger to
myself and others and sometimes I'm
scared I'm a danger to myself and others
but then you open up that friend after
like years of knowing them and you find
a little secret maybe they're sociopaths
maybe they have a hidden talent maybe
they've been dead the whole time and
that's exactly what this cookie is it is
shocking it is exciting it actually
makes me wonder who has she been my
whole life I also think everything
should be filled hi I'm Shane running
for president in my country
everything will be filled in my country
gays transgenders African Americans
Latin America people of all races sizes
and colors should all be food
I want everybody loaded up with crib and
or fudge I want people to be popping at
the seams with sugary sweetness I want
to take a bite out of a homeless person
and have cheese oozing I want a little
boy scraped his knee after following up
his bike and then his mother comes to
clean it up and it's red coming out when
someone eventually assassinates me
which they will I want the bullet to go
through my head and out the back will
come cream cheese America let's fill
that bitch up well there you go
president Dawson here to tell you the
Dairy Queen is pretty good and also to
tell you that you should get thunder
fingers a chance honestly I know it's
the one candy nobody even sees in the
candy aisle but before you swipe left on
that ass give it a try look at its
profile look at his pictures don't read
the bio she got a bad bio all right you
guys help me out bunny with me up honey
with you Finnegan is video thumbs up and
subscribe my voice is changing I don't
know what's happening up
I'm gonna go I don't know what's
happening to me I'm dying bye guys
if you were a chair what celebrity would
you want to sit on you hmm
okay if I was a chair which isn't that
far away from what I am which is an
actual toilet I would probably want
Wendy Williams to sit on me I love her
so much
oh my god yes I want to be the chair she
sits on but she does oh you do
