hey what's up guys welcome back to what
the fuck news my name is destory Andrade
the fourth was this week good old Star
Wars day it has a tribute to Star Wars
day here's an old video he pretended to
be a Sith Lord it has another tribute to
Star Wars day here's a new video of me
pretending to be a CID bored you'll be
fooled the power dogs sorry what's that
I need to get laid oh cool thanks for
that but this is what the back news we
talked about the super weird news that
you might have missed in the last week
the first thing that I want to talk
about today we've all had a teacher that
just really doesn't give a fuck whether
they come to class not wearing a bra and
you can just see 100% of their nipples
on the teacher who just plays movies all
day long while sobbing in the corner
about his inevitable crippling divorce
I'm pretty sure no teacher has ever
given less of a shit and the teacher was
in the news this last week after you
suspended from teaching when he decided
to play the human centipede - in the
middle of class in case you aren't
familiar with the cinematic genius that
is the human centipede it's a
breathtaking film about a German doctor
who says three people together butthole
to mouth the second installment of the
oscar-worthy series instead sews 12
people asked him out as a midget
masturbating with sandpaper it has all
inspiring lines such as draw the fuck
that retarded boy this little dude stop
lenses yeah just making daddy's really
hard truly a cinematic masterpiece Tony
- a student who was in the class though
apparently the teacher was rewarding the
class for doing so well on their tests
by allowing them to play whatever they
wanted on Netflix yeah not a good idea
ever but better be that the teacher is
putting an online class so today we're
gonna be watching the human centipede -
teacher it's gonna teach you to shut the
fuck up or you'll get your mouth sewn -
someone say if that's what it has
announced not entirely clear how much of
the movie was played during the class or
what the teacher was doing while the
movie was being played in the first
place what's funny to me is trying to
imagine the teacher explaining to the
staff why she played it like guys I'm a
biology teacher and technically the
human centipede teaches you valuable
lessons about anatomies stuff that
teaches you about the digestive system
when they poop in each other's now also
teamwork I mean it being so nasty mouth
does require teamwork I don't know what
does hopefully though
by the whole awkwardness of the
situation the teacher won't be suspended
for too long because let's be honest
this could have been a lot worse right
class so today we're gonna watch my sex
tape ah don't you look away to read them
look how good I am that this was about
noon is the videos gonna borrow this
last week of a Del Taco employee cussing
out a customer at the drive-through you
can close you down you know that right
dude I've done this a billion times you
guys give me shit all the fucking time I
don't I never came here this is my first
time about you specifically I'm talking
about you as a customer so how long you
might want to do this like five minutes
an hour I can do this all fucking day
but like in reality it's the same
fucking outcome why cuz you got your
sauces you guys are still being bitches
and I'm fucking ticked off because I
still got orders wow this guy's let the
embodiment of everything that you want
to say - asshole customers but you can't
because you have to be like hi yes I
asked for more sauce of course sir right
away
this is hot sauce faster model get your
mild sauce have a good day but this guy
just doesn't give a fuck in fact he
clearly says in the video I don't give a
fuck bro I think my favorite part about
this video has to be when he says like
why you gotta give me tuned about the
fuckin sauce though why you got to give
me tuned about the fucking sauce though
oh we just have that honor sure just
right across the pro apparently no the
employee who is a manager at a Del Taco
in Phoenix Arizona has recently been
fired because of the video with Del Taco
and releasing a statement saying we are
appalled by this behavior and took
definitive action by terminating the
employee immediately although it's no
secret I hate del Taco
the best I've actually made videos about
how much I hate del Taco that's a fuckin
burrito
so crows it looks like someone just wipe
their ass with a piece of tortilla
here's a video of me inside Del Taco huh
what would you suggest that doesn't
Aisling buffalo ships they've actually
threatened to ban me from going to their
stores anymore if I made any more videos
talking about their food which is stupid
cuz it's not my fault that you guys make
food that is somehow less appetizing
looking than a plate of fresh horse
diarrhea so to say I'm not a fan of
their food is really putting it mildly
but as much as I hate del Taco I also
can't a hundred percent say that this
was all this guy's fault and we don't
really see what happens before the lady
starts filming so it could be that the
customers were actually being more dicks
than the employees I mean yeah you
probably could have handled it better in
any case but this again is exactly why I
could never work a normal job because
the second that some idiotic dick hole
came to the drive-thru asking for more
fucking hot sauce I'd be like yeah you
didn't give me any hot sauce
oh no bitch is the world good sir that
is extremely rude you know what else is
rude there's your fucking hot sauce get
the fuck out of here
blastin was about new super gonorrhea a
new strain of a sexually transmitted
disease gonorrhea aka the clap has been
spreading like wildfire through the UK
with doctors calling the new disease a
super gonorrhea okay who the fuck is in
charge of naming STDs because super
gonorrhea really something a fucking
Digimon evolution super gonorrhea go god
that needs to stop could they really
just think of no better names of the
disease just super gonorrhea I mean I'll
give them one thing it sounds terrifying
like imagine it with someone and they're
like so I have gonorrhea you're really
like oh I mean thanks for telling me but
imagine if they were like yeah so I have
to I really know the new strain of the
terrifying new reason for me never to
have sex with anyone ever again
allegedly is incurable as it resists the
normal care for gonorrhea and often gets
worse when you try to treat it huh I
don't even want to know what super
gonorrhea does to someone like normal
gonorrhea is already bad enough like
what could possibly happen if you're
exposed to super gonorrhea ah that sex
is awesome is it normal for my skin to
melt off afterwards according to CDC
though this could just be one of many
new strains of diseases and/or
drug-resistant STDs could actually
spread oh god what's next fucking turbo
AIDS hyper syphilis
mega herpes alright yeah that's it never
having sex again so guys just as a
public service announcement make sure to
wear protection alright yeah might not
feel as cool or whatever but it's better
than going to the doctor and being like
alright let's have a look at what's
going on
oh my god why does it have tea did you
snarl at me that is it for this episode
of what the fuck news so question today
be you guys is if you were in charge of
naming an STD what would you name it let
me know in the comments down below all
of these stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links also be sure to check out my
newest video on my channel where I do a
face swap challenge with my best friend
and holy shit does it get weird who is
she you know there's one thing I know
how to do it's be the captain of the
black bear you will subscribe to my
channel ok destory please stop that said
guys I will see you next time for
another what the fuck news thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
