hey if you guys so about a month ago I
did a Q&A and you guys seem to like it
so I like you know I mean they'll bring
q and A's back once a month so today I'm
gonna be answering all of the questions
that you have for me and hopefully all
of them are about my poop because I have
a lot of thoughts about my poop
especially today I should galaxy my poop
hmm
it's already galaxy all right first
question oh my god who first bunch of it
is from Alisha and it's how many times a
day do you poop this is so crazy you
guys were like this and by this I mean
I'm fucking watching you um I poop a lot
but today was like extra yummy but today
was like making Minaj and she does like
five voices in one song like too much
like we get it you're crazy but like
Jill that's what I said to my ass today
I was like ass I get it you're crazy
I like shit my ass is like a song I had
like five singers on it my ass was like
bang bang into the toilet it was too
much I don't know why I think I ate
something very beer
I ate while a chipotle Bowl and then I
went to mentees which I didn't need but
I wanted it what I also didn't need was
to have about 500 samples before I
actually filled up wake up it couldn't
help but they had a peep flavor they
have a peep flavor who does that man
cheese does that yogurt I wishes she
could go home from wishes she was
relevant okay next question
Julianna wants to know what's your
finger the smell of so interesting
question um you know most of my silk is
from lush and that's not because I'm
like fancy it's because I don't use soap
and somebody got me like a bucket of
lush soaps like two years ago and I
still have it cuz I don't use soap but I
do have one bar in my shower I think
it's like rock star but it's pink and it
smells like candy so it's not really
rock star as much as it is Justin
Bieber's up just like really not
masculine and I'm okay with that
but like that's fine because honestly me
in a shower there's nothing masculine
about it like if you saw me in a shower
from like 10 feet away you'd be like who
is she why is she so hairy what happened
with Italian I fell out I just had that
body type next question Steph wants to
know who is the gayest in your friend
group whew that's hard
what does that mean the gayest as in
like the most homosexual because one of
my best friends is actually gay
friends like Drew who everybody just
thinks his game but then I have Trish
who is not gay but she definitely fucked
a girl I don't know I haven't asked her
I'm just assuming so I don't know I
guess we're all kind of gay
oh you're like the gay Power Rangers
we're like the gay Care Bears
we're like the gay Little Ponies we're
like all the YouTube boys to post
instagrams of leaves yeah that's us Lisa
wants to know Shane how many times a
week do you work out so here's the thing
I actually work out a lot I work out
like five times a week and when I say
work out I don't mean like go to the gym
and like on the treadmill I'm like
Instagram for two hours and then like
get a really fattening smoothie that's
what I want to do I actually like do the
elliptical at my house for 20 minutes
then I drive to the actual gym and I see
a trainer and we like really intense
weight lifting weight training and
cardio and all that stuff for like an
hour and I do that every day and I know
you guys probably can't really tell
because I don't like take my shirt off
or like wear tight clothes but like in
the last year my body's been pretty good
like I'm really proud of how far I've
come because you know I lost all the
weight and I had the extra skin blah
blah I like the last four years I had
troubles kind of keeping my weight down
because food is my life like the last
year I kind of had a good healthy
relationship with food
I haven't been slipping into like my
eating disorder stuff I've been eating
healthy I'm like I feel sick
so I feel good which is a huge deal for
me because I have never felt like that
in my life so I'm not the in a friend
and you can do it too if I can fucking
do it you can do it me this guy please
you can do anything you also wants to
know how excited are you about your book
tour I am so fucking excited I just
found out today what places I think I'm
gonna be going to but they're adding
more and I should know hopefully in the
next couple weeks and I will let you
guys know where I'm coming and you guys
can order books or whatever I'm just so
excited and once again thank you guys so
much for pre-ordering the book a lot of
you guys pre-ordered it keep
pre-ordering it it's awesome and I'm so
excited and Mercedes wants to know if
you were a chair what celebrity would
you want to sit on you
okay if I was a chair which isn't that
far away from what I am which is an
actual toilet I would probably want
Wendy Williams to sit on me oh I love
her so much oh my god yes I want to be
the chair she sits on but she does
oh you do oh my god she's giving all our
hot topics and I'm just like yes Wendy
slag weed that was me with my little
chair arms
well Wendy's ass right on my face yeah
that would be everything I want to be on
her show so bad that's my dream my dream
is to be on the Wendy Williams Show can
we make it happen let's get it trending
guys I'm getting don't do that that's
embarrassing can you violet Shane Dawson
Wendy Williams is trending everybody's
gonna think I did something awful or
everybody's gonna think we both died
which honestly I would love to die with
her hey when do you want to die with me
let's get it raining Lisa wants to know
what is something you're really
uncomfortable doing whoo that's
interesting
um I'm really uncomfortable buying
things at the store that are like
personal you know I mean yeah okay I
love these me like you know sometimes
you gotta like you know get something
like you know ha ha
keep you from getting AIDS so like yeah
yeah that's embarrassing to buy that and
then like sometimes you know you need
buy some so that like you know goes in
now you know without like getting rash
like scraping the skin it's like to dry
sex organ scraping up against each other
can cause blood and that's another way
you get AIDS
so I would love target Haley wants to
know what is your favorite show at the
moment fuck okay that's hard because I
have a lot of favorite shows at the
moment obviously I watch RuPaul's Drag
Race because I also love a show called
unique sweets because I like to watch it
while I'm eating like while they're
eating pie and cookies and cake I'm
eating chicken pretending I'm eating pie
cookies okay but then who I've been
watching family therapy if you know what
that is basically it's on vh1 and it's
like a bunch of different families under
one roof and they're all fighting trying
to kill each other while they get
therapy New York is on it from Flavor of
Love
you got Lindsay Lohan's parents on it
which ya know that's sad we don't talk
about that then you got Bam Margera they
got four jackass on it it is so fucking
good I want to be on it really bad time
off want to go on it with me we could
punch each other in the face you want to
choke me on TV let's do it I love
watching
families who have problems you gonna
mean it's like relatable it's what I
assume people feel when they watch fine
you know I mean like they're watching a
Brittany Furlan behind they're like
you're watching the camera dials fine
they're like me when I'm watching Dina
Lohan's ready to punch Michael Lohan to
the face and stab him in the chest I'm
like me anyways alright let's do one
last question
Jasna wants to know what is your morning
routine woo my morning routine well I
was going to do a full video about this
and then I decided that I'm a 27 year
old girls fucking man and I'm not a
pretty little guru so I'm not gonna do
that but here's my morning routine I'm
gonna be honest I'm not trying to be
funny I'm just trying to explain like
what my life is so I wake up in the
morning I look at my phone I check all
my text messages there are none
then I go on Twitter and I look at my ad
replies I could call fat gay a lot then
I go down to the kitchen I get one glass
of water I heat up one cup of coffee I
drink both those things in a row and
then in 20 minutes I got a big shit then
I start taking shit I go to my couch I
open up my laptop I start doing my work
i watch Wonder Woman's then I get on the
elliptical and I listen like really cool
manly music work from home then I change
and then I drive to the gym I do burgers
are grabbing I usually have a really
good conversational night we were driver
I tell them I don't know English then I
go to the gym then I come back home in
the night and that's it so there you go
my morning routine if you guys want a
night routine give me a thumbs up if we
hit 500,000 like so sure you might not
I'm very sorry I did that well I guess
that was my Q&A um if you want me to do
Q&A is more let me know down the
comments or give us the thumbs up or
whatever because they're kind of fun
also make sure to subscribe to the new
videos every lady and I will see you
little morning routines tomorrow alright
Flockhart go brew nacho yeah I wouldn't
like that although that's confusing cuz
prunes make you poop and the cheese
makes you constipated that's a
contradiction
that's some thought part
