hey zippy guys yes I'm in front of my
blender and you know what that means
I am not making a protein filled
smoothie that'll get me dude day
no no I'm making something that'll make
me crash really fucking hard and add to
my own fat I'm making the ultimate
pop-tart milkshake you're probably
wondering what these are or you're not
because you already saw my minion video
well those old minions fucked up my
fingers but at least I have food and
that fixes everything so yes I have here
with me Oh every type of pot are okay
not every type of pop-tart but like all
the not gross ones hi pop-tarts are you
watching
you got some gross as flavors nobody
wants mint can leave so I'm not gonna
lie um all these boxes are open I bought
these pop-tarts like over a week ago
because I was ready to do this video and
I was like oh I'll just put in my
cabinet not touch him yeah a touch like
every night I'd be like Oh Tablo nibble
oh I haven't tried that one yet
oh good you know I didn't know that bad
let me just Rallo Pete's um and like a
week later yeah I got all the open boxes
and no more wild berry licious which by
the way snuck up on me because I didn't
like it at first and then after the
tenth one I wasn't there so you're going
to use what we have left which is scraps
I also just got point vanilla ice cream
because I feel like I didn't want to
complicate the situation too much like
this concert already has like ariana
disharmony and Justin Bieber you know I
mean like we don't need to bring in some
prick and by Britney I mean like fucking
half baked but cookie dough brownies
cinnamon mess just kidding I love you
Britney but you know Greger a lot and
then I just want plain milk cuz once
again not trying to complicate the
situation also my fingers hurt so bad
right now so just letting you guys know
that if I randomly scream and/or cry in
this video it's not because I'm excited
well yeah it is um it's because my
fingers are really fucking on fire right
now okay let's start okay so first we're
going to throw in the chocolate chip
cookie dough popped out this is kind of
a pop-tart all by the way on the back
they have something called a slop tart
me lime bacon slop tart so I guess
that's like pop-tarts that nobody wanted
am I crazy that line baked it sounds
kind of good to me like I would take
that shit out of the toaster before it
was even ready I would burn my fingers
even
at least it'd be worth it yeah I mean
like I brought back around a damn minion
like give me a pop-tart
you know that's worth burning for oh my
god I know I already have way too many
of these but that is a good tinder bio
you know I'm more birding for it okay
let's just take this out of the wrapper
oh my god she knows what she's doing
like she didn't come to play she came to
win I was just break her in half oh fuck
ha that's got chocolate chip I got a
little chocolate chip chunk alright
let's put her in here let's crush her up
a little bit okay what's next
ooh brown sugar brown sugar is like ogee
like the original everybody likes the
brown sugar brown sugars like to keep a
Gibler pop-tart do you I mean like
sometimes we're like okay we get it
brown sugar go away most of the time
we're like no brown sugar you can stay
you should shut up though mint is Uncle
Joe leave right round sugar yeah ooh
cookies and cream the what's on the fuck
cart car go pick up flat tire you know
what maybe a pregnant oh I didn't know I
was pregnant I could finally be on TV
sorry guys my post mate just came with
my band-aids for my fingers and when he
walked up I was throwing 500 pop-tarts
to do a blender with the camera in front
of me so yeah I was fun anyways back to
the pop-tart milkshake where were we
oh yeah cookies and cream where I always
wanted to be let's open this up oh they
never disappoint look at her she did not
pay her accessories at Claire's she got
them that's some fancy asked her store
like she didn't go to go Widow she was a
great will like she got something that
the Queen her way she got something that
your rich ass grandma did not want you
to sell that you were like I love money
ooh oh my god just open it up that's
exactly what I said at midnight every
single night this week and then it
turned into pig nibbles and then
deterred in Abdi boxes throw in the
weather s'mores
oh my god now s'mores your munchkin
campfire which you might say burning
which reminds me with my finger isn't
how much pain I'm in so let's talk about
what's the flop tart the fuck does what
does it have a fucktard
I guess off to make one up ranch your
peanut butter ooh that sounds good
cheese a bananas ooh no that smells good
too
yeah I don't think I'm gonna find
combination to foods I don't like so
let's just throw this in the letter oh I
love the way these look on the inside
ready oh I don't know what just happened
but no you know what just happened I got
excited and I'm not gonna be ashamed
that I got excited I'm not gonna
apologize for it
this made me happy oh weather oh let it
cupcake I'm gonna let you know this box
is almost empty but like I knew I needed
one for the video so oh the willpower
was so hard oh my god
these are filled with cake yeah frosting
which was kind of confusing at first but
then like after I got used to her I
liked her like in the beginning I was
like I'm just gonna work I thought you
had frosting and you got cake but then
at the end I was like Kay Kay Kay Kay
I'm like hey I don't know the worst of
that song but you get that point I
fucked it in a letter
ooh bunnelby my little pups are that
reference was way too old for you
hi I'm Shane 27 yeah anyways alright
fuck heart Oh brew notch oh yeah I
wouldn't like that although that's
confusing cuz prunes make you poop and
cheese makes you constipated that's a
contradiction that's or some thought
part all right in the blender
blueberry now listen blueberry at first
I was like pass and then I was like
really low so yeah I ate a lot of these
at first I didn't like the taste and
then after the first five I was like
parent slots are BBQ banana Nestle's
great as I thought I let's throw this
blueberries in a blender oh these are
pretty once again this isn't sponsored
but pay pop-tarts like I'm really
showing the goods so like at least give
me a free pop-tart you know what's
running on the shit cause this is the
most expensive milkshake ever made
between the paw Paw's and medical bill I
mean we're talking $2,000 okay blueberry
Oh Oh took up fresh summer day that's a
lie I've never had a summer day that
through it my summer day is like Doritos
a Teen Mom
flopped our ed letter next water all
right strawberry just simple and last
but not least chair now this one is also
surprisingly good um as you can tell
yeah
nice to see you again I'm sorry for what
I did
now this one's my mouth just water a
little bit that was embarrassing mmm oh
fuck John put that now now time for the
ice cream first of all can we get a shot
um
look at me talking about gabba camera
man hey can I get a shot of Oh No
I'm alone I have nobody okay great look
at that breakfast goals all right so
let's get some fucking ice cream in that
Beach well the ice cream feels so good
on my fingers oh all right let's just do
a little Scooby scoop Oh
what does vanilla taste like I don't
even remember good we're gonna need a
lot ice cream because you know how carts
tend to be on the drier side so we got
really wet it up all right
ice cream is in now it's time for the
map I will never say it like that again
I'm sorry all right
poor poor poor oh look at it all coming
together we're all in this together
God pop-tarts and ice cream and milk and
burn fingers that's after high school
musical
that's midlife crisis musical ghetto
hydrants all right let's see if this
blends one two three
let me just tell you this smell is
something you've never smelled before
that's a breakfast of champions it kind
of smells like a homeless shelter but
like in a good way
like a homeless shelter I'm like a
celebrity serves me food a lot if it
gets done oh it's so pretty
look at all the little chunks to migrate
away instead of but you know what I mean
it is pretty though look at the colors
the little steps that smell fucking good
oh fuck
alright let's fucking do this shit
enough talking Shane let's drink me on
any date okay we're gonna pour this bad
boy in here I'm not gonna do crazy
decorating we do not need it you know I
mean like I wasn't a frosting I was
gonna get sprinkled yogurt but we don't
need it today because we have the
simplicity of the beautiful hot dog by
simplicity I mean we put 2500 here oh my
god that consistency though Oh little
chunk on the side well you know we
should do that we should put a pop-tart
on top which one what's the prettiest I
want to sleep picking which child is the
prettiest that's easy
alright we're going with this one think
this is strong I'm ready
little dunky dunky and there you guys
have it that is the ultimate giant hot
dog milkshake oh my god I'm nervous
actually like what if it's not good it
will be good but if it's a flock tart
then I'll call the video Flockhart
milkshake people think I'm milkshake
myself just depressing let's face oh my
god okay it's taking me on a different
level level level oh it starts like
breakfast you know I mean like wake up
in the morning feeling like 600 lines
I'm gonna have all my pop-tarts I'm
gonna get my life but then it hits you
with the dessert and you need a little
bit of lunch cuz you just don't know
it's like you're in high school again
like they're serving milk to you you're
like I should probably have water man
fucking milk this is giving you a whole
day's worth of food calorie-wise
say you see that can you oh my god guys
make this at home in agony send me the
pictures on Instagram I love to see
to do that it's also kind of depressing
cuz I'm like wow what if I started bad
eating habits good job Shay this is
really fucking bad boo boo it's got a
little chunk you know okay I'm gonna
give this 9 out of 10 I will get a 10
out of 10 if there was some kind of a
bacon pop-tart so here pop-tart throw
some bacon in there you know spice it up
alright you guys hopefully even George
me make it with stupid fucking milkshake
leaving comments let me know what other
milkshakes I should make I'll show you
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
because the videos every single day know
she's little flap tart tomorrow back I
swear though in person bitch kills it
it's literally my senior pictures all
over again like I think I look great and
then I look at the pictures and I'm like
toad actual person frog
