guy okay first of all before this video
starts I just want to say thank you so
much I was so nervous about launching
the March line because I didn't know if
anybody was actually gonna buy them and
you guys really supported it and it
means the world to me you made it my all
go home shirt number one on Amazon which
is crazy and also oh oh my god and
that's why the shirt was number one oh
and don't forget about the cheeto pop
saga that's right
we changed man I think you should burn
some of that money now like I've changed
oh my god wait oh my god yeah okay by
the way guys it that's fake money so
calm down oh shit I didn't even think
about that me so thank you guys so much
once again if you haven't seen the
Amazon store its amazon.com slashing
Dawson I have my pink shirt the mood
sure all the other shirt talk is ah and
you know how quickly they get there very
quickly because they're all Amazon Prime
so Amazon Prime as you guys know is fast
you can literally get a shirt in like a
day and christmas is coming up so if you
want to get some shirts and shit for
your friends I'll be really cool and you
can get it really fast I'm done
promoting now it's time to watch the
craziest office tour I think we've ever
done I really can't explain this video
so uh
Oh with 11 million subscribers and
didn't hire me I'm your friend Garrett
but you want to see the office I paid
you alright let's go right there's not
gonna be but check it out we have a
Halloween tree gets around oh this will
go great
yeah Oh a company called Epson heard we
were doing an office and they sent us a
projector well does it work well no
because I haven't plugged it in yet and
I forgot the Apple TV at home you want
super love playing right there all the
time
our kitchen look we got a nice
refrigerator oh why does their can of
juice that's desist yeah what the fuck
is that I'm literally so grossed out of
breaking character
what is this it's a bit of a sandwich
shame what whose food is this what is
string bean get back into your queen Ken
yep oh do you know about this stuff
silence where it's not a brand deal this
stuff sucks we could contact some dead
youtubers oh actually I'll just do that
by going through the contacts on my
phone it's a little storage closet
besides my spirit do you want to join us
on the tour what's that it's water and
not everyone just drinks just Diet Coke
oh you know it would be fun
you know what I'm gonna say thirsty when
you're thirsty I have to see what I say
it's just a job oh no Tom Katy no Katy
where's Perry made up Shane Jesus I
haven't had this Poisson amused oh god
oh my god no Tom working with you okay
okay caption when sis is serving you the
good tea Shane do on your play button or
no it's a lot of stairs oh you know what
I get when I go to the shopping mall
what stairs oh god I got a little
washing room this fun game when I was a
child I draw pictures fine why would you
put yourself in the dryer just a kooky
game see if I still got it
that's funny don't sit there as good as
I get I was a child
ooh I hope the same Oh God next room
okay and then this room and then this is
my favorite video game that exists it's
really quick so you bite it off oh yeah
Grey Goose because well takes a lot to
edit these videos we should have our
first drink in the office I know it's
bad that it tastes like water to me yeah
okay my next room
what is this Bob what do mean oh you
know it take the joke take the caption
think of a real you think of a hashtag
I'm good you want to see the next room
yeah sweat all over your shirt by the
way no just my creative juices no alleys
really sweat it's a look at little
surprise for you I'm playing a movie in
here this is our writers room
with me I just thought his family was a
fun idea but that's not me what do you
want oh he's been like what two or three
no I was in the Smosh movie you got cut
we're seeing myself from all the very
nice comments I get all day do you mean
the sweat all the nice comments I get
about my body oh I see that's it that's
the whole fishing this is he yeah there
were several rooms it's huge a 13-10
house has 12 rooms oh we are not in 10
okay a mansion but you know it always
makes me feel better
let's go hopefully you enjoyed that
insane office tour oh my god video was
so good it next my leave wait why are
you taking off my merch
you get separately enjoyed that video
we're gonna go make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
also subscribe another notification
because we make my god many thinks that
I've changed
