hey that's up you guys yes it is that
time again for me to be testing out some
girl products and hopefully not turn
into a girl although let's be honest you
guys probably expecting that right
anyways let's get started I have my
friend go out to like a bunch of girly
stores to get some products for me I
don't know what they are
I've done a lot of these videos I am
expecting to be surprised
I want something to accidentally rip my
face off so let's see what we get
first we're going to play with huh what
what is this Lana Parrilla coil de
Rosa's hair accessory 46 pieces wait
hold on make one hand band and one clip
this is a DIY idea why don't you just go
to Claire's and get a motherfucking head
BAM bitch
look out fake happy she is having a make
her own shit oh I love crafting it was
like so fun it took me ten hours to make
this isn't it fucking worth it no bitch
you could have gotten eclairs you could
have spent five dollars you could have
got a headband and then you would have
had time to go to Cinnabon and then you
could have spent the rest of your nine
hours and 55 minutes there oh what a
dream
okay let's try to make whatever the fuck
this is alright so it comes in a package
I'm like oh fuck I know this shit oh my
god it seems like a lot of work so
here's the headband or no or what the
fuck is this this is like it's one of
those things were um she's happy to see
me does it look with those kids at
church used to have you know what I mean
like they would be like you're not
welcome here okay and then what is this
that's motherfucking fabric and it's not
even nice fabric that feels like
something they tie around your arm when
they're taking your blood which by the
way I learned this from my friend it's a
hat if you can't afford an STD test just
go give blood and then they will call
you and tell you if you have something I
mean yes it's dangerous because you
might infect all of their blood if you
do have something but honestly cheaper
okay and then what is this little
fucking stones are you kidding me stop
it shut the fuck up what the hell is
that supposed to be is this supposed to
be on the band let's
yeah I mean obviously I look great
because I kill it on the daily but like
I would look great in anything I am kind
of feeling myself I didn't kind of
obsessed with that new look but like I'm
not saying it's a headband or just
saying it's me
maybe if we add this to it hold on Wow
oh my god
new me oh okay let's move on what is
that oh my god I was gonna say it looks
like something I gave superhero wear and
then I remembered I was against
superhero no see yeah yeah hero see oh
yeah we don't talk about that okay so
this is a special eye mask that relieves
puffiness can I put my volume let's see
if this work I have been feeling extra
puffy in my eye area lately okay so I
guess we just strap it here Wow
oh all right Avengers yeah I'm available
yeah what's my special power
have you ever heard of fisting hello yes
this is giving me oh my god in whoa I
just pressed into it and all the little
balls moved around and I hated it oh my
god wait can you see it
hold on that's terrified you you Oh No
it's making me cry I hate it look how
they won't move him you do it's like one
of those PSA videos about herpes and how
they spread which by the way they spread
you can get them from a doorknob so stop
fucking that doorknob oh man oh I kind
of like it though I'm kind of probably
gonna do this for 10 hours oh my god
that way I just realized literally me
and cunt
sorry I lied alright this was a success
I'm never taking this off next product
Oh fucking hair gems Queen cut to the
desired side alright damn it why is all
of this so much work being a girl is so
hard nevermind not trans
telling fucking work alright let's just
try to stick these motherfuckers in her
hair whoo oh my god
look a huddle support outer space can
you see my ass from there I always
wonder that like if you went to outer
space and like you look down would you
just see like Africa Asia
Shane's ass if you're an astronaut let
me know all right let's put one of these
in our hair yeah let's see if it works
ah yes all right hold on okay I think
this should work
yes I mean you can barely even tell that
it's a sheet of plastic honestly I'm not
mad at that like it's perfect because it
gives me the bling I need and also the
protection from bird ship and by virtue
I mean people throwing things at me
happens a lot wait maybe if I just
pulled my hair out of my head oh why is
they pretty flower
Eddie uh Beyonce was talking to me she
was also talking me when she said I
could see halo because I have a lot of
dandruff around me and you know some
people mistake you for a halo
no just psoriasis up ahead next product
what a foot mask I made a lot of noises
just now I don't know what any of them
were but what okay first of all I've
never seen my feet I can't get my feet
her space you know like she's living her
life I'm living mine before the video
I'm going to take my foot out and we're
gonna give her a mask okay first of all
don't judge it oh no I forgot I was
stepping in shit all day oh no that is
honestly first of all it looks like
Lindsay Lohan trying to console second
of all look at my toenail can you see it
I could literally scratch you through
the screen how does this work
Oh oh my god it's one of these it's like
a huh oh I'm sorry that's just the smell
of my actual foot cries cover her up
okay so I guess you just put your foot
inside this like a shoe or something oh
good I hate it it's cold and wet ah I
turned into like Miss Trunchbull no
candy for later right now oh god oh god
it will look good
Hill Lake looks good today
come I like right like has somebody been
doing Callum lips no I have been
reaching really high up in the Shelf to
get the chips that I hide for myself and
that's a workout I really feel anything
happening except for me and crawling
under my skin because I hate this so
much so I'm just gonna take that off you
like this my public an you get right
what the fuck is on my foot
there's no only my foot what's your hole
in my foot I stabbed myself
next product alright these are foam
rollers I guess they're supposed to like
curl your hair if you leave them in long
enough so I was thinking I always need
help with my coats let's put this on my
clue and just like see if it works I
feel it working like sometimes my poop
is more of a quiff and I'm like trying
to get that perfect waffle more a cough
you know I mean well that's poofing we
also have this this is a Barbie's
detangling spray
first of all barbie is fucking killing
it I love the wing it's like she knows a
secret about me but she's gonna keep it
okay so it's kind of candy wait what can
I eat it
that smells oh my god yes oh my god oh
this is great okay what does this do
caution use only as directed keep away
from eyes do not consume as I literally
was like brushing it here is a breeze
now after bathing spray detangler onto
your hair and brush through okay that's
easy check it's just like and I'm done
see how my coop is yeah yeah that's a
good look I really need to move that Cup
oh you guys go that was me trying girl
products today I feel like it was
successful I learned about I mask hair
beads and the fact that I'm too lazy to
actually use any of them as you guys
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
little girl products to market what I
think I just called you tampons and I'm
okay with that
because you suck I'm kidding you support
me when I'm bleeding okay I don't even
need a joke
this is bombs fuck everything else can
go die this is the Queen I am fucking
sitting at her throne and praising the
bitch she is gooey for the gods
she is crispy for the king this I don't
even deserve to be a president
