hey if you guys first of all I don't
know what the fuck this is
but I love it I love that people are
going to look at my arm and see a bruise
and think I'm active enough and/or
dangerous enough to have it I don't
think I've had a bruise since I was like
10 and that was a dark time and I don't
really get him anymore because it's
impossible to get a bruise when you just
like sitting on the couch for 18 hours
binge watching unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
you know say although I do for his money
from slapping so hard when I'm laughing
excited oh my god I love him so much
Titus marry me now you know Mom mid
touch com1 oh my spirit animal anyways
yes I have a big bruise on my arm and
I'm ready to emotionally eat pizza okay
so I obviously have Pizza Hut because
obviously but I haven't had like all
their treats and goodies it's like when
I go to the website or that I'm trying
to order some beads around besides I'm
not fucking around person on man you're
not fucking around the treat I'm fucking
around with that extra cheese extra
pepperoni extra sad Pizza moment so
today I thought it'd be fun if we tried
all the things that I've been ignoring
and maybe I've been missing out on so
much and no this is not hashtag sponsor
although I wish it was because their
tagline is for those who take flavor
personally I know what that means but me
what would my flavor be my flavor would
be like sweet but then like you and like
salty but then the cold almost is
somebody like hawk to looking into a
bowl of ice cream and then stirred it up
and if it's a magic shadow on top
cracked it open ate it throw it up and
then put some more magic shell on top
and then just let it sit yeah yeah
that's the flavor of me okay let's get
started
first I was like okay listen I gotta
have some pizza I already had their
normal pizza so that's a boring to watch
me eat it but what if I got a personal
sized pizza and I put every kind of
topping they have on it and that's what
this is and the best part is on the app
when I was like kept adding topics they
kept saying are you sure and then it
would be like anyway really I mean by
the tenth topping was like girl you need
some help you want to talk about it and
then I replied with haha
haha shut up and feed me okay here we go
interesting um I mean you know that's a
lot of accessories this is like a bitch
who just got dressed up on like
Halloween but it also fell on the same
weekend up gay pride and it's her
birthday and it's your penis anniversary
and also someone God so it's like all of
that it wants I don't even know what's
on here I know it's pepperoni and salami
and meatloaf maybe some kind of finger
pineapple whatever the fuck that is
ken has a cheese and the crust is
pretzel crust now I don't know what that
means or how they made that but when I
heard the sound of it I was ready to
twist up into a pretzel and let that
pizza fuck you know what it's like let's
give it a try
it's an odd shape like that's not what
the commercial looks like you know I
mean like they're not all sitting around
table all excited to get it Flo piece of
pizza and then they like pull that out
also families let's sit around tables
any pizza they grab their pizza run to
all their bedrooms eat it alone and cry
right or just me okay here we go
oh wait hmm oh my god that is salted oh
my god oh that is a little hand any on
Twitter salty oh that makes plain so the
actual crust is an actual pretzel but
not like a normal pencil that's like a
pretzel and like a food court in the
mall
we're like people aren't even walking
they're just all on rascal scooters they
all have comfort animals they all take
the service elevator like this is so
crazy fattening I feel like if you fed
this to the fattest person in the world
they'd be like I don't know like I'm fat
but like I'm not that fat no I mean I'm
like a 10x but you've got to use a
forklift to get me out my house but this
is for somebody who needs like a ratty
ball it's fucking insane I mean the
toppings are good it's a big mix I mean
it ain't a little mix by the way what
the fuck is Little Mix I see a lot of
people talking about it on Twitter and I
don't understand I think it's a girl
group I don't know why is that wait that
smells poisonous oh oh oh I think it's
crab
trust crap from Pizza all right we're
gonna move on next we have I don't know
I don't remember what these were called
they're like hey Papa Papa taught us
there are little tiny puffs and they're
filled with cheese and I think jalapenos
and oh yeah whatever the fuck that is
but I came on the side of ranch so good
enough for me
oh my god I love ranch I don't honestly
eat ranch on anything like if I dig or
the doctor and it was like some kooky
crazy doctor and he's like you know what
I'm gonna take this tumor out but you
should eat it for good luck
I'd be like hmm I should probably not
find a doctor on Craigslist again but
coverton ranch I got this all right
let's get dipping whoo oh my god she's
so thick and she knows it
sorry Sam look at you little lick of the
underneath you know me okay um it's
broken is Devin frozen and that's
definitely tartar sauce that is not
ranch maybe this is fish sticks which
once again I would not trust from Pizza
huh maybe if it was heated up and be
good which by the way why did this take
an hour to get to me does it take an
hour for some pimply-faced teenager to
be like okay freezer microwave duh which
by the way my pizzahut teenager got here
and he was like oh cool house bro we
should have a party
first of all bro I don't know you so
we're not having a party hot second of
all we can if he brings an extra
semester pho honestly I'll do anything
for it's not a stick which speaking of
hello there's Sam sticks oh I just
sounded like somebody deflated a wubble
bubble which by the way I stabbed my
bubble bubble with a butcher knife and
it oh good let's get eating okay oh my
god
I'm just gonna sorry it's not good a
little oh these I have I'm not gonna lie
I'm not gonna pretend like Oh what is it
let me try it
Oh No I have had the whole sheet before
I had a moment where I was like hi Pizza
Hut yeah can I get ten boxes of Cinna
Stix can I hopefully get 10 extra icings
how many Forks do I need no like this is
the key to my heart some people say like
oh the key to my heart is honesty and
integrity and shut the fuck up King
Hassan Fikri
okay let's open this
oh no there's two different ways to eat
this swallow it whole or inhaling the
normal people don't do it like that some
people like to drizzle the icing on top
I don't fuck with that I like to be in
total control okay okay I'm ready to dip
oh my god hold on huh I'm flustered oh
my god
I could literally do this all day Oh 3ls
de doo ah ah ah okay I think I'm ready
oh my god guys goodbye this will kill me
and I'm okay with it
Oh weeks later Oh guys don't look at me
I don't even need to review this I don't
even have a joke for this like I don't
need to give this no lol I don't need to
give this no haha I don't need to give
this no roflcopter do people still say
that I don't think they do mom stop Tina
I'm just gonna set this aside
I'd almost see you late that's what I'm
gonna see you again right now oh okay
I'm nervous about whatever the fuck this
is this is like pasta which I guess I
trust from Pizza Hut but then again I
don't I feel like they just need to stay
in their Lane you and me pizza and their
commercial says boo pasta just like
grandma used to make mmm maybe you're in
prison for murder and you caught the
cafeteria lady grandma cuz you pled
insanity that'll make more sense
oh I love this tag line Oh flavors
inside you ready no oh my god babe too
many tag lines the flavor now like pick
a tag line Pizza Hut there tango I
should be sad call us or you're never
gonna look good in those jeans anyways
just eat it I relate to that one all
right let's see what this is okay first
of all love the presentation I love that
it just stays together like a happy
family nothing will break this apart not
even putting it upside down oh my god I
mean hold on look at this
yeah can't wait for that to me and my
god and then what is this oh it's a
block of bread I love that I love that
it's bigger than my head oh my god this
is just like a thumbnail for a video I
mean like a giant holds your strudel
that's actually a good idea I'm gonna do
that later okay let's take a bite of
this now I was gonna get a fork but
honestly I don't think it would
penetrate it so I'm just gonna open this
up kind of like a brownie and just take
off an amble up and Cheers
I hate to say this it actually pains me
it actually makes me want to die but
this is good like I was against the
pasta brick bubblin effort matter but
now that I got that over and paper look
I'm not mad at her presentation and I
kind of like the convenience of it like
you don't need a fork you know your
plate just treat this bitch like a
cupcake
oh that's their tagline Pizza call me I
mean look at that like what other food
could do that you don't I mean they turn
pasta into a pizza I'm very surprised
okay now all that's left is our final
dessert now I got two different options
are we surprised now the first option oh
I'm sorry it's just so beautiful right
look at that look at that look at it
this is all platter brownies bitch oh my
god and it's all for me I love being a
grown-up and then our second option oh
my god Oh fucking cookie cake all right
I don't have to do this okay I'm gonna
do this no we did okay Shane we can do
that bone
you're right change okay I'm gonna put a
piece of this cookie cake on top of a
piece of this brown oh my god oh she
just slides right out oh my god it's so
gooey guys it's so fucking gooey oh shit
okay put that on top of that make a
little double-decker
oh we're gonna fuck this up I'm turning
into a robot having a breakdown
oh let's do this don't be hung or
chopping down tell me no reason no damn
a bomb goes bomb but I'm gonna New York
- I know you got nothing to eat it oh my
god I don't have a joke I don't even
need a joke
this is bombs fuck everything else can
go die this is the queen
I am fucking sitting at her throne and
praising the bitch she is gooey for the
gods
she is crispy for the king this I don't
even deserve to be a president I am
merely a loyal subject Her Highness T
needs her own space guys I'm done I need
to go I need to shower I need to go to
the gym and then I need to come back
home and ruin everything I did to the
gym guys ago that was me trying pizzahut
foods oh my god I love it oh I look at
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
visit me new videos every single day and
let me know down the comments what I
should eat next and maybe we can eat it
together
probably not it's just gonna be eating
alone like it always is every night but
oh my god oh fuck
alright let's flip those little minions
over I love that they're in pain right
now
you did this to me
