hey guys yes today I'm in my kitchen
once again and now I'm not cooking and
surprisingly I'm not going through all
the comforts looking for even a trace of
a Dorito no no I have a waffle iron and
I'm gonna use it to make waffles no that
would make too much sense today I'm
gonna be walking a fucking minion lot is
my knife I don't know what's his name
Stewart Stewart is giving me a very
creepy vibe Stewart is giving me hey
kids want to hear a song okay mmm-hmm
come to Ma then I'll leave the door wide
open for you I also have Bob what I was
giving me serial killer vibe like child
killer vibe literally kills thousands of
people by like staying away from him at
a park and stay away from him at an
overly populated area people are not
looking with this scary ass teddy bear
wait what's on the side of him that's a
crank what does he do look at him
running away from the crime scene the
dead body I didn't do it I don't trust
you Bob
wish you were do oh the Hat is shifty as
fuck Stewart have you seen my kids
oh no I'm talking about I don't trust
either of you oh my god it's like they
both been found guilty of murder and
we're about to execute
I've always want to be an executioner
all right let's cook all right so first
ooh you can see some remnants of the
Barbieri waffle rest in peace girl
recipes ah do you think she's up there
with Ken no he's in hell you know he
cheated on her a lot
okay so first we're gonna spay this with
pain I'm good like you don't want your
minion to stick mmm smells like burning
plastic
I love toxins mom my troubles are just
melting away okay so while that heats up
we're just going to have some fun with
these little guys
oh my god let's watch them try to run
away from their execution Oh
get away No ha ha ha ha you're gonna die
ok it feels pretty warm to me so let's
put him down face who is already smoking
all right and let's put him down you
know this takes guitar off I don't want
to kill the music right
and by ooh it's smoking a lot okay like
a lot I'm nervous
is this a bad idea should I open a
window yeah
the window shit oh okay oh I'm gonna
open up a door huh you know I like to do
this outside oh shit okay hold on
whoo guys guys we're going to take us
outside whoo shit hi um we had some
technical difficulties atmospher my
house down so here's what we're going to
do I've decided we're going to try this
outside and if it doesn't waffle well
we're just gonna throw those old
motherfuckers into a fire pit
let's go cook a little update I was just
trying to find a place to put the waffle
iron outside and I grabbed it waffle
iron first and I've heard the absolute
fuck out of my fingers I'm pretty sure I
got third-degree burns so don't try this
at home
just watch me slowly kill myself okay
request another update um I really
fuckin burnt my fingers I just spent 20
minutes like googling how to fix it how
to make it stop hurting I had my fingers
in ice water
I had butter on them now they're covered
in toilet paper I had somebody giving me
band-aids and cream right now guys it's
been a day I'm feeling some minion karma
right now and I don't like it I don't
like a little bit I also could not find
a plug outside so we can't do this
outside but I have a feeling the waffle
iron was really fucking hot obviously so
maybe it cooked it let's see all right
time for the big reveal this better be
fucking good oh my god
oh fuck all right let's flip the whole
minions over oh I love that they're in
pain right now you did this to me Oh No
look at his little minion eyes are gone
where do they go how did that happen oh
yeah cause it was fucking hot all right
let's see what this little fuck looks
like come on Bob show yourself Oh Oh his
eyes are gone too that's terrifying like
where do they go there's literally no
white anywhere I wanted you guys to see
yourself melting honestly if this is
what the minions look like I would see
that fucking movie just like I'm making
children scream and run for their lives
hey want to play with us yeah so
obviously this is kind of a fail and I
don't want to end the video on a fail so
I'm going to
outside and start a fire and we're gonna
watch them slowly die let's do it
alright here we go we have our little
minions on top of our wood let's go oh
they're gonna pay for what they did to
me I feel the flame speech oh yeah all
right under his little feet I might be a
serial killer oh yeah oh my God look at
him Oh gonna let him burn burn burn burn
gonna let him burn burn burn oh I love
this a little fuck I really hope my post
mate comes right now with my band-aids
and sees what I'm doing oh my God look
oh yeah oh this feels good you know what
I'm glad the waffle iron broke cuz this
is much more satisfying ah maybe this is
what I'll do instead of waffles lighting
shit on fire oh my god it could be that
guy on YouTube alight shit on fire this
one is really on fire I kind of want to
eat it in the arms of an angel there's
something I don't know the words why is
this one not getting it that's so sad
just watching your friend I do nothing
about it
you fucked up Bob oh my god part of its
own minion head just fell off I'm gonna
grab this stick and try to guide our
little Bob to the fire come on Bob
join your friend in hell oh there we go
come on Bob really get in that fire oh
that's perfect oh my god oh this is
everything oh this is what I've always
wanted
oh my god it's just like cooking s'mores
except I'm ruining people's childhood oh
my God look at it look at this little
fucking minion dead body all imagine him
screaming for help
fucking bananas bananas die bitch oh
yeah all right I think I've had enough
oh that was so sad it's so terrifying hi
guys malaria's god that was me killing
the minions and ruining my life make her
give this video a thumbs up because it's
the only finger I have now hit subscribe
because I make new videos every single
day and I will see little minions
tomorrow oh my god it's working what can
you see this hold on yeah that's not
supposed to happen okay well shit Oh No
ah it was all going so good oh wait what
is happening I'm twisting it and I don't
know what that means
sir battery in here what is this what is
happening this is like a tampon from the
future
