guys it's happening it's fucking
happening I know I've made fun of it I
know I said I would never do it but
today I'm making it jelly something but
not just any jelly something I was like
you know what I'm gonna do a jelly
something video I need to do a jelly
something of something that I love more
than jelly that all made sense for some
reason I'm a poet today I would be
making a jelly diamond W root beer
bottle
I loved iw more than anything in the
world no this is not sponsored but they
did tweet me one time and I freaked the
fuck out they also did not offer to give
me anything for free and never slid into
my DMS
but I don't care cuz I didn't do it for
the money and I didn't do it for the
fame I did it cuz I love her
something nobody does every day the
Kardashians has ever said anyways let's
get started okay so first we have our
scary little Bowl that I have used to
make a lot of gummy treats and you can
see she got a lot of scars but her scars
make her beautiful at least that's what
she should tell herself because like
she's been through a war and the enemy
was my stomach because I was eating some
fucked up shit then they have our boxes
of gelatin which is crushed up animal
bones I made it myself we have some
brown food coloring we have about 500
bottles of this cuz I always just keep
them around sometimes when I'm alone I
line them all up on the couch with me we
watch TV together it's kind of annoying
cuz she loves scandal she loves how to
get away with murder and I'm in the
middle then we have this thing which is
horrifying that children use this in
videos this is called wait what is it
called I don't know a fucking weapon of
death oh exacto blade that might be
exactly wrong but it's just little blade
oh my god that's so fucking sharp it can
literally slide through anything this is
like what they use in like surgery shows
and they're like okay now we're just
gonna chop her titty off Oh fell on the
floor
yeah somebody will pick it up it's
exactly like that okay so first we're
gonna put some water in this and then
we're also gonna put a little bit of
root beer in it oh I love that sound my
favorite thing to do is to wake up in
the morning mood and crack open a bottle
of this my insides hate me
okay so we're pouring that in here all
the fizz of it all listen to that you
hear that hear that shit that's love
it's love it'll never be returned
because she can't speak it's love if
you're an actual sociopath serial killer
and honestly kind of him so now we are
just going to put in wait note we heat
this up first I don't know yes we're
gonna heat this up first I don't know I
watched like - Timmy tomato videos - get
ready for this and his directions were
extremely confusing put that in for a
minute while that's heating up I'd like
to tell you guys a story of my favorite
time I had my AMW were beer well it was
my first time going to therapy so I
brought in my root beer because I knew I
needed to convert then my therapist said
Shane why didn't have that root beer
with you and I said oh well it gives me
love something that I don't get very
often realized and she goes wow that's
pretty sad Shane let's talk about where
that all started from then I said well
it all started in a Chucky Cheese
bathroom and I had my pants down and
this guy walked into the mouse costume
and I said you're not my daddy
Oh times up okay who is bubbling oh I
love the smell of cooked aw Ricky do you
remember that movie blast from the past
probably not because I'm old but he
would like heat up dr. pepper on the
stove and make like coffee out of it
that's a crazy person thing to do isn't
it I did alright so we're just gonna
pour all these nasty crushed-up bones
packets into this pole now I'm gonna put
all of them in because I want my gummy
to be the gummy isn't it called income
II when somebody takes out their
dentures and gives you a blowjob so
let's go I think those what my grandma
called it suits her or that is start
mixing take a look kids this is what
failure looks like oh no oh I don't
think this is supposed to be happening
ooh kind of looks like a root beer float
okay so I'm going to add the rest of the
packets in there even though I shouldn't
because it looks like it's gonna explode
let's do that now you know when you're
doing something and you know it's wrong
but you just don't give a fuck well
that's me every day but that's
especially me right now this is not
gonna work and I'm okay with that that's
what I learned in therapy okay so now
that that's mixed I'm gonna add some
Brown food coloring because I want to
make sure that it looks just like my
root beer cuz if it doesn't then I'm
gonna know she's a flop and a fraud and
I'm not gonna stand for that that would
all the kids say I don't know I'm trying
to be hip okay
don't done in there yes slay Queen oh oh
this gummy is gonna be lit hey and W
more like AF go home dad fuck you okay
so now that this is mixed you can see it
it looks like actual sewage gutter trash
just
it's daddy so we were going to pour this
into the bottle put it in the fridge and
then hopefully when we take it out it'll
be a gummy I don't know how this works
see you a second okay guys it's been a
couple hours I put all this stuff into
the bottle I put in the freezer and now
I've taken it out and I have not opened
it yet nervous but it's here and it's
crusting on the side
honestly twins alright so I'm going to
open it smells great that's a lie that's
the grossest smelling thing I've ever
smelled
alright let's touch it oh my god it's
gummy it's gonna be it works I did not
think this was gonna work I thought I
was gonna have to make a bunch of jokes
to try to make this video interesting
cuz it was gonna work but bitch I don't
need any jokes cuz this is a real shit
okay so now I'm nervous okay calm down
what would Timmy tomato do he'd grab a
blade okay so I am going to take off the
wrapper right is that what I do alright
okay so rip it Shane oh my god I'm
ripping I'm ripping it okay I'm gonna
use the blade to take off the wrapper so
I'm just going to go down like this oh
my god it's very sharp
okay I think I did it oh the incision
has been made okay so that's the wrapper
oh fuck and then we'll just unwrap this
side okay set that aside for later now I
need to figure out how I'm gonna cut
this out um I'm very nervous because I
really don't want to mess this up cuz
I'm really excited so I'm gonna cut the
top off oh my god it's working what can
you see this hole oh yeah that's not
supposed to happen okay well shit Oh No
ah it was all going so good oh wait what
is happening I'm twisting it and I don't
know what that means
your battery in here what is this what
is happening this is like a tampon from
the future oh wait I think I just
figured it out I think I did it right
okay we're back we're ready to cut okay
not going well okay so we got the top
off okay okay we're doing okay
so here's the top we're gonna use this
for later okay so now it's time to try
to cut the bottle off of the jelly and
I'm really nervous because I really
don't wanna fuck this up guys I'm
actually really excited about this oh
okay
so maybe if I just make one incision all
the way down and it won't get fucked up
okay it did it huh oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god I'm giving birth
look okay it's working kind of am i
popping out baby baby come on oh oh my
baby oh she's coming out of her little
outfit oh oh here she comes
oh my god now I get why these videos are
popular I get why people do this this is
so fun oh okay she needs a couple more
cups come on come on come on oh don't
break don't break babe don't break babe
oh no babies breaking babies breaking
it's okay it's okay
I'm so fucking nervous and just cut my
finger I just cut my finger and I don't
care cuz I'm so close oh my god so fun
close come on babe come on babe babe
babe babe oh my god I'm gonna cry I'm so
happy oh my god she got a couple scars
but it's cool now it's time to oh my god
okay I'm so excited now it's time to add
the wrapper okay so we are going to take
this wrapper and put it over this oh my
god oh my god this is everything okay
it's so fucking cool I'm so fucking
excited oh my god it looks like a
fucking bottle
okay now I'm just gonna add the top back
on oh my god guys guys I fucking did it
guys look I'm fucking good yeah yeah
yeah fuck you yeah well not fuck you I
love you fuck people who think I could
do this oh my god this is fucking
everything let's cut this bitch up okay
I got my big butcher knife oh I'm so
scared to cut her oh no it's okay it's
for the art alright here we go oh my god
oh whoa I mean I fucked up the label
completely but still whoa all right
let's slice this bitch apart oh my god
it's so sad
fine huh I get it now I understand why
people like doing this
OOP I understand it's kind of like
killing something you love so like I
feel something in my heart oh my God
look at that slice hmm oh this is good
oh fuck all right oh let's taste it
all right let's take a little sliver of
this it's all edible right man we'll see
anybody says that that shit tastes good
is lying to you oh my god I still love
her anyways
we're good to go that was my fucking
jelly aw root beer I'm so excited I feel
like I succeeded at something and I'm as
I could die happy now getting I got my
exacty blade all right you got a TEFL
you enjoy back in this video thumbs up
and subscribe I make new videos every
single day and let me know down in the
comments if want me to gummy anything
else what else do I love I love so many
foods I could honestly gummy forever
right you guys I will see you little
gummies tomorrow
Justin was in court and he blinked and
the way his eyes blinked looked very
reptilian check it out um what
