guys we just film the first podcast
which we talked a lot about period blood
and probably a lot of things you've
never talked never probably like you
really out of my comfort zone but I
really tried to like level up with these
dudes and I was like oh yeah I can talk
about this this cool whatever but we
give you a lot of period information a
lot of period a lot of talk about
vaginas and making out with girls a lot
of conversation about generals about my
general good and specifically your
mother's genital yeah guys if you want
to listen to the podcast or watch it up
at the wings down there soundcloud.com
slash Dana friends and we talk about my
boner and we talk about her making up
girls and making out with me later right
yeah hey what's up you guys yes today is
that time again well we are going to
talk about conspiracy theories now today
we have a collection of all different
types of conspiracies they don't really
follow a common theme we have pop star
ones TV ones and even a video game one
but I'm gonna start with the one that
creeps me out the most and that is that
Britney Spears for the last like 10
years actually has not sang her own
albums I know it sounds crazy let me
break it down so I'm pretty much every
Britney Spears song they give credit to
the background singer that's a singer
who kind of does all the whoo yes in the
back which sounds just like Britney by
the way so Britney's main backup singer
is Maya Marie she has been singing for
writing for a long time so back in 2008
when Britney Spears went crazy and like
shaved her head and stuff she came out
with a really amazing album called
blackout I own it I would still listen
to it today but it didn't make sense
because it's like why is pretty so great
on this album how did you get her to the
recording studio
wasn't she out going crazy shaving her
head well that's where the conspiracy
starts people think that Maya has
actually been singing for Britney Spears
since that album so that means maybe
Britney Spears didn't sing a word on
that CD
now maybe recently she has now that
she's you know got her shit together but
the record labels probably thought we
need Britney music we don't care that
she's going crazy we need to get a bitch
I can sing just like her bring her in
here so we can sell some fucking albums
well Star magazine interviewed Maya's
dad and he fucked up and he gave away
the secret he said my daughter sings for
Britney Spears
the truth is Maya can sound just like
her
maybe Britney does even know whose voice
is on her own album maybe she just comes
in lays down a track leaves and doesn't
care so that how people think
wait she sounds just like Brittany what
does that mean well this is where it
gets really scary a demo track for one
of Brittany's albums called Black Widow
is leaked and Maya is singing it and it
sounds just fucking like Britney Spears
listen um hello that's fuckin Britney
Spears if you listen to the blackout
album doesn't it kind of sound like a
Britney Spears impersonator you know
what I mean like it sounds like Mya is a
good impersonator and she's saying the
whole lot cuz there's moments where it's
like - Britney given the look I give
them up like that's too much breeding so
I don't know I personally feel like it's
true I feel like the record label hired
this girl she came in she sang all the
songs and Britney is like Tammy songs
are good for the fucking big help from
which also explains why Britney doesn't
really like talking about The Blackout
album she kind of likes to pretend like
it didn't happen I don't know it creeps
me out every time I hear one of those
songs off that outlet just like I don't
know it makes me feel weird like imagine
like it's not what we thought out but
that brings us to the second conspiracy
which is not even conspiracy really it's
the truth because there's proof so I'm
sure you guys remember the popular girl
group The Pussycat Dolls there was like
six girls and they all sang and danced
or did they now this is a conspiracy I
found out on my own when I was like 14
and I was at Target and I saw the album
and I picked it up and I was like oh I
like what are their songs maybe I'll buy
it then I noticed on the back of the
album at the very bottom and very fine
print it said all vocals it done by
Nicole Schwartz singer all vocals
literally none of the other girls saying
none of them they all just pretended to
say they all danced around it as well
I mean I could fucking do that now I
don't think Nicole has ever publicly
admitted this but the proof is on the
fucking out but it's crazy like when you
see them perform live all the other
girls microphones turned off when you
see them in music videos it like cuts to
a girl singing
oh yeah she's faking it that is not
really it's all the cult Nicole even
like change her voice a little bit for
the backgrounds to make it sound like
different girls like don't joke
girlfriend was young girlfriend was like
that shit is so scary to me I don't know
the music industry is so fucked up it's
just like you never know who's real and
who's not which brings us to our next
conspiracy now this one is very dumb but
it's still really fucking creeps me out
for some reason because well I believe
everything the conspiracy is that Justin
Bieber is a shapeshifter and a fucking
reptile now the theory about reptiles of
shapeshifters has been around forever
people think that people in the
government are reptiles that the whole
world is being controlled by reptiles in
people suits I know it sounds crazy but
I believe it and they mainly think that
you know the Illuminati or the people
who control everything are reptiles
so when big pop stars come out and kind
of take over the world they're actually
just reptiles and they're part of this
plan now the reason this one got started
was because Justin was in court and he
blinked and the way his eyes blinked
looked very reptilian check it out um
what like I know people are like oh
maybe it was just the camera quality no
that was fucking scary people in that
courtroom were probably like oh just
imagine though it kind of makes sense
like what if he is a reptile and what if
he was breeded to become this popstar by
all the reptile you know fucking
government people and maybe now he's
like over it and wants to change and
wants to get out of it and that's why
he's acting out I mean look at happen to
Britney Spears when she went crazy
having Amanda Bynes Lindsay Lohan maybe
they're all just reptiles who want to
shed their skin move and creating out
look though speaking of things that
aren't what they seem
this next conspiracy theory is kind of
crazy now this conspiracy is that all of
the characters and Mario Brothers those
video games are just actors stay with me
I know it's confusing so basically the
game itself is the stage play so
basically what's happening in the game
is just a bunch of characters acting and
the whole game is really just a play
now this is why this makes sense every
game starts with curtains opening and
then you see all the characters
and every game ends with a curtain
closing just like a play all the levels
in the game look like sets like hanging
clouds and those big boxes they all have
shadows behind them which means that
they're like set even like little things
you jump on those are all hanging from
ropes just like they would be in a stage
play and then every time you finish a
level Mario runs off stage he literally
runs off the set like the set ends and
then it's black also in the game
sometimes there's that little camera guy
that's kind of swooping down and filming
everything and in some countries instead
of levels
they say episodes and then think about
it sometimes Mario is a cat and then
sometimes he's a bird and then sometimes
you know these different animals he's
playing different parts he's wearing
costumes so in this weird world of Mario
him and all his friends are just actors
and that's why sometimes you know him
and Luigi friends sometimes they're not
sometimes they're fighting sometimes him
and Bowser enemies sometimes or not it's
because they're all just playing parts
so that's not like creepy but it is kind
of interesting I think like wow
everything you thought about Mario is
not what you thought why would they make
it like that why would they want it to
be a play I don't know the next time you
play it check it out play it next time
you play play well am i high no I'm just
crazy okay now this next conspiracy is
kind of dark and makes me uncomfortable
even talking about it but I'm going to
anyways this is a conspiracy that
Lindsay Lohan has a twin who is dead so
the conspiracy theory goes that Lindsay
Lohan had a sister named Kelsey and they
filmed The Parent Trap together well
after they filmed the movie and Disney
loved it so much they were like this is
going to be a hit this is going to be
amazing
Kelsey died in a car accident now Disney
did know to do because they're the clock
we can't release a movie one of the
stars is dead like what are we going to
do and that's when they came up with the
plan to save it Lindsay Lohan played
both parts herself now of course Lindsay
Lohan's parents love Fame they love
attention and they're like okay we
cannot let this movie not get released
so we're just going to go along with
this plan and that is where the
resentment started that Lindsay had for
her parents she was mad that she had a
pretend like her sister never existed
she didn't want talk shows she had
pretend like she played this part
herself when in reality her lost sister
was there next to her the whole time so
the theory continues saying that the
Lyndsay slowly declined into craziness
and madness drugs and alcohol is because
she was dealing with the secret dealing
with the death of her sister and not
people to tell anybody and that's why
there's so much animosity with the
parents and that's why it's just such a
fucked up situation I don't know I know
that sounds crazy
they all sound crazy but on something
about that kind of makes sense wouldn't
you go crazy if you to pretend like your
sibling didn't exist so next time you
watch The Parent Trap think about it did
they really have the technology back
then to make that work like Lindsay and
Lindsay were interacting they were
hugging they were doing all these things
what's the technology really around back
then I don't think it was so maybe
you're not just watching Lindsay maybe
you're watching kills speaking of kids
who have fucked up parents the last
conspiracy is that Khloe Kardashian's
dad is actually a Jason I feel like I
might have already talked about this
before in a video but it's worth talking
about again because it's pretty
interesting now as you guys know the
Kardashians dad Robert Kardashian was
defending OJ Simpson in that trial and
the Kardashians were really good friends
with the OJ Simpson family and they hung
out together they want a vacation
together and some people speculate that
Kris Jenner hooked up with OJ now if you
look at Khloe next to her sisters she
does not look like them like at all
I actually think Khloe's really pretty
I'm not just saying that to like be
politically correct or anything I think
she is um but she does not look like
those sisters now if you put Khloe's
face next to OJ's face check out the
similarities I mean that's pretty
fucking similar now I look at a picture
of Chloe next to OJ Simpson's daughter
definitely looks a lot more like Chloe
than Kim Kourtney do now this conspiracy
theory got so big that they wanted Chloe
to do a DNA test on her show she said no
I mean maybe she said no because she's
like fuck you guys I don't need to do
that but maybe she said no because she
was like fuck maybe it's true now
recently a lot of news has come out
about OJ because of the show and you
know he's in jail right now and one of
the prison guards was talking to him and
he said to the prison guard Chloe's my
kid I'm tired of hiding it Chloe's my
kid now Oh J's crazy and a fucking
murderer so you can't completely believe
in but I don't know
makes you wonder what our celebrities
hiding what's real are they reptiles do
they have dead siblings who were their
parents are they actually singing on the
records they could all be fake
well there you guys go those were all
the conspiracy theories for today if you
enjoyed them please let me know
and let me know if you believe any of
them also make sure to get this video
thumbs up in subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and I will
see you little conspiracy theorists
tomorrow and don't worry just cuz I'm on
a set now and I'm being filmed does not
mean I'm not gonna be dirty cuz let's
just say I didn't hold back have you
ever been like in the midst of a sexy
moment and then the other person like
farted and then if so what do you do me
I laugh and then I eat that out
