heads up you guys okay first of all yes
that is a giant cupcake behind me and
the giant piece of pizza Oh
secondly I am so excited right now and
freaking out and nervous and just I
could cry but I won't my podcast so you
guys know I've been doing a podcast for
like three years
Shaymin friends and my co-host Jesse me
and her just you know do it on our own
and we go to a recording studio we
record it we interview youtubers or
celebrities or just random people and
it's probably one of my favorite things
that I do it's so much fun and you guys
seem to like it too so I've always
wanted to film them I always wanted to
you know be able to have people watch
the pod cuz you miss a lot of stuff when
you're just listening you know what I
mean like I love to see the reactions of
the people when we're interviewing them
we play games sometimes like I just
thought it might be cool my biggest
inspiration is Howard Stern I love him
so much and I used to watch his show on
TV all the time
well fullscreen came to me and said hey
Shane what if we build you a set and we
film your show and we basically help you
take this shit to the next fuckin level
and I said yes and freak the fuck out
and it is so so fucking cool and I cried
when I saw the set for the first time
here's a picture yes that is me crying
it's just something I've always wanted
as a kid was just my own show and you
know TV has not wanted to give me one
and just walking in and seeing my name
on the fucking board and I'm gonna cry
okay anyways yes so my show is now being
filmed okay so here's how it's gonna
work my show is still going to be free
on iTunes and SoundCloud so nothing
changes there you can still listen to
the show for free whatever you want but
the filmed version of it is going to be
on the full screen app so download the
full screen app or go to fullscreen calm
and you can get a free 30-day trial
and yes after the free 30-day trial the
full screen app is a few bucks a month
and I know I'm gonna get a lot of
backlash and people gonna be mad but let
me just say guys it is an expensive show
to make you know there's the set there's
the crew there's a lot of people work
you got it and the show doesn't make
money on soundcloud or iTunes it just
doesn't so you know they have to pay the
fucking bills and the full screen app
has a shit ton of other show so it's not
just me there's hundreds of shows on
there my movies on there so it's
basically kind of like a Netflix type of
situation and a lot of youtubers you're
going to start having shows on there but
if you don't want it you don't have to
get it I am
pressuring you this podcast will always
be free on soundcloud and itunes always
I swear to God I promise and don't worry
just cuz I'm gonna set now and I'm being
filmed does not mean I'm not gonna be
dirty cuz let's just say I didn't hold
back have you ever been like in the
midst of a sexy moment and then the
other person like farted and then if so
what do you do me I laugh and then I eat
that at see what I mean just as crazy as
ever so I'm going to show you guys some
clips from the show right now and before
I do I just want to say thank you so
much
without your guys's support without you
guys listening to the show for this long
this would not have happened I wouldn't
have a fucking set I wouldn't have
people helping me to create a show I
wouldn't have all of that happen and
it's all because of you so thank you so
first I'm going to show you a clip of me
and Jess getting really really excited
about the set and talking about my dick
and then I'm going to show you a clip of
us interviewing superwoman and talking
about her vagina what guys say it's a
classy show so check out those clips and
I'll see you right afterward
full screen basically picked up our show
so what that means is we are filming
this on a set we are going to get some
big guests
it's basically what our show is before
except like somebody else is paying for
you know makeup artists here and
everything today it's by the way so we
had a makeup artist here which we've
never had before because usually how our
podcast works as we roll up into this
studio messy bun sweatpants messy bun
sweatpants and that's just me you have a
shower in five or eight days Yeah right
before the show I like Purell my dick
and that's it yes um by the way by the
way it burns yeah you should actually
I'll get to that later I know I saved my
dick and I cut it but let's talk about
it's really bad here's the thing guys if
you don't know this too difficult race I
love that this is our first show we're
talking about this but it feels like
home when did your moms or dads or both
or moms and dads start talking to you
about boners the sexes because my
situation happened till way too late I
think I was like 12 I'm Indian so never
yeah I never happened I'm still waiting
so they members away I'd like that tall
no that doesn't happen like they talk
about I sit down we're gonna talk about
sex like no I found out about periods
like in a very trauma way when I got it
I know that wait where were you uh
conveniently I was in the washroom okay
that works but I mean there I had no
idea what was happening I thought I was
legit dying I was traumatized 2:00 a.m.
I was shrieking oh you know that women
go through this process I had I know I
had no idea and I just searched your
cousin Wow and that whole night I just
like was in my bed it was like a single
tear how did they explain it to you how
did use your mom go well you know you
just scratched you hard did you tell you
what it really well thanks you told me
that's just like yeah you know when you
reach a certain age it means you're
gonna be a woman and that means now you
can get pregnant I was like what I was
on Google like this like like this
trying to figure it out so there you
guys go those were some clips from the
show ah isn't it
so fucking cool I am so excited so once
again yes the podcast is free on
soundcloud and iTunes I'll put the link
down there go listen to it right now and
if you want to watch the show and see
all the craziness happen go to
fullscreen calm or download the full
screen app and you can get the free
30-day trial and I really hope you guys
love it as much as I do and yeah
alright I want to go I see you guys
later she tomorrow I'm freaking out
oh the texture is kind of like a Thai
baby baby now listen I know most of you
guys are thinking change you don't need
any babies you don't know me interesting
well sorry there's a ghost with his dick
in my mouth can you take it out please
oh thank you
