have you guys okay I know I say this
every time I say oh my god I'm so
excited I've never been this excited I
love food but today today especially I
am just hug a house out of em I I am the
t-rex Jurassic world when he got let out
that cage
I'm Melissa McCarthy when she finds out
she doesn't have to fucking fall on the
hood of a car or break a jet ski in a
movie I'm team star from dramaalert when
there is inter allegation I am just
salivating because today I'm really good
how about leave this here just to remind
you how excited I am okay I'll take it
away oh yes today I'm going to be trying
everything on the menu problem that was
my phone oh god oh god oh god
That moment when you don't know if your
phone screen is shattered or not and
you're waiting and then you go you look
oh my heart's racing okay you guys are
gonna do this with me ready
it's now shattered oh my god I could cry
now I can clearly read all of those text
messages from all of my friends and our
lovers he'll come one day I'll get one
anyways no today we're gonna be eating a
lot of food and I got one of everything
off the menu okay
I have tried Cinnabon before it's been a
long time but Cinnabon was like some
Cinnabon Cinnabon Sena Sena what
whenever I would say fish is the
Cinnabon was like never a thing when I
was a kid that I was just like obsessed
with I was more into like Taco Bell or
full G cakes so like just a cinnamon
roll was like not my thing kind of like
our other kids like hot dogs and like
hot dogs on a stick and I'm like why
would I put a hot dog on a stick when I
could just put that thing down my throat
it make no sense
so I even tried all they have to offer
by the way no this is not hashtag spots
once again I wish it was okay so I'm
just gonna delve right into this yeah
I'm gonna close my eyes oh that's a
sticky situation yes never close your
eyes and put your hand in a sticky bag
without knowing what it is first dating
tips from me
okay I'm gonna look to see what the shit
whoa oh my god the color of the boss
Tiffany's if that was a girl which
honestly I could be cents never too late
to come out guys
oh he's so much more excited about this
than a Tiffany's box which is the same
color if a guy handed me a Tiffany's box
I'd be like oh that rings so cute well
can I eat it though if you hand me this
box I'm we have more than frosting on my
lips you know Glenn alright let's see
what's inside of her
oh the original baby oh oh oh gee this
is
the classic cinnamon roll oh my god okay
okay boom okay I'm gonna go on from the
middle because I feel like that's where
all the juices another dating tip oh
listen to that
okay oh shit oh my god oh my god okay
sorry forgot I was filming a video for
second all right here we go I've got the
centerpiece get some frosting on the
outside perfect fight I love you I knew
I loved you before I even tasted you it
was love at first sight now it's gonna
be fuck me at first bite oh my god I
know we're gonna go I didn't know gonna
be that good yeah mmm y'all just
entertained yourselves for a sec I was
trying to lick up all this icing up
inside of the bud oh shit oh my god
how many calories do you think this is
you know what this is nothing about it
no this is fucking everything this is
amazing I will be eating this later and
I will be not regretting it that's a lie
I think you will regret all of it but
that's what makes life worth living
right no not at all that's what makes
life awful next buck oh my god Barbies
what are these okay these are the
thinnest sticks loaded comes with little
dipping sauce
what is that is that pure butter cuz
like honestly I have a spec that bitch
good
that's your frosting oh no its icing Oh
far out what the fuck it is but fill my
veins with it I don't understand drop I
understand drugs but like why do you
want to fill your veins with heroin you
don't mean fill your veins with this
shit that will go straight to your brain
it goes straight to your stomach you
feel like you taste it you can low high
I hope that's next thing that comes
popular you know I mean like fuck the
Molly fuck the ecstasy get fucked up on
this shit that should be Cinnabons new
slogan better than Molly it'll make you
want to fuck way more than ecstasy by
other parties let me put that in my
mouth all right here we go let's take
one of these little sticks off oh my god
let's get good little clumpy Club up
back Oh y'all taste it taste okay
I don't know what I love more the bun or
this dick fuck a Lobo equality for all
oh my god these these are like God's
fingers just reaching down from heaven
just trying to give me a little slap
these are amazing how many other one two
three four five oh my god it is like the
hand of God and I love that it to make
sure white and brown did you know we
don't know what color God is y'all gave
in the label white we don't know that
also God could be a woman would you
actually make a lot of sense cuz you
know sometimes when we can be kind of
Moody and honestly God is very moody
look at all the shit he doesn't does but
then like he'll give you something good
he'll be like oh you went through that
earthquake real well you survived that
hurricane I'm just gonna give you a
little song and then you find like five
bucks on the Graduate thanks God they
didn't kill somebody you know in a car
crash here like well God's moody next
bomb alright these are called synastry
teas can you believe that there is
probably like a room of 45 people who
all make over $100,000 a year and they
were sitting around a table in there
like alright you got these little balls
these little balls filled with icing
covered in cinnamon what should we call
them how has Cinna bites nah that's been
done before oh how about cinema hall
Jeff that's gross you're fired but I
have children well you tell those little
sweeties that they're not gonna be eaten
for weeks little sweeties wait in the
sweeties that's it I hope that's how it
happened alright let's try these little
balls
oh the texture is kind of like a time
baby baby now listen I know most of you
guys are thinking Shane you don't eat
beanie babies you don't know me
interesting well sorry there's a ghost
with his dick in my mouth can you take
it out please oh thank you you're not
filled I was expecting them to be filled
with icing but I guess that's gonna give
us icing on the side I feel like that's
a fuckup I feel like a Taco Bell they
are filled with icing so like get on
that level but like I'm not bad they're
fine they're okay
like if somebody replaced my balls with
these another night like I'd be chill
but honestly I'm not obsessed
all their tagline is life needs frosting
I love that I agree can you imagine you
go to the bank you're like I really need
a loan I'm really really broke I'm out
of money my family can't eat I'm losing
my house and then the bank teller is
like I am so sorry you know what you
need icing it'll fix all your problems
all right I don't know what this one is
but it's a foods heavy
oh she is an 8-pound baby oh I didn't
even know I was pregnant but I was okay
I don't know what this is let's see Oh
flabbergasted and shocked somebody has
taken away my ability to anything oh my
god oh it's hard who no it's not it's
hard on the outside and then gooey in
the center oh it's a little volcano okay
okay I don't know what this is those are
pecan ooh there's a caramel mistake hold
on okay I got snot the top that's like
some caramel Sadiq Khan now let's just
take a little bit of this a little bit
Center oh my god okay you see that you
see that fight Oh guys I wish you could
taste this I guess you could you just go
to cinema
tell him I sent you never mind oh that's
sad cuz the people that work there 500
I'm just think you have a really fat
friend named Shane who like won't stop
talking about Cinnabon I don't know we
have literally 500 people come in today
saying that Shane sent them I hope
Shane's okay do you think he's one of
the six doesn't come people that can't
leave his house yes I am let's bye
oh my god that's wrong that's illegal
ooh I'm gonna do UI this this okay this
feels like too good to eat kind of like
if you've got like the Mona Lisa like as
a gift like I'm like a billionaire
friend then you look around your
shitty-ass house be like I can't hang
this in here where am I gonna put that I
need like a really nice house to put
this in like I feel like I need a really
good body to put this in coz I putting
this in me is literally like putting
into a trash can it's like actually
throwing into a toilet so like I'm not
worthy for this well like I'm so gonna
go get it anyways kind of like if you're
ten and you're dating a three but you
know you were three and you know they're
a 10 and you're just like hoping one day
they don't realize it until one day they
do and then you look on their face book
a year later in their dating a 10 so
that's fun I'm glad I have this next one
okay the last two things we have
actually are not bonds they're drinks
and we have um some kind of a cinnamon
roll flavored a Frappuccino a thing and
an Oreo flavored one they're called
Chinna Hays
I don't know if that means is there
coffee in them I don't know which ones
you would travel both no that's too
crazy alright let's start at this one
huh I just went through every RuPaul
face here oh oh
sashay away Shante you stay
Oh Shante you stay just one little drag
rich bitch this one is amazing I think
this is Oreo yes this is Oreo oh fuck
this one is okay like I would never
order this I wouldn't order any of this
because you know Danny don't have that
kind of body that can take this like if
I drank this whole thing like you would
see it like I would grow it to like all
my ex this one I'm gonna put over here
that's not great but this one Oh God
whoo-hoo can you see that oh it shakes
boo she shakes
okay I'm gonna crack the top off a
little bit of that little huh hmm you
know what maybe if we mix them both oh
I'm getting real scientific yeah that
didn't work that was like putting two
singers together in a collaboration song
we should not be together
all right guys at the time hopefully you
enjoy that I fucking did each of you
this video thumbs up and subscribe I
didn't videos every single day and I
make new eating videos every single
Monday so let me know down the comments
would or should eat next
hey guys I was you know stood about in
the small Hey the picture of us are
having our prom at in and out you would
have thought that he asked the girl till
I kill someone though I fiery ginger
terrified horrified of me but then after
she did it you could tell she felt
accomplished
