hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Esther and
I really don't like sushi I don't know
why I always have probably always will
it's just if I wanted to taste raw fish
I would just invite my ex-girlfriend
over so this is what the fuck news we
talked about the super weird news that
you might've missed in the last week and
the first thing that I want to talk
about today is next time I brought up
some weird sex toys in the past in the
show from the magical to the alien
blow-up doll with quote succulent love
holes which why would anyone call
anything that ever next time you're
dirty talking someone asked if you to
make love to their succulent lamb holes
guaranteed to get a restraining order
anyway sex toys have been in the news
this last week after a company in Japan
made the first ever virtual reality
masturbation suit
I'm not gonna leave what in the fuck did
I just watch what the hell is this thing
this thing looks like a fucking dr.
Seuss contraption no so is this guy
trying to grab a titty or pet a wild
boar little tip for you man this is not
how you grab a boob looks like you're
casting an ancient curse on someone's
family so you know just in case you ever
get with an actual woman and not
whatever the fuck this monstrosity is
but then again I don't really feel a lot
of tits so it is possible this guy's
doing completely correct and somehow
girls like the aggressive squeezing and
complete mouth openness this guy has
like oh god I'm so turned on but the
student notice the illusion VR was made
from a company in Japan called illusion
and as of announcing the suit last week
has already sold out of them it's only
you know buys this thing they're
basically screaming that they'd give it
up on life and then they need help look
for these other signs and someone's
given up a life and that they need help
number one nothing says I've given up on
life more than tie-dye shirts and crocs
number two they own denim jackets and
wear them in situations that don't
require wearing denim jackets which is
never never wear denim jackets fucking
ever number three they spent their
hard-earned money on virtual reality
masturbation suits when aliens
inevitably come and decide if they want
to kill us or not I really hope this is
the first thing we see a human doing oh
this pretty look a human
let's talk about news a teacher was
fired last week after a video of her
twerking during her spring break ended
up online
wait you're telling me that teachers
have wives outside the classroom or it's
a disgrace for her to even consider
dancing on her own vacation guys I'm
pretty sure I've even had teachers that
have had premarital sex and a couple of
my teachers even smoked the marriage
away on us
shameful behavior to be honest I think
what we need is just to replace all the
teachers with Catholic priests so that
nothing would go wrong by right guys I
really know the teacher known as Miss
Clarissa was on for vacation in Cabo San
Lucas when her friends told her that she
should enter into a twerking competition
hold on there's competitions for that I
mean I don't want to toot my own horn
but let's just say there's several boys
in my yard asking for milkshakes
apparently though after she got back
from the vacation several parents had
seen the video identified her and asked
for her resignation this honestly makes
no fucking sense like they afraid just
because she was caught on video twerking
on Spring Break on her own time but
she's gonna go to school and twerk on
all the children now in their mind it's
like I had a lesson playing the day the
fuck education I can't learn like this
since the incident no ton of people got
pissed over the story saying it's
ridiculous she would be fired for
something so stupid they're not even
making a change.org petition for her to
get her job back but my opinion honestly
fuck these guys it's a 21st century this
isn't futile China put snap so you're
gonna fire a pregnant woman because
uh-oh it's clear that she's had sex with
someone better fire them but what about
there's a lawyer actually set off a live
grenade in the courtroom after the judge
asked him if he knew how a grenade
world's why couldn't you just I don't
know explain it instead of physically
demonstrating how a grenade works and
also who the fuck breeze a live grenade
into a courtroom
did the lawyer bring it as a threat to
the jury like my client is innocent I
know there's a lot of evidence proving
that my client indeed fornicated several
wild geese but the thing I think you're
all forgetting is that I have a live
grenade so we find your client not
guilty those wild geese probably asking
for it because of how they're dressed
anyways right okay guys let's get the
fuck out of here
while only three people were injured in
the blasts that took place in the
anti-terrorism court
Pakistan they're barely taking it very
seriously and plan to punish the person
who said it all to me it's just
astonishing that anyone even got a live
grenade through courtroom security like
how did do do don't what the fuck you
can't bring a grenade in there but it's
for a demonstration like show-and-tell
oh okay you good thank you
next in line please sir you cannot bring
a pistol into a courtroom but it's for
show-and-tell or whatever okay you're
good thanks a lot and also why would a
judge even ask a lawyer if you knew how
to use grenades the first place maybe
the judges like egging them on like I
can assure you judge I know how a
grenade works set you down pussy I do
though you just pull this pin and let go
and gotcha oh fuck still got you though
anyways that is it for this episode of
what the fuck news solution today for
you guys is what do you know that
someone's given up on life let me know
in the comments down below all the
today's stories as always or in the
description down below as well as all of
my league Sumer guys go make sure to
check out my newest video of my channel
where I went to autumn Eagle and this
happened Nathan she's doing math on the
camera hey Dad
she's doing math oh god I'm gonna get a
contact high Nathan good dude she's
legit doing math no one will ever know
how many penises I had to edit out of
that video click here to check it out or
go to youtube.com slash cop festus for
more of me that's it I will see you next
time for another what the fuck news
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
