hey guys guess what at kids after me
everything's fine
hey guys used to be with little Willy
the Wills channel we're celebrating
because she just started her first
YouTube channel true and I was like you
know we should do I'm gonna fucking take
you out get you something fancy gets you
a burger we're gonna carpool karaoke and
then over on her channel we're gonna go
to baskin-robbins and I'm a fill that
bitch up with some cream are you ready
and what can I say guys I'm a cheap date
ok so I thought because you're kind of
like an early 2000s girl like me right
yeah so like I have a playlist here of
some early two-thousands girl music that
I think you might know I mean I think I
look let's try it out because I feel
like you post a lot of instagrams of
like current mood and slaw Averell and
like old christina and like i'm really
and all that this first one is one of my
favorites and I think it's a clue for us
because I think our relationship might
end you know this one okay give it your
best
no if I know all the words
one two back I would just forget that it
is my birthday I stupid birthday I
wouldn't forget that by the way this
song is about me
can I have you like but use our
potential breakup song you and me like
you think it's a joke me and you you
know but like you're with all these guys
who don't know you and they don't
respect you and I will you are a fucking
fake stand for Allah used to work in
anthropology and I'm really bad at
retail because I'm really not great with
people asking me questions I'll isn't
your thing that's your like uncle every
style yeah
my duties not your thing you break it
you're not exactly bad I'm telling agent
work there Ali came up which I don't
even know which one is watching right
Ali's the one with the huge tits which
one is on telepathy chase the one who
might be a boy but like in it the other
was Ali came to return something
anthropology's return policy is like you
can return anything from like fifty
years ago it doesn't matter if it's
still in stock or not and she came up
and she had big floppy hat on and she
was like looked at but I was like
and then I would say and then I had to
handle her return it was like a necklace
that was two years old and I didn't know
how to do it and I had to get someone
else and I was just oh my god if she
would have called and asked you like hey
do you guys return this and she got the
voicemail and you didn't recall back
passing off do you think she'd was but
she kept at the end of the two longest
and lonely on the car back I would've
bounced her boom next song I don't have
a story it was Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Oh
wait this was your favorite song in
sixth grade yes tell me something from
Sutra that you never want to think about
again your first date or is dance
no one shouldn't better not in sixth
grade for hunting you have STD have you
ever had an STD or scare or not but like
a scare really like you've never been
picking not a misprint don't scratch it
and then you like it'll scab and you're
like we know neither fucking next one
change if you wanna change by the way
Hilary is therapist goals high I mean
you can change if you wanna you have to
do she's like the epitome of like the
perfect Disney star she's the epitome of
the perfect person she got to she's
actually gone she's the only reason I
watch younger she's the only reason I
believe in heaven
Oh yesterday
what did you do yesterday good
what was you I went to work and then one
of my friends from college was isn't
visiting his brother so we offered the
way you started that story I thought it
was gonna be like one of my friends from
college died cuz when you're like my
friends Holly no no I went on Facebook
and like I just recently found out like
five kids from my class are dead and one
of the murder his family okay mine
aren't that wrapping up stories it's
just like really sad like some of those
I'm or what I did yesterday I counted
out how many pieces my family this is
I'm celebrating by mom last song perfect
finale
question this is the most important
since this is our official second day
yes this is the most important question
uh-huh starts waving to my fans guy
Rolly above do you like or hate that I
talk to strangers by the way cuz I live
it a lot guys I had a stranger take this
picture of us here we go now it's kind
of amazing this is a picture of us
having our prom it in and out you would
have thought that he asked the girl till
I kill someone though I fiery ginger
hair I'm horrified of me but then after
she did it you could tell she felt like
she accomplished something she knew she
won't be were I think if you that would
have been even funnier if it was like
what if you were sitting and in and out
eating like one of your favorite
youtubers
excuse me hey can you say your prom
photo Bureau see but in reality what it
was she thought I was actually a crazy
person and maybe homeless because of
what I'm wearing no your grace
okay but I might not love you because
the answer the question is what's your
favorite candy go
don't sour have fun around what did you
not act like that's a bad choice that's
like a lot of people's nothing you
didn't say Snickers cuz I own you out of
the car wash I know it's problem but
reasons you love yeah we what are you
gonna get a basketball and capable of
making that like it's like a screen verb
yes baby I'm gonna tell you things about
my body okay it's a wonderland your army
actually in the night John it's an
amusement park there's a lot of roller
coasters it's real wet a lot of water
slides a lot of carnival food and
honestly I can't leave you throw up what
did I just hit oh my god I hit somebody
you're with me we're in this together
give you a pinky I'm just wearing down
the carpet occasionally I see you you're
on a baby something perfect guys if you
want to see the rest of our date where
we go to baskin-robbins click on wheels
channel go subscribe let's get her to
fucking how many scrubs you're in on 60
like 60 like no offense I was gonna be
like I mean that's a lot guys let's get
hurt you're fucking a million for
realistic click on your thousand but the
fuck is your okay goodness to get Sun's
up its family dinner and go to her
channel subscribe leave a comment
staying hashtag chilly
cuz that's us and also like let's go see
what we're gonna get a baskin-robbins
I'm gonna give you a hint
I'm gonna get a lot maybe get easier
option and I'm gonna be burping and I'm
probably in a fart but my farts are very
quiet ok you'll smell it see guys a
little channel 5 oh my god
and I added a little bit and I did
something I can't so you wouldn't know
too much about what I have what what if
I was on your bed when you came home
