oh my god oh my god you see no yes
should I go all the way through wait why
does this know some good well-cooked pig
is an American fish really excited this
is a big day for us okay so you guys
know that like a month or two ago we
posted a video showing our new office
for our new business together and the
office was cute but it was empty and
kind of creepy and falling apart oh my
god oh my god oh my god something's up
but now officially the office is done it
has blown up and we were about to show
it to you and also we have a huge
announcement slash surprise I'm so
excited about do you think they're gonna
be excited excited we've never done it
we've been talking about for way too
long we're gonna back I'm good there No
okay are you guys ready for the big
reveal
it's cool why did you put that there
I was talking about the fucking baby I'm
throwing right now fire okay we're gonna
do an official tour really soon in this
video don't worry I brought my fur coat
my crown and my blowtorch well first it
was time to reveal the big surprise yeah
okay do you want to take them up to the
surprise room this is something we have
literally been working on for months
okay here we go
this actually looks like a murder scene
but okay I don't even know where to
start we'll make it fast so this is
really fun this is what you can wear
when your battery's feeling low with me
always yeah and is it available in black
oh yeah did you just call me a little
yeah
can I show my favorite yes okay you guys
have probably already seen me wearing
them and I literally been wearing it
every day but this is our didn't want to
put my face on a shirt because I thought
that was cheesy so I just put my whole
body oh okay this is a big deal
what okay you guys know that I've worn
this shirt almost every single day every
single day for like the last five years
wait can I smell it real quick oh it
smells like ten million subs so I
thought it would be fun if I remade this
shirt for you guys and myself because I
need a new one
it literally looks just like the other
one but it's better it's softer and it
doesn't smell like a so my plan is since
I have this shirt now that I'm gonna
start wearing everyday well I'm actually
going to destroy my everyday shirt yeah
you haven't told me that yet well I want
to destroy it because I feel like this
is the past
and this is the future I feel like this
is kind of a security blanket I'm
wearing it a lot because I just paid
myself and now I hate myself this much
less now that we have merged so I start
wearing this what are we gonna do to
bring the blowtorch about that for what
you think I was gonna do just burn
myself well yeah all right so we're
gonna be that later in the video and
there's a bunch of other shirts but
instead of just showing you all of them
in a boring way I think we should do a
gay / bisexual fashion show look at the
green screens behind you I can put you
anywhere where do you want to be put me
in a private job in the bomb squad
Oh can I be in the Charlie's Angels
movie Wow fighting bad guys cuz I'm the
Charlie's Angels literally if I were to
say I'm fighting my gayness and it's me
holding my briefcase that has my time
and play button in it
go into my mansion oh it doesn't look
like a mansion
it's my mansion wait you already were
that one
uh no there's color options this ones
are blue and it also comes in five
different colors alright can I get my
confession show yeah where do you wanna
be don't see something gate don't say
something gate don't say something gay
just few Germans ABS oh well we didn't
think about this well first of all your
body's never looked better
you know but we just can't see your body
cuz the green screen so just step over a
year yeah just go to the right there oh
wait what I just realized this shirts
green Estabrook competition show these
guys up on C team 10 loves my merch big
fans
yeah well no this is good because if
people have any babies in their lives
they can buy one for their little babies
because there are neuter sizes all the
shirts are a weight since we have a
green screen I just realized something
Oh Benjamin Harrison
I was thinking what's that on your phone
chain dance field gotta go by devil
oriented use the box oh no is that
Illuminati pop socket is everybody gonna
wonder if you're into conspiracy
theories too are people gonna actually
think you're the crazy kid in class who
thinks that Bush did it and that's not
all I'm also exploiting you can get your
very own
where's I know you're wondering dogs
don't do as well online
next up Shane what's your favorite
activity of all time hanging out with my
best friends no no viewers you know
Shane it's evening that's right now you
can represent Shane Dawson on your very
own phone eating two things of ice cream
I literally don't remember you making
that one time I told you I just uploaded
it to the Amazon store did you like it
right I definitely love my guys go that
is our official merch I'm so excited
I've never really been excited about
merch but I got really excited with this
because this is something I'm actually
gonna wear every day and you guys
forward to and all the other shirts are
really cool and the box is exciting I'll
put the link right here so you guys know
exactly where it is but it's all on
Amazon it you can get it really really
fast it's pretty cheap I'm really
excited about it and the link is right
at the top of description below so click
it go check it out yeah okay now that
we've done that it is time to do an
official office tour but we have an idea
what no I'm just really excited because
we have so many stairs now
ah hey guys quick change of plans we
actually ended a filming an entire
office tour as my Queen character and he
was fucking insane what is this so I
decided I should leave that as its own
video and that'll be coming up on Monday
so now enjoy the rest of this video
where I destroy my gross shirt and cry
about it have fun okay the shirt wait
where's your Queen character she's not
doing it she does oh no I want to do
this myself this is actually sad you
know we should we cut to a montage of
all the things me in the show you've
done together obviously Oh play super
lasner
running out of time
I hope that I can save you somehow
if I
if I had superpowers but save the world
you would be my I'm mad that you cut it
off before the beat drops but I'm okay
all right here we go
why do we have two phones I don't know
well what's the part of yourself that
you hate the most many could burn guess
I'll just burn the whole thing sure
thank you for getting me through so many
things thank you for never staining even
though I dropped so much food on you and
thank you for being with me through the
last five years oh my god oh my god you
seen that yes oh no it's cool Oh should
I go all the way through wait why does
it smell so good well-cooked pig is an
American fish
I literally thought we're just gonna
burn out the building oh it looks like I
was a superhero and I got to a site
maybe the whole room is full of smoke
yes oh my god wait oh no really I'm
making that in Instagram all right guys
go hopefully you enjoyed our official
office tour in a merger oh my god our
merch with the pictures here remind them
Wow I love these shirts and these pop
sockets so hopefully you guys like the
merch we tried really really hard on it
I'll put the link below and also if you
buy them and you wear them please take
pictures and tag us and show us and we
just would love to see them all right
you guys we will make sure to keep you
updated with everything regarding our
business but step one was merged and I
think we did a good job and I'm really
excited so hopefully you like it and
what are you doing Jesus are mommy and
their family and loving that they're
sweet leave it you know all right you
guys make sure to subscribe it is a
notification bow below because we make
new videos every single day okay I'm
gonna go you're it's not real
