hey guys we're just two party boys
having a party
oh sorry forgot my lenses there it is
did you notice that it turned on we
haven't been talking all night right
your shoulder I'm sure the way it just
looked at me and moved your legs like on
a date when it you're like it's time to
draw check out my last video Hey yes we
just went to parties because why the
fuck not
I know I don't know what I'm wearing
either let's not talk about it I like
everything about wait where it's like
little rock scattered and somebody like
maybe a man with a cold dick and he shot
little polos oh thank you for that
description yes we went to Party City
and we just got our party on we got a
lot of party stuff and we're just gonna
play around and see what we got I just
had a thought what Party City is it's
like such the opposite of a party
everything about the store because we
went and it was like 9:55 and it closes
at 10:00 no music now I turn it off at
7:00 or something
they're just fluorescent but like in a
sad way and everyone seemed like they
were mad that we were there all the
employees there it wasn't a party was a
funerals and yeah everybody's gonna die
okay so he's gonna go through this now I
don't know what we got we both got
different things I also had so much cold
storm before with what we had was a
chocolate lava milk no yes and then we
also experimented with round two a
fucking Reese's but nothing but the
peanut butter cup nothing but the bit
which by the way a lot of milk a lot of
other shit it's a lie
not allowing that okay all something
about it wait am i presenting fucking do
it
by the way wait before we do this cuz I
is not sponsored although we wish it was
okay I would live for Party City closing
what do you got it now these are
electric party hand warmers wait what
so they go on your fucking hands and
they want white an electric do they turn
on now
I don't know oh no that's just a brand
electric party Oh
every someone else now wait my go wait I
put one on you but on one in the pilet
hands and we just rather oh I was
thinking romantic you met sexual right
oh my god this is hands with you I don't
thinks it doesn't feel wrong right by
the way are huge and cold you know that
means a huge cold cop oh they're getting
literally welcome to your house oh my
god can you imagine though jerking off
with that they'll be like fucking them
up it it would be like if a clown was
sucking your dick mm-hmm but you ripped
his hair off because you guys weren't
friends anymore right so like what's
your nozzle later we are clowns what do
you think of it okay next is Jane almost
passed us by and I was like this is a
whole situation big we put it on hello
oh my god that's a lot this is like this
scary oh my god what's up anything
that's what's happening okay the kids
fault I'm not freaking out I'm actually
Tina no kidding I'm actually really
nervous
that's like that shit ha the goof okay I
hate to say this as I've already said
there's so much today but me
Shane was so like genuinely excited just
like a little horny boy how long decided
it goes good so it's for graduation
obviously it's like a graduation gift
like you give your little grad back
because he's a little graduation hat but
it's also the coming-out gift Oh for
someone who is gay yeah on graduation
day yes which would be such a good day
but also like taking away from the other
straight kids oh yeah how do you when I
look at it I go to like an actual cake
that's the noise it makes while someone
comes yeah like too much
hold on the nail oh yeah yeah is this a
real thing oh my god fuck yeah this is
called a superglue that's 15 wobbly
15 inch let's see what my whole can take
oh my god oh my god wait this is the
worst thing ever this is
are really excited her boyfriend tifo
never I've changed my mind it doesn't go
to the end of it bro Matt oh my god did
you ever have like a sleepover and you
open one of them and like you've
researched if you were going to die all
night you know I'm talking about like an
you opened up a glow step leave a
comment low stick and you were like oh
fuck it's on my hand it's on my hands
and you google like can you die from
glow sticks and it was like maybe you
really guys I'm scared you guys are
sleeping bag loud weird sleep orbit as
you go through would hit very very
experimental I told you about
what's the tumblr game sorry what I'm
more juicing I taught you about
steamroll where my friends and I would
would roll over each other in our
sleeping bags imagine five young boys
mm-hmm living their life he just walking
I listen the bomb before we both go to
jail I got this for you specifically
because I feel like you need a change
daddy I do you need a new look daddy I
really do check my hamster very common
my interim comment by the way it went
from like fuck you kill yourself back to
now it's literally like oh my god I've
lost so much weight pooping with these
new you know see that one literally like
shut up fuck I mean you told me you
replied to some of it I replied divine I
never applied a comment even hate cops
they don't reply but those were gonna be
so annoying I literally revived and I
was like you are a fucking disgusting
piece of trash literally you're a waste
of breath bitch why would that be the
it's not real I know having a robot
nothing happened oh I would get oh no
okay you guys can tell this is the wig
no who is this who is she on everything
fucking Queen of Party City
I think it's Jada pinkett-smith okay so
should I cut my other hero yes first
shave your head oh wow there's like a
whole cottage of the back it's an
asymmetrical wait that's another that's
like a basket oh no one's hair
what is that because I almost introduced
her here she is
Little Miss who that girl now put your
hands a little deeper there she gets
fisted oh I love that how do you feel oh
I forgot about this I'm trying to figure
it out well it's awful kind of like the
intercom
how is it anything like I've only got me
but it was and I'm finally Anthony and
we're smoking fine no I was actually
thinking the other day we haven't kissed
for a while but you know what I haven't
actually thought about that something we
used to do a like every two months you
they don't say was for a video you
actually did that a few times you think
I just never been kissed you didn't
think that's why I'm just saying there's
a lot of like deleted scenes if you know
what I'm talking about okay I got a new
so wicked killers wait is it this has to
be a news for killing yourself there's
no other explanation of what this is I
mean we decided oh this is it right
there no wait what it actually is this
Oh an eight foot we owe to meet you
daddy
Oh should we try it I think get your fat
ass down what if you get my belly
be starts low Oh bad no no don't do that
I mean why not because it'll hurt very
bad not proud I like that as it teases
you if you did that for an hour come do
you know what I mean if you did anything
for long enough we'll get it just
get-get a little hard good mom moms are
hurt um oh that was hard I'm sorry babe
really yeah everything well you're not
getting the film right ah yellow good
well I kind of love what if I found out
it was video soon oh my god in the video
oh my god every time I met a new partner
I was like and this is where it I would
love to be your first fucking painful
you hear them fucking master I got this
because I think it's supposed to be
about a baby's birthday but if you guys
end to me I am 100 right
I like wicked that so hard
beautiful oh my god do you want to see
it Greg love again I don't know is look
really wait okay it's in a thing we're
like you're thinking about something
else and I feel if you're laughing at my
hand like I'm cry because it's a lion so
fucking stupid
yeah so fun also way too big nothing
one-year-old it's a stoop and all the
wild fucking line while your baby dead
and a fucking ditch well I guess is
sweet like I am one oh my god you're one
has a bisexual I am one really neat how
long has it been
oh I don't know it was what if we did an
Instagram on the day oh my anniversary I
am one and you put like a serious
caption it's been one year I kind of
think of myself as a little baby baby
just learning it liked it I know that
y'all were that you're nine month old
second cop okay so I got play for you
and you guys think for me but wait do
you want this on thing like I'm more
comfortable than what is that you don't
have to I don't know what I'm really
shorts you better do that I don't I feel
like you'll get so much information
about what's in my fucking do it
we got you put on the fucking called it
evolved with there and then I've been
worried this okay I'm done are you ready
my god hurry I'm waiting yeah a little
bit no that bit little fuck over there
oh my god
and I added a little bit and I did stuff
my pants so you wouldn't know too much
about what I have what is that what if I
was on your bed when you came home so
where is it what if I just was trying to
get you to judgment in there I love this
yeah this is about everything
no that's killing it right there no I
don't know if I want to be this naked on
you to my house you've been that naked
in front of my actual one I mean I feel
like I look at you I feel like I'm gonna
text you later to cut this out okay
closer than L know you got sexy cool
earrings now it's up to y'all in the
Khans decide who's sexy and who's cool
and they're like neither her you're like
zoella yeah some British guy I'm gonna
say her sex
I'm going to say everyone says that I
think you're sexy because sexy is all
about confidence I mean if I was
somebody else and I saw me walk into a
room with my weird fucking hair and
they're like fucked up jeans with like
stains on that might be like he has
something to say oh hi suck it no yes I
think about that sucking me oh my god
wait do I have sexy on yeah sexy cool so
we are the sexiest coolest youtubers
ever I think that there's no doubting
that to the right person either much
could be sexy not both of the same time
but never cool 100% that's never going
to happen
butter guys go hopefully enjoyed our
party City Hall I hope you guys love
parties so we're not going make sure to
give the video a thumbs up and subscribe
because we make new videos every single
day don't you yeah I do once a week you
doesn't matter I make sure to go over to
Drew's Daniel subscribe and check out
the video we did over there
what we do we did something fucking that
you're not going to fucking believe and
if you don't god damn quick you gonna
die oh all right you guys we'll see you
little party animals tomorrow no you
want I don't like that it felt very good
authentic I'm into somebody else
all right you guys let's see you
tomorrow bye
I can't participate in that I won't like
they know what they see it coming into a
youth pastor all right it's like you're
yourself and then what you do that at
the end
oh fuck ha ha oh my god oh my god my god
oh my god it's like I'm building a house
and the house is falling down it's
exactly like that okay okay oh that
makes everything oh my god holy fuck
like have you ever seen anything that
fucking beautiful
