heads of you guys quick thing before
this video I'm here with the psychic
twins and we just filmed a video for
their channel where they read your
guys's future so that's right they went
through all the videos on YouTube that
you guys sent in and they gave you guys
some prediction so I'll put the link
down there go subscribe check it out and
I will see you guys in the video hi
hey guys hi I am so fucking excited
which is sad but I don't care I have
heard the myth the fucking legend of the
Twinkie cake for so many years I had a
friend Steve who said his mom used to
make this and basically he was like oh
yes she would layer fucking Twinkies
with fucking icing in between each
motherfucking later bitch and I was like
I don't believe you how can that be
possible
how could somebody make something so
fucking perfect I mean I guess Hilary
Duff's mom didn't make her so I guess
that makes sense but you know bitch
perfect anyways okay so I have here in
front of me fucking one two three four
five motherfucking boxes of Twinkies
hashtag not spawns hashtag wish it was
hashtag me but I'm a little bit gayer
than that so I also have three jars of
Pillsbury icing once again fucking me
and then on top I'm just gonna throw
some sprinkles because you know
everything deserves a little bit of
sprinkles okay so I guess what we'll do
is just like use this and start stacking
and I don't know just fucking see what
happens I've never made a cake but this
is no baking this should be fine now
nervous this is a lot to live up to
we're gonna do it guys we're doing all
right so let's start by opening these
boxes oh my god you know let start with
the taste test cuz I mean it's me you
know I mean I'm gonna do a taste test oh
fuck oh my god oh my god this little
fucking cream filled cunt oh yeah
fucking perfect fucking perfect fucking
Hilary Duff metamorphosis bitch okay
we'll save this one for like decoration
okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
unbox all of these in unwrapped oh yeah
we'll see you right afterward and a half
of them won't survive because I'm going
to eat them see you soon
okay hold on I'm back on mainly because
I want you
see how fun and cool this is ready I
don't know if you've ever seen somebody
make your winged Twinkies but I wasn't
as cool as I thought I was going to be
was actually really sad it actually is
really depressing to think about I'm a
grown man and I bought ten boxes of
Twinkies
all right see you guys later all right
guys oh oh my god oh my god this is
heaven I want to die just so I can go to
heaven and see this let's be honest I go
to hell and if I went to hell I wouldn't
see this oh god it would just be a huge
bit of baby carrots huh that's gonna
make me change my life I'm gonna be a
good person for now on just so I can get
this what I die okay so we have all our
Twinkies we're gonna start assembling on
our plate yeah let's just eat these bye
okay let's do this all right oh my god
this skinny angle is feeling it
I love how have the skinny angle next to
a trough of Twinkies me okay
so let's lay them down it's gonna be for
like this and then two like that per
layer right guys there's no instructions
for this nobody does this okay so time
to start ice it oh my god this is
something I'm so excited ooh I've never
used one of these before
and I seem like Rachael Ray Paula Dean
do it I'm just so ready to join my
Queens oh my god I would brush my teeth
with this I mean stop it you know I mean
like stop being so fucking good oh yeah
okay well it's just like ladies down
like this oh my god this is what it's
like to lie tricks
am i fucking working yeah no no oh my
god yes oh fuck oh my God look at that
layer guys that's like an awful emoji
here I mean it's toast man you're like
hey girl was tough Pino I'm like scared
to say this but I kind of like you just
wondering what you feel the same and
then she said you fucking toast man
bitch I don't interpret that sorry I'm
bringing you my personal issues into
this let's stop next letter aha aha oh
no gotta make it fit oh my god it's
exactly like building a house cuz of
people actually building houses sweating
crying they're in so much pain they work
10-hour days and then I'm like this is
just like building a fucking half
Araya ice this level oh my god porno
music starts
oh-oh-oh-oh
okay all right let's do the next layer
oh I'm actually drooling I literally
just had to slurp up my spit oh my god
okay yes yes yes yes yeah stay together
stay together babies stay together stay
with your family can you guys believe
that Twinkies were like out of business
last year I never got to business again
cuz I literally bought them all Oh open
up another jar something I've said
before a lot so I'm gonna start using
this little spoon cuz I need to like
really get into these crevices and I
feel like I'm not really getting things
together right yeah I need this thing to
be firm I used to stay I need the
foundation to be laid like yeah I'm
trying to have fun trying to go crazy
cake but like I'm also trying to make
something and beautiful and I want to
win an award kind of a work that I win
for this bad as you do right saddest
youtuber oh my god the saddest fattest
person on YouTube hey then come on
company I can't wait to make my speech
oh my god guys thank you so much for
voting for me for the saddest fattest
person on YouTube I know I had a lot of
competition and like honestly I'm just
really happy that you saw me at the
saddest saddest one I think it was my
Twinkie cake video that really put me
over the top
oh my god okay yeah I might have to not
use this little spoon because it's not
giving me what I want I mean big day
Oh oh good that's it that's it right
there okay another layer honestly this
is really fun and I don't know what I'm
gonna do with this cake afterward should
I like have a party oh my god book
release party I friends would really
worry about me hey guys gate gets worse
no really it does not make sure to post
a picture of you my book on social whoa
oh yeah all right I think only one more
layers left guys this is a big moment
we're fucking doing it we're fucking
killing it by the way while I'm filming
this video I'm waiting for an
electrician to come because I'm having
situations with my lights and I really
hope he comes in right is uncut ingush
alright last layer
oh fuck I feel like I've made a
masterpiece by Wall of China who like
Eiffel Tower what it's all about the
motherfucking Twinkie KB oh my god this
could be like America's thing you know
like the Eiffel Tower America like Lady
Liberty my people are going to come from
all over the world to see this bitch
okay I need to stand up to do the rest
of this let's layer this on oh I can't
stop moaning it's just too fucking good
I'm not gonna ignore it I'm not gonna
not tell her how cute she is
I don't care that she doesn't like
compliments I'm gonna tell her she's
pretty every day oh now we're getting
sighs I don't even care about a
messiness anymore like I was gonna try
to make it real cute bitch I just want
to cut into this big Oh No Halling oh no
oh my god it's all I got is it's all I
know wait how do we going up how do I
keep her up shit okay we got a crop is
bitch up oh my god don't fall
babe babe oh shit I'm gonna put some to
focus on the side oh my god all right we
got a hurry the wall is coming down I'm
sorry okay
that's okay we go this we got this okay
it's frosting it's frosting no it's just
trying to sprinkle her okay that size
not bad that sounds pretty oh my god we
gotta hurry I think your scroll I just
think I can open anything
Oh oh my god it's like I'm building a
house and the house is falling down it's
exactly like that okay okay oh that
makes everything oh my god
holy fuck like have you ever seen
anything that fucking beautiful all
right let's cut into this sauce so
fucking ready okay let's cut off this
ends right here
oh my god you can see this oh yes oh oh
god there you guys have it that is I
mean listen presentation who's not
killing it but like you'd fuck this up
don't lie to me oh my god okay let's
take a bite okay here we go I'm going in
on this side right here okay get a
little more that oh my god oh here we go
guys oh my god
guys okay this is the best cake I've
ever had this is a lot though I already
feels ten times more hyper I'm out of
here this this fit for your birthday for
your graduation for your grandma's death
I'm here make this tell your parents I
need 50 Twinkies I need three jars of
icing actually get four and I need two
bottles sprinkles and people will freak
out for them this is so fucking good
Twinkies hey can you call me cuz like I
would love to get paid for what I just
make you I mean I just brought your
brand back bitch oh my gosh
so good so good guys look at this I mean
hello oh my god look at the sides ah
that's the angle baby oh my god she look
good for the back where are you guys
going let me know in the comments what
kind of cake I should make next I could
probably make one out of what like
pop-tarts
Ding Dongs burgers the options are
endless as you guys hope you have fun
making this dumbass shit with me I had
fun with you they tell you this video
thumbs up and subscribe if you lose
every single day and I'll see you little
Twinkie strong
bye I'm so confused and conflicted why
do I like me the club like me with too
much concealer you know I mean like
nobody told me like none of my friends
told me and then I find out later might
add pictures on Instagram and I'm like
damn
- profile - profile - profile
