hey guys yes it is time again for me to
hack up my face now my face could use
some hacking some days I wake up in the
morning go do I want to wash it do I
want to hack it off with a butcher knife
mmm anyways today we're gonna be talking
about beauty hacks once again and they
are just getting dumber
I don't know how I found these some of
them are clearly not real but the worse
the better that's what I always say with
pretty much everything okay so first
things first print on one that's really
popular basically they're saying that if
you coat your eyelashes with cotton
balls and then put mascara on them it'll
make your eyelashes look beautiful and
plump now I don't believe that one bit I
think it's gonna make your eyelashes
look infected and diseased and possibly
pee guy and I've had pinkeye I've had it
twice I don't know you're thinking move
Shane how'd you get pink eyes something
nasty no literally just me wiping I ask
too much not watching my hands enough
and scratching my eyes too much and I
wipe are your army like I get in there
like the way you scrape that spoon up
Ben and Jerry's container I'm trying to
get every last chunk a half-baked that's
my ass so I have this stuff which is
like eye shadow goop which is kind of
like mascara except not at all and I'm
no idea what I'm talking about
ah so I guess first we're just gonna
like clump it on my eyelashes let me get
a close-up so you can really see how
badly I'm fucking about whoo she is
looking blotchy today alright I'm just
gonna put this on my eyelashes ill ill
ill so it already feels completely wrong
I have seen this girl outside of a lot
of ours how it burns Birds you just
don't understand me right
I don't know why you so mad at me he's
your brother and now I gotta fuck the
stranger yeah I've seen that
conversation actually ever okay so now
that we have that we're going to rub the
cotton balls on it and try to get some
of that cotton fiber to stick okay
everything about this hurts no oh my god
oh this is like really shitty Halloween
makeup where it's like I'm Spider Queen
it's like nah bitch you just look like
shit you got some cotton stuck to your
eyes let me get that no I'm spider
fucking Queen okay so let's get their
fuck how do I
look honestly if somebody did this on
drag race though Michelle visage would
be like I love the originality okay
that's there and now we're just going to
add some more black goop to it I know
this looks wrong but like honestly if we
add makeup guru music it's gonna look
right hit it and are done ready for prom
right girl
haha go buy my perfume in stores now
well um I don't think that worked but I
also did it completely wrong so next one
okay so this next one is glitter chest
which I saw I think on BuzzFeed or
something uh it's very stupid and
obviously not real but I'm going to
drive anyways so kind of like glitter
beard except for on your chest so let's
do this okay so I'm doing it this way
because this is how self-conscious
people do it you know we don't want to
show our gross nasty hairy arms we just
want to show this gross nasty hairy
chest so first things first Mir don't
you spray it with him this is my vibe
hold on tight oh I smell like chicken I
love it oh my god could you imagine if I
use this is like Cologne my call duck
she's almost here hey baby I hope you
like deep-fried everything okay so now
that we have the Pam we're gonna be
pouring on the glitter now I with
breasts muddled purple cuz like I want
my chest to pop but like I don't want to
overdo it there we go ooh oh yeah okay
I'm not gonna lie
honestly this is kind of killing it
right I mean I know it's funny and it's
like stupid but like look at this close
up that's kind of everything oh my god
if I was somebody that like went to
clubs and bars would fuck this shit
bitch oh fuck Sophie Sophie wait I need
a selfie oh yeah this is good oh my gosh
killing it alright I'm gonna give this
one ten out of ten I love this and then
you could just cover it with your shirt
so like your mom doesn't see it and then
like the second you leave the house
fucking glitter tits bitch alright okay
so this you'll see a little bit of it I
love that just like a just a pop of
color oh my god okay so the next one is
the glue on the nose face mask uh
guess you put glue on your nose and then
you covered the paper towel and then you
rip it off and it's like rips your pores
out I don't know what that means but
let's do it
all right so I got Elmer's glue because
I find her to be like really good for my
face like I don't want anything that's
gonna like her or be toxic so like when
I see that little cow give me that
little smile and fucking trust her you
know I mean okay here we go
yeah oh I hate this feeling oh my god I
hate it more than anything
oh I feel like I've done this one before
how I don't know I've done so many
beauty hacks guys I'm a fucking guru I
can't keep track
all right put this on here okay so I
guess we just let it sit I look like a
girl who got some Fox out plastic
surgery she was like oh I just wanted a
nose job then I was like do my lips do
my chin do my cheeks and then she's like
fuck well I guess this will be my new
look just cover it all okay so while
this is drying we're gonna go to the
next one now the next one is shaving
with peanut butter just everything about
this is wrong
number one why would you want to shave
with peanut butter just get fucking
shaving cream which is cheaper than jiff
bitch jiff is expensive by the way top
of the line but like I was gonna put
anything cheap on my body like I would
never use Peter Pan goobers don't get me
started like if I'm gonna shave with
peanut butter I'm gonna shape it the
best hashtag nice box
hashtag they would never hi Shane this
is Jeff yes would you do a video where
you shave using our peanut butter that
we great yeah really get your nasty
fucking hairy body all over that peanut
butter yeah yeah whoo you're pale sad
skin kind of looks like white wonder red
yeah that's fun yeah they didn't happen
all right so let's try to shave like a
little piece of my arm okay
just a little bit wanna see if it
actually works all right so you see it
right there so we're going to shave that
by the way look at my razor literally
pubes all over it all right okay is it
working
it's working you oh it's like I tried to
shave my ass before I washed it oh well
I need at work the one half that looks
is the grossest one of course it was
kind of take off my nose thing
okay now let's see if this worked uh oh
my god
wait there's a little black dots on it
is that are those pores I don't know
anything I think that means something
happened did something fucking happen
does my nose look good no but I think it
kind of worked
holy shit guys I'm a hack star and it
feels kind of good I mean between this
and this and her fucking killing it
today all right we got one more left and
I'm fucking ready now this one we're
gonna be bringing back our friendship
we're gonna be using her as a facemask
now listen to me everything about it
sounds wrong because I feel like peanut
butter is very oily and very greasy and
I feel like that just creates pimples
but then again if you put the peanut
butter on and you have pimples
underneath and you pop the pimples BHS
PB&J
I mean it's PD and strawberry J which is
like not my favorite but like still
killing it oh my god
use this as lube and then that's like PD
and marshmallow cream hi chip call me I
have a lot of random deal ideas all
right here we go let's just fucking do
this
fuck it you know what I mean we're
already doing it we're just gonna eat it
you know how much I hate putting stuff
on my face oh my god but I'm gonna do it
for you okay no it's supposed to do you
when you wipe it up it will it's
supposed to make you feel so smooth Oh
at least I didn't get crunchy which is
my favorite oh okay oh my god I feel
just like peanut butter baby remember
him ah doesn't feel good ah my favorite
thing about peanut butter baby is all
the memes they made of it they would
like take peanut butter baby
I like remix it gimme gimme gimme I
can't you baby
alright there we go I'm covered I'm not
gonna lie it feels good I know it's
fucking peanut butter and this is stupid
and like just get a normal face mask but
it kind of feels good and it kind of
smells fucking good I'm so confused and
conflicted why do I like it me the club
like me with too much concealer you know
I mean like nobody told me like none of
my friends told me and then I find out
later my tiny pictures on Instagram and
I'm like Dave hi from profile - ha ha ha
profile so I guess we just like wipe it
off and then see if it feels better
I want should we leave it on for a while
what should I do snapchat let's see what
all my friends are doing I'm gonna
not this hey guys just living my life I
hope you're living yours I hope you're
living your best life I know I if you
want to see more things like that follow
me on snapchat lol Shane Dawson you
shouldn't
alright let's wipe this off and see how
it looks oh is this what it's like to be
a girl when you have like a lot of
foundation and you're like let me just
get this hop real quick before bed you
like just hooked up with someone you're
spending that at their house you're like
hold on baby let me take my makeup off
don't look at me I don't want you to see
this Mike do you have a trash can I'm
gonna need it
oh this is fucking gross okay I'm gonna
go and borrow figurative oh okay I
didn't get it all at all fuck I probably
got it all off well okay
honestly guys my face feels good I'm not
gonna want it it feels smooth it feels
kind of moist but like not too moist I
think it might work I think these hats
fucking work today this is up first for
us let's just all take a minute to think
about what we did
actually no let's not think about that I
want to pretend like none of that ever
happened supplying guys go knows me
drying out more dumb beauty hacks Lisa
comments let me know what other WD acts
I should drive also give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to see all my beauty hack videos
I'll put a playlist link in the
description at you guys hope you have
followed me had fun with you and I'll
see you little peanut butter babies
tomorrow Oh Robert down viewer over 700
out of every week by the way I love that
the only characters I knew from that
movie we're like the two hot guys and
the girl I don't I don't want superhero
movies
