hey guys yes today I'm gonna let you in
on a little secret I really really like
food what that's not a secret you
already knew that you can tell by this
well just to show you how much of a
fatty I am today we are going to be
eating secret talk about menu items yep
bet you didn't know that bet you didn't
know that there's a whole secret world
out there full of secret treats it's
like going into oz and like seeing the
wizard behind the curtain except it's
not a wizard it's a really really sad
teenage girl who's pregnant who says oh
secret item all right I'm in fucking
mild sauce you know I just want to put
her tears on everything anyways let's
get started okay I have a good time
Phil to talk about secret menu items
once again this is not sponsored to talk
about hi would you like to sponsor my
life I would literally sleep on brunch
wraps yeah I mean like I would do a
morning routine video where like I wake
up on Crunchwrap I go to the bathroom
take a shit wipe my ass with a gordita
crunch and then I brush my teeth with
lava sauce Oh goals alright let's get
started alright so this one is called
the Incredible Hulk
now for those of you don't know the
Incredible Hulk is fucking comic book
thing I don't know I don't know all I
know is one time in high school when I
was very fat I was driving about a bitch
and when I put my arm down on her chest
she went pull smash
let's see now I think this is like
filled with extra baka moly which is why
it's a Hulk like it's real green I'm
hoping it's not like the movie you know
full of shit
but let's just open her up and see oh
there it is
that's fucking everything fuck oh my god
in my morning routine I would fucking
straighten my hair with this I would
fucking yeah bird you're gonna try to
eat my head I'm giving a fucks just take
a bite of this oh my god I don't know
what side I'm gonna get who which hope
leg do I want who I just want what's in
between those legs huh oh my god
maybe I think this will be a part of the
Avengers what would my power be I think
my power would be never disappearing no
matter how many people want how about
then on you dude so long how does that
happen
I'm sorry alright here we go Oh Robert
Downey mere 7 Oh
oh-ho remover by the way I love that the
only characters I knew from that movie
we're like the two hot guys and the girl
I don't know I don't want superhero
movies I try to watch a spider-man 1
with Emma Stone but then I was like oh I
like her and then I was like both we
just did like why does everything I like
dying Oh next item this is called an
insurer ito I have no idea what this is
it looks like I mean I'm assuming in
churrito is Spanish for dead baby or
premature fetus whatever it is I can't
wait to gobble it up oh my god can you
imagine I'd like an abortion clinic it's
gonna be a weird story but I got an
abortion claiming like first of all what
do they do with the babies you know I
mean like you're they just throw them in
the trash but do they pretend like it's
just like a soda can they just like oh
there's that baby again bye Susie you
could have been great or do they have
like a special trash like a baby trash
and then what happens is somebody like
accidentally throws a Twinkie wrapper in
the baby trash do they pick it out and a
lot of questions if you work in an
abortion clinic hit me up oh my god I'd
love to do eating video there I'm
kidding whoo this just got dark okay
let's eat okay here we go
this was honestly gross but I'm fucking
ready oh she has wings bitch this is
like a tampon from eight years ago I had
a friend in high school I don't know if
ever told the story but if I have get
ready and her family was Asian and I
came into our house one day there was
bloody tampons hanging from her ceiling
fan and I was like oh that's choice and
she's like oh it's like an Asian thing
like we keep our tampons and we reuse
them and I was like oh like I wasn't
gonna get that pussy before because like
you're too good for me but like I'm
definitely not gonna get it in out right
the last thing I need to do like what
I'm into pussy is be like oh what's this
oh oh
why is it black how old is this house
two weeks oh that's cute okay yeah not a
good look
okay here we go I don't know how to eat
this oh it's smiling at me I don't like
that
oh it's having to smiling she's going ah
okay here we go I want to like kick just
like a fetus and hope for you I had
green
you but I'm sorry after young a pretty I
don't wanna ruin my life no all right
this one is called the double real kiss
idea I don't think I've ever even had a
normal kiss feel or have I I don't
remember but oh my god the smell no in a
good way
oh my god oh it's clearing my sinuses
this is like deep fried new snacks oh my
god does it smell so good let's take her
out of her shell oh my god
crispy she is I like these because we're
multiple use you know I mean like first
you can have finger stuff off you got
hot then you can like open her up user
at the clutch then you can just express
your emotions like I'm so happy today or
yeah just let the abortion clinic a lot
of uses okay let's try this first let's
get it on the little ah that was
anti-crime I was expecting with you know
like Oh me every time I spread my ass
which is a lot okay here we go
twice-fried you know what she's simple
she crying at heart she's me but she's
go it's kind of like everything at cj
max given me or everything at Ross like
simple no great not bad
instant regret after you buy it and then
with somebody ask you where you got that
shirt at you don't want to tell them you
lie it's exactly like this I regret it
and I also don't want anybody to know
that I ordered something from the secret
menu at Taco Bell
cuz that's sad next item alright this is
our grand finale this is called the
Superman I'm hoping it's a lot like the
Soulja Boy song like good enough but
then it goes away fast like I want to
shit this out in 10 minutes alright so I
have no idea what this means
I did not even look it up but it's
called a Superman so I'm assuming it's
gonna be a huge letdown I'm assuming
nerds all over the world are hitting the
blogs talking about it but who knows
maybe I like it let's open it up oh my
god huh what what everything is in here
this has it all I don't know if that's a
good thing or a bad thing why is there
shrimp is that shrimp I didn't talk
about your oh no that's potatoes okay
there's meat potatoes cheese guacamole
sour cream rice I don't think this is
Superman first of all Superman would
never need to talk about Superman's at
Chipotle look Superman doesn't even get
a burrito she gets a bowl and she
doesn't get a rice bowl she gets a Sam
Superman keeps your body searched you
have to when you're flying through the
air that's why
literally can't jump okay I actually
cannot Joe alright here we go
is it a bird is it a plane no how the
fuck it is but oh my god
that's not let them that is not Batman
vs. Superman this is serving me
spider-man to Tobey Maguire Kristen
jumped at their peak realness this is
not giving me green weights and this is
giving me Deadpool this is not giving me
the whole person one who's give me no
version two this is giving me Lindsay
Lohan Just My Luck now before you guys
go Oh Sheamus in a superhero movie um
that bitch had some super powers to get
through that whole movie shoot without
dying that was of the peak of her mental
illness the peak of her drug abuse
that's why she kept her eyes open during
that whole movie that super girl anyways
this is amazing I don't understand it
but I love it it's basically that
cheerleader song I don't get it I don't
understand it bable bable bable bitch
cheerleader but honestly i love it
speaking of cheerleaders when I was in
high school they were doing like a pep
rally but it was in the quad at lunch
and we all had burritos because that's
all we ate and there was like the most
popular cheerleader and she was like
ready okay fucking bitch
she didn't do anything to me but you
know I mean just like a bitch fuck you
bitch like why are you telling us like
you're ready to go so we're all ready to
go no it is that your decision to tell
me if I'm ready or not for the fucking
pep rally bitch we're gonna start this
motherfucker pep rally when we're all
ready okay you ready you ready we're
ready girl go I don't know I'm so angry
about that I think she died I actually
think I saw it on Facebook she died
anyways the point of the story was
somebody threw a burrito at her head and
she was funny
anyways their knees go oh that was me
trying to talk about secret menu items
hopefully you enjoy that I did so much I
only know two other comments what other
secret menu item pressure tribe dominoes
oh wait let me know I'll show you this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
I make new videos every single day and
you should subscribe or else we won't
know about them but then I guess still
be a secret so that's kind of fun
I'm kidding please subscribe alright you
guys I'll see you little secret menu
items tomorrow bye alright here we go
okay we're going to say
five times ready Candyman the Candyman
the Candyman the Candyman the candy
