hello my name is lexus cheese all and
welcome to the 100th episode of bonk on
the show where we talk about things that
are blowing up on the internet the last
couple weeks on mom calm I've introduced
a segment called calling out bullshit
where I take videos and kind of expose
the behind the scenes of it all the DIY
trend we are going to be calling out the
bullshit on today is edible phone cases
now I'm not watched very many of these
videos but what I can imagine we have in
store is something similar to the Kylie
Jenner lip challenge where it starts off
harmless and fun and then you look down
then there's glass in your mouth because
you accidentally try to adjust your
cellphone in addition to calling out the
bullshit on these edible DIY phone cases
I have created a very long list of
things I would rather eat than a phone
case that I will be reading through as
we go along through this video laser is
on let's watch some videos of DIY edible
phone cases shall we okay the first one
we're gonna be watching is a DIY edible
french fry phone case by Lucas okay so
this iPhone up french fry edible case is
created by using eight pizza crust and a
bunch of french fries so if you are a
starchy boy or a starchy girl who loves
a little starch this is ideal for you I
mean I love with a pizza crust I would
be willing to take one for one and a
half bites out of this edible french fry
foam case just see how it takes a
reading from the list of things I would
rather eat than an edible phone case
chuckles okay our potato french fries
chicken nuggets chicken sandwich Ice
Cream Sandwich look shake individual
slices of Kraft singles cake Sultan
waffles bagel have a bagel with avocado
on
okay the next video we're gonna be
watching is DIY edible iPhone cases eat
your phone case how to make no first
eatable phone case hungry already put
this phone to sweetings like I mean I'm
not oftentimes craving a snack to the
point where I'd like to eat my iPhone
case now something that has always been
a big trend on the Internet is
relatability that awkward moment when
you're trying to walk through door but
you're next someone but you're not sure
who's gonna walk through the door first
oh not more thumbs up got awkward moment
when you realize you need to turn around
in the middle of the sidewalk so you
like look at your phone so it looks like
you use your phone and you got a text
that told you like hey turn around right
now give this video thumbs up please at
awkward moment when you like how severe
stomach pain and need to be rush to the
hospital is more of a relatable moment
than this girl craving to eat her phone
case on your phone they're more like
party favors or way to eat your way to
the prize my koala pushin that is what
is the prize and do I want it so
typically when I make cookies I don't
have like any plastic in them maybe I'm
weird I'm a little bit unhealthily
obsessed and amazed about all the fun
things I'm seeing now that is a
relatable post I'm really just hoping
that you don't like the things take that
now that my friends is another relatable
post learning how to internet teaming up
continued reading from the list of
things I'd rather eat than an edible
phone case a pair of headphones a water
bottle the whole thing cap label and a
six pack of socks with tiny cartoon
drafts on a soccer ball flip flops
assorted colors Declaration of
Independence
final DIY IP phone case we were watching
yeah I have made a four yo phone case
tutorial I would have talked about these
little music montage into the beginning
of DIY and beauty guru videos kind of
remind me if like a Care Bear Sour Patch
Kid or some sort of cartoon character
came to life a little on edge maybe
suicidal I just want attention but in
the nicest cutest most saturated way
possible huh wait so if you're creating
this Oreo phone case you are literally
sacrificing your phone because based on
this cute little musical intro at the
beginning the iPhone is the middle part
of the Oreo so if you're that willing to
commit to an edible DIY to the point
where you can never text anyone back
this is the iPhone tutorial for you all
so you let literally cannot eat this and
now for our final reading from the list
of things I would rather eat than an
edible phone case a whole shrub a garden
dirt included any of the various light
bulbs in my room my friend Johanna a
blanket two grenades with their fuses
list side note because of the movie
Bridge to Terabithia for the longest
time I've got grenades grew naturally in
the forest of our stool check your mom
and that is enough for me today good
night making extra torching is edible
episode of I've not come with fluid and
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed this episode
give it a thumbs up and be sure to check
out the latest video over on my channel
where I played with a bunch of adult
toys it will be one of the first links
in the description you can also follow
me across my social media I highly
recommend it again links below question
the day if you can make an edible
anything what would you want to eat I
personally would love to turn a lush bar
of soap into an edible
creation that I can ingest and enjoy
I'll see you next week with a brand new
episode of um calm Saul good
