hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be talking about another urban
legend today's urban legend is very very
scary to me because it involves one of
my favorite things in the whole world
which is candy but then it takes my
favorite thing in the whole world and
combined it with my least favorite thing
in the whole world which is somebody
who's actually going to kill me
and there's a lot of those people yes
today we're gonna be talking about the
Candyman
so the Candyman is an urban legend about
a ghost of a slave who comes back for
revenge if you say his name five times
in a mirror so legend goes that many
years ago there was a slave named Daniel
Robert L and he worked on a plantation
in New Orleans it was actually an
incredible painter and the plantation
owner realized that so he asked him to
paint a portrait of his daughter
well while daniel was painting the photo
he fell in love with the daughter and
they started to have a love affair
but when the plantation owner found out
about it yeah really fucking pissed and
he got all of his friends to create an
angry mob and chased Daniel out of town
Daniel hid inside of a barn and they
found him and what they did to him next
was awful they cut off his right hand
with a rusty saw and then they covered
him in honey and they threw him at a
beehive so now when you call the
Candyman and see him in the mirror what
you're gonna see is a guy covered in
honey covered in sores and has a hook
for a hand now a lot of people have
experiences with the Candyman just like
they did with Bloody Mary and they go to
the Internet to tell their story this is
a story of somebody that says that this
really happened years ago I was walking
with my friend to the community swimming
pool and we noticed that there was a
door slightly open next to the pool so
we decided to go and check it out it was
really dark but I had a dim light cast
from an upstairs area the far back wall
in front of me was aligned with glass
which was very reflective so I could see
myself in it I remembered the legend of
Candyman so I decided we should try it I
had gotten 2/3 candy mans when I noticed
that the glass seemed to show two large
red eyes staring at me I also saw my
reflection had changed to me running
away with a look of terror on my face I
got out of there as fast as I could
before I could even finish the two next
handyman's
I don't want to know what would have
happened next so that's something that a
lot of people have said they said that
when they say it to the mirror sometimes
the reflection is them or them running
away or them die it's almost like a
candy
gives you a glimpse of the future and it
is not good and I know a lot of you guys
are probably like oh this is so stupid
this is just the legend it's fake and
maybe it is but there actually was a
killer that was named the Candyman back
in the 70s here's what happened it was
Halloween night in 1974 and the guy's
name was Ronald O'Bryan he volunteered
to take his son and all of his friends
trick-or-treating one night but what he
did next was terrifying he laced all of
their Pixy Stix with cyanide
now the boy's friends went home and
didn't eat the Pixy sticks but his son
did he forced his own son Dee that pixie
stick right before bed and then the kids
started vomiting right away they rushed
him to the hospital and the kid died
right there on the scene so then of
course the cops came they're trying to
figure out what happened or who poisoned
the kid and then they realized that two
days before this happened Ronald O'Bryan
took out an insurance policy for forty
thousand dollars for his kid so if
anything were to happen to the kid he
would get some money after that Ronald
was sent to jail with the death sentence
and was executed so some people believe
that when you call Candyman into the
mirror five times you're not seeing the
slave you're actually seeing Ronald
O'Bryan the man who really did kill his
kids with candy now I personally have
never tried Candyman before I was always
too scared but I did have something very
bizarre happened to me when I was
younger we were trick-or-treating and me
and my mom were going around the
neighborhood and there was a sign and it
was a really creepy hammerin sign I was
just like hey kids come this way for
candy I was like okay it's following
that makes sense then as we were going
down the street there's more and more
signs and then there was a sign pointing
to a house with all the lights off like
the creepiest house there was no
decoration did not look like they were
actually celebrating anything and the
sign on the door said hey kids come on
inside now of course housing my mom so
she was like fuck no we're not gonna go
into this weirdos house but I do
remember my mom warning a lot of the
parents around
neighbourhood like hey that house don't
fuckin let your kids go in there well
years later I found out the guys living
in that house was a convicted child
molester so I pray to God nothing
happened I pray to God that nobody fell
for that creepy fucking sign but
honestly it just makes me so uneasy
thinking about it and the fact that
stuff like this happens every year
we're like creepy guys I've put razor
blades in candy and kill kids on
Halloween it's fucking terrifying
speaking of terrifying it is now that
time of the video we were going to try
this out ourselves so let's go to a
mirror all right guys here we are we are
at the mirror in the bathroom and I'm
actually really nervous I know nothing's
gonna happen I mean obviously but I
still get really freaked out by stuff
like this because I feel like it's
inviting spirits into my house and we
all know that they love my house so even
if we don't say anything I still feel
like maybe there's something there that
we can't see all right here we go okay
so we're going to say Candyman five
times
Candyman the Candyman the candy me the
candy
the kingdom
he's not here I don't feel any scary
vibes nothing inside the mirror there
was a movie about the Candyman
where the girl was looking at the mirror
and she said his name and then the
fucking mirror broke and the fucking
Candyman pulled through and took his
fucking claw and fucking took her head
off so honestly if I would have happened
to another in a really good video so I'm
sorry I didn't let's try it one more
time this time we're turning the lights
off okay so after the fifth Candyman I'm
going to turn the lights on and we're
going to see if he's there Candyman the
Candyman the Candyman the candy the
candy
okay he's not there
I got you again how do you keep falling
I mean it never stops
poor guys ago that was a legend of the
Candyman honestly one of the scariest
legends ever let me know what you think
down the comments have you ever had an
experience have you tried it yourself go
try it right now let me know what
happens
I'll see you this video thumbs up and
subscribe there's any new videos every
single day and I will see you little
Candyman tomorrow bye we're going to try
the healthy this up a little bit with
some hundred calorie snacks cuz you know
like I'm all about keeping things
healthy and portion control which is why
after this I'll be throwing a whole ice
cream cake portions
