this is happening help you guys
yesterday I'm going to be doing another
one of my videos where make a giant
fucking milkshake and just ruin my
insides today I'm going to be doing a
giant Oreo milkshake so I went to the
store and anything that had Oreo in the
title or cookies and cream or any of
that I put in my basket it was basically
like I was throwing a huge party for a
bunch of children um but now just me but
technically since some of you guys are
children maybe it's like I'm throwing a
party for you so if you're not invited
you're not here and it's just me and I'm
gonna be eating it honestly that's my
god Park alright let's get started
does my blender here and about to fill
her up so we need to start with the base
you know I'm all about that bass thanks
that base and by base I mean ice cream
and honestly started Meghan Trainor
that's what the song is about no is
actually a song about somebody asking
her if she wants to go to a vegan
restaurant little move back ok so here
is the ice cream it is Oreo blast I'm
really excited about this or no anything
is kind of my favorite I love the fact
that the cream in the middle of the Oreo
is just Crisco if you didn't know that
you're welcome you'll never look at it
the same all right here we go we're
going to be two healthy scoops healthy
no not only by healthy I mean huge
that's one way is what people used to
refer to me as when I was younger like
all Shane's you know he's just you know
he's healthy which is the same way they
refer to a huge fucking cow they're
about the slaughter oh that's a healthy
cow you're gonna want some of that
burger
next ingredient obviously we're just
gonna throw in a couple old-school Oreos
you don't mean that I'm trying to keep
this in old school drink and then you
know just to switch it up a notch I got
some red velvet Oreos which are my
favorite actually my favorite are the
rice krispies treat Oreos which they
don't make anymore and I'm very angry
about it start a petition enough
petitions trying to get rid of Donald
Trump and Sam pepper let's move on to
the real important issues like Oreo hi
I'm Shane I'm running for president
every Monday will be taking the day off
cuz it's a holiday it's Shane each crazy
truth day oh my god that would be
everything like you take the day off and
you just eat crazy treats and like you
stand in front of yellow wall and you
over hashtag awesome 2020 I mean in a
letter so now we're going to throw in
the Oreo pop-tart well it's not taking
Oreo is not technically a pop-tart is a
cookies and cream toaster tree just the
most generic everything ever me if I was
a Potter alright here we go first of all
it's just oh my god I don't care how
basic or how generic this is she still
gives me life let's go in there oh it's
all looking good
Harsha cookies in green bar these are my
favorite cane of our knees hired world
I know that's like kind of a weird
choice I know everybody assumes I love
Reese's the most and I do like rhesus is
my wife but like her she cookies a cream
like that's my side bitch like that's
the one I don't really tell people about
that's the one girl I don't take out to
the movies I definitely go take out to
dinner like I don't want to be seen in
public with her but like when the doors
are closed and the wife ain't home she
gives it to me
alright let's crack her open now these
I've never tried before these are
Klondike Oreo bars I really don't know
what that means but I know their catch
line is what would you do for a Klondike
bar and honestly anything
I'm very easy I'll do anything for food
if somebody gave me a loaded gun it said
hey you have to kill that stranger and
you'll get a Crunchwrap supreme that
strangers fucking dead through the
blender alright so next I'm going to
throw in this Oreo cupcake because I
want going to be like a cake consistency
to everything I need like when I wake up
the morning I'm like you know what X
probably have some scrambled egg whites
maybe some turkey bacon maybe some
oatmeal maybe it's okay I just want to
incorporate into everything I do like
all I should probably wash my hair with
cake just I want it all over all the
time so we're gonna throw this in oh
look at her oh my gosh hi welcome to sex
ed that's not what a pussy looks like
but if it was I would only want that
bisexual would not be a thing it would
be all about that Oreo bosom alright
let's squeeze her in there oh wow this
is going to be a very thick shake just
go on these are Oreo filled cookies I
don't think I've ever tried use I open
hope I really understand what that means
there's like a chocolate chip cookie
filled or no I mean like what but also
like okay let's see oh my god okay
I'll never judge you again oh fuck oh my
god oh my god this is did this this is
shockingly good oh my god fuck no we're
going to lock these Oh
my god there's so much more to do we
don't have any room okay okay we got
this guy's believe it me cuz I don't
believe myself we're gonna try the
healthy this up a little bit with some
hundred calorie snacks cuz you know like
I'm all about keeping things healthy of
course you controlled which is why after
this I'm being thrown into a whole ice
cream cake portions okay tourism has a
caller tax which by the way I used to
work at Jenny Craig and everybody would
come in and be like I don't know why I
gained ten pounds like what what'd you
eat
I don't know and I have 200 calorie
packs okay kind o my quarry Oh ones oh
that's fun how many I don't know I have
like one box the other day what you had
a box bitch it ain't held your calories
anymore it's 1,200 calories but these
are so fucking little and shitty that
you have to have a box to feel satisfied
I don't know why I'm so passionate about
this but I am that's another thing I'm
gonna do when I run for president no
more hundred calorie snacks if you in my
country you have you know whole ice
cream cake I want everybody to die okay
how do we even start with this ice cream
cake I just like slice it up oh my god
oh look at this guy's this is legit oh
my god oh my god oh my god okay so let's
slice her a half oh my God look at her
ready okay yeah yeah oh oh my god huh
okay I just put some of that in the
blender
okay this blender is not gonna close but
it's worth it okay so now I'm gonna put
some chocolate frosting and also some
vanilla frosting because Oreos are
cookies and great and honestly I just
wanted CrossFit I love this okay let's
take a Scooby scoop uh-oh
have another time I know you guys are
wondering Shane what do you do with all
this food after the video is done eat it
oh okay
now it's time for the liquid so I
decided to use chocolate milk for no
other reason then you know I just want
to feel my order is close we got to
shake it up first don't forget to shake
this up you want to make sure you get
all that chocolate to all sides of the
car oh my god it reminds me like when
you
donut shop on a Sunday and you see like
all those old man seeing out front and
they're like my wife died and I'm like
oh that's sweet can I get you donut and
then after you have those donuts they
give you that chocolate milk in that
bottle and oh my god you just take
little little swig you just savor it you
don't want it to ever stop you're that
old man outside crying about it why
still and you're like if you shut up
please he's ruining the mood oh my god
that's what this is so let's just pour
this in there yeah oh all right it's
time to try to blend this thing it's not
going to work but we're gonna try it
here we go we got ready I'm not one two
three okay it's a little stuck that's
okay got to shake her up okay I think
it's done
all right times you look for into my cup
and watch the magic that we have made oh
my god
oh shit no wait for back for back I'm
not ready
I forgot I wanted it really inside like
a witch booklet god I'm such a fucking
failure fuck oh you guys didn't see that
right okay good okay I have chocolate
syrup here but thought it'd be fun if I
just kind of like drizzle being slide
kind of like made it look like a
Frappuccino here we go
drizzle drizzle oh I'm too good at this
now we were just going to or you know
what I got an idea so I'm going to pour
half and then to kick that shit up a
notch
I'm gonna put an Oreo just chilling in
the middle so when you hit that middle
section you're like oh no my shakes
almost gone what I'm gonna do with my
life I'm so depressed
don't worry about it again Oreo I'd be
right there as oh my god okay okay now
it's time do you think about toppings
now I've decided to go with mini Oreos
because I feel like that's a really cute
look it makes you feel better about
eating it it's like oh I'm not eating
anything too crazy this is a small
little Oreos makes you forget that
there's a whole cake in your shape
that's psychology for you once again I'm
a great therapist okay so now we are
just going to put some whipped cream
on it ready for this uh-huh and then
throw some little baby Oreos on top oh
oh maybe a little more chocolate syrup
is like why not ha ha and then last but
not least this straw
let's do this look at it oh my god that
might be the prettiest one I've ever
made
hands down that's exactly what my mom
didn't say what she had me ready here we
go oh my god oh my god I'm so excited
I'm so proud of myself I'm gonna cry oh
my god oh my god guys I know every time
I know every time I say this is the best
thing I've ever had this is the best
thing I've ever made I'm so proud of
myself right now I don't want to die I
want to live forever but today I mean it
no this is so fucking good make this
make if you're having a slumber party
with your girls make this if you're
having a party with your boys make this
if you're having a funeral honestly make
this this will make you forget about
everybody that died this might be like
oh I'm so sorry for your loss but I'm
gonna be over you're trying to get
yourself away oh it's so good
ah genuine excitement well you guys go
that was me making this ridiculous Oreo
shake you want to try it I don't know
make it tag me and show me your pictures
on Instagram I'll take in this video
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and leave me
a comment let me know what kind of
milkshake I should make next I was
thinking about doing a pop-tart
milkshake just all pop-tarts I don't
know that's how good let me know alright
you guys I'll see you little Oreo treats
tomorrow bye it's fucking awesome
whoa that ask oh yeah that's really
satisfying
