hey zippy guys you're really quick
before this video starts I wanna let you
know that there is a brand new video on
the psychic twins channel where they go
to Gabi shows house and they see if
there's any ghosts they also predict her
future so if you want to see that I'll
put the link right down there and make
sure to subscribe to their channel and
enjoy the rest of my video hey if you
guys yes today I'm going to be making
galaxy slime because a lot of you guys
want me to make this and I've made slime
before I make it a lot and I mean I make
it every day and it's edible you know
it's not good but it's edible
but today I'm not gonna be making that
kind of slime because that would be a
whole different thing oh my god
sorry it's had an idea two galaxies my
balls let me write them oh my god my
balls are the galaxies in my ass at the
black hole this is all working clutter
forever you better not steal that idea
okay let's get started so I have all
this stuff I need I think for some slime
I don't have that borax shit because
it's impossible to find so I'm going to
be using a laundry detergent because I
guess that puppy works doesn't work on
my clothes cuz I still smell like a
fucking trash can but it's okay cuz
honestly that's just me like if I had my
own perfume you know I mean like if I
had like my own fragrance it would be
called trash and it would smell like
trash so pick it up now it's sold in
every trash can near you and it's free
okay I also don't have bowls because I'm
trash can so I have a fucking pan that
has never been used because trash
doesn't cook no trash just waits for
somebody to throw something in basically
me at Chipotle just like Oh would you
like guacamole yes I would throw it in
my mouth they love me there okay so
first we are going to look at what we
have I have a lot of glitter I have a
lot of different colors of everything I
need from my galaxy and I have a lot of
glue I got the see-through glue which by
the way there's like a little cow on it
and that scares me because I feel like
this glue cows like is that what this is
freely is that what this is should I be
worried should I not use this you're
vegan glue I know that we made from
honestly freely could just sell her spit
no I mean I'm like that could be glue
like bitch is sticky all right so let's
pour the glue into our pan and me my
black hole and it's letting out a plane
oh oh that's attractive so now that our
glue is in there we're going to mix our
laundry detergent we grab a spoon now I
guess we just pour this in here like
little by little so here we go
a little bit oh it's orange okay well I
wasn't expecting that
so I guys are gonna have a very colorful
galaxy all right so I am mixing it
together and oh my god it's like really
fucking working well first of all why do
kids one thing cuz honestly kids you can
just wait till you're an adult and
you'll be pulling this out of your ass
you'll be like did I shit yesterday cuz
I'm having blockage hold on honey skip
there with a finger and oh yeah I'm
never eating there again getting old
sucks okay so I'm mixing it together and
oh my god guys this honestly it works so
easy
I'm so fucking excited like I thought
this was gonna be a bad fail video you
know me not like a fun fail video not
like that video that locater gets hit by
that door and get his ass knocked down
cuz that's a good one oh no I can't wait
to be a parent I'm going to hurt my kids
okay so now it is time to add the
glitter oh but before you do that you
have to break your fork because you're a
fucking Beast
okay so first let's have some silver
glitter like I feel like that it's gonna
make it just really shiny also I don't
know at the point of these tiny little
glitter packets are like what is like a
one-time use like what do you have that
you only need this much blur like the
type of people that buy glitter use a
lot of glitter I've never seen a
glittery ass girl we're just like a
tasteful of an eclair things just like
she got hit in the face of the can in a
glitter I mean every time I see Katy
Perry on a red carpet because she got
hit in the face with a bat bomb which
honestly is so much cleaner and safe let
me get hit in the face with John Mayer
what that's a glitter lose that okay
this is looking cool oh wow I am ruining
my pic this is never going to be used
ever again but love look at that that
look like my balls oh my god my galaxy
balls it's all happening okay so that's
over now we're going to add
Perle okay just add some purple in there
how's that looking honestly guys this is
kind of going good like I'm scared like
what's gonna happen honestly that's
exactly how I feel at Denny's when I'm
like oh this food isn't that bad like
there's no finger in my salad there's no
hair in my burger the waitress didn't
leave me a suicide note like something
Bad's gonna happen soon right this is a
wreck okay now just time to add some
pink variety we're mixing that together
I mean it's starting to turn into
something else and I'm not going to see
what that something else is but mmm this
is room I'm not gonna say but you know
if you've got the puberty yet and you
like forgot the Kleenex and you're like
what am I gonna do with this new just
rub your hands together you know what
I'm saying
all right let's add the blue maybe
that'll fix it all right hmm yep
yeah not fixing it right I might just
have to use my hands I don't want to use
my hands but I might have to get it ooh
actually know what this is actually kind
of looking good it took a minute oh my
god wait guys I'm doing the fucking DIY
girl twist you know what I'm sorry I you
see them do that and I'm doing it right
oh my god wait oh my god
I'm excited hold up we're adding work
later we're doing this I'm fucking
invested okay we're gonna add more glue
and more couple also opening up these
little glitter bags with my teeth what's
the worst idea I've ever had and I'm
never gonna be able to get it off my
face okay here we go
mixing it together more oh my god guys
are you ready for the reveal because I'm
fucking ready here is my DIY galaxy
slime look it actually looks really good
look at that that's fucking awesome fuck
my voice just got very high I'm very
excited I was not expecting it to look
this cool and it feels really good this
feels better than the borax one this
like actually feels more like slimy
oh my god oh my god I'm excited and it's
not really leaving any residue on my
fingers honestly guys you should try
this one at home laundry detergent and
glue I'm like that's it and it's fucking
awesome whoa that ask oh yeah that's
really satisfying oh my god but there
does go I'm so excited I fucking did
something right for once for once let me
know down in the comments what else you
want me to make and maybe I'll fucking
do it right probably not this is
definitely a one time thing
also be sure to give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because I do this every
school day and I will see you little
Slimers tomorrow I am never gonna stop
playing I love it so much it's my new
best friend my new best friend who will
never hurt me unless I accidentally eat
it and I actually died because
everything in this is very toxic alright
I guess so basically you know when
they're trying to tear down a building
they put bombs in each layer of the
building that way it kind of falls down
straight down like that because it were
to fall down like that or like that I
could literally crush a bunch of other
buildings so when the World Trade
Centers fell people started noticing hey
that looks just like a demolition
