hey what's up you guys yes today we are
going to be talking about conspiracy
theories so today is a little bit
different I'm going to be talking about
something that is very very sensitive
and touchy and could offend a lot of
people but once again I am NOT saying
that any of this is true I am just
talking about what the conspiracy
theories are so without further ado
today we're going to be talking about
9/11 conspiracy theories now I can't say
enough how awful that entire event was
and how awful it is how many people were
killed but it is very fascinating
because there is a lot of loose ends and
a lot of things that don't really make
sense about the 9/11 attack so today
we're just going to be scraping the
surface and I'm going to tell you kind
of the most popular conspiracies now the
overall conspiracy is that the
government and George Bush knew about
9/11 and might have orchestrated it
because they wanted to you know go to
war with Afghanistan and Iraq and have a
reason they were going to do it and
blame the whole thing on them so here
are some theories that kind of add to
that so the first theory is that the
world trade center did not actually
collapse because the trains hit but
instead it collapsed kind of like a
controlled demolition so basically you
know when they're trying to tear down a
building they put bombs in each layer of
the building that way it kind of falls
down straight down like that because it
were to fall down like that or like that
they could literally crush a bunch of
other buildings so when the World Trade
Centers fell people started noticing hey
that looks just like a demolition the
way they fell the explosions coming out
of the sides some witnesses said they
even heard explosions before the plane
even hit so here's a video that a lot of
conspiracy theorists believe is proof
that it was a demolition and you can
actually see the bomb explosions on the
side of the building check it out
I don't to me it definitely looks like
explosions doesn't really make sense but
once again just conspiracy now a lot of
scientists too came out and said there's
no way at a plane flying into a building
could cause the building the whole thing
to fall down that just does not happen
scientists also said that the actual
planes the commercial airline planes are
made out of very light aluminum because
you know they have to fly through the
air so there's no way they could have
caused that much damage to those
buildings now clean also flew into the
Pentagon as well and that is even more
confusing first of all the hole that was
left after the plane flew into Pentagon
was much smaller than an actual
commercial plane a plane is a hundred
and twenty-five feet long the hole that
was in the Pentagon was sixteen feet
long that just doesn't make any sense a
lot of people are saying that was
actually missile that fluid to the
Pentagon and that it was made to look
like a plane also the plane would have
been shot down if it was really coming
anywhere near the Pentagon they would
have shot it down so why did it get
there speaking of planes getting shot
down the next conspiracy is so unnerving
and literally keeps me up at night
thinking about it and I hope it doesn't
give you above it now this is the theory
that flight 93 might not have actually
been what we thought it was so if you
guys don't remember flight 93 basically
was a plain old hijacked by terrorists
and it was going to you know crash and
kill a bunch of people that was the plan
just like World Trade Center but some of
the passengers got up and kind of fought
back and then you know eventually
accidentally crashed landed into the
ground they even made a whole movie
about it few years back but there's two
theories one is that the plane actually
didn't have everybody on board like
overtaking a terrorist that it actually
got shot down so one reason people
thought I got shot down was because the
actual crash site had a very little
debris like there was no evidence that a
plane actually hit there was just a big
crater here's a clip that was on the
news of
news anchor who was on the scene she was
talking about how she didn't even see
any debris in this crash site that's
really all you see it's a large crater
in the ground and just tiny tiny bits of
debris there's been at least one report
that the investigators out there and
there are hundreds of them as I said
tonight have found nothing larger than a
phone book see that's kind of scary then
they found some debris 10 miles away
from the actual crash site which makes
you think well if it did get shot down
it would have started exploding in the
air and debris would have been spread
out by 10 miles
some witnesses even say they saw a small
military plane fly by right after the
crash which makes you think was it there
because it had just shot down that plane
no no now the second theory about 593 is
very scary this is the one that keeps me
up at night okay basically the theory is
that the plane actually landed safely
and that all of the people inside were
taken off of the plane and were executed
and they're saying that it wasn't
actually a plane that crashed into the
ground it was just a missile and it was
just to make us think that a plane
crashed into the ground and to make us
think that all those people died from
terrorists so what conspiracy theorists
think is that the government took this
plane that's filled with people and kind
of flew them to another location just
took them away now the reason this
theory kind of makes sense is because a
lot of phone calls were made from
passengers on the plane to their family
back home but scientists have done
studies and they said there's no way
cell phones could ever work in the sky
that's not possible especially back in
2001 another thing that's really creepy
is that the phone calls that were made
or very weird phone calls the passengers
were calling their family and saying
their full name this is a quote from one
of the calls a man called his mom to
tell him what's going on in the plane
and he started with mom this is Mark
Bingham
he said his full name have you ever
called her mom and told her your full
name no that just doesn't sound right
and that was a lot of the calls a lot of
people were calling home using their
full name I don't sounds creepy
a lot of the family members have
actually come out and said I don't know
what was going on but that was not my
child
that was somebody else so it makes you
wonder are all those people that were on
flight 93 actually dead maybe they're
not even dead maybe they are living in
seclusion somewhere now the last theory
we're going to talk about today is
something we talked about previously
which is crisis actors now crisis actors
once again are people who pretend to be
victims or pretend that they were there
during some crazy event and they go on
the news and they talk about it then
reality if they're actors and they kind
of just go from event to events and put
on a wig and different glasses and
pretend to be different people so here's
some footage of a man who was
interviewed on 9/11 about what went down
check it out
dream right into the side of the Twin
Tower exploding through the other side
and then I witnessed both towers
collapse
now here's another man years later with
a different name talking about the
shooting at LAX they looked at my
backpack they they frisked me a couple
times I don't have my ID so I couldn't
my ticket or anything but I just told
them I mean I guess they saw that I did
have any weapons or didn't have any
evidence of that the same guy listen to
the voices back to back and then I
witnessed both towers collapsed so I
couldn't my ticket or anything see
that's a hundred percent the same man so
that's another presses actor and he just
got gone so it makes you think why are
there crisis actors why are they
pretending to be a different events how
much control does the government have
over the news and all these events I
don't know makes me really scared so
those are just a few of the 9/11
conspiracies there are hundreds more and
they're all very very fascinating if you
want to check out more information
there's a really cool documentary called
loose change on YouTube you just search
it and there's a lot of really great
stuff on YouTube about it but I will
warn you it will make you lose sleep and
it will make you think about everything
and what is real and what is the
government really doing hopefully you
enjoyed this video and if you want more
conspiracy theories that are kind of
like this and more dark and kind of
fucked up let me know down in the
comments or if you want me to go back to
like more celebrity stuff I'll do that
too but I really just find this shit
really fascinating so I hope you do too
aren't you guys I'm going to go make
sure to give this video a thumb up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day
see you conspiracy theorists tomorrow if
you like strawberry you're gonna love
this
I don't it's just not right it's a lot
of strawberries it's a lot of strawberry
flavored ice cream
I think there's cake in here but like
that doesn't fix things that's like
having treats at a Funeral like home
that's so sweet that you brought cake
pots to a funeral book grandma day
that's how I feel about this
