hey let's be guys oh my god I'm so
excited today I'm so excited I'm
clapping I'm literally a cheerleader
about to do the biggest cheer of my life
Kirsten Dunst was like bring it on and I
was like girl it already babe okay
because today we are how to try so much
cold stuff just the biggest bag of cold
stones you've ever seen in your life now
no this is not sponsored although I wish
it was this is just me you know let me
get all my fantasies in front of you
guys which by the way I always wanted to
be bring it on
I didn't want to be Jura sometimes I
wanted to be the lesbian girl but like
all the chains and like the dark makeup
instead of being like the aggressive
peepee aggressive hoping more like
antidepressants anyone had them can I
please get some I really need them I
love sports anyways time yes today we're
gonna be dropping so much cold stones
I'm so excited
the last time I went to cold stones is
maybe like five years ago and every time
I go there I only get a couple little
samples and then I leave because I think
she's scared taking the actual bowl of
it because it is literally like 10,000
calories per Bowl and the way the sizes
work isn't like small medium large it's
like like it love it gotta get it oh my
god I can't leave the couch I need the
crane of life to get me out of my bed
can somebody knock a wall down to get my
fat ass out this house it's just me but
I'm so excited okay we're going to start
with my all-time favorite this is the
birthday cake remix
oh look at these cute little big spoons
they gave us yeah no that's not gonna
work I'm gonna eat some metal bitch okay
let's take off this little safety
harness oh my god oh my god it's so
excited oh it's not even my birthday
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake is
not even my birthday it's not my
birthday
I don't even know when my birthday is
not really celebrate it anyways let's do
good okay oh my god you'll see that oh
my god okay I'm a little brownie little
sprinkle oh little cake hmm oh my god oh
my god oh my god
God is my birthday and I
give fan this is actually an actual
birthday this is life this is the day of
somebody's birth somebody just birth
this and then it popped out of a pussy I
thought it was a beautiful pussy it was
like a like a pussy made out of birthday
cake and then they slap that baby they
woke it up and they said hey it's time
for somebody to eat you none of that
made sense but for some reason it made
perfect sense to me
the ice cream is birthday cake flavored
obviously but then they throw in some
fucking cake chunks and they throw out
some fucking sprinkles and I think
there's some frosting in there I'm not
sure what size this is I think it's love
it but I would like to change it to
marry me marry me and never leave me but
if you do leave me I'm a body bitch
bigger than you oh my god the only thing
that could make this even better is if
like they put a candle in it and then
right before you take a bite blow out a
wish
speaking of which none of my birthday
wishes have ever came true I'm not a
billionaire I don't have a pony I'm not
best friends with Kimmy Gibbler and
occasionally I do still pee the bed so
fuck wishes alright next ice cream oh my
god I've always wanted to try this one
this one is called that's hella bro
it's like a cinnamon roll mixed with
like huh cake mixed with like ooh
cinnamon ice cream oh my god oh my god
look at that look at her look at what
she's bringing to the table like it's
Thanksgiving Day you know I mean and
like everybody's like tan this feast is
amazing and then some bitch walks in for
the kitchen and she's like oh did
somebody ask for sweet potato yams with
marshmallows on top with crumbled up
coconut that's been drew broad like
bitch is bringing extra to the table and
I'm ready for a lot of sugar and so get
ready James gonna get it crazy alright
here we go oh my god oh my god is that
cornbread Oh
Coldstone you gonna fuck me up mmm oh my
god my god
that might be and I have tried a lot of
food on this channel tried a lot of food
in my lifetime that might be the best
thing I had
ever put in my mouth oh my god
it tastes like okay me and I family had
this routine on Christmas for every
Christmas my momma wake up she'd scream
she'd be like why is this my life and
I'd be like merry Christmas to you too
then we run down the stairs look for
presents they would really baby then my
dad would be like shadows not real and
then my mom would be like your present
is that we're still alive and I'd be
like can I return that why can I return
that for her be dead my mom would make
some cinnamon rolls she would really
make them they'd be frozen she just put
them microwave technically she should
have put them in the oven but she put
the microwave establish honestly
probably gave us all Salmonella which
probably explains why I got diarrhea
every Christmas that makes what the fear
I get every night mixed with the fact
that I did pee the bed which is probably
some kind of emotional instability
inside of my body but I digress
she would pour that icing on top of
those Salmonella covered cinnamon rolls
and oh my god it would make me forget
that God forgot about us
haha I'm doing know Christmas was great
when I was a kid and this does taste
like those cinnamon rolls oh mama
if you're watching this I'm gonna come
to your house and I'm gonna fill you
with this day I didn't think that there
before I said up next ice cream okay
this one I'm not excited about because
it is called the strawberry blonde and I
hate strawberries in any kind of dessert
situation it's kind of like in your kid
your friend like a big birthday party
but then like someone invited his aunt
and then like she brought her two
friends and then they brought like our
PTA mom friends and then the PTA mom
friends was like oh I have a daughter to
jail of snaggletooth and she has a
problem where she punches people in the
tits if it's cold outside but like she
can play look at the party just has like
too much going on that's how I feel
about strawberries in my dessert
strawberries in my dessert is like just
the kid that needs to go home but I'm
gonna give it a try because it's food
all right here we go
Oh God you know the strawberries are
like frozen listen to that like knock
knock who's home somebody's aunt and she
needs to leave let's try this yeah oh oh
oh
nobody wants you here put on a bra why
do is no wear bras I know your nipples
are lopsided bitch I don't need proof oh
my god this is I hate this if you like
strawberry
love this I don't it's just not right
it's a lot of strawberries it's a lot of
strawberry flavored ice cream
I think there's cake in here but like
that doesn't fix things that's like have
it treats at a funeral like oh that's so
sweet that you brought cake pops to a
funeral but grandma day that's how I
feel about this nice okay this one is
called the founders favorite which means
it's like their signature one I'm
excited because like I love a good
signature pose like a signature dish
like on top model Tyra have her
signature face it was and she kills it
with that so I'm hoping that this give
me Tyra face here we go
you know what this is not giving me what
B or Tyra this is giving me OMA this is
everything literally they put everything
in this huh I feel like they called it
founders because like it reminds me of
like finding America you know I mean
like it's like all the different people
coming together and then killing the
Indians so like there's that guilt
factor like you're tasting you're like
damn this seems like freedom but also
like somebody done right like that's how
I feel about this like it tastes really
good but I'm gonna get fabric this is so
good it's just like okay there's like a
cinnamon flavor I'm think this is
cinnamon ice cream dozen guys I'm nuts
up in here they got some brownies up in
here they definitely four Reese's peanut
butter cups up in here this work some
caramel in there this is America home of
the free land of the brave I'm not gonna
lie comics like Hillary Clinton you know
I meet like Messi oh that's good where
we left
how are you top that oh my god I know
how we're going to top that because this
net situation is not ice cream it's not
a cupcake it's an ice cream cupcake I
don't know who invented this Bible for
them for president like I feel like
whoever came up with this idea can fix
our country poverty debt racism sexism
homophobia have a cookie you'll forget
about all oh I'm gonna have this pink
one first okay I don't know how this
works
oh that's definitely icing but like this
is like a hard shell which I'm assuming
is like chocolate show I know what's
inside okay let's take a little patch oh
oh my god oh my god hold on you don't
need to look at the layers
oh my god the bottom is a red velvet
cake then you got some ice cream and
then you got that frosting then you got
those sprinkles then on the outside you
got a hard shell
Oh oh my god like this is amazing what
is this one this is probably cookies and
cream don't fuck me up
now you go pump me up pump run different
oh my god oh my god Oh what is this one
this one looks special this one looks
like some kind of a horchata situation I
feel like I'm getting something have a
Spanish flavor let's see oh fucking
right
oh my god that has a cinnamon roll on
the bottom some cinnamon ice cream some
caramel drizzle inside oh my god oh this
is my birthday my birthday's not till
July but like honestly I'm just go
celebrating now along may know obviously
this is gonna be kind of the same
situation on my actual birthday there's
like me a lot of food and a camera and I
wouldn't have it any other way
well finish it thinking of my birthday
guys I'm freaking out my book it gets
worse which I talked about a couple
weeks ago you guys got this to number
five on Amazon on the first day of its
pre-order an to number two on Barnes and
Nobles website this is fucking crazy the
book doesn't come out till my birthday
July 19th but you guys have already got
it on the charts and I'm so excited I
literally cried like a little bitch when
I saw that you guys were supporting the
book so thank you so fucking much for
doing that it means literally the world
to me and I'm so excited to keep
pre-ordering it if you haven't gotten it
yet go to it gets worst book calm I'll
put the links all down there to
pre-order the book the more people that
pre-order the more states I'll be able
to go to on the tour and everybody at
the book company and everybody in the
stores are excited because I see you
guys want the book which means I'll be
able to go to more places so it's going
great and I'm so fucking excited and to
celebrate I'm going to eat all this ice
cream Alone's always enjoy today's video
kids we have those of us astronomers a
physical day and I will see you little
cold stone treaties tomorrow so you were
probably like 22 back then you're going
to a Mario Party shouldn't be getting
like drunk and high at 22 I wouldn't
know I've never been do it part I should
probably really like a Mario Party oh my
god what if I had a spongebob party and
then they had a contest to see who could
do the best punch Bob Noyce because I'm
Wayne you know just give me the goodie
bag right away
