I know what you're thinking Shane why is
your skull wearing a queen crown and the
answer is I'm crazy and also this is not
gonna be a security video so I'm just
having some fun into the scary table but
this definitely is going to be a little
scary because I think it's illegal and I
might get arrested that's right today
I'm going to be attempting to buy views
and likes now over the last 10 years of
being on YouTube I have heard so many
rumors oh this person is only popular
because they bought views in the
beginning when that person has a bunch
of fake Instagram followers I've even
had people come to me thinking that I
was buying views like thank you for
thinking I'm smart enough to know how to
do that but I'm not I still don't know
if it's real because how does that even
work like is it real views is it people
is it babies like do they just put like
a bunch of phones in a bunch of babies
hands in the nursery or like in the
hospital like right after they're born
and they're just because if that's the
case then I love it I love babies and I
love retweets so today I'm going to be
going down the rabbit hole of the
Internet and trying to see if it
actually works right so before I started
filming I did find this video by a girl
named Hannah doorman she said-she about
100,000 views on a YouTube video it
worked
I bought 100,000 views on a video of
mine just to see what happened it worked
I've got 100 thousand years in fact I've
actually got 103 thousand views on it
but the one thing she said about it was
that all of the views came from not
America like most YouTube views come
from America the UK but when you buy
them that's not the case 21 percent came
from Brazil 14 percent came from
Thailand no views from the UK no views
from America I'll link the full video
down there I was really
interesting go check it out but she did
not explain how is she bought YouTube
views like she didn't give away the
website so now I have to figure that out
and I know you're thinking Shane aren't
you gonna get in trouble for buying
views on your channel like isn't that
technically illegal and what I would say
is yes that's why I'm buying them for my
mom's jail now if you are not where my
mom is an influencer my mom literally
gets more Twitter interaction than I do
let me give you a peek oh my god first
of all my mom has over 50,000 followers
why does she always say it's so hard to
find a man girl check your dance all
right let's see what kind of content
she's posting okay dog in a pool oh
that's right my mom got into a Twitter
beef with one of the Real Housewives she
said
hey Lisa Rinna damn she added the bitch
you may have been rude to me just now in
Ventura Boulevard but guess what bitch
I've got Shane Dawson's mom so I got
over it quickly 9000 lights I love when
my mom turns into a drama account and
let's see what else
selfie with dog Oh God picture her and
me back when I used to look like Garrett
more dogs dogs a cat dogs dogs dogs dogs
dogs so clearly she doesn't need me to
help her with Twitter but she doesn't
need a little help with her YouTube
channel now my mom's YouTube channel is
called mama Dawson and it has 7000
subscribers now that's okay they're all
portrait what's this one thinking of you
bubas side no my mom has a name for her
fans get on her level
invented carpool karaoke invented
carpool karaoke where she's not singing
along
she's carpool listening
same relay
that's a laugh I think that's a
Christian bow but we love a good father
son in the holy bow okay so this video
has 6,000 views so my plan is to buy a
hundred thousand more wait call them
before we move on I just want everybody
should know that my mom has Sam videos
can I pay to delete that video okay so
now let's figure out how to buy it and
that video of you okay the first website
that popped up is called a build my
views org
okay looks not legit looks like
something I would have made when I was
12 online journal $90 for five thousand
views that's it a hundred thousand views
a hundred and forty nine dollars that's
it for a hundred this can't be real
what is this I buy quality YouTube views
today but where do they come from
Oh frequently asked questions are these
views real every comment on my video why
are people watching this yes space
exclamation point these are real people
who have taken the time to view your
link over a period of time we have grown
a vast amount of a fillip as babies this
is babies it's literally a baby farm can
I slow the process down what does that
mean can I get less views okay should I
do it
ha what if this isn't real like what if
they're gonna hack me
okay whatever let's do it fuck it I'm
gonna buy my mom a hundred thousand
views
I want James Corden to be Scheck all
right I'm not gonna show this part cuz
uh you know I think it's illegal so I
might have just bought views online
all right so we'll look at that a little
later let's move on to Instagram
okay so I was trying to figure out a
person I could buy Instagram likes for
that wouldn't life get ahead of me and I
thought about Rylan sister like she
likes me a lot she wants Instagram
followers I feel like she won't be mad
let's look at her account all right so
here's her page four name is Morgan ooh
you know but her page is better than
mine
how many followers does she have just
5,000 listen not bad
look at her life but curse Damon on the
building if I post a picture of me
standing on top of the building that's
gonna be the last picture I post alright
so if I want to buy likes on one of her
pictures what would it be oh wait up
hold on
see I am going to buy lights on a beat
picture because I think it's funny and I
also think she'll get a little scared
like imagine like waking up and having
10,000 likes on your foot picture that
just makes me smile okay the most
popular one is called insta boost gram
this will look slightly less scary no
it's scary
there's literally pictures of babies I'm
so confused you can buy a hundred
thousand followers out of stock dude all
the babies died okay I really want to
buy her followers but I feel like that's
taking it too far so I won't do that
let's go to likes 10,000 likes but I
love that there's a disco only quality
likes what does that mean no need to
like others me okay alright let's do
this Add to Cart
Instagram name okay I'm gonna fill all
this out and not show you because it
might be illegal but we might have just
purchased ten thousand likes on a
picture
my boyfriend's sister's feed hi welcome
to YouTube that comes lashade nice to
meet you okay I do want to try buying
followers for some Instagram account so
I did see an account the other day and
it's real and it's just called it
Shane's green shirt
six followers no pictures and I have no
idea who runs it so let's blow up their
phone notifications
alright I'm gonna use the same website
I'm going to buy 50,000 followers I mean
I'm not going to because it's illegal
we'll see how it goes ok Twitter so I
want to buy retweets and I thought of a
perfect person so one of my favorite
fans ever she's been with me since the
beginning pretty much is a girl named
semi Terra now she is so sweet I
literally like flew her out here to be
on my podcast I just love it alright so
let's look at her Twitter oh my favorite
youtuber director author and podcaster
is at Shane Dawson you forgot my role
model but that's fine alright let's go
through her tweets I love her pin tweet
bitch socials I love this use a
Pinterest wheel of a queen of all social
medias alright let's see what her actual
tweets are so far I'm just seeing a lot
of retweets I'm having trouble finding
an actual tweet Oh oh my god don't be a
fake-ass bitch that's a favorite okay I
think what I'm gonna do is I'm just
going to buy ten thousand retweets on
her pin to tweet because when people go
to her page I want them to be like bitch
got a lot of retweets should I tell her
though yes I'm gonna tell her I'm doing
this because I don't walk like her phone
to blow up and then her being like
what's happening so I'm gonna send her a
direct message and be like hey I'm
buying you ten thousand retweets don't
ask okay well that's fine a website okay
I click on the top one with growth twig
growth ya know this looks sketchy as
fuck Wow $49 for 10,000 followers but
from where I'm still so confused how it
works okay here we go
using our groundbreaking proven tactics
just got this up building in another
country full of babies clicking on their
phones we know what you're doing these
inactive followers have full profiles
and our backs wait what
inactive are these dead people you might
literally buying dead followers like our
unist I'm going to put that on our
drivers licenses now like organ donor
think follower how fast is it deliver
ten minutes
siming only shook all right let's buy
her too
retweets I guess oh my god I mean I
don't know did I do it or did I not do
it if I go to jail for this I'm ready I
need a break
okay so to review I bought my mom
100,000 YouTube views I bought Ryland
sister 10,000 likes on her feet
I bought Shane's green shirt 50,000
followers on Instagram and I bought City
Tara my superfan ten thousand retweets
on her socials and I guess I will check
all of this later today and see what's
happened see you in prison okay so it is
like three hours later and I am about to
check and see what's going on alright
let's start with my mom's video so last
time we checked my mom's video is at
6,000 views let's see what it's at now
oh my god
20,000 views who are these people
I love the idea of like some people in
another country being forced to watch a
video of my mom on portrait mode apart
listening to Christian music in the car
that's a money well-spent right let's
see what's going on with Rylands
sister's foot picture what is my life so
before it I think I had like 300 likes
oh my god oh my god 2600 lights way let
me refresh oh my god oh my god oh wait
what's going on why is this happening so
fast 34 42 people oh my god oh my god
wait is she gonna get notifications to
her phone I didn't think about that oh
my god and she's probably like at work
oh my god oh no oh my god Rylan just
texted me what's happening huh what do
you mean my sister literally just texted
me saying what is happening and she sent
me her photo with literally nine
thousand likes
okay wait caller
hi we'll make sure to take a picture of
your feet today that's what your
audience loves so how do you feel about
your new life as an Instagram star do
you want followers I can buy you fifty
thousand wait really
okay now I'm going to buy her fifty
thousand followers
I'll do that in a second but first I
want to look at the actual followers and
see like what they are interesting okay
I mean these look kind of real alright
let's click on one Danna she was a nice
feed so is she fake is she real this is
a real person is she dead oh my god this
is getting really sad Oh change green
shirt okay let's see if that went up and
followers before it had six oh my god
300 303 it 307 it's going up it's going
up slow though it's been a few hours
alright let's look at these followers
are they the same that's a baby that's
an actual child this looks real Victor
this looks real is this real is he dead
what happened to him she looks you know
that looks like low Michaela with boobs
you look good though robot Sims are
killing it 355 okay alright I literally
cannot believe this is working I thought
these were gonna be scams I mean they
are kind of they're currently probably
draining my bank account there's
currently somebody in another country
like I got Shane Dalton's car oh let's
look at cemeteries Twitter her retweet
before had 13 retweets now it has oh my
god this is so funny
okay I'm gonna DM her and see if she's
okay I'm gonna tell her to film her
reaction I'm gonna need that wait let's
look at it again
what's about now it went to 20,000 I
think they only bought 10 when they give
me more dead people that I paid for okay
I think I'm gonna let this sit for a few
more hours and then I will be back with
the final update and all of my money in
my bank account probably gone okay hi I
have zit cream on my face and I haven't
showered today when you literally are
becoming me okay do you want to see the
final reveal of my fake followers oh
yeah
when you're me and James Charleston okay
so you already know about your sister
but I did end up buying her 50,000 more
followers I haven't seen if it's work
yet okay so let's start with my mom's
video last time we looked it was it
20,000 views those a few hours ago see
what it said now anyone could be famous
my mom is a viral sensation in India
that's in credit call her she might not
even know that she put up this video mom
do you remember the video you posted
thinking of you bubas it was you in the
car listening to music for me well you
probably don't remember this but you
only had six thousand views on it back
in the day okay well today you have 65
thousand views on it guess where they
came from
I bought them online to see if it would
work and it did I don't know if it's
illegal or not I wanted to try it out
but you should have a hundred thousand
views on this video by the end of the
night
bye see you at VidCon you new viral star
okay okay I love you it's not illegal I
don't think she's going to jail okay
okay let's see who else okay your
sister's followers so before she had
around 5,000 followers let's see what
she has now it's only been a few hours
31 to point 4,000 followers
honestly the beauty of yours are sheikha
you know who else are shaking the food
fetish community because her foot
picture let's see if it hit 10,000 yet
Wow
well let me see what Shane's green shirt
has before I think I had like 3000 oh my
god did you buy I guess a about 50 we're
close forty six thousand followers okay
so are you gonna do some like
investigative journalism and find out
whose phone I just broke no I just want
to save it work okay see me Tara sent me
a video of her mom reacting what yeah
alright let's watch it what did you buy
twenty thousand
fake retweets to the police showing up
at Aaron's house I think that's it right
yeah Wow I did a lot well guys I have a
lot of thoughts number one does it work
yes number two do I think anybody should
do this no unless it's a joke because
it's not real people I don't think these
are real they might be dead they might
be babies we don't know but people are
gonna know if it's fake or not like if
you have 20,000 likes on something and
no comments like people are gonna be
suspicious also does it matter numbers
don't matter what matters is if you're
putting out good shit that people
actually like if you're putting out
something and you want much of numbers
on it what's the point although my mom's
video of her not singing along to a song
in the car definitely deserves a hundred
thousand views okay guys go hopefully
you enjoyed my experiments I'm actually
kind of nervous I need to run this past
a lawyer I think I'm okay but either way
I will never I make a promise here pinky
promise I will never and have never
bought any views or likes or anything
for myself
ever in my whole life and I don't plan
on it if people just stop watching me
then I will just say alright because
what matters is you guys the real people
who are alive but if you die please
still like my videos all right you guys
I'm gonna go hopefully enjoy this if you
are alive subscribe
in the notification because I make new
videos every day and let me know down in
the comments what you think about this
if you've ever known anybody that's
bought likes or views or anything and if
you've ever tried it and if you want
more videos like this where I try stop
and experiments and do very scary things
online let me know I'm gonna go clear my
history
