hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com the shore we discuss
things that are blowing up on the engine
because I as youtuber have the inside
scoop in terms of how YouTube and social
media posts are created I can oftentimes
see the bull so big trends similar to
DIYs that have been popping around the
internet lately is creating giant gummy
blank everybody owes that teach you how
to make a giant gummy milk carton or
videos that teach you how to make a
giant gummy wine bottle and in the
future there will probably be a video
teaching you how to make a giant gummy
gun so you can shoot yourself in the
head after watching all these DIYs today
I'm going to be delving into the world
of giant gummy items that don't need to
be turned into giant gummy items and
calling out the bull but before we dive
into that I'm going to be creating a
giant gummy gelatin product of my very
own I'm going to be making a giant gummy
heart and in the span of takes this
giant gummy hearts you hardened I'm
going to talk as much as possible DIY
time this hot water is sure boiling I
bought raspberry gelatin because it
loves prettiest it's very creamy and fun
fun fun to you there's only one way to
find out
smells in your gonna do do today think
it's like doing it seems dissolve having
a good time water cute
okay so first one we're gonna be walking
is one of the things glitter forever 17
and it is a DIY giant lush bath bomb how
to make the biggest rainbow bath bomb in
the world big back you don't case you
ever had anything so in case you've ever
had anything really really against
bathtubs you can now blow one up with
the biggest rainbow in the world thanks
to glitter for a seventeen in between
every competent video there's this
little flash and I feel like it's kind
of an Illuminati Scientologists tactic
to get me to subscribe to the channel
definitely a chance that we're all
getting brainwashed right now as we
watch this so I honestly felt like
Walter White from Breaking Bad and I was
making this because when you start up
maybe the mask because the powder that
flies off of this stuff I'm sneaking
suspicion a glitter forever some teens
next video might just be DIY cocaine and
honestly I'm on board let's check in on
my heart and see how it's doing
excellent the second video we're gonna
be watching is a DIY giant milk jelly
double jugg jello milk gallon if you can
say that five times fast
I have two things to say to that
the first game aa great word and the
second is what weird circumstance led
you to try that are you being held at
gunpoint by a big group of collabing di
wires so already s beginning of this
video I'm into it ah oh I know what this
reminds me of these giant like chunks of
whitish creamy colored flap remind me of
videos I have washed of liposuction and
the results so basically you don't have
the parts this DIY is a little milk
label or the milk pack you're gonna say
it is a DIY jelly edible skin chunk
oh she just pushed all the skin flaps
over with her friends who local out
together this is a glove really else
lastly for passivity okay I will rate
for how all these DIY collabs come to be
so I think glitter forever 17 on
from Greenland cooks up her Walter White
cocaine / left back bomb mixture I'll
get into a really colorful saturated
room with bunch of bottles and just
random props around them snort that
stuff up real good into their body and
in one's life sorta gets a little bit
toned down and fuzzier it's very easy to
come up with the idea of making a giant
DIY skin flap I mean milk Joe let's
check it out how my hearts doing let my
throat hard until I die I'm just DIY a
giant edible video we're going to watch
this DIY and blow you how to make a
mountain GW movies fun and easy DIY
tutorial already the first shot that is
up on the screen it looks like murder
do you know how sometimes there's those
creepy cartoons that help explain to
kids why certain things happens I'll be
like a cartoon that explain to children
hey this is cool warming and there's big
joy gas companies are angry and sad and
they look to kill the plan this makes me
think of a children's animated cartoon
that teaches the art of lobotomy zation
I think that's what this heart can
handle at the moment let's check in and
see how my actual heart is do it did it
so now I'm going to attempt to transfer
my heart to this plate this is heavy
gentle with your heart yeah alright hey
okay it's time Oh edges on this paneling
cut me um my heart is being torn to
shreds no matter how much I try and put
it back my heart will never be what it
once was before oh why is this happening
to me
Kenyon get any close enough to me quit
running away from everything Alexis's
heart just put yourself out there
struggle is very cold especially charge
from this week's verbal episode of Ofcom
hopefully Wheaton hu with our awesome
internet trust me if you have enjoyed
this episode give it a thumbs up and be
sure to check out the latest video over
on my channel it will be
first links in the description and it's
a good time question the day if you
could create a giant gummy anything what
would it be
let me know by leaving a comment I will
see you all next week with a brand new
episode a bomb calm is all good
