hands because yes it has been a while
since I have watched youtubers first
videos and I'm really really nervous
last time I did this I got into like a
Twitter beef with twins if you want to
hear all about it I'll put a link to my
podcast where we talked about it don't
worry me and Twain to our best friends
now but like now nervous like what if I
offend somebody else like what if I piss
off one of my YouTube friends and my
friends I mean a lot of these people
I've never met before and they don't
even follow me back on Twitter and I'm
wondering why anyways let's get started
so first I'm gonna be watching a video
from what Rosanna pansino for his you
know crass nerdy nummies I don't know
why I'm saying her name with an accent
but it's so fun first of all I love her
so much
I think I love her so much that it
scares her you mean like I'll send her
like emojis with like hearts in the eyes
and then she'll just send me back again
all cats leave me alone it's a cute
relationship can't wait to marry her
mmm can't wait for her to make our
wedding cake mm-hmm oh I can't wait to
be Shane pansino all right let's watch a
video all right this one is called
Princess Peach and it's from four years
ago oh this whole getup oh my god I went
to first of all I know that's a wig but
it looks good girl
second of all she looks like Lisa
doesn't she that explains so much a
Mario Party wait what
he went to a Mario Party first of all
who threw that second of all how old are
we
Rosana I think you're my age so you were
probably like 22 back then and you're
going to a Mario Party should you be
getting like drunk and high at 22
I wouldn't know I've never been to a
party and I should probably really like
a Mario Party oh my god
what about a spongebob party and they
had a contest to see who could do the
best punch Bob Noyce cuz that way you
know just give me the goodie bag right
away sorry let's get back to the most
difficult thing for me was getting
makeup on the outfit everywhere teeth
lips are like gooey I wanted it to be a
cartoon paper nevermind i'ma hold that
one back but yeah that's a good girl
color so I got this purchase áfourá
it's like paint painted the lips and
it's super gooey
wait what was she was she a bacon guru I
didn't even know this was sheepish yovan
I think the same person that shit shit
oh my god Oh what is this that's
literally the scariest have ever seen in
my whole life life you know what people
say like hi Shane what's your nightmare
that like diamond what is that I mean he
didn't even try I mean you have a
diamond motherfucker paint in his face
and throwing all those things on his
back and then you have this guy's like
aw shit somebody give me a mushroom hat
I see you what is he supposed to be okay
wearing a yellow shirt and they got a
muffin tin on your back Rossano brought
it bitch she had to wait she had the
makeup she had a gooey lips she had the
dress you have that other bowser dozen
I'll go get the fucking Deena makeup
what do you got get a yellow shirt you
got a brownie tin on your back how much
was that $2 raise your game when you're
around without nothin Xena
just jump on me and don't okay literally
me at every party
hi I'm really quick and nobody jump on
me or kick me where's the cake alright
let's go to another video this is the
cinnamon challenge wait that's not a wig
she went blonde no it's different hahaha
it's different
throws out of the next time I see you
we're gonna talk about that long it's 1
know your thoughts on it cuz like before
I make a joke about it I wanna know your
thoughts on it's like the thoughts on my
hair for 4 years ago are kill yourself
change so like I'm thinking maybe if
you're on the same track of that will
you talk about it my hair was so bad
nothing's great now this isn't about me
let's go back to rosamma
yeah where are they by the way is she in
her laundry room man she started from
the bottom now she is here I don't know
if you've seen her house but damn yeah
just follow it right instead go oh she
didn't do it she's a crowd oh oh wait
let me just ask who the other girl is
who is that sorry if it's your friend
sorry you're probably a nice girl but
we're looking for was an offense you
know I don't need a friend
also there's dinosaurs having sex into
that did you all see that what I love
that I knew Rosanna was kind of kinky
another vomiting why was this a thing
why did people want to see this why do
people want to see people forbidding
actually that sounds great nevermind I
get it alright let's go to another
youtuber rundown I love you you're one
my favorite people in the whole world
and um see you at our wedding
prank vs. prank this one's from six
years ago and called girlfriend fake
head in bed scare what oh no what is
going to happen
wake up your girlfriend wake up bitch it
works oh god what the hell is that
wait what's he going to do with that
that's a big ass man is that a real
house is on a hotel this is the set
that's too nice of a bed for youtubers
wait what's going on I want things being
so quiet by the way you literally could
fart in my ear you could scream bloody
murder and I'm not waking up you don't
have to be quiet around me when I'm
asleep I'm an actual dead person I
literally died for like eight hours oh I
see what's gonna happen she's gonna try
to kiss him his head's gonna fall off
and she's gonna lose all respect for her
boyfriend and probably break up with him
actually no they're gonna stay together
become a huge YouTube channel so good
job guys wait what's the broomstick is
that supposed to be his dick this is
getting a little Sam pepper II oh she's
like not now literally not now any other
time just not now I'm having a dream
right now Ryan Reynolds is in it you
know this is Deadpool but like before he
got his face burped up so like you know
take carrots oh also that head looks
like one of Britney Spears ex-husbands
Oh first of all was dangerous you see
the way she flew out of that bad if she
would have hit her neck and died well
that video would have got ten times more
views but still too dangerous look at
that look in her face you know that look
her face where she's like is this my
life is this gonna disagree my life for
a long time I you're gonna keep doing
this every day aren't you it's gonna be
our job cool great every day I wake up I
got to check my bed for spiders for
snakes for a head okay cool we're gonna
get married
no we're not okay I'm fine not getting
married you know like I'll find out in a
way because I feel like a wedding you
would like to do some brace you know me
but you'd have the priest like throw up
on me or something I do a prank bless
your sinful friend versus girlfriend you
don't mean like we want to be husband
and wife night I can get out of this any
time right now I'm kidding they're sweet
they actually I don't think I've ever
met them but everybody that has missed
has said that they were like the nicest
people who loved she's a good I did that
I got make fun of people and then I'm
like but they're so nice
literally every mean girl in high school
but I'm technically yes
the cami show her oldest video is called
oh it's only from a year ago the best of
Gabbie show vine compliment no offense
Gabby but fine uh-oh
which by the way follow me on vine
matching doesn't I love running those
tits
hahahaha sorry I just had to say
something cuz number gram my
neighborhood with my shirt off all your
baby daddies what Gabby what wait I have
to wait what was the point of that
buying you have big boobs because it
worked like rubbing on a wish will come
true now like that that he's like no I
mean the magic lamp hasn't opened we
have to make it oh what oh no girl what
what's that was it Aladdin I'm so
confused I don't know much about Disney
was that The Little Mermaid was that
Finding Nemo did her mom dad I have a
lot of questions that sides really
doesn't feel of power what do you have a
refillable so does as long as you wait
oh wait size does not matter as long as
you have a refillable soda and you've
got a big day okay I don't have either
of those so like I have like a 12-pack
at that root beer in my fridge and like
a mediocre dick so like what we gonna do
Gaby you know me what we gonna do like I
got a Coke Zero and it grower not a
shower you know that what we're gonna do
daddy that's hard a dog my see this
bitch I'm gonna knock her out it's just
really values oh my god okay that one
honestly here's the thing I'm not like
laughing out loud I don't laugh how
about a lot we can we cover in my ass
they're really really funny I was like
not laughing no but that looks true
because I've seen so many girls be like
oh man oh okay be child psychology with
talking shit about me
to many and then the second ASEAN is
like hey girls like you like did you say
something like we're you did you would
you would you're my best friend you
would never know I know oh my god Haley
Blake I know for sure anyway it's like
what a lot faster sup juniors like
that's what they do
so Cathy I would like to that that's my
nightmare my nightmares somebody fuckin
vining my fat ass at an airport and it
has happened and they don't say an ass
they say have us it's never excited it's
always terrified it's always who is she
and then when I turn around oh you're a
mom it's not fun where you guys going
from you puzzle youtubers old videos
make you leave comments let me know what
other youtubers I should be watching I
also give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos a
physical day and I will see you guys
tomorrow
battle 8 that's exactly what I watched a
big ol gorilla to fight for me the
fierce battle aids roams the wild of the
forest protecting the weaker animals oh
my god me oh my god I am the battle date
I'm protecting all my little weak
youtubers all the Ricky dil is in
trouble morons they're all behind me not
protecting all of them
