hey you guys yes it is another time for
me to play with some kids toys and
relive none of my childhood because I
didn't have toys
I had imaginary friends and they're
still here today leave me alone we fight
a lot but the makeup sex is everything
anyways let's get to the joy first I'm
gonna start with Mara's mud what so I'm
guessing this is just like some kind of
slime situation which by the way they
keep renaming it it's all the same shit
gap slime Mars mud floor these are all
just names for a fast rapport that
nobody wants yes that stripper is here
hi I'm Mars mud I'm real gooey but I'm
real sweet can you put a dollar in my
asshole thing side no I already told
this story but when I went to the strip
club the stripper asked me to put a
dollar in her asshole like I had the
dollar and I'm like oh here you go like
trying to hand it to her like I was at
7-eleven drive by a quest bar and she
was like no no no no and she spread her
asshole
and I was like what do you want me to do
it like am I gonna get changed you owe
me like a dollar and are you gonna bop
the corners because I am good also that
assholes very large you probably have
second Julia's in their big old half
dollars okay back to the kids toys Mars
mud you know what I mean it's already
giving you soup plantation jello up the
day realness whoo
oh I'm gonna be using this later a lot
oh my god okay it's like slime but it's
harder it's more firm oh and it makes
better noises ya know I'm gonna have
some fun let me take this thing out oh
my god I'm not gonna lie that's kind of
beautiful like I don't know how to play
with it oh I know how to play with this
but like on camera I don't know how to
play with this like what do you do you
just squish it around like what a kids
doing this can I eat it do not ingest
well you don't know me
no I didn't know what poison tasted like
until that moment and also when I tried
the cheese fries at McDonald's
like what hey McDonald you're not
fooling anybody I know you just had a
lot of extra cheese you needed to get
rid of so you threw that shit the deep
fryer right guess what well I got three
orders but I hated myself after I ate it
then I got three more and I really hated
myself that's Mars so I guess you just
gotta roll it around I mean I don't I
don't care
I'm over it just keep making queasy
noises boo this was so fun though when I
was a kid and I'd be like hey mom been
down real quick and I wish you would I
go now as he wasn't in Bob as you go
it's not my fault I have uncontrollable
vagina muscles
you must me up Shane you're fat about
body bugs he got in my birth canal
fucked me up for life now I gotta have
nasty dancing dollars in my asshole
that's what I gotta do to pay for you
Shane that wasn't my life but I wish it
was next door what the fuck is this
battle bands collect stretch and destroy
I mean this could be a dating app
collect the roughest and toughest battle
bands to defeat your opponents you know
what this is
children this is another way for the
government to make money off you with
dumbass shit pokemons playing cards
Pikachu's baseball cards you know what
it is
paper you know you can do you don't have
to run out to the store and buy up all
the pokemon cards you could just draw
them cause they're fucking cartoons or
print them out and cut them out be
crafty this right here a waste of your
life this video right here also a waste
of your time so click out go outside
alright let's open this up quite just
too harsh like me with every item I
order Burger day what all this packaging
for this for damn silly bands and what
is this of playing cards of course wait
what the fuck is this is this a condom
this is too much this is complicated
this is something Raven Symone would
definitely wear on the view yes I have
opinion
and they are all dumb Dalit just getting
Raven I love you please please marry me
I love you all right what is this red
panda Ranger this is the most bootleg
ass game I have ever seen who is she
quick and clever red panda Ranger always
is on guard and defends a land of the
creatures they just took Pokemon Power
Rangers and shopkins and they molded all
that shit into this that can not protect
me you know could protect me a gun a gun
and a knife which by the way I keep a
butter knife under my bed I was gonna
keep a butcher knife under my bed I was
like that's too far so like the butter
knife is enough you know I mean you can
kill somebody with that you can gouge an
eye out with that next car battle 80
that's exactly what I watched a big ol
gorilla to fight for me the fierce
battle a rose the wild of the forest
protecting the weaker animals oh my god
me oh my god I am the battle I'm
protecting all my little weak youtubers
all the Riki do is intrepid morons
they're all behind me and I'm protecting
all of them so what does this mean
they're all like rubber bands okay so I
guess you take the rubber bands
I'm not assumed this is a fucking bird
like what the fuck is that a fucking
witch like who is that fucking waste of
money is what that is I guess you just
like put this here and just like well
that was it fun toy next outdoor well
we're inside so we're gonna fuck up this
place
outdoor colored bubbles color rubs off
of skin what I don't know if I want this
anymore
boo the shade is purple pizzazz honestly
me if I was a color know if I was in
color I would be like dark dark poop
like so brown it's black I hear it read
before you play God really have to read
instructions for bubbles up jump do you
think I am well I couldn't figure out I
play the damn rubber band game prettied
up hose down all surfaces that the
bubbles touch what is this shit mater
what is this going to do
to my house to my life to my body am I
going to galaxy myself again because I
have done that too many times whatever
I'm doing it for the video I'm doing it
for you guys you didn't ask for this but
I'm doing him anyways now I just want to
see if it really is oh my god this is
actually purple okay we're only gonna do
like one of these cuz this is gross
oh I don't see pick a big one purple
bubble oh it's already everywhere oh I
hate it so much
alright we're doing it we're doing it oh
wait is it purple it's kind of purple
right no not at all what kind of here
let's pop it on my skin and see what
happens god I miss having pimples no I
don't never mind oh I don't wanna put
that to the universe I miss having back
pimples I was rubbing somebody's back in
the day it wasn't sexual it's just like
I thing I do and they have so many
pimples and I was like he and I they
took that offensively but I choked as a
compliment I love a good pump be back
all right let's pop it on my skin oh my
god it leaves little purples that's cute
that's disgusting though and very messy
so I'm not gonna do it inside do not use
it weddings
what bridesmaid is going through Target
like okay I want to be a good bridesmaid
I want to make the place real regal
fancy
I want a dream wedding for her alright
know about the Mars floor in the color
bubbles good we're on our way here comes
the bride house you girl I'll give you
supplier know we have fun next door okay
this is blue what the hell is this this
is called a tater shot blasts potato
bullets see what okay I have a potato
here so we're gonna fucking do this I'm
really excited about this actually I'm
too excited about this actually okay
press barrel into potato and break off a
pellet hold in position and shoot the
trigger okay
so I guess you just oh okay I just did
it now what oh yeah oh this is fun okay
wait oh my Robbins's are done look ready
hold up where should I shoot it I don't
want to shoot you
okay I'll shoot you oh I did this last
week where I got something on my camera
lens and it was there for like five
videos so I am very sorry about that oh
my
god this is so fun this makes shooting
fun again okay whoa hello wasting food
promised a parachute to my mouth what
what's going on
I already broke it this is why I don't
keep guns around give it all right well
one more time this is called the hover
ball now I'm sure you've seen this on
YouTube before I know funny did one and
I know some youtubers have done this but
this is a ball that supposedly
supposedly hi I'm 5 supposedly glides on
most surfaces and like hovers I don't
understand what that means but this girl
on the back is giving me 1995 realness
with those shorts all right let's try
this out whoo it's very very light soft
to the opposite of me let's go play all
right here we go
I just can't get right or should I have
somebody to play that hey Chris yeah
yeah it loose I don't know how Mr
Justice foolish you know what he does
just slide a little bit okay okay oh
shit
no I just realized my life alright guys
catch it we failed in that just like you
failed at life
now click off this video go back to
school and I know if you're in school
right now if you're watching this LED
dress at high anyways let's go hopefully
you enjoyed me playing with kids toys
today I give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe and give it as a single day
and yeah I'm gonna go play around with
my hover ball all the load in my empty
house that's so scary everything about
that is scary hey ghosts wanna play no
yeah I wouldn't let me either
alright you guys I'll see you little
furball time that sound this is the
sound that you make when you're taking a
selfie you're smiling no you know it's
just that you know snapchat but if you
are on snapchat it's the sound of every
person snap that cuz it go
