hey guys really quick before this video
starts I'm here with the psychic twins
and we just did a video over on their
channel where they talked about all
their biggest predictions they made they
predicted my love life so I'll let you
guys know what happened with that they
are also predicting youtubers coming out
of the closet so click the link below if
you want to see that video alright enjoy
this video
sit down yes sir behave
pushover peg I know about the cute fig
you and your boyfriend do wheel at each
other I can't play that game because I
have body dysmorphia if you don't know
what that is check out my video on
fighting this war feel you cannot call
me a pig what's your like thing that you
hate yourself well I might of you hey
guys yeah I'm here with my fave Joey
ring-ring piglet how are you I love that
in my mama pig dad so today we are going
to be watching and some are videos
because I watched them along the last
time and I got a little scared so I
wanted a little friend to watch with me
I don't even know what this is I'm real
confused is just people whispering mom
it's this gosh no it's basically a lot
of that a lot of fun okay fine so
basically ASMR for those of you that
don't know it's like sounds that make
your brain having an orgasm
it's like you are sensitive to that and
so like think about a sound like what's
a sound you like how many wow that's
that gonna remove Silas and that's it
okay I'm gonna go with like pigs so
let's do the pig ASMR wait this one's
called weird ASMR Pig video I love that
oh no this is terrified I'm sorry
growing a pig is just right there Oh was
it pork
me yeah bitch give me some of that one
ASMR a she's just talking about you
wanted I would just want the bottom to
knock outside the door did you do your
homework yeah you want somebody's corner
it should be more scary
mommy's fine I'm oh I'm just talking to
my friends Oh
oh my god sent me and you you're calling
me the pink now yeah is she gonna fuck
this game with this is handsome are I've
got this yeah she's rubbing it doesn't
that make your head orgasm you know
first of all can we talk about the
person who owns a pig like that actually
never mind cuz you own the weirdest shit
okay wait let's think of a weird word
ASMR next with anything or our food or a
word you know what I love the my fav
word is pura desa oh wow you're destined
for saw that wasn't it handsome are
right there but eating okay what a
spirit is to be above everything it's
like sparkly like beer Justin it's like
a shimmering splendid house okay we're
gonna do queefs wait there's no tweeps
okay then I'm just gonna do ASMR vagina
okay what's worse vaginas are pigs feet
hates the interesting choice I'll show
you swell I haven't seen it so you've
never seen a vagina of course I have oh
my god there's actual vaginas and
penises on YouTube I can't show this how
is that happening I don't know onaconda
wow there's like naked thing when you do
that all okay then we'll do ASMR
brazilian waxing oh boy that sound this
is the sound like you make when you're
taking a selfie you're smiling no you
know it is that you know
job but if you are on stature it's the
sound of every person snapshot because
it go like stopping in the Nessun
everybody
oh it's me someone let's get let's skip
I'm talking to that wax bitch watch the
bus oh is that that wasn't it he just
ripped one off that's so intense
oh you don't remind him I feel like
she's being like tortured and she can't
scream or I'll tell torture for even
more so she okay I love that yeah that's
not sick it's like slash Whiston movie
well last time I want some farts and
that was really good so let much more Oh
the fart master oh I was on this channel
last time get some good vids I love the
part nasty no he's fucking everything
this is farting on a dam in a bathtub
wait really first of all what serial
killers oh my god wait no like why does
in show his face I'm like really cuz
it's you know the toenails oh my god
that's not right
Oh poop come out you are the little wet
poop come out I don't think that was
real okay then let's do farting on
already dirty underwear fart bastard oh
that's a nice box for underwear though
she's real classy
I've never that was Israel I never heard
or seen anyone partly how did he do that
there was a kid in school when I was a
kid who he's just shut up the air in his
ass and then push it out he how did he
suck it up just like he would just do it
walk in number he's on the superhero you
literally the only power secondary is
guarding ubers how many endure Hooper's
far to the car
I don't know if anybody were Sephardic
but I'm about 99% sure one of my lubbers
took a shit in the car I think so that's
all I'm real shit and then I have an
uber on tinder while he's driving
oh my gosh yeah what about ASMR pa oh my
god that's fucking everything hahaha
thank you for finally coming to the
party right friend urinating ASMR you
have a bigger e job wait quick question
the P holes yeah so I had somebody tell
me like oh your peoples very big is that
a thing pleases your people did ma know
I mean I don't think so how big is I
think you can tell by the sound of how
some piece Mikey sounds like I'm pouring
milk into the trip you have a big it's
like Oh every time it goes up it focuses
audience
- nigga my balls like this lovers like
it makes a whistle boys love that
alright let's do one more how about tuna
- love ya like a tuna sandwich
this is my favorite girl this is ASMR
tuna salad boiled egg this is ASMR ray I
gave her a shout out my last video oh my
god she kills it she has children at Rob
ah no that's her shit bitch no that's
her drying by the way we're in a new hat
room that last time here in her bedroom
now we are in her lair I feel like this
is what you grew up I feel like this is
your house experience right is that a
sibling was that your kitchen yeah ooh
snack and lunch yes bitch
only the best I like the drawing in the
back has purple hair
she went create a little purple here oh
that's GA go from Dora the Explorer oh I
love that sound how you have to cheat it
oh here we go
yeah hate that no way I love it
yes beat that tuna with your mission I
love that she has plastic silverware me
she is me buzz it's over where I have
kids stuff on my wall I don't want to
fix a.m. came up to Jesus oh my god oh
my god will you guys go houses is marks
I hated it and I never want to listen to
it again those sick now why do you like
that today actually is it like all just
like we're all just like kidding like oh
my god no I know it's real it's a
community you'll piss them off okay I
love it ASMR everything no people listen
to it and like literally gives their
brain orgasms at least the comments of
other things we should ASMR or like
Google or maybe the next video we make
our own oh okay that could be fun
tada give me ASMR of you whispering how
much I love you and how much I'm ever
yuka-chan mergers over there we made
some gross ass fucking vegan frosty and
even that was gross it was a Wendy's
frosty DIY and it was literally
everything and more and if you want to
see it it's literally ASMR shame
complaining for ten minutes that's what
it was oh look oh look oh look I'm armed
on the arm
oh girl when you try to dab you don't
know how oh that's a decapitation
