hey guys remember that one time I bought
a deep fryer put a Barbie in it yeah
that was a good idea oh god she's stuck
shit oh shit oh now she's bendy as fuck
oh I just love a good fire hazard which
is why I'm doing something even dumber
today I bought a fucking waffle iron why
not because I want to make waffles what
am i I hop no I don't hop I drag oh I
love that I don't have a drag bitches no
in all honesty though I meant drag as in
like I just drag my fat ass around
everywhere but enough about my fat ass
let's talk about cooking with a waffle
iron I'm not gonna be making waffles I'm
gonna be making things into waffles I
was thinking like maybe a donut maybe
piece of cake I don't know maybe even
Taco Bell so I went on Twitter and asked
you guys what should I put a waffle iron
and all of you wanted a fucking Barbie
and because I feel like that's our thing
like that's our ritual every time I get
a new cooking appliance I'm up at a
Barbie in it what if that was how
Rachael Ray was here I mean she's like
look at this new pan let me go
grandmother me oh I feel like that bitch
is crazy enough to do that anyways yes
let's test this baby out see if it
wobbles okay here we go
I'm opening up the box oh by the way
here's Barbie I decided to get ballerina
princess Barbie okay let's open up this
box okay here it is well okay so
basically we are going to ignore all the
instructions because we don't need that
once again this is not brunch this is
not cooking for Bay this is cookie bar
Bay and we're gonna fry this bitch
okay so I guess oh nothing really scary
sound when you don't know what you're
doing it's ready okay so let's put this
in the flog oh my god is it on okay I'm
turning it all the way up that's a good
idea
now it's time to open up our Barbie hi
this is a Barbie unboxing doesn't that
look so fun kids son that looked just
like your mommy who just kidding where
is your mommy by the way she doesn't
parent you why I should put these videos
in front of you instead of actually
caring about you and watching you what
was that you see a babysitter more than
you see your mother Oh
I bet your mother hates you I bet mama
doesn't even know you exist and that
mama is out there fucking some other guy
that's not daddy and I'm a daddy okay
with it
I love playtime all right now the
question is do we take her bun out or
leave it I think we should take it out
like I feel like we need to see her hair
flowing in the fucking wind and by wind
I mean the hot hot
I heard men listen fucking watt wired I
want to see her a bitch melt I love that
Barbie doesn't have extensions you know
I mean like I love that she's okay being
natural I also love that she's wearing a
little crown I'm gonna take that off
because I feel like there's just
something illegal about burning the
Queen I mean also this crown is
everything a moment oh my god me when
I'm 27 and wearing a party crowd who is
he's not oh my god okay oh do we see for
clothes on feel like we should take a
little skirt off feel like that's
definitely a fire hazard but those would
take off her accessories like her
necklace I would take this off but this
is actually part of her yeah it's not
coming off oh my god that's so artsy
look at that that looks like a fucking
Instagram yoga model Monday motivation
hi girls if you want to be stress-free
like me just do yoga implies it makes
you very happy I promise it'll make your
boyfriend love you even though he never
ever text you back
what was that you don't have a boyfriend
haha neither do i Oh where's your mom by
the way
oh my god we're beginning some problems
and I relate to that oh my god it says
ready Oh
oh my god okay we're doing this we're
doing it let me get a good angle oh my
god it's such a bad idea okay wait let
me pull it forward oh my god it's
already smoking oh my god okay okay God
if I die I love you all right here we go
wait we just spray it with Pam you know
I mean like we don't want her skin to
stick perfect all right Barbie Oh Oh No
oh my god okay all right here we go oh
my god ooh that smell is not good oh my
god this is horrifying is it working
oh it's working oh my god she's
literally melting into it this is
everything that looks like a tanning bed
it's like an actual final destination
movie Oh No
Oh looks like you're gonna have to get
an extension now bitch let's just let
her like that oh my god that's
horrifying all right you know what let's
actually put this more on her face cuz I
think that's what we want to cook we
just press this down my god imagine the
sounds of her screaming like a toy story
was real and like all the Barbies hang
out together like all the other Barbies
are in the store like damn I'm so glad
we're not that bitch you see that
crazy-ass youtuber come in here fuck you
know he's trying to deep-fry some shit
right is it working oh my god guys no no
oh no honestly though she still looks
good she's still killing it hahaha I'm
an actual serial killer just want you to
know that alright let's see it's been a
couple minutes see how she's looking oh
I think it's time to flip her oh my god
if I just cover your face in pain she's
like girl take me out of my misery I'm
sorry for yelling at you about your mama
I bet your mama loves you now she don't
Oh Mon girl cook into the griddle I mean
honestly though she's still killing it
with a pointed toe like look at that
killing it ballerina goals oh you guys
can see this would look when I open it
oh stringy
alright let's see how's it looking girl
Oh I mean honestly she still looks
pretty how do we make this more intense
I guess they just have to squish it down
hard ah that's it I need to like really
make this forceful good thing you're
good at yoga girl oh no whew oh you hear
that you hear the crackling sound oh I'm
ruining this waffle iron our night like
am I never gonna believe it on this so I
really wanted to waffle a doughnut Oh oh
my god yeah this is deviling working
alright let's give it a flip Oh oh my
god oh my god this is so horrified Oh
oh my god oh my god this is like one of
those memes like do you put a normal
Barbie on the left you like me on the
first day at school and then on the
right me on the last oh my god okay
let's keep going cuz I mean it's just
gonna get better
sorry girl who also speaking of it gets
better it actually gets worse my new
book
go get it now pre-order you like that
Barbie i pre-ordered the book it was
great thank girl yeah what else can we
do to this let's flip her back over Oh
oh my god I don't know what her ass is
anymore like where is she also what is
this maybe like this there we go let's
give her one more nice little cook yeah
really pressing down yeah I hear it
flames this is a lot of smoke kids do
not try this at home I don't know why
you would alright and grand finale let's
see how she looks
Oh oh my God look at her actual bones
that's fucking horrifying wait look oh
look oh look at the arm on the arm
oh girl when you try to dab you don't
know how oh that's a decapitation that's
a head separating from its body Oh gross
oh my god what is that
she got a neck bone oh no this is
getting too real oh I hate it you ain't
it you look oh no bitch Oh when she's
twerking but she can't stop she's
working herself to death oh my god okay
I think I'm done
we're done here this is we're done where
you guys go that was me called the angle
I'm looking at her right now is so sad
hold on and insert a pic oh god this is
heartbreaking this is what I'm looking
at right now sorry girl
you're so pretty though you look real
good I got you guys if you want me to
make more waffle stuff please let me
know down the comments can we do food
next time like a little maybe a Big Mac
I don't know something good I'll take
this video a thumbs up and subscribe I
mean it is a physical day
I will see you little melted Barbies
tomorrow hi this is I don't know
oh it's beef and broccoli Oh I mean
presentation not killing it like I know
she's good on the inside black on the
outside bitch fuck
