hey you guys really quick before today's
video starts I just want to remind you
that there's a brand new episode of my
podcast up right now I will put the link
right down there it is soundcloud.com
slash shane and friends in this episode
we talk about a lot of stuff we talk
about sex we talk about relationships
and we talk about my but there's also a
lot of Farrah Abraham drama so make sure
to check it out
as you guys enjoy the rest of the video
hey - be good yes today I'm going to be
trying something I have not had since I
was a teenager well there's a lot of
things I haven't had since I was a
teenager healthy sleeping schedule daily
human interaction more than two friends
and an addiction to clearing my browsing
history actually no I still have that
anyways today I'm going to be trying
panda express foods now listen I am that
panics breasts baby since I was 17 and
it was on a date which I did not know
was a date until like ten years later
this girls school was like oh hey do you
want to hang out on the weekend and I
was like obviously when we like painting
nails and out of your fucking sleepover
she was like no maybe we can like go see
a movie and get food and I was like
great is that before or after we prank
phone call all the guys on water polo
and eat cookies yeah I know how to make
the ladies wet anyways we saw
transformers awful and then went to
Panda Express so fucking good so I'm
going to be reliving that whole entire
experience today with you guys so you're
gonna be the girl I was on the date with
and I'm gonna be the sad sad man who had
no idea I could have gotten fucked but
instead you know what happened I dropped
her off I went home and I searched awful
things on porn sites I'm talking things
I should go to jail for I'm talking
things involving weapons I'm talking
things involving teachers I watched a
porn parody of Sister Sister and let me
just tell you there was nothing funny
about scissor scissor
let's start eating so I basically just
got like all the hits you know I'm
saying like now that's what I'm calling
Panda Express volume 1 so I'm gonna
start real simple and I don't think
about
whatever the hell this thing is oh well
okay is this a day cuz like if it is you
know I mean like I shouldn't bite it off
yet that's like the second day when I
don't like you that much and I want a
reason for you to never see me again and
I just oh oh oh what hold on oh where is
that there's little arms in there do you
see that they're like little see-through
arms boom I love a good arm no oh oh
hold on I can't fuck this up with at
myself
oh here she is oh this is what I like to
call Asians ranch you know need they put
this shit on everything just like
Americans - this is sweet and sour sauce
honestly it's not sour at all it's
really just sweet it's like the opposite
of the sour patch kids and it's not
terrifying oh my god dip dip dip dip oh
fuck
alright okay oh I forgot we're on a date
so like what's your favorite movie
interesting I don't really give a fuck
hmm oh my god everything in this bag
should be illegal this this is this this
should be like murder this would be like
theft
these should get you locked up by the
way you imagine me in jail oh my god I
can just imagine like I was gonna get
real breasts
I would not be tasting food and doing
galaxies it'll be a lot of DIY anyways I
know the hell this thing is fucking
ghost fuck and this I'm gonna keep you
over here you know just for drizzling
how are you doing the date so far is it
good do we have chemistry is this
working you seem to be looking at your
phone a lot who you talking to yeah just
a little text text me wrong no your
brother no a friend your on bubble oh
you're on tinder okay oh you swipe it
okay I got it right here okay that's fun
that's fun help you choke on that yummy
to die that's what I tell I didn't say
that what I'm kidding but it's going
great though what is this oh all right I
have this little red box will you do me
the honors of making me get diarrhea
this is I don't know
oh it's beef and broccoli Oh I mean
presentation not killing it
I know she's good on the inside black on
the outside bitch book it's basically
the opposite of Taylor Swift cuz you
know on the outside she's good and on
the inside bitch full alright we're
gonna take a little bite of this little
beef broccoli it is so weird how food
like gives me memories like when I smell
this
I remember being in the trunk of that
car like I remember screaming for help
but I remember nobody caring I remember
slowly dying ah I love Easter with the
family I mean mrs. to healthy yummy this
is no fun there's no when I go to Panda
Express for play I go to pen Express to
have my wrist explode you know I mean
like if I'm wearing a watch I won't
touch it the break the second I walk out
the door if I'm not what would Jesus do
bracelet on I want that shit to expect I
don't want to be able to into my pants I
want my pants to reject me I want to be
wearing jeggings or joggers and I want
the elastic to break I literally want to
swell up I want to swell up so big now
my camera angle has to be on the mole of
a concealer for my next YouTube video I
want to be huge and this is not doing it
I mean it's fine but I'm moving on which
is exactly what you're saying on this
date next food whoo fuck
oh I love the little white box I love
how last call this little literally the
size of my head there's a shit and
Express you need to step up your game I
want a box the size of a pizza and I
want to just filled with orange chicken
oh my god orange chicken oh I think I
got a chicken all again the amount of
excitement that just went through my
body right now is something I've never
felt okay so we're gonna start with
orange chicken cuz like I know she's
good like I'm comfortable with her like
we've had a lot of memories together I
used to get Chinese food every day after
my mom would get home from work we would
go and get this cheap-ass Chinese food
so much of it and we would just sit on
the couch and break open our white boxes
and pour that sweet sour sauce on and
just spend hours talking about how much
daddy didn't understand us and how we
were fucking worth it you know
and then we go to my weight watcher
meeting and you know I wouldn't have a
loss anyways let's try this oh my god
freely look a white girl vegan a very
odd Cragen's better get out of here free
games actually you could say this looks
like trash don't go who by the way I'm
gonna make a term for people who only
eat candy sweet kids
you mean I'm on this weekend diet you
know all I eat is skittles which by the
way some asshole on Instagram made like
a meme showing how my skittles container
has gone down and down and down every
video yes I eat skittles yes every time
I walk by it I put my sad little hand in
the top break that shit up and get a
scoop it is not my fault that I have an
addiction you know what else have an
addiction to looking up old music videos
like Hilary Duff's live performances
does that make me crazy I mean yeah but
you ain't live did you seen that bitch
lip-sync to come clean oh it's good she
doesn't a try she literally does not try
she'll be just up that's rain fall down
come on Anna no books try the next thing
yeah okay so when I just put my mouth I
have no fucking idea I don't know it's
like orange chicken but is darker it was
called like a pack which is once again
my new drag name in this book it's like
sweet it's like sour it's like salty
there's like hair on it you just pick it
off and keep going there's a little seed
on it oh fuck that is listen I didn't
say I was in official food review okay I
didn't say I was guy Feeny I didn't say
I was Valerie Bertinelli I didn't say I
was on Food Channel but what I did say
was hi can express can I have a million
things yes and only one fork that's
right I'm hello so fuck you've got it oh
this is very good
I'm swelling up and literally turning
into the Michelin Man
and I'm okay with it I guess I better
try some of this chow mein I don't want
to leave her alone by the way how's the
date going
you guys having fun you're doing good
yeah so like on a scale of one to ten
like how much you want to kill yourself
right now
No ten oh that's fun okay well on our
second date we're gonna be going to
McDonald's so you're ready for that all
right let's take a look I actually know
what fuck it let the rain fall down
to wake my dreams let it wash addy oh
fucking good alright we'll taste the
taste here we go
Oh Oh what Hitler does something's up
oh my god that's better than come clean
what is that so yesterday no it's better
than that why not no it's better than
that
I can't wait you guys why I don't even
know that song that's very old-school
but it's better than that you know what
this is this is a little-known Jam that
nobody knows about but it's the shit
about to show you the world I gotta show
you the worm hold on sorry that's the
rap let me get to the Hillary part we
shad fuck name I go insane DJ Sunday you
gotta make me wait
by the way she might not say fuck me but
she's singing with her eyes this is so
good I think I have one more thing what
do we got I never want this to stop
I want to eat forever what is this okay
beans just look like more of the those
roll things but they're in a different
bag and they're a little bit darker so
let's eat it actually let's break it in
half
oh wait that's same thing the fuck why
did they separate the bags they're the
same fucking thing is it more there has
to be something else I ordered so many
things yeah fortune cookies oh that's
perfect we're gonna see what the future
of our relationship is are you ready for
this
oh okay ready plan to have some fun
that's it plan to have some fun let me
just give you a hint Panda Express
people who are eating in your facility
do not have fun they do not they have
sadness they have tears
oh wait that makes sense basically Panda
Express is like be happy I know you're
depressed right now because you're
eating Panda Express at noon but like
you could be happy soon I get it isn't
it true if you don't eat the cookie
doesn't come true my little scam I used
to do is when I go there with my family
I take all their cookies you'd be like
oh no no what happens is if the fattest
person at the table doesn't eat all the
cookies no no come true so feed me where
did I go that was me in panic spreads
and honestly I feel very happy give it
to you a fuckin
pictures and scattering into the day and
I'll see you little sad pandas tomorrow
sad pandas that's cute and its hold up
oh my god it's all making sense
alright Craigslist you know like I'll
find somebody else who's like too scared
to do anything with a guy and then I'll
do something with them and maybe it'll
be like okay cuz Craigslist is the place
to go to buy couches why did I think it
was a good idea to try to find a dick
there well guess what it wasn't a good
idea to find a dick there did not go
great
