my name is Alexis chisel and welcome to
bomb.com the show where we discuss the
things that are blowing up on the
internet this week on Bob Kahn we're
gonna be switching up from the reaction
style videos and trying a little
sprinkle of something fresh as you can
probably surmise I make videos on the
internet and post a lot of things on the
internet a lot of times when I watch
certain videos or see certain posts I
can kind of pinpoint exactly what about
it is real or fabricated for the post
itself so today we're putting those
magical powers to the test in a little
segment I like to call calling out
bullets we are going to get started with
a big recent trend on YouTube which is
DIY video and when you're making these
videos there's a lot of pretty colors
and beautiful saturation that makes you
think it's all gonna work out and be
okay and I'm here to tell you that that
is not always the case so I'm going to
put on a blazer and do some detective
work
oh yeah why trend that has been going
around like these DIY POS products
myself wore my fair share of egg-shaped
lip balm and I think I know this stuff
pretty well we're gonna watch a DIY EOS
video and see if what the title is
actually matches up with what it teaches
you to do so one of the first ones to
pop up is a DIY edible eels eat your
ears delicious eatos treats I have a
sneaking suspicion that this is actually
just some sort of food product in an EOS
container oh she's just biting it really
hard I'm actually going to have a
seizure
oh of course Breland the DIY clean and
she might have accidentally melted a
Jolly Rancher and stuck it all over your
mouth I'm not even saying that's a bad
thing it's probably a whole DIY
community I know nothing about first
there's AOS next there's melting Jolly
Ranchers to make pipe bombs okay so
these already are indeed candy EOS and
not actual DIY edible EEOC can use as
lip balm and eat the next year why we
are going to be searching is a galaxy
DIY because that is another
huge trend so one of the first galaxies
here my videos to pop up as a DIY galaxy
Reese's Cup tumblr inspired easy no
baked desserts Valentine's Day gifts and
Sri Wendy guide wires say that they're
collaborating with other youtubers
they're actually just like putting up
the thumbnails and saying go watch their
videos to not only a whole lot of actual
talking or collaboration in terms of the
making of the video itself it sort of
like I wanna be here making this video
about different DIY videos and then all
of a sudden I was like you know who else
exists Sam pepper he made a video watch
it o youtubers in any sense calling
themselves awkward so I feel like as a
youtuber being like I'm awkward is
really just another way of saying
subscribe to this channel also I
wouldn't hate it if you clicked a few of
my ads and not the DIYs that I can
stomach for today goodnight and how I
feel about this blazer because I am
about it seduction approaching it's kind
of different episode of uncom if you
like the calling out bullshit saying
make give it a thumbs up to that I know
to make more give a comment in let me
know if you could do any DIY
successfully what DIY would you want to
do I'll see you guys next week with a
brighter episode a bomb calm so good
