hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck dude
my name is destory and I have a huge
butthole is what I would say if I wanted
to have anything in common with your
sister oh but this one fuck news we talk
about the news that matters good set up
the straight face and the first story
that I want to talk about today the
country that is synonymous with manly
man you like Nascar beer and titties
that come up with another manly product
that combines two of their favorite
things
beer and vaginas because as last week a
project is in the works to make the
first beer ever made for bacteria
harvested from vaginas what the fuck
this has to be the most manly thing of
all time which is smart cuz manly men
will buy anything if it means they can
show off how manly they are to men less
manly than they are it's like they're
constantly trying to one-up each other
in manliness watch Rambo today while on
an ATV while shooting the deer wow I
didn't know you had a vagina Todd I
wrestled a bear shirtless while an
active volcano shot lava at me in the
distance that's not very manly did I
mention I was also shooting a rifle and
fingering my wife
holy shit Dwayne you're a legend the
product though fugly called bottle the
instinct made by a company called the
order of Yanni which sounds like a cult
that worships women's feet skin is still
in its beta phase looking for funding on
IndieGoGo but hoping to be released
sometime this year
in case you're wondering which woman's
vaginal fluid people are gonna be
drinking companies hire check bottle
Alexandre Brenda Lobo which had to be
the weirdest job interview of all time
I'm sorry what's the job well we're
going to secrete bacteria from your
vagina gather it in large quantities
ferment it for weeks and then we're
gonna put it in drinks for people to
consume totally I'm in also though as a
prep for donating ten thousand euros or
more to the project you can have a
custom beer with your own girlfriend's
vaginal fluid instead oh great looks
like I'm doing
$10,000 am i right high-five it as for
the people who might try this out there
no matter how much you say you like
bodily fluids from the opposite sex as
soon as you start thinking about
drinking it for like a glass or eating
it like a breakfast cereal no matter who
it is it just sounds disgusting like
kissing for example when you kiss
someone there's a ton of mouth bacteria
and saliva just exchanging in your mouth
but for some reason you're fine with it
unless they're just a bad kisser like
ex-girlfriend who it was like kissing
the Kraken from Pirates of the Caribbean
just an ocean of saliva and a tentacle
like tongue invading every crevice of my
mouth space but as soon as someone spits
in your mouth or like puts their spit in
a jar tells you to drink it it somehow
becomes disgusting anyways the company
is looking to raise a hundred and fifty
thousand euros that's investor day they
only had twenty two backers who raised a
total of four hundred and five euros
because who the fuck would want to do
this gah that's what fuck news a woman
was arrested last week after she hired a
stripper for her eight-year-old son's
birthday party
what dude no fair all done for my
birthday was abandonment issues from my
dad leaving me shitty clearance shelf
cake and a coloring book seriously I
still have a picture of it does this
picture look like I'm having a good time
it's no way to have an eight-year-old
birthday party man why didn't I give
these strippers stop also when I watch
this video expected a kid to be grossed
out by this like oh stop what is
actually enjoying it like what I didn't
stop being girls had cooties till last
year also this kid is surprisingly
comfortable with strippers twerking on
him for being 8 years old I've never
been to a strip club but I know that if
I did I would definitely not handle it
as well as he did so uh do do you do you
like crepes hey do you take credit cards
do I just slip it in your butt crack or
yeah I mean a guy that got kicked out
for trying to slide his credit card in
between the strippers butt cheeks I
don't know how these things work I
really know the video is filled from one
of the friends of the kid in Tampa
Florida of course it was in Florida as
of yet no criminal charges have been
filed against the mom which apparently
would constitute as child abuse as
easily as I am about the mom who is
definitely not winning mother of the
Year award this year I'm almost more
angry at the stripper but who the fuck
agrees to do this like wait your son is
eight years old that's fucked up I'll do
it Paulo the story is bombs don't get
your kids strippers okay ever just ever
plus one news a dating app has been in
the news this last week for being the
first dating service entirely based on
smell Akoni decide is who claim to the
app is not ridiculous in weird
research shows smell plays a huge role
in how desirable you are to another
person which doesn't make sense because
I have a girlfriend and I smell like
shit we're talking the fest
corpse of a rotting manatee that's how
bad I felt I really know how the app
works is by sending you a shirt they
request that you wear three days without
wearing deodorant then you send it back
while they send you samples of other
people's shirt smells like a secret role
of smells that I'm missing out on I just
don't understand this like how much can
you really know about a person from
smelling a shirt yep this guy's a rapist
I think it's a joke I would just sign up
for this and intentionally make my shirt
smells so fucking bad like just smear
shit on it rub it on a gorillas anus
footage ink powder in it just so that
someone gets in it is like wow I can't
wait to get away from my first match
actually this whole thing is inspired me
to make my own dating app based on how
someone sounds because ladies let's be
honest you probably wouldn't date a guy
who laughed like this yeah sound dated
sending a sound sample of you doing
various things and we'll make a batch
based on it guess what your batch sounds
like when they sleep right here's what
your batch sounds like when they sleep
here's what your batch sounds like when
they're committing armed robbery Wow oh
my god he sounds so cute scared about
sound dating just listen to these
testimonies sound dating works I still
have to clip that out there with defined
mark there's your match walking through
a park hey where you going I got candy
in my bag I love you I love you too
sweetie because honestly bad idea is no
worse than this according to the website
no the whole thing only cost $25 in a
small chunk of your remaining dignity
huh let it sit for this episode of what
the fuck new question of the day for you
guys what do you remember from your
eighth birthday did you get strippers
are you a stripper can I pay strippers
and quarters I'm sorry I don't know how
these things work let me know in the
comments down below all of these stories
as always in the description down below
as well as all my links also make sure
to check out my youtube channel at
youtube.com slash Captain Estes for more
of me and thank you for checking it out
don't know what that was so that's it I
will see you next time for another what
the fuck news thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
