hey what's up you guys okay I am so
happy right now and proud and excited
and I can't even talk and I could cry
I'm not going to cry Mittal hold it I'm
gonna suppress it I'm really good at
that
because today I'm gonna be talking about
my new book ah so I kind of talked to
you guys about it the last couple months
I've been working at it for almost a
year now and it is finally done and
ready and available for pre-order I'll
put the link down there first let me
show it to you
I'm so excited okay this is it gets
worse there it is there's the book so
that is me up praying so hard so much
hope in my eyes
guess what Shane it doesn't get better
and then you have a little chain toss it
well that's a coffee stain because I'm a
fucking trash can but then it says what
in New York Times bestselling author cuz
you guys cuz you guys fucking about the
first book that gives like a sad picture
of me and then it says too fat for
college so close to your mother let you
make people uncomfortable desperate
enough for a date that you turn to
Craigslist don't worry it gets worse
yes that is a story little it's crazy
and then look at this side you hit the
little it gets worse on the side so this
is actually just paper because they
wanted to like send me what it will
actually look like when it's done
underneath is kind of like more of a
real look I don't want to tell you that
so as some of you guys might not know
because you might be new to my channel I
wrote a book a year ago called I hate
myself II really uplifting stuff I know
it was a really fun book and really
funny and I wrote it all by myself no
ghosts rather Noel and um it was a
collection of short stories from my life
some of which I turned into short films
and put on my other YouTube channel so
that book came out a year ago and you
guys supported the shit out of it and it
was
the New York Times bestseller lists like
12 weeks or something and I went on a
book tour and I've had so many of you
guys and it was a lot of tears and I was
very very excited and proud so I got to
work on my second book and I can't
believe they let me do a second book but
they did and this one is another
collection of short stories but it's a
little bit different because some of
them are really crazy personal and
really dark I talk about stuff I've
never fully explained we're talking
about I'd have a chapter all about I
suffered with bulimia for like eight
years I have a chapter about my first
gay hookup experience and it involving
Craigslist I'm a chapter about coming
out I have a lot of stuff that I think
is still really funny so don't want to
sound of a depressing book but you know
it's more personal more real so I'm just
I'm just so excited about it I think
it's so much better than the first book
I've worked so hard on it to make it
funnier and crazier and deeper and it's
done okay anyways so let's get to the
Q&A so I went on Twitter and said hey
guys ask me anything about my book for
my life and I'll tell you everything and
we'll go back first I shouldn't show you
this because I think it's so funny so
they were like who do you want to
dedicate the book to and I was like I
know exactly I should dedicate the book
to I'm dedicating it to you guys for
those who can't even okay so the first
question is from Jenn Stiles and she
says when does it come out okay so the
book comes out July 19 which is my
birthday which is kind of cool and it is
available for pre-order right now so
basically I know a lot of you guys like
why would I preorder a book I can just
go to the bookstore in July well
honestly it really really helps if you
guys pre-order now because it shows the
book world it shows the publisher it
shows the store it shows everybody that
people are excited about this book and
the more people that pre-order it now
the more excited this stores will be to
carry the more people will want me to
come on tour like the more states I'll
be able to go to because the vehicle
people are really excited about this
book it's important for some reason and
you guys pre-ordered it last time and it
meant the world to me so if you
pre-ordered it again it would mean even
more of the world it would be the galaxy
so yes I'll put the link right there and
in the description so please if you want
it's only 10 bucks $9.99
made it really cheap they wanted to do
like hardcover and this and that and I
was on girl mega and cheap as possible
but I know knob bitches don't want to
spend up going so it's real cheap so
please go preorder it and if you do
pre-order it fucking send me a snapshot
or screenshot or whatever the pre-order
and tweet it to me and I'll follow you
in on Instagram and I don't know I'm
just excited okay now let's get to the
deep questions Kayla wants to know when
did you lose your virginity and do talk
about it in the book I do talk about in
the book I lost my virginity at 23 years
old I think it was and it was first of
all I mean what's great was amazing but
sex is not what you see in porn you
don't mean so in my head I'm like okay
first of all I got to shave my asshole
because like every time I see a girl eat
a guy's asshole in a porno like there's
no hearing second of all I got to grow
five inches on my dick so like give me a
pill third of all I'm not gonna let her
eat anything because if she's choking
and gagging that part of my dick she's
gonna throw up
fourth of all I better find a soundproof
place because from what I've seen
there's a lot of screaming and the
occasional yell of hell but then when
the actual sex happened and started I'm
99% sure I was fully clothed I think it
was just like a little you know like out
the zipper and then when I got like on
top of her I was so scared across her I
was just like are you okay are you okay
are you fine right fine and she was like
yeah no I'm I'm fine you're fine which
is actually the perfect description of
my sex life fine but now it was magical
and it's all in the look ginger wants to
know what is your favorite chapter okay
let me look my favorite chapter is a
toss-up between
a chapter called the lottery which was a
story from a childhood when my mom was
like convinced that God told her we were
gonna win the lottery
it was insane it's a really funny
chapter if it's also kind of sad because
you know we're really poor or whatever
that other chapter I love is called my
Craigslist hookup so what happened was
basically okay so when I first came out
or right before I like officially came
out came out I was like okay I need to
like experiment with a guy I don't know
if I'm really into this I've never done
anything before but I think was too
scared to go on like tinder or anything
cuz I'm like what if people recognize me
and like what if I do something with
them and then they're like guess what
either was Shane Dawson and then
everybody's like Shane Dawson for a guy
like it was just so scary so I was like
a tinder doesn't work I went on Grindr
horrifying the story I have about being
on Grindr if you don't know what Brandi
is by the way it's like this really
creepy gay sex app which you're never
going to find this - right you're gonna
find mr. Wow those are a lot of words
and they're oozing and they need cream
so I have a really crazy story about
that basically I thought I was being
stalked by a serial killer on that app
read about the book so after going
through all these options I was like
really really desperate okay Craigslist
you know like I'll find somebody else
who's like too scared to do anything
with a guy and then I'll do something
with them and maybe it'll be like okay
cuz Craigslist is the place to go to buy
couches why did I think was a good idea
to try to find a dick there well guess
what it wasn't a good idea to find a
dick there did not go great so once
again wanted bad you're welcome it's in
the book Tremayne wants to know why does
it get worse you know what I was nervous
to call the book it gets worse because I
don't want people to think I'm making
fun of it gets better or I want people
to think it's like a negative book and
it's not so let me read you the intro to
the book which kind of explains it so
here we go hi my name is Shane Dawson
and I'm here to tell you that it gets
worse it really does the problems you
have this kid will seem ridiculous when
you get older because bigger and worse
problems will come along but you learn
to deal with them easier as you grow up
or like me you just stop giving a shit
so yes it gets worse but you know what
gets better your tolerance for bullshit
and then I go into a story about a bad
haircut that I got and also being called
human trash on the Internet basically
what I'm trying to say is you know all
the problems you have as a teenager are
awful and hard as you get older they get
crazier and worse and way more stressful
but you just get kind of jaded and you
just realize that life is fucking cool
and like what's the worst case scenario
you die okay like there's so many more
other crazy important things in the
world to worry about than like our
problems so it gets better well you get
better at dealing with it Cassandra
wants to know are there any horror
stories in the book so my first book I
wrote a chapter about my grandma and her
death and
lot of you guys liked it and tweeted me
about it and I'm so happy you liked it
because I was really hard when for me to
write this book I have part two to that
which is when I grandma visited me in my
closet about five years ago and I had
ghost hunters come to my house and then
I had to go to a medium and I talked to
my grandma and she touched me it was
like a really intense experience and
kind of scary so I wrote about that book
alright here's a little passage from the
chapter which is called the ghost of my
grave everyone in the room started to
get emotional we could all feel her
presence and we could feel that she
wanted to communicate so badly but she
couldn't then we heard a knock the ghost
hunter says Ethel if you're having
trouble crossing over to the other side
give us a knock we can help you
silence no not the ghost hunter looks at
me and says if she isn't having trouble
crossing over and that means she came
here to tell you something or help you
in some way so I spoke up grandma is
there something you want to tell me no
and then the rest of the chapter is me
figuring out what my grandma's trying to
tell me so I thought ginger wants to
know is there going to be a book tour
yes there is I hopefully I'm going to be
going so many places last time I think I
went to 14 different cities this time
I'm hoping that I'll be able to go to
different countries like maybe the UK
maybe Canada once again it also depends
on pre-orders so I need to keep asking
you guys for money but the more of you
that pre-order the book more chance
there is that I'll be able to go more
places because the book company will be
like oh yeah all these people want Shane
so like I want to go to the UK so bad
I've never been there that's like my
goal my goal is to go there with the
book tour so oh so have can you imagine
all the treats can you imagine all the
thumbnails of me eating food whole all
the UK foods up what a dream oh my god
Canada I do a video eating poutine by
the way I know poutine is good but like
chill the fuck down no I mean like it's
not everything like I had it at one
place it was like pretty good like the
cheese curds were perfectly melted
everything was
into another place and like the gravy
was white that cheese currents were hard
the fries don't even be started about
talking about a fucking bullet baby
dicks just girthy little fries hated it
so Canada if you have like a dish that
you're like super well known for can you
please kill it all over the place and
stop killing it like it half the blazes
you better Massacre that ship it hi
Shane this is the book company Canada
never wants you coming well Shelly wants
to know how is the photo shoot process
oh my god
bro my restaurant photo shoots are my
personal hell I hate everything about
them and people always say like washing
your so chill at photo shoots like
you're so quiet you say yes everything
you like don't complain you know why
cuz the whole time in my head I'm going
oh my god oh my god I want to go I want
to die I want to die I hate it I hate
anybody taking my picture a selfie I got
this perfect angle perfect lighting a
little bit of touch-up somebody else
taking the camera Oh in a second they
say you know what let's get a full body
shot I have a damn full body panic
attack oh and then they have a table set
of a snatch like Oh Shane like while
you're waiting you know we have bagels
with cream cheese
we have chex mix we have Cheetos we're
beer I'm like what are you trying to do
you're trying maybe pop out of my pants
cuz that's gonna happen you try to make
this on fatter than an audience you try
to make the snake album so yes I have a
lot of issues but luckily we did get
some good pictures
this one by the way I posted this
picture on Instagram and some of the
comments were like Shane I love you the
message so fuckin edited in so face to
bec done you look like you like what the
fuck is wrong with you you're so sad
first of all pictures are different when
they're taken in professional light and
professional cameras and professional
people that are taking them it's not a
fucking selfie like it's going to look
better
also the anything they did was literally
changing the color they put makeup on me
so that's just me and makeup just punch
it for the gods it's not Photoshop like
they didn't give me a new face I wanted
what I asked I give them a picture of
Zac Efron
and they said no shame because then
people be really confused cuz that
Heffron could never read a book I'm just
kidding exactly I love you so there you
guys go hopefully you enjoyed this Q&A I
know I don't really do Q&A ever so I
hope you guys were bored by that but I
promise I'm gonna have a really cool
short film coming to promote this book
on my main channel I just wrote this
like slasher horror comedy thing and
it's gonna have a lot of youtubers in it
and it's going to be like my book
release party and it's gonna be a lot of
fun so I'm going to be working on that
so hopefully you guys will love that but
for now it would mean literally the
world to me if you went to them link and
pre-order the book you can get it at
Amazon or Barnes & Nobles or anywhere
they have books online all the links
will be below and I don't know maybe we
can make it number one already I think
if you pre-ordered enough I think I
could be number one on like Amazon and
Barnes it up on stuff that would be
fucking crazy and hopefully that would
allow you to go to more places to see
you guys and before everybody's like oh
Shane just wants money money money money
this is not a money thing a money thing
would be like hi this is aw root beer
ooh and delicious hashtag spots like
that's money girl and if I wanted to do
stuff like that I would this is just
something I'm really passionate about
I've always loved writing and never
thought it would turn into writing books
but it has and it has given me so much
joy I am so proud of this book so proud
of it it's so excited and I know you
guys are gonna fucking love it so I
don't feel bad asking you to buy it
because I know you're gonna fucking love
it so yes go I and I can't wait to come
to your states hopefully and meet you
and give you hugs and fucking snapchat
us doing weird shit alright I'm gonna go
I love you guys thank you for supporting
me for so long for those of you who are
new here welcome thank you for enjoying
my videos and I'm happy I've been able
to make you laugh
and for those of you who have been
around for a long time oh my god I'm not
gonna cry that's I can't I cried too
much thank you so much for not going and
for sticking around and I know that
there's some videos I post on here that
the people who've been around for a wire
like oh my god
like we're over the galaxy we're over
DIYs were over you eating stuff but you
still stick around because once in a
while you know you'll see something that
reminds you of the old change I just
want to tell you this book is what you
loved back in 2008 when you started
watching my videos it is full of old
shame and it's very very personal and
you guys are going to love it and I
can't wait to make sure films based on
the chapters and I'm just excited about
this whole year so alright hello guys
hey Jodi this video clip is kind of the
negative it is a physical day and I will
see you little readers tomorrow
