hey guys yes it's that time again I am
by my blender and I'm not making a
protein chain I'm making the total
opposite I am making a let's ruin
everything we just did at the gym Jake
so I've done the birthday cake shake
I've done the Reese's shake so what's
next
nothing Shane maybe you should stop
maybe you should actually help me maybe
she go to Whole Foods maybe she get some
chicken no now today today we are going
to be doing the ultimate donut shake I
love Donuts
oh my god I'm Oprah I love bread okay so
I got everything that tastes like donuts
or has to do with donuts and just a lot
of stuff that has nothing to do with
donuts but I was very hungry
and I'm pretty sure the cashier thought
I was very high maybe because I was
buying all this food and I still have
remnants of my glitter beard from my
last video anyways okay we're gonna
start with the ice cream face now they
didn't have donut ice cream although Ben
and Jerry's please get on that so I got
peanut butter cookies and chocolate
brownie cuz I feel like you know like
you put those two things together and
like that's hella Gunilla like I'm doing
the math you know I mean like peanut
butter cookie is kind of like the base
of the donut and chocolate ani kinda
like a frosting on top and like together
they're both gonna be gone by day
tonight music oh my god I love Ben and
Jerry's so much honestly Ben and Jerry's
the reason I became bisexual like I love
Sara Lee but like give me Ben & Jerry's
too you know oh my god oh my let's just
take a minute just air it oh that little
brownie chunk oh my god okay what one
scoop in there and you know I
accidentally put another word here over
you saw that oh my god hmm you know
those nights where you like you know
what nobody's missing me naked anyways
oh that's tonight I mean that's every
night being honest with you but making
the most of it alright all let's break
open this peanut butter cookie what is
she doing in the middle your little
asshole there what is that oh it's the
core hmm oh my god
first we got the little tasty test oh
there's chunks okay this is what is it
called spectacular spectacular the chewy
thinker at Marcus's mom Ben and Jerry's
chill out that's wrong that's so good
that's wrong if she raised her hand in
classes she thought
answer to that complicated asked
question I was a teacher I was like
bitchy wrong she was so right
oh all right two scoops of that I'll get
some that core in there fuck love that
sound
now we're gonna go go out of the box
because I was thinking you know donuts
what are doing I'm filled with so
sometimes you feel look like jelly or
Jam and I'm not about that jelly or Jam
twice when I make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich it's peanut butter and
marshmallow fluff but this is called
glaze for strawberries and honestly I
could go as four days oh my god oh that
tastes like oh my god what does it mean
it tastes like honestly if you cut me
open this is what it would be and that's
what it tastes like pour some of that in
that oh fuck oh shit okay what's next
ooh circus cookies now service cookies
can kind of taste like little donut so
good well frosted if you haven't had
these please get the fuck out of my
house I used to make little on games
with them like I would play with them
and be like how sure you want to be my
friend okay what should we do first well
if you go on a hike or we can hang out
play board games or we can do something
inactive hmm I got a better idea
Oh friendship goals okay what's next
what's next sprinkled donut crunch my
Captain Crunch Oh Cap'n you know how to
keep it happen I hate myself so I love
the fact that Captain Crunch decided
like hey you know what's better than my
normal sugary cereal even more sugar and
some frosting and some sprinkles Cap'n
Crunch is actually me making a video
oh god these are good having tried this
before I don't know if I'm eating the
whole fucking block right now oh my god
all right I gotta get that roll editor
oh my god now Little Debbie
you know she brings those mini powdered
Donuts we all love to put on our fingers
and eat one by one in the movie theaters
what you don't do that oh you're the
person that gets really annoying the
theaters where did that come from
beautify that in here you get power
everywhere well fuck you because this
daddy's little treat nobody can take it
away from them oh my god I could look at
doughnut for months
all right let's pop two of those
American just find out you now we need
some liquids now first I'm gonna throw
in some milk I'm not gonna do normal
milk I saw these and I actually screamed
in the aisle if you can
snapchat you can watch that well it'll
be gone by the time this video goes up
but it was that they have a peep-toe
hard milk now
what first of all the cow is so excited
he's freaking out because he's like oh
my god nobody's gonna be milking me
today like my utters are full and I can
like slay the fucking farm with my
utters and the peeps are like what we
got a good milk how's that this one is
strawberry three about taste test I
don't really know what it is flavored
milk would be a quite understand that oh
wait it's white but it's strawberry
confused I've never made that noise in
my life I just be the noise of an orca
whale actual black fish alright we're
putting that in right now Oh God oh okay
they also have chocolate peep grow break
it open let's do this peeps if you're
watching this you need to pat your
little peep self on the back I know you
don't have arms I know you can't do that
find somebody else to do it for you
because you deserve a little pat cuz
this is the shit oh my god I was not
expecting this okay now we're going to
add some pink frosting because life just
a big old scoop of that oh now I've
heard a lot about sweet condensed milk
from well nobody I just always wanted to
try so we're gonna put some of that in
there too
oh my god so thing I've never tried this
but it's the most fattening thing in the
planet so why is God so good hi welcome
to church do you know what if you're
gonna actually drink this thing you have
to be drunk so we got some whipped cream
vodka oh I love that glove gloves down
romantic childhood and now it is time
but we've all been waiting for the queen
of the ball the doughnuts okay we're
just gonna put one in there oh my god
first of all I mean come the fuck on
yeah right on top and let's see if this
thing really blends it might not
he's got shaking around a little bit I
love hearing the struggle oh yeah ready
time to decorate the cup so I got some
pink icing I thought it'd be fun to put
a little with a bomb on okay so it's
kind of put some of that oh my god I
love roasting so much I could cry okay
I'm just gonna circle around the cup oh
oh it's so pretty you know it's going to
take a picture of what I've done so far
just remind myself to never do it again
all right time to pour it is a beautiful
red velvet color I'm obsessed with it oh
my god slipping through the cracks of
something oh okay I mean I'm gonna be
honest it looks like kind of gross kind
of like vomit but I love them okay so
now scorching to add some whipped cream
because it would be a shame shake
without a bunch of wood great we got
change shakes my next career after this
fails okay and then ooh sprinkles on top
of that these little stars cuz I felt
like it was more don't any than the
other sprinkles oh my god it's beautiful
oh you know I know my guys are like
Shane that is pretty but like it could
be prettier it's kind of boring whoo
well we're in edit doing it but first
I'm gonna frost her up because I want
her to look like a classic jumper I want
her that back Simpsons pink frosting by
the way you know when you go to
Universal Studios and they sell those
enormous pink Donuts and you think
nobody needs that nobody actually eats
that children ate that I saw children
eating and not shit eating the entire
thing literally children goals oh my god
guys guys look what I mean look what I
fucking made oh my god oh my god ha ha
crowd this is what it's like to give
birth oh this is exactly what it's like
okay let's try it one two three oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god I need other people to try to where
I need friends neighbors know they'll
hate me and you've literally anybody got
literally enemies I don't care anybody
should try this this is so fucking good
freely I know you're against this
there's a lot of ingredients are not
vegan but come try this oh my god guys
I'm gonna go because I have a mitt I
have something to do I have a lot to do
right now but make sure to give this
video a thumbs up it subscribe you
deserve smooth day and I will see you
tomorrow
10 pounds heavier covered in doughnuts
just the thought of gooey gooey on my
face makes me sick I'm coughing all this
shit up oh my god so gross
hi I'm Shane Dawson this is me what was
that you're scared me too
