gosh I am so excited you have no idea
what's about to happen so I thought that
this idea that could possibly break us
up wow that's a lot of possibilities
true so I have always wanted to take but
I've always been too afraid to take a
lie detector test about what about us
oh so you'd be like quizzing me to find
out if I've ever like cheated on you or
something oh my god it wasn't good
thinking about that oh my god okay so I
thought about this idea last night and
then I was like this is a really bad
idea that could possibly end in me
murdering my boyfriend so then I called
up a guy and we're making it happen so I
did a quick google and I found a guy
really close to me named John Grogan
this is not sponsored he literally said
I need to bring him $200 cash this is
like a drug deal okay wait let's
practice hold on okay so I think the way
lie-detector tests work is based on
heart rate so like if your heart rate
goes up that means you're longing cuz
you're nervous but if your heart rate
slows down that means you're calm which
means you're telling the truth see I
don't know how accurate that can
actually be well let's test it taking
your heart wait let me see if I can feel
your heart oh there it is okay I'm gonna
ask you a question and you say yes or
not okay okay
have you ever been fucking me and wished
that I was a Paul brother
no that's true do you watch porn because
you're not attracted to me
I think it's true that's so sad like do
I wish you were 250 pounds in like 60
years old and that's what you watch what
that's the porn why okay
I just got a text from the lie detector
test guy I need said that I should come
with all of my questions for pay so I am
sitting here trying to come up with
questions that are intentionally ruin my
life okay I don't even know what I
actually want to know see here's the
thing I feel very confident and
comfortable and safe in this
relationship so I don't have anything
I'm like really wanting to know oh god
one do you think my ass looks fat naked
actually no this is gonna be easy
okay wait what else should I ask about
my dick no yes when I make jokes about
killing myself do you tell your mom
about it and say you're scared do you
want kids with me do you want kids with
me but do you want to use your sperm oh
my god the questions are writing
themselves okay I literally opened up my
Instagram page I want to go through and
like look back at memories and see if he
was lying like when you took this
picture of me laying on a pool floatie
made out of bags of chips were you
thinking I'm out oh my god or like the
first time we had sex
did you tell your friends that it was
bad this is gonna be bad okay we're on
our way I'm freaking out I'm literally
sweating look at this I mean that's not
new but I'm nervous are you nervous yes
and no you should be no I think we need
to make a pact that whatever happens
we're still gonna love each other just
the same okay can we make that same pact
about if I get fat okay wait let's
actually make a pact c'mere poquito okay
no matter what happens today no matter
if the answers are not what we want to
hear or if we believe that they're wrong
we will not break up
I'll let this affect our relationship
uh-huh and even if it says we're lying
but we swear we're not you have to
believe each other okay okay we are
right outside of it I am so nervous wait
a minute who is that oh no literally who
is that when's the last time you shaved
I brought well it looks really good
that's a lot don't get it no okay I
asked Gary to come because I wanted to
film this for us because I want to get a
whole perspective I want to see the
whole experience wait who's asking me
questions him are you what's happening I
actually have no idea I wrote down some
questions and I'm really nervous for him
to read them out loud cuz they're a lot
literally like oh my god I mean a lot of
questions about my whole but we're not
gonna get into it now
no I'm kidding but there is one about my
balls all right let's go
hi okay we're here first of all what's
your name I'm John and certified
polygraph calm John I'm very very
nervous mainly because I'm seeing this
what is what what we're gonna read
microscopic changes to your blood sweat
and breathing as you answer yes or no
questions
oh no should he sit in the pink chair
since he's gay
whatever you want okay so you're gonna
go first okay I think so right
all right how do we do it I'm so
unexpectedly nervous
have you prepared your yes or no
questions of importance yes okay well I
can wire somebody up now or I can
discuss how a polygraph is done yeah
let's talk about like how it actually
works we're gonna be watching a green
wiggly line which is somewhat the squid
at your fingers that looks like my
weight well mountains is good your sweat
goes crazy on one of the questions of
importance that either means you lied or
you move so we asked you not to move
trades not nervous because it's you're
going to first oh my heart's already
beating fast just because I don't want
this to end poorly for us what do you
mean what's the worst that could happen
come on we break up I throw in traffic
oh okay so yeah so let's strap him up
I have to sit down first is stomach this
will let us know if you hold your breath
which is a fail or if the question takes
over your breath away that's fair
if that doesn't fit around my stomach
I'm armed up we're gonna put the blood
pressure cuff on your left arm it's a
little closer to the heart that's your
third book a little closer to the heart
you think I'm gonna survive to write
another one this is the most the most
sensitive if you move your feet during
the test it'll make the sweater your
fingers go up and make you fail so you
need to answer yes or no with your mouth
only no head movement I'm so nervous
this is very triggering all right we're
just waiting for to match on them
probably three minutes okay do you have
any like super uncomfortable situations
like you've ever had a couple come in
here and the guy gets busted like
cheating and then you just have to go
oil it's happened many times so how
accurate oh that's so accurate you
cannot become a police officer without
passing a polygraph test and one out of
three applicants fails okay this dude's
careful
suddenly I'm leaving oh that's the name
of your book suddenly I'm leaving
every time he answers a question we're
watching the right edge to see what
happened to his blood sweat while we're
breathing up for breathing most
important is the sweat do you want to do
a simple one with you watching the
screen so you can see what it's like
yeah okay
we're watching the right edge as you
answer some questions so let's see how
you do do you live in California yeah
and this is your sweat do you feel
you're the best-looking person in this
room at this time no holy moley see a
lot more sweat up but then on the first
question so that's a lot do you think
you're more attractive than us no you
got a great face thank you without alive
well he moves shall we oh we don't know
you went right in on that one yeah
literally I'm so nervous that spiked a
lot yeah I'm freaking out now oh it's
ready to start the test whenever you
like
okay first question do you love me yes
that is true oh my god but you relieved
Ryland because it's just like I feel
like even if I breathe a certain way
it's gonna go trigger that machine to
say something different and then we're
gonna have a real-life fight after this
no no wait have you ever cheated on me
no crew oh I don't know Wyatt I could
have been real why would I cheat on you
that serves me in no way
like that so far oh my god okay okay
this is have you ever been tempted to
cheat on me No
again true mileage you're such a good
parent offer so much then why would I
want to cheat on you
now you're overdoing it no like I know
there ain't no next question have you
ever texted or flirted with other guys
while we've been dating
again a hundred percent true oh my god
why are you so good I don't deserve you
oh my god this is going good okay next
question how do you ever thought about
another youtuber while we're having sex
no he's telling the truth Oh same
youtuber is there that I'm like oh I
have thought about the guy from worth it
but that's just cuz you look just like
him and I'm thinking about in my
critiquing window whoa
I'm just saying like if it's no I cut
next question do you wish that I had abs
still telling the truth really yeah I
think that would make me like jealous do
you want to have kids yeah I'm I'm
always the one that what says I want
kids I know but I think you just say it
like you know I don't know for like and
not only kids I want to pick I want a
horse well that's a lot of things I want
to wrap it we really yes I so I've told
you that many times when I'm like 31 or
32 now I'm scared
okay say Amy took me to okay do you see
yourself marrying me that is a loaded
question
to have on camera I just asked you about
kids I know but it just feels very
intense okay ask again okay do you see
us getting married yes his breathing
collapsed every other question I'm a
will arise my finger between the
breathing's not that much I held my
breath because IRAs nerve that's a lot
to say on the internet like what's house
cooking like this is exploiting your
relationship on the Internet
hi welcome to youtube.com plus Shane
okay do you think we're gonna get
married yes
true
when this becomes a proposal video no
proposing in this room you better take
me to fucking Mexico I'm gonna cry okay
are you actually okay with me hanging
out with my exes all the time yes
he had a problem about money literally
Garrett is in the room with us right now
well not okay yeah he's telling the
truth
oh here's the thing I know that you like
me a lot
I'm very confident in our relationship
yeah I'm very also I don't want to Bogar
at the moment but like exes i-i've never
even consider in a bed once and had an
uncomfortable moment we can place yeah
we did do you consider yourself more of
a bottom than a top a shame I just I
don't know I'm just asking a question
okay asking you good do you consider
yourself more of a bottom than top
No
you failed that one in what relationship
honestly do you think you're more
attractive than me
she's telling the truth Oh what are you
something about a check it means a lot
of things okay last question
have you ever thought about where you
would move to and we broke up no truth
again you must days
true I mean you can't spend every day
with somebody and not go sick of them
every once in a while
wait-wait-wait-wait a little happy
things marriage kids you love me yes but
every perfect relationship has problems
that's a fact
can you think of anything I mean we
haven't hooked up oh my god guys we are
leaving the lie-detector place and I've
literally looked down and I see this
left it there just in case
oh my god oh my god that was so intense
I'm so scared I also love you so much
more now that I know that you really
love me well yeah that was the whole
point of this was to make sure that we
were a fit for each other and can I tell
you something like as one of Shane's
best friends like that makes me feel so
much better about you guys I always do
about you were like it's just so
validating to like hear those things is
so nice it's just cool to hear when
somehow intentions are so clear it's
really nice and I feel really good and I
thought it was gonna be funny and dumb
or whatever but it actually really kind
of changed my life a little bit I think
it changed our life our lives ticket I
will never feel self-conscious around
you there's somebody doing an actual
drug deal he literally had like $2,000
oh my god no but like you know I'll
never feel self-conscious I'll never
feel bad about myself you think I'm more
attractive than you like guys make sure
to go over to brown this channel
subscribe and check out the video where
he gives me a lie detector test and I'll
give you a sneak peek I did not pass it
alright guys make sure to subscribe and
hit the notification Bella make new
videos every day go to Gary's channel
and I'll be giving him a lie detector
test soon I'm so straight no you're not
that freaks me out I think I see
tomorrow bisexual since we've been
dating
you ever wished that you were actually
with a girl
