heads up my little beauty hackers yes it
is time again for me to destroy my face
and have everybody tomorrow at the gym
say wow Shane why are you covered in
glitter how many gay clubs did you get
up and then I say no gay clubs a lot of
rows new jobs oh my life so yes today we
have some hats and I'm nervous about a
few of them um mainly because they
involve cinnamon and like me and
cinnamon don't mix I mean like in a role
we do make you know I mean like in a
cinnamon roll
oh we mix but when it comes to just
straight-up cinnamon that's a lot of
burning that's a lot of itching that's
just a lot of fire but it's fine because
today we are going to take a risk and we
are going to put a bunch of shit on my
face that's a good daily affirmation to
save yourself in the mirror in the
morning anyways let's get started okay
number one crayon eyebrows what just
happened hi I'm Shane on 12 just with
your puberty what's your name so
basically how this is supposed to work
is you're supposed to fill in your
eyebrows with a cramp now I don't need
to fill in these brows cuz I don't know
if you've noticed but I have actual
pubic hair on my face I have a literal
pussy landing strip above my eye I could
braid my fucking eyebrows that's how
long they are so I guess the only thing
for me to do is make them even bigger
alright here we go let's zoom into these
babies wolf I mean look at that first of
all when I'm old they're gonna be crazy
you know what you see guys have eyebrows
it is like fucking everywhere and they
just look like they just got fucking
electrocuted I mean I already look like
that right so let's see how real it
looks whoa oh wow
okay I'm definitely defining the brow oh
my god okay so I'm just thickening
enough is it working yes I mean if by
working you mean it looks like I dip my
fingers in chocolate and smeared it
above my eyes which I've done before I
get excited when I'm eating pudding and
I eat it with my fingers like get away
from me with your fucking spoon you have
a spoon right here God gave it to you oh
yeah wait a minute is this not doing
anything oh my god that's so depressing
I literally thought it was working
because my eyebrows are so fucking thick
that's just my eyebrow they're just
fucking look like they were drawn here
let's try a different color let's just
go straight-up black
okay it's working Oh a little bit oh
yeah look at that I'm gonna keep it real
that doesn't look too bad right like I
kind of look like the grandpa from Hey
Arnold and I also kind of look like hell
but for some reason I look so much
smarter on this side of my face like
look hello children welcome to my
youtube channel where I talk about books
and theories and conspiracy theories and
then on this side it's like today we
have a galaxy ice-cream cone
I'm also going to be doing a meal where
I put Taco Bell in it
talk about it in Els that makes zero
sense that is actually chemists really
impossible for you to do doesn't matter
yes
I'm living for my two-faced look all
right what's next cinnamon and OH
cinnamon and Vaseline on my lips to
plump them I'm slowly but surely turning
myself into Zachary Quinto okay by the
way just imagine me at the grocery store
like hi yes can I get the crayons aha
and the cinnamon and what's your largest
size of a saline jar does not get
Krieger that I love the snow it smells
like a long-term relationship you know I
mean like you don't use this for like a
hookup like you use this when like momma
and daddy are ready to put the kids to
bed and Scoob alright so I guess what
we're gonna do a little bit of this on
my lip yes and then do we just oh god
cinnamon on top oh oh my god oh it's so
intense okay here we go
dip it dip ewwww oh no oh God
burning okay that means just working so
hopefully this will make my lips real
plump by the way is that a thing why
don't people want plump lips I don't
understand and this whole process is so
complicated and then some people get
that stuff put into it with like a shot
and needle you know it's so much easier
to get punched in the face and it's so
easy to get punched in the face just
have this face alright I've had this
stuff on my lips for a while and I don't
know it's anything happening am i
beautiful yet let's take it off and see
nope just sad normal lips actually not
normal I have been told that I have no
upper lip and if you look from the side
it disappears
but then I got this fatty acid on the
bottom maybe I should get injections now
just get punched in the face alright so
next I'm really excited about this
I'm about to do a glitter beard now
I've seen these all over the Internet
that's a lie no I haven't literally just
seen Joey do this like that's it I don't
even know why anybody would do this why
am I even doing this you know how hard
it's gonna be to get glitter out of my
beer especially since I don't wash my
face never have never will okay so I got
these glitter glues from the store whoo
oh my god galaxy beard huh I'm fucking
ready okay so this is the blue one what
is this shit oh this is literally glue
oh my god wait what this is just
literally bit of glue on my face can I
do that is that healthy these glamorous
sparkling colors will make your projects
even more unique and bold I don't need
this face to be any more unique if
anything I just want to blend it a
little bit more ideal for paper cloth
and crafts
it does not say face or beard whatever
I'm gonna trust it because it's Elmer's
and their mascot is a cow and I trust
cows by the way did you know you can't
tip account cal tipping is anything you
just run up and hit them and they move
literally what people do to me at the
club wait I feel like we should do pink
I feel like that pops all right here we
go first of all Elmer's you know what
this looks like why are you giving this
job children this looks a lot like
something their mama has under her bed
and you do not want to get those two
things confused honey what are you doing
with that my science fair project this
glue is so much better than the other
one mom it's so sticky it really sticks
and it vibrates when you use it it look
really close to paper well and when it
vibrates it shakes my whole arm
I love Zion all right here we go all
right I guess we're just gonna Oh
literally a gay pervert ha ha ha does it
just keep going do all feels all boy
hate it oh it's gonna rip all my hair
out whatever okay it's gonna keep going
shit it like smooth it in oh there we go
just a grown man putting glitter glue on
his face using the crayon just smooth it
out I can't wait till one day I have
children and I show them this and say
this is why I took daddy so long to find
somebody to make you with oh my god um
hi I look good right like this is not
bad like
could have been worse I mean it's kind
of killing it almost everything it's
almost nothing though it's a little bit
of something oh that's a good tagline
for me hi I'm Shane Dawson I'm not
everything but I'm something I mean the
smell is a lot okay I feel like this is
good whoo it's dirty it's actually
scolding my face but it's worth it it
also just looks like I ate out of these
like a big fucking peeve came to my
house and like listen I don't want a
relationship I don't want to call you my
boyfriend but you go eat this pinkish
and I was like well I'm hungry and
lovely so I love this okay I need a
selfie hold on I mean if this isn't
Instagram what is all right I'm not
gonna wash this off I'm just gonna leave
this for the rest of the video I am
feeling myself and I am feeling very
sticky and really gross so yuck hot
cocoa facemask it's just gonna get
grosser so basically you're supposed to
rub cocoa powder and Vaseline and honey
all over your face and it's supposed to
not give you massive amounts of pimples
hey our CL beauty
I missed a real quick you know that when
you eat too much chocolate you like
break out a little bit okay now imagine
uh covering your face in chocolate what
that would do I'm gonna give you in here
it's gonna Galaxy your whole face and
not in the fun way in the oh my god
that's so many stars so many pimples boo
that be fun though you have all the
pimples on your face and then you galaxy
your face and then you pop all the
pimples and you're like oh it's just my
Milky Way oh that was too gross even for
me all right let's make this nasty-ass
face mask all right so let's just put
some cocoa powder in here oh and this is
the good kind of that
oh you got a head sugar to it
oh my god if that's a chocolate tasted
like I would have never been family
first place all right so let's just
scoop some of this in there LuAnn it's
time for the honey oh I love her so much
I got the generic ass one look at this
brand it's called nice really nice
that's all you got honey why don't you
call him sexy nice I put on this new
dress for you I try to look cute
you I put on a bra for you and now you
gotta say it's nice is it funny one tell
me Tommy I'm gay
oh yeah that explains a lot all right
now we are going to take this disgusting
mixture and mix it up oh oh no oh it's
everywhere this is such a bad idea
oh I hate this why does this Guru shit
have to be so damn messy ah all right
here we go let's clear all my tips by
using actual chocolate oh yeah I know
this is working
oh the feeling of it oh my god this is
my nightmare by the way I don't know if
you guys know this about me but I hate
the feeling of anything on my face
especially love dude the gooeyness oh I
hate it I hate gooey gooey anywhere near
my face yes you heard me right sorry
boys
oh my god boo-boo porn
whoo I hate it whenever I watch a broken
on a face mask I start screaming just
the thought of gooey gooey on my face
makes me sick I'm coughing all this shit
up oh my god so gross
hi I'm Shane Dawson this is me what was
that you're scared me too
well there you guys go those are my
beauty hacks today guess what I don't
know what happened what did I even do I
don't fucking know whatever it was fun
right I'm gonna go to the store like
this why not all right you guys
hopefully your fucking hack with me I've
got hack will do you make Jenny's video
a thumbs up and subscribe today and
leave you some hacks in the comments and
maybe I'll try them and hopefully fail
miserably because that's what you want
and I'll see you little hackers tomorrow
Oh me low real I don't know why I'm
singing for each of these cakes but I
kind of love that I'm serenading my
bitches okay oh she's breaking yeah so
funny cuz none of this is fit this is
all real I am this excited about food
