hey if you guys really quick before this
video starts I just want to let you know
that there's a brand new episode of my
podcast out right now I'll put the link
down there it's SoundCloud calm slash a
new friends there's no guests at this
time it was just me my co-host talking
about random shit for like an hour but
it's really really funny I was really
sick and on a lot of medicine so I was
kind of drunk and talking a lot of shit
so if you want to hear about sex and
drugs and relationships and celebrities
at Farrah Abraham you're gonna love it
so check that out and I will see you
guys in the video hey another guys I've
never been more excited in my life I'm
actually crying I'm actually can you say
it out of here
because today I'm going to be trying a
whole fucking shitload of Cheesecake
Factory cheesecakes ha ha ha oh my god
I'm gonna die oh my god I'm dying I'm
dying I'm dying I see help oh god
they're just playing full house on loop
get me out of here yes I'm so excited by
the way this is not sponsored it would
be really sad if it was like Cheesecake
Factory is like hi we need a sponsor
somebody who looks like they eat a lot
of cheesecake oh shit you Dawson
yeah that's fuckin sad anyways I have I
don't even know how many like 10 or
something you forgot a cheesecake I'm so
excited to try them some of them I'm not
gonna lie I've definitely had before
kind of like an old lover you know I
mean like comfortable with them like you
know how they fuck those gross you know
what I mean like you know how they move
you know how they feel you know how they
taste and you just can't wait to slide
back into bed with them and just put
them in your face isn't it either the
whole time I was saying that sexual
analogy all I was thinking about was
eating cheesecake that's why I'm single
let's start eating okay first first
first we were to start with the Queen
we're gonna start with her majesty we
were gonna do start with the new
president of the United States of
America
miss Reese's Peanut Butter Cup oh my God
look at her layers she has so many
layers like she has so much death she is
the opposite of me
do you remember Trek when he's like oh
my god kids we have so many layers I'm
like a lemon you know I mean like one
layer you bite into it that's all you
get and it's a really fucking sour and
intense and it makes you cry and if you
eat too much of it you get mouth
but enough about me and my sadness let's
talk about her oh my god okay I'm gonna
take from the tip because I feel like
that's where all the goodness is oh oh
oh sorry you guys missed that let me
give you a reenactment it was like oh
okay here we go
I love how she just keeps tipping over
but she doesn't fall over me no not me
actually all right here we go oh you
couldn't hear that but I just scare the
shit out of all the dogs on the block
this is the best by the way if you go to
the Cheesecake Factory which if you're
like me you go nightly make sure to ask
for the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
not Adams crazy Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup because that's very much different
Adam is bringing too much to the
equation now recess is bringing just the
right amount of flavor it is sad that I
know all of that next she's gay given
the given is s'mores give miss moss give
me give miss more ha ha ha oh my god oh
my god okay hold on you'll see that
toasted marshmallow on top oh man just
imagine the sad worker in the back just
torching that shit thinking about her
life thinking about her choices hoping
that she books that big movie role she's
been waiting for she won't Torche okay
so this right here this is layers you
got layers at the bottom you got a
graham cracker crust in the middle you
got a chocolate finish on the top you
got this hard shell and then here you've
got this more action and on the side
you've got this graham cracker you know
you can do you can literally break this
graph and a half but nobody's going to
feel the great work on top make a little
smaller sandwich boy I should work at
the Cheesecake Factory actually no can
you imagine how intense I would be as
the waiter I would be that waiter that
the second I walk away you make sure I'm
gone make sure I can't hear you and then
you go what the fuck is wrong with him
that's me
all right let's take a little off this
oh fuck something about you okay oh my
god you know what there's also this
little ditty on the side you got this
little book crane with these little
Grammys on top Oh can't forget about
this little marshmallow oh fuck
all right here we go oh that was a happy
bird oh my god I'm back at summer camp
no no no no no
that's the opposite of summer campus
summer camp by the way we were forced to
go in fifth grade I don't have this
happen to you but we were forced it was
called camp high hill and I'm pretty
sure it was ran by trauma Lester's
because let me explain to you how it
works first of all they put you in this
bunker with like all these other kids
and then they say you have 45 seconds to
take your clothes off and take a shower
and get out of the shower and if you're
not done a forty-five seconds we're
gonna open the door and everybody's
gonna see your ass naked also there was
holes in the fucking wall so you could
just look inside of the shower by the
way when you're in a bunker full of boys
you just say puberty and you have tits
well they're all getting feel even if
you don't want also I've peed the bed so
I had to bring a plastic sheet to sleep
inside of and then I had to wake up in
the morning earlier than everybody else
and take the plastic sheet out and
fucking wring it out in the lake and
then like take it back inside if
somebody saw me I'd be like oh it's just
my big parachute cuz I'm a parachute er
oh no yeah camp was awful and I are
poison ivy on my balls which my camp
counselor was very happy to help me lick
off so next Tuesday
Oh blow real I don't know why I was
singing for each of these cakes but I
kind of love that I'm serenading my
bitches okay ha she's breathing so funny
cuz none of this is fit this is all real
I am this excited about food okay so
look look at her from the side so she
got laid
she got some Oreos deep tub inside of
her ass she got this little doodlebop on
top I don't know what that is looks like
low booty pop looks like a little poopoo
but I don't care I'm gonna fuck it up
then on the side hey guys Oreo chip I
don't know what that is it's not a real
Oriole in generic Oreo but look how big
she is never mind it's a real Oreo huh
where did they get these from look at
these are the sides of my head oh my god
wish so much we could do with this okay
okay
I'm just gonna start with my friend here
we go Oh oh my god this smell that
smells like a youtubers house you know
just Oreos everywhere a lot of Oreo
challenges by the way if you go to any
youtubers house and you open their cover
it's so filled with snacks you would
think with a fat camp and you just open
up like a fat kids mattress it's just
Oreos and pop-tarts and Pringles and a
lot challenges and I started all of that
I'm the king of the fatties let's take a
quick oh come on
go go go on OOP all right just turn to
another prison oh my god okay
speaking of youtubers this tastes like
all of them mixed
never wrong way this hits like all the
youtubers - the frankerz yeah no way
this thing's like all the British ones
like real cute real sweet real sugary
like I just bid - a selfie you know
saying like I just been to a calf relief
oh it's giving me some Sun this one by
the way is so it like if you like sweet
stuff that's one thing so you really
have to like sweet you gave me what
those people that's like oh I just like
a lot of vanilla milkshake cuz it just
like gives me what I want like no you
have to be that bitch it's like you know
what I love a vanilla milkshake with
Donuts in it and it sprinkles on top and
frosting at the bottom and yogurt on the
side and circus cookies blended in and
then you know you just put some hard
magic shell on top you stick a straw in
it made out of candy and then you
deep-fried it put some powdered sugar on
top and then you put some chocolate
syrup and then you eat it that's who
needs to eat this and that's me next
cheesecake okay now I don't want to sing
for this one because this one is suspect
this one I'm not sure I want to have a
relationship with this is the Haylie
Duff of cheesecakes you know I mean like
love Hillary like Hillary gives me what
I want Haley but she's never done me
wrong but like I don't really know what
she brings like I saw material girls
let's not talk about that because like
that was not good for either of them for
like harlots or ciose my eyes wish they
could have been sealed for that entire
experience so what I'm saying basically
is i'ma eat this
to get closer Taylor e uu story of
Haley's life oh okay nevermind this is
not Haylie Duff is there like a third
Simpson sister like Jessica Ashley and
then like Gretchen cuz this is Gretchen
oh no okay here we go Oh God smells like
coffee ass coffee s that could be a term
I don't know bourbon dictionary aterial
girls oh my god material girls - oh not
even starring the Duff sisters oh my god
starring Sophia Grace oh my God we're
gonna close up shop we're gonna pretend
like nothing happened
yeah
host rube The Cheesecake Factory for me
and that would have been great for many
tips but bad for my heart okay I need
something make me forget about that and
I think I found just the thing because
we have a Snickers bar oh my god
you know my drag teams say like she's
extra she's so extra she's so extra she
practically has her dick flappin out of
her dress you're I mean like too much
but that's why I love her oh my god it
smells so good we just went for material
girls teeth younger if you haven't seen
younger starring Hilary Duff it's really
good actually season two is not so great
so many folks is she so I really know
what you would call that like you know
they call things like jumping the shark
when something like does something to
bad on a TV show I'm gonna start my own
fucking the Sheep oh my god Hilary Duff
fucking is she I'm gonna get that tattoo
on my back all right here we go
first fight not Pilar I can't wait to
turn this camera off and eat five of
your piece of food cheesecake in the
dark okay here we go
oh my god I don't know forget I hit my
head with what good and killer make you
spell yeah oh my god Patricia's Kelly
Clarkson this is her this is Kelly
Carson anytime she does the holiday
special she brings too much and I love
that she wears like a big ol red dress
and a big old gold hoop earring a big ol
gold belt they go okay treating her hair
she turned into a fucking Christmas tree
and that's why she's my hero why are we
talking about kindergarten how did this
happen clay yeah she's good okay yeah
this is good this is Kelly Clarkson good
this is break away break away good
imagine me at midnight opening up my
fridge with hey I am once again I'm
eating cheesecake about five hours ago
I will feel on camera and now I'm just
alone I've got to real close it up all
right we got one more oh my god okay I
know I've sang this song way too many
times during my food reviews but listen
it deserves it hello red velvet
cheesecake how are you looking so good
and I haven't even opened you hello from
the container
oh my god oh my god oh it is a devil
that's Adele as it
okay let's do this
oh my god oh the way she fucking cuts
the way she fucking slides down the fork
okay
right don't ruin it okay oh okay ready
face okay could you look like a movie
it's a lot of blue I got it reminds me
well when I was yours
merrily know the work but it's okay cuz
I'll just eat this cake literally the
first graph is a song and then the songs
were like hey Adele can you write it
something not about cake oh my god
that's so good
that's we're gonna close her up because
that's 25 you know I mean like we're
putting that chapter to rest because
it's too good
she'll be back for 27 will she is it
they'll not doing that anymore is it
every album in age oh my god I'm in
album to be 27 that's so depressing I'm
so old and all my supposed to be about
cake
all of them wow I just got really sad
good thing I have 800 pieces of
cheesecake Boyer guys go I hope you
enjoyed that I fuckin so enjoy that so
fucking much that my brain is melted I
am now just whipped cream that's all I
am make sure you this video thumbs up
and subscribe let me new videos every
single day and I'll see you little
cheesecakes tomorrow guys is that time
again or we're going to talk about one
of the scariest urban legends theories
also to make this video extra creepy I
thought I should film it in the haunted
room in my house so if that closet open
so the ghost comes out kills me you're
welcome
