hey what's up guys welcome back to you
what the fuck news my name is doc no
that's not right no fun is my name is my
name is Esther oh thank god
anyways this is god dammit but this is
what the fuck news we talk about the
super strange news that you might have
missed in the last week in person what
the fuck news we've all had bad dates
so most people having a bad date is
maybe when you forget to wear deodorant
maybe your day keeps rambling on about
some shit you don't care about only one
of the worst dates for me was when the
girl told me she didn't like Star Wars
what actually probably the worst date
for me was when I was in LARPing with
the girl live-action role-playing in
case you didn't know and she broke her
ankle and I kept pretending I was an
Elvis Scout instead of you know bringing
her to a hospital
yeah haven't heard from her since
anyways despite my terrible dates none
where ever as bad as the girl who was in
the news recently after she had to carry
her own poop in her purse after a date
went bad fucking bad can a date go if
you're carrying your own shit in your
purse oh my god the girl known on
Twitter has at underscore bloody
clavicles her entire shitty experience
on Twitter saying I have a story to tell
it is about my poop it's probably the
best way to start a story I've ever
heard
so yesterday I went on a date with a man
who asked that at a grocery store the
other day Paul was going well I went
back to his place you met a guy at a
grocery store please tell me it was at
least like Whole Foods and not Walmart
because if you met the guy at Walmart
your Twitter and probably like going
back to his place is windowless bad
hashtag wish me luck
hashtag contact my next of kin at his
apartment now he keeps showing me the
basement licking his lips vigorously at
me and showing me his collection of
homemade videotape for a girl's being
hung upside down on a meat hook by her
cat muffled anyways continuing on she
said I'm a confident calm and
self-assured woman so I felt comfortable
popping in his bathroom that was
supposed to be pooping unless girls
called pooping popping now just took the
pox sorry guys I gotta go take the pop
oh my god I just popped my Pam I could
see it this however was the mistake
toilet did not wash properly so of
course like any calm confident
self-assured woman I panicked and
flushed it a million more time making
everything work by this point I was
really frantic because I had been in
there for way too long
there was only one finger
Oh poo so in that moment something came
over me and I do exactly what I had to
do I got toilet paper and removed the
one poop from the toilet what do I do in
it now I can't fucking leave it there I
did the only thing I could think to do I
wrapped it in multiple layers of toilet
paper and put it in my purse after that
barely the guy's toilet started working
after a few hours but as far as how she
handled everything I don't think she
could have done anything better you know
unless the day was going like really
terribly she could have picked up the
poop and been like yeah what do you want
me to do with this you toilet won't
flush
so oh is that oh my god is that your
poop like the only other thing I can
think of is maybe if she threw it out a
window which could have been really
really bad if you lived in an apartment
complex I'm just gonna step outside for
a few seconds Oh what the fuck
anyways a lot of people are claiming
though that this story might be faked
seeing as how it's just a Twitter story
but to that I say do you really expect
her to take pictures of her own shit to
prove a point yeah that'd be nice oh god
so I guess the moral of the story that
she tweeted is don't drink coffee before
a date it's better to be sleepy than to
have to hide your poop in a purse Wilson
that's what the hot moon is a man at
trial decided the best way for a judge
to understand how sorry he was was by
singing Adele lyrics hello there yeah I
wanna say I'm sorry for the things I've
done in your honor I'm sorry sorry sorry
sorry - the victim I'm sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry where's this a court hearing
or an audition for American Idol who's
the judge Simon Cowell pitoni by troll
Brian Earl Taylor was facing charges of
abducting someone against their will and
putting a gun against their stomach and
threatening to kill them when the police
intercepted and arrested him and really
my whole question was this little fake
is what was his reasoning behind this do
you think they're with him singing it
was gonna make a difference like do you
have anything else you'd like to say yes
your honor I'm sorry sorry sorry oh that
was so beautiful bailiff let this man
and his beautiful boys go yeah but that
would have been hilarious to be the
judge in this case because you just feel
like a complete dick being like wow
that's really nice right guys I mean wow
that was really good but you're doing to
jail for 18 to 20 years so good luck
with your singing career bye also this
got really terribly if you decided to
sing anything other than a Dell is there
anything else you'd like to say to them
oh yes actually there is mm-hmm
boom please come swing on the ground get
him out of here please straight out of
Compton
I played the motherfucking named Brian
Earl Taylor anyways the guy's been
sentenced to 15 to 18 years in jail for
unlawful imprisonment and owning an
illegal firearm blasting what about
booze not often do I ever tip a waiter
more than 15% unless you like amazing
you know sometimes I'll tip 20 percent
maybe even 25 or like the girl's ass
next or you can always give the waiter a
blowjob in the middle of a Denny's is
the tip well and I mean come on now
there go do it go for Oh
usually it costs more to get extra
sausage with your meals but also this
happened at a Denny's
hello Denny's yes I'd like to apply for
a job there please like I always thought
the Denny's was a trashy place but holy
shit like Denny's in the type of place
that if I reported that there was a meth
lab founded one no one would be
surprised during the blowjob though you
hear the waiters say also near the end
of the video you can hear the girls
saying let's go into the bathroom so she
can um you know booboo sure as far as
the Internet's reaction in the video
it's pretty weird to see where people
stand with a ton of people saying that
the girl was a whore for doing this and
other people saying that the guy was
actually empowering feminism by letting
her do it to it and the rest of the
internet doing what the internet does
best saying things like but she didn't
even give it a little dude time to get
his shit horn wasn't even a blowjob room
I would have made her deep through it
all one inch of me OOP what but since
the video surfaced online apparently the
waiter has been fired from Denny's which
is such a bummer because I'm sure that
place is probably an awesome place to
work at that was that was sarcasm don't
know if you knew I loved making fat
Americans pancakes at 2:00 in the
morning it's the best said no one ever
anyways though that is it for this
episode of what the fuck news my
question of the day for you guys is what
is your worst first date experience let
me know in the comments down below all
of these stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links guys if you like to see more of
me make sure to subscribe to my channel
at youtube.com slash
I'm not fucking John Cena I'm so tired
of this mean but check out my channel
youtube.com slash cat desta's for more
of me or on my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash desk poems that being
said I will see you next time for
another what the fuck news thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
