hey what's up you guys yes it is that
time again or we're going to talk about
one of the scariest urban legends
theories also to make this video extra
creepy I thought I should film it in the
haunted room in my house so if that
closet open so the ghost comes out kills
me
you're welcome so today we are going to
be talking about my favorite alleging
which is Bloody Mary the legend of
Bloody Mary goes something like this you
go into a room that has a mirror you
turn off all the lights and you lytic
and then you spin around three times
with your eyes closed and then you stop
and you say Bloody Mary Bloody Mary then
when you open your eyes you're supposed
to see in the mirror right in front of
you the image of a bleeding sad
screaming woman so that's a part one of
that legend part two is a little bit
greater if you say to her
Bloody Mary I stole your baby three
times she will scratch the fuck out of
your face and leave you bleeding
now Bloody Mary is actually based on a
real person and it was married to her
she was actually the daughter of King
Henry VIII aid and the scary thing about
him is that when he get bored of his
wives you'd have the murdered so growing
up she saw a lot of death now she became
the Queen of England which was 37 years
old and because of everything she had
been through let's just say she was not
an ice queen she would have people
murdered she would have people burned at
the stake she would pretty much cause
carnage all around the land just why
people started calling her Bloody Mary
now you're probably wondering Shane what
is her baby have to do with this well
this is where it gets really creepy does
she always wanted a child she wanted one
her whole life and she got pregnant she
thought after nine months of her belly
growing and her feeling all the feelings
of being pregnant
there was no baby after nine months her
stomach started shrinking and people
started referring that maybe it was the
ghost of a baby and maybe it was karma
coming back to get her for all the
people she's murdered and then she died
she died a very angry woman
with no baby that she always wanted so
that's what she gets so mad you say in
the mirror that you stole her baby
because you took what she wanted so
badly and that's why they say if you
play Bloody Mary as a kid you're more
likely to seize because she wants your
soul or cos kids are dumb so there has
been thousands of stories online of
people talking about their experience
with Bloody Mary so I found one I found
especially creepy so this was posted in
2007 by a girl named Nikki this
experience happened to me and my friends
after a party at my house in my bedroom
my closet doors are all mirrors the
lights were already off so we sat on my
bed and just looked right into them we
chanted Bloody Mary three times and
nothing happened so we just laughed it
off and turned the lights on then my
parents left for the night and left us
alone in the house we were laying on the
ground ready to go to bed when someone
heard someone walking down the hallway
and we knew that we were the only ones
home then out of nowhere the hall light
turned off and my bathroom door flew
open and we started to hear tapping the
tapping led right to the shower
jennipher dog my friend freaked out and
ran to the bathroom turned everything
off and everything was calm that we
heard someone drumming their fingers
on my door outside level we all held up
our hands to show that we are the one
doing the drumming kept you know I
jumped up and flung the door open and
stuff then my closet doors burst wide
open we started praying that with all
stuff and suddenly did needless to say
none of us slept that night now know a
lot of people are thinking Shane that
story is probably fake and stuff like
that doesn't happen well I told you my
experiences stuff like that has happened
to me not Bloody Mary but ghosts opening
up doors meetings around I mean
literally this house is a lot oh my god
I thought I heard something I'm like
that would be the perfect time girl come
on out the she's stuck in the closet I
know I know
now some of you guys might remember a
few months back I did the Bloody Mary
game with Trevor on the end we didn't
see anything the whole energy and the
vibe is just so cool not because I was
in a bathroom with an underage child
maybe the second we started doing it our
heart started racing we started getting
anxiety you could just feel that there
was something wrong in that room Bloody
Mary Bloody Mary Bloody Mary oh my god
what do something behind me did you
really yes
Judi really up what's up man you fucking
brain just playing fucking tricks on you
girls right there on that whipping so I
figure it's only right if we end this
video me trying a wedding
game with you guys so go to the bathroom
let me rephrase that
let's go to that bath that made it worse
alright so we are in the bathroom right
now and this is the bathroom that is
indeed haunted room in my house at my
candle right here so we're just going to
lighten okay so now I have to spin
around three times
okay I have to keep my eyes closed
should I do the baby one Bloody Mary I
stole your baby Bloody Mary I stole your
baby Bloody Mary I stole your big
nothing ah just kiddin
there's nothing there hold me oh my god
oh my god okay well now I'm just fuckin
with myself later guys go that was us
trying out the Bloody Mary game um I for
one think this will never ever work on
camera because the ghost is too smart
why would she ever show herself on
camera so if you want to play this game
at home which I'm not recommending
because I don't know what happened don't
film it don't try to film it on your
phone no try to fun with your friends
really go into that bathroom dark let me
know down in the comments if you see
anything also give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because every minute of
the day and let me know if you want more
videos I've asked for ketchup and I go
how many J want how many you got they
look at me and they say that's a saucy
motherfucker
he needs his sauce he's dry he's thirsty
for sauce he'll be hydrated for sauce
and they hook the sauce up for me look
how dry I look
