this is a tinder date gone rhyme I've
never had a is that a thing because they
all fail I guess I'm here with Lily I'm
so excited now we are met on beauty
break because we're actually technically
men on Twitter have you ever fucked
somebody from Twitter no no no I have
not
okay good for you you're like I often
but they slide into the dr this easily
blocked speaking of getting blocked
today we're gonna go block up our
arteries because we're gonna try some
in-and-out now you love it yeah it's
just that i think my body would be
confused if i ate anything like salad it
would be what do you know I've had like
a bite of in and out when I was like a
12 year old but I have never had animal
style I've never had like all the hits
so I'm ready she's gonna show me the
world I've in and out and this is not
sponsored but hey in and out if you will
put skater life like I'm open to that
okay wait can we talk about tinder
really quick because I watch your videos
and I follow you on everything so guys
get really offended when you ask how
tall they are really why in Mike I don't
know someone who's like how would you
like if they asked how much you weighed
it was like nothing oh no not this whole
equal dick maybe maybe not why I'm
asking I'm just like video dude girl I
like and I'm not usually someone to ask
but then I went on several tinder dates
and they're all like high five really
like I'm convinced that everyone on
gender is under five eight bubbles
taller okay so what is like a straight
guy say to a girl to get you to want to
go out with him like what's like this I
assume you saw my Instagram where she's
like hey I know this is different in
quirky but want to have sex with me like
tempting what I appreciate the honesty
and I don't let me open one anything you
know it's sad I have such low
self-esteem that if somebody wrote me
that there would be there would be a
second a second about a second I mean
five minutes right have to hold back
from being like thanks cuz that sounds
so nice guys what the fuck we just got
here
this is the line is literally wait how
is this this is like a line to get out
of Mexico how I insane who God who waits
with you with every kind which I've
waited this is the line is literally
better the end of
Street next away this is fucking insane
it might say it breaks my heart if I
remember if anyone that's like oh look
at that line and they like wait a minute
this is okay I can't like show you guys
but I'll give you an example so the in
and out is two miles that way we know is
that we're right out and bomb the ninth
Street we're next to rock by fucking
Ross which I didn't even know what that
thing anymore and the car go like three
miles wait is there a woman taking
orders what year is this what is this
she's like walking around a can you be
really not on a gauntlet I've never been
I don't walk so they always have someone
stand up how do they not fuck it up it's
all like a little iPad did you know by
the way I was a cheesecake factory and
as I do
don't get me started geez hey what would
my favorite brunch place in San Monica
it was like two hours all you can eat
all you could drink got clothes and
their place like with a fucking
Cheesecake Factory which I can tell you
really liked it but it's so mediocre no
the food's awful it's like they have so
many options that nothing in particular
is that good it's just everything's like
okay okay I go I go for the Coke Zero
and they have it in the big scoop what
is it call like a spew ler I don't know
it's a fucking huge cup with a big thing
you like their burger that's like like a
large mug yes
but anyways you know like nobody ever
like writes down what their weight your
order yeah they just like remember they
don't remember it's like they fucking
record everything they have a recorder
uh-huh and cuz I said I said girls write
this shit down because they're like No
and it seems like an invasion of prices
I know but if you said something about a
shit I talked at Cheesecake Factory
that's like the lunch table in the
cafeteria nominee with Mean Girls you
know when do you go to all of them are
yeah I'm excited I've never been here oh
it's kind of a big deal for him
everybody's talking I know I know so
hectic I don't know you go fresh off a
double-double playing with just ketchup
okay in order of cheese fries sorry
right okay and a large dr. pepper I'll
do the double-double animal style we
were moving everything exactly oh my god
animal style fries what else is famous a
chocolate shake it an obsession shake a
Neapolitan shakes me up like everything
yeah fuck it okay
and a diet coke okay is that all you
have oh yeah okay oh yeah they know
Cheesecake Factory but I'll take it
wait what I do not know okay so are you
doing this look art yeah I guess all
right it's 20 to 24 30 X you don't know
my name wait what is what's happening
they can count the number of course
they're gonna fuck that don't fuck it up
jack-in-the-box I have to go whenever
would have been kitchen only second one
arrow song cheese fries I'm surprised
large dr. pepper meeting guys is it only
the upon you shake yeah okay that would
be 22 24 they knew yeah don't even fuck
it up and not miss their shit good job
in and out just smell that just find it
hard
I'm obviously I think that they just
like cook onion and pump it out of them
thank you
it honestly smells like me after the gym
you would love me after the gym let's go
to the gym right after this hi what's
happening there's so many fucking
windows bring upon me my kitchen okay
yes is that the shape yeah why is it so
tiny because I don't want you to be bad
thank you you have a wonderful day
thanks you too this this is it's a box
yeah okay fucking oh my god why you got
it oh I'm so excited oh my heart's
racing
so that is well it's grilled onions
cheese and then I'll show you guys what
kind of like someone threw up on top of
rice that's art poppy fibers some big
Lady Gaga got thrown up on that's really
nice this is a very large burger okay
now the fun is drenched what did they
say large okay good I'm like thrilling
this everything's falling apart look at
that mines receiver plate but like that
look all right oh look at mine can you
open mine is the lorry that didn't
burger burgers it's giving me everything
I wanted okay it's all that we go Cheers
Oh oh my god okay if you don't like it I
think we're not okay you know what I
have a lot of thoughts you keep you
doing it laughs no it tastes very real
tastes like I'm gonna cook out I'm in a
bdq I'm at a madea's family reunion
they're bucking barbecue and making
burgers
everything's cook as well so like it
tastes real doesn't taste like fast food
I guess it's good I'm a little
conflicted a little confused like it's
not overpowering but I like it
everything mixes together very nicely
it's the opposite of tender I like this
but why is it so many calories though
don't they say this is like the most
fattening little world my god my god
Carrie okay I would get this burger
eight out of ten so good that's good
antenna okay I would prefer this to a
restaurant burger
really yeah restaurant burgers like too
much I can't eat all that got it this I
can eat like ten let's try that okay I
liked it let me take one more let me get
in the center let me get from the middle
of her let me open her up
let me flop her over that was a good buy
it that was a good bite you know what I
didn't care prefer a middle bite like
that wasn't gonna be great yeah you're
right I didn't get the sauce if at the
first bite the sauce is good you don't
like that stuff no why I don't know I
don't like any sauces really and I wish
I did like I wish I had something to
dunk it in more and ketchup and like
sour cream or like the only things at
all
you know like rich it breaks my heart
we're gonna have a sauce day we're just
gonna get you sauce the fuck up it's
gonna sauce you out okay now I'm gonna
try the fries okay these are a lot
little messy this is intense so how do I
eat these do I put ketchup on that they
come with a fork I'm not sure how you
eat fries will deform so what type of
people get animal stuff I mean I think
anyone that goes except me okay I'm just
gonna dippy dippy all right scooping it
around all right guys look at this bite
see see looking at when I'm ready ready
mmm hello
oh my god let me try a little ketchup on
that is how I do it I mean first you did
oh that's a good one that's a good babe
Hey look oh my god I love ketchup and
I've never done that before
get ready I'm gonna show you a new world
you've never tried that a whole packet
for fry go through 85 packets my boat a
hole in your stomach I've gone here
before it and I've asked for ketchup and
I go how many you want how many you got
they look at me and they say that's a
saucy motherfucker
he needs his sauce he's dry he's thirsty
for sauce he's dehydrated for sauce and
they hook the sauce up for me look how
dry I look look at this skin very
hydrating with patches look at the
dehydrated skin by the way yesterday's
star you're eating while I'm telling you
this but yesterday I scratched my face
and a piece of skin this big came off so
I just probably satisfied now so sighs
I'm not feeling that I ate it low dose
okay now shake time I love that there's
a long way trous hair on it that's
exciting
well look at the the coloring it's it's
a law so what I like about these though
it doesn't like all mixed together I
feel like when you take us if you like
get one than the other in the mailer all
right here we go
chocolate strawberry I'm not the biggest
rubber really no but it's okay it's okay
it's okay
I trusted you I feel really good about
this oh wait I pin down the side don't
worry about me
got it now like how many times a week
would you say you have this at least
twice really that's actually not that
much like I got a cheesecake factory
like eight times a week mmm I wish I had
breakfast oh good question
what like restaurant would you go to on
a Saturday like what's like to go to
funny you mention not because it
actually gives me anxiety when people
start like oh like let's get dinner cuz
I don't like anything I like sushi
knowing anything like exotic so what do
you like or like an Italian restaurant
would be great love me some pasta I mean
but you really want to let go and have a
big bucket of pasta before you fuck like
you're gonna have a field where they've
all been five five so doesn't matter if
you want a big old tralfaz spaghetti I
mean even if you don't have sex
obviously kids you should wait till the
first and a half day for that but like
even kissing them after they had like a
bunch of garlicky fucking garlicky bread
like
that's so fucking who's gonna stay off
but I can do you do coffee dates don't I
don't drink coffee
that's I'm really I feel like that's why
I'm bad at dating is cuz like I don't
like to do anything you like frozen
yogurt like ice cream that's perfect
Baskin Robbins oh and if the guy doesn't
want to go to Baskin Robbins that he
doesn't deserve your fucking basket of
Robbins who goes on a date to Bass
compromise oh lady just sit there okay
yeah go inside this is why it's romantic
you sample together and you're like oh
try this ooh you try this babe
and then the spoon really little so you
go country hands are so fuckin and then
because I know right and then you sit
down and it's freezing in there so he
goes are you cold babe and you go a
little bit and then he takes off his
jacket it puts it on you and then you
guys bundle up together and then a charm
is great you share a scoop
oh and then after the oh I mean cuz you
don't share and then after you guys
finish the ice cream then you guys are
all fuckin sugar the fuck up and you're
ready to go out and fuckin do some crazy
shit sure all right well guys hope you
guys enjoyed that I did this is our
first date I think I'm pretty good you
should do this for a day let's see it no
and that's I would love to do this for
day felt like most people would be like
oh you're really sad lonely person
aren't you but most people online are
sad lonely people so that should be fun
guys make sure to go over to I don't
know want me to do my natural just like
oh it's got the URL for my channel you
have a channel what is it surprise
actually one talking about this I was
supposed to be youtube.com slash lilz
love it wells was too general there's
like Shane has YouTube talk on my Shane
they wouldn't give it to me so now it's
youtube.com slash the Lil's channel but
there's nothing on it I haven't really
planned to anything yet well guys go
over to the Lil's channel that we've
done there and weren't me and her gonna
be eating Baskin Robbins then that'll be
one of hers videos there we go perfect
alright you guys looking up but eaten
with us we have fun eating with you and
I guess you thumbs over the sky
tentative is everything and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye wills enjoy get out
the car down yeah bye
how's it looking oh I mean I look like a
motor midlife crisis
pretty much ever YouTube every youtuber
group dies their hair a random color
that's when you know shits not home and
this is my time to show that I'm not
doing well either
