oh I didn't see you there yes I shower
fully clothed but they didn't know about
my insecurities and body issues it's
about the galaxy filled with millions of
insecurities and body issues oh there's
month oh there's one over there oh
there's one right there
you can't hide yes today we're going to
be doing another galaxy DIY why I don't
know and this one's really hard work
like I'll like ever but where there's a
will there is a shade that's not true
where there's a cheesecake factory
there's a shade that's true okay so
today we're gonna be galaxy my hair so
basically I got some spray paint and
some fucking stars and some glitter and
we're just gonna throw that shit in my
head and I'm gonna come out all over
again
okay let's start with paint no no blue
yeah yeah now if you're doing this at
home um stop go outside play with the
ball but you also probably shouldn't be
doing this in a small room like this
because of all of you they'll kill you
but I always wanted to die on camera so
let's do this can you imagine that would
be like such an edit video that would be
training on Facebook for a shirt that's
all I want okay here we go
so let's spray like this side of my head
oh god you know the scariest part about
this is I'm just debating doing this
just because I didn't want to have to
wash my hair afterward cuz like oh you
know I mean just like washing your hair
like fuck off Oh brushing your teeth
twice a day okay I don't believe they
need to do that it's a conspiracy the
new conspiracy theory video brushing
your teeth makeup by the government
let's all just eat chocolate and never
touch it that was intense
you need to calm down all right let's
see Ted an evening go eat it even by the
way there's still glitter in my hair
from another buddy
don't ask here we go is it working I
can't see anything there's nothing
happening
definitely getting all over miss Ely I'm
choosing not running in my hair shaken
up oh okay I'm starting to see it fuck
it let's bring the whole bit okay ooh
I mean it's galaxy Maidan that'll be fun
when I could galaxy me that'd be a very
small galaxy but I make a Milky Way
doing it in there gross let's just see
the whole thing oh my god I'm passing
out oh my god I'm passing out whoo okay
okay I need to go okay whoo all right
she's back
how's it looking oh I mean I look like a
motor midlife crisis pretty much ever
you do every youtuber who dyed their
hair a random color that's when you know
shit's not home oh and this is my time
to show that I'm not doing well either
all right let's just opinion just the
sound of failure connection you can hear
it Angie if you get here I mean it
doesn't look as like galaxy as it does
American Idol like top eight reject you
know I mean like she was there for like
the top ten and
ha her like first week oh and she's
saying like I don't even deny my
reputation a bitch way to give it a
about you bye I mean it kind of looks
cool to be a lot of fun well don't be
complaining about someone to wear
sidenote did you love the way she
directed or Swift that was everything
like usually get enjoyment to me and on
my girl but that thing I was like forget
me more but would you really say from
their baby scene I mean like wish you
wait
but she went but she's you but she but
she but she would I'm actually high
right now which one she but what she
actually say that shit in person you
know I mean or she just extra confident
I'm in the keyboard cuz I know how that
works you little troubles all right now
it's time for purple I guess cuz else I
mean this is just literally shit here we
go yeah yeah
poof look okay I'm gonna die doing
anything okay I'm gonna tell school yeah
I'm over whoa
all right now something's happening
oh my god somewhat dead oh my god the
smell okay I need to go and you go oh my
god whoo whoo
this isn't that different from me when
I'm in this bathroom take a shit I like
to take the ship and then I'm like oh
boy
listen good work Lu I kind of see the
sparkles it's like really good the
sparkle going I got some stars now this
I'm just gonna yeah oh my god okay
listen I'm not even kidding right now
it's kind of cool right like I feel like
Panic at the Disco would never but all
of my might
oh yeah my God look at me she is feeling
herself tonight now she really is she's
gonna feel herself because nobody else
is all right thank you guys go my galaxy
hair and my accidental galaxies
everything else and my galaxy shower
oops
very nice go we could join me galaxy
myself and almost dying like five times
make sure to give this video a big ole
galaxy thumbs up and subscribe and I'll
see you little galaxies tomorrow let me
know down the comments what else I
should galaxy also is this ever gonna
cough because if not I might just be
that guy with the galaxy hand which is
kind of Awesome okay I'm gonna go and so
I I'm gonna have to say
- I love a good Jesus can his face
literally looks like a meat doesn't it
like when mom says she doesn't want to
take you to Taco Bell when your teacher
said you have extra homework tonight
when your friend spoils the ending of
Pretty Little Liars
it's literally like ugh face Jesus and I
love it I really do it
