hey that's it guys yes today I'm doing
where all the cool kids are doing and
I'm going to do it $0.99 store haul now
I was doing this way before the cool
kids were doing it I did one of these
maybe two or three years ago and that
was just for YouTube I think one of the
99 cent store since I was a child when I
was a kid and everybody's getting those
Kamikaze pets I went to the 99-cent
store and I got myself a Gucci kamikatsu
pet which now that I think back on it
was probably a cockroach that I probably
found in the cheese aisle but I kept it
alive it lived in my house for five
years anyways yes today I have a bag
filled with treats and we are going to
see what's in it now there's a mixture
of a lot of different things food
there's games it's basically like a
birthday party a really bad birthday
party that nobody wants to go to it's
like my birthday party hey did you not
get the invitations I sent out Tim
everything oh yeah I got them I just
didn't want to go like I'd rather
actually die that go to that sad sad sad
party you sad sad sad man cool good talk
okay these are oh sorry you just saw all
my emotions at once these are called
confetti eggs now basically what they do
I guess is it's made of real egg shells
and then you can smash them on people's
heads and confetti goes everywhere this
is gonna be awful
at the mess and I'm not gonna clean it
up Oh LS your daddy's by the way the
Spanish name for these are custom
release that's what I'm gonna call my
balls Oh actually can you stop licking
my cascarones
it's very ticklish for me not into it
but you could lick my auntie Horace
alright which one should we do
it's like Galaxy ah let's do pink oh my
god these are like hand me oh that may
be sad it's not about a bunch of people
at a 99-cent store workshop just make a
Me's
oh my god how much do they get paid
because I know normal sweatshops are
like zero dollars if you're working for
the 99-cent store a sweatshop that's
like negative dollars that's like you
pay them oh that's so sad let's have a
party
Oh
that fucking hurt my head so bad that
was not fun why don't I do that to
myself let's do it again maybe there's a
better way to do it where it's not like
directly on my head all right let's try
this again
oh yeah that's a party oh that was
pretty
if only dandruff looked like that people
would stop the run up around me when I
scratched my head well that's just gonna
stand it for the rest of the video so
enjoy you guys can't see this but my lap
is just having a party really living it
up here like I've got a lap dance from a
really sad clown right Mary oh no these
are seaweed snacks now listen I don't
even trust seaweed snacks from like
authentic Japanese stores or Ralph's so
a 99 cents or a seaweed snack okay this
is going rough oh my god they don't even
call it a see you tonight
they call it an ocean snack you know
that mean it means is not seaweed this
is literally the Doritos bag with a turd
floating in it in the ocean and they're
like who should just grab that just like
chop it up and you knows dine green oh
gosh
all right let's give this a try roasted
and lightly sea salt it please that's
just a nice way to say somebody pissed
on oh my god that was intense
that'd be hard that me harder that
fucking egg which by the way they might
die after this video because don't you
like die after you get hit in the head
like it hits you later like a concussion
I don't know Will Smith who knows all
right here we go you oh oh it's kind of
pretty like I don't eat it like I want
to wear it I mean who is she yeah I mean
oh wait hold on I mean honestly fashion
icon
I mean rickey dillion who all right here
we go oh no oh no whoo the texture is
toenail wet Tonio Tonio that has been
soaking in the tub and then you cut it
off when you get out because your
toenail so long and so thick it needs to
so and then you take that butcher knife
or you take that big serrated blade and
you just skim that toenail off the top
and then you take
get you just play with it a little bit
you know and then you eat it because
it's a part of you like that's what this
tastes like
and then like a few days later you're
like what it's in the back of my teeth
and then you pull it out you're like oh
my god it's my toenail from three days
ago that's what this is or if you're a
normal human who has no idea what I'm
talking about it's just gross shopkins I
have seen these all over the Internet
why am i seeing these all over the
Internet what am i searching for
whatever I've seen them a lot and
basically they're like little toys that
people make videos out of for some
reason and they get like the Gillian's
of use so welcome to my toy video hey
everyone this is Shane toy girl 69 and
today we're gonna be opening up this
shopkins whoo listen to the bag ooh
doesn't that sound like your parents
showing you this video because they
don't want to parent you yeah are you
the Cheesecake Factory right now you are
yeah your parents are ignoring you while
they need your factory nachos and they
just leave you alone with this iPad
because they don't want to deal with
your annoying
screaming I'll be your parent now let's
kill your fucking parents yeah you see
that knife on the table yeah you see
that
why don't you grab that fucking knife
and why don't you take it to your mommy
and slit her goddamn throat yeah let's
do that
am i doing I just created a horror movie
and I love it all right let's see what
this shit is oh fuck is this what is
that why is its face upside down oh wait
there we go that makes more sense
actually no it does it makes less sense
why is it an ice cream cone but it's
upside down it's faces upside down
filled with scary little unproportioned
arms you know what everything at the
99-cent store is kind of fucked up and
that's why it's sold there like it's
things that are kind of messed up or
broken so this has a deformity and they
sent her to the 99-cent store
that's so mean you should love everybody
no matter how to form they are you
shouldn't just throw them at that I need
I sent store this miss deserves to be a
target with her friend then instead
she's is the 99-cent store
Cinda between a bottle of fabuloso and
condoms that don't work you know sad she
must be almost sad enough to kill your
parents with you
hey baby still breathing because if they
are we should change that okay I miss
that what the fuck is this an egg
shooter how interesting that's exactly
what I have my sperm destroys eggs
it doesn't make babies it actually kills
them my sperm is so gross that the eggs
getting really weird the egg scramble
instantly oh my god did you see that
hold on I just did something an accident
it was amazing
wait ready oh no but it's connected to a
string also you don't lose it I need
this for my life you need to connect my
iphone to a string keys to a string
honestly connect my dick to a string ha
and it's like a puppet oh my god like a
marionette I'm gonna do that later after
this video oh we got a good boy oh I'm
gonna have so much fun with this this is
a great first date idea don't you think
so what do you do for a living do Ken
don't care
no I'm kidding love me always never
leave me this is another one this is
called a flying disc well it's not the
best name but you know - alright so what
does this one do okay so you put the
disc on the carrot oh okay twist it and
then I guess you really you're gonna
give me that high octane crazy fucking
egg launcher and you're gonna give me
that sad little twisty carrot dick oh my
god it's exactly how sex is with me
cuz like foreplay is amazing and then
they get that sad twisty carrot dick and
then they want their 19's back yes oh
watermelon frosting this is another
example of something that just didn't
work in a normal store and like Betty
Crocker done fucked up like Betty
Crocker's had some hits here I mean like
she killed it with
she killed it with the funfetti I mean
you know once in a while she throws a
watermelon at us and then you know we
send her ass to the 99-cent store to
think about what she did all right I'm
gonna give it a chance cuz maybe it's
good I mean we all know how much I love
watermelon flavor oh no looks like
play-doh
smells like play-doh Oh spits out the
side like play-doh
I was trying oh my god that is so awful
I can't even put into words oh my god
it's like leaving like a path of like
gross water like gum in the back of your
car for eight weeks and there's a body
back there and they're rotting together
and like the flavor of the body gets
into the flavor of the gum and then it
becomes one big gummy mess that's this
Betty Crocker this is your last chance
girl
we're done with you honestly Betty go
home oh my god this Jesus candle is it I
love a good Jesus can his face literally
looks like a meat doesn't it like when
mom says she doesn't want to take you to
taco bell when your teacher said you
have extra homework tonight when your
friend spoils the ending of Pretty
Little Liars
it's literally like ugh face Jesus and I
love it I really do it oh this is cool
I'm so excited about this this is a
color-changing mug so I guess when you
add hot water to it it fucking changes
I wish that was life that would be so
fun like you get to the shower and you
come out a whole nother person although
I have seen people who have done that
like they wake up in the morning and
you're like who are you who comes above
it and then they get the shower they're
like oh yeah you're way too good for me
go home all right so let's put some hot
shit in this all right here we go all
right mmm um nothing to happen hello oh
my god
oh I am gonna scream oh my god it's like
a fucking horror movie oh my god but it
says I love you it was a horror movie
let's say something like get out of the
house
oh that fucking awesome I'm freaking out
and then did it go away I wonder if we
just pour cold water on it oh my God
look oh my god how was that only 99
cents that was one of the best moments
of my life
I almost want to end the video there but
I still have more stuff alright let's do
a couple more of it it's not gonna get
better than that okay so I got these not
even to try it just to show you guys the
box because I thought it was so funny
look at that it says paradise it's just
three fucking piles of shit actual human
shit like that is not chocolate that is
literally in my toilet right now I
worked hard for it I want to look at it
all day
don't judge me except we're not gonna
try that cuz I already know what my shit
tastes like alright the last thing we're
gonna try it I already know I love
talkies oh my god
if you don't know what talkies are they
are these little oh shit these little
rolled up corn chips and they're hot and
they're spicy and they are so good and
so quick
oh yeah IIIi alright I literally have no
purpose to try these on camera except
for the fact I just want to eat these so
let's do it together
oh my god bah no spawns at para blog
that word popped it I just turned French
Pongo Jesus Waldo uh when you really
want to read O's and it gives you
talkies all right then fine you don't
get none I'm just gonna do this eleven
huh
alright y'all I'm done here this has
been a great day the mug the talkies
Jesus all killing em alright yeah I hope
you've enjoyed this video make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe as I make new videos every
single day and I'll see you
99-cent store shoppers tomorrow I at one
time in my life I was a fan of tootsie
rolls too but then I grew up I changed
my perspective I realized that they
taste like dog shit and I moved on to
real chocolate you hear that Debbie I
moved on to real chocolate a real woman
I moved on the Sara Lee bitch that was
me I'm sorry
