hey what's up you guys I just want to
let you know that this is the happiest
you will ever see me because today we
are going to be trying Little Debbie
now listen mean Little Debbie have a
past like she was mad at me because I
chose mr. hostess over her and she was
like damn Shane I thought we had
something I thought you loved my oatmeal
cream pie
and I was like Debbie girl your oatmeal
cream pie is killing it but mr. hostess
just has more to offer you got a Twinkie
you got a ding dong you got a zinger you
just had that pot like I'm trisexual you
know I mean like I'll try anything if
it's cream though but now I am ready to
have another date with lo Debbie and see
if over the years she has acquired more
tall maybe she's more experienced now
you don't mean like maybe she has more
tricks up her sleeve so let's get right
into it first we're going to try her
brand new red velvet cream cakes Oh
Debbie you're already killing a girl
first of all a Little Debbie it looked
just like my mom when she was a kid
which is frightening oh my god what if
my mom is a Little Debbie oh my god what
if I didn't know that mean little Debbie
would have ended up together and then
our children would have been well they
would not have been little sweets they
would have been a little Bambi toes you
don't know what those are they are kind
of like little Debbie's but they fucked
up all right let's open this up oh my
god
first of all I'm admiring the packaging
I love that there's two in one because
there's nothing worse than taking the
last bite of your treat and being like
oh man like on another one but then I'd
have to open up another one and that's
admitting that I've had more than one
and that's a problem where's this you
finish your treat you got that little
treat Oh Bob oh I love treat okay here
we go
Oh Little Debbie
she smells just like I remember even
better than I remember
let's see if she tastes like I remember
Debbie girl what about the missing all
these is oh my god oh okay where do I
start okay let's start on the outside
the most important part
always judge a book by the cover her
outside is like hard thick it got this
coating of frosting and then it got some
little dribbled Ravel what I can only
assume is little Debbie's blood which is
so sweet and then when you break her
open you got two layers of little moist
cake and they got a little more cream on
the inside oh it's like she knew that I
was
the back and she's like let me show him
what he's been missing like she went to
Target she got that brand-new sundress
she got those brand-new shoes she got
that brand new makeup I'm the only guy
who would notice those things
her nails were killing it her eyebrows
wrongfully that's exactly what guys want
right
sleek die brows that gets you horny
anyways I'm a fuckin Slater next cosmic
brownies oh my god okay I remember these
when I was a kid I don't think I've ever
was allowed to have them mainly because
they were name-brand
but I'm pretty sure I have like
astronomical chocolate cookie bytes or
some shit it was deviling although
Debbie's it was like big bath well can I
get another one of those big Beth trees
yeah the ones that we buy at the store
the woman at the couch for sure goes oh
yeah those blue they are pretty they are
sparkly like Joker set those nails all
right let's see how they smell
hmm okay you know what it smells like a
hospital let me explain it smells like
when you're at the hospital
and your friend is dying and he just
won't go so you have to go to the
hospital cafeteria and eat your feelings
and then there's like not that much
there but there are chocolate cakes and
you're like you know what I'll take five
but then a chocolate cake smells so fake
and so weird
chemically chocolate it almost smells
like while you're dying from just filled
with chemicals trying to keep them alive
and then you bite into it you're like oh
this tastes so much better than I
thought it would I hope my friend never
dies just so I can sit here and eat this
forever yeah like that here we go Cheers
wait it started though and then it
turned into toothpaste oh not again
oh no okay you know what this tastes
exactly like touchy rose now listen I
know a lot of people love their tootsie
rolls I don't want to offend you if
you're part of the tootsie world at one
time in my life I was a fan of tootsie
rolls too but then I grew up I changed
my perspective I realized that they
taste like dog shit and I've moved on to
real chocolate you hear that Debbie I
moved on to real chocolate a real woman
I moved on this airily bitch that was
mean I'm sorry but seriously Russ these
are new
these are peanut butter cream pies
oatmeal cream pies from a
favorite they might be my favorite out
of any treat and I love treats not
saying a lot so let's see if these hold
up whoo oh my god oh that smells like a
Girl Scouts hair Oh Girl Scouts hair
outside of Ralph's she's crying it's her
birthday she does not want to be doing
this she's just trying to get that bad
so mom stops yelling at her she's
honestly happy to be able to house to
get away from daddy
oh and she just put on Smuckers chaste
ik off when she grows up she can be the
president someday what are we talking
about
all right let's draw a fucking cookie
first I'm gonna break her in half yeah
oh my god I just became your dying
friend in hospital but I came back to
life your prayers worked miracles
happened oh my god this tastes like aah
it is like the best peanut butter cookie
in the world covered in the best peanut
butter in the world like something real
fake you know I mean like not Justin's
almond butter or Mary's nigga town
nothing you can get a Whole Foods I'm
talking something you get at like
Ralph's and it would be like jiff or pea
or like Peter Pan something fucked up
something that's just sugar with like
one peanut in it that's what this tastes
like
oh she's killing it gotta get that slow
lick all right well Debbie you're
wetting me back let's see what you got
next Swiss rolls oh shit
by the way I don't really understand the
box there's like a plane and it's like
flying into a mountain like it's going
to crash and everybody's gonna die have
you seen that movie where the plane
crashes into the mountain and then
everybody inside of it freezes to death
but like one guy survives and it's only
because he was eating the rest of them
I've never made so hard during a movie I
would be the one that would start eating
people before we were even close to
death like two hours into a be like you
oughta bring no chance mix no y'all
gonna have a clip art no class bar oh
shit all right
eeny meeny miny you and then I'd be
known on that fuckin arm
oh hell you
I know people say that like Hannibal ISM
is wrong and I guess it technically is
but honestly it probably doesn't taste
that much different from those Burger
King it probably tastes like Burger King
oh my God look at these little rolls Oh
first of all love that I love that it's
just like the perfect length and width
for just instant consumption just like
1/2 block found the gag reflex didn't
know I have that all right let's give it
actually oh my god oh that hurt man era
although I really hope my hips do lie
cuz like after I finish eating all these
well they're just gonna really oh my god
this is like this is like somebody took
a cupcake from hostess sorry girl bring
it up to X and then they rolled it out
and then they filled Oh more cream and
then they rolled it back up it's almost
like they redid a new person it's almost
like Little Debbie got together with
hostess and they're like listen I want
to fuck but like I want to breathe and
then that's what happened this by the
way don't start to breed on a porn site
don't do it
zebra cakes now these I actually have
had before they're really good and I
just wanted to have another wife it's
been a while Lilla ahead zebra cake what
song is that it's been a while
Wow that song is probably from 15 years
ago kind of sold last night I was
watching clips of Britney Spears on TRL
and then I realized most of you guys
probably don't even know what Tina
rellis some of you guys might not even
know who Damon Fahey is oh my god
something y'all might not even know la
la oh I can't go there my brains melted
alright let's try this Eber cake oh my
god it's like I remembered Oh Dana fake
get in my mouth oh my god dr. Wong
down-going that's it
I would do like a damn Debbie back at it
with the snack cake Joe I'm not gonna do
that cuz she's above that she's so much
better than that mean she's that boy
whose dick popped out of his pants
that wedding means she's at working dog
meme and if you haven't seen it oh it's
so good
bubble bubble bubble bubble butt bubble
butt yeah that's you and last but not
least the one we all love little
Debbie's oatmeal cream eyes another
thing to not look up on a porn site
cream pie is one thing
oatmeal cream pie well that's just a
rough vagina oh my god oh so excited I'm
shaking
whoo oh fuck oh it's so soft and gooey
oh shit yeah let's do this
oh my god oh my god invisible oatmeal
actually tastes like I would be eating
breakfast
like if hope-filled isn't like this
instead of old people fingernails which
is what it might be
have you fucking it up all day oh my god
guys I don't have any jokes for this I
just want to eat this I just wanna let
you guys know that this is very very
exciting for me I feel very happy right
now I feel very fulfilled with my life
and if you don't feel fulfilled with
your life and you feel like you're
missing something and you feel a little
pettiness in your heart just drive on
down to Target Ralph's or Walmart pick
up a bunch of treats take them home and
just you know eat all the boxes you
don't even have to film it just do it
for you oh well there you guys go
oh I love when Little Debbie leaves
little treats on my fingers I'm never
gonna wash his hand again I want to
remember Debbie forever do you remember
that like in movies and stuff when kids
would be like oh my god she kissed my
hand I'm never gonna wash my hand ever
again what if they did me like what
happened ten years later like they see
her at the Reunion and like there's the
girl I used to be in love with let's go
show her our hand it's just covered in
shit just covered in fucking warts and
fungus but it would be sweet because
then they'd be like remember that one
time you kiss my hand I never washed it
see I'd cry let em fuck up anyways tell
me guys enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up and subscribe
little hostess I mean daddy's sorry
daddy tomorrow and then she took her
clothes off she dropped her pussy onto
my lap Oh times up ha ha ha ha if you
want the rest of that story check out my
new podcast the link below I'll give you
a hint she grabbed my dick
