hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com where I react to
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
oh you know what they say celebrities
are just like us so they must experience
the same relatable postings that we
experience
they must experience the sensation of
that moment when you drink orange juice
right after brushing your teeth and it's
like really gross they probably also
experience when you scroll really far
back and your crushes it's shrimp eaten
accidentally like a picture oh as well
as that awkward moment when you like
totally get arrested that one's less
cute doesn't celebrities are just like
us and get arrested just like us on
today's episode of I'm calm I'm going to
react jingchou celebrity mug shots so
instead of heading straight to YouTube
this week we are instead going to be
using Bing yes
Bing as opposed to Google this isn't
sponsored I just literally like thing
I'm going to be using a rating system of
one to five one being a human level
mugshot your typical shot of the mug and
a five being crazy in the sense that
this celebrity is completely detached
from actual physical reality and they
are somewhere else living a different
life than you and I oh the first one
that popped up is Bill Cosby and what if
his eyes looks blind now forgive me if
maybe he is blind in one eye and I just
don't keep up the date with the with the
latest
Bill Cosby medical situation however I
do like his sweater that doesn't mean
that he's allowed to touch children I
would say in terms of the 1/5 scaled
Bill Cosby mug shot is probably about a
4 he looks a little distant and not
totally certain of what's going on
combined with he just ate lemon that was
tart next mugshot David Cassidy's mug
shot oh my goodness my mom is a Big
Dance
cassadee fan in terms of a mug shot it's
not exactly the most flattering photo a
little bit looks like he's eating his
bottom lip which I guess happens from
time to time if you're a little nervy
and curvy not so much digging the blue
t-shirt
I think if you're gonna get arrested for
drunk driving at least doing a cool
shirt like Bill Cosby if I'm gonna read
this Mel Chama scale from one to five I
would say a firm three he seems like he
knows what's going on he's definitely
not happy with the situation next
mugshot go time Olympic gold
medal-winning snowboarder Shaun why
according to cops and drunken white off
a fire alarm at a Nashville hotel
forcing an evacuation I think is facial
hair is on point and again what this guy
he's also really like looking deep into
my soul however there's something a
little dreamy and and hard to reach
about it so on the scale I'm going to
rate this mug shot at eight for thunder
this is a lot of sports humans get
arrested another sports professional
golfer I mean like good for you and I
think it's great that he's doing
something that it's passionate about but
I don't need to defend my role at golf
we all get it another sporty sport boxer
Floyd Mayweather was arrested by Las
Vegas police in September 2010 and
charged with grand larceny I need to
look up with larceny in fact a personal
property so he got some some sticky
fingers out of his boxing gloves this is
actually a beautiful photo of a
beautiful man he has a nice gentle smile
his eyes are warm and inviting
like I can't want to give him a hug
honestly I would trust this the face of
this man with my children if I was
reading him on a scale from one to five
I gave him a one he just wants some
affection and attention oh I just
coughed so hard I cried a little bit
anyway I think that is means it's time
not look at mug shots anymore
celebrities just like us but slightly
more beautiful sometimes with the right
lighting and the right camera settings
the night thank you guys so much
watching his crime-filled episode Baba
comical foo didn't you with our awesome
Internet shrapnel if you enjoyed this
week's episode even thumbs up and be
sure to check out the links video on my
channel it will be one of the first
links in the description question today
what is the closest you have ever been
to getting arrested let me know by
leaving a comment see you guys next week
episode of bomb calm zone
