hey guys so last time I tried to make
special gummi bears it went pretty well
first pizza gummy bear probably ever in
the whole world
oh yeah sometimes my memories are a
little different than I remembered
kind of like how I remembered Saved by
the Bell being so great and then I
rewatched it it is awful but similar to
how I deal with making mistakes in my
life I'm just gonna keep all make it up
so today we're going to be making gummy
bears that are ranch dressing flavor why
this is such a bad idea
everything about this is about idea this
is like the chicken wing nacho spaghetti
bar at sizzler bad idea whoever thought
that was a good idea well no it was me
cuz it sounds great but when you mix
salad spaghetti pizza meatballs tacos
the only thing sizzling is your whole oh
that was real intense let's get cookin
okay so of course we have our gummy bear
kit now I am such a pro at this it's
gonna be a real simple video I got my
little ball of water I got my gelatin I
got my ranch dressing seasoning which by
the way it says four dressings for dips
and to have your favorite recipes what
does that even mean people add this to
like random things who they added to
their burgers God added to a milkshake
why does that sound like a better idea
to me than a burger all right now the
answer cuz I'm fucked up okay so we're
just going to mix these two things into
this little bowl first we're gonna open
up the gelatin packet which Oh smells
like rotting animal carcass cuz that's
what it is children right you one of
these actually this you two of these I
want my gummy bears to be extra filled
with dead animal bones I also want them
to be cute okay so I'm mixing that in
there
oh the smell of it all all right now I'm
just gonna add a ranch packet now I
don't know what color these are gonna
end up being a guest sees through should
I add some color me oh I don't have like
white food coated with a green feel like
green is good good that's like like a
salad or no should we just like a
see-through because then it'll be like
little specks of ranch guys I need help
hi anybody who
here's hi what color should I make my
ranch gummy bears what hello I dialed
anybody who cares yes nobody picked up
we're just gonna leave them see-through
oh my god you need to get a real good
look at this not this let's move the
camera over oh can you see that oh that
looks like my toilet after a long
weekend alone after Valentine weekend so
many white clumps okay so now that that
is all mixed together and looking gross
we're gonna put in the microwave for two
minutes and see if the fumes kill me all
right we have two minutes what should we
do let's talk about the time I went to a
strip club okay so I went to a strip
club for the first time in my whole life
this was like a week ago
and I was just going with the frantic
cuz I'll be funny like I was definitely
not like interested in you know touching
vaginas or titties that night you know I
just had Mexican food that's been a
little bloated though bad about myself I
honestly just want to hang out with them
and maybe save one maybe become best
friends with one maybe like Stanford
College and the second I got there one
of them grabbed my ass whispered in my
ear you got a cute face and she was all
mine then she took me to a back room
which I had no idea what was happening
but I was like you know what maybe like
this is a special area with like board
games in like diet coke like I don't
know
I cannot Chucky Cheese has like that
back room with like all the rich kids
are there you know they got all the good
games that's not what this was the only
thing similar to Chuck E Cheese in this
situation was the smell of cheese and
the brats but they weren't cute rats
they were mascots they were rat rats and
they were carrying the HIV virus and
they were shitting all over the place
and then she took her clothes off she
dropped her pussy onto my lap Oh times
up ha ha ha if you want the rest of that
story check out my new podcast link
below I'll give you a hint she grabbed
my dick okay
let's see if this is ready oh my god I
mean it looks like ranch can you see
that like it kind of looks like ranch
huh boo this is exciting is it
am I just lying to myself pretending
like this is excited is this what my
life is become literally my life is
making gummy bear
easily should nobody wants and having
strippers ask me if I'm gay yeah that
happened
listen to the podcast okay so now that
that's mixed together we are just going
to pour it into our gummy bear molds
look how cute they are the little family
why are they bleeding I'll just ignore
that honestly guys I'm not gonna lie
these smell really fucking good like it
smells like reddish Oh what if it tastes
good
what if this is like my new thing oh my
god what if this is our new thing have
you ever had that like on a date or in a
relationship we're like one of you guys
does something really really stupid
that's like socks and the other person's
like oh my god that's our new thing and
then you're like damn it now I'm stuck
the stupid fucking thing I'm really bad
at relationships
anyways alright so now that these are
well that we're gonna put these in the
freezer and I don't know fuck maybe some
will happen okay so I am here in a
different location in a different shirt
because I had to film like much other
videos while I was waiting for these
motherfuckers to freeze they're ready
and they look beautiful and I'm a proud
bear daddy oh my god me I'm a bear daddy
these are my Cubs everything makes sense
okay so let's pop these out and see if
it works
alright oh oh oh she's been born Oh
oh my god this looks really good I mean
not like good like it's gross but look
at it look at that little specks perfect
shape looks like ranch dressing oh my
god I'm so proud of myself oh my god it
smells like ranch oh my god it's fucking
weird
okay okay I'm so excited okay let's do
this oh oh oh my god wow oh my god this
is so fucking weird whoa I have so many
emotions like this tastes like ranch
like it tastes like little frozen ranch
bears I mean I don't know why anybody
would eat this like I guess you could
technically put them on
salad and there's zero calories I think
cuz it's just flavoring oh my god
Dayak literally you could just eat these
all day and it's fine I should start a
diet I am The Biggest Loser oh my god
there you guys go
successful fucking gummy bear treat
bitch I did it let me know down the
comments if I should make any other
weird flavors of gummy bears maybe
something I don't know good I also give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe in
the new videos every single day and I
will see you that our ranch flavored
gummy bears tomorrow whoo that's kind of
cool they let's lift a big spoonful oh
yeah this just looks like an alien orgy
happened in my closet which honestly
that would be everything whooping ad on
Craigslist for that
