guys we just did a podcast right gaddy's
yeah we talked about everything we
talked about love relationships sex
vibrators and hybridizing with your
hands nice writing with your hands us
making out my net worth you just looked
at my mouth you listen to the podcast
hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now I don't know
about you but there is nothing scarier
to me than a hospital the sounds of
people crying and being in pain as
you're walking down the halls the smell
of blood and sometimes even death the
awful food don't get me started
all in all hospitals are probably my
least favorite place in the world but
there's something that we need I mean if
there's something wrong with us we go to
the hospital and they fix it right well
that's how it's supposed to work but
sometimes they mess up and they must sup
bad no I can't believe I'm even saying
this I can't believe this is true but
medical mistakes are the third leading
cause of death in America that's right
number one heart disease number two
cancer and number three medical errors
over 250,000 people a year die because
of some fuckup that happened at the
hospital
stunning medical news tonight about how
many Americans have something go wrong
when they go to the hospital
the astronomical new number one in three
patients will face a mistake during a
hospital stay yeah one in three which
means it's probably gonna happen to a
third of the people that watch this
video well today we're gonna be looking
at some of the craziest medical mistakes
that have ever happened and some of
these are incredibly disturbing so if
you are scared of hospitals already this
is only gonna make it worse okay I'm
going to start with something that is
one of my biggest fears and it is not
gonna make it any better
first we're gonna talk about death from
an MRI now I'm sure you've all seen them
MRI machines are terrifying massive
scary tubes that are in the dark and you
go into them and you can't move now the
M in MRI stands for magnetic
magnet the size of an MRI machine cuz
that's what it is yeah that huge machine
is literally a big powerful magnet and
obviously if there's anything metal
around this magnet
I remember going into these machines
when I was a kid and even recently and
hyperventilating because all I could
think of was like oh my god there's a
wire behind my teeth what if the wire
gets through my teeth and it's the
fucking magnet or what if I forgot to
think my keys out of my pocket and it
rips my pants off or what if the metal
in my lake from when I broke my ankle
just works out of my leg like literally
the scariest thing I could think of now
obviously they take as many precautions
as they can sometimes mistakes do happen
so obviously metal objects should be
nowhere near an MRI machine when it's in
use but in 2001 in a New York Hospital
that happened there was a young man
named Michael Colin beanie and he was
getting a scan the nurse walked in to
the room with a large metal oxygen tank
as you can imagine it did not go well
that big metal oxygen tank flew to the
MRI machine and struck Michael in the
head as it went
now this killed him take a look at this
video researchers make after Michael's
death it shows just how fast that metal
oxygen tank kills him
okay that was really dark so I'm gonna
move to something a little lighter but
honestly very scary to me this is the
medical mistake of the accidental wrists
and we've all heard the crazy plastic
surgery stories of people who go in to
look like somebody and they come out
looking very different I mean some
patients go under the knife so often
that sometimes they literally can't even
open their eyes
Marilyn Lise wants to look a little
younger but after eyelid surgery she's
unable to fully close her eyes I mean
people are changing themselves beyond
recognition they want the perfect teeth
the perfect cheeks perfect body and then
sometimes you might think they go too
far and then sometimes it gets really
dark for example what happened to former
beauty queen
Solange make no no now Solange went in
to get her butt injected because she
wanted to make it a little bit bigger
well a few days later she died some kind
of foreign matter traveled from the
injection material through her
bloodstream all the way to her lungs and
stopped her from breathing all because
of a butt implant that got fucked up now
that story is awful but this one is
worse Alexander Bias was a model an
actor and former Miss New Mexico and mr.
universe runner-up now Alexander had a
small tumor removed from his chest and
he wanted to fix it well he went to the
office of a man named dr. Renaldo who's
also known as the butcher of South Beach
yeah
the butcher Mya's his desire to revive
his career brought him here to this
office in Miami Beach the man inside
told him he was a doctor who could
literally turn back the clock restoring
BIOSes chest to the rugged perfection
that had brought him so much attention
now after Alexander's Paquette surgery
from literally con artists who are not
surgeons Alexander wasn't given the two
male pecs that he asked for he was given
two female breasts after implant surgery
to boost his chest muscles even more
Alexander Baez wound up like this just
listen how the South Beach Police
Department described it it literally
like a horror movie mr. bias who had
been given ketamine an anesthetic used
on animals kept waking up in tears as
mr. Renaldo tried to force the two large
implants into his chest this is the
craziest part this insane surgery was
filmed the captain of the police
department said it was a butcher job you
wouldn't want to have happen to your dog
doctor in all those skip town after this
happened because he had a bunch of other
people that he had given bullshit
surgeries to that he was trying to run
away from too but luckily they found him
and they put him in jail only for seven
and a half years but I don't know oh and
by the way in case you were wondering he
literally used cake spatulas to shove
the breast implants into Alexander's
chest ah oh my god uh-huh we got it we
got it okay now this next thing we're
going to talk about is something I
talked about six months ago so if you've
already heard about this you can skip
this part of the video but if you
haven't oh my god this is going to ruin
go into the hospital for you if you
haven't heard of something called
anesthesia awareness I'm sorry
patients who remain wide awake and
paralyzed while doctors cut them open it
is excruciatingly painful as you'd
imagine it's also more common than you
might think that's right you're
literally being put under to go into
surgery can't move you can't talk you
can't open your eyes but you can feel
every single God everything every
scalpel if you're getting heart surgery
you'll feel them crack your ribs open if
you're getting stomach surgery you'll
feel them burning it your stomach ha ha
and you can't do anything you literally
have to lay there and be in your head
and not be able to get out now like I
said before this is something that
happens a lot one in 700 people will
have this happen to them what in 700 you
know what that means I'm really bad at
math but if 2 million people watch this
video one in 700 I'm really bad about I
don't know a shit ton of you guys might
have this happen to you and YouTube now
the amount of pain that you're going
through during the surgery and you're
not able to get out or move or tell
somebody to stop is so insane that some
people think about killing themselves
there was a pain that you cannot deal
with it just goes on you're screaming
inside your head well in 2006 a man
actually did Sherman Sizemore took his
own life after having an experience with
anesthesia awareness his family says
that he was conscious through 16 minutes
of his stomach surgery oh my god sorry
that actually just made me sick if you
didn't see this video I did a while ago
I interviewed a girl who actually had
this happen to her and she was having
awareness during an insane surgery and
oh my god just just but while your flex
is burning you can sell it which is
something you just never think about
what a surgery smiling but while you're
smelling it you're also kind of tasting
it and in case you're wondering run
flesh smells and oh yeah it is very very
real so please if you are going to get
surgery make sure they have a brain
monitor make sure you ask about
anesthesia awareness because some
hospitals do have ways of making sure it
doesn't happen but not don't oh it's
just it's too much all right this last
thing I'm gonna talk about is I'm sure
what you've all been waiting for things
that have been accidentally left inside
of a person's body that's right this
happens once again a lot just from 2005
to 2012 772 incidences of foreign
objects left in patients occurred what
now this happened so often in the
medical world that they have a phrase
for retained
surgical items or you know shit we
fuckin left in five operas him now
obviously there's been sis
your scalpels and other very very scary
things left inside of people's bodies
but sometimes they're little but they
cause even more damage there was a woman
in Sofia in Kentucky who had a small
sponge left inside of her for four years
now the sponge rotted into her body and
caused permanent bowel damage now
because of this huge mistake she got 2.5
million dollars I mean yeah that's a lot
of money but her body is permanently
hurt from that situation now this one is
worse in 2000 there was a man named
Donald Church who went in for surgery
because of what looked like a beer gut
in this photo now it was not a beer gut
at all it was a huge tumor in his
abdomen the size of a bowling ball now
luckily they removed it with no
complications so they thought 74 days
later he had to go back to the hospital
because he felt awful and he kept
collapsing now I'm gonna warn you this
is going to make you kind of sick
sit down if you're not when he went back
to the hospital they found out that they
had left a 13 inch stainless steel tool
inside of his stomach oh my god
when I heard this when I literally got
diarrhea now he's okay they removed it
and he's fine I mean I don't know how
but he is but 13 inches I can't even
like that's just imagine having this
inside of you that was a weird visual
let's put this by now if you've ever had
any kind of surgery many kind might want
to feel around your body and see if
there's anything that feels off because
there is a huge chance that you have
something that the doctor might have
left inside of you and that random metal
object might be slowly killing you all
right now you probably thought that was
gonna be it but it's not I'm gonna give
you a bonus round know you've probably
never heard of this I hadn't either
until I started looking into it there is
something called internal surgical fires
that's right a spontaneous fire that
could erupt in your body during surgery
no surgical fires sound crazy but they
happen and they happened 600 times a
year that's like twice a day I'm bad at
math and I think that's almost twice a
day all right here is one of the stories
and it comes from a girl named Lauren
and it is intense I kind of asked her
eyebrow is still there and she said that
that was gonna be the least of my
problems
both eyes swollen shut with large
blisters hanging from her skin Lauren
was rushed to Metro Health Medical
Center's burn unit now Lauren was told
because of the problems that happen
during surgery she would have a sunburn
effect on her face well when her parents
unwrapped her facial bandages they were
horrified
Lauren was the victim of a surgical fire
now this fire occurred during surgery
either on the outside or the inside of
our body now inside of a hospital room
there are tons of different items that
could cause a fire I mean you have
lasers gas tanks plastic wires so many
different ingredients that could be used
to start a fire and think about it this
way with all the alcohol that they use
to clean you and swab on your body and
how flammable human fat is that's asking
for a fire now luckily hospitals are
getting a lot smarter about how to
prevent this and how to deal with it but
it is a real thing and it is scary well
there you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
all of these scary medical mistakes now
this video in particular was really hard
for me to make it was hard for me to
think about it was just all of it he's
literally my worst nightmare so I hope
it gives you nightmares too because I
don't want to be
all right you guys if you want more
videos like this I was thinking about
doing a video about the scariest things
that have ever happened in an emergency
room but if you want that give me a
thumbs up let me know also make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
the notification vote because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
the full video I did about anesthesia
awareness it is nuts so you might pass
out I literally almost passed out when I
was filming it I'll put a link to it
right in the top of the description all
right you guys I'm gonna go and if you
have to go to the hospital soon
good luck bye
