Hey look me guys yes giant gallon of ice
cream the world's biggest spoon and me
you know what that means
relationship goals you'll never leave me
right only when I eat you up hahaha I'm
gonna kill you
anyways yes today we're going to be
doing a glow-in-the-dark ice cream
sundae bitch I went out I got some black
lights I set that shit up in my other
room in the closet it looks like a
really sad Club in there so we're gonna
create this ice cream and take it to the
other room and deserve ourselves a
little party okay
so first I have this big-ass tub so
let's empty this out Oh oh my god oh
look at that
just look at that oh my god Oh oh my god
take a moment Cinderella over there like
is this your shoe see if it fits
girl it fit time I have this huge bowl
which is actually a nacho platter oh my
god on the bottom it says always support
the bottom gay relationship goals whoa
alright so I'm honestly oh oh my god
just my morning workout for the day I'm
honestly just gonna fill this bitch up
Oh is there any easier way to do this
rzl girl who'll be able to oh you know
what I was gonna microwave this hold on
alright i softened it up so now I'm just
squishing it out oh yeah I could make
ice cream look gross oh look at every
last drop out of it are like it's a big
delicious pimple Oh perfect Wow let me
just say that this actually doesn't look
like that much ice cream when you put it
in oxygen which makes me think I would
feel so much less guilty if I just
started eating everything in a not you
tube you can put a whole Domino's Pizza
in there and it would be like oh it's
just a little personal Didac mmm-hmm
we're like a fat pack okay so now what
we're going to do is very dangerous and
it actually makes this not edible we are
going to be pouring in some glow stick
liquid now I don't
think this is well safe at all but
that's fine who cares oh god it's in my
eyes or guys gonna glow forever oh cool
that's not working
boo I'm scared I'm scared here nothing's
happening ah they made these really hard
to open it it's almost like they don't
want you to cut it open and put the
liquid inside of an ice cream
let me get stronger scissors oh oh oh
she's cracking oh my god she's cracking
oh my god the color is changing you see
that oh this is uber fuck wait let me
get a close see oh no it's all my
fingers oh my god oh god it's on my
fingers what does that mean oh my god
it's literally everywhere look at you
can see it be she's my favorite oh my
god everything in my house is glowing oh
my god it's working you can't really
tell but it's glowing alright so now I
just mixed it in right would that work
you just kind of swirl it in there woo
this is gonna be pretty so how many
should I'll do more let's do like a
bunch this would be such a fun birthday
party idea if you want to kill all your
friends oh no no okay
it's everywhere alright I think we got
enough of that stuff now we are going to
add this is glow-in-the-dark body paint
so I'm just thinking we just squeeze the
whole tube in there oh oh it kind of
looks like marshmallow fluff you really
could kill your friends with this oh
yeah okay so we'll just kind of dribble
dribble that in there oh this is so fun
I'm gonna text this is glow-in-the-dark
hairspray yeah
oh okay oh I wish all ice cream smelled
like that so I would stay away from it
all right this is very poisonous so
we're having fun
okay so I think yellow will look really
good in the black light so we're gonna
add some yellow food coloring let's just
fucking paint huh yeah oh my god okay
you know like galaxies things obviously
this is like stunning them you don't
mean like you got a galaxy and then you
got a saw but that's just yellow that's
kind of boring forget I said that
RCL beauty don't worry you don't have to
send anything it's fine now we're gonna
take some of these green sprinkles cuz I
feel like that might look cool in the
black light hey man they put that little
thing on top as if I need a barrier
between made my sprinkles we don't do
that around here yes
now I feel like I should add some
whipped cream because I mean hello she
needs her hike you can't have this
beautiful looking drag queen walk onto
the runway but no hi we need to do it up
public all
ah shit now we gonna spray this oh my
god there's so many things to do
Oh sprinkles sprinkles we need the
sprinkles we should do one more glow
stick
even though it's gonna float again and
ruin my kitchen it's fine hey there we
go oh my god so cool when it does that
yes that was the one baby oh my god oh
okay okay so we're gonna take to the
other one with a black light I also got
some fun props
cuz I'm eight and let's go alright guys
we're in the dark right now I'm in the
closet again and I'm gonna lift this up
and let's see if it looks glow in the
dark oh god that looks awful it just
looks like I'm fucking over came on it I
mean it's glowing so that's part of it
alright let's turn the black lever woo
that's kind of cool let's lift a big
spoonful oh yeah this just looks like an
alien orgy happened in my closet which
honestly that would be everything I'm
with an ad on Craigslist for that okay
but don't worry I got props to make this
more exciting yeah it's a creepiest
thing you've ever seen
but don't worry I'm coordinating oh my
god if I somehow get to some crazy
accident where I lose my face and my
hair this is me this is my new YouTube
persona let's see if it works
hey what's up you guys today when we
tried some crazy troops less galaxies so
I heard this conspiracy film I got
historical well there you guys go
that was me and my glow-in-the-dark
Sunday just a typical morning what is my
life as you guys help you a ton gloaming
with me i funk alone with you make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe and then I mean it is every
single day and I'll see you little bill
in the dark errs tomorrow don't eat that
even though I'm probably going to after
I take the camera off I just can't help
it we're going to go into the room and
in that room we are hopefully going to
be figuring out who this person is and
cleansing
yes we ready we're afraid and oh good
what is this
