hi guys okay I am so excited I'm here
with the psychic twins okay guys I'm
really excited but I'm also terrified
right now because we are going to be
talking about the ghosts in my house
okay now I'm gonna give you a little
backstory so I did a video maybe that a
month ago talking about some of this
stuff when I first moved into this house
right away I felt a ghost and I felt it
in a back room I just knew it was there
I didn't know if it was mad or anything
I just could feel so then the first
night I hear a lot of you know moving I
hear doors opening I hear my wrestling
yeah and I wake up the next morning I
walked out and my cabinets open and I
had a little dear magnet on my fridge
and it was upside down
oh yeah like oh maybe it's just uh yeah
yeah maybe though so instead I got a
demon so then the next day same thing
right now so down think okay so then I
get a security system and it's based on
motion detectors so while I'm sleeping
the motion detector thing is on and I
hear a door footsteps and then I hear
the motion then go off and say you noob
you know my god mmm come downstairs
magnet is not just turn upside down it's
like decapitated the deer head is on the
ground and then I was like okay so
obviously whoever this is is wants me
gone right but then I'm sitting on the
couch 5 p.m. I'm not asleep I'm not
dreaming I'm on my computer and then I
hear Boosh a door in the back room like
it sounds like a door opens it sounds
like glass breaks it sounds like
somebody threw a chair there's an
elliptical it sound like something to
push it over right I thought I was
getting broken into so I press the
security system I ran outside I get a
call from the security company I'm like
hi I'm getting broken into gonna get
murdered
can you send help and they were like
what we're looking at the scanner
whatever there's nobody there
no way well so I walked into that back
room and guess what nothing was turned
over nothing was broken it
yes and that's when I was like we gonna
call the psychic you're straight by haha
my god is we're gonna do a tour of my
house no I'm scared I'm going to show
you the rooms were things that happen
because things have happened in every
room pretty much and you're just gonna
get a vibe of what you thought yeah then
we're going to go into the room and in
that room we are hopefully going to be
figuring out who this person is and
cleansing it out of my house that's
right yes we ready we're afraid of no
this okay so we are going to start in
the kitchen
like having Emma's open this one right
here okay wow I like this okay so my
thought was maybe it was a Napoleon
meanie and maybe he's getting like
cereal I mean this is where the magnet
was and it was an upside down yeah so if
the egg was off yes
the first thing that occurred to me was
there's two male energy yes I felt that
too that are just lost their trap now
there's a couple of different energies
that I'm picking up on and I think you
were - yeah one is an older man and it
feels like it was a chaotic kind of
passing I don't know what it was when he
died but there was something kind of
traumatic about it there was an illness
a long illness it felt like okay okay
okay is that true so what I found out I
think I've talked about this in video
but I found out was so the guy who lived
here his dad lived here and his dad was
going through a long illness that's why
he moved him into this room may have
been cancer - it Mellon cancer Wow
and there was a younger guy there's a
younger spirit here that's about 20 and
he died in a car accident and I feel
like again
: yep not enough like they're more
mischievous than they are malevolent
yeah maybe not dangerous the 20 year old
is he connected to the old man no no
this was a completely different lifetime
they're both here though and there's a
woman and there's also a female energy
coming in and she feels like I was
picking up on a slightly older person I
didn't live here
in you know in this house but she lived
in the area and she's drawn to your life
because you have a very high vibration
high frequency and she's drawn to you
and she wants your attention she get me
she got it and I'm also picking up the
name David and I'm getting the name John
or John at Jonathan did you recognize
the name 99% sure I need to fact check
this but my dad wasn't sure that the old
man's name was John Oh John Wow cuz
that's that Jacqueline before we were
both picking up on yeah so I feel like
we can help to kind of know them into
the light because that's really all I
want they think this is where they're
supposed to be there it was a traumatic
passing so often when it's traumatic or
painful and sudden you know like gunshot
wound or murder-suicide and marek saying
they stay trapped between dimensions
writing spirits one cross into the light
but they don't know that they're even
supposed to they think they're still
alive all right well let's go into the
other area where I've had experience and
so these stairs every night without fail
I hear the same no way okay
say I always run down open the door make
sure that nobody broke in and there's
never anybody here huh
that's care you all learning to care all
right people put your item on this room
here's I feel a lot of stuff in this
room when I'm sleeping I never feel
alone it always feel like somebody's
standing right by my lamp watching them
walking up the stairs right on my way I
always good and it doesn't like cheers
me a little bit but it doesn't feel evil
just feels like there's somebody for
sure and it could be my grandma I don't
know it's not your grandma no it's
someone you did that you didn't know
again she's drawn to your life she is
they're not aggressive energies there
was one it's more aggressive and I think
it's the older man those are just lost
and they're confused they think that
they live here and so they might be
disrupted because hey you're in my house
but their night is our day so they come
out at night you know that's interesting
yeah that's where you might only hear
the footsteps at night what's crazy too
is I even because lately I've been
having really about sleeping schedule so
I'll be up until 6:00 a.m. and I still
will hear everything like it's not like
they wait for me to fall asleep like
there's like 6:00 a.m. I'll be on my
couch watch friends and I'll hear the
footsteps going upstairs Wow hear the
doors I hear all okay well now it is
time okay we're going to go into the
scariest room in my house that I go into
for 20 minutes in the morning and then
out fuckin never go in it for the rest
of the day oh I have tried to reach out
to the people that sold me this house
I won't talk about it hey Ryan wheeler
calls down literally they want they
probably don't want you to complain
about the plumbing you know I found out
about the old man and all that stuff
problem he was the pool man it was
somebody that way that's great baby
overwhelming shit yeah so this is the
room this room it's a lot colder I get a
chill when I'm in your it is much colder
and that's usually a sign that spirit is
present that there's ghost energy
present I every time I said to him and
I've had multiple people who don't even
believe in ghosts and they say when they
seven is room there are heart races and
it feels like pressure on their chest
and I'm getting a right now I only might
have a full-body chill that's the first
time since I walked in your house that I
yeah we got it - yeah it's like
therefore the spirit is passing right
through us
it's especially and that this back
closet without fail every day I always
goes without fail it's always open
you mean whenever you walk in so it
looks like that very common yeah that's
coercivity which is scary cuz I'll be on
the elliptical and I'll be you know like
just get my body snatched back and luck
and that doors open I I know I closed it
yeah it feels like that's the male
energy they're trying to get your
attention
I didn't want anything I should not have
done had a friend over he was like very
skeptical of all this stuff and she
heard noises he was okay I don't like
her stuff I said well let's get the
Ouija board Oh
we put our hands on it and I said is
there a spirit here at home right - yes
and he's like I didn't move out and I
said do you want me out of this house
and it went right - yes and then I was
like okay goodbye I didn't want to do
yeah well it's good that you said
goodbye with the board because that's
how you close it before Saturday in fact
I think there's a spirit here that came
from your other location with really yes
would you feel that Terry it feels like
David it feels like David yeah he right
that's how amazing a 20 year old yeah
yeah I would make yeah yeah Santa Monica
which is party though Party Central
yeah not mob way but yeah and that's
what interesting is when I was there I
felt something the second that I moved
in there and it didn't feel bad or
anything that was the apartment I lived
in my I went through a lot of changes in
yes discovery this mess was like I was
emotional it was a really intense
year-long today it was and I felt this
really intense like depressed energy
with me mm-hmm
yeah that was Lee oftentimes people
spirits will follow you from place to
place especially if you haven't
completely cleared your energy of them I
mean some people would so bad they have
to get exorcisms this is not like The
Amityville Horror fair enough that's
many med bit here's my thought what
we're going to do is we are going to
talk to this spirit in this room
hopefully cleanse him out you're going
to do that over on their channel so guys
I'll put the link here go to the second
channel where we are going to hopefully
get rid of the ghost but but but if you
want to say that's why I do it you know
just like you have your robot Bartman
that's fine aren't you guys hopefully
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up and subscribe because I mean even do
some single day and if you don't give it
a thumb up David and Michael and all the
others are going to come to your house
and I'm going to find you why did you
cut your penis I got I got my penis on
my jeans so don't dry humping jeans
dry-hump in gym shorts you'll come you
cut your dick next up
