if I I'm really gonna get out why what
what did I do
I already ruined our date you're leaving
what happened is recording doesn't move
it's wait wait you said you're gonna
leave why if you play ha ha ha girl the
longest dog is not on Spotify honestly
here's what I did I was trying to feel
your vibe okay so what is gonna be very
wrong what are you gonna do this so I
pull out some oldies I pulled out some
goodies I pulled out them I love the old
do you know what you know I realize
during this whole day anytime I like say
something your reaction is always a bird
ha ha ha look always it's always a verb
like I just talk some shit you're like
go well guess what guys I'm gonna make
him burp and throw I've been looking at
myself for so long in this fuck me I
can't wait to fucking do your thumbnail
ready already
oh hey man oh my god
speaking of minuteearth
don't stop don't miss all your ladies ha
yo pussy like this chicken buddy don't
stop don't is just do it do it do it do
it do it now Nicky gonna suck this with
it like you should
all right now lick it good stop this
just like you should my name my bad dig
my crack actually brings me to my first
time
oh wait L me about your first sexual
experience how many cracks
did you lick have you dry hump that's
about them oh my god how was it did you
get your penis I cut I cut my penis on
my jeans
Marius yeah definitely in a book okay
we talked about it but first of all you
know what's so funny about him her
everything well I know I have never
heard someone stays actual name it's
either always Jacob saggy titties me
Jacob sar clitoris whoa
Jacob is arthritis I love that one that
guy gets his hand because he's alright
honestly I feel like whenever musically
people do meaning grits are like thank
you ok√∂ nice to meet you first off he's
like more pussy than any of us have
thing about big Ariel is getting her
pussy licked by huh and I want that sex
tape now and steelo old-school oh fuck
me
Oh God drag queens
oh yes okay so you love drag queens is
because I love drag queens so what do
you what do you love about drag queens
for us I just really appreciate their
self-expression nothing I love the
messiness what of the fishiness wife I
feel like no one of the main reasons I
love drag queens so much is because I
love Willam spigot drag queen it's like
my dragon song okay baby can't you see
natural
danger
speaking of toxic things if Britney
Spears you drink
oh you're 20 hahaha drug I don't do
anything
I'm a fucking child of some God that's
up in the fucking my name is no my sign
is no my number is no you need to let it
out that's a perfect segue because oh no
please don't know your favorite make a
trainer
make me stop just shade her wait why do
you shave her you hate her
no no my name is no my sign is no my
number is no you need to let it go let
it go you need to let it go
when I'm and people come up to you know
like in club you're like just in life
huh bitch I'm gonna like love hi
I'm actually the like most problematic
gay what is that I don't do anything gay
I understand what you're saying we're
done with this earlier like I don't buy
a bars I don't want you anything bad
chick-fil-a I tried I'm not into it till
the Chipotle I'm down that's very gay
girl but it does not revolve around you
know things like going down for your ass
oh my god wait he's got bad to have
Chipotle if you're gonna initiate in
some gay action I'm probably the worst
well see how Chipotle works especially
if you get corns I'm not gonna come out
in the most pleasant way and I have
heard stories of when people might have
had a Chipotle malfunction a burrito
that turned into a burrito that's why
for anyone who doesn't know there's
something great called douching well on
that note guys yes we are gonna go
douche and then we're gonna get back in
the car
and then over on twitch channels yeah
we're driving around and singing you're
gonna be picking the music I'm very
nervous but I'm very excited I'm nervous
somewhat we all sing his fucking songs
super love oh my vocation my you can do
Oh Donna no Nana and you like for all
the fucking papers you're like bitch
well if you want to see me cut myself go
Renee's channel subscribe another day
and I would say you little 22 star oh
fuck come on guys hey guys really quick
before this video is over I'm gonna
crash at twins as a guest on my podcast
hurt it please go let's do it right now
I'll put the link down there
soundcloud.com associated friends we
talked so much shit about youtubers
future busy doesn't like youtubers beefs
with it was fucking amazing we talked
about sex we talked about everything so
go check it out with the link down there
and okay bye guys I'm gonna crash
anybody who would eat this not on camera
for a YouTube video as a joke
I am worried for you I'm worried for
your family I'm honestly worried for
your future family actually your that's
not going to happen nobody will ever
make with you who need the purity ring
you're not I mean honestly just walk
around chewing on this this peep is the
pussy repellent
