hey guys guess what I just did a podcast
with Lohan theny fuck just kidding it's
twins and is up right now on
soundcloud.com slash a new friends and
the link is down there it's awesome
watch it how did it go it was phenomenal
we talked so much fucking shit we did so
much shit about so many youtubers and
you guys are gonna love it so go click
now bye Haiyan 2 guys I am so fucking
excited too excited but I don't care I'm
not gonna hide my emotions I'm not gonna
pretend like we just met and I don't
want to scare you off with my intense
emotions you ever do that with people
like hi nice to meet you I'm crazy you
know just like show them the real you
it's almost like a preview for a movie
they know is gonna be awful but yes I am
so excited today because I'm gonna be
trying different flavors of peeps peeps
are my favorite candy probably of all
time
I mean peeps are like Bond Eagles hair
goals wardrobe goals I'm an actual
fucking peep so I went to the store and
I saw that they had like multiple
different kinds I never tried before so
I was like you know what I'm gonna be
adventurous I'm gonna eat every kind of
paint they got and I'm also gonna do
self checkout because I don't want the
clerk to think I'm a crazy person did I
mention it's 1 a.m. on a Friday
hi I have 8000 P do I have a Club Card
no am I supposed to be out of the mental
institute right now no anyways let's get
peeping so I'm gonna start with one that
I have tried because um I just want to
eat it birthday party
oh my god oh wait party cake what could
they not get the rights to birthday cake
so I'm gonna be care open this bitch up
me always me and Sam pepper oh my God
look at her oh she's bedazzled she's
glittered she's sparkled oh she is the
prettiest little peep at the prom
I mean her only competition was me let's
be honest but she's the only one that's
gonna get some tongue oh my god oh my
god oh it's so good ooh she bad she know
it ok so now that we've had something
delicious that literally tastes like
Jesus's birthday like I'm in heaven
I died by the way and I'm in heaven
that's not realistic I would not go
there okay my life is Ava she died she's
in heaven and then Jesus is like oh shit
go yoga what's the birthday cake for
everybody
it and then all the angels and Eva
they're sitting around in their cake
you're like my life is over cuz I'm dead
but it's okay because I'm chillin with
Jesus in this cake and then I'm in Hell
and I'm eating what I'm about to taste
right now which is birth touch no it's a
peeps I love y'all
you know that I wish you could sponsor
me but you can't afford me I'm kidding
you can afford me literally five dollars
but peeps what the fuck
you don't mean like who the fuck like
why the fuck like when the fuck honestly
just all the fucks
this is disgusting everything about this
is disgusting bursts into fun with this
refreshing fruit punch flavor this makes
me want to burst through a wall and
fucking die also I did not know peeps
had a tagline it says express your peeps
tonality yep he they don't work now this
is sound like personality at all peep
man I don't know who's in charge over
the ppad corners but that chicken needs
to get fried let's do this oh no god
this smells like every girl in high
school who tried to dye her own here
with kool-aid and she got to school the
next day looking for and she'd be like
doesn't it look so supernatural and then
as she does this like fucking red dust
flies everywhere and everybody's
breathing it in
but she's Kelly the most popular girl at
school so you don't say anything well
guess what Kelly you look uglies fuck
you dumb bitch oh fuck
a lot of hidden anger sorry girl alright
here we go oh no Kelly I don't want to
do this I mean I want to do this just
not right now I want to wait I'm kidding
let's do this oh my god oh my god in
heaven
hanging out with Eva and r3 o beauty
what the fuck oh my god ah no no no this
he's like huh
this tastes wrong this he's like how
much did this YouTube party once and
they
this big jug that was like red and I was
like what is that they're like it jungle
juice and I'm like whoa what is that
like we mixed everything together that
we had to make those one big juice of
course in my head I'm like oh that's fun
so they put like diet coke and diet root
beer milk no they put all the alcohol
and it all ended up looking like an
abortion and I took one sip and let me
just tell you I was going sing all over
the place that's what this tastes like
like a drunk as a DIY youtuber next sour
watermelon cuz it gets worse once again
I don't know why they would do this
nobody likes the flavor of fake
watermelon and if you do like this
flavor of big watermelon please die we
need to get rid of some people on this
planet anyways like we're overpopulated
so I feel like that's a good way to do
it like a trick question but you go into
a school and you're like okay children
everybody raise your hands if you like
to play the part of her show ultimately
I don't know why the principle is though
I love a cheese and then like five kids
raise their hands
okay 1 2 3 4 5 ok can you all come to
the hallway with me and just leave your
belongings you know what leave your
identification cards you know what let's
burn those and then those kids are never
heard from again
anyways let's try this okay oh God oh
yeah it smells like every annoying ass
kids burp in high school like they'd
have the Jolly Ranchers in their mouths
because I thought it'd look cool then
they'd like ferb then you'd smell that
nasty-ass scent and then for some reason
all the cheerleaders will want to kiss
them because they're so cool they're so
hot they're so awesome
oh fuck you Kelly I really need to
unfollow her on Facebook okay here we go
No oh my god oh my god where's Ella girl
can you kill me right now can you come
up here and shoot my head off oh my god
this is so bad I can't even make a joke
about it
anybody who would eat this not on camera
for a YouTube video as a joke I am
worried for you I'm worried for your
family I'm honestly worried for your
future family actually you're that's not
gonna happen nobody will ever mate with
you who need the purity ring you're not
I mean honestly just walk around chewing
on this this peep is the pussy repellent
all right let's try another one I hope
this next one is good what should I look
give me a good one lime delight why do I
even wake up in the morning okay you
know what this could be good cuz I love
key lime pie so maybe this little tastes
like booze yeah little hard bottom okay
maybe this can be good I'm gonna give
this one a real chance oh I like her mmm
the bottom is like a it's like a lime
fudge which sounds gross but for some
reason it works and then the top is like
a fluffy lime
oh she's killing it Kelly who you know I
mean like this is the new girls school
you know he's like bring it on when
Eliza Dushku walked in and she started
with back flips and your chains are
flying everywhere and Kirsten Dunst was
like this is a ki Fateh like that's this
moment like bring it on
peace or nothing you know I mean that's
good thank God for this blow raspberry
ever having had that good moment just
now with that line peep and I was all
happy and excited well this is bring it
on to with Hayden canotary
Christina Mille this straight-to-dvd
this is straight to the clearance
section of Walmart this was by to forget
on get the one with Brooke Hogan for
free all right here we go oh I am
rethinking my life do I want to live
anymore I don't think so
oh this is not horrible but oh this
smells like every 7-eleven I've ever
been into it's like a mixture of a
Slurpee and blood and fecal matter and
hotdogs but in the 7-eleven that's the
same thing all right here we go you know
what I could hate on this I can like
make jokes about it and do wacky faces
but honestly I don't hate it I mean I
don't love it it's not great it tastes
this is very specific but it tastes like
those Slurpees at the movie theater that
they only sell with the polar bears on
them but they
sell them at the ghetto theaters like
the ones I used to go to in Long Beach
like they're not Slurpees there's
something else like rust-eze slurs shoot
please garsh please
that's not even work all right one more
we are going to try orange cream now
these are funnies I already don't trust
it oh no first of all they were like
really soft like much softer than the
peas oh okay I'm not an orange cream
person anyways I don't know who is
unless you're literally 88 years old but
I'm gonna give this one a chance cuz you
know quality oh my god no no hell no no
fuck equality now bunnies can go fuck
themselves I don't want them around oh
my god nobody wants that and by the way
this was in the Easter section for all
the kids in their baskets if I was a kid
and I got that my basket I'd be happy
honestly because when I was getting get
no basket I think I got one basket one
year it is cuz like I can't feel real
guilty about something did but honestly
if you're a normal kid with a normal
childhood of normal parents if they got
you that you know you need to emancipate
you need a Lindsay Lohan to get the fuck
out of that mess oh you know what before
we go I did get this cuz I honestly just
wanted to try to break it this is a
hollow chocolate a with a fucking peep
inside mmm fun I'm eight no y'all want
to see a break there's a channel on
YouTube that I started watching and it's
literally this guy in his kid and they
just open stuff like they bring stuff in
half they're literally like oh let's
just break this fucking bowling ball I
have let's just break this fucking
candle and a half but for some reason
they all have ten million views and
those are all from me so this is my
let's break it in half video okay here
it is chuckling now let's break it in
half it's harder than it looks
ah fuck all right I'm just gonna all
right let's go press oh oh oh she's
hatching oh my god like Jurassic world
you see her
oh she's poking through Oh
oh my god I just made a miracle oh
that's so cool and look at it a little
oh oh it's so cute yes that's a lot
bitch or here's ago I was be trying a
bunch of peeps I'm gonna watch all the
peeps off my fingers you me up your
VidCon I think I hope you enjoy people
with me and repeat with you make sure
you give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I'll see you little
peep Strom oh my god oh wait what is
happening what is happening why are all
these videos from hell is
