hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com where I react to
things that are blowing up on the
internet as we as the human race have
learned from Hannah Montana nobody's
perfect
all born with flaws and imperfections
they might manifest themselves in
personality traits
perhaps your kleptomaniac who enjoys
stealing people's wigs of their heads
all the time
maybe you lie all the time just kidding
I've never told the lot maybe your
imperfections are more physical you
could have a set of lips on your
forehead maybe your nose is a little bit
too big or too small for your liking
since you actually have to put in work
to fix the things that are wrong with
you that are personality traits we as
human beings have created plastic
surgery I'm dancing about it because
it's exciting so today's episode of I'm
not calm we are going to be reacting to
a few crazy plastic surgery videos I'm
not
full-on nervous but I'm uneasy because I
don't want to see this okay computer
right here and I'm going to be going on
to YouTube and typing in crazy plastic
surgery let's see some people cut open
not a sentence I say every day more like
every other day the thumbnails alone for
the first video those popping up is
about a year old it has a thousand views
in a just entitled bunion screw removal
the music what cute royalty-free tuners
she's that nice being twisted into a
foot what why is it happening so calmly
also why is the foot a bright yellow
color my god was the screw supposed to
be in there they're pulling the screw
out oh my god that looks like a screw
like you would use to hang up a picture
another so this is happening it's all
happening so fast I definitely have to
follow up questions why was the screw in
there was it supposed to be in there and
why wasn't it like rusty or at least
something I feel like putting a screw
inside a body and then like sealing it
up the screw would have some sort of
reaction where it's like hey not a fan
of being in this body and the next thing
that we are absolutely going to have to
search in terms of crazy plastic surgery
trendy happening sort of procedure at
the moment but implants okay so one of
the first videos popping up has a very
aggressive title it is called watch
implants gone bad don't make a joke out
of another's pay in exclamation
exclamation so let's watch it very
gently and not make any jokes about it
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm
gagging I'm sorry but gagging no it
should not be able to flip over like a
little pancake I definitely wasn't like
turned on I feel bad for her it looks
like somebody just like cut open her
skin shoved in a little tiny pillow
sewed it back up and was like here's
your new ass that is enough crazy
plastic surgery for today I think I'm
definitely less likely to get butt
implants I wasn't so likely to get them
in the first place but now it's lowered
its lowered the odds by a good like 5%
tonight you guys we're talking this wild
episode about common people to meet you
with our awesome internet shrapnel feel
during this episode give it a thumbs up
and head on over to my channel over
other first links in the description to
check out the last video that is a
player question today would you ever get
plastic surgery and if so what would you
do let me know by leaving a comment I
will see you next week with a brand new
episode of I'm calm so good
