Hanabi guys I don't know about you but I
tend to fall down those really creepy
YouTube holes and can't get out the
other day I watched a teen RCL Beauty
videos and then a video of some girl
teaching me how to shave my agenda and
it showed her entire vagina I guess it
was educational so it was allowed to be
on YouTube I don't know all I know is my
next video is gonna be me showing you
how to shave that a big area between
your balls at your home and how you
shave it is your job but today I thought
you know what instead of falling down
that hole alone
now that hole you know what that work
instead of going on the YouTube hole
alone I just bring a friend so I'm going
to bring you just in case I fell down so
far that I need you to grab me and get
me out and today the whole is ASMR
videos if you don't know what ASMR
videos are you're really missing out
basically it's videos of people making
sounds and there's some people out there
in the world who when they hear these
sounds they like have brain orgasms like
this is legit like somebody eating chips
could give somebody a brain orgasm to me
it gives me a brain aneurysm and it
makes me want to take that person eating
those loud bass chips and throw their
head into the fucking ground over and
over and over again say yeah yeah you
like that crunch what about this crunch
pitch crunch crunch crunch - I'm going
to love these videos let's get started
so there's an ASMR video for everything
so my point is we're just going to type
in ASMR and then some random-ass word
see what happens so let's do ASMR
Chipotle oh my god there's so many oh
okay let's do oh I love this girl
okay this is ASMR Chipotle beans fried
onion and whispers hahaha that's my
actual nightmare
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay
okay I'm gonna try to be respectful
she's cute like I'm not making fun of
her
I'm not clocking her on her children's
bedroom even though she is not a child
there's just some very uh ever seen a
movie room you know the bed she like
locked in her house for ten years that
she can't get out yeah the Oscar goes to
this bitch ooh wait what okay this is
where I'm an ass of our video to like a
cooking show for people who are high
she's like hey I got some fried ass
onions some cheese apples of fruit loops
in it I think there's a Chipotle bowl
with the bottom but I quite sure yet
let's just put some whipped cream on top
like what I love it
boo oh I did not like that fork grab
that you're gonna hurt your teeth girl
and there's no dentist in your room and
if you're locked in your room how are
you gonna fix them ooh oh she left me
too girl ha ha ha ha wait where's this
gonna go oh is this gonna turn to an
ASMR diarrhea because subscribe boo get
those beans grow Oh does she like them
when I may be a little bit hold on I
want to read the comments on this okay
there are none okay well a lot of people
like it has a lot of use you know what I
kind of get this because I feel like you
know when you're eating by yourself and
kind of lonely and boring like I would
probably turn this on while I was eating
so like me and her are eating together I
like her okay let's type in ASMR but oh
my god there's so much ass okay where do
we start
alright this one is called ASMR thigh
buttocks and leg massage oh okay that is
definitely a man's hands on a girl's ass
Oh God first of all my friend in high
school well this is her
for that same outfit That's not me
touching her but I wish it was see
instead that's like a really cool guy
touching her and then I'm the one
filming it so that's my life he's kind
of rubbing her like she's a rotisserie
chicken like I don't know if that sexy
is that sexy to you guys it's not to me
it kind of just makes me hungry
ooh sliding up on it she's up she just
farted
does she this part also why isn't she
like moaning does she not is she dead
oh my god this is going to take a turn
it's gonna be handsome are burying the
body Oh little ass scratches like she's
a damn cat okay I'm a little
uncomfortable I might believe this one
what are the comments on this oh my god
and somebody says my dick loves this
video hahahaha
once I've been ASMR ooh ASMR pimples
don't judge me
oh my god there's so many this one's
called pop expert pimple extractions
okay first of all this is not ASMR
because this bitch is too loud and she's
blowing out my headphones second of all
why would this woman say okay to this hi
I'm the doctor it's not okay about film
your nasty-ass pimple popping from my
YouTube channel and just let you know
when I do your ass exam I'm gonna be
snapchatting that are you okay if I put
your pussy on cake like what are you
doing
up here we go ooh I want to pop that one
who her you see her in the bottom yeah
that's it
get it get it we get a smorgasbord if
anybody ever looked in my face and
called it a smorgasbord I would kill
myself damn look at this buffet he got
off his back look at this Thanksgiving
meal he got in between his ass cheese
actually that all sounds delicious
though she knows I love it oh god oh god
oh no oh my god what is she doing oh my
god she's screaming her skin off I was
just trying to have a great orgasm what
happened guys I'm calling them all help
me okay first of all what kind of doctor
is this I know a dermatologist but what
kind of doctor is this why would you go
to a doctor to pop your dams is with a
steak knife and a fork do it at home
with your fingers why is this good she's
just digging at her face with a spoon
you might as well use a spork
I'm leaving this video because I'm very
uncomfortable all right ASMR laughing
really that could be good okay this
one's called ASMR it's a good laugh okay
oh I hate this oh my god I hate this
song oh wait what breathing technique Oh
oh my god this is exactly why I do not
FaceTime with people from tinder haha it
is this oh my god this is terrified
Oh got a dribble all over him hahaha oh
my god is that goes oh my god this is a
demon
this is like in your head when you fall
down in public or when you do something
stupid and then people start laughing
and then in your head it's like
everybody's laughing and it's echoey
and it's loud and there's like faces
everywhere like that's this okay I'm
going to leave this video because that's
probably the scariest thing I've ever
seen in my life
we're gonna dance my farts oh my god
this one is called ASMR deep fart
inhaling for mental ill a oh my god oh
wait what is happening what is happening
why are all these videos from hell hey
who actually this one was better it's
called the farting on a poor innocent
defenseless mic oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my gosh
Oh Oh
first of all his hole is tight
that's a baby hole he's it he got in
finesse signal is he okay awesome he has
a whole channel it's called fart master
there's so many videos oh my god there's
so many oh my god this one's called the
ass to ass farting
yes oh my god oh my god
first of all I can hear his mom in the
background she's like hey I asked you
what you wanted from Subway Rodney are
you farting on camera again oh when you
have me in one of your fart videos who
you can fart on mama I want to be famous
oh my god okay we're going to leave this
entire situation because I can't take
any more leave me a comment letting me
know what ASMR videos we should look up
next also should I make one like I make
my own ASMR what if I become like the
queen of ASMR videos you mean that girl
in her room with the frozen posters
everywhere worst eat beans I hope she
sees this I hope she knows I love her I
love you eat me you guys don't meantime
this video give it a thumbs up and
subscribe anything and I'll see you
little farts tomorrow alright wait don't
really good yeah oh you're right really
yeah you've lost me some flesh no we dip
it yeah
