payments any guys really quick before
today's video starts I hear the psychic
twins and we just did a reading of the
ghost in my house and that video is
going up very soon so you guys will see
that but right now go to their channel
because they did a reading with Matthew
lush where they predicted his
relationships and it got real dramatic
so I'll put the link down there but
check it out all right you ready to fuck
up man oh my god I thought that was your
vagina for a second but it is your
strings I was like whoa she's a loosey
goosey tonight hey guys that's right
we're doing what you guys have all been
not waiting for which is a sex position
challenge this is going to be so
exciting because we've never really done
anything like this before what you're
right because usually the sex positions
were just you were just like flopped
down because it's tube is awesome first
of all no first of all I tried to work
and then you would be like if just let
me finish and it was me on my back and
then you cover my face and you look up
and then you cry but you finish yeah so
today we're going to do that I've always
wanted to this challenge but then if we
broke up when this challenge was started
and then I was like hey it's too weird
do this now right and you're like what
and then I was gonna do a Trish and then
I'm like I feel like then you get mad
yeah me like fucking a girl and I was
like I'll deal with the guy then I'm
like that's too real so then now we're
doing it together yeah this is really
special so wait have you done this
before how do we do this okay so we're
gonna look up like top ten crazy sex
positions and then
gonna pretend 10 of the weirdest and
most dangerous positions you know
dangerous
I'll get the lighter by the way we both
first of all we're both completely
dressed black head to toe yeah oh wow
okay this one is called bad game
oh that looks like I'm gonna break
something it says try not to break your
neck are you serious yeah okay so he's
on his knees and she's she's like she's
like just da wait but her asked his in
his dick yeah you gotta pull my legs up
and then I go alright here we go
yeah don't break my neck yeah so you
have to get ready one choice we
shouldn't work what do i put it in i
think you putting in my house if i put
it in your astra no then i would break
my dick and my vagina is all the way up
here resources that you need to grow
longer dick I almost just flipped over
broker we did it okay now season what's
next a cigarette it now and therapy this
one's called a speed bump
it says I love for you to climb on my
back and crush me with your weight what
do you remember the first time and I was
like weird rats will react Oh
I was like hey it's my first time I'm
really nervous and you're like it's okay
gotta make sentences with your version
watch so much porn - I think that that
happened shit okay no so this is
different so lay on your stomach this is
like oddly intimate okay so you're on
your stomach yes and your legs are in
between mine but you let go like like
pop your fuck yeah because she's like oh
if you had a quick a we don't quite
ready open yeah ready oh yeah get to it
pretty sure can you breathe
yeah wait don't really give yeah oh
you're like really yeah you possibly
some flesh that we did it yeah okay next
yeah this one's called the passion
propeller whoa okay so I'm on my back ah
don't worry I got this no way your knees
are sweating
now sham something like Raja they told
me it was okay it was my abs this is the
propeller oh you know what it is I think
it's supposed to go like you are you're
in the sky yeah nailed it okay this is
getting soy that looks not consensual
this is like hit the spot so basically
oh think what ha I think you have to
break your legs for Ken does not look
safe okay cameras like this this oh I
don't like this before
oh oh oh I don't like this making you
think this is okay yeah yo E
okay so you got out of my backpack for
we got that right here okay won't we do
this come back you call it a day Oh
looks like whole difference points to
two more I'm tired too or this one's
called this harderberg
okay wait whoa okay I think this is like
simple but why you gotta love to let you
go
so much work for example my vagina is so
much lower than go for the bottom like
that all right this one is the last one
it's called the wheel
wheelbarrow and it says this is so much
effort oh my god if I wasn't Balraj
actually killed you
well there you guys go whoo this is
great fun oh my god I'm so tired our
therapist would certainly agree that
this is a great idea for us I think this
is a good example for everybody out
there who is learning about
relationships and love and what it means
and like when you break up still have
sex with each other with your clothes on
and it'll be just normal as long as you
feel it as long as you're videotaping it
as long as you have a good angle you
make yourself a real skin yeah thanks
for being my partner and strange crime
oh look this one is called up on help me
guys I can't go releases you know
because we did the makeup we just pissed
speaking of lemon healthy we go check
that out and I being pranked Aaron Vader
farewell also this video thumbs up and
subscribe to the news every day and I
will see you little wheel barrels - oh
my god hey oh my god I used to ask for
this every year for Easter and I said I
just got a lot of you know reality
checks there's no Easter Bunny a fat
little fuck thanks guys just kind of
wanted a recess a but thanks for the
truth bomb
