this is happening Anthony guys yes a
couple weeks ago I made a giant birthday
cake milk chicken I was like you know
what how do I talk that how can I
passively talk the sadness and sugar
count racist I went to the store and I
bought everything that had Reese's on it
and there are so many things like what
the fuck is this
high reasons what the fuck who is she I
don't know but I bought it all so
basically how it's gonna work is I'm
going to throw everything in that
blender blend it up and hopefully make
something that I don't want to drink the
entire thing of that's impossible
who wouldn't want to drink this probably
the same person let's get started okay
so we're going to start with resis ice
cream which I'm so happy I found cuz
last time we didn't have birthday cake
ice cream so you know that was a misstep
but now we fixing our problems hi I'm
Shane I'm running for president I'll fix
your problems having serious issues how
about some Reese's ice cream lost your
whole family in a tragic fire have no
money to go for you read how about a
recess a vote for me okay I've never
have this ice cream so I'm honestly
really excited about it
Oh oh my god it smells like a frozen
peanut butter Wonderland blue in the way
it scoops by the way this is not
sponsored I feel like Reese's does not
want me to do this
I feel like Reese's would see this and
be like man now we're good we don't want
to be a part of this okay let's try a
little bit oh oh oh oh my god it's so in
me it's so deep okay let's go like two
huge s scoops in here oh yes ooh I love
when you dig too deep and then the ice
cream kind of tweets at you you know
come up like you go so far then it goes
hiss love that but ice cream is in there
what's next I am so excited to cook it
combat all right let's just go you know
basic we're gonna put two Reese's peanut
butter cups in there there was no reason
for me to buy the six-pack about cheated
you know Easter's around the corner yeah
that's what it is you know I'll make it
Easter baskets for all my kids I could
find kids right drop that in there let's
drop one more for good luck Oh OOP
Reese's Pieces
nothing could be a nice little addition
you know
give it some texture now you don't want
to add too much because you don't want
to overpower the milkshake so I'm just
gonna add like you know a dab okay now
this one's a little well nutty if you
will but these are Reese's pop-tarts I
don't know how this is gonna Dick's
milkshake but you know what fuck it
we're adventurous oh my god
oh my god I love these so much hmm
you're the best one every time i
youtuber does trying Pop Tarts big oh
it's so gross oh my god who would even
eat this me me and everybody you know
you fucking liar oh so good okay so now
it's got a little Reese's minis in here
oh my god oh my god oh my god just like
crack it open
turn on little women of Atlanta I just
go in who needs friends you know I mean
who needs love who needs a job when you
have candy and TV all right I don't want
the fuck bitches this is a recent spread
snackers dippers there's a lot of puffy
words on here oh they had a foot was he
Shane you're fat by it okay they're
little like little things need to come
in here I guess and the whoo I love the
creaminess ha ha ha that was the
creepiest air I've ever given you and
I'm giving you some creepy upstairs but
that was worth it oh this is good ok
it's like a melted resis oh and then you
just dip it with this little fucking
cookie stick yeah we're gonna throw that
in there for sure now this is a Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup a cupcake oh my god
look at her oh I got to you know I mean
let's just take a little look actually
no wait let's cut her in half
aah whoo let's see what's inside oh my
gosh a bar a little peanut butter on you
okay let's do this oh my god I'm almost
too nervous to put this in there because
I feel like she is above that like
that's fun but like this is classy like
that's Claire's this is Nordstrom's you
know what bitch we in a recession so
everybody got to go to work okay
these are Chips Ahoy Reese's flavor oh
my god are they soft please tell me
they're soft
yeah it's they're soft oh my god I hate
crunchy cookies fuck you have a crunchy
cookie I don't want it I love a good old
softy yeah me Oh
oh my god you know this tastes slick we
all know what this tastes like it tastes
like happy it tastes like heaven
it tastes like summer vacation it tastes
like ooh mom got sick we don't have to
go to church today
it tastes like whoo the priest just got
convicted of child molesting we never up
your church again that's what this
tastes like
drop on the Booker Reese's puffs you
know part of every children's morning
there's a nice healthy way to start your
day go to school have to punch sugar
piss off my teachers every day is a
little bit closer to diabetes oh but it
smells so good oh yes all right I only
have a few more things left and starting
to get nervous and trying to get excited
I'm nervous now instead of just using
normal milk obviously I'm gonna go crazy
and use melted Hershey's chocolate box
why do they sell then who buys this
besides me
all right let's pour her in oh my god oh
I don't know what just happened
I was just possessed all right now we're
gonna throw in some Reese's shell
guys we're getting close can you feel it
I feel all my order is typing feel my
asking fat I mean honestly it's just a
typical day right a little bit of that
now last but not least the Beast The
Magicians we have our Reese's egg oh my
god I asked for this every year for
Easter and I said I just got a lot of
you know reality checks there's no
Easter Bunny a fat little fuck thanks
guys just kind of wanted a Reese's egg
but thanks for the truth bomb
all right let's crack her open
oh I should honestly get into food porn
good I mean like porn you know food porn
yeah oh so that moan about the food
bored moan I got it down
alright let's crack a little bit of that
in there and maybe a little more ice
cream and then I think we're good and I
good I mean bad very bad
alright let's pray to God this actually
blends ready 1 2 3 that is the sound of
that
okay it's raining believe it come
alright here we go oh my gosh this is
gonna actually kill me so thumbs up rest
in peace oh my god yeah oh my god oh
okay okay okay okay we're ready now okay
where do I go okay whipped cream whipped
cream that's right okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah what your economic all kinds and
all that much time it's melting OOP okay
a couple little races pops ooh ooh a
couple mini races yeah yeah yeah that
looks good whoo and then one big reset
all right with that Daddy right on top
we need a straw okay now the straw huh
get a look at that whoo it's falling
apart I don't even care okay here we go
first sip I wish you guys could taste
this with me and really do what you can
ha oh my god oh my god ok ok that's a
lot that's a lot it's good but hello
that is that the fuck me up
that could fuck me up for life oh my god
oh my god guys oh my god it's like
chunky like you have to it which is a
little weird but then also not like I
love a good drink you can chew and that
you could taste everything like I tasted
the pop-tart then I tasted the reason
that it taste the egg then I tasted the
cereal and then I tasted happiness I
tasted total complete happiness I tasted
love Blair you guys ago I wish you could
try this I'll give it to you through the
computer there you go take a step yeah
you did you have a diabetes heart attack
great leave me a comment letting me know
what I should make next what other kind
of weird fucking thing should I do I
don't know I have fun with this I'll
subscribe that I knew to do someday I
don't see little Reese's peanut butter
cups tomorrow here is a picture of
Stevie Wonder taking a picture with a
camera of Michael Jackson I mean what
like what he's taking a picture
haha I know how is he getting it
perfectly on Michael Jackson like what
