that's if you guys yes today I'm going
to be trying something that I've been
hearing about since high school
and I'm fucking sick of it Shane I love
you and the friends are like a fat
brother ok yeah I'm kind of sick of that
too
but I'm also sick of chick-fil-a I
literally have been hearing about this
fucking restaurant I'm not going to call
it a restaurant
this fucking brainwashing fast food
knock CK up or everybody tries it and
then they're addicted to it and it's all
they talk about and it's their life
mission to make you fucking try it and
get addicted to it and talk about it
it's the Scientology of crispy chicken
sandwiches and I'm pretty sure I've
never tried it I think I went there once
a long time ago and I took a bite of
something but I'm pretty sure I spit it
out honestly I felt like I was cheating
on Taco Bell and I didn't want to hurt
her feelings because talking about is
not just a friend talk about is my wife
I have a bag here the chick-fil-a and I
want you to try some of their popular
items who smell is garbage okay let's do
this so this first one is just the
standard crispy chicken sandwich I feel
like it's probably gonna honestly be
okay how do you fuck up a chicken
sandwich she's real wet she also has no
smell extremely wet with no smell this
is the opposite of my love life okay
let's give this baby a chocolate
actually what's inside what that's it
yeah that's that it's just that no sauce
no cheese no mayonnaise you're giving me
a chicken sandwich not fully dressed my
chickens they just need to be killing it
they need to be snatched they need to be
fishy as fuck whatever I'll try this
basic ass bitch okay well let me just
say she's not bad
Oh homeopathy oh okay
she's not bad she's not good she's
definitely problematic it's like sweet
in a weird way like a sweet cereal like
do they fry this thing like covered in
Captain Crunch like what the hell is
that tastes like a sugary chicken which
is weird cuz it looks real basic like
that I kind of know why there's no sauce
on it because it's so wet and so sugary
it's very bizarre you know what else is
confusing doesn't check full I hate gay
people did I just make them up I think I
remember that happening and this is the
gayest chicken I've ever taken about
this chicken was rolling around the coop
she was showing off her dance moves she
covered herself in sugar she went out on
the town that night fell on his mom it's
a real messy ass bird but that thing he
said it is not good so my hopes are
destroyed that's why I have no hopes I
knew this was going to be awful
next sandwich what is this yeah I mean
listen if I go to a fast-food restaurant
I wanted to look like dad made it in a
toilet and then covered it in ranch like
what is this this is an actual like
picnic sandwich by the way two people do
picnics is that a still a thing
I would never go on a picnic in a public
park especially in LA you know how many
dead homeless people are everywhere and
by the way what do they do with the
bodies like two dead homeless people
have funerals or is that what jello is
made out of
okay here we go what is this okay this
is the chicken salad sandwich hmm
yeah that looks real delicious okay once
again doesn't have a smell very confused
by all this food with no smells all
right okay I'm just gonna do it huh just
like every Marvel reference of the
Deadpool movie I'm confused
like this sandwich is not for me this is
the Deadpool sandwiches like I was not
demo but for some reason I like it and
it kind of looks like Ryan Reynolds face
like you know I mean like save my life
like put a bag over your head you know
me but you can fucking with bag over it
but but I love you anyways by the way
sign up maybe i've already talked about
this but am i the only one
you look better at like a burn victim
like what does that say about me though
yeah I mean like I keep my bar real low
like on tinder when I'm swiping I'm like
acne attacks over six-packs
you know it's good I don't know I kind
of like this the Birkett smell like
nothing this is magic food waffle fry
okay I'm sorry I did not mean to get
excited about chick-fil-a fuck you for
doing that to me
but I do love a good waffle Brian whoo I
love taking the waffle fry and then put
a little something on it and to put
another in the waffle fry on top and you
got no waffle fries today which whenever
I do stuff like that I just imagine that
I'm like making it for somebody else and
I got making a little treat for someone
like a friend or a special somebody and
then I'm not and then I just eat it but
like it makes it less sad if you think
you're making it for somebody else kind
of like when you order food to go and
you ask for like three sets of
silverware you know you don't need that
alright I'm also trying this sauce
Polynesian sauce now I don't want to
have a tumblr scandal but I don't really
know what Polynesian tastes like I'm
sure it tastes just like everybody else
but I'm excited about this I'm an Asian
girl oh my god man you dragged me in
Polynesia colonies someday Polly need
some shots
Paula needs to figure her life out and
just like get her shit together and just
like go back to college Papa needs a lot
okay here we go I'm gonna take one of
these little babies by the way not as
crispy or as brown and as I was
expecting that's okay
once again tumblr I love all colors of
fries good just that's really cheese
fries like get the fuck off with that
like what is that why would you want to
put something about a hot dog on top of
french fries those are two different
things
oh shit tumblr no I'm sorry french fries
you could be whatever you want here we
go whoo okay I like the texture I like
the consistency and let's give it a good
old shutter babies okay this is no
disrespect to Polynesia I bet you're
real good alone but with your boyfriend
waffle fight y'all have a toxic
relationship
the confession that was by far the worst
fry I've ever had in my life and I used
to go to Fuddruckers a lot and those
aren't even fries I'm pretty sure those
are fingers fingers oh my god the dead
homeless people that's where they go
there was bats
I hated that that was gross it tasted
like every frozen french fry I've ever
had but then they all got together and
they were like aw shit we should have
children Paul but we can't breed by
ourselves
what should we breed with oh I stopped
it's dead homeless person in the park I
was thinking that we could maybe like
and then that's what happened Paul
chicken nuggets for whatever the fuck
they call this chick fella no it's tiny
little pieces of trash okay first of all
what are these shapes that looks like a
rat that looks like a testicle and that
looks like a little emoji smile face
these are honestly my most used emoji
okay uh what should we do this is we got
some honey mustard sauce now I feel like
they can't fuck out honey mustard honey
mustard one of those things that nobody
can fuck up but honey mustard is the
whole house theme song of mustards you
know me like when I heard Carly Brad was
doing it I was like what you will fuck
this up but then I remembered no that
song is classic nobody could fuck that
up and when I heard it that first time
she would've bow-wow
I give like myself I got Kimmy all over
the place ooh spray that me ooh what is
that color oh no this is not the Carly
Rae oh look at this look at that loose
all right well maybe it'll taste good
with a chicken let's give it a try okay
here we go
I can't stop thinking about the theme
soccer for all I'm hearing right now
everywhere you look everywhere Pizza ah
there's a ah sometimes they remember
that I'm 27 and I'm sitting in my
kitchen alone at 1:00 a.m. singing to a
chicken nugget the full house theme song
and I think maybe I should end it all
shubao oh no oh this is not giving good
where No
Oh Little Nicky and Alex those two
fucking twins nobody wanted that why is
the chicken so sweet what the fuck is
wrong with this listen I love sweets you
know that but I don't like my chicken to
taste a sugar-coated God I need to get
the sweetness out of my mouth here let
me just grab my sweet ass diet root beer
oh all right I have one more thing to go
and I'm expecting it to not be good but
I'm gonna give her one that last shot
this is her last chance to crisp follow
up this is the spicy chicken sandwich
now it says spicy so if she is sugary
you're going to see a very angry shame
like a little puppet Shane is here
trying crazy truth and bisection okay
let's do this there we go there you go
you're back in the game baby
this is a lady gaga chicken she had her
comeback you know like she had her art
pop moment and everybody was like oh did
she enter American Horror Story moment
and like a lot of people were like yeah
but then a lot of people are like I
don't know and then she hit us with that
song about rape this is the anti rate
song of chicken sandwiches it is
inspiring
it is emotional I'm sure some of the
proceeds go to a charity I'm feeling
this one thank you chick-fil-a no fuck
you chick-fil-a I hate you you hate gay
people you make all your chicken taste
like fucking candy but you did one thing
right but I'm still never going back
what are you guys go that was me trying
to chick-fil-a for the first time and um
you know it was gross but no offense if
you love your chick-fil-a you know I'm
just gonna stay in my corner and stay in
your corner like my corner got crunch
rats and you know got go dude approaches
your corner has some sad ass chickens
covered in some nasty-ass sauce but
maybe one day we could come together and
get along that's a lie that never
happens people hate each other and it'll
never end
my guy has a little chicken nuggets
small actually no let's take a little
sip of this because you know why fuck
now oh fuck
oh my god we don't even need to do this
and we'll just do this you know me see
y'all later subscribe I make videos
every single day
