hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com where I react to
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
ha ha ha huh something you may not know
about me personally is I'm a relatively
so joking with you but sometimes the
conversation doesn't come to you and you
have to start the conversation so I have
a few basic questions that I like to ask
people when starting a conversation
starters the last people what's new
what's happening in your life tell me
all about it another thing I like to ask
people is how their family's doing or
how their friends doing your significant
other just to show that I remember
little details about them and I care the
third question that all sometimes ask
people to break the ice a little bit is
how do you feel about Scientology when
people turn the tables and ask that
question to me I realized that I really
know a lot about Scientology so today's
episode of balm comm is all about
reacting to PSAs from Scientology so the
next time I'm in a conversation I can
give just as much as I take from that so
computer right here I'm going to be
going to YouTube and typing in
Scientology PSA to see if these PSAs
will convince me to be a Scientologist
I'm struggling because each of the
videos that I've clicked on so far is an
anti Scientology PSA if I just type in
Scientology I can find like the official
Scientology YouTube channel ok here we
go
so one of the first videos that is
popping up on this channel is called
Scientology's Super Bowl ad 2016 who am
i TV commercial it's lots of like lights
and things happening really question
people on Saul's lights things like
things what the question that lies at
the intersection of Technology and
spirituality flat and
it's for the beginning 20 seconds it was
just shots of like things happening and
people doing things while they're saying
technology exists which is something
that we already know zoomable you're
going to delve a little bit into the
channel to human rights video number
eight protected by law okay fade in on a
narrow way okay I like the rapping
that's fun
what do you saying you've been right
number eight your human rights are
protected by law
I did not currently identify as a
Scientologist and I'm still like 95%
sure I have basic human rights also with
the rapping wasn't totally sure what he
was saying 100% the time but I really
enjoyed the sick beat I mean I got into
it okay the final Scientology video
we're going to be watching today is l
ron Hubbard Scientology religion founder
of aids in he was the Beagle youngest
Eva Kroon at the age of 13 I wanted to
be that's one of the attended America's
first class this is creepy it was a
pioneer it was a master mariner explores
pictures captain's vessels okay I need
to pause this for a moment could you
imagine if youtubers made videos like
this
her name is Alexis Jesus she possesses a
face a mouth hair and even
and join her religion and give her money
okay here's what I take away from this
is if I felt like starting up religion I
could all I have to do may successful on
is take a bunch of stock video kind of
add some fades over each other and talk
about humans and uh there you go I'm
gonna go to sleep
thank you guys so much watching this
creepy episode about Commonwealth we've
been an issue with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed this episode
give it a thumbs up and check out the
latest video over on my channel it will
be one of the first links in the
description portion today what are your
thoughts on Scientology and cults in the
Illuminati and all that crazy stuff let
me know by leaving a comment I will see
you next week with the radio episode Bob
calm Zog
