hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck new my name is
desperate I can't be the only person
that wonders if their spells in the
Harry Potter universe for sex genitalia
erectus vagina lubricant is he just a
bore to kiss no just me okay welcome
back to what the fuck news are we
talking about the news that makes you
question what the fuck is wrong with the
world and the first thing that I'm
talking about today guys we finally did
it the moment we've all been waiting for
has finally arrived because as of last
week Leonardo DiCaprio won his very
first Oscar holy shit finally about talk
to you because it was just becoming sad
at this point like there's legitimately
a game made about how the anartha
DiCaprio can't win an Oscar as great as
this is can we all just have a moment of
silence for all the memes that die this
night rest in peace memes but after
being nominated six times the past he's
finally won his first Oscar for Best
Actor on the movie retina which I am not
seeing apparently a bear has sex with a
minute guess that's all I need to do to
get an Oscar find a bear make him have
sex with me boom Oscar laughter you got
as a warrior to give a speech say thank
you thank you
very much thank you to the Academy thank
you to all of you in this room I have to
congratulate the other incredible
nominees this year later the speech
though he goes on to talk about climate
change saying climate change is real it
is happening right now it is the most
urgent threat facing our entire species
I thank you all for this amazing Award
tonight let us not take this planet for
granted
I do not take tonight for granted thank
you so very much and I think that
everyone is just so happy for a winning
that they just didn't care what he said
you could have made up some random shit
and everyone would still be like yeah
yeah
Raptor attacks it is the most dangerous
thing facing our world also please make
a stand against Lord Voldemort he cannot
go on with his no no son of a bitch ways
like to take the cast and crew of the
revenant and also vote for Pedro thank
you - the award ceremony you tweeted
saying thank you to the Academy and the
incredible cast of the remnant hashtag
Oscars which really translated to about
fucking time fuckers like really may all
your children piss blood anyways
congratulations to Leo for his Oscar win
no one deserves it more than this guy
yay that's what the fuck News manhunt is
underway after a man allegedly walked
around squirting his semen on people
what does this guy Biggs from Silence of
the Lambs and I will say trying to find
pictures of this guy was really hard
because if you type in semen squirter on
Google not a lot of good stuff comes up
not to mention I'll have a lot of
explaining to do if I girlfriend ever
sees my search history
steamin squirter oh what go I really
need 57 year-old Michael Kevin Morris
from Bethlehem Pennsylvania has been at
this a while with Steven related crimes
dating back to the 1970s good god if at
most police know Morris as the serial
semen squirter meaning he doesn't just
that much and I'm not gonna pretend like
I have any idea what this guy is
thinking about like if he was trying to
get women this way dude that is not the
way to a woman's heart what in your mind
thought I know I'll squirt semen on
random women that'll get me a date
especially with 99% of women think it's
gross as fuck normally according to
police Morris is still on the run and
has not yet been arrested the Bethlehem
Chief of Police Mark delizioso
this isn't just an isolated incident
it's been going on for years it's time
we put a stop to it and get this guy off
the street so if you live in
Pennsylvania make sure to wear a
raincoat when you go walking and also
keep an eye out for a guy walking around
doing this Plus Ones about news be form
company brazzers which I'm sure you've
never heard of if you're a guy and your
girlfriend is sitting next to you let's
go down with a porn called meme lovers
where they let 4chan write the entire
script I knew this is the same fortune
that voted for a chip flavor for lanes
called Hitler did nothing wrong so
that's who we're dealing with here the
board though features a guy and a girl
the guy wearing a bean mask the entire
time was awesome dialogue like hello
internets what the fuck and obviously I
can't show you the porn but seeing as
how I actually haven't watched it I
thought it'd be fun to react to it and
see just how awful it is okay so I have
it pulled up and do I want a brazzers
membership no why would I need that see
five eight three one I'm just kidding
but apparently not all of the scenes in
this are bad so I'll try to show you as
much as I can but obviously I'm not
gonna show you peen and vagina if you
know what I mean girl you're the
girlfriend what the fuck oh god is she
gonna do the mom are there cartoons from
our home country that's the same woods
Oh
oh shit shit is getting real guys shit
is getting steamy
oh no oh God oh no this is where this is
where I can't I can't okay yeah this is
where I can't show you oh my god okay so
they go upstairs and she just
immediately starts taking his pants off
do the parents can still hear you what
are you doing Oh his dick is word of
Bane mask oh my god what up watch it oh
my his dick is wearing a Bane maps let
the BJP game oh my god and to make sure
that my mom wasn't here but I doesn't
even live with me
be hilarious you just burst it in right
now what are you doing son nothing dude
just watching - dude where the vein bass
get a blowjob not a big deal no Barbra
Jean was just in crazy how hard is it
it's like a 9000 OH
oh my god that just happened
he just quoted Dragon Ball Z and he came
all over her face what nice right what
the fuck okay
well ten out of ten that was a great
great movie I'm so glad I watched that
Wow
well that was mean lovers I hope you
enjoyed and I'm gonna go drink bleach
now well that was interesting I guess
the bottom line is don't let the
internet do anything ever just ever but
that is it for this episode of what the
fuck noobs my question of the day for
you guys is who do you think deserves an
Oscar let me know in the comments down
below all in today's stories as always
in the description down below as well as
all my links also be sure to check out
my channel youtube.com slash captain
destice or you can click this annotation
on the screen right now to check that
out and I hope to see you guys there
that said though I'll see you next time
for another what the fuck news thanks
for watching and Fairwinds
