oh hey guys welcome to my bar I spend a
lot of time here almost as much time as
I do in the bathroom I kind of think
it's like the circle of life you know
drinking poison and then shitting it out
seriously my ship is poisonous so don't
eat it I try okay so today I'm really
excited because I saw this thing on
Facebook posted by about eight hundred
middle-aged women that I'm friends with
why am i friends with a bunch of
middle-aged women look into that later
but it's cinnamon roll shots now I was
very interested in this not only because
I love cinnamon rolls but because it
involves fireball which as you guys have
seen is my best friend I love her so
much I must say she's are her because
she's feisty she's kind of kunti if I'm
around her too much she makes me cry and
if I'm around her way too much she makes
me wish I was dead
actually maybe she's more like a
girlfriend so yes today we're going to
be trying this out so I have my little
concoction here I have my fireball I
have my whipped cream I have my shot
glass and I have my cream soda now I
have anacs-- fireball with stuff before
I used to mix it with rum chata and it
would taste like the milk at the bottom
of the bowl when you eat a Apple Jacks
oh no no Cinnamon Toast Crunch where is
it objects honestly I'm a fucking no I
got drunk and it was amazing that's why
I didn't get drunk I don't get drunk you
know what I get annoying but that's me
sober so maybe nothing happens okay so
first things first let's open up this
crease interesting I have actually never
had cream soda plain I've had a diet
cream soda which you know tastes like
cancer but I've never had an actual
cream soda let's try this out oh my god
that smells like frosting oh this is
gonna be bad oh my god the people drink
this oh my god 45 grams of sugar okay
listen I don't know that much about you
know science or nutrition obviously
isn't that like a pound or something
is that normal am I gonna die oh my god
okay I mean it takes a lot I wouldn't
say good you know the scary thing is
alcohol does it have nutrition facts on
the back and round Chadha is probably
like this times a million and I drink a
lot of it actually no let's take a
little sip of this because you know what
fuck now oh fuck oh my god we don't even
need to do this you just do this you
know I mean see y'all later subscribe I
make videos every single day I'm getting
okay let's get to it
okay so I guess we should put in the
fireball first this is such a large jug
like are you fucking around Yahoo oh my
god okay here we go by the way I have
never used these because I use full
boxes like a shot glass like what am i
offense are already girl
well yeah basically okay here we go
tricky drippy
so I'll do half you know a little bit
105 um how is that happening song yeah I
mean Katy Perry looks actually drunker
all the time she kind of has a drunk guy
you don't mean like not a lazy I like a
drunk I like every time I see an
interview I'm like there's a drunk guy
then a Russell Brand had like a drunk
everything together they were perfect
honestly drunk relationship bills okay
so now we're gonna add the cream soda
blue fizzy fizzy okay whoo that's
smelling good oh let me read you the
description by the way so the
description for this says tastes like a
giant cinnamon roll cover tea dripping
losing icing but it isn't too heavy or
too sweet once she's like the biggest
fucking European cinnamon err on the
world but it's not like too much it
gives you the cinnamon flavor with
enough spice to balance out the
sweetness of the cream so good alright
well let's see if they're right Oh can't
forget the whipped cream
I got fat-free obviously I'm trying to
try to stay healthy over here try to
balance out that 45 grams of sugar holy
fuck oh my god oh my god I'm so excited
whoo I'm so ready if you guys aren't old
enough to drink you can do it anyways
hahaha that's awful advice okay here we
go
Cheers oh shit okay
Elden get off the ground oh my god
first of all please don't jet this
second of all huh Pillsbury Pillsbury
man let's go fuck me up
Pillsbury man has done come in my house
in the hood all the night with no
warning turn off my security system did
he know he was there
stood over me in my bed drop his fat ass
over my face squish out a cinnamon roll
in my throat
oh my god melted down my chin oh my god
didn't even kiss me afterward didn't
even leave me a note didn't even tell me
he came I just knew he did know I did it
now I get why all the middle-aged women
on my Facebook Timeline are into that
because that will make you forget you
have children that will make you forget
you have responsibilities and Stacy I
see you Queen I know this is all you're
gonna do now kids are gonna get to
school a long time that kitchens never
gonna get mopped but you know is gonna
happen you're gonna get fucked up and
watch dr. Phil all day and I respect
that oh oh my god that's so good
if you guys can drink or if you do drink
try that and this is now sponsored by
the way I wish it was actually no I
don't because I could never promote
cream soda that has funny fucker cups of
sugar I would feel like the devil
I could promote this though oh I love
ready-whip oh wait let's pretend like
this is a sponsor let's see if I can get
it oh this this is ready with fat free
only five calories for each squirt if
you're having a really bad day you're
like I want to eat a whole can of
something and not feel guilty about it
get some ready whip and just so you know
after the whip is gone you can still get
all those toxins it's just a cupping
pain except it smells like icing where
guys go that was me Oh try not shit and
I was so good leave me a comment letting
me know what other shots I should try
maybe that could be a fun thing I do
I would want to try the buttery nipples
I know what that means but I have to
feature this video thumbs up and
subscribe to me Teresa visited am ll see
little fireballs darl that's a galaxy
I've heard exploded but it's okay we're
doing a different kind of galaxy you
know I mean don't judge my galaxy I'm
not judging your galaxy yeah my galaxy
a little bit of throw-up but honestly
whose does it I was date
