had to because yes today is another DIY
galaxy addiction addiction actually yet
it's kind of an addiction you guys are
addicted to watching me try the galaxy
things and fail kind of like how God
failed the first time you know like with
the dinosaurs then he was like nevermind
it was like let's start over that's
gonna be me in like two months but until
then let's keep galaxies so today we're
gonna be doing a Reese's peanut butter
cups now I thought this would be easy
because I'm like all to take a Reese's
and then I like spray it down with some
galaxies shit and I'll be like there you
go no bitch I got a fucking melt
chocolate I gotta add food coloring I
got to get a mold I gotta put that shit
in the fridge you think I have time for
that yes I do
honestly this doesn't work I'm just
going to give up on everything if a
bunch of damn fourteen-year-old girls
can do this why the hell can't I that's
a good life model bit all right let's
get started so first I have a bowl of
white chocolate chips I had a bigger
bowl of these last night and then I ate
them but this should be enough and if
it's not we can get peanut buckets okay
so I guess I just put these in the
microwave until they're melted I don't
know I don't read instructions there we
go alright so in 30 seconds let's look
nothing's happening am I the only one
who just stares at the microwave until
it's done like if I put a hot wok in
there I ain't leavin till that how BOC
is in my face
alright it's been a minute nothing is
happening am I supposed to add something
to this
spit hold on maybe if we stir it a
little bit yeah that's working I feel
just like Paula Deen actually no I don't
want that feel like I've moved on from
my racist scandals has she does she
still sell pots at Walgreens can I sell
pots at Walgreens oh my god I could have
like my own section like Shane's galaxy
and it's just a bunch of shit with
galaxies all over it and none of it
works but it's funny alright so I mix
this up pretty good you guys can see
it's pretty melted I'm hoping in for a
little bit more because I want a real
creamy Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
how do people think of this shit by the
way drugs right like a lot of drugs like
all those little DIY girls like their
DUI you don't think there's no way a
sober person was like oh fuck I will
make galaxy spaghetti that doesn't
happen by the way galaxy spaghetti is a
thing and I'm definitely gonna make it
you can also make that very easily fun
plantation if you eat there spaghetti
and also anything from their ice cream
Department because you will be throwing
it up later and it will be the entire
difference all right so now that this is
melted we're going to be adding it to
this which is a little cupcake tin which
is going to be our rhesus thing and I
have this little bowl here
by the way thank you to crin from a
thread bangers because she left this at
my house and I said I am NOT returning
this so we're just gonna add a little
bit of this to the bottom so I have it
in the bottom of the thing but we have
to add food coloring to it to make it
galaxy so I'm just going to add a little
bit of red and a little bit of blue to
make some purple that's right I went to
third grade yeah that looks like not
galaxy at all the wind is kind of
looking yes oh no no oh it's clumping no
why is it doing that alright it's fine
I'm gonna figure that shit out okay here
we go there we go look at that oh look
at how ho / whoo I'm so excited it's
working okay what's next pink right how
are they pink red and yellow that's not
gonna work but we're gonna try it
anyways okay so little red and a little
yellow let's see what happens yeah
that's not working
wait no guess it is oh my god okay is it
me or am I getting better at this shit
okay yeah no it's not getting better
it's actually getting much worse
that's not the galaxy that's a galaxy
I've heard exploded but it's okay we're
doing a different kind of galaxy you
know I mean don't judge my galaxy I'm
not judging your galaxy yeah my galaxy
looks like MOBA to throw up but honestly
whose doesn't I was deep okay so now
we're gonna add the peanut butter now
because I'm a classy ass bitch I eat all
tech butter which by the way I just
learned is kind of awful for you I guess
if you eat too many almonds you can die
I don't know either way I'm ready to go
you know alright so we're just gonna
drop a little Cubbie
in the middle yeah this is gonna be a
very big peanut burger if I peanutbutter
Cup
I mean not being Buttercup and it's
gonna look like a big clump of shit Oh
galaxy shit I need to write that down
all right we're gonna add a little bit
more white chocolate and now let's just
add some blue food coloring right oh
that's so pretty
I mean honestly even if it doesn't look
like the galaxy it's gonna look fucking
cool like it's can be like a science
project when you like try to make the
solar system but instead it just looks
like a bunch of old testicles glued
together with hot glue stuck on coat
hangers but like you try you still get
an if you don't go to the sign sir but
you tried little-known fact
I went to the science fair and I won and
that's the only thing I achieved in
school all right so here's the blue and
let's do one more dare and let's try to
do pink again it's not going to work but
we're gonna try so maybe just like a
tiny bit of red whoo that's not bad I
mean this is looking more like a red
white and blue peanutbutter Cup which
could be great for the holidays like
yeah galaxies for everybody you know
this is only for America but honestly
the only people that would ever eat this
are American stuff because it makes
sense all right so there's the finished
product whoo this is gonna be gross all
right so I'm gonna put this in the
freezer for like 10 minutes and it will
see if I made a galaxy Reese's boiler
alert yeah hold on shit I forgot I gotta
add my stars oh yeah that really fixes
everything all right back in the freezer
yeah I've said that okay guys it has
been a long time I'm in a different
outfit cause I just feel in a different
video because this fucking thing took so
long to freeze but it's gonna be worth
it you know the galaxy takes a minute to
make you know takes a while but then
it's all worth it until the humans come
along and ruin it and that's what I'm
about to do all right here we go Oh oh
my god
hold on Oh actually that's awful it
looked way better when I was overexposed
okay let's reveal the inside let's take
the wrapper off it is very stuck oh my
god hold up it's looking kind of good
way I mean it looks like something a
clown would shit out or abort but I mean
cool right oh yeah now this is a cloud
abortion but look at the table with the
little stars
okay let's actually cut into this maybe
pull dominate up butcher knife okay I
mean she looks kind of good I mean like
she doesn't look like she's going to
prom like she's going to the fall dance
like the one where the girls have to ask
the boys and the boys are always very
uncomfortable Sadie Hawkins all right
let's cut her in half okay she doesn't
want it oh okay hey this is not working
maybe from the bottom you know cut it
from the bottom oh okay it's working ha
see what she looks like on the inside
I need litsen I don't know if it's
galaxy but it's pretty right it's kind
of beautiful but paste it right here we
go tasting my creation oh I feel like
god oh my god oh my knee
this is so good this is fucking stoven
this is so much better than Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup oh my god oh my god
try this
well you can't that's so mean sorry oh
my god this oh this is the best thing
I've ever made my entire life this is my
purpose like if I made Justin Bieber's
album like the cover would be this you
know me like my purpose that's amazing
I'm so fucking proud of myself
good joshing you succeeded it's
something well you have succeeded
because they don't look galaxy but it
tastes amazing so I guess that's a fail
but what out who cares where guys go
hopefully you're joking galaxy Reese's
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
me make more galaxy treats leave me some
comments and check out the playlist of
all my galaxy videos and I will see you
little galaxies tomorrow Hey
we have a secret for you probably a huge
dick oh we got a war we didn't film we
got you did look how big it is there it
is just the bloodiest dick you've ever
seen in your life oh my god
