hey let's if you guys really quick
before this video starts as one let you
know that there's a brand new podcast
out right now where we talk about sex
dating relationships all things
uncomfortable so if you want to check it
out I'll put the link down there is
soundcloud.com slash Shane and friends
enjoy the rest of the video hey guys
guess what
for once I'm not alone in my kitchen oh
very good
Roth Amanda I'm so excited you guys even
wanted me to collab with him and I don't
want to collab with him
and now he's here I'm here I flew in all
the way from Miami Beach Wow yeah oh
yeah just to do this collaboration good
for you this tinder date gone right okay
so what are we doing I noticed that you
did not have any Orbeez on your channel
so all the kids love the Orbeez so we
got all the Orbeez things we got the
jello we got the gelatin and the most
importantly the molds which I couldn't
find the real ones so I went to the
store when I got the penis and vagina
molds and then the really big penis mold
first of all I like that there's actual
hair stuck to it that's a very honest
mind automatic so guys we're gonna make
edible Orbeez we don't really know what
that means or it's gonna work probably
long let's get started okay so what do
we do um so we've got a jello this is
pretty much just jell-o jell-o and penis
molds that's all it is that's exactly
what my mom does on Sundays right after
church wait so we got okay Larry blue
lemon my grape and cherry profoundly
lilies one oh no we also got four boxes
of gelatin but I think that we only need
one he by the way didn't know what
gelatin was until I told him what is it
it's crushed up animal bones no it's not
yes it is ask freelee the banana girl
she will correct you there's no queerly
ingredient it says right on the back it
says your pets your dad animal that you
love and then it says you're a bad
person
ingredients gelatin that's all it says
shallot there's no good ones what is
gelatin made out of let me check on that
boom
gelatin it is derived from collagen
obtained from various animal by-products
well that's exciting
Oh
I hope there's a dress in it that's
maybe a favorite animal okay so what
flavor
I don't know wait for you this is your
house what is it dick tastes like tears
regret one line
my first game day so first you pour in
the jello into this bowl three packets
of gelatin bless you
I love gelatin makes everything fit mmm
can't you smell Rover your old dog yes I
can
nice for two cups of water which is
gonna overflow oh that's good enough
your turn mix the shit out of this
mmm-hmm
that looks delicious that's like the zoo
all right I think that's good what
microwave it for two minutes see
microwave oh yeah shit there does look
you make hot pockets at midnight
look at this Hey okay the healthiest
thing that's ever been a nice time ever
we're safe sure okay
just press - what are we gonna do for
the next two minutes see what dick - my
favorite sound in the whole world all
right
it was hot so they they didn't have any
vagina molds so this one looked like a
coffee bean looks like a vagina that
looks like a an Audi and then that looks
like a nanny so and then that you know
is really okay so I guess we just fill
it right oh my god fucking smell okay
all right sell some pussies up and then
I feel like we need to do a couple real
orbs it's to show that you know what
we're doing so you just fill it up and
charge us so fucking easy all right
there we go so now we just put this in
the freezer and it'll fail there's on
the trip so you can just put the dick on
top of this dick going on top of the
pussy don't get it in it there we go
alright so the boards or these orbs went
up or yeah they're in the freezer and um
we'll see
kick some pussies are ready now the
dicks are a little crusty but that's
okay it's gonna be expected that's like
my look and it's I he's a beard we get a
pussy
okay you know you have to finger it that
much no whoa wow you broke it into ass
you destroyed it
it don't even know you just got a pop
the pussy pop it out of it pop that
pussy there she is
Wow the dick is much harder than the
pussy well that's - that's kind of the
nature of things
mmm oh good exactly how my first time
was yeah well that's edible we gotta eat
these oh that's right wait another day
we started a run out of goo on this side
so this pussy's a little uh not as fat
as the others but for some people they
like that
Cheers mmm reminds where the first time
a patient in jail you just tastes like a
dumpster well sure it would for me or
not you know what it tastes like because
of the gelatin and the animal bones it
tastes like animal dick little lime
animal dick like golden retriever mm-hmm
you never had like like a giraffe
almost I would never all right let's see
what the Orbeez did oh these were
beautiful oh my God look at that I get
it now yeah I fucking get it I know why
people do this look at that cut that
little orb that's open tears them all
ready bow bow
these are fun a bigger world it's one
hour we have a secret for you we had a
huge dick oh we got the one we didn't
film we used it look how big it is there
it is just the bloodiest dick you've
ever seen in your life
oh my god
how's a little a little off the tip that
one's good that is good good faster come
ba mmm that thing is so much better than
the small white uniball I feel that
saying that hmm well you know bigger
dicks you look better it's true hey
woman's buckle gasps oh I love you today
everybody Oh guessing it much like Milly
uh-huh like a tomato that's exactly a
you don't want something to describe
your take down what guys we could like
that lady really don√≠t read it Slurpees
where he picks to the middle first
okay I'm gonna save this for later you
can have it where you guys go we've
succeeded we did I'm saying we did I
mean this is probably the the best war
bees video I've ever seen
we made Orbeez edible and we had fun
doing it and we made dicks guys we had
just won the Internet there's really
nothing better I hope you guys hopefully
enjoy division against me a thumbs up
and subscribe and let me give you this
English yeah the go buddies Jen we made
closer our Corby's so and also cringe
channel we made a a OS that was also a
dildo and vibrator so all of those
things it's been a weird day hope you
guys had fun leave it's a good letter
hi next we're doing Oreo mascara which
can make you go black oh my god
once again guys don't do this at home
don't do any of these at home why would
you get a jar
