hey you guys yes it is another day for
me to do a bunch of hats and hopefully
not hurt myself a few of these have been
known to cause blindness so that's
exciting so yes all of my hats today are
going to involve food or candy which
sounds really fun until I looked it up
and it's gross scary and yes once again
can actually cause blindness so don't do
any of these our first one is bubblegum
lipstick which I learned about from our
CL beauty queen of hurting my face so
basically you take bubble gum and then
you melt it up with Vasiliy unit and
then you put it on your face yeah that
sounds way easier than buying lipstick
let's do it so I went to the store and
bought a bunch of different bubble guns
and a big jar of Vaseline so they knew I
was gonna have a fun night all right so
I'm gonna be melting this on a plate
because I'm about to fuck up the One
Bowl I have so we're gonna do one pink
original and one blue polar ice oh shit
it's not even blue oh fuck
well there are little speckles in it so
it'll be kind of like glitter confetti I
mean the RCL deity do you approve all
right so we have our little bubble guns
on our dude oh my gosh what am i doing
and now we're gonna put some vaseline in
it I don't know how much to use so I'm
just gonna use you know a little dollop
perfect oh I feel like I'm making a
snack for like a supermodel like no
brothers no calories in this literally
just Vaseline about Bochum it'll really
fill you up
you won't shit for like three weeks but
you will look snatched sorry I'm just
excited RuPaul's Drag Race is coming
back I'm using all the catchphrases
can't wait to look fishy I don't think I
should use that one okay so let's put
this into microwave to see what happens
oh my god it kind of worked look at that
it's steaming Oh
oh my god oh it smells like somebody has
some hot breath and they were chewing
gum like crazy alright let's see okay
it's kind of working it's kind of making
something I don't know what it is but
it's something boo and you know what the
polar ice kind of made this cool little
confetti situation
honestly this might look pretty alright
let's try this out is this gonna burn my
lips should we wait just touch it no
okay it's good okay here we go now
they're kind of mixed
together so I'm not gonna get like that
ringing Bell effect but I'm gonna get
something here we go mmm
yeah this totally were actually hell up
let me actually try can you tell the
difference
do they look good I feel like they look
good right my lip glass is good my lip
glass is poppin I mean I'm kind of
killing it right now honestly it tastes
really fucking good and it feels good
like I would use this I mean I look like
a gross ass bitch with some kind of cold
sore with like a lot of medicine wrapped
around it but I would use it wait that
is me I'll use it
good job RCL next time oh shit I forgot
something damn it you're supposed to add
food color okay wait real quick let's
add blue all right something tells me
this is going to make it not good but
that's what you guys want whoo
dare I say it started to look galaxy oh
my god it actually kind of is look at
that that's actually kind of pretty oh
my god okay let's try this
hmm mm-hmm honestly I don't hate this I
don't hate this at all oh my god this is
my new look this is me oh my god Vanity
Fair where are you I am Shane I love
this I'm into this I'm gonna wear this
and if oh this is good this is a good
hat I'm having jokes to make about it I
mean I am the joke at this point I look
awful but I feel good all right now we
move on okay so this one I'm actually
scared about this is M&M eyeliner some
deltas they're gonna work out but
honestly if I go blind might not be the
worst thing I mean I wouldn't have to
avoid mirrors anymore all right so we're
going to take some M&Ms which have
already been opened I don't know who did
that I don't know
oh no who did that oh my god I love that
sound I love it so much
Oh
means to rattle the rattle of dominance
do you remember M&M minis with a little
container little - not only did they
fuck me up
but I'll fuck that - listen when you're
12 we could create okay so you melt
these and you mix it with eyeshadow and
then you put it in your eyes that sounds
safe
wait should we fill that saline in this
- no just as water huh all right let's
see what happens uh how to destroy the
beauty of evidence microwave them with
water oh my god oh you know what I
should probably move this to a cup okay
so I'm mixing it all together in this
Cup look this reminds me of all the
stuff I would do to M&M it's like if I
was trying not to eat it like I would
like get the bag of M&Ms have a couple
of you like I can't eat the rats pour
down the sink
turn on the garbage disposal add soap
and then you know what I would do still
reach my little claws in there grab
something like it I can't help it I just
love food all right now let's add some
eyeshadow to this I think this is
eyeshadow I don't fucking know pixi by
petra sure all right so I'm gonna add
like the dark brown took math with art
you know M&M aesthetic so I just added a
whole clump of that no it's thickening
up can't wait to put that on my eyes
wait what is this eyeliner what does
that even mean that's not I shadow like
mascara I should know more right all
right
I think it's done yeah looks done okay
here we go first of all can I just say
this is gonna look really beautiful
and I know you guys are gonna be really
jealous at my eyes you're like oh my god
Shane like where did you go how did you
do that is that tattooed and I'm gonna
be like no it's just M&Ms and water and
you're gonna be like I know I was trying
to be nice all right here we go
whoo this is just making me look beat up
who actually no that's good though
because I feel like I have kind of a
bitch face but when you add like a
bruise to my eye it's like damn Shea's
kind of hard like he definitely lost the
fight well I keep on up a punch all
right
how does it look honestly okay listen I
know I make a jokes and shit honestly
that looks kind of cool - I'm not mad at
this I mean don't get clips good then
you'll see little puffs M&Ms and that'll
be like wait what but if we're far away
from really far away no that looks awful
it looks like I actually peeped into
somebody's asshole and just got a little
but hey you know what if you're on a bus
hahaha there's like a group of shit
that's fucking terrible
ooh it's ok RCL you know you can't be
good every time actually I might be that
was our CL that was like some random
bitch I had never heard of but then I
fell down her videos and I watch the 85
of them she was like how to make tampons
and sour gummy worms and I was like I
hope you're ready to lose your fingers
cuz you're gonna get that puck flick
shock
alright let's wipe this shit off and
move on to the next hand oh my god the
way it leaves the makeup way is
literally the way my makeup white looks
when I bite my ass sometimes I like to
use a microphone bass feel more like a
guru like a guru like a guru a poo like
a poo guru ash you do a morning routine
hahaha can you imagine hey guys welcome
to my morning routine it's just my ass
talking and then it just goes oh just
shit everywhere hi guys yeah I'm gonna
do that
hi next half boon contouring so
basically this one supposedly you just
like put a spoon to your cheek bone so I
guess there it's a good nut pop and then
you like contour around it and then
supposedly it makes you look skinnier I
don't know I will do anything to look
skinnier get me 10 spoons can I contour
my Bobby that's a good idea
chest stank-ass balls they need to be
contoured they are too big for anybody
alright so I'm just gonna take some of
this whatever this is bronzer
nah it's not at all but we're gonna
forget and then I'm gonna go alright it
works I mean doesn't help that I have a
beard but you know what I asked you to
makeup gurus with some beers you know
sir they don't get that wax clumps
enough alright how's it look Oh God
I mean I look like a girl trying to be
Johnny Depp on Halloween I mean once
again is it that bad
like am I still killing it though it
doesn't make me look skinnier it makes
me look creepier it makes me look older
um it makes me look like an actual dad
so it's like not cute when you call me
daddy
it's like real but I'm not mad at that
kind of works guys these hacks have been
going well I'm waiting for one to go
wrong and I think that's gonna happen
next
because next we're doing Oreo mascara
which can make you go blind oh my god
once again guys don't do this at home
don't do any of these at home why would
you get a jar I have one okay so the way
this works is you crumble up an Oreo and
you mix it with water and vessel
and then you just put that shit on your
eyes now I know it sounds dangerous but
honestly I've had Oreos in my eyes so
many times like I get so excited when I
eaten them I just like miss mama so this
will be a piece of cake all right so
first we're just going to empty out the
middle
my favorite part oh okay I'll spit it
out in front of me guru you know who
would never eat that definitely made
that way okay so we're gonna crumble
this up okay and then I'm going to mix
in Vaseline and some water and I guess
we microwave I think right or maybe not
do we wanna clumpy yeah that sounds like
makeup Sephora is that you now that is
not Sephora that's Claire's at best awry
oh yeah let's put that in my eyes oof
okay so I am just going to take some of
this solution I have made which honestly
I mean it kind of looks like makeup
that's black I'm going to look very
depressed if that's even possible all
right here we go don't try this at home
wait how do I put on mascara do I need a
tool should I use a spoon is that what
the Guru's do oh yeah they don't do this
alright let's see oh my god that's
beautiful
oh who knew oh my god if I use Oreos in
my eyes and then milk on my lips it's
like a theme I don't what the theme is I
guess like fat kid but light that's my
aesthetic so it works guys it works
I mean don't do it but like if you don't
care about your eyesight do it alright
this is the success learned is go that
was my house for the day and I fucking
succeeded at all of them who is she she
is not Shan Shan has left the building
she is RCL my life as Karina Garcia man
vs. pin that's a long ass name just call
me trash and couldn't you guys make sure
to give it a thumbs up it's it's kind of
I may be reduce every single day if you
want to see more hack videos or beauty
hacks I have a playlist in the
description and I've made like 10 of
these and I will see you little hackers
tomorrow we got Savannah Smiles first of
all that sounds like an instagramer also
like a DIY girl hey guys that I'm
smiles today we're going to be galaxy my
pussy this is the collaboration with 85
other people galaxy in their own pussies
click the links below
