hey what's up you guys really quick
before the video starts I just wanna let
you know that there is a brand new video
on the psychic twins channel with a
reading of Trevor Moran's future and
something really fucking creepy happens
and I'm not gonna give it away go check
it out I'll put the link down there have
fun and enjoy the video hey zippy guys
alright I'm ready I'm so fuckin fuck you
know I'm ready cuz I got a bag full of
girls gasp I'm back oh look wait a bag
full of Girl Scout cookies that's what I
got
although a bagful of Girl Scouts would
honestly be everything is when I'm
walking out of that grocery store and
all those little Girl Scouts bombard me
like a bunch of fucking pigeons on a
bench my leg is one that gave me one of
my goodies if I could just grab all of
them strangle them to death and then put
them in a bag and then take that back
and to let you the don't I deserve a
badge anyways yes to him you're talking
about Girl Scout cookies I got mad
follow now I've tried like a couple in
my life it's been a long time in a long
day since I had Girl Scout cookies just
kidding because I ate this entire box
last night
I'm just getting all up - I left you for
you you're welcome
so there's a lot of flavors here I
didn't even know they made although I
don't know who they is coz this little
girl did not make these I'm guessing a
sweatshop probably in China maybe India
either way I can't wait to taste their
tears first box so I'm just gonna start
with the one I already have which is
somehow was oh now the girl on the box
does not make me wanna if anything she
is a reason I want to delete my tinder
but let me just tell you these know what
they're doing just like the Girl Scouts
they know what they're doing they come
up to you they're all sweet but they're
kind of threatening like they say do you
want to buy some cookies but and they're
had to thinking if you don't buy some
cookies I'm going to stab your tire with
a knife and make you not be able to
leave this motherf in a parking lot and
trust me I've seen it and I don't even
like coconut but for some reason these
Oh
coconut in my mouth alright so I'm going
to try one
even though I know what they taste like
obviously just want to experience it
with you guys if you have any
at home why don't you grab those and why
don't you put those on your fingers
right now let's do this together
one two three some awesome you remind me
of a diabetes oh my god
if chewy its crunchy it kind of makes my
heart hurt a little bit cuz there's so
much fat in it
it's just perfect by the way where are
they called Samoas what is him owes me
was that like Samoan did like a Samoan
tree and that's friend in elementary
school Samoan her dad wore dress but
like he wasn't transgender it was like a
cultural thing I don't know but it was
cute oh these are so fucking good I
don't even know what else to say about
these these these these next cookie so
these are new and do not look good these
are called royal raisins
how about you pop up fuck yourself cuz
nobody wants that look at the girl in
the box lying to herself acting excited
that's like every selfies you have a
youtuber at some shitty movie premiere
and they're like I can't wait to see
this movie divergent number five a shy
response she also got onset the girl
from Spy Kids and honestly this could
probably be the girl was activated I
mean what's she doing you know me okay
so these are party oatmeal cookies with
plum raisin commune not only do I not
want to hear the word raisin in my
dessert you throw a fucking clump in
front of it game over and Greek yogurt
flavor chunks once again have a fan of
Greek yogurt you throw the word chunks
in there
game over so hard the game has been
exploded the game now is thrown up
against my wall into a million little
pieces basically what happens anytime I
try to play with you
what the fuck is with you what's the
point of that what's that thing I mean
like why is there that thing what you
can't look at the TV and I gotta love
this little thing and look the TV I look
at ten fun things sorry got distracted
alright let's try this shit oh just the
packaging alone they didn't even put in
a cute box
they're like knives but in a barf bag
putting the cookie condoms cuz you got
to get fuck oh all those plump raisins
making a comeback picking a serious
comeback oh my god I didn't even know
plum was something you could smell but I
can smell it you can smell thick you can
smell chunky plump not a smell all right
here we go oh
Oh God I just bit into a chunk and a
plum I admit you're too many adjectives
oh my god oh listen I do not like my
cookies like I like my Girl Scouts
because I love my Girl Scouts chunky and
plumpie these are gross
Oh maybe if they were like softer it
will be okay but you mix the plum the
chunk in the crunch well then you hit me
but nobody wants to buy them to me
next Tagalog now these are ones that I
know I'm gonna like because I think I've
tried them before but I know I'm gonna
like them because they're peanut butter
chocolate and peanut butter chocolate
goes together like me and a moist
highlight on a Friday night you know me
best friends and I love the fact that
this bitch is in a boat killing it
rowing for her life where's she going
she don't know but she's going places
that's why I don't know where this bitch
is going probably nowhere oh my god she
might be dead because these pictures
Micra from the 70s this bitch might be
dead oh did you know Girl Scouts has a
tagline hold on it says Girl Scouts oh
what a girl can do you might want to
rethink that Girl Scouts I can think of
a few things a girl can do but I don't
think I should be thinking about Girl
Scouts doing them all right here we go
oh I'm already in love look at her
look her not only is she coated but she
got a little hump on top a little hump
on top fill with peanut butter oh oh
losing out the side oh oh what a girl
yeah let's break her in half oh I don't
know who has it's turned into but damn
I'm not shaving anymore oh my god oh
okay I'm gonna do this mmm give me a
minute actually give me five huh oh my
god the peanut butter oh the peanut
butter bacon chocolate a little bit of
cross great if I was dying well I am we
are is that fun to think book but if
like somebody was like guess what you're
gonna die tonight
I'd be like great give me a marathon of
Little Women la 600 combline boxes
alongs and call it Basanti cuz I wanna
know what it's like RT did and then I
would take that box and I would make her
mine this is this is this I don't know
if that means but it is next cookie sim
is I'm gonna hate it I hate mint you
guys know this
I don't like mint mix with chocolate I'm
not gonna go into why we've already done
it but what I also need is the box cuz
it's a bunch of girls planting a tree
that doesn't make me want to eat cookies
why don't you plant the dead body
that'll make you think about death and I
think about breathing that'll make me
hungry planning a damn tree I give a
fuck about the earth I hate that I was
watching million dollar Matchmaker
and the guy was like I have a really
good date planned and she's like who are
we gonna go in an airplane a hot-air
balloon
we're gonna go fishing and he was like
now baby we don't plant a tree and it's
gonna be a no-name huh plant a tree I
would rather rip down that tree chop
that tree up put it in a fire and make a
s'more bitch
ooh that's a fun date idea destroy year
let's do it okay so these are in a
clippie condom too obviously cuz they're
gonna fuck yourself and now the fun way
by the way in my last evening video I
made a joke about Joe Jonas and White
House careers mom did you guys know he's
in a band and they're like popular they
have like a hit song I had heard it I
don't know it but the band is felt like
Cape or something I'm into that why
can't Kevin he's just eaten cake hahaha
hey Kevin you wanna hang out we got a
lock on alright here we go ha hmm
oh there's a lot of levels level level
level like a Jonas Brother day oh my god
this tastes like what I imagined a Kevin
Jonas solo album to taste like
everything at once and nothing at all
like a big bottle of water with shit
float in it just you know next all right
last one
we got Savannah Smiles first of all that
sounds like an instagramer
also like a DIY girl hey guys I said I'm
a smile today we're gonna be galaxy my
pussy this is the collaboration with 85
other people galaxies in their own
pussies click the links below by the way
when did collabing become just telling
people to go watch their videos that's
not a collab I wish it was that's easy
as fuck I don't have to sit next to the
damn person if we're going to be friends
with them anyways Savannah Smiles
okay can we just talk about the
sweatshop on the box like that's too
honest here I mean like I don't want to
see much of kids crying
he needs cookies in a sweatshop actually
yes I do maybe these will taste even
better now okay so these are crisp nope
that's not how I want cookie zesty
another word I don't want lemon wedge
cookies dusted with powder sugar okay I
like lemon love the packaging love it's
in a little to go back you know me like
take this go to the movies put it in my
bosom nobody even knows what it could be
pets okay it could because it could be
tits let's be honest I could ask okay
here we go oh my god okay I was not
expecting that I was expecting women
that smells interesting that smells like
my mom's breasts not like her actual
breasts
well yeah like when you go in to hug
your mom and then like you put your head
in her boots and she like grabs the back
your head and she smothers them in there
and she goes never leave me
like that's what it smells like lemon ah
all right let's try these they're cute
mo damn the smell is intense but we're
gonna ignore that
alright they're cute though they look
like little smiley faces Savannah smile
I just got it
oh I can't wait to taste Savannah
Savannah my voice got very high well oh
my god Savannah you shocked me
you know what Savannah I judged you I
thought you're gonna taste like my mom's
tits mixed with the DIY girl which kind
of just tastes like desperation but then
when I bit into you you were giving me
tart you were giving me sour you were
giving me sweet you were giving me
everything a Sour Patch Kid gives me
without the creepiness those things are
fucking creepy
right can we just be honest and say that
those fucking commercials or the fucking
walking around they're like I look like
it's not a fat kid I'm sweet max out
that's like a horror movie did you guys
see that scary ass web series and
receptive where they're like crawling
around on her pillow in the middle of
night and like hiding inside of her
purse that was the scariest web series
I've ever seen in my life I don't think
they've that bitch a grip because no you
would have to pay me a million dollars
hanging out those fucking little creepy
ass crawlers anyways he's our patches
sponsor
no these are good I love these yeah
these are good oh oh my god the coating
is a doughnut oh oh I forgot you were
there oh yeah these are good all right
guys go but ended up high no we never
end with something
my life make sure to give this video a
thumbs up its job Anika deserves good
day
let me know in the comments what your
favorite Girl Scout cookie is and um I'm
gonna go and eat all of them cuz that's
my life
I'd you guys hope you're funny man in
DLC boom I just want to say sorry um for
what I'm about to show you
uh I I just felt like I needed to be
honest and I I didn't want to lie to you
guys I feel like I've lied to you a lot
before and I just wanted to be honest
