hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news my name is destory
and i still feed the bed when I was 12 I
wish there was a joke here but that was
actually true the more you know for this
is what the fuck news we talked about
the crazy weird side of the news that
you might have missed this last week and
first what fuck news damn Daniel damn
Daniel video it viral is last week of a
kid named Daniel being pulled around by
one of his friends and just keeps saying
damn Daniel which people think is
hilarious for some reason then Daniel
damn Daniel damn Daniel damn Daniel back
at it again with the wise god I hate the
Internet you and your fucking needs
apparently nobody kid to fill the videos
fifteen year old Josh Hall vaguely got
the idea to start filming his friends
fashionable outfits and had no idea that
it would become such a viral sensation
but since the video's release on
February 15th it's gotten almost 45
million views and the two who made the
videos have actually appeared on The
Ellen Show
damn Daniel I know a lot of you will
find this to be hilarious a lot of other
people including myself are really
confused why this went viral like maybe
I'm just too old for the shit and it's
just going over my head but to me I see
no difference in something like this Ben
say for example if I went outside and
pointed at a tree it was like wow tree
whoa
Wow tree like that's not an exaggeration
that's exactly what this shit is despite
this video not making sense I kind of
wish I had someone follow me around
every day and be like you know damn
Destry looking good knowing my luck
they'd probably be like oh damn it
desperate back at it again with the ugly
face damn it that's what about news the
fall of Sam pepper has finally come Sam
pepper if you don't remember as a
youtuber who made controversial prank
videos from touching random girls in the
street to faking killing someone in
front of their best friend as is his
word enough Sam was also accused of
raping or sexually abusing four girls
who came out against him this all then
sparked the huge backlash resulting in
Sam being banned from several YouTube
conventions bunch of sponsors dropped
him blasted last week all of his videos
on his channel were deleted as well as
all of his tweets except for one saying
I give up oh god please tell me this is
not another one of his fucking social
experiments it was just a prank bro most
dollars videos were deleted oh he
actually put up another one column I'm
sorry where he asks people to give him a
second chance and tries to explain what
happened I'm in the situation because me
this is completely my fault no one
else's fault this is not for sympathy
there's nothing for us this is me to you
whatever happens from Karen whyever it
doesn't matter this is just through me
to you in the video Sam claims that most
of his prank videos have been entirely
fake for the last couple of years and
also knows that he was depicting himself
as a quote douche I was making myself
fit like a douche to everyone well said
Sam I've never agreed with anything you
said more oh he even goes on to say that
his Excuse with the ass pitching prank
being a social experiment was a complete
lie and something that he made up said
oh like oh I'm doing a social experiment
like you guys know it is bullshit
I made a bullshit story and I made a
bullshit video also a lot of people to
comment to this video are standing up
for Sam pepper saying that they're glad
he made this video and are willing to
give him a second chance saying that's
what we needed now I'm with you I'll
give you a second chance
do not waste it hashtag we forgive Sam
Ben someone immediately responding
saying hashtag no we don't oh that is
just great as far as where I stand on
this whole thing you know I've never
been a fan of Sam's videos or like
anything that he's done the last couple
of years that said no I am a believer in
second chances and I think that if he
was able to realize how fucking stupid
he's been and actually go in a direction
on YouTube because he did say he wants
to start making vlogs instead of prank
videos so you know if he actually does
that he sticks to what he's saying now
and this isn't just a giant publicity
stunt you know I think people would be
willing to give him a second chance but
it's not really up to me to give him
that second chance it is it's it's all
up to the YouTube community and whether
or not they think he buffed up that bad
you know so yeah and again I really hope
this isn't just a giant prank and next
week he's gonna be like hey guys Sam
pepper here today I'll be lighting the
church on fire with a blowtorch
what the fuck what are you mad bro it's
a prank it's just a prank bro last ones
about noon is a high school drama
teacher was arrested this last week
after he smeared Nutella on one of his
female students and then licked it off
her naked body what what dude how is
every drama teacher just somehow fucking
weird
like there's always something wrong with
a drama teacher whether it's this or in
my case a drama teacher with the world's
largest camel toe you can see from
fucking outer space and to make matters
worse she was always up on stage so when
she talked it was like hello class today
we're gonna be learning about William
Shakespeare's Hamlet the 40-year old
drama teacher Andrew Victor Wilson was
apparently popular with all the female
students known to be the hot teacher I
had one of those she's my Spanish
teacher tried to hit on her once I got
suspended for two days what is my luck
what can I get teachers to lick Nutella
off my naked body yeah also are we
entirely sure that this guy is even a
drama teacher he once I can be a villain
in a Bond movie that is where you're
wrong Mr Bond
I will lick the Nutella from your
scrotum anyways the girl who was a 14
year old student of Wilson's claim to
consent to the sexual behavior even
claiming that he would pull her out of
school just to have sex with her at a
friend's house also is that this weren't
creepy enough he apparently befriended
the girl's parents and would often stay
over for dinner oh that's not awkward at
all I wonder if you ever let it slip
when he was around them like well it's
my daughter a good student Oh your
daughter has a real talent sir really
that's amazing she always got really
nervous when she was up on stages like
she got all tongue-tied Oh trust me sir
there's nothing wrong with your
daughter's mouth now oh good I'm glad
she's come so far Oh trust me she's come
real far I had sex with your daughter
what anyways the boat captain from King
Kong has been arrested and sentenced to
two years in jail but that is it for
this episode
what the fuck news a question that I
hear you guys is what do you think about
the whole Sam pepper incident does he
deserve a second chance
should his nutsack be pudding momma let
me know in the comments down below all
the today's stories as always or in the
description down below as well as all
the money hey do you like gaming videos
then check out my channel youtube.com
slash des pounds or me my
playing through ocarina of time or don't
you know that's fine too but seriously
do it that being said I will see you
next up for another one the fuck news
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
