hey zippy guys yes today I'm going to be
making the most epic birthday cake
milkshake in the entire fucking world
and I know what you guys are thinking
Shane is it your birthday nope not even
close
you're also probably thinking Shane are
you okay no let's get cook it so I went
to the store and I went fucking ham on
that ass
I got everything they had that had
birthday in the title I was took the
clerk coz it was her birthday how's that
girl hop in my car I'm throwing you my
bladder
I really don't know where to start let
me show you guys my ingredients real
quick yep that's a Friday night I got
some cake I got some ice cream you know
I got it all now I don't know if this is
gonna taste good but what I do know is
it's gonna numb the pain so let's do it
all right first things first we're gonna
start with the base so obviously ice
cream that was very fucking piss because
they didn't have a birthday cake
flavored ice cream hello this is America
we're fat enough for that you have that
cinnamon roll ice cream you guys have a
Girl Scout ice cream I have even had
Turkey and gravy ice cream and they
don't have any country what do ya'll to
help us we do this alright so we're
gonna put some french vanilla ice cream
in there because that's as close as we
can get kind of like if you wanted a
cutie pie but you can't get to them so
you date me
close it up I look at the box says no
hormones what is this meat okay so let's
take a couple scoops of this I don't
have a spoon yes I do it's dirty
we don't care alright oh I love when
it's soft like that when I was a kid my
mom would be like okay only one scoop
before bed and not go okay
does this count I mean technically I got
it all in one spoonful you're army like
loophole yeah alright so I'm just gonna
do choose good size because we have a
lot to put it here literally need at
Hometown Buffet
oh my good guys can don't worry about it
but you know we got a lot to fit in here
so I'm going to start at the Italian
table and I'm gonna make my way through
all the way around the world until I get
to Mexico and they don't get some
Chinese food and they don't get a scoop
ice cream do you guys have a bathroom
cuz I'm gonna need it alright so next
you're gonna put a slice of cake in
there now this cake says love on it I
don't know why oh actually you know why
cuz food is love perfect she needs real
love right guys
ah ooh I love that sound the sound is
uncracked ah that's almost as good as
the sound of a little kid falling down
scraping his knees Ekron and I love that
sound
yes you failed kid and guess what you're
gonna eat fail it so get ready
alright so we're just gonna take a nice
little chunk oh my god oh my god oh
there is nothing better than the
shittiest cheapest sheet cake literally
nothing now I can't think of anything
you can think of anything leave in the
comments but you won't be able to all
right put that in there stuff a little
bit more Oh now next we need some liquid
it's always gonna put milk and then I'm
like my name is Shane I don't do that
we're gonna put some ice cream creamer
which by the way you're supposed to do 1
teaspoon well we're gonna do a couple
tests oh my god
whoo it smells like walking into a cold
stone except less depressing and if you
put a dollar in this it won't sing and
dance with the look of sadness on its
face oh I love it
right oh my god honey get the whole I
need to get y'all a close-up of this
look at that oh my god hello it's me Oh
God
now because we want to eat this but we
also don't want to remember that we ate
it
we're gonna put some rum chata I like to
be real drunk on my fake birthday Oh
what is that I feel happiness Wharf LA
on China that's Peter oh my god okay Oh
what's next whoo I found these ok these
are called mini birthday cake parties
don't know what that means but I want it
off oh my god they're little ice cream
cones
hold on oh these are cute look at that
little ice cream parties and then I
think on the inside yeah there's like
some blue goo coming out I make it a
bone in there why not well you know why
not make an ice cream shake well you
know why not cuz it's Friday and most
people are at a party or playing at the
us but we you're home eating food let's
keep adding stuff fun teddy
I love funfetti so much so we are just
going to mix up this icing oh this is
all real
oh my god okay we're gonna pour these in
yeah yeah yeah and we're going to take
our little spoon a spoon and we're just
gonna oh my god yeah we are
oh my god yeah yeah fuck yeah oh my god
sorry
getting really into this oh oh you're
gonna put a dollop
well $92 whoo mama here to tell us no
okay did I get everything I have
frosting and sprinkles so I'm going to
put that on at the end I think we're
ready to plant all right guys let's do
this now this is a very bad blender so
this is my hour ready now there's no
birthday cake milkshake settings so I'm
just gonna go with dream crushers
this is not working it Bert that means
it's working yeah okay just made the
little butt hole at the top which means
it is done Monday only one of the things
about buttholes when I look at blenders
no just making a good alright so there
we have it
oh my god oh my god Oh
Mel my voice just went up 10 octaves
okay so now it's time to decorate I have
a little see-through glass here because
you know I want to show you my creation
and I'm totally fun that's icing excited
that you know how the fancy ass places
they do that to shit this ain't fancy in
this ain't that kind of place but I'm
gonna try
so like I'm gonna put some at the bottom
yeah visit this no not but it's the
thought that counts
oh yeah look at that okay oh my god I
mean honestly I fucker okay and then I'm
just gonna pour this in oh my god
mmm-hmm oh my god bitter fixer into a
fucking monster oh okay now I'm just
gonna add some of cream looks like
okay now this is important because I
need to make sure that I do this
beautifully oh my god oh my god this is
going good this is working okay so now
you know might be fun I'm just gonna
pretend like it's a cake you know I mean
I'm just gonna add these little dollops
of frosting around the sides Oh
oh my god I'm a fucking genius I am the
world's best Baker oh my god
Cake Boss and over this so far now I'm
at sprinkles like I heard one else who
pressure is on oh my god oh my god oh my
god and then I pour so gotta have a
candle cuz you know what I'm like this
bitch up and then I got to add my little
birthday balloon you know for classiness
what else not forgetting anything
OOP got like here she is oh my god
I'm still ready for this okay here we go
guys make a wish let's see what do I
wish I wish this had no calories and I
wish I had the willpower to not drink
the entire thing after I turn this
camera off that's not gonna happen okay
time to try moment a fucking truth here
we go oh no we should guys try this
would be so bad
I see Jesus I see heaven heaven is real
God's not dead
all those Christian movie titles oh my
god oh my god if it was your birthday I
wish I could give you this even it's not
your birthday if he's your dad yeah I'm
gonna fuck I'm gonna give you this oh my
god this is so good guys just for the
premise though it's feel like I did it I
feel like I won the world morning guys
go that was me making a birthday cake
milkshake on a Friday night at like 2:00
in the morning so ever
all right you guys hope you have fun
drinking with me I spent drinking with
you I forgot there's alcohol we miss Oh
Oh see you never
I'm gonna black out bye guys make sure
is a feminine it is obviously a negative
sweet a thumbs up and all that other
shit and I will see little birthday guys
talk
it's an emoji pillow talk and it says I
would like talk to each other yeah good
idea how I would fucking talk to each
other instead of sending each other
little pictures of fucking yellow people
making awful faces having a stroke
nobody's helping him
