hey let's have you guys really quick
before the video starts I just want to
let you know that there was a brand new
video on the psychic twins Channel where
they give a reading to jenna Marbles and
tell her her future so check it out I'll
put the link down there go subscribe and
I will see you guys in a second hey if
you guys hey what's up dear yes I just
feel bad about saying anything like she
just stares at me in judgment she
watches everything I do in this office
and I do a lot of stuff in this office
because it's the one place in my house
that gets really good Wi-Fi you know for
watching YouTube I should start turning
her around she don't need to see that
yes speaking of playing with myself
today we're gonna be playing with toys
so yes I went to Rite Aid you know
everybody's favorite toy store and I
have a bunch of random shit I know you
guys are like Shane why don't you go to
Toys R Us well because I'm a grown man
and I don't have children and if I saw a
grown man with no children what grant
boys are us like this oh I would relate
to him cuz that would be me let's get
playing I'm gonna start with this cuz it
makes me angry do we really need this do
we need this it's an emoji pillow toll
and it says on the back talk to each
other yeah good idea
how I would fucking talk to each other
instead of sending each other little
pictures of fucking yellow people making
awful faces having the stroke nobody's
helping him by the way this face is the
one that makes me the angriest the
laughing/crying face the fucking vinyl
logo any vine you go to any fine you
will see a thousand of these and guess
what I've watched those vines and you
know what I didn't do this you know what
I did that just tears okay so what does
it do it says they talk to you I'm a
fuck seven he's not talking to me maybe
is because I offended him I'm sorry
you're beautiful you're not annoying I
don't instantly unmatch with you on
tinder when you send this to me by the
way word of advice if you match with
somebody on tinder and it's like going
pretty well do not send emojis do not
send this girl or this girl definitely
do not send dancing queen what the fuck
you don't have those to my penis this
could hold your emoji face-to-face
within three feet of any other emoji oh
so you found the app
another one of these motherfuckers I
can't just play with one girl by 12 man
fuck that
Oh press its hand I'm doing it
nothing's happening it says sweet Yolo
dude really you know who else could say
those terms up grandpa trying to be cool
totally totes adorbs love you who is
this mom that literally looks like my
mom's texted me
epic nobody has said epic in 12 years oh
oh that was his oh if I was a kid in my
toy literally just looking at uh-oh I
would lose my shit I had a lot Furby in
a closet along with myself Furby still
in there you know I'm free alright next
move we got some a spy kit shit okay
this one is called the secret voice
changer ooh
I definitely played with this before but
I'm gonna play with it again you guys
I'm excited see how it works
hello okay I'm excited
okay there's eight effects how do I pick
which one oh here we go
okay so this is the ghost effect hell
does that mean oh my god if it sounds
like a dead relative oh my god that
would be everything I could scare the
shit out of my other relatives with it
like called him up on the phone and be
like hey it's your uncle I watch you
let's do it okay first of all I don't
know what ghost that supposed to be but
she's young and she's dead and I love
that first of all this does not work you
can still hear my voice if you go to a
different oh this is the man voice
hopefully it sounds nothing like me
hello fuck whoa bitches on a lot of
teeth if you know what T is its
testosterone it's train slang don't
worry about it hey keep up ya got a lot
of trans friends I do
by the way tumblr called a fuck down
hello that one is whore fuck
this is like delayed which is making me
uncomfortable yeah Oh tuning that's
trending one oh this is alien oh that
just sound like the ghost girl again
this thing is a ripoff wait a squirrel
oh that one's good
oh wow oh my god whoa okay what should I
say I don't think I'd hear any of that
but it sounded just like bethany mota
i'm killin it by the way I met bethany
mota the other day at a restaurant and I
was like oh my god I'm so happy to meet
you I gave her a hug I like hugged a
little too long and she was like a
little uncomfortable and then she goes
you already met me and I was like what
she was at VidCon like years ago and you
said my hair smell like cookies you
don't remember that and I was like first
of all why would I say that to somebody
that's the creepiest than you could say
second of all I wish I remember that
because I would think about it literally
every day that's amazing
I met bethany mota before she was
bethany mota i met her before she was
air pops a full air ' girl air puff I
don't know how to say that store name
but bitch is rich not all some here's a
picture of us that's hot she looks
beautiful look rough she looks like she
smells like cookies I look like I smell
applause Anya but it's cool we best
friends now monkey popper ah what the
hell does this mean
okay squeezable soft foam shooter ear
power I wish let's see the picture but
everything about it makes me
uncomfortable
everything about that load him up don't
mind if I do please ball in his mouth I
mean really for real though you trying
to fuck with me right in
dajin arena squeeze the monkey poppers
belly and pop it out that doesn't sound
as gross but I could still fuck all
right let's try this okay so I guess you
put a little ball in its mouth is our
and then I guess he just nothing's
happening this is you just squeeze him
the fuck okay all right we figured it
out this is fine
well see if I was a kid and I have this
dill weed very dangerous wait let me try
to eat that dear I'm good all the way
back here okay ready one two three
what try to get one two three oh that
one was fast
all right this is the one I got feel it
damn it why am I always so practice yes
I hate to laugh it did knock him down
but I hit his little ass yeah I like
that
scented markers I am so excited about
this I remember when I was younger I
couldn't afford these and I always
wanted that because all the kids would
like be riding with her markers maybe
like reading each other's your books
maybe like pushy did you get your book
and I'd be like yeah maybe like haha
cool anyways and then my teacher recite
it and she'd sign it and she'd be like
hey you cuz you forgot my name or we're
done oh yeah scented markers so they all
have different food smells because
that's exactly what you know kids in
America need does everything to smell
like food the only one I care about is
this one right here and this is cinnamon
roll hmm which is interesting because
Brown is like dirt shit that's all
you're drawing with it so not your shit
is gonna taste like cinnamon rolls it
doesn't smell like anything what the
fuck okay no I kissed okay purple this
woman smell like great know what the
fuck you had one job markers
well technically two jobs like one would
be to write with and the other one would
be to smell and you fucked up one of
them what am I gonna do with these now
these are fucking useless what am I
gonna draw with them fucking use them on
paper what am i a fucking child and what
markers I smell like food damn it
thought you guys ago knows me playing
with toys not really successfully but
whatever I'm 27 you know give me a break
hey try to give this video a thumbs up
all day and we see you guys tomorrow
like always we'll be here you'll be here
forever you're gonna be watching me
until I die aren't you excited about
that yeah yeah later little friends or
croutons but I like little brats better
they actually do that it looks like I've
got like blown up into a giant and then
I was like ooh
don't try make sandwich but oh I'm so
confused oh let me take my oh fuck
