hey what's up you guys really quick I
just want to let you know that there is
a brand new podcast up right now I know
it's been forever
this one we talked about Valentine's Day
what we did who we hooked up with and we
interview a dubs so I will put the link
down there check it out and I will see
you guys in a second hey zippy guys yes
I'm so excited today because I get to do
something that I did not get to do when
I was a kid and that is have delicious
sugary awful diabetes causing cereals
cuz when I was little we would just have
Cheerios and buy Cheerios I mean just
big plastic bags with a bunch of little
O's on it I think the label said like
booze it wasn't even knows zoos
you know just the cheap shit so I went
to Target and I got all the beautiful
amazing sugary cereals like a fine I'm
gonna keep it real I've had lis cereals
for about a week now
and one of them didn't make it one of
them did not survive so i'ma tell you I
liked it I liked it a lot literally I've
never eaten a box of cereal in my life
I'm gonna be wrong it took me like two
days I'll just like randomly like get up
in the middle gonna be like I need like
a little something something you don't
mean like a little maybe look it's a
fruit maybe a little nut no that's too
healthy how about some Lucky Charms on
the back it says what's the story in
your bowl you really don't want to know
lucky you do not want to know okay we
are going to start with something I've
never even heard of before by the way
these are all open because I had a
friend come over and they want to try
them all I have not tried them I'm not
lying to you I was honest about Lucky
Charms so I'm not gonna lie about the
rest
this is those s'mores now I never heard
of these before very confused and since
you asked for it it's bad I don't know
asking for it but I'm really happy it's
back how do I feel about Christina
Aguilera coming we didn't ask for it but
like she's back crunchy graham cereal
wrapped in rich chocolatey coating with
marshmallows that's a lot that's almost
too much but then again it's me so it's
not that's like when you had a hot topic
and you seen employee and she's wearing
like plaid hands a plaid shirt rainbow
scarf like nose ring galaxy hair galaxy
socks if she were to get a face tattoo
you got too much
that's exactly how good
this okay so I have a bowl and I have
some milk we're gonna do this legitly
I'm not just gonna shove my little nasty
hands in the box
cuz I'm a grown man compromise more okay
little milky milk alright here we go oh
this reminds me of childhood oh sorry I
went back make it back to the present
okay here we go
you know what that's a lie cuz I'm a box
it was like this gonna be a lot and then
when you taste it it's like what which
is exactly like the people in Riga Hot
Topic like you see them and you're like
you're gonna be a lock and then they
open their mouth and they're like hi
welcome to Hot Topic my name's Tiffany
how can I help you Tiffany look you're
gonna say your name is new shop are
always let me down I don't know it's
fine like I just yeah whatever it
doesn't haha those are words basically
it just tastes like graham crackers and
some marshmallows I do not taste
chocolate at all it is not making my
milk chocolatey and it's honestly making
me angry I wish you guys could have seen
my face when I tried that Lucky Charms
the first time oh it was almost like a
make-a-wish Foundation you know I mean I
was like that little girl and I was in
my hospital bed and they were like what
do you want little girl and I was like
or I died I just want to be Beyonce I
never like well Beyonce can't come but
Sierra's yeah I mean I was like oh
that's what s'mores is like now Beyonce
walked in the door that's what he charms
next area Captain Crunch caramel popcorn
crunch I don't talk about that I don't
want popcorn in my cereal you know I
mean I also don't trust him and I don't
like his face like he looks like he has
a hole cut in the bottom of that popcorn
box you know like if I put my hand in
that little box you know I'm gonna get
some extra camp
look there's a fact on the back did you
know that National caramel popcorn day
is April 6 you just made that shit up
also if you did know that kill yourself
okay here we go alright let's see if
these taste like popcorn I hope not
weird Oh weird wait oh oh my god why oh
my god it is like popcorn like the
texture is a popcorn bit look like those
popcorn tins on hon I'm Christmas like
with a puppy on the side oh there's like
three little puppies in a basket like
little puppies like hi like one of
them's like I'm caramel the other ones
like I'm butters like I'm cheese and
then you're like I don't give a fuck
about you puppies that's funny
whatever's inside that's what it tastes
like
but the texture is cereal I don't like
things that taste like things that
aren't those things that makes no sense
Mike honey the closest animal tastes
like we did if I mean the Nestle I want
to things like a mouth
I don't like brain teasers ooh the worst
is when you think you're going to take a
big ol sip attack oak and mother fucking
gives you know or wha just water in
general let's just get rid of water
alright next a real jazz remover that
will viral video
Lucy Rihanna milk cereal and milk cereal
and cereal and cereal and milk have
probably never existed probably dream
that okay Chris I have always wanted to
try all the kids in my school had these
they would bring them in like little
couches and he's like Ethan during class
I was so jealous I mean I had to get
those cookies how they get those cookies
so be so small alright let's pour this
bitch in woo they are so cute little
cookies look at that fucking shit oh my
god I love it
okay I'm excited don't let me down
please just got real
okay I don't hate it it doesn't is a
cookies like at all
like it just tastes like semi-sweet
cereal like those he's like a cookie
like I was expecting to buy into like a
bunch of little ass cookie but bitches
boy some a little bit of crunch them a
little bit of bite and instead it's just
giving me rice krispies treats which
once again if I'm battling to a cookie
and I wanted to taste the crispy treat I
already told you my ass home Apple
analogy I don't know I mean I don't hate
it like yes I'm gonna eat the whole box
I'm gonna eat the whole box tonight and
I don't even know cuz I can just you
know cryin to it but it just doesn't fit
me but if I want it cookies fuck
side up Oregon next cereal French toast
crunch ooh like I don't even need to try
it like already killed it like killed it
about the red
rekted then I'm gonna kill it again yeah
I mean I didn't matter oh my god Oh
bursting with cinnamon and syrup tastes
I have had this when I was little it's
been a long time
he's been on honey the hair cinnamon
toast crunch actually that's an ally
because it probably wasn't called that
it was probably in a big bag and it was
probably called little tiny pieces of
bread the cereal Oh
gotta love Costco all right let's try
this oh my god they look like little
breads
look at that little friends or croutons
but I like little brats better they
actually do that it looks like I've got
like blown up into a giant and then I
was like ooh boom Tremec sandwich but oh
I'm still confused oh let me take a bite
oh fuck but Johnny your fingers squash
them a little bread I entertain myself
okay let's do this that's my naked eye
by the way you need to slap oh my god ah
that is baby that this what where why
who is that whoa that is the shit not
spots really wish it was honestly don't
have to pay me they just give me a free
box of this like once a week
I have this shit in the background you
got to be like Oh Shane I love your dick
mug and your cut Cup and your french
toast crunch box like it would just be a
part of my world cuz this is the shit
whoo look on the back it says tiny
thoughts one small step for man is just
a shuffle that's kind of depressing
isn't the original quote like one small
step for man it's like a huge step for
everybody and this is like nah he just
trip that's all that was well I love the
honesty on the box that's good okay we
got one left and I really hope it
doesn't ruin up my amazing mouth right
now things a whore would say Oh
me bad I'm not gonna sugarcoat this
sugar cut Syria sugar cereal I loved
what I did there but this will be gross
this is Fruity Pebbles ribose sugar
division or rainbow share Bay if you're
fancy I'm not
it's sherbert and it's gross I used to
mix up rainbow sherbert to look like
shit because I was like oh my god
oh this ice cream in the fridge like I'm
just gonna keep eating it but if I mix
it up it'll look like shit and then I
won't want to eat it I still ate it and
it looked like I was eating actual human
feces but I didn't need as much of it
alright here we go
I am NOT excited about this I love
fruity pebbles don't get me wrong which
by the way if you've never made pretty
tuples into a rice krispy treat the
technically I guess this would be a
fruity pebble treat it would be good
here we go oh I don't like colors no no
whoa oh my god I'm on the boss do you
see that I'm on the boss I'm wearing at
the fixture oh my god his shirt has the
letter S on it what the fuck is this
really happening
is this final destination I'm not gonna
go honestly I probably want a diet right
Rory
all right here we go get a little
rainbow sherbert bite just what a kid
wants sherbert
isn't that Kesha's last name like our
actual last name is it like a sherbert I
don't know why should changed it a cute
name and if you mix it up it looks like
shit Kesha I'm sorry I shouldn't he
driving him into this world you're going
through enough
oh no no no no no no ketchup would never
that taste like mmm what's the opposite
of ketchup I love her name but that's
he's like the bitch you're saying I can
fuck you bad better there
they did her that's what that tastes
like
oh just wrong gross get it out of my
mouth I never want it again that's awful
fuck off so altogether I would say my
favorite was obviously the Lucky Charms
considering April box a close second
will be the French toast crunch and then
I don't think I want anything ones right
they were fine I'm gonna eat all of them
I'll probably even eat the sherbert one
because obviously let me know in the
comments which foods you guys like also
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe I can even do some cool things
and I want to see little fruity pebbles
tomorrow by Ke$ha I love you they're
gonna get through this
hashtag free ketchup hash tag do not eat
that cereal though okay well I talked
about a little on my podcast I was
definitely never going to talk about
this in videos but I feel like it's kind
of interesting especially a lot of you
guys are dealing with like sexuality or
coming out or expressing yourself or
whatever so I think maybe this would be
a little interesting so dating
