hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com the show where I
react to things that are blowing up on
the Internet
let's be honest life is a struggle some
days it's really difficult to get out of
bed and other days it's really difficult
to get into bed because your vision is
blurry due to how hard you've been
sobbing we're all probably human we all
have emotions and sometimes those
emotions wind us up in a metaphorical
ditch in the ground our eyes full of
tears our mouth full of a weird taste
wondering how did I get here and that my
friends is why there are people in the
world called motivational speakers the
people that using their words can take
you by the scruff of your neck if you
had a scruff of your neck right you out
of that metaphorical ditch and scream
into your face that you will and can do
better however do the fact that
motivational speakers are also human
being sometimes those godlike heroic
plans go awry just terrible news for
most people but excellent news for us
because today we are going to be
reacting to motivational speaker sales
ok commuter me out of a tional speaker
rails let's see what the Internet has to
offer in terms of people really trying
their best and not succeeding first
video I'm going to be clean on is
motivational speaker let's a chick fall
comfort he loves talking with the hands
comes up because earlier on several
people write down the words that they
feed it with words to bring about oh
this is give me a trustful going wrong
let's clap for more though oh my god
she's gonna she's about to climb up a
ladder in so long bit oh my god he's not
he's like not for the catcher I know the
ending and I kind of wish I didn't my
god
guess what robos like that the message
at the end of that motivational speech
is never trust anyone because they will
let you down
who hurt this man I mean I already don't
love trusting lots of people so if
somebody did that to me I would probably
crawl inside my little crawlspace
close the door maybe bring a snack and
just never leave or talk to anyone ever
again the next video we're going to be
watching is entitled motivational
speaker fail headbanger fail it is such
a fail that they had to put the word
fail in the title twice hello friends
Oh arkeen so well you can do anything
she thinks you kill with this piece of
work what's you gonna do with it or not
right over my head no oh my god talking
so fast why why oh oh oh how about
there's so much fun please he could be
spending time I have a few ideas in
terms of better ways he could have spent
his time grooving the same point that
you can do anything you set your mind to
maybe this man who was boldly attempting
to inspire the masses could have started
a garden and show that if you nurture
and care for something that it can
succeed maybe to inspire people instead
of breaking a piece of wood over his
head he could have ripped a paper plate
in half an equally as impractical
activity but significantly less pain
caused to the head region another thing
he could have done watched a bunch of
eyebrow tutorial and learned how to fill
in eyebrows really well that's something
he wanted to do me go to set his mind to
it and accomplish the goal and us
proving the same fool okay the next
video is called the real life Michael
Scott motivational speaker fails hello
Facebook friends it is a gorgeous day in
Austin Texas and I am sitting here
getting amped up getting ready oh you do
so well oh my god I'm amped up
I will fight for what is right oh my
gosh there was no fail in that video Wow
while there was no failure in that video
there were a lot of lessons to be
learned about failure and how to combat
it I think that's enough motivation for
today honestly I'm ready to tackle the
rest of what today has to offer
whoa let's do it the night thank you so
much for watching this hopefully
motivating episode of on.com eliminate
you with our awesome internet shrapnel
if you enjoyed this episode give it a
thumbs up and be sure to check out the
latest video on my channel it will be
one of the first links in the
description you can follow me across my
social media at Giles's chizel Twitter
Instagram snapchat is always fun coal
washing today how are you doing really I
will see you all next week with a brand
new episode ABAB calm Salkin
