hey guys so it's been a minute since
I've done a vlog where I've just like
talked and kind of updated you guys
about I don't know just like my life and
shit and I'm I going through some things
and I was like you know what instead of
holding in holding on to it not really
talking about it might as well talk
about it's kind of what I started my
youtube channel doing surprisingly I
didn't start my youtube channel doing
hacks and DUIs DIYs see whatever's you
know what I mean I started just talking
about my life so I guess I'm going to do
that today well I talked about a loved
one on my podcast I was definitely never
going to talk about this in videos but I
feel like it's kind of interesting
especially a lot of you guys are dealing
with like sexuality or coming out or
expressing yourself or whatever so I
think maybe this would be a little
interesting so dating it's interesting
dating girls is very easy for me not
easy for that sounds very like a good
Big Jake that's not what I mean what I
mean is I know how to do that I know how
to take a girl out make her feel special
be the man pay for things open the doors
say the right sayings I know how to do
all of that and it's pretty natural for
me it's pretty like not that I've had a
lot of girlfriends or not that I've
dated a lot but there's so something in
my blood that's like that's very natural
for me maybe it's cuz I've seen a lot of
movies I don't know dating guys is very
different and it's something nobody
warned me about or told me about
therapists friends nobody everybody's
like yeah Sheen live this new life and
do your thing and try dating guys and
just do whatever you want to do it's
gonna be great nobody was like hey this
is a whole new world a bunch of dicks
and they're all scary
it's it and let me okay where do I start
and this is why I'm talking about this
because I feel like it might be
interesting to people who are debating
whether or not they should date their
own gender if you're a guy and you start
dating a guy and you don't know how to
do that it can turn into a friendship
very fast especially for me because you
know for me I am I wouldn't say I'm like
shy or anything but it does take me a
minute to warm up like sexually I'm not
you know I'm not gonna have sex on the
first date I'm not a casual sex person
um it takes a lot for me to get there
because I have trust issues and because
I'm I don't know I just takes a lot so
because I don't lead with my sexual foot
if you will
have lead with my personality and my
conversation and my jokes and and it can
turn into like a friendship very fat to
the point where the first date is like
oh now we're best friends and you know
what you don't want to do fuck your best
friend you don't want to do that so I've
been experiencing this thing where like
I'll date a guy and I'll be like and on
paper I'm like this is great like you
know did were attracted to each other
and we have all the same interests and
this is great and then like very very
quickly it's like and we're friends
and we don't want to do anything because
we're friends and it's heartbreaking
because I don't know how to not do that
I mean I guess it just takes time I
don't want to jump into dating situation
with a guy and just be like okay I'm not
gonna be funny and I'm not gonna be
myself and I'm gonna like put up walls
and I'm gonna try to be like sexy and
then I'm gonna be like oh yeah mmm fuck
like I can't I don't do that so I guess
I'm just gonna have to keep dating until
I find the right person or and I do need
to start dating girls again I don't know
I just feel like I need to start dating
more in general because I've not been on
that many and I'm extremely picky not
even looks-wise I'm not a shallow person
I prefer flaws I love it give me flaws
give me give me flaws give me scars give
me give me back fat like I love anything
problems problematic you know I look for
that I was on tinder and I saw a guy
with the fucking poop bag and I was like
yes swipe right on that shit bag like I
want people who are flawed and
interesting and different I cuz I am you
know I have scars I'm fucked up Jose
talking about shit bags my scars oh yeah
so for me I need to make me be less
picky or no no I don't know I need to go
on more dates because I need to get more
comfortable in the dating life in the
dating situation I'm 27 you know
hopefully in three years I'll meet
somebody who I am really into boy girl
whatever that I'll want to be married
and stuff I'm not there yet I mean I was
with Lisa she's the best so I mean it
doesn't get better than that as far as
like wifey material you know it didn't
work out but that's hard to live up to
why am I talking about this I don't know
whatever I'm gonna keep going you guys
might think it's interesting so yeah
it's it's definitely weird
there's other weird things too with this
dating as a youtuber which is new for me
because I've always talked to people
about it your youtubers about it like
there's this thing where people around
my age on the apps the Tinder's and
stuff I don't know whether or not to say
like Who I am because if they say like
oh what do you do for a living I'm like
a writer cuz I do every nook like I
don't know I don't want to be like a
youtuber cuz that was me on the other
end of that I'd be like okay bye like
that would be scary if I don't want I
don't want every day to be a challenge
literally but it is weird because like
you know you'll start talking to
somebody and I'll start like feeling
like I have a connection with somebody
and I'm like oh this is nice like I'm
talking we're talking back and forth
whatever and they're like what do you do
for a living I'm like I'm a writer
they're like me - this is crazy and then
like you're talking doctoring and then
like slowly but surely you find out that
not only do they know who you are but
they're like following you on Twitter
and follow you on Instagram and like
they know everything about you and this
has happened to me like three times
where I've been like oh or who I'm
connecting and then they have lied and
they actually know who I am and they
probably only swiped because they're
like oh it's Shane I don't know how to
deal with that it's not relatable at all
probably most of you guys but it's
definitely interesting and I've seen
youtubers on apps it's weird like
swiping and seeing like your YouTube
friends is kind of weird especially this
is a little bit of tea for you
especially some of these youtubers on
these apps like they connect their
Instagram to them which is embarrassing
so it's like you go on tinder and then
you'll see like their picture and then
you'll see like their Instagram or it's
like 5 million followers and you're like
really Queen and this by the way I've
seen book guys and girl you tubers do
this and then it'll say like in their
bio it's like I just film my life and
millions of people watch my crazy
adventures do you want to be a part of
my adventure I'm like oh my god you want
to be alone forever like that's awful
fuck
oh so yeah it's another thing I don't
know how to do date as a youtuber I got
I've been lucky so far you know I and I
talked about this on my podcast so
whatever this isn't this isn't new news
I was in a relationship with a guy for
maybe five months or something and it
ended semi recently and you know he knew
who I was but he wasn't a fan he knew
who I was he's like oh yeah I've seen
your face on things and
on the internet that like I don't really
watch YouTube and to me it was like that
was an honest answer and I was like okay
cool and you know and I dated somebody
recently who it was the same thing it
was like oh no I know who you are but
I'm not like I don't want YouTube or
whatever and not that I have anything
against people who watch YouTube because
obviously I'm on YouTube it's just hard
like it's hard to have a first date when
they already know you you don't I mean
like if me okay for example if me and
you went on date whoever is watching
this right now it's not fair really
because you know so much about me and I
don't know anything about you so it
would be very one-sided and it would be
like you wouldn't have a chance to like
all in love with me or get to know me or
like have a first impression because you
know everything is that make sense I
don't know how like actual famous people
do it because I'm not famous how do you
like actual famous people date I don't
know it's weird I know there's a dating
app for famous people I wouldn't it
first of all I will get rejected but I
don't think I'd want to date a famous
person I think that sounds awful I don't
know where we're going with this
hopefully this was semi interesting I
don't know I guess what I'm trying to
say is I'm in a weird place right now
kind of not I'm in an exciting place I'm
trying to pretend like it's exciting I'm
in a place where I'm ready to date more
and I'm ready to open myself up more
I've been pretty closed off for a while
even in my last relationship not Lisa
but after that I was pretty closed off I
don't think I was comfortable being with
a guy completely and it was a really
nice guy and you know all of the things
were there on paper you know it all made
sense but for some reason just didn't
feel right I think it's because I wasn't
ready for it no it's interesting it's
it's sad because I'm 27
you know so I guess another reason I'm
making this videos to say to you guys if
you're younger you know what it's never
too late to figure your shit out but the
sooner the better if you're 1718 you're
trying to figure your shit out and
you're like am i gay I might buy what am
i a Maya boy am i growing it start
figuring it out now really start delving
into it now because you could end up
begging me at 27 almost 30 just figuring
it out and it's scary it's I'm excited
I'm doing it but it's scary so anyways
I'll keep you guys posted I mean not
really I'm not gonna be like sad I went
on a date like I'm not going to do that
I'll keep you posted on like how I
eventually get more comfortable with
this weird dating world alright guys
hope you enjoyed today's random talk I
love you and yeah leave a comment
letting me know
know what your thoughts are on all that
this whatever I talked about if you're
gay how do you how did you deal with
dating the same gender like did it feel
hard at first was it confusing and if
you're not gay or if you're not by or
what not I've ever thought about it like
what would that be like I don't know
interesting I haven't really heard that
many people talk about that all right
I'm gonna go see you guys tomorrow bye I
already worked out today and I work out
I mean I just got my Oriole video so I
feel like I don't need to do this doing
it for you y'all wanted this actually no
you didn't nobody asked me to do this
I'm doing this to myself
