hi welcome back to Shane's kitchen I've
been here all day cooking no eating
mm-hmm and today we're going to be
eating ice cream but instead of just you
don't going to 7-eleven at what I am and
seeing what kind of Ben and Jerry's core
they got today I thought it'd be fun if
we made it ourselves so I saw this thing
target and I was like yeah that looks
dumb in like a waste of money put it in
my cart
it is the two-in-one a real ice-cream
maker with the most depressed children
I've ever seen seriously somebody give
this kid a pill so I don't know how this
thing works mainly because I don't read
instructions so we're just gonna open it
up and put some milk inside oh god it
looks so complicated why don't you have
to go make things so complicated yeah
why can't I just go to Ralphy to a I'm
against some banned cherries huh cookie
corer and then maybe some fudge and
maybe cool Magic Shell when it turns
real crispy and then you dig in with
your spoon of you and some sprinkles and
we cream yeah I'm gonna end this video
for food by okay that's how you open a
box right never done it before I didn't
see my first box till I was 22 but a
food Shh
put this fucking stupid thing look at
that little stupid fucking sticker
that's not even stuck on there right oh
look at all this I hate this
actually no I'm excited you know this is
honestly the kind of toy I wish I would
have had when I was a kid and instead I
played with bugs mainly the ones on my
head I had why salon so I'm gonna try to
have fun and you know pretend like I'm a
kid again a kid who's lived a life he's
had a long life but he's good okay so
first things first is oh this is
honestly really easy actually okay so I
think you Phil I am lying what the fuck
oh no no Kay now I get it oh my god
there's a lot of parts
so you add yes yes yes you add 6 spoons
of salt dayum so a Crunchwrap - uh cold
water all right so we got our little
salt container here oh my god did you
a sugar container did you guys ever eat
Cheerios in the morning and then just
open up that sugar container I just pour
that shit in I remember doing that being
like I'm on the cheerio diet mom wait
watch your approved no no and take that
sugar and I would just go alright that's
probably way too much salt but it's fun
your ice cream can't be cold enough I'm
sticky going knowfox salty fucks okay
now it's out of water
okay definitely a chemical reactions
happening then we're just gonna add a
tox on again look at me being a cup look
at me being a child yeah okay whenever
we're all right got you just slip back
in here and then what that's always good
the fuck where are all these four ah
okay so I guess you just mix the
ingredients and put it in here and then
something happens so I'm gonna make
chocolate obviously strawberry yeah
chocolate right right but wait you can
do - we're gonna chocolate vanilla okay
right nothing alone this side yeah then
we just add some motherfuckin
half-and-half
whoever this would be good at my cheerio
and sugar mix so I guess you just do
that I don't fucking know and you just
mix it up oh yeah she's looking real
gross see what daddy's cooking you like
them don't worry how much you get her
son you're not gonna like it it's for us
yeah this is much easier than just buy
it it's not really mixing at all like
literally at all so this is a problem
okay that's what we need we need a fork
it up you look for action in there okay
so now that your mixture is ready I
guess we just put this thing back on
here and then we spin it and it goes
quicker look literally everywhere
alright let's see how long I just spin
it for what ten minutes
I have not taken ten minutes to do
anything with my life you look like me
cuz they have been ten
within minutes and tomorrow this shit
you mean enough stripper all right
whatever we're gonna do it because
YouTube oh shit I broke it
no I got it okay let's begin the clock
for real I already worked out today and
I work out I mean I just done my Oreo
video so I feel like I don't need to do
this doing it for you
y'all wanted this actually no you didn't
nobody asked me to do this I'm doing
this to myself
I'm gonna do this for ten minutes and
then I'll see you assholes later I'll be
very sweaty and very angry and very
hungry
so come bug back alright it has been ten
minutes by the way I had to use both
hands to do this you know how hard it
was for 10 minutes not to text or like
do something on my phone I literally had
to listen to myself
brief it got a real dark let's try the
ice cream okay so I don't know if this
worked or not to me it looks like the
same shit does it look like anything
I guess you open it up let's see what
happened ah okay very safe for kids so
what are you doing is like take this
thing out or or what you just take it
off of it let's just take a little
Scooby Scooby off the top it just looks
like oh hello hold on look at this look
at this look at this it actually made
ice cream guys oh oh my god let's try it
oh no no no hold on hold on give you all
the money shot you want okay let's give
a little taste Cheers oh my god oh my
god oh that this is a shock I thought
this was gonna turn out very bad this is
so fucking good it's so fattening like
the most fattening thing I've ever
tasted but J okay wait let's try some
chocolate now ooh oh my god the
chocolate even more oh my god okay oh I
get it now like I didn't get it before I
get it now like yeah that's a lot of
work but like you feel like you worked
out so you deserve this kind of like
when you go to the gym and then right
after the gym you're like in and out
like that oh my god this is good
be pickin at this tonight I'll put this
in the fridge Oh pick at it later this
is really good
no this is not sponsor this is not
sponsor I literally said fucking dick
like any times but this fucking dick was
good enough for my mouth three guys go
that was me man guys screaming it fuck
is worth I did something right
finally thank you this video thumbs up
it's Japanese go to hit and I'll see you
little ice cream pops tomorrow honestly
I think literally just galaxies
everything in my house that's how I got
Shane was such a sweet boy what happened
to him well he was just galaxies
everything it is an entire house and he
ended up just yeah like seeing his body
today you got to be cooking galaxies get
inside
