hey baby guys yes today I am at El
Torito now I'm actually my bathroom so
it looks like a Mexican restaurant
which I love and that is the smell that
my shower creates my body just makes
nachos
it just happens so today I thought it'd
be fun if I tried to make a bath ball a
galaxy bath bomb because that's exactly
what I need being naked inside of a tub
thinking about the entire universe hmm I
think I dry myself let's get started so
I saw all the interests I saw all our CL
beauties so everybody doing this and I
was like I can fucking makeup bath bomb
I'm sure it's going to be really easy
and I'm gonna succeed I'm kidding it's
going to be awful and I'm gonna fail
just like well every other DIY I Drive
more like DIY are you doing this to
yourself Shane I don't think I've done
that joke before but also it's not true
it's just the truth okay so first we
have baking sugar lemon juice food
coloring spray and glitter all of these
things are going to go down my drain and
kill the animals so just call me
SeaWorld so first things first we're
supposed to mix some baking soda with
some food coloring so I even read well
any instructions but I didn't watch the
videos I don't know they just poured a
shitload inside of the bowl one just
said like there it is so that's what I'm
going to do okay so there's the app
smells like chemicals can't wait to
bathe in it and then we just take her
color mist okay so I'm gonna start with
blue honestly I really hope it works
I know it's like oh shoot your new pony
is good for the room but I actually do
hope it works cuz I'll be really cool if
it did please work woo
you see that will happen watch this
pretty glow and then you just mix it in
oh this is five okay
now I was making fun of it but I get it
who had one Oh Mike you guys need to see
like a close-up of this for like watch
what happens when I spray you see that
is they're catching on camera so cool I
can show you the world inside of my
bathtub my balls are floating above my
dick because I'm all balls and no dick
naima bum okay so now we're just going
to mix in the other colors so we got
some partner
okay look close ooh pretty do oh my god
it honestly looks really cool honestly I
think literally just galaxies everything
in my house that's how I got Shane was
such a sweet boy what happened to him
well he was just galaxies everything it
is an entire house and ended up just
John like seeing his body together
you got to be moving galaxies did in
science now he's up there in the galaxy
just kidding there's nothing after dad
next color oh by the way I'm kidding I
believe it Africa I don't know what it
is like Tibet in this all right ooh by
the way galaxy 4 oh my god
love it okay so after you have the color
if you want I think we have you mix in
lemon juice now this is the part that I
think is bullshit because Hugh makes
lemon juice in with this it's gonna have
a reaction and it's not going to be good
sorry let's see you have this oh my god
and I'm right oh my god okay daddy just
made a play that's something bad Oh
actually no wait he's working maybe if
you just mold it all together it'll look
like a bath bomb honestly I would rather
do this than actually go into lush that
place used to be fun like they give you
like free arm massages and bring and
massages free but massages that you go
in the back and you say coming back here
then the creepy got that works there
goes oh this is for the extra massage
and they say okay I was just here to get
a bath ball but alright and that is away
with you it's a free chapstick out of it
so that spot what's that more purple all
right so I think we're ready put it into
a cup and move it alright so you can't
see what's happening here but I'm just
putting all this nasty shit made into
your cup and it's really exciting so
you're missing out oh my God look at
that
Alex e yo Gert Oh looks so pretty I love
this okay so now that we have our cut
filled with whatever the fuck we just
made we're gonna freeze it for I'm going
to look two hours or something and then
see the bird I'll give you a hint it's
not a moment okay so it has been two
hours and about 25 minutes of me trying
to watch the galaxy off my fingers and
it did not work but we have our ha and
let's see what happened oh my god
nervous how should we do this let's peel
it off oh my god anticipation is killing
me the colors good oh no I don't think
this worked hold on did it work oh oh if
you make it work
ah look at me I love her glitter shit
away how about now this will be any
better
oh I heard it everywhere oh look at this
I mean that looks like a glittery
fucking back hold on I had a real bat
bomb in here
let's compare all right well this was
way better but hey we tried all right
now the only thing was to do was put
this in a fucking bath and see what
happens
ah hey guys so I just learned that my
bath tub doesn't work I literally was
filling it for what was probably an hour
and yes just drain it so we are still
gonna try this out I'm not going to like
get in and I was so ready I was ready to
jump in this bath I put on my swimming
shirt yes I have a swimming shirt are
you really that surprised but it's hot
we're still it has a shit all right
let's see if it's all right here you go
it's like I just killed a friend in a
work that literally did nothing let's
just compare holder we're gonna compare
that
see how different is shitty look at that
it's like I just saw her damn doing a
four over here so that the water is
fully bloodied and pink and it's still
set up so there you go all those
backpacks are bullshit they don't really
work I mean they how'd it work is there
like looks like that bomb if you like
put them in the corner of your table and
be like fancy but when you actually put
them in about nothing happens but hey
it's still kind of weird right those
kinds of success a little bit no at
least I tried and that doesn't matter
where you guys go hopefully you to
involve in with me I enjoyed bombing
with you pretty good this video thumbs
up subscribe
your nothing with ego zip single day and
I'll see you little bat bombs tomorrow
I never put a pacifier in my mouth what
am i doing
I've never put a pacifier in my mouth
and I've always done it haven't you
don't lie to me you know you see babies
sucking on them and you're like damn
that's the life
