hey what's up you guys you know what I
hate babies I just don't get it you know
I mean like I don't get it why are they
so cute there's this a fat little person
and I have enough fat little people
thank you little women of LA had a
marathon yesterday and I got my effects
so I know you guys are thinking Shane
why did I click on this video you're
trying baby products what happened to
you and I would say life's long story
short I have tried girl products boy
products and I was like you know what
what's next animal products no because
even I'm not going to go that far but
what's right above an animal like right
above it a stupid fucking baby so let's
write that was a target I got a bag full
of baby shit and I am ready to get my
infant on that would be the worst Biola
tinder Mike we got a lot of tinder BIOS
that'll be the worst hi Shane six-one
ready to get my infant on wipe right if
you are googoo gah-gah like me okay I
mean first things first I need to dress
for the occasion so I got myself you
know just like a little something casual
subtle nothing too flashy yeah yeah
that's good I also got myself Oh
pacifier now listen I as creepy as it
sounds and looks I've never put a
pacifier in my mouth what am i doing
I've never put a pacifier in my mouth
and I've always punished too haven't you
don't lie to me you know you see babies
sucking on them and you're like damn
that's the life like as normal grown
humans all we want to do is eat food but
like babies have the best diet plan they
suck on that thing all day that keeps
them occupied and then when they are
hungry they got to drink out their
mama's titty which is probably not that
fun so they're like let's get this over
with
I want to the baby diet mom hi can you
start lactating for me thanks okay how
does this open cop got it whoo excited
wait does this how does this work
Oh Baba okay let's see if this controls
my eating issues I get it it's fun I
would do this I'm going to do this I'm
gonna keep this you're gonna see like
really creepy pictures of me like tag
pictures on Instagram like I meant Shane
at the mall and it's gonna be me like
cuz honestly I like to us I'm gonna save
this for later when I watch TV just like
blow me
tyro beers and Wendy Williams and that's
it cuz I'm all by myself
watch why does he a funny trick hello
next toy piggy assure this is um ha it's
a little milkshake for babies holy fuck
that's a lot of calories oh my god it's
so much sugar this is awful for these
children
good keep making them drink it maybe
they'll die help kids grow well yeah
obviously you're fuckin feeding them
lard grow and gain why do you want them
to gain Oh my guess you do want a baby
the game because you want to grow up
into a person see the way my mind works
I'm like girl if I'm a baby help me lose
I just want to be a tiny little skeleton
I want you guys hanging me up at a tree
on Halloween is look at that neighbors
check it out alright
oh it's black it's like black colored
why I'm not gonna question it just gonna
drink it meet the bar open oh my god oh
my god what that is oh my god that's the
best chocolate milk I've ever had in my
life oh that's like half and half or
like just straight-up cream oh my god oh
fuck see and like I would feel not
guilty drinking this umm because it says
it's good for your brain and your eyes
so you know it's gonna give me some back
fat for sure definitely some little
titties but it's good for the brain in
the eyes and that's all that matters
right guys right right everybody out
there that's all that matters brain and
eyes right not bodies
you're not like going out with somebody
and you just like looking at their body
just looking at the brains in their eyes
that's how it works that's how fucking
works next toy booger mist I mean what
what this is like one of those awful
Shark Tank products probably that like
everybody's like an app and the barber
was like I'll do it Oh
Barbara oh okay
not meant for that okay it's
non-medicated at natural saline and it
is used to dry up your sinuses
interesting if I was a baby I'm here to
score this in my face trigger let's do
it
oh my god
uh wonder babies always make those faces
what are you doing to them you're
feeding them out of your titties you
shoving this in their face oh they're
always so unhappy
oh the mist with a twist I don't know
what the fuck that means what's the
twist what if it what if the twist was
like an instant but you'd asleep and you
just saw me pass out oh my god and then
nobody finds me until like two days from
now when the guy comes to take my trash
out and I'm like dead on the ground with
a little bow in my hair and a pacifier
but actually sounds fun let's do that
okay next okay so I got some baby food
because I never tried some of these and
these are new because they come in a
pouch you know like a Caprice on like a
juice box
you know spaghetti and meat sauce same
thing lip-smacking spaghetti and meat
sauce with a sprinkle of cheese textured
but not lumpy me all right
ooh the sound of food I love it oh okay
all right
I was not expecting it to look like this
I just created a noise like nobody's
ever made that noise I'm gonna trademark
that noise never mind I'm not
trademarking a stop redit calm down okay
whoo there's a little note on the back
it's from Ellis and it is a seven year
old in England my daddy promised me and
my brother that our baby foods would
always be fun handy and really yummy
he said he'll only put stuff in them
that helps babies grow up I said they'll
only like him if they taste as good as
their mom and what why is the
seven-year-old remember way it's mama
Teddy tastes like I feel like you forget
about that you know me like like don't
want Moses you black out like yeah you
suck on your mama's titty for like I
don't know a year but then like the rest
of your life you look at your mama's
titty and you throw up little Alex
she misses that squish oh crap yeah all
right let's try this shit Oh
my here it is I hate it alright we're
going to do it I'd rather take a titty
mama give me a gin oh my god I'd rather
take my dad's titty literally any titty
oj simpson titty and you can kill me
afterward and it would be better than
that
oh my god moving on Oh ooh I'm excited
about this this is a sick one of those
little cups we're like you could like
drink out of it with like no straws like
a little sucky sucky and another word
for it sucky little sucky Cup
no no no whatever the fuck baby is
saying I didn't get this when I was
little because my mom was like uh-huh
that's real cute but here's a straw I'm
always so jealous of all the other kids
and their cool little cops man with
little ninja turtles on it you know my
cup hat on it my mom's nipple and I
drank it here we go I'm gonna put some
diaper beer in there oh my god
it literally turned into one of those
crazy moms on hoarders I take care of my
children hold up little ray ray just
filling up your breakfast there we go
wait you want a scoop of ice cream in
this hole babies love a good floats so
you just close that and then this is so
good oh my god I'm gonna actually use
this this is fire oh my god wait does it
spill Oh
oh my god nevermind oh my god it's going
everywhere I was gonna say this is the
perfect coach Cup you know just sippy
sniffing throw it on the couch jerky
jerky you know I'm saying oh but no it
did not work okay next okay I have a lot
more stuff so I'm probably gonna do a
part two of this video in the future so
let's do one more thing I want to try
these motherfucking little crunchies now
this is ranch flavored and it's from
graduates ooh these are very low-calorie
whoo I'm excited this is like pirate
booty boo they smell good now I get why
it's low-calorie it's nothing this
literally tastes like nothing
fuck that's not fair do babies not taste
buds wait no they do because that
chocolate milk was so fucking good and
sweet why would you give them this with
it you fucking tease
you fucking mom tease no that was awful
fuck you girl it'll baby mm-hmm fuck
that baby specially made for your child
okay yeah you obviously hate my fucking
child you're gonna give them this oh
it's
tells you when to feed your kids it says
your kid can handle this food if it's
crawling on its stomach begins to feed
itself with its fingers or begins to
mash food with its jaw all those things
sound like an animal that I'd want to
kill let's go that was featuring a baby
brother
you know as I do I'm sure to give this
your hip thumbs up avenues everything it
was a little group of babies tomorrow
Mike oh my god ha I just hope just wanna
accurate
