hey if you guys yes today I am very very
excited because I'm going to be eating
Oreos just you know little things that
make me want to wake up in the morning
love family friends no six flavors of
Oreos I'm awake
so I went to Target and I got all the
flavors I could find some of them I have
not tried I think I've only tried one of
these but it was a long time ago I was
very drunk sorry did I say drunk I meant
sober
did I say a long time ago I meant last
night I ate it right when I got home I
was going to pretend like I hadn't tried
it yet in this video I knew you guys
would know I was lying and then I tried
it five more times
let's get eat okay this one I feel like
I should save this one for then she's
gonna be the grand finale cinnamon roll
I mutant I'll see you later let's start
with something I've already tried before
last night I wasn't gonna pretend like I
didn't open to yet I was gonna be like
it's so hard to open it would be like Oh
what happened
target y'all have a mouse get into these
huh yeah y'all have a mice problem yeah
just to set some traps right right okay
these ones I mean I don't want to say
like it gives me life cuz I hate when
people say that but if you feel like
you're not solving God because they
created me they could end me too
this is the whole world this is the
universe I am just a tiny little speck
in this galaxy that we call Oreo and no
this is not hashtag spunks this is
hashtag science this plus me equals my
life wait that's not a sign of this man
hahaha stay in school or don't you can
end up like this oh my god oh man I
seven Oriole and I'm never gonna leave
because it Nick nizami yeah I've been on
musically would you much this is like a
cake it's like a second red velvet cake
I don't think I told you a flavor was in
rebel bitch and that's cream cheese
inside of it alright next cookie this
one I am NOT excited why would you do
this why mint nobody likes you Minj go
long mint is literally me in high school
gym class we were picking for dodgeball
go the fuck home
actually no you can stay we love a big
target all right here we go I'm not
excited at all I hate it look oh my god
I'm you love
hate it but the smell like wow that's
not even Britney Spears curious that's
Britney Spears what happened oh I don't
know why people like links I don't think
people do I think robots do because
anybody with emotions or tastebuds would
spit this shit out it's doing thin mints
go fuck yourself Girl Scouts nobody
wants that we want some moas we want
those Tagalongs you can take attendance
you can shove it up your fucking little
Girl Scout pussy and you can fucking run
back home be like mom guess what
some 27 year old man somebody shell
cookies up my pussy and the mom will be
like hello police officers and then I
would be like in jail but it would be
worth it oh my god it's like I just
brushed my teeth and nobody likes that
feeling any brushing my teeth I feel
like it's given it like it's given into
society standards of like what's
supposed to be clean you know what I
like to do let my teeth to get so
fucking dirty and when I run my tongue
against it it makes a sound like I like
my teeth to feel like ugh loot crocs I
like my teeth to be so fucking rough
that like summers like oh god I need to
cut my nails get full of it all right
there you're good
which by the way I just as I said that I
got the image in my head of being in a
nail salon am I having a little man lady
like and give me your fingers and then
she's a car I'll be everything next
cookie lemon next cookie no I'm Katie
we're gonna drive an actual piece of war
you came up I was like magic
okay here we go gonna give lemon a try
because I feel like I should feel like I
should be nice and light and say like
yeah women like you're not my type
not really into you but you know what
your package cute
you smell okay you have an easy open tab
which is very polite of you so I'm gonna
give you a taste
I'm trying to find my brain right now
because it just exploded cuz I think I
didn't hate this I had I get I have a
hot chicken speak I I don't have it why
don't I hate this it's not bad it's not
super lemony it's not like when you're a
baby and like your parents are like
let's put a lemon in his mouth and make
his face co-driver tell me looking at we
last it's like a little bit different
than that but it's still triggering I'm
not mad at this hey Oreo I don't hate
this like you give a fuck you never give
a fuck about me you never call me back
you never text me back you ghosted me
Oreo and that's fine but you know what
you always comes through you know who
always comes through and I'm looking for
big ships ahoy and that ship so who I
brings the chunks you wish you had the
chunks or yo you just got the cream
filling and I don't give a fuck buy the
cream filling I'm gonna bone that crunch
what are we talking about next cookie
okay so this isn't technically an Oreo
but I really wanted to try it this is
kind of like the you know cheap version
of Oreos it's called tasty and this is a
banana split which is not gonna be good
if that's what you guys like me and paid
oh fuck oh my god that smell is
conflicting me it's a polarizing scent
that is the pillow-talk of cookies some
people hate it
some people love it those people are
wrong all right here we go
ah oh my god no it's not the pillow-talk
it's just in love by Joe Jonas y'all
probably don't know what that is but
it's bad oh my god knows I'm Jeff Hill
uh y-you know not as hot hundred hit not
even a dot million hit this needs to be
thrown into the hole of iTunes where
Brooke Hogan lives and once in a while
you seen Ashley Simpson floating by this
is not good oh my god okay so the cookie
is chocolate and the other cookie I
think is peanut butter or ice cream and
then the center is banana which i think
is an actual fuckin smooshed banana this
is like something my grandma would have
made when she was high which I didn't
know by the way that she was high like
her entire life until after she died
when I found out that her medicine she
was taking was strong so this is for you
grams I mean this again fuck your grams
all right here we go I'm doing this
we're ending this on a hopefully a high
note
cinnamon bun Oreos we got the cinnamon
bun we got that cinnamon cookie we got
the cinnamon frosting Center oh my god
ha I just hold on just want accurate I
just need
oh my god I can taste just the little
nuances just a little sprinkle of nutmeg
sprinkles of cinnamon sprinkles up close
oh my god okay we're gonna do this we're
gonna do this hard by the way I know I'm
like hyper today or something I really
know what it is but I wasn't hyper
enough to take a shower or do my hair so
let's eat oh my god if I would have
found these when I was 18 I wouldn't
have lost the weight because I would
have been like who needs love
who needs body acceptance who needs a
help when you have this like this is
that good oh my god and I could just
open her up hold on take out the shower
fly around my mouth actually hold on
actually the cream is not good when you
eat it alone huh eating alone tastes
like Vaseline which by the way I eat
it's a nice little zero calorie snack
that was interesting
I'm gonna forget that I'm just gonna
remember how it tastes why I took that
first bite and first bite was amazing
it's an interesting day when I look over
to my left and I see about six boxes of
Oreos but when I took that test in high
school it was like what you should be
when you grow up
I got banker so don't believe the desk
all right guys go oh my god I'm done it
put watches that I just it just breezed
in Oreo ooh
literally giving me life giving me that
Oreo oxygen anyways I'm gonna go home
you guys enjoy back at the video thumbs
up and subscribe because I make new
videos every school day and leave me a
comment letting me know what you want me
to eat next and I will show you little
Oreos tomorrow oh my god if life gives
you lemons have a lemon party first of
all that looks like motherfucker from up
and by the way up was so boring I know I
really loved that movie I was so bored
if they were had a lemon
though I would watch all their
