hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news my name is destory
and I just spent over a hundred and nine
dollars on a medieval cloak that I
bought online that's either the coolest
thing I've ever heard or the latest they
can't decide which one this is what the
fuck news are we talking about the news
that makes you question what the hell is
wrong with people and a lot of you guys
will probably want me to talk about the
Superbowl that happened last week talk
about all these weird commercials and
shit like I did last year but weird and
up there wasn't a lot of weird stuff
that happened this year except for the
fact that Lady Gaga performed it looked
like a real-life blaziken from Pokemon
actually the first thing I want to talk
about today is the story about the guy
he dressed up like Batman and then
robbed several convenience stores
ah Batman what are you doing I know your
parents are dead but that's no way to
take out your anger it also what
happened to billions of dollars that you
have I guess Wayne Enterprises got hit
hard in the recession but in the video
The Dark Knight is holding up a clerk at
a dollar store in Orange County Florida
where he's wearing a backpack and
forcing the clerk to put money into it
who the fuck Rob's a dollar store like I
made an entire video about how much I
need dollars doors you should watch it
anyways though Batman has not yet been
caught by police and is probably still
out there now Robin breaking stuff I'll
be havin sex with Catwoman faster
I don't know obviously this isn't the
real Batman but I hope to god he at
least used the Batman voice while he was
robbing the store you know the low
growling hard to understand voice that
we all know and love so well but the
money in the bag what so what the money
in the bag dude I cannot understand you
what the Mormons yeah you want Armenian
sweaters what that's what the news Abed
was Restless last week after he threw an
alligator into a Wendy's drive-through
window and then drove off the dismayed
does this seem mild for Florida news I
mean seriously though the 23 year old
Joshua James of Palm Beach Florida
apparently picked up an alligator on the
side of the road put it in his truck
drove through the Wendy's drive-through
are apparently one of his friends worth
and threw it through the window
really some theories are forming as to
why he did it from the possibility of
drug use to his parents simply saying a
stupid prank that he did that's now
turning into this oh it was it was a
prank okay well if Sam pepper has taught
me anything it's okay to do something
dangerous or stupid as long as you call
it a prank and then make a half-assed
apology after you do it so where's the
apology man waiting on that apology dude
you definitely believe this was a prank
Oh 100% because he's a prankster you
know who else is called a prankster Loki
and look what he did to New York yes the
Avengers is 100% factual by the way my
personal theory on the story is that
maybe he was picking up the alligator as
his date and that he was getting the
Wendy's for the alligator I mean fuck
alligators are definitely more
attractive than most Florida girls
anyways oh but since the incident James
has been charged with aggravated assault
assault with a deadly weapon as well as
unlawful possession and transportation
of an alligator which I had no idea was
a real charge you could charge someone
with Intel just now and also assault
with a deadly weapon
a deadly how is it alligator considered
a deadly weapon dude if anything Wendy's
food is more of a danger than a fucking
alligator
anyways James apparently bailed himself
out of jail and is still awaiting trial
last ones of our booze is Michigan all
of you guys might know about the whole
crisis in Flint Michigan right now where
the drinking water is literally
considered toxic and has actually killed
a few people who drank it there well
because this isn't a serious news show
instead Michigan has been in the news
lately after passing a law that makes it
illegal to have anal or oral sex there
I'm sorry once people of the Michigan
government have you ever had oral sex
because it's great generally say about
anal but still the fact that this law
even passed just proves me that there is
someone or multiple people in the
Michigan government who have never
gotten oral sex it's no way to live man
but actually when I started thinking be
pros and cause this law so I did think
maybe this law could actually do some
good you know seeing as how the
government of Michigan has literally
fucked the residents of Flint in the
asshole for not providing them clean
drinking water this is now a legal
Avenue that the residents of Flint could
actually charge the government with yay
seriously though consensual anal sex
punishable by 15 years in jail knowingly
poisoning your citizens no punishment
and also how are people gonna know that
you're having oral sex like is it cops
come over to your house and like watch
you have sex and be like no no no you
keep that mouth about the belt ma'am
ma'am I swear to god sir don't you put
your dongle in her pooper hey hey oh oh
my god damn gonna need some backup
there's a lot of that going on anyways
though this has been what the fuck news
you guys thought I was lying about the
club didn't you my question of the day
for you guys is what would you make it
legal if you could I'd probably band
idiots
sorry Trump you're not allowed but let
me know in the comments down below all
in today's stories as always with the
description down below as well as all of
my links oh so before you guys go make
sure to check out my newest videos on my
channel I posted two this week so if you
guys want to go check those out they
will be here in the annotations or you
can go to youtube.com slash Captain
Estes dealies I kind of feel like a
wizard in this thing but I don't think
that actually works I don't think you
checked out my channel at all I don't
see you next time for another one the
Buccaneers thanks for watching and bear
with
