hey oats if you guys really quick before
today's video I just wanna let you know
that there is a brand new psychic twins
video up right now on their channel
where they give a future reading to
Trisha Paytas so check it out I'll put
the link down there make sure to
subscribe and I will see you guys in a
second hey guys yes today I'm going to
be googling something once again I
should not be googling and today you
guys wanted me to Google lemonparty now
listen I have heard that term before
mainly when I was like 12 a lot of kids
we talk about in school I think I know
what it is but I don't know exactly if I
know what it is everybody says that the
old people fucking but honestly what's
so gross about that think about me
fucking that's grosser and more sour
honestly and it doesn't get sweet okay
I'm not a Sour Patch Kid I got a fucking
lemon here hey okay so pull up Google
and let's do this together lemon party
that sounds like something cashew a
colleague for to work come on and I
lemon party guys and then you're the
audience and she's just pissing on you
that's all you get pissed okay lemon
party whoo there's a website lemon party
got work what is that okay um okay I'm
not gonna show the picture actually yes
I am I'll censor it it's what I picture
all the mall Santas do an after-hours
like after they have all those kids on
their laps and they're like all wired up
by the way his dick looks like mine
that's my dick also I love the purple
big hands that's so sweet
that also kind of looks like my body is
that me wait if you click the image
against you another one oh my god what
that's just mmm what he is squirting
paint out of its ass and it's making
like a really pretty painting oh no mom
is just painting the old man eating each
other's dicks again oh damn it I thought
he was in order
actually he is kind of an artist if my
ask a do shit like that oh my ass
doesn't just go just a big frowning ass
okay let's go to Google Images oh my god
if life gives you lemons
a lemon party first of all that looks
like the motherfucker from up and by the
way up was so boring I know I really
loved that movie I was so bored if they
were had a lemon party in it though I
would watch the whole thing actually no
I never mind yeah that little kid in
there and if you start throwing around
11 parties at him and that's just a hold
of the movie oh why does everybody died
in a Pixar movie
why is everybody dead that's a whole
nother ramp blue lemon cupcakes ooh
that's fun if I click on that picture
and it just churches you to Ole Miss I
can show those dicks that's gonna ruin
cupcakes for me actually know it well I
don't think anything good growing
cupcakes for me I could literally click
on a picture of a cupcake and it can
turn into my mom's like Oh big gaping
asshole and I'd be like ah the frosting
tastes like I hope they're sprinkled
okay let's go to youtube and type in
lemon party and see if anything pops up
maybe there's a video oh man such people
reacting to lemon party that's boring
who would watch that oh shit
I guess I'm a part of that now ooh this
one looks good such a kids oh no first
of all they both have my hair or 2008 oh
my god this is uploaded 2008 me oh no
girl oh no let's wait for their eyes
what is happening is there an actual
video of this hammock on that there are
too happy about this
oh there that is that just ruined dick
from them front lights they're gonna
fuck each other well the one with the
laugh if it'll do into it she's like
that's what grandpa looks like the one
on the right good thing he has all that
hair to cover eyes wait does a woman
high ever tone ring bitches ten yeah she
got a tongue ring any mohair you know
the bitch and I was like three kids she
said no don't you know on the inside
she's like yes do I see you girl listen
at least let's search it on Twitter
maybe they'll be like a lemon party
invitation we can go to oh my god
somebody said they should do with kids
react a lemon party that will be
everything kids react to lemon party a
little girl what are you gonna want
today it's a surprise thumbs up icon set
up the Instagram I hope somebody tagged
my grandma why would these two girls tag
a picture with lemon party bit obviously
have no idea what that means
and I love that look at this girl just
standing by her pool and her prom dress
hashtag lemon party hashtag my birthday
oh my god she gave me for a big surprise
when her birthday kit does an old dick
on it alright I think I'm done with the
lemon party until I thrown about by yes
believe me cough it telling me what else
I should Google I think it is gonna
thumbs up its job cuz I make another
party every single every day and I will
see you little lemons tomorrow bye party
okay so now we're gonna put those in the
freezer for 15 minutes and then it's
supposed to turn into candy and not
blood soup which honestly doesn't sound
like that let's soup you could eat it
with a bone
oh you can get some pieces of skin for
dipping I'm a cannibal
