hey you guys okay I am very excited
today which is very embarrassing because
today we're gonna be making gummy bears
I've never made one before this is the
stupidest video of all time so get ready
I have seen this gummy bear maker
everywhere I have seen a lot of people
do videos with it I've seen it at a lot
of different Walmart's and I was like
you know what it's time I've waited my
whole life for this moment it's so
complicated to go to the candy store
find the gummies you like find the
flavors you want why don't I just get a
big-ass machine it's fucking make that
shit myself wait forever for them to
harden and then try to explain to my
friends and family why the fuck I have
this let's get started
so I didn't want to just do normal gummy
bears I want to do something a little
bit different so today I'm going to be
making pizza flavoured does everybody
loves pizza who doesn't want to chew on
pizza for like 30 minutes before it
dissolves I know I do so here's how it
works
they give you this little fucking bowl
and then you got to mix gelatin together
with water put in the microwave and then
I guess you just put it into like the
fucking container and then it happens
this is very artificial insemination and
I'm all about that life so I got cherry
flavored gelatin I feel like you know
what Pizza has cherry flavor in it
that's life I mean if you're high as
fuck maybe but honestly if you're sober
why do you have a gummy bear kit you
know what I mean you have to be up
grunts for that oh that smells so good
now I heard a rumor and by rumor I mean
it's not a reverse science that gelatin
is like crushed-up bones so let's do it
okay so you take this and now we just
mix it with a cup of water and it makes
actual blood by god oh if you want to be
reminded of where gelatin comes from
just mix it with water and it looks like
dead people
all right Mixy Mixy oh no oh
oh this is triggering okay so after you
mix it up I guess we put in the
microwave for a couple minutes and then
it turns into like hot blood I don't
know
Oh God look at that just goopy goopy
this reminds me of the one time
accidentally went to the bathroom in the
girls bathroom girls why don't you flush
your blood it's it like when guys don't
flush their pee they're like oh it's
yellow let it Mellow if it's blood let
it flood no bitch flush it nobody wants
to see your dead babies who actually I
can send me pics hashtag get babies okay
so we're just gonna put this in the
microwave see what happens so I don't
know which one to do I have two options
I have my little gummy bears and then I
have my sad oh my god this is my life
right now huge gummy bear or maybe I'll
be bald
yeah yeah that's my life while that's
heating up go and check your emails or
your notifications no nothing sit wait
all right let's see it worked
Oh God oh god okay okay I don't know
cooking okay so I guess now is the
Tamara we need to add the pizza sauce
this is such a bad idea okay I don't
know much about science or what if it's
like chemically reacts can clothes react
you make me see you out of my man
anybody know okay let's mix that it oh
okay yeah this is gonna go great all
right all this mix that together oh you
think I think it like work okay so now
you just start pouring them in okay so
you just pour it in the little bears ah
oh my god is it so fun oh fuck okay oh
okay okay so those are done let's try to
focus do the big bear - right Big Daddy
bear Oh
oh god the smell oh this is gonna taste
great okay so now we're gonna put those
in the freezer for 15 minutes and then
it's supposed to turn into candy and not
blood soup which honestly doesn't sound
like them blood soup you could eat it
with a bone oh you can get to these as a
skin for dipping I'm a cannibal okay
y'all I'm changed because it has been a
long as
these gum bears did not want to come
together so I'm wearing my nighttime
shirt even though it's technically
daytime and I'm ready to try some
motherfuckin gum beers okay so let's try
the small ones first yeah just like the
picture Oh No okay I mean they smell
like pizza now good pizza like chucky
cheese pizza okay see if they pop out oh
my god I'm so nervous huh oh my god yeah
I don't know what my voice is turned
into I'm so excited
look at the little girl oh my god you
look at his back though he's working
with some bacne
okay oh my god I'm nervous okay here we
go our first pizza gummy bear probably
ever in the whole world
oh why you miss me I was so excited
about you oh my god oh my god hahaha any
therapy I need to talk about this I need
to relive this moment I need to take it
back that was wrong that was wrong on
everything not tasted like haha that
tasted like Chuckie Cheese himself just
came in a bowl and then froze it and it
had been frozen for years I never like
Oh Chucky you don't you want kid and
he's like I'm too old for kids and then
like one way you froze Oh calm and he's
like that's right maybe I could make
little Chubby's so then Chuckie Cheese
got together with the scientists and
then they mix it together and then they
brought it back to life and then they
put it in my mouth and I hate it I hate
it it so hard oh I just remember got a
big old baby to drive max oh my god oh
no first of all I don't know if this is
actually gonna work okay hold on let's
see oh my god okay this is not working
I just scoop them out oh oh no here let
me get a plate all right can you see
this give birth this is how they do it
in the hospital right slam the bomb up
against the table try to pop it out
oh no parts head came off that's okay we
love him anyways yeah
it looks just like the picture Oh Mae
got me bears they're the best well that
was a fail but honestly I'm just really
proud of myself for helping Chucky give
birth I think having children is the
best thing you can do in this life you
know I feel like bringing something into
this world this terrible awful
cold-hearted world making me grow up
think that it could be something someday
it could be the president someday when
in reality you know what is gonna be is
gonna be you to her covered in gummies
what's the biggest lie make sure to
subscribe
no this is actually really funny though
didn't really work out I was gonna make
ranch-flavored ones if you want me to do
that let me know the other comments
maybe I won't cuz this sucks ass but I
think there's another machine I can get
that might actually fucking work but
whatever I try that's all that matters
right
mom dad anybody at you guys hope you
have fun Govan let me add some gum in
with you I'm never going to use that
term again because that sounds gross
using a thumbs up and subscribe and any
new gummies let me skip it and I'll see
you little gums tomorrow yeah alright so
a little bit of taco that's too much and
also just to get that real Taco Bell
flavor I'm going to take some mild
packets don't even fuck with me if you
eat hot or fire it's all about mild
hashtag team mild bitch
