hey what's up guys my name is destory
and welcome back to you WTF 5 so dating
nowadays is a lot different than what it
used to be so once was a time before
phones and messaging apps and texting
we're literally the only way to ask
someone on a date was to physically ask
them in person oh god that sounds
exhausting it was it was exhausting I
mean look at me I wasn't nearly 18 years
of my life without getting a single date
that's how hard it was now it is of all
the dating apps and ways to slide into
someone's DMS it's easier than ever to
find someone to slob on your nob like
corn on the cob trying to stay hip with
all the terms you kids are using
nowadays but just upload a picture put
in your name age and location a few
facts about yourself and within minutes
your inbox is flooded with people that
you match with and within hours your
inbox is flooded with people that you've
add with
within days your inbox that's it for
today's video we count down the top 5
hilarious dates as a result of tinder
number one Phil Stevenson so it seems
like having a horrible tinder date isn't
really new to anyone in fact there's an
entire section of YouTube dedicated his
story's all 100% about awful tinder
dates actually question of the day what
does the worst date you've ever been on
I might make another video just based on
you guys the story it's funny ways onto
Phil Stevenson good old Phil so Phil
matches up with this chick on tinder did
she have a name of course she had a name
but did Phil care
no Phil use for the to meet up and after
talking a little bit the girl offers to
bring Phil on a vacation that she
actually intended to bring her family on
before they backed out so Phil and
greets you know Phil's got nothing going
on besides looking like a youtuber and
having perfect eyebrows so sure why not
just met this girl five minutes ago who
cares that's part of the fun so Jim
packed up and had the turkey for some
good reason what's there I don't know
well reserved gue moose the amazing
Turkish soap opera yes amazing show
massive GU moose fan here oh yeah it
also for that turns out as soon as the
two reached their destination in Turkey
the Turkish Armed Forces was in the
process of trying to overthrow the
government wow talk about a great date
am i right I've never tried to get laid
when there's a massive grenade fight
going on outside it's not easy not
impossible but definitely not easy but
for now why of all the places you could
go did they choose Turkey and why did
she invite a guy that she knew for
literally five minutes what if bill was
a weirdo what if he liked to collect
women's nostrils it's possible you know
just a Jarrah nostrils that he stumbles
with haha
luckily Phil wasn't a weirdo but also
wasn't the nicest date the woman could
have asked for as he spent the entire
trip ignoring her and enjoying his free
vacation god damn it bill you son of a
according to Phil the woman also
attempted several times to hit on him
even going so far as to push their
single beds together but Phil was having
none of them back away
Shiina oh he said you cannot touch me
with your
and even went on to joke with his
friends say but the explosions and
gunfire was scary it's not Isis or
terrorists I'm scared of its her fell
you did it again film he is a huge dick
number two the dog thief where were you
going on a date you usually have a few
expectations as to how that dates gonna
go seeing a movie getting to know
someone maybe snagging a little ass
everybody likes a little ass in their
life well unfortunately for a woman in
Leonean New Jersey her expectations fell
a little bit short but instead of having
a cool date instead stole her laptop and
Amazon package and her family's dog and
did not show her a movie get to know her
or give her any ass what the woman
matched up with a guy on tinder at the
time that she wanted to meet him was
actually house-sitting for some family
friends so instead of waiting which is
what normal people would probably do she
decides to invite the guy over that
she's never met to her friend's house
for a little bit of unknowingly B guy
also invited his friend along who I
guess was just hanging out or whatever
don't know if you've ever been the third
wheel before but I have I've been the
ninth wheel before it's not fun
everyone's make it out you're like hey
how's it going you guys good you want
some snacks oh man oh god why is your
hand wet why does this room smell like
regret but after what seemed like a
decent date except for you know having
another person there while you're trying
to have a good time with someone the two
guys left the woman soon realized that a
package her laptop and the family who
owned the houses pet dog Maggie were
completely going out a little bit gone
completely the woman soon called the
police and the police finally caught up
with the two guys but did not manage to
find the dog they did however find out
that the two had intended to steal
something beyond the girls virginity Who
am I kidding no one on tenders a virgin
number three Liam Schmitt kids questions
I be ready to poop when you're on a date
because I don't know about you but for
me that happens every single time every
single time you find a quarter for every
time I had to poop when I was on a date
I could build Trump's wall we wouldn't
even need the Mexicans to pay for it I
could do it with my poop money this is
now officially my name if I was to ever
become a bubble wrapper poop money
I make my mom proud anyways as you
probably gonna guess before I started
talking about coop money
yes this next story has to do with poo
poo we all do it unfortunately sometimes
their bodies decide hey guess what
you're on a date I don't care time to go
well this is that thing happened to a
woman who went on a date with Liam Smith
after matching up on tinder but it
doesn't end there in fact it gets a lot
worse the poor kindly woman got up
Andrew date with Liam as they were
watching a documentary at his house to
drop a load in his toilet but you didn't
count on after she had done the brown
deed was that his toilet did not flush
at all Oh God instead called me say hey
uh your toilet doesn't flush she thought
that the better option was to wrap her
poop in toilet paper and throw it out
the window okay girl gets points for
ingenuity I like it after leaving the
bathroom she tells Liam the entire story
saying quote for a pill in your toilet
and it would not flush I don't know why
it did this but I wanna apologize to the
entire country of Britain that was awful
Liam thought this was just hilarious
until he realized that his window
actually has two panes of glass the
inner pane of glass which opens from the
top and the outer one which doesn't open
at all so she basically threw her poo it
between two panes of glass Oh God how
unfortunate can your date be like I
thought mine were bad because I make
excuses to leave when a girl says she
doesn't like star wars true story by the
way but holy SH - Liam's date feeling
incredibly bad it likes to climb in
between the two windows to retrieve the
trouser treasure and throw it in the
trash but to make the whole story even
better she apparently got stuck in
between the two windows and had to have
the fire department get her out ah ok
I'm usually a pretty optimistic guy but
there's no positive part about that
story no silver lining like oh hey at
least I had some dope spaghetti no I do
think though that if one positive thing
was to come out of this it's that if
they ever go on a second date there's no
way it could be any worse than the first
one
today you ever feel like man this date
is bad just remember you could be this
girl who literally got stuck trying to
get her own poo out of her tinder dudes
window number four so these next few
stories don't really single out one
specific story but instead are just
quick stories that people have shared
and collected on the site thought
catalog guy invited me on a date to a
bar to watch a band play and get her
drink or two I show up and wait around
for a good 20 minutes turns out it was
his band that
playing and invited three other girls on
dates is the only way you could get a
crowd for his bitch no one wants to
watch my band do covers of Coldplay how
do I do match with an insanely hot guy
told me he was a virgin but I figured
I'd let it slide go to his place and he
was super handsy and sucked at kissing
oh no I decided it was over and I told
him I had to leave hugs me at the door
and said I love you I mean I love your
body
I got out of there so fast that I left
my favorite cardigan I have no desire to
get it back I like The Bachelor she's
concerned when my cardigan but come on
give this guy a break
he's a purchase he's never seen or
touched a baguette in his life this next
one is just finding my mom on there Oh
God
yeah not a match DNA maybe but not for
JD hey you've already been in there once
right I'm so sorry
I once got stood up twice in one night
with the first girl we actually planned
out a date a few days in advance I get
to the place and texted her she texted
me 20 minutes later and said that she
had met up with a friend beforehand and
was running late she never showed up
I started tindering again at the bar
matched with someone told her about my
situation and asked what she was up to
she said that she was also at a bar by
herself and told me that it sucked that
my date didn't show up I asked her if I
could join and she gave me an
enthusiastic shouting sure she wasn't
there when I showed up the first date
later said that she showed up late after
I had already left and wanted to
reschedule I wasn't feeling it anymore
so I got off tinder after that one that
is rough man
that's like my 16th birthday invited my
whole school to come guess who showed up
my mom yeah she said she was voting for
Ben Carson she called her father daddy
she made me sit through an entire Joe
Jonas song that or when I showed up to
the bar she started talking about all
her exes and then she ended up making
out with one dude and went home with
another this all happened within 20
minutes oh god it's good yeah that's
when you just uninstall tinder unless I
got any matches
yeah no no okay wait I got one new
matches get tinder gold
six months 883 a month well this won't
be the first time that I pay for love
sign me up
finally number five is Skippy Jessa yep
this is a man's name boo and God's green
earth would name their child Skippy I
don't know but Sammy makes it on this
list as the perfect example of what I
meant when I said that finding dates
before tinder was extremely difficult
but I before my tactic of getting
someone to like me by sending me me
their Twitter inbox was around so back
in 2006 a real man named Skippy ended up
getting a date with a woman that you had
to church with through a friend of its
problem is Skippy is extremely awkward
I mean Sam though and he's also a 24
year old virgin I mean same though
so Skippy decides to make a video diary
of his experiences trying to find love
let's watch so the whole reason I'm
going out tonight is there is this girl
named Rachel and I'm going to ask her
out tonight there's a cher concert
you'll found the passage of strength to
all the times get me a cher concert
followed me hi are you are you sure it's
okay like yeah okay oh god yeah this is
pretty much how all of my dates go it's
extra close to home for me you're sure
you want to do this no oh you are you're
100% sure well after Skippy and his hot
date go to the sexiest place you can
imagine baskin-robbins
to get a hot sticky load of ice cream
Skippy gets to know Rachel by asking
deep and thoughtful questions like the
kiss boys
you like kissing books I do sorry that
is a random comment on my part I'm sorry
oh oh give me you cut me to my core the
robots like kind of heaven what hold on
gang
Skippy's got more up his sleeve after
parking with this girl on a hill that
more than likely has had several murders
of young women happen on it Skippy
decides to get right to the point I've
got something for you I'm not sure if
you can see this but these are little
toy boats let's call this a friendship
we've been you know like sailing these
little friendships you know for a while
and stuff like that like a year right
when you say but there's another boat
that's in the harbor you ready for this
huh this boat is called a relationship
you see that I think there's a way to go
from a friendship to a relationship
Skippy know why Skippy no get a Skippy
she had to have said yes right what sane
woman would say no - Skippy in his toy
boat said he brought specifically for
that metaphor I just I'll let you know
right now I think Rachel yup
you had one job Rachel Getting Rachel
man okay guys to me just for a second
realize that Rachel probably didn't go
to the cher concert with its share guys
share like look at this rejection phase
that is the face of utter defeat awkward
Oh God turn it off I can't I can't shed
more tears for Skippy but you know this
was 12 years ago so surely Skippy has
made some improvements and actually
gotten some D and V over these last 12
years
nope now 35 years old Skippy is still a
virgin even appearing on the TLC show
the Virgin Diaries Rhea lives at home
with his mom has his mom come with him
to failed dates and has a jar of
bellybutton lint in his room
room here's my poster of the Osmonds and
over here is my belly button lint
collection oh oh oh God skip you know
hey I don't know if you know this but
belly button lint quickest way to get
laid no joke also passed the time Skippy
now sells t-shirts about his horrible
sex life so hey I guess if you can't get
laid might as well sell some t-shirts
about how much you can't get laid right
you know what I'm gonna watch this video
every single day until I die
not because I enjoy it but because if I
ever feel bad about my game with women
I'll remember Skippy and feel instantly
better and you should too so that is it
for this episode of WTF 5 hopefully you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give this video a like and also
subscribe to this channel if you'd like
to leave any suggestions for future
videos that you want me to talk about
make sure to leave those in the comments
down below and I'll check those out I'm
also doing a shirt campaign right now so
if you want to check out any of the cap
destice merch you can find that link
right here or you can check it out in
the description down below also if you'd
like to check out my personal channel
you can do that at youtube.com slash
cotton best US where I upload a lot of
weird adventure vlog stuff and I'm
trying to do more WTF news over there so
make sure to check out my channel and
subscribe if you want to that's up guys
I will see you next time for another WTF
5 thanks for watching and Fairwinds
