hey what's up are you Hollow Queens boo
to Tyler Perry's boo to Ahmadiyya
Halloween okay it's Halloween so I was
thinking we should do something smooth
candy oh my god I wish for this video
let's let your duty matter okay so I
have heard that there are cursed videos
on YouTube where if you watch them you
will die okay first off yeah I mean I
feel like I'll actually be a little
scared when I go home I hope they're fun
though I mean what's it gonna be like
videos of us I honestly just hope it's
every rickey dillion music video ever
here we go we just type in cursed video
we I feel like they need to like
Halloween up the joint yeah pretend this
is red we're fucking oh my god this is
the type of person you want to date
because you can project everything on to
them not bad body did you make this
Queen yes I have an Etsy oh my god wait
should we put the bitch sweater on it
yeah oh yeah oh my god that's kind of
fun I like that a lot I love her squad
Oh get it on my face you know the thing
about this shirt because my mom wears
this sometimes and she gets mad at you
hug her bitch cuz you go hey bitch she
does not just the shirt this is called
the cuddle buddy cuz I like it you can
take it home ooh I just noticed the
hands yeah I am disgusting this first
cursed video is called Sadako nothing
scarier than static true is this like a
don't make fun of it or you die harder
that's my video
I forgot how much this video scares me
like I won't even watch this movie
because absolutely I'm facing my fears
right now she's just brushing her hair
my sister does that I've seen that
before
by the beach there's something scary
about an empty forest that's true
because what's gonna go down
oh my god this is one 2005 the original
YouTube video wow that's scary
Wow okay I don't think that anything
about it's gonna happen under this
although a lot of the comments say that
their phone loss service
this one says Drew and Shane will watch
this in five years and kill each other
okay well I feel like we conquered that
one sorry nice one
yes yeah there's kind of like oh this
one just says cursed video wait wait
what if I type in bella thorns scary ooh
why everyone hates bella thorne let's
just give it 30 seconds and see if we
hate her I like her so hard she should
have done that no I can't
your nominees for toys are figuring out
backstage be prepared be prepared Boy
Scouts that was kind of shady I've never
done a video like how you open your ass
oh wait that your oh my god wait your
video recreating Bella Thorne's
Instagram let's just do it here I have
two options Bella Thorne when she went
crazy or but I let the one which went
crazy um I'll take crazier I think you
should recreate this specific moment oh
my god Hannah you look great I'm gonna
need you to shut the fuck up back to
Chris videos sweet the next one just
says real curse video not fake tell me
what
Pennywise dancing to so this one's
making me feel weird
it only has 200 views and started
something new
what's that it was something about this
is weirding me out is it okay can I say
why that weirded me out why that
reminded me of like something like kind
of funny like a weird stuffed animal but
if you didn't put it there and like some
weirdo came in your house and left it
there I feel like you would leave a
stuffed animal in my house Pennywise
dancing oh my god we danced to Danielle
Brooke Olli what are your thoughts on
her never was a fan of the country
outside video but I haven't really
explored her other content I guess I'm a
Mormon og viewer we are killing her
costume if you get an Isis like you go
ask my eyelash oh my god oh my god
Pennywise get behind it
anyways dancing to slop my knobs slob on
my knob icon in the cop let's just type
in like scariest video of all time we're
typing bird killing itself just to see
okay oh my god we burnt fucking Pistons
literally called bird fucking kills it's
all too quick one what's the scariest
thing ever oh I had one have you seen
the vine of the girl throwing the turtle
into the water really it didn't die it's
right okay she thinks she's saving it
but it's a tortoise and I guess
tortoises don't swim okay so here's a
little note to self if anyone runs into
a turtle save it
don't just leave it on the road turtle
saving is a hobby actually I mmm you
survived them oh my god wait sorry this
isn't scary but it is if you've ever
been heavy and have fallen high into
water this one actually is really scary
to me cos like I can feel it what
happens
to the little fox who laughs that could
be you everybody in the whole country
laughing what it is so fucking me oh
fuck
have you ever seen the videos of me
dancing to people crying I wonder if
there's ones of you too my favorite one
is me dancing at Animoto apologizing for
the n-word what I would dream like the
audio doesn't match we I wonder if
there's a drew one interesting get on
that oh oh wait let me pull up the video
crying my life you know
grand finale and I don't lie comes up to
me I don't want it to be a thing and I
don't know
I did not remember saying mmm I'm trying
to think with what actually scares me
car crashes I think you get off on those
but okay
car crash moment on tape
Shane Nelson dancing - car crash dead
people in your video nobody died in that
chat I just looked it up yeah like
what's something that like keeps you up
at night I can't think of anything that
really scares me watching people get
punched in the head yeah well not sad
but like intensely punched in the face
without knowing it's coming is that a
huge fear of mine oh yeah if you're
feeling angry don't come to my books I
hate you I'm just gonna tie punched in
the face who punched in the neck
wait what this one's only 216 seconds
but she's like if it is to be remixed oh
there's probably a remix there's not a
remix of that one but there is girl gets
hit by Apple remix
let's watch one more actually scary
video composedly this one is actually
cursed and it will haunt you for the
rest of your life
it looks like my camera when I put tape
over it so no one wanted me master
I hate it no we didn't watch the whole
thing we didn't watch the whole thing
honey pop in at 26 seconds and it
doesn't count that one actually made me
feel really weird it was a sound editing
good job yeah good job guys
all right guys go that was us watching
haunted scary cursed videos and videos
of people getting punched in the head
if you go over injures channel you see a
video of us reacting to his true
mountain okay college news people
editing me into things that I didn't
want to be in go over there check it out
subscribe also make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you want more
creepy videos with me Andrew it's me
go follow Bella's snaps they're killing
it but you guys we will see you next
time in your
