handsome guys too because my last DIY
gos lip-balm hack went so well I feel so
smooth yes I decided of course let's do
another one I wanted to do something a
little bit different something I haven't
seen anybody do yet so I'm going to do
an EOS Taco Bell version this is non
hashtag sponsz it's just hashtag why the
fuck would Shane think of that is he
okay
should we call hell haha I'm fine you
can stop texting me Mom I'm not a danger
to myself anymore let's get started so
here's my plan what plan is I am going
to take this and D it out and mix
together chapstick and taco seasoning
and destroy my mouth which is usually my
plan on a Friday night anyway okay so I
watched a bunch of tutorials on how to
actually do this his last time I was
just kind of guessing um and yet last
time I fucked it up a lot but we're not
going to do that this time I'm a fucking
professional first we're going to take
this little thing and we are going to
hop it out okay I'm scared how do I do
this
oh I'll use this yeah oh my god I almost
just shot my finger up oh my god new new
hacks were so dangerous all right you
know it's make it easier I'm gonna stop
stepping up to make it easier I'm gonna
scoop out the innards I'm in traffic
okay so I just scooped her out once
again I need to stop calling things her
and now I'm just going to break her open
come on baby oh I saw videos of 10 year
olds doing this why are 10 year olds so
much better than day I'm gonna try to
use this little nail and maybe I can get
in here and pop her open come on oh my
god I'm fucking in come on out shit I
was so close oh I mean okay open up in
our space where I think I can get it
yeah oh my god I've never been fuck
excited by luck ah yeah ah fuck you okay
we're fucking there bitch we're doing it
okay so the next step is you take a
microwaveable faithful which I still
don't know if this is and then you put
chap sticks into it and you melt it this
honestly to me is really depressing
because chapstick is one of my favorite
things in the world and the thought of
buying it and then destroying it makes
me really sad it's like adopting a child
and I couldn't get slot head off yeah
it's exactly like that okay so have to
untwist all of it look at that oh my god
Tremont's with my dog I miss my dog and
then you just know aren't there you got
your little chopsticks in your little
ball and now we're going to melt it and
pray to God that well I don't start a
fire okay guys by the way welcome to my
closet I keep all my shirts right next
to the microwave huh that YouTube money
all right it's been in there for 30
seconds we'll see what happens Oh God
why do I always forget oh good thing I
had my shirts here okay it is not
nothing at all this is going great
yeah it's doing something oh my god it
works oh okay it really works how do you
know if you overcooked chapstick a
question I never thought I'd ever ask
all right so here is how it burns okay
ow ha oh God have a bitch all right next
step it's got to fix your bird okay now
that my finger has a third-degree burn
we're ready to move on so we're going to
take our bowl of rock and we're watching
mixed in some taco seasoning oh why do I
feel like this is not going to work Oh
cuz it's not alright so a little bit of
taco that's too much and also just to
get that real Taco Bell flavor I'm gonna
take some mild packets don't even fuck
with me if you eat hot or fire it's all
about mild hashtag team mild bitch
alright a little bit of that
mix it all together oh my god nerdy
nummies she would never
this would make her kill herself be good
down the world okay I mean honestly it
smells good here can you see this I mean
look at that but you want to put that on
your lips Oh
so the fucking junkie oh my god okay
alright so now that we have our Taco
Bell chapstick mix together we're going
to pour it back into our little thing ow
oh my god everything about this is wrong
you okay oh my god you oh shit oh this
is there's no way this is gonna work
like no way at all mmm I can't wait put
this on my face
it obviously smells good though I'm
excited all right so we're gonna freeze
this for 15 minutes and then five a
fucking note let's do it all right so it
has been 15 minutes
I have Penn Hill chapstick here I'm so
nervous cuz you know I really did try
hard last time it was a failure I feel
like it's gonna be failure again and I
don't want this to set me into a
depression
let's see if I have happiness oh my god
I'm so scared oh my god okay okay okay
we're doing this ready
ah um I mean I write it works right mmm
I mean Claire's wouldn't sell it but
Shane would it's mostly Taco Bell it's
round I mean it looks like somebody
actually shove this in their ass a
little too far and pulled it out but it
kind of work I'm gonna go with this is a
success
okay now let's try to put it on our lips
okay all right well nervous let's zoom
in for this okay here we go oh my god oh
my gosh is hot oh you know what makes my
teeth look wider
that's a plus I don't hate this I mean
no it's awful obviously but it's kind of
like I just went ham and cheese in a
Taco Bell and I still have it on my lips
and I'm like ooh remember that crunch
wrap remember those natural Brown days
remember those cinnamon twists like it's
a nice little memory but if somebody saw
me actually looking like this they would
think I was fucking crazy so I should
probably take it off I'm not mad at the
color either you like thaws a model or
something like this would be like cool
yeah this is giving me like Tim Burton
vibes oh it was ten years ago I would
walk into a hot topic and owned up place
alright I am looking for this wet I
can't take this shit off I don't know
what was burp smell and what was
chapstick smell that's fun
where you guys go this literally looks
like it is wet my ass I don't know I
might be done with his EOS hacks because
honestly they're all the same event
they're all fucking gross nobody would
ever use them I don't know why little
girls keep doing these just by chapstick
bitch go to Claire's they got cupcake
they got waffle flavor it probably got
ranch you don't need to make your own
that being said if you want more leave a
comment I'll probably do more all right
you guys hope you have fun shopping with
me I fun chat with you make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
okay and I'll see you little chapped
lips tomorrow bye yeah
honestly it's already better can you
imagine if you came you're like a
meet-and-greet of mine and you walk up
their life oh hey do you want a selfie
oh you want to get on her cheek okay
