hey what's up guys really quick before
the video starts today I just want to
let you know that there is a brand new
video up on the psychic twins channel
where they give a psychic reading to
andrew reset so go check it out we'll
put the link down there um and they also
give readings to a lot of youtubers Joey
Trish Lisa so go check that out
subscribe and enjoy the video
hey if you guys yes okay I'm gonna start
with the obvious I have a beard
situation I'm sorry
I know you probably hate it but I wanted
to try it out this week not for videos
just for like my real life um you know
it would be nice to go to a store not
get called ma'am once so don't worry
next week I'll shave said every
girlfriend I've ever had
and if girls lie let's get eaten so
today I'm really nervous because we are
going to be eating kid cuisine which
I've never ever had in my life I know
people price surprises I go Shane
where's your white-trash hobby never I
kick was he I was white trash but this
is like a level of white trash
I think only 5% of the population get to
this is like getting toenails for
Christmas this is like walking into
mommy and daddy having sex and then they
say Kwan join like it's real trash think
trash okay so I'm really nervous I don't
know which one to start with
they all look awful I'm just gonna close
my eyes and grab one I'm going to start
with oh no all right I'm being super
real right now oh this one already
opened because last night you know about
midnight I got a little depressed a
little lonely you know swipe it on
tinder not seeing much connected with
somebody I'm bumble and then they
disconnected and I saw that this had a
brownie and it's hot ate it but I didn't
try the rest okay so this is magical
cheese pizza honestly the magical part
is that I didn't wake up with diarrhea
and an upset stomach from never I mean
so we ready killing it on the magic Oh
No wait what what is that that's a pizza
oh my god I've been watching skin-tight
have you seen that show where they like
take all the fat people and they lose
weight and then they cut off all their
extra skin skin tight sir would you like
to see the boob skin we removed here it
is why do they do that
I don't want to see that when I had my
boob skin removed he showed it to me my
mom and my mom passed out I think she
was just shocked because it was so much
bigger than hers
all right here we go try this out it has
no smell Oh like zero smell this is is
interesting okay here we go Oh mmm thank
you God for this boobs good real healthy
did I go running before you cut it off
it got suertes aah oh my god
oh I never want to eat skin tight again
I would honestly rather eat I am jazz
yes chicken nuggets thank fuck
these are called the all-star chicken
nuggets hey now you're an all star get
your nuggets cuz mom can't cook hey now
you're a rock star if you eat this
you'll be obese and you grow and never
stop talking about how you used to be
fat seriously you won't oh my god hold
up what is I don't think it see that but
there's like some juicy juice coming out
of that puddin ooh
rap song oh my god I can make it breathe
holy fuck okay how all the juices are
mixing Oh Mel of it all oh this is a
collection of smells really this is kind
of like a sampler of like a lot of
different perfumes now I like this
because like you can treat each of these
as a dipping option like watch you could
take your nugget you can dip it in your
mac and cheese and then you can dip it
in your pudding and then you can just
get those in your corn and look what you
got honestly something I probably would
have eaten last night at midnight cheers
to being stabbed alone I'm not gonna lie
yeah good good god oh my god
something about the mix of the salty and
the sweet and the chunky and the wood
all of that together kind of filled the
hole in my heart I should eat this whole
thing it's time for some pop star
chicken and fries what pop star with
this feed is Harvard from Wizards of
Waverly Place a pop star because I feel
like this is heart if Selena Gomez was a
frozen food whoo she would definitely
order like this deliveries as Gomez you
know me do you remember the brother of
the Wizards of Waverly Place he had a
huge dick like not that I was looking
but it was very big and they didn't
cover it like he'd walk around the set
and like his dick would be popping out
and Harper would be like oh cool
and all I can think about is her choking
on it everything is not what it seems to
do
ooh but chicken oh here we go okay what
the hell are these these are supposed to
be fries all right well they smell like
poppin cookin so look at these little
baby chickens
that's cute more corn I don't know why
they think kids like corn day job I
don't know if this is pudding or this is
a brownie or whatever this is I don't
know I'm eatin it let's take the fry in
the cha that's mm-hmm that made a skin
okay look at that it's like I'm actually
rubbing its skin off oh sorry girl hold
on okay and then we're just going to dip
that back into the corn I'm just gonna
do it again because I feel like lots
gonna work out you know what it did not
work out this time like I did last time
what the fuck is that
hold on that is not pudding that ice
cream what how do you put this in the
microwave honestly that's a science
already no chicken tastes like bone
Barbic mom should be good I mean it's
not chicken it's probably honestly this
whole penguin wouldn't be crazy if the
mascot for food was the food like if the
mascot for subway was a sandwich you
know instead of a pedophile and the
mascot for like dominos was like a
little pepperoni or the mascot for
McDonald's let's throw up like that
would be crazy this huh finally some
good old mac and cheese with fruit
snacks and corn oh my god they make it
look so fun too
like if I saw this box in the star be
like mommy give me that and then mommy
will go no you're gonna eat beads like a
racquetball I love Sunday nights all
right whoo
this one has like a toy on it I was so
fucking now kick was eating me shut the
fuck up you calm down this is a card
I don't can't eat it so useless to me
okay you know what I'm gonna be honest
I'm something nice I do love the
packaging I think the blue is really
cool I think it's fun but like what's on
the inside is trash so neat nice
packaging garbage all right I already
know what the macaroni tastes like you
know let's just take a brick
mm I love a good macaroni sandwich break
ha ha you know what another bad mmm if I
cooked it when I'm in because I'm
lightning are you there
now the fruit snax pisses me off a
little bit I feel like all the other
ones have like brownies or cookies or
ice cream
screaming damn boots snacks one green
one every time I meet somebody who
actually likes fruit snacks it literally
makes me question everything about like
I was shooting this movie and this
binder guy was with me and he was just
like yo man your craft services and I'm
like oh yeah it's over there they have
like Doritos they have burritos oh my
god they have everything and then he was
like yeah what do you think I Welch's
fruit snacks Welch's fruit snacks what
are you 5 and then he took a bag and he
ate the whole thing anyone stop talking
about how slick it was and how it was
flames and fire I wanted to light myself
on fire I wanted to take his fucking
hoverboard and shove it up his ass and
Ryan never on the set I don't know why
I'm so angry he was a very nice boy all
right let's try this okay reverse these
are good fuck
dear man now I get it these are good I'm
happy since I look fire I don't hate
these oh shit sorry boner boy I still
want to ride you like a hoverboard um
hey guys guys meet Ryan kid Cuisines
I'll go through a lot of emotions I went
through a lot of trauma I'm going
through a lot of childhood experiences
why can't I just eat you know I mean why
do I have to eat and have therapy and
fuck up my brain and think about debt so
much you've not want to quite a dinner
date with me it is depressing I judge of
your fun day at the Anthony with you
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe I think if it is a people
day and I will see you guys tomorrow
oh my god I'm living with this ghost
right so I come to terms with it I'm
like okay I walk downstairs and I'm like
hey Gary
making up a name we're trail you know
like this house is like lit as fuck like
we're fire like we're cool right like
using all the vine turns trying to like
each other
