heyo tip you guys okay today's videos
want to be a little bit different
because I want to tell you what is going
on in my life right now and why I am so
terrified every day so long story short
you guys know I moved into a new place
when I came to look at the place
originally there was a back room that
just had a vibe like to the whole house
that had furniture and um like they have
couches and beds everything but this
bathroom there was nothing there and the
bathroom in the back room looks
completely different from the rest of
the house like the shower it's like a
seat in it and like a little thing where
you can take the shower I'm sure so kind
of an old person shower and the room
just felt really filled even though it
was empty like I walked in hearts were
racing as its room feels haunted but
like I'm just going to ignore that
because like I love this place so then I
was like asking the realtor like do you
know like what that back room was and
she's like never let me ask so of course
she asks and they were like oh just like
whatever weird okay so I move it right
off the bat the first dad within was
awful everything about the day went
wrong everything including like the
movers cussing me out breaking things
like so many things that they brought in
were broken
drew slipping and cracked his head open
you having to get ten staples literally
that happened check out his video he
made a store job of it so everything
about that day was like cursed kind of
fantastic now I'm just getting more that
like I'm sure you know what - the first
night I slept I started hearing stuff
and I would hear stuff downstairs and I
was just like you know it's an older
house so maybe it's just like settling
or whatever fuck that means you know
maybe just like wood is like freaking
yeah I've seen home renovation shows
they talk about that then I heard
footsteps and I heard footsteps coming
up my stairs and I was like okay that's
not normal I have never seen that on
house hunters fixer-upper would never so
I like open my door and terrified and
there's nothing there you sick okay
that's weird
so then the next morning I go to the
kitchen and Macao
is open I did not leave the cabin open I
don't I always shut everything I don't
even really open anything I'm just
really thin it is an empty person so I
know wasn't me so they have it's open so
I'm like okay weird I'm just gonna shut
it to ignore that the next night same
thing footsteps creaking sounds whatever
wake up the next morning cabinets open
and I was just like okay so there's
something going on I don't know what
this is is it it goes maybe but I wasn't
that freaked out so you know a ghost
tend to follow me anyway so whatever so
then I put this little deer on my little
fridge which you guys probably saw in
some of my videos from a couple weeks
ago so I had a little D ramallah perch
that night once again I hear footsteps
if you're all that stuff I just ignore
it and I'm like girl Sheila will you go
to bed wake up the next morning not only
is my cabinet open my dear is upside
down bitch like why I was like oh fuck
oh my god
what does that mean is that a sign of
something the devil's if you don't know
maybe like a magnet worn out or
something maybe what I'm just going to
turn a red box set up I'm going to shut
that cabinet and I'm going to go about
my business and we tell like
everything's chill next night footsteps
sounds I hear something crying and I'm
like okay it's not me for once
what the fuck is that I don't have any
people living with me I don't like what
is that so then I walk downstairs once
again nothing go to the kitchen cabinet
open do your upside down and I said okay
I'm going to get to the bottom of this
so some guy comes to my house to fix a
security system which by the way if
you're thinking about robbing me or
coming to get me bitch I have a security
system and I have guns you better not so
the guy comes and he sees me he goes oh
you're not who I thought you were going
to be and I was like I can't fish you
know what do you talk about and he goes
oh well you know it used to be a man and
his older father that lived here and
then he goes oh Mel's like what and he
goes he must have not made it I was like
ha ha ha well I guess the older man the
guy's father was living in this house
mate supposedly and in that back room
and I think the older man
in there and I think the older man
because this is what happens with us
they kind of like relive their life over
and over and orient so I think probably
he gets up in the morning and like opens
up the cabinet to like get some cereal
and then maybe he like opens up that
little fridge and maybe the little deer
turns like something like that right and
then maybe there was a cry maybe that
was him maybe he had some diarrhea from
the sea really I don't know so I'm sure
oh my god and living with this ghost
right so I come to terms with it I'm
like okay I walk downstairs and I'm like
hey Gary
making up a name we're trail you know
like this house is like lit is fuck like
we're fire like we're cool right like
using all the vine turns trying to like
the chill with him obviously I don't
feel response this is where it's kind of
weird and scientific I have an
elliptical put into that room right
because there's nothing in that room and
I won't have an elliptical so if you
guys don't know this like when you're
under ghosts your heart rate goes up
okay so I get onto the elliptical and I
put my hands on machine and my heart
rate is already like way higher than
it's supposed to be like really fucking
high so I'm just like this is weird I
haven't even started yet so once I start
going my heart rate goes so high that
the machine starts beeping at me and
turns off because it's like no too crazy
you're gonna have heart attack so I
start panicking and I'm like okay so
obviously there is a presence in here
and obviously it does not want me to be
on my own if to go in here which by the
way I was looking good my underwear on
it's like a lipstick going with my shirt
off I was like getting my life and you
know the ghosts obvious it was sick did
not want to see that Hey so I go to bed
wake up the next day I'm open like it
always is but this time there's no tear
you're like where's the deer I look down
deer have been decapitated
what how did that happen this was new
like what he not only was like so done
with me he's like I'm gonna ruin
everything you love crap what if I had a
baby that maybe I would've been gone so
now
and don't know what to do because every
night I hear stuff I've had people like
friends come over and not I won't even
tell them any of this and they'll go
into that back room use the bathroom and
look come out and go oh this ghosts in
there like everybody so I think my next
step is to have the psychic twins come
over and like you're reading in that
room or something or maybe have those
centers come I don't know
Nina comment letting me know if you want
me to do something like that I'm a
little scared honestly to do something
like that because I've done that before
and it didn't go well
and I wanted to move so I really love
this place and I don't wanna move but
what would you guys Adam it's freaking
me out and I feel like last night
especially it was like this is why I
make a video dude last night was so bad
I mean it was so loud there's so many
noises and I heard like speaking and
talking and I mean there's only there's
only like so many like YouTube videos I
can watch and force myself to like fall
asleep like it's like so that's my story
my life is haunted uh-huh it's great
alright I've been talking a lot I'm
gonna go hang out with the ghost
we're gonna be on the elliptical in our
underwear and pray for me aren't you
guys okay follow me I don't think give
this video thumbs up hit subscribe
let me get everything away and I'll see
you little ghosties hey guys a quick
update before this video ends so I
filmed that video probably like a week
ago and since then it's been louder
there has been more and more noises
every single night I have a new security
system that picks up motion so like if
anything in the middle that I moves the
security alarm will go off and it's gone
off toys so something is definitely
moving down there also the video I put
up about a week ago where I was playing
with that like fucking wobble bobble
thing a lot of the comments were saying
that you guys saw ghosts and goes at the
five minute mark I don't remember
exactly when but if you want go check
out that video tell me what you think I
mean I saw something I don't know I'm
trying out for you I'm trying not to
scare myself to death but maybe the
ghosts love the wubble bubble I don't
know
so I'll keep you guys posted and I am
going to do a video with the twins I
talked to them we're gonna do it we have
a motherfucking seance in that room okay
I'm gonna sleep that Ghost
I just got gay to put something Zak yes
and I was like okay so then I put a
toothbrush up my ass but I put it up
with the bristles up that doesn't do
with that kids watching don't you
toothbrush use a plunger
