hey what's up you guys I'm so excited
because I'm here at the beauty break sad
girl okay so this is Jocelyn hey Lily
and you guys probably know that movie
break a cheat day and all those other
shows that I watched literally until
4:00 a.m. while I'm eating chicken fries
I eat chicken while you guys eat like
pizza and stuff and I pretend like I'm
eating it too but it's not good pizza
it's like here's a cheeseburger sundae
that sounds fucking amazing
disco crazy so I was like you know what
we've never met we've never hung out of
the video it's kind of like a first date
and I'm single it's been a minute so why
don't we have a fucking date right in
single er minute for you a decade it's
good about 500 so here's how I think it
should go okay I'm gonna like ask you
guys questions and like we're gonna be
telling this is real data I have an anal
douche so this is perfect I bought this
for the date really Arkana
you got to keep it clean nobody wants a
dirty whole thing not a clean whole pan
by the way this little hole did you know
that's what a selfie stick is really for
wait listen wait is like take it down
there Brown you like just to make sure
he's going up you've never had a home to
come up do you say let me get a whole
pig it really is so mix aside okay are
going to start our date so romantic
music now okay so my mood
I don't have a candle but there it is it
should spray some poo pourri
okay so first of all let's set the top
restaurant oh wait I picked you guys
yeah yeah Thank You Celeste weird
sizzler okay so we're at sizzler we just
went to the salad bar which by the way
if you've ever been to sizzler this is
not hashtags box it's like the best
salad bar in the world assets are dates
off to a really bad start because I
don't eat self no no it's called a salad
bar but it's really macaroni pizza
nachos yeah we just sat down we have all
of our foods we all got everything right
so there's no sharing like I have my own
okay so my first question to be like hey
so like yo so Lilly who's been the
biggest influence in your life by the
way these are questions from that stock
which by the way is awful Oh her
boyfriend on that shot oh did she send
him a whole pig all day wobbly one
direction or something like that will
give a better answer Amanda Bynes Sui
really overcome why hey no that was Jeff
who's Jocelyn oh go with Siberia now you
probably don't know who she is she was
in the world's first squirter
and I'm going with that for obvious
reasons sound guy knows I'm talking
about like actually dying she was the
world's first quarter and now she's on
crack and she was by the dumpster and
she shot monkey any break yes because
she was not free to be different she was
not going to do her thing she's not
afraid to spray the world with her new
lights I theory of the squirting Queens
I'm here you by the way squirting is
real like it's actually real ask dr.
daddy he's no bgy innocent yeah yeah
does she squirt her name is juicy sorry
let me get a whole pic
what if that was juicy czar enjoyed our
video
hey yes Gordon Oliver phone number -
Jimmy pet peeves like actually I would
do that would bother you like when we're
living together in the future
oh my what do I do this boy look food
smacking is kind of pro how are you with
washing hands after shit's good but did
you know that there's constantly so much
fecal matter in the air that it really
doesn't matter
are you hoop surrounding us right now I
have a guarantee I have a good table
about oh when I was 12 I was walking I
was watching doctor student sex talk do
you remember her old arms like this yeah
the old lady doctor Xu said was like how
you tell young boys the cheese is inside
your ass and he's got a to put
something's on your hands and I was okay
so then I put a toothbrush up my ass but
I put it up with the bristles up that
doesn't it was bad kids watching don't
use a toothbrush use a plunger I use the
pointer ah
it was a rough 13 and that's a big movie
time off get to the ground
and then I was like I'm just gonna
travel and I started to sit on it and I
went too far I don't know if I the
cervix but I think so I hate whatever
the service was right through my grown
your ass there there's stuff like Bobbi
ray I can never listen to that song rod
way to me I want to take your time I can
never listen to it again I don't make me
throw you a plunger
I think we're on a date he's like
Siberia
I can plunder in the eyes like what's
your last question what should I know
about you that I would never think to
even ask I named a color in the grandma
damn it that's not fair you you suffer
everything look in yeah yeah yeah I was
a kid Creole had a mystery color contest
okay Shanghai I want so now I have a
color what is it
tickle me pink she made up tickle me
back shut the fuck up I don't know
that's not fair they're like oh you're
very - horse thing you wouldn't have
known that have you seen that uh well
first of all two men or one guy one
horse you've seen them and I know I know
it is really not a viewing this hurted
Oh No hold on I just want you to hear
this okay why I am no go on horse did
you know he died after this from
internal bleeding I that could have been
me okay just don't look so grabbing the
horse help it's going in huh oh what a
lot of lunch
wait for it what what wait what watch it
calm wait listen um you can't hear me
hey go
did he come that's so sweet he's
thinking about the way it's like a
really nice scent this Jane is like just
really like well guys hope you had fun
with us we have fun with you
Who am I taking home with me this make
sure to go over there channel and
subscribe
what a video for the differ than this
finally also consider those of its stars
I make that weird fuckin videos every
day and we will see you guys
you're oh sure good day I'm sure it's
gonna be like buttered popcorn it's
gonna be butter that might be good
though when you're at the movies and
you're like the popcorn you start making
I'm never done never yes I don't think
I've ever made out a movie better ever
me
