happy guys yes today we're going to be
taking another trip to my childhood
because not only we're gonna be getting
fast food we're gonna be eating food off
the dollar menu or as my family is to
call it that Sunday at the church lunch
much there's no better way to celebrate
Christ in something crispy so today I
had somebody go and get some dollar menu
item from different restaurant
restaurant girl from different fucking
food stands from different factories and
I don't know what's in the bags
I don't know what they are so I'm
nervous I'm excited it's like do a No
Deal diarrhea or no diarrhea either way
I'm ready okay we're gonna start with
the Burger King bag which by the way
this looks like some kind of light flag
for some kind of like sad fat country
hook my home win see what's in here
blue mysterious cool ooh crispy chicken
Thank You Christ and there's like a bar
on it
I don't know what that means it means it
is really old dollar menu I love their
little system it's like 1 through 12 so
like what like how many days has been
out how many cockroaches they found in
the kitchen like something like that
okay let's go fit for us huh she got a
wound she's been stabbed oh oh hold on
this is very much remind me of Christ at
first I'm like wait I don't trust you
cuz there's some things in the Bible
that I don't agree with but then after I
feel the love of Christ I'm like you
know what i'ma ignore all those red
flags we got going on another date
grinds we're just not gonna talk about
that gay shit we're just gonna talk
about us oh no okay
there's like so many sense this is like
bad their body works for your ass hi
would you like to smell my ass here yes
just a little flavor of ass you can get
just a tiny whiff balls and if you'd
like I'll throw in my camel toe for free
alright here we go
open her up she's not opening she's a
good girl
mmm ha ha ha
dude I'm converting it's like a big
chicken nugget right and then they're
like you know what this needs bread you
know what else it needs it's awesome you
know what else it needs not to really be
microwave just to kind of be half frozen
and then they put that shit all together
oh my god there's a
yeah flu it was exciting just when you
think it couldn't get better it gets
worse which by the way my new book it
gets worse pre-order right now no no
this is very interesting I wonder if
there's anything on the other side
mm-hmm
no just just sad crispy dried blood I
wonder what they call this there's no
name on it I'm gonna guess it ain't no
thing but a chicken on you right or if
you like chicken then put a ring on it
or oh oh my god is it that bitch with
the ring no it's chicken one of those
all right next we're going to do my boo
Taco Bell ooh I'm part of the mobile VIP
fuck does that mean
oh my god wait I was literally in that
commercial I literally said that in the
commercial the new way to talk over the
place only the ah remember my days as a
spokesmodel and then they never called
me back let's see oh I know what these
is oh hello
cinnamon twisties oh my god we visit a
lot by the way for a dollar
oh my god is there any sauce I don't
know if they do sauce but they should be
sauce as the former spokesperson of Taco
Bell I'm requesting sauce so these are
use to get as a kid all the time because
like you know what I don't think a grill
stuffed beef burrito fiesta taco salad
and chewy chewy toes is enough I need
something a little bit sweet and then
these babies came around okay
oh my god you're good okay I have so
many feelings just in general I by week
but these are fixing things huh I don't
need therapy anymore so shame you said
you had a bad week yeah I did do you
want to talk about it sure whoo there's
another Taco Bell item okay now ask the
former talk about spokesperson I don't
know who she is I never seen her around
my office she must be new here what is
this
it has no smell but it's giving you look
it's crispy it's fried it looks like a
taco but I'm gonna get his not a taco
all right let's do this I'm gonna bite
it from the middle always just yellow we
want a rectangle you want to get a
regular taco but said you get this shit
why
why not this is all about car something
new the lunar was right
oh it's like an apple pie choco oh my
god which by the way sounds awful but
this is killing it blue Apple pen taco
you know it used to be good pumpkin pie
pizza well that's just me pumpkin pie
like it this place it means that you
didn't do that
no just me yeah this is good thick is
sweet it's me by the way the other day I
had a date and I had somebody referred
to me as thick bug in a good way but
like not a good way cuz it's me it was
literally like I'm like that's why I
like you you know what I mean like just
not into like small skinny types like
you're like thick just a second I'm fine
next food McDonald's suburbs Oh what is
it McDonald's no McDonald's oh yeah
that's right okay what we have in here I
recognize this little box Oh Lucas
little boss this is chicken nuggets I
mean obviously no these days like but
I've never seen them whose dirty little
books okay first of all on the back
there's a picture of somebody throwing
this away I don't know if you can see
that but literally like Oh No
tender and juicy made with white chicken
how would you call it that's what we're
calling it right why chicken oh that's
what we're gonna do okay right you know
I'm gonna call it Elmo call a cat
because that's probably what it is it's
probably cat
oh you know these were still good they
still remind me of childhoods - reminds
me of the bad old times
I don't have any dipping sauce but well
let me just get enough drool together to
make it difficult
wait hold on I just had em night
Shyamalan 6/7 moment we're like the
whole movie I was like chicken tempura
good and at the end of movie and I'm
like what these are not good these are
not good and as the former McDonald's
chicken nuggets spokesperson well done I
would just like to say I Feeny I take
back the face I made when I ate that
nugget which by the way funny story when
I was auditioning for the McDonald's
commercial they have a bunch of nuggets
on the table and they were like ok now
pretending to nugget now it's like gramo
go all-in I booked this so I was like
food nuggets and then as I was chewing
it I was like oh god oh god this isn't a
nugget what is this oh my god and then
they were all staring at me like is he
gonna swallow it
is he gonna do it and I fucking
swallowed it and then afterward he goes
uh-huh that's a glamour nugget and no
that doesn't mean that that nugget was
like be good and dutiful it means a nun
it was plastic and made out of paper so
book it what the fuck is this what the
fuck is this is this dipping sauce this
is mayonnaise hello oh my god wait this
has been sitting out for like an hour
mmm-hmm oh my god this is just like one
of those surgery shows where they're
like would you like to see how the extra
skin that we just took off there it is
you want to keep it it's okay I'll drink
it right how do I join just rip this
what is this I I'm just gonna break this
um oh you know I like shit sweet I like
everything sweet I put Splenda in my
water
this this right here this B right this
is too sweet this is like when you were
hanging out with somebody they're like
oh my god Shane you're so mean like how
do you hate so many people like I've
never hated anybody go fuck yourself
bitch where did that come from
oh I'm so much anger she promised image
was about that depth it's fighting back
oh my god
no I don't like this I don't know what
this is I don't know if it's a shot I
don't know if it's a milkshake
I don't know this one the dollar menu at
a sperm bank but whatever it is I don't
wanna alright let's do one more
Oh another Taco Bell Oh
this one is suspect okay all right it's
wrapped this it is doesn't say just says
dollar menu okay all right it's been
sitting out for a minute so it's a
little bit you know pornographic just
break her in half see what's on the
inside what is this nothing what's
inside of it
what is this uh it's just cheese those
dudes are gonna pick a quesadilla but
why do they roll it que sera lo que su
ro Laurita oh my god I feel like I know
her I would just go for all arena you
know I always knew you were gonna be
something okay let's try this let's go
I mean it's no world of Rita I mean like
she tastes you're real good but like is
whatever I feel like if I had a dollar
who if I had a dollar if I had one dozen
I'm probably not buy this I'm best in
among twist I just feel like it's not
special this is like who you marry you
know I mean like this isn't you fuck
well you guys go that was me trying out
dollar menu items leave a comment down
below what else should I be eating well
Kristen said date they called me thick I
will just be eating soup so that's gonna
be fun give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe let me give it as a people
that year and I was a little dollar menu
items tomorrow oh did you hear that
that's like my ass flapping back in 2006
whoo wait oh my god is six in the floor
like my hat
fifth
