hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet a recent app craze that has
been exploding across both Twitter and
now YouTube is called Face Swap live and
no it is not a freaky blue man group
live show in Vegas where they cut off
people's faces and exchange them on to
other bodies the basis behind app is
relatively simple you can take your face
and put it on another person's body or
vice versa or if you're right next to
someone you can simply swap faces
without cutting them off no blood no
incisions now well there's sumo blood or
surgery involved in the actual face swap
the video will still end up creepy hello
everyone it's me Alexis so that is what
gave me the idea to use this app not for
fun entertainment good times but for
evil today I'm going to be using Meowth
they swap live to destroy youtubers
careers let's begin hey guys it's me
Miranda so today it's finally time I
told you all the truth because I'm not a
liar so a lot of you think of me as a
character created by clean but the truth
is in actuality kollene is a character
created by me her husband is a robot
that I made in my garage and yeah so
that's pretty much it just wanted to set
the record straight and tell you that I
made her please subscribe hey guys it's
grace Helbig here so I don't usually
make serious type videos but I think
it's time that I finally expose myself
and I tell you something that I've been
keeping from you for a long time a lot
of you guys know me as like your awkward
older sister that's kind of my thing on
the Internet and I'm here to tell you
I'm not awkward sorry if that exposes me
a bit
but it's true so yeah that's basically
me exposed hi guys it's me
Trevor um you've probably been sitting
on my videos my Instagram that I've been
playing around with a man bun and you do
have a man bun but just like with the
Wizards of Waverly Place intro song
everything is not as it seems with the
man bun so you all see it and it's it
like looks fine on the outside but the
thing about the man bun is it's fake
it's not even my real hair and then
while we're at it be sure to buy my
album alive what's up guys it's Ricky
so I've been dreading making this video
for a long time but it's time that I
finally tell you guys something that's
been weighing on me ever since I
released my first single cult ordinary
bite on iTunes whoa whoa whoa so
basically when ordinary was first
happening they asked me if I gave what
my answer was no I lied I give what I
give what I give a what and it's been
weighing on me just ever since I
basically started singing what's up guys
it's pepper here I think there's really
haha there's really nothing else I can
do to ruin this career um so I think
we're good we're honestly good thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
this face boil the episode don't forget
to give it a thumbs up
be sure to head on over to my channel to
check out the latest video that is up
there it was a good time pressure then
what do you think of this app does it
creep you out are you like into it or
like turns on by it let me know by
leaving a comment I will see you next
week with a brand new episode of I'm
calm it's all good
