hey you guys really quick before this
video starts I just wanna let you know
that there is a brand new video on the
psychic twins channel where they talk
about whether or not we G boards are
real they also did collabs and readings
on drew and jennxpenn and a bunch of
youtubers so I'll put the link down
there go check it out
and I will see you guys in a second in
the video showered hey guys okay so I'm
gonna be honest I was a target and I saw
this wubble bubble and I was like damn I
just want to buy that play with it I'm
huh my job is YouTube I could just
pretend like a mine for a video somebody
asked me and then I was like now I
should like actually make a video about
it so it's less creepy instead of just
me walking around my house with my
favorite bubble slap myself in the face
with it maybe if you guys watch me play
with my big ball it'll be less weird so
I got this globe well I've seen a lot of
youtubers play with this and I'm almost
so jealous so I got one of my own okay
so I have heard it's very complicated to
blow up but you know me I succeeded
everything oh no the fuck is this you
get to use your mouth
oh my god ooh feels weird me when I'm
running okay so how do we do this
oh come the farm you're gonna unscrew
shit everybody's time of that and I
guess you do have time for that if you
have time to play with a huge talking
bubble bubble-butt I don't want to work
for it
okay here we go and yes I have a
screwdriver in my house because I'm a
fucking man and I bought it because I
needed to replace the batteries on my
curling iron oh that was easy see is
going so good I don't know why he
believed it so hard all right now I got
these big-ass batteries that are too
fucking big for anything why would any
this big battery ha ha
no way I'm not done how do it felt good
scary
I'm guessing you like this miss maybe
just shove in here how sex works okay
where's the hole also have sex works oh
here we go okay right here so then we
just shove it in here and I broke it
once again get ready for your first time
kids how it's gonna be so just anything
happening nothing's happening uh-huh
wait what you have to lubricate the hole
oh my god I mean this is a joke is this
a for real everyone do they give me lewb
I ain't got Lou we don't wanna fuck is
you spit oh my god they didn't do it
they actually do that's amazing
all right so let's move up the probe I
gotta really lose that baby up you don't
want to have any blood and let's see if
it works
Oh smooth slid right on in up that slide
now in and out okay oh wow
jeez need to take it a dinner first a
talented horse
on now it's so lubed up I just slide all
over the place
oh by the way the lube it smells good I
feel like it's flavored oh my god I
fucking eat you up I put you together a
screwed you know give me what I want
it's working it's working alright this
is gonna take forever so I'll just show
you guys it'll look like it's done okay
it's been literally forever but it is
done ready
let's see this glow in the dark no
didn't get work okay so now let's go out
into the living room as fuck around yeah
that line never works
alright let's do this alright here we go
so way to set up Ennis okay oh my god
did you hear that that's like my ass
slapping back in 2006
whoo wait oh my god sticks to the floor
like my ass back you gotta sit literally
this sound it makes when I'm in the pool
and the shirt on because you know of
course I'm sure
and I get out I go oh my god so fun if
it sticks to the wall
it does you can punch it so let's see it
with your bangs oh shit it drop that
bubble bubble when I Bubble Bobble hell
yeah all right hand hello oh my god so
good yeah ah okay alright too much fun
with the level let's take a little break
Finny imagine if I like drop my light
let my house on fire and I was like
sorry Fire Department
see what happened was my God look your
gravy with this wobble better of my face
oh my god
I just click on what's that cartoon I've
never seen that everybody talks about
that hot topic Oh Adventure Time except
I'm not a kid I'm a grown-up and I'm
playing with levels what else can I do
with this thing I want to try to break
it so right goose oh my god there's
already a hole with it it's a hole
no that's hair there's a lot of hair
okay great by the way the little hole
looks like a fucking dirty asshole
here's like hair all over it you got
that little little sphincter move me and
the wall up a lot of comment okay let's
try to angle a little bit you can see
the full scope of what she's giving us
oh that fucking just flew like fucking
love it is it you see that that like
smoothie the hair okay I'm a believer
I'm a well believer
okay that where you guys go I gotta play
for level I feel really good about my
life right now and I hope you feel good
about yours and I'm just really proud of
us and you guys are gonna go good make
sure you give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe something new levels every
single day and I will see you tomorrow
okay wait can we talk about dating
really quick yeah I love you after I
text my mom
woo oh my god this woman's breast
feeding on the corner oh my god
queen of kids free the nipple
