hands if you guys yes it is another time
for me to hopefully try and not fail at
another Pinterest to you i dy my drive
can you imagine sorry you're being
pulled over because you're just too
crafty and you're drunk you're very
drunk let's get started okay so today I
wanted to do something galaxy again
because you guys seem to like that and
honestly I just love the idea of being
out in outer space and not having to
have any responsibilities that sounds
creative it's why I love Target so much
it's almost like being in another world
especially to go in the morning around 8
a.m. it's literally like you're on a
planet full of fucking fat sad aliens my
home planet ok so what I have here is
two big fucking buckets of vanilla ice
cream I mean cuz I need something to put
the ice cream in I was like oh it's you
probably get a little Bowl perfect and
then how we're going to be decorating
this is I got these little color sprays
I guess I don't have to taste like
anything but they have a lot of
chemicals in it so it's gonna bring me
closer to death which is gonna bring me
closer to space and then I have these
little sprinkles that look like stars
and I also have an edible glitter which
I'm honestly terrified about my shit is
already way too fancy yesterday my shit
was like dark red with like little white
specks in it it was giving me like Milky
Way red velvet cake pancakes at IHOP
matte lipstick realness okay let's get
started so what we're gonna do is we're
just gonna fill my bowl with ice cream
oh my god that's a kid I wish this is
what a cereal out of alright alright
this is a harder than expected oh yeah
oh my god I was so excited right now
this is like every dream as a kid I ever
have oh my god patty mayonnaise shows up
and starts sucking me off you can call
this a childhood fantasy come to life
okay that's a pain of mayonnaise but I
met Skeeter I'm just gonna get rid I
gotta be fun if after you said it you
did a little boo-boo
alright first carton is in and that's
not enough we got to put in card number
two whoo she's spitting at me I'm just
gonna dump this bitch out let's see if
it works
oh my god can you see this oh I need to
get a close-up for you oh my god oh okay
okay
this is dreams this is goals this is
life look at this right here look at
that right there oh my god
oh this galaxy is already everything
this is the galaxy I want to be the
center of alright let's just make a
little pile so it's a pretty galaxy yes
I didn't get whipped cream
fuck well that would make any sense
there's no cream in the galaxy so and
we're all about science around here okay
so now that our ice cream is in its bowl
we ever want to start spraying okay I'm
a little nervous honestly because I
don't fuck this up so I'm gonna start
with purple I guess you just do it
nervous I don't mess it up okay okay I
got this a lot of noises I've never made
before this is going well this
relationship might last okay let's call
it too much too much fuck right let's
just coke this side with some perks yes
yes yes and let's do pink in the middle
oh I'm so excited oh my god yes oh my
god this is the first thing I think I've
done on my channel that has worked I
have redeemed myself in that blue oh
yeah oh my god oh my god oh
fuck it that's a lot of rage alright now
I'm just gonna go over the whole things
a little blue get all the colors mix and
then we're over the whole thing with a
little more pink yeah yeah oh my god oh
my god I don't want to do a snapchat it
I'm gonna make ya'll wait we're all the
purple again okay so that's the colors
oh I can tell you so the colors of the
ice cream and I can't wait to diarrhea
all night long oh my god my shit oh she
is so fancy like at the lxd alright
what's next what's next
Pope the Stars okay so these are
sprinkles I think we should have kind of
like you know do what God did and just
like sick fucker oh my god oh this is
all real by the way I'm not like we're
dead because I'm excited I'm fucking
there who announce happy the glitter and
come to taste this yeah okay it's not
that good made time it's fine it's
pretty that's all that matters just just
a little bit of this on there oh my god
oh my god I am so happy right now
everything about this is everything okay
here is the official galaxy ice cream
let me get y'all a good view of this oh
my god oh oh that's so beautiful
oh oh oh fuck fuck fuck fuck
oh hold on I need a snack oh okay it's
having eat okay I'm so excited oh my God
look how pretty we look together oh I
love us I love us
alright let's just take a little scoop
there little stars little planets all
those people in there I don't care I'm
go fuck man wha
ready for this oh my god yes go that bat
yeah oh my god oh my god make this it is
not sponsored although I don't know who
would sponsor this the galaxy hole there
you guys go
I'm so proud of myself I hope you're
proud of me too make sure this video
thumbs up and subscribe
and also make sure to leave a comment
letting me know what pan actually try
next
maybe something galaxy again because
that is my new thing I am mister fucking
gallops damnit oh shit
no Steve Harvey just called no I'm not
mr. galaxy but that's okay I'm gonna
release the sex tape and I'm gonna be
fixing that another bitch how did you
guys have UFO me have one of these real
team oh hi
I don't know what it is but it's fucking
working kind of it's literally just
creating enough my drag name is I just
wasted a lot of fucking money but I
don't care good like fucking rich
