have you guys yes it is another time for
me to show you how much of a man I am by
trying out some girly products I mean
listen I'm all about anti gender roles
and like gender fluidity and like I
don't fucking know whatever you want to
be be but I'm a man you know I'm a big
fucking hairy fuckin burly man a man who
just like to cuddle up in his bed turn
on nerdy nummies and play with his wigs
okay maybe I'm not that much of a man
but either way today I'm gonna be
channeling my girly side by playing with
some of these weird contraptions I
bought now I'm gonna start simple with
this I'm gonna start with hot jewels
that's like a really interesting term
you could use for your balls like I
wouldn't do it because like that makes
it sound pretty I like to heat the bar
low like if I'm with somebody they even
see my balls yet I like to talk about
how gross they are that way when they
see them they're like oh I'm not
vomiting like I thought I would I mean
they're fucking disgusting what the fuck
but they're not in it so these are like
body tattoos that I guess are made out
of metal sound safe she looks miserable
like somebody forgot to tell her that
she's supposed to be selling us this
instead she's just selling a sadness
which bitch already bought and guess
what I could never take it back
water-resistant lasts up to six days why
would you want this for six days oh
those girls who like it those henna
tattoos on their hands and then they
have them for like three months but then
it starts to fade and it just looks like
they have some weird fucking skin
disease and no offense to people with
skin diseases because your disease is
beautiful henna tattoos that are five
months old on a rink way out here are
not I'm talking to you old-ass lady
works at Chipotle - he's calling me
ma'am
back to the catches okay so this says
you can wear it on your wrist your belly
your ankle your shoulder or your head
it's exactly what I need it's a fucking
forehead tattoo actually that's a good
idea because it would make people look
right at my forehead and less of my hips
okay so there's a lot of designs they
are all hideous wait what they have
necklaces girl go to Claire's and buy a
damn necklace your $2 bill turn your
neck green no probably break but at
least won't look like a damn homeless
person my crazy with their sharpie all
right let's do something simple I'm
gonna give myself a little arm tattoo
with how does this sweat I guess you
just rip it off I'm like I know
and then I'm just gonna like put it here
alright so now that's on my arm let's
just get some water on it
ooh I'm actually kind of excited they're
still stupid but I'm excited how long do
I need that on board
whatever I've never been good at
directions and I've never made anything
good let's not break that streak all
right and whew like why anywhere else am
I supposed to put that though you don't
have been like on my belly that's
exactly what I need more weird shit on
my stomach I already have a scar that
wraps around my entire body let's just
cover that you to go does it even stay
long
oh no it's not coming off look when I
wrinkle my arm yeah it's like an old
lady arm oh haha oh this is horrible why
did I do that
well now that we're all tatted up it's
time to get rid of our eyebrows now this
is kind of more like a hat but it's
technically products we're gonna do it I
was talking to a makeup artist and she's
talked about my eyebrows and I was like
yeah you know sometimes I just feel like
you're too big and she was jokingly was
like oh you should like cover them up
and draw whatever you want and I was
like wait a minute it's a good fucking
idea so I asked her how to do it she
showed me so now we are going to try to
cover up my eyebrows see if it works
first we have to find my skin color yes
never left the house before peach that's
what I need
alright let's see if this works oh my
god it's starting to go away wait let's
zoom in yes oh my god I'm like slowly
turning into an emoji Christ let's
really layer this shit on oh my god it's
working oh my god I look so surprised
oh my god okay let's see the final look
ah whoa
God okay let me blend see I know shit
what was that oh my god that's crazy oh
wow I actually kind of like that I
should you both see that mixed with this
works
oh my god I'm giving you like RuPaul's
Drag Race realness what would my name be
I think my name would be like with the
fuck out of our this just makes me want
to take like endless selfies you know
what just as a test I'm gonna take a
picture of myself
I send it to my mom and just say happy
Sunday and see if she even notices it
alright sent up she's typing she just
had a smile on Logie that was her
response to this she loved me now that
we have our tattoo and our eyebrow gone
it's time to try out some magic hair so
this I guess I tried to find thing that
matched my hair color I felt like I got
pretty close oh this is easy just clip
it in your hair to give you a ponytail
but I've always wanted more people to
call me man oh my god this is exactly
what I thought but China's looks like
when I was a kid I have dreams when I
was a kid I was like with a little girl
and I'd be like I'll show you mine if
you show me yours and then I pull out my
stabbed little triple baby dick and then
they'd be like girl maybe that's what
fuck Mia look put it in my hair alright
so I guess we're gonna put it like here
oh wait let's put it more toward the
front really so you can really get it
I'm kind of feeling that I slowly but
surely I'm turning into a directly by
the end of this video I'm a lipstick
football boy this is good I like this I
was around when I was a kid when I was a
kid I wanted long girl here so bad I
would put like my mom's cowl on my head
and I know that sounds depressing but
let me just tell you I was fuckin feelin
myself hey that's how I was walking
around the house I was like oh did it
get in there and my mom was like yes you
did and we're fuckin worried next
product so this next thing is like
grease pads I don't really know what
that means
first of all just gonna leave this in I
guess you wipe this all over your face
and then it takes a grease off and it
shows you how much grease you have on
your face I'm gonna expect this to look
like a McDonald's cheeseburger wrapper
when I'm done alright here we go
forehead pads get under my eyes yes Oh
better my neck can I get a greasy neck
and let's see hey it's not that bad
I mean it's gross what is that little
blood on it that's not to worry about
you know everybody's face bleeds but
there's not that bad let's try my actual
hold on my balls a little bit ooh just
disintegrated Oh actually it was like
nope ah my balls are plucked it up again
alright last but not least alright now
we're gonna try the glance whirl this I
mean what first of all look at these
girls on the back having so much fun at
this party just braiding each other's
hair this is what adults wish kids were
doing at parties you know kids are doing
parties now rolling on Molly and
snapchat into pussies you're probably
watching buzz free videos oh I wish has
a little girl how does this thing work
oh dear and it needs a battery uh why is
life so fucking hard alright put a
battery in it here we go fuck nothing's
happening
woo what the hell is that oh my god I'm
so confused wait what first of all it
just broke
how the fuck are kids supposed to know
how to use this shit I wait whoa I've
never been more proud of myself ok so
now that it's working I think we just
spent our hair in these hooks mmm see
what happens
alright I don't have that much here so
this might not work that's what we want
okay I think it's in my hair oh ok
nothing blew his plans let's try it
again and twist come on make me pretty
in it God I have a wig ok let's just
take oh my god with the wig with the no
eyebrow with the tattoo oh I mean
honestly I'm giving you gaga born this
way and I don't know if you guys want
that okay so let's put that in there and
then that one in here okay and then
twist yeah Queen yeah oh my god it's
working I don't know what it is but it's
fucking working kind of it's literally
just creating enough my drag name is I
just wasted a lot of fucking money but I
don't care that I'm fucking rich well
here you guys go that was me testing out
girl product in you know failing it all
of them like usual what I'm doing umm it
sounded lip sync oh my liya what song
should I do
Oh another one and looks thinking for
whole life is girl with a book
oh I just broke everything in my house
I'm just gonna stash it away did you
guys get mommy a spot with you I'll see
you tomorrow because I make new videos
every single day this video thumbs up
see later Oh what is she filled with
okay once again looks better than it
smells
I'm assuming that's chocolate smells
like ass this is a good rap song yo yo
yo it look like shadow but it smell like
ass bitch I don't give a fuck I'm just
here to smash God actually is good get
it on iTunes
