hey zombie guys yes it is another day
for me to eat a bunch of food that I
only dream about during the rest of the
week and you think I'm giving but now
all my dreams are about food and car
crashes and a lot of having sex with my
brother but I don't really know what
that's about but he has them too we
talked about it on Thanksgiving anyways
okay so today I am so fucking excited
because I don't got a lot o Krispy
Kremes I haven't had a box of Krispy
Kremes since graduation
well my principal gave me that diploma I
was like oh that's cute what can I eat
it I don't need a piece of paper tell me
I succeeded at something any food so I
went to Krispy Kreme and I was like
listen give me like one of all your
favorites so I don't even know it's in
this box
close my eyes and I was just like
surprised me I have a feeling that it's
gonna be a good day and I don't think
I've ever said that in my life
okay let's open it up alright I'm not
gonna look I'm just pulling out oh she
is crisp
she is crisp and she is wet oh sure hope
so that hole what is it it's a original
bitch she knows what she's doing
she got me nothing fancy she don't need
no accessories you don't need no Kylie
Jenner lip kit she is perfect just the
way she is now I could just take a bite
of this I don't know what it tastes like
but there's one thing I have not done
which is something I render does which
is he puts this in a microwave let's get
a little hat let's get a little mounted
that's her sweat a little bit off and
there's nothing I love more than taking
a bite out of a dead sweaty bitch let's
nuke this alright she's hot she's ready
whoo she's cracking oh she's warm to the
touch I wish you guys had a doughnut too
if you have a doughnut in your house
grab that doughnut I want you to eat
along with me oh my god oh this smells
like every chapstick I've ever wanted it
also smells like every person who's ever
heard me
you know what fixes that pain mmm oh my
god whoa I'll bring to Adele hello
oh my god okay I'm gonna take you
through it it's a roller coaster when it
starts it hits you with that heat with
that fire then
inside it gives you that cool gives you
that ice and then it dissolves goes away
disappears what I'm expecting a
relationship with Taylor Swift just like
ha cold gone it's gone I don't think
this is gonna kill me after I'm done
with it oh look at her whole goes on a
gross but look at it look at it I want
oh by the way this is not hashtag spawns
although I wish a hashtag was this is
honestly just hashtag my life
next donut okay boom she got accessories
whoo she got extensions ooh he also got
some acne but I'm okay with it I don't
judge I popped one okay what hell is
this oh no I know what this is I've
never had this one because everything
about it sounds disgusting I'm gonna
give it a try this is the cheesecake one
now listen don't get me wrong
cheese beef factory probably my favorite
place in the entire world to be I mean
it's right up there with Hilary Duff's
house which by the way I have stood
outside up for 15 hours she didn't come
up although I didn't see jennifer Love
Hewitt next door take out your trash
okay let's take a bite of this first
wanna stop surprised okay I don't hate
the smell of this it kind of does taste
like a cheese game it doesn't smell
exactly the Cheesecake Factory it's like
I don't smell a clogged toilet but it's
gonna be Sara Lee realness
all right let's open her up whoo oh she
got a finger whoo she's reaching out
okay all right let's just mix that
little whatever the fuck that is okay
here we go whoo I love when the inside
is so mushy it kind of looks like mashed
potatoes I don't know how I feel about
that by the way my dad just put ice
cream in his mashed potatoes is that a
poor thing or an obese thing or both
once again a hashtag my life all right
here we go
ah that literally turned me to a Star
Wars character that's the process that's
that's by far the most sour nasty goopy
shit I've ever put my mouth and I used
to Papa Lisa's back pimples with my
teeth
oh I'm not mad a Krispy Kreme I'm not
hooking up with her yet because I know
she got some good to come that was just
like a one bad date smells like an you
text the person like oh so what do you
want to do tonight they're like ooh how
about like Netflix in jail get on my
face with that you know it's all about
Apple TV and kill yourself that's it my
next ooh this one I accidentally put my
finger in okay this is along boots
turning to Adele again who got a little
hole in it I like that little brown hole
I like that too now this one I don't
know what this is it has a like a little
art on top this little art pop you know
what half of it is just like a typical
chocolate doughnut with some vanilla
glaze the other happen to got some
little chips on it the bottom I don't
the fuck that is but all right let's
break her in half
oh she's filled Oh what is she filled
with okay once again looks better than
it smells
I'm assuming that's chocolate smells
like ass look this is a good rap song yo
yo yo it look like Chapel but it smell
like ass bitch I don't give a fuck I'm
just here to smash God actually is good
get it on iTunes okay here we go
mmm this this this is really oh you know
this first of all outside I got like
this dark chocolate coating on it and
then you got the dark chocolate chips
and then you got this vanilla coating
and then on the inside kind of things
like chocolate pudding countries like a
snack pack contains like what mom used
to make
just good mom to make shit this one's so
far this cheese she's the queen if this
was prom she just won prom queen and she
go get fucked tonight by me haha alright
let's pick the next girl to prom all
right who is she whoo-hoo that's that
girl you feel bad for but you're like
you know what I don't have a date
I don't car she drives maybe I could put
this on my extra credit to charity work
but you know what maybe I'll get for a
bite and we'll follow up now
this I believe because I've seen this
one but I've never picked it up is sour
cream I don't understand that I don't
know what that means is that sour cream
on top
does the whole thing tastes like sour
cream no let's get into it hmm oh my god
you
Kevin okay so I took her to prom right
like she was a nerdy girl I Britt is
like she is so disgusting what are you
doing and I'm like it's okay it's for
charity but then and gets a promise she
shows up she's killing she got like this
beautiful dress on you have titties pop
and a she got her hair all done she took
off her glasses she's a whole different
person and then I'm like oh my god I'm
in love her and then she went prom queen
this is the she's all that of donuts you
should never judge a book by it's cover
except Tyler Oakley's cuz when I saw
that cover-ups like foods about candy
you know when I read it I was like oh
it's about life that's cute girl that's
interesting but give me food also Connor
Francis cover that book was not about
triangles just saying oh no you know
what it's pretty good am I gonna keep
this I got the prom we're gonna stay
together you know where I gonna get
married a few years by leave a few kids
you know probably have some rough times
and I'm gonna come out the closet then
we're gonna get divorce then I got a
good that child support so there's not
gonna be a good life but he's gonna be
half that my life last Jonah what is
this
okay this looked good until I saw the
bleeding hole another reason why I don't
use Grindr
alright let's open it up oh no oh my god
alright okay that was like an actual
birth video
oh it's girl oh she did okay you know
what okay I'm gonna get a drink I don't
love fruit in my desserts but this
smells not that bad and you know I love
a powdered sugar why don't you well just
assume I love a powdered sugar so I'm
gonna give it a chance okay here we go
oh okay wait this is the Disneyland of
doughnuts cuz I'm very confused by it
like the idea of it was exciting and
then I got there and I saw the lines and
I saw those pain people and I was like
this place sucks then I saw the turkey
legs and I was like okay this place with
me that but then I saw those turkey legs
for $35 and I was like you go fuck
yourself but then I wrote on that roller
coaster loop in it I was like damn she's
killing it then right after that I wanna
it's a small world and I'm like this
place can make me kill myself and then
at the end the day I left and I was like
I never want to go back so I guess I
didn't like it how did we start talking
about Disneyland what the fuck is
happening okay I'm gonna say my ultimate
favorite today was definitely the dark
chocolate one
my least favorite probably the
cheesecake but all in all I'm just very
excited that this is my life alright you
guys make sure to leave down in the
comments what do fit your doughnut is
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe cause I'm going
everything and I will see you little
foodies tomorrow and I'm gonna mix up
matter are boom its plankton you see
that kids there you go
happy fucking birthday I'm gonna leave
some out of this too boom it's a white
plankton look at spongebob happy fucking
birthday kid
