guys we just did a podcast with my
literal hero Siberia oh my god I don't
want to give away what happen but all
I'm gonna say is squirting was involved
hey what's it be a Z yes welcome back to
another conspiracy theory video now
today's video is gonna be a mix of new
conspiracy theories and updates to ones
that we've talked about before and like
I always say how all of these are
theories
none of these are facts and some of them
can be incredibly triggering so if you
are triggered by a murder or suicide or
Jay Paul then I would leave this video
for the rest of you here we go okay now
this is gonna be a big update to a story
that we talked about like a month ago
and that is the accidental death of
kanika Jenkins on September 10th 2017
Kumiko was found dead in a walk-in
freezer at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in
Chicago now there was security camera
footage of her stumbling around the
hotel walking into the kitchen but there
was no footage of her actually going
into the freezer and because of that a
lot of people think that it was murder
now over the last month and a half her
mother has come out her family members
have come out many people have come out
and said that this was not an accident
there's no way that this little girl
could have opened up that freezer by
herself and went inside and just laid
there I worked in the cafeteria before
there's no way if she drunk and they
said she stomach so she don't have no
scream
I believe that's someone in this hotel
kept my channel even though all the
evidence wasn't adding up and there were
so many questions just now the case was
closed as I was writing this video the
authorities announced that the case is
closed and there is no more
investigation they're saying her death
was accidental and there's no evidence
that indicates any other conclusion and
of course people freaked out people were
tweeting reopen the case hashtag Anita
Jenkins and thousands of people were
tweeting hashtag just
Kanika well then something really really
disturbing happened
photos of kanika jenkins body in the
freezer were released now I am going to
walk a very fine line I do not want to
show the full photos because I feel like
that's disrespectful but I do need to
show pieces of the photos to explain
what her mom is talking about okay so
first let's talk about what her mom said
tamika's mom on facebook said Rosemont
police department stated two days ago
before seeing the four photos at the
time kandi cos body was found they did
not see any signs of assault or criminal
play so that is why they didn't start a
criminal investigation then she said
this Rosemont Police Department denied
me as a parent to see my child lying in
the freezer so they didn't want her to
see her daughter's body we wasn't even
allowed B when they discovered up I
wasn't even allowed to stand in the
hotel lobby they put us out we had to
step outside and look well then when the
pictures came out it definitely looked
like there were some instances of sexual
assault and for example let's look at
the side-by-side of these two pictures
on the left is kanika at the hotel party
before she died you can see that her
jacket covers most of her back and has a
straight edge but then in the photo on
the right you see that her jacket has
been ripped and it's showing a lot more
from back looking like she might have
been in some kind of altercation and now
this is when it gets really dark a video
came out supposedly this has not been
confirmed of the same night in the
kitchen and you see a man pushing a cart
that has a big black bag on it and
inside of that bag that looks to be now
I know you're thinking that could have
been anything well then if you look at
this picture of Kenny his hand you see
this that's right you can see a piece of
black trash bag on her nail which looks
like she might have clawed her way
and then even more disturbing there is
another picture of kanika shoe on the
ground in the freezer and next to it you
guessed it a piece of black trash bag
now this is from a police report and it
says the photographs show that Jenkins
was still wearing the jeans and jean
jackets shown in surveillance videos of
her walking through the hotel before
death but the shirt beneath her jacket
was pulled up exposing her breasts why
why was for sure pulled up exposing her
breasts why did she have trash bag on
her fingers why was she laying in such a
way that it looked like somebody threw
her in there well because of this and
because of a million other reasons her
family is still pissed and still wants
justice and so do all of us but as it is
now the case has been closed stop moving
my god that would piss me off so bad
because I remember doing this conspiracy
theory like a month ago and I remember
people telling me I don't know that's a
stretch I think she was just drunk a lot
of people online were like that's just a
dumb conspiracy theory and then these
pictures come out and she's clearly
disheveled and post assault but either
way I guess all we can do is keep saying
we want justice and kanika I just want
you to know I will not stop talking
about this until we figure out what
happened okay so usually I would go to
something lighter after something that
dark but it's just gonna get darker
because we have a few more theories
about the Las Vegas shooting now last
time I talked about some of the theories
that maybe there was a cover-up with
this shooting maybe Steven didn't
actually do it and maybe the government
is using him as a scapegoat well these
next couple pieces of evidence show that
that might be true okay so first of all
these posts appeared on Facebook now I
researched it and it looks to be very
legit but once again these are just
theories I don't want to be sued and
none of this is fact but allegedly this
was posted on Facebook a bunch of people
that worked the route 91 and said they
got their cellphones back today they
said all their phones are completely
wiped clean all messages and info from
that weekend are completely gone
anyone else experienced this yeah this
girl is saying that everybody that was
at that concert that night of the
shooting had their phones taken from
them or that left their phones on the
field got them back the next day and
they were white she also said this don't
know but a few different people who were
vendors there are saying the same thing
which means it wasn't just people in the
audience as people that were working
there now why would the police wipe all
their phones possibly to get rid of any
evidence that there might have been one
at one shooter possibly to get rid of
any videos of people showing that
there's more than one shooter well then
somebody commented this of course it's
an active federal crime scene they can
wipe it clean I was the beverage manager
for the entire event my laptop is wiped
clean his whole laptop but why if
anything wouldn't the police want to
leave all of those phones and tacks so
we could see exactly what went down and
how it went down so we didn't figure out
why it Stephen did it well that's not
the only thing that came out this week
that was very confusing
now something everybody's talking about
right now is the timeline and how it's a
little fucked up now it was originally
reported that after Stephen did his mass
shooting he shot a security guard in the
hallway of the hotel and then right
after that he killed himself but now
it's being reported that he actually
shot the security guard six minutes
before he even started shooting the
concert even a spokesperson of the
Mandalay base of this we cannot be
certain about the recent timeline that
has been communicated publicly and we
believe what is currently being
expressed may not be accurate yeah so
even the Mandalay Bay is like I don't
think that's how it went down well then
at a press conference the sheriff
started saying one thing and then
changed it halfway through seems like he
let something slip question is was he
was the security officer shot before the
suspect was shooting into the crowd the
answer to that is yes we believe he was
shot I'm sorry that we believe that he
was shooting into the crowd and then the
security officer was shot during that
event as of yesterday sheriff Lombardo
confirmed Campos was shot first
that was metros first official
announcement about the inaccurate
timeline yeah we were right like it just
felt definitely like he let it slip and
then he's like oh fuck well another
thing
weird that I haven't heard that many
people talking about is it Stephen used
the service elevators and that's why
supposedly he's not on camera anywhere
sources being briefed on the
investigation confirmed paddock had
access to and used Mandalay Bay's
service elevator in the days leading up
to the attack yeah the service elevators
that are for employees and janitors and
workers why is Steve I was just staying
if i Hotel using a service elevator
possibly because they're bigger and
because he could get more guns through
them and also why is there not security
cameras in the service elevator you
would think that's exactly where they
would put it to make sure employees
aren't fucking around either way there's
so many inconsistencies in the story and
it's not even conspiracy theories at
this point it's literally questioning
why all of this happened and why all of
the answers don't make sense so I'm
gonna keep looking into this I'm gonna
keep talking about it out of respect for
the victims because I want to know why
they died I want to know why it has
happened and I want to know why more
people aren't questioning it okay now
let's move on to something a little bit
lighter we're gonna be talking about it
why Disney stars go crazy Miley Cyrus
when she started Disney and then Miley
Cyrus later Selena Gomez when she
started Disney and then recently Demi
Lovato when she started up his name and
then later Vanessa Hudgens when she
started Disney and then later and then
of course bella thorne when she started
Disney she was this little pretty
princess and now she is literally making
out with Tana mojo no there's been talks
about Disney stars losing their minds
for years it's become a joke at this
point a girl grows up on the Disney
Channel and she's clean and never shows
her skin and is always talking about
being the virgin and then a few years
later she is naked on a wrecking ball
and everybody's like Oh Disney did this
to them it made them crazy it made them
promiscuous or whatever I think there is
something deeper to it before I get into
that let me just remind everybody with
Selena Gomez literally queen of Disney
Channel said Disney is a machine and I'm
grateful for it a machine got it okay
let's get going now what does everybody
in Disney have in common a contract
every Disney personality signs a lengthy
contract that allegedly makes it so that
Disney
and owns them for a long time now if you
were in a contract that you didn't want
to be in anymore
how would you get out of it would you
sue no Disney will win would you ask
politely fuck no Disney would win but
what if you knew that Disney's brand was
wholesome and clean and virginal well I
guess if you started releasing nude
pictures of yourself or dressing really
provocatively or singing about sex
Disney might end your contract and then
you're free these Disney kids are smart
right they're not crazy they're not dumb
they're not just like going out partying
and like being idiots they're fucking
smart that's why they're where they are
so why wouldn't they purposely do crazy
provocative weird things online to get
out of their contract is genius let's
look at Duff Cameron so a while ago she
said this Disney is such an exceptional
group of people everybody that works for
the company is so kind and lovely that
it's like a big family and no one's
telling anyone to say that okay
interesting but then let's fast-forward
to look at some of the tweets that she
was liking if Doug does another Disney
show all understand Doug Cameron is
close to 22 years old
she can finish the sentence franchise
but that's the only thing she should be
doing for Disney Channel I want Duff to
drag me with music and movie
announcements I need her to shut me down
and then there's this one which goes
right back to what I said about the
contracts no matter what AB Doug Cameron
chooses to do I'll root for her she's
been giving off some lawyer vibes lately
flashed to me in the courtroom and she
liked that like she actually liked that
so here's what I think is gonna happen
this is more of a prediction and less of
a theory
I think Doug might slowly release some
sexy music videos and his sexy picture
on Instagram and maybe even a leak
somewhere and that Disney will cut her
contract and then dub be free I mean she
is friends with Bella Thorne so she
might be getting advice from there and I
am rooting for all the Disney stars do
it break your contracts get free because
nobody wants to stay working for a
machine okay so this next conspiracy
theory is incredibly touchy mainly
because it deals with sexual assault and
it's a
huge claim a former Pussycat Doll kaya
Jones claims that the Pussycat Dolls was
actually a prostitution ring yeah and I
know what you're thinking uh that sounds
like a rumor
no she tweeted this my truth I wasn't in
a girl group I was in a prostitution
ring oh and we happen to sing and be
famous
while everyone who owned us made the
money oh that is so scary but also not
that shocking sadly enough I mean we all
know that in Hollywood there's a lot of
that going on a lot of sex or money and
sex for jobs well then she tweeted this
how bad was it people asked bad enough
that I walked away from my dreams
bandmates
and a thirteen million dollar record
deal that we knew was gonna be number
one well then she did an interview
saying this if you're accepting an
opportunity for sleeping with your boss
or bosses or being propositioned that
it'll go further if you do this what's
the difference between a job opportunity
and cash now after people started
talking about this and it became a thing
the woman who created the Pussycat Dolls
came out and said something super fucked
up kya Jones was never a member of the
Pussycat Dolls but simply a pussycat
reject who's looking for her 15 minutes
of fame yes yes now listen I don't know
who I believe in this situation but it's
not a shock to me I mean we've talked
about this a million times before
Hollywood is so fucked up and there's so
much sex and prostitution and child
molestation so much going on that the
idea of a girl group actually being a
prostitution ring is not that crazy once
again a theory not a fact don't sue me
but Hollywood is gross I mean remember
in the last video we talked about the
fact that Selena Gomez is going to be in
a Woody Allen movie who allegedly is a
child molester well then this came out
Woody Allen's new movie includes a
sexual relationship between an adult and
a 15 year old child that's what the
movies about a child molester is
directing a movie about the child
molester
starring Selena Gomez haha it's just
it's all so fucking gross
okay I feel like we really need to
lighten things up so let's switch topics
now we have talked about alternate
realities for a long time the idea that
maybe we're living in a matrix and maybe
little things change that affect
everything and maybe nothing's real at
all
well then this happened and it triggered
everybody and everybody's like oh my god
we're living in a matrix now this is
from a basketball game and well I'm just
gonna show it to you first
okay I know one first viewing it's like
what's the big deal they all just ran
the same way but really look at it I'm
gonna zoom in a little bit notice that
all of them at the same moment turn and
run at the same time they even run on
their same foot watch do you see that
mean the more you watch it the weirder
it is
I mean it's weird right it's literally
like to all of them
they didn't even communicate it it
wasn't like everybody's like run it was
like I mean I know it sounds funny and I
even laughed when I saw this trending on
Twitter but the more I watched it the
more I was like this is weird once again
do I think that's proof that were in a
simulation no I think it was a weird
coincidence but then there's this okay
now I'm gonna ask you a question and you
answer it what is the order of the
lights and a stop light now I'm guessing
you're thinking red orange and green and
you'd be right that's what Apollo the
stop lights are except for in one place
where they're the opposite that's right
green orange and then red now this
specific stoplight is New York on
temporary Hill temporary Hill is the
home of the upside down traffic light
now there have been tons of urban
legends about why it's upside down
there's even one about evil leprechauns
throwing stones to break the lights over
and over again and then they were
replaced wrong I mean that's it's
actually crazy to me but there is one
theory that ties all of this together
and that is the theory a temporary hill
might be section or a center point of a
parallel universe or of a simulation so
we talked about me and del FX right
there's little things that we remember
one way but we see that the other what
if the stoplights are a Mandela effect
what if they did use to be upside down
like that but what if when everything
changed in our simulation they all went
to red at the top but then what if in
this one is section they didn't I mean
think about it we all know about the
Bermuda Triangle I mean in that location
alone is 75 planes and hundreds of ships
have gone amiss so maybe that's an
intersection to of a parallel universe
and maybe Tipperary Hill is another one
oh my god what if you went to tipperary
hill and you went to like a bookstore
and what if they had a big steam bigger
book there well maybe I'll try to do
that okay now we're gonna end it with
this now this is kind of funny but also
driving me crazy and that is the
conspiracy that Jake Paul is trying to
ruin my life
okay that's over the top but he might be
trying to
with me all right so here's that one
down I posted a video called confronting
my first love now if you look at the
thumbnail it's me sitting with her in a
car having an uncomfortable conversation
well then in a few days later Jay Paul
posed this a conversation with my
ex-girlfriend
him in the car with her an uncomfortable
conversation okay maybe it's just a
coincidence maybe the thumbnail titles
are just similar but now look at a clip
of his video I was like yo let's link up
and she was down and so now we are about
to do this
uh-uh this should be interesting home to
Nathan make me nervous bro a little bit
all right now look at a clip of mine and
I said hey do you want to reconnect and
can i film it and she wrote back a very
simple like okay we are going to her
house all right let's see how it goes
what literally the same idea the same
way we express how nervous we were it
was also similar and then I tweeted it
cuz I thought it was kind of interesting
and kind of funny and then it became
drama Shane Dawson actually responded to
this drama kinda by reacting to Jake
Paul's video yesterday saying this Jake
Paul is coming for my brand not
clickbait showing that the thumbnail and
title is very similar to Shane Dawson
okay now clearly I don't care and like
it is what it is I think he probably saw
my video trending on the trending page
and you didn't know what it was and he's
like oh that's a good idea I'll do it
which is fine but this is where it gets
crazier literally I think a day after I
tweeted about this he puts up a video
called real exorcism on our possessed
friend now if you are new to my channel
you might not know this literally a
month ago I did the same video and it
wasn't just an exorcism of a friend it
was an exorcism of textbooks yo e that's
of
that competition show yeah that pester
Brooks Tessa Brooks from Team ten Tessa
Brooks who is with Jay Paul and the
worst part is Nick Crompton my cake was
in my video and in Jake's video he's the
one getting the exorcism which makes me
think what's this all planned are they
trying to make me crazy are they trying
to annoy me
all I'm saying is if next week Jay Paul
starts doing conspiracy theories I'm
done I'm just kidding I don't care I
thought it was interesting though and I
definitely think that they are trying to
fuck with my head well there you guys go
I just want to end this video on
something funny and stupid because it
was incredibly dark and well there you
guys go hopefully you enjoy these
conspiracy theories and hopefully they
made you think and question all right
you guys I'm gonna go make sure to give
this video a thumbs up if you want more
conspiracy theories also be sure to
subscribe my channel right down below
hit the notification about cuz I make
new videos every day and if you wanna
see all my other conspiracy theory
videos I'll put a link to a playlist
right down below
alright you guys don't believe
everything you see bye
