hey guys guess another new background
and yes it's still equity I'm sorry and
yes the rain is still fucking raining
but it's okay they can't rain on our
parade because today we're going to make
a balloon animals and none of them are
going to look like that I'll tell you
what they're gonna look like shit
they're going by actual donkey shit
it says there's 32 balloons in here
whose is i stickers a hand pump well
don't mind if I do oh wow
this is legit I feel like a clown okay
the rain is getting louder so what we're
gonna do right now you're gonna close
your eyes we're gonna pretend like we're
in ela readouts come clean music video
she's wet she's soaked she's running out
to her boyfriend in the car she gets a
text from the boy I want to break up
with you yeah what's she gonna do let
the rain fall down do it my anniversary
now open your eyes
you're not Hilary Duff you're trash
balloon animals okay so I'm hoping
there's like instructions yes there is
oh my god look at that little Queen oh
my gosh I can make a turtle you can make
a dragonfly I don't even know what that
is you can make a rabbit okay we're
gonna need the biggest deer oh my god
okay what's the easiest a swan okay
that's very easy so I just need one
balloon okay so I'm gonna make white
because swans are white right I don't
wanna rich you set up put in the nozzle
oh my god this is giving me like Lindsay
Lohan Oprah special realness so Lindsay
you know that runs anymore no ha ha all
right so I guess we just oh shit oh my
god it's working I didn't even have to
watch any animal forms
oh it's getting me yeah yeah oh thank
you this thing yes okay I'm gonna stop
it there no you keep going why not why
not why not it's episode brought to you
by Hilary Duff's amazing music not Sparx
okay so special ah good good that
reminded me of the PE teacher with a
whistle and I was like woo I know I
can't climb the rope bitch I'm 400-pound
yes
now that we have our hot goals we are
going to split in three sections oh god
I'm scared okay
mmm one okay I get it and then - oh okay
all right we doing it okay smell three
oh my god
nope fuck okay now what okay you're
gonna keep this and then you bender fuck
you do that Oh
oh my god this is giving me serious
anxiety I'm just waiting for that pop
and this one I mean this'll look as much
like a swan and it does as a vagina with
a very extended clearest I guess it also
could be like woo I can see a hipster
wearing this or it's like a fall okay
success my first balloon there's a pubic
hair on you can see that but that is a
successful pubic hair balloon alright
let's try something easier it's easier
than that okay no I was really harder
and I'm gonna make it fucking happen
we're gonna try dear alright so I'm
gonna make him orange by the way
question I've always had our reindeers
real because some people say they're not
some people say they are also some
people are on drugs the rain is very
excited about my neck
all right in big imagine if that's not a
sounded in the bedroom
oh oh here come better let some air out
of it oh my god it's kind of like when
you're playing there's something bad and
just kind of like hanging out and then
like a commercial for my 600 pound light
comes on your license it's exactly like
that
except the opposite cuz it makes me hard
okay so to make the deer I have to make
nine little circles cheer for oh okay oh
God wha uh oh my god okay one unit you
got one more chance bitch keep spinning
do it
no wonder clouds are so fucking angry
okay good
all right y'all I'm getting real angry
it's sweaty
okay little parking little girl don't
work I'm just gonna keep spinning oh my
god oh my god oh my god it's gonna break
its gonna break I'm so scared I hate it
I hate this huh oh my god oh my god I'm
scared it's going oh it worked okay now
I'm good
no I'm not scared anymore I'm a fucking
pro I got the shit yeah fucking slay the
balloon game please what's wrong with
being confident back fuck it I'm not
doing this shit you know what though I
hope with some eyes on it and I'm gonna
make something out of her boom it's
plankton you see that kids there you go
happy fucking birthday oh no make some
out of this - boom it's a white painting
look at spongebob happy fuckin birthday
kid alright before we go I'm gonna try
one more thing I feel like a dick is
easy to make oh my god something you
don't want here plastic surgeon say I'll
see you here for your sexual reassign
surgery okay I think it's really easy to
make I'll make it real quick let me just
get my balloon get alright so makes them
halt wait I did wrong shit a dick is
hard to make alright we'll make a pussy
we'll make it work
Oh I mean she's infected she need to get
that check I don't know if this is a
little skin tag she can get removed
there does go those are my balloon
animals I'm really proud of my babies I
feel like they grew up to be really
pretty and I can't wait to throw this
fucking kid away aren't you guys hope
you had fun ballooning with me sorry
about the rain I make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
it is a physical day and I'll see you
fucked up balloon animals tomorrow like
I've ever kissed somebody at a Funeral
and then you get that that's not gurbin
down and then you get like this tears
dripping down and it's like a salty
sweet mixture and not in a good way not
a Chex Mix way but in like I can never
kiss you again way because I'll be
thinking about sick I don't do that
