hey the big guys yes today's another day
what we're going to let out all of the
emotions that we pulled in on a daily
basis actually no we're not gonna do
that because I would be too much motion
I'll be too many tears I've already seen
a rainstorm this week I'm ready for some
dryness today we're gonna be watching
videos that are going to hopefully and
make us cry and by hopefully I mean
they're not because I have no feelings
so I thought it'd be fun if we try to
proposal videos I have never cried at a
proposal video mainly because all I see
is the end result which is divorce death
sadness somebody cheating somebody
finding out the husband was actually on
trogir you know just like typical
marriage things but today we're going to
see if I can change that side of me and
have a heart alright so let's go to
youtube and type in sad proposal videos
actually no those are gonna be videos of
girls saying no which is everything but
this is not a try not to laugh this is
drive to breath okay this one is called
best engagement proposal proposal that
will make you cry oh I already I think
when people timeout their hellos wait
what his name is guess I'm not gonna say
what I've seen their future but I feel
like I'm I see Jeb you on tinder swim
alright that's morning geez what about
the fucking ring your whole life when
the fuck did you meet her day care in
the womb oh my god a brother and sister
have a baby huh
great perfect you're speechless you
don't know the fucker saying perfect for
us we just get to sit here watch you
guys go I don't know what Zumba is
magazine love all this Jose Gibbs
what was he got a girl gonna have a
tissue paper rock come on
get a close-up of that room ooh Gibbs
well if this video goes viral you should
you know take that money buy bigger
work' all right
ooh-hoo I don't like crying kiss you
know I'm saying like have you ever
kissed somebody at a funeral and then
you get that that's not written down and
then get like a Sears driven down and
it's like a salty sweet mixture and not
in a good way not a Chex Mix way but I'm
like I can never kiss you again wait
cause I'll be thinking about sick I
don't do that that I what she was
speaking Java walking she was speaking
Star Wars stuff fuck does she said
everything has been sleeping I think she
said why are you filming this
why couldn't have a moment to ourselves
why could this have been a private
affair why did you dress up why you
wearing your goodwill shirt she's saying
one of those things okay
just goes fast forward up with the right
now on okay well I did not cry it made
you sick no it's just like the thought
of the crime in the kiss with the
kissing in the the snot bubbles it just
it may be sick so if this is the try not
to get sick challenge I would have lost
all right let's watch one more because I
was long all right this is called the
best marriage proposal of 2015 warning
will make you cry or that before
they're all began okay okay I'm assuming
these are like family members killing a
queen killing it face giving face what
I'm really sorry change my password I
have been very suspicious absolutely
right wait what happened I'm a little
scared of what's happening right now
who is this is this my therapist is this
a session because I did not hate this
where are we how do we know this many
damn people if I had a marriage proposal
video you know who would be five five
people probably me like a family member
Trish and drew my dog Lisa it'd be weird
but we're still friends
how does this motherfucker to the whole
town oh dude he's like I'm keepin his
ring I'm gonna polish it all bed and
take it away from King oh he gave a
little like ballerina why are they
publish she don't give us fuck
then give me out of Subway oh my god
what if somebody was just like and it
shook that shit far away like somebody
who like opposed to the wedding event
you shouldn't do this this is the only
way I'm gonna get you to not do this
then you look at her garden healthy
we're back in therapy wait hold on is
she proposed into a man call me
old-fashioned but that's a little
interesting and I'm okay with it
or she loves me and in that case I'm
really okay with it I'm a little
confused though I mean keep watching
it's a good read this person gotta say
yes oh oh by the way just sign up if I
was that lesbian and I got this video in
my email and I started watching it I
wouldn't finish I would get that ends
like this and be like girl why you show
me everybody in the neighborhood why you
show me the black party girl why show me
subway get to the point
I wouldn't expect I would not expect
that to be a wedding proposal I like
expected that to be like I don't know
like a chain letter and I would have
deleted oh but we need you to see her
say yes whoa that's giving me like
evanescence like a highlight like a
lesbian Twilight what a bit I'm so
fucked up but what if it ended with text
it was just like she's a very left Oh
what are you guys gonna drive out to cry
proposal challenge let me know the other
comments if you cried I'm guessing you
didn't I'll give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe or Sonic and I will see
you little wedding rings tomorrow
I lived in a motel for like a week long
story somebody died in the room next to
me also in the shower somebody Sharpie
I'm watching you
I'd say that's a moment that made me
start showering with clothes on but it's
not
