hey it's up you little hackers today we
are going to be doing some hacks figure
pimples now I know what you're thinking
Shane pimples are a part of life why do
you want to get rid of them
pimples make you beautiful your face is
the galaxy the pimples aren't the stars
but today we're gonna be talking about
how to get rid of that and cover them up
I have a pimple on my eye I don't know
if you can see this it's right there and
I have popped in about eighty seven
times and she just gives out go back and
more so I've tried every single kind of
cream for my high nothing has worked so
maybe it's an STD or maybe these hacks
will work okay first one is put egg
whites on it now listen this is not
gonna look good I'm gonna beat around
the bush this is gonna look like a
facial and I'm not talking about spa
this is gonna look like one of those
videos you've seen a pornhub and you're
too scared to click it we're not trying
to have that today okay so I crack the
egg open uh-huh and here we go how am I
gonna do this you oh my god resin put it
on my eye I do it for the half dude red
hat can't even get ahold okay okay okay
I got it oh my god I mean if I didn't
have an STD or a pink guy before
definitely we got it down okay oh god
listen to it now you know exactly in the
thumbnail I'm talking about unborn up
you know what I'm talking about okay
please work out first okay oh my god any
what's wrong
all right let's see if it works that
made it worse I mean maybe that's not a
pimple what is happening I feel very
very good about the next one because
this one is like science and shit now
this one you're supposed to take some
Advil liquid kills they take one of the
little capsules we're just going to pop
it open Wow yeah okay
oh that's poisonous all right so you
just drip it out like that put it on
your finger feel like this could make me
blind feel like you're not suppose
actually put out your fucking eye all
right but we're gonna try it anyways
because we're scientists okay here we go
all right song mmm burning a lot Oh
oh maybe I should just embrace my pimple
I'm a star hurt kick my mouth is going
up oh my god oh oh my god oh oh no okay
a genomic alright I sure thought that
one would work but instead it just made
me burn and maybe lose all feeling in my
mouth this next one is banana peel who
the fuck made these up alright so you
take the peel you got to make sure it's
all goopy and weird
me and then you just wipe it on the
problem area woo this feels good I like
this oh it smells good Oh God I just
realized what I'm doing with my life
alright leave that on for a little bit
it looks like I've I brought dandruff
which I actually do I had to get cream
for it stop talking about it I'm gonna
let that sit for a few minutes and we're
gonna see how it looks okay it has been
a few minutes and let's see no it's
still there but honestly call me crazy
but it looks a little better right
alright I think we're getting somewhere
I think we're close this next one um
actually it's proven to work and this is
using Visine eyedrops now I also have a
pimple on my arm and I feel like let's
give this pimple a break right there
okay so let's just put a couple drops on
it and it's supposed to make the redness
go away I'm gonna leave this on while
we're doing our next hack on my eye and
then we're gonna look back at this at
the end of the video I mean being a guru
I'm proud of myself
alright this next one is mixing up
yogurt and honey which by the way sounds
bomb right now I love when people think
they're healthier like you know every
morning all I eat is some Greek yogurt
and honey and nuts girl that's a
McDonald's parfait that's a thousand
calories you might as well just need a
fucking plan our pancakes bitch oh I
like the sound of that okay so then
we're just gonna Oh little bear Oh
used to be my best friend and then my
enemy when you run out oh I love the way
honey pours it's really random things I
love but you know me I don't love much
oh look at how it uh oh
it is gonna fucking sick though if you
think about it like I'm pouring it out
of this braid God ever so it's not
people worked feel like Farrah Abraham
has a lot of sticky in a brain look if
you cut it open and just be a big old
sticky mess alright so we're just gonna
mix this up blue
but that smells good oh my god that's
everything I'm very low standard food so
I guess we were just going to pour this
on my eye this is gonna look worse than
egg whites isn't it yep okay all right
here we go
all right oh my god I can't wait for
gifs and memes oh god all right it feels
well it doesn't feel good feels sticky
and cold but I can feel something
happening I'm not gonna lie feel it
tingling I feel like I need a selfie
perfect I'm gonna send that to my mom
and say proud of me yet all right it's
been a few minutes I'm going to take
this off
all right here we go the big reveal nope
I think if anything I'm making it much
worse oh my god I am it's starting to
get one of those little heads on it huh
she's a lady a ham oh he'll be cute like
if my little pimple turn into a person
like a friend like a deta
I could delete all my apps I mean I've
already fed it a lot tonight so I think
I'm gonna get fucked all right last but
not least rubbing Tomatoes on it now
this one is very stupid but that's what
we're here for
all right I don't have a knife so I'm
just gonna so nasty I don't believe
anybody was like oh my god I could just
eat a tomato that it was an apple you
know just bought into it
fuck you you're such a fucking liar
those are the same people who are like
oh no I never wash my hair my hair just
cleans itself
her hair's fucking dirty and you smell
like rats fucking fish head I'm so angry
I think it's a pimple we're getting it
out of me okay let's uh put this one on
my own good all right and now it says
this one might burn too because of all
the acid in it so I'm ready ready to
hurt I smell like a buffet and not a
good buffet I smell like a motel buffet
yeah she didn't give me the motel buffet
burps I lived in a motel no time did I
not tell you this story time I lived in
a motel for like a week long story
somebody died in the room next to me
also in the shower somebody Sharpie I'm
watching you
I'd say that's a moment that made me
start showering with clothes on but it's
not I've been doing that for a while all
right here we go wait a minute hold on
okay wait I might be slightly going
crazy and losing my vision because of
all these shitty things I'm putting in
my eyes but it's getting better right
did it get a little better I feel like
it did oh my god we're scientists
let's see how my arm is okay
the brand so now the guy's arm has had a
Visine on it for a good ten minutes and
let's see if it's not as ready and there
it is honestly I think it looks a little
bit better let's do it before and after
I think that kind of works I'm excited I
feel like that was a successful hacking
day Oh God that's what Fred uses it like
oh what a good ah let me know down in
the comments if you've ever used any of
these pimple hacks and if any of them
actually worked also let me know down
the comments what other hacks I should
drive next make sure you give this video
a thumbs up and subscribe cuz I mean
individual dating and I was a little
hackers tomorrow hi this is number nine
right mm-hmm
yeah we got this okay oh god I share
that experience of you
