hey if you guys yes I'm finally here
with RO my nerdiest of nummies first of
all kind of say before you just the term
Nam or none of you or any of that shit
made me crazy it couldn't stand it but
now you made me like it oh yeah I
couldn't decide on a show name I'm sorry
geeky goodies food and then hearty
nummies I was thinking things are really
yummy
I do want a nom on them but I said let's
just make the words come together and be
nummy
this is hard for me I'm gonna try to be
clean today I'm gonna try to keep it
classy yours is giving me a lot of
material but it's okay alright what are
we doing we're doing a pop for a
challenge explain to them how this works
okay the popcorn challenge is very very
easy we are both gonna be blindfolded so
I have these really cool aviator
blindfolds and we're gonna be trying to
get ten different flavors of popcorn in
these cute little popcorn holders our
friends picked them out and they pick
the flavors so we have no clue what the
flavors are if you guess the flavor
right you get a point what happens if he
gets it wrong you know nothing happens
that's my life okay let's put on our
blindfolds and bring on the first flavor
laying on the corn okay it's raining
print let's try our first flavor I'll
pick him up I eat like a cache what does
that mean it's like a baby cow let me
try it I'm not the best at that I feel
like I get sauce in my nose
Oh hugs gonna be hard okay my first
initial instinct was just cheddar no
it's not I we should I'm not be giving
you tips we can talk about a little bit
but you don't have to tell me anything
you don't want to so it is therapy okay
I have a guess are you have a guess I
know it one two three
honey mustard relish what okay we take
them off oh my gosh your Gardens
boom boom bam bam Sheen's good at this I
could at once a number two look at me
smell oh wow a lot of flavor very good I
have no clue are you getting a lot of
aftertaste
like it's making your breath a little
funky okay is that him do I smell like
no this to me
brings me back to childhood I
remembering this place that I used to go
to actually a block most of it out they
would get weird sometimes with their
mascot can you smell this can you smell
their childhood I smell oh god is
breathing down my neck that's what I
blocked out sounds just like my dog
right before he died just like that
moment where he's like oh I'm getting
scared is that what yo that's why I'm
gonna sound like oh I know what this is
ready yeah
1 2 3 garden dick really yeah garlic
agrestic it smell like onions and garlic
honey cheese was my guy I was talking Oh
Chuckie Cheese I've never been there
good alright next one you ready yes
Oh weird it smells like peanut butter it
also smells spicy this one's not good
this reminds me of when you go to the
movie theater and they have those little
shaker things that you put on your
popcorn that nobody uses except for me
and I think I know what shaker it is I
know what this one is you ready yes one
two three Jane yo go hot Chili's hot
Chili's do I get a half a point half a
point half a point huh boy I did it
alright flavoring them for Lou its
candied oh it's hard it's chunky mmm
interesting I know what that is
it just figure saying the only thing I
know where the baking you know the sweet
ones and the only thing I know are the
nuts oh that's a beauty
1 2 3 good water back on you said better
so I thought everybody picked on ya I
said caramel pecan okay ready okay what
that's not a thing each get half a point
have a point Dean Dean Dean mm-hmm all
right number five were over the hump
we're halfway done
mm-hmm here we go Oh what is that sounds
like Mallick Sizzlers makes with
Hometown Buffet and Souplantation
I know what this is mmm I got some
seasoning oh my god I should drink it
every morning I just got confused
imagine a 12 year old 400-pound Shane
gets up in the morning mm-hmm start to
for yummy nummies mama died by now
mine is is a bottle of something
fridge if he's like people don't drink
this war in Japan Shane does screw that
bottle of French onion soup doing fatter
cheddar hahaha Velveeta one two three
white cheddar it tastes just like the
one from the store oh we're on
lucky number six I have a good feeling
about this one
hey you ready I have a bad feeling
feelings maybe the one I don't get okay
I'm smelling it and I cannot you oh my
god what is this
come on oh my god oh no it's this is a
relative of mine oh no he's not doing
well oh yeah that's him Oh salty sour
sack salty sour sad it just puts me in a
bad mood between a funk I have a guess I
think it's definitely wrong i I have no
clue actually know what it could be
right cuz I feel like this is something
that they would make not something I
would ever buy or anybody would ever eat
but you know one two three pickle what
wait yes did we do it it's what together
ah hey hey I'll take it it's in
parenthesis I'll take that the point we
are willing to flavor number seven but
I'm hoping it's apple pie it's very
specific yes if you can have any flavor
of popcorn what would it be your dream
flavor oh sorry I got really excited
it's a toss-up between cupcake and red
velvet nope oh that is not a boy that's
hot that's hot it's like a hot cheeto
why things are looking up for us here
all right now on to the next one and
right over there yes
Luis candy-coated oh it's sweet yes yes
yes a sweet treat oh this is so easy you
know what it is yeah I know it everyone
do it with you one two three caramel and
you said it like me what you didn't do
the whole caramel oh yeah
Carmel that's what is it all caramel Oh
Kurt wait caramel caramel I'm on the
we're right we're wrong Cardinal caramel
caramel latte cut everyone away hey
Rommel
go die okay I think this is number nine
right yeah we got this okay
oh god I share that experience Ania
we're bonded for life what is not I
don't know is really strong Cheers
okay oh my god what oh my god I hate it
you all I know what this is I think this
is my least favorite yes okay this is
that food when like your significant
other eats it and then in your head
you're like stop looking eating that
it's like it smell like it's seeping out
of your pores but you can't say that
this is what that is I don't care if it
kills vampires never ever eat this I was
just gonna say this could ward off some
vampires right here what's really
garlicky what food is like a breadstick
I feel like it's what's on a breadstick
so what's on a breadstick there's butter
garlic Farmington I kind of taste that
okay I think I got it I think that's why
this ready yeah
why thank you Hajong know what she said
no are you kidding me the hardest one of
you got it in the perfect order
we did we did it together it was tea and
really talk about really sweet that was
really sweet
we went real deep and we DaVinci Code a
bit yeah but we got there now we're on
the last Street and Shane yes you almost
have a perfect score like one of them
was the half but it's this is that you
got a lot going on right now if you get
this right it's almost perfect like just
half it's like getting instead of an A
plus you get an A and we don't give
those out a lot oh we don't do that a
lot here okay I'm usually an f-minus
I would give you a solid c-plus okay oh
no this smells like a meat I know what
this is Oh No
why do people keep thinking putting this
flavor on everything is gonna fix the
world it's not I actually think I know
what flavor this is because this meat
flavor is also in baking
in baking baking sweet bacon and making
me oh oh my god it has hit me no oh why
would you end it on that why would you
do that oh that's not good oh that's
like weird Oh Brittany concert she ends
it on a ballad I mean nobody wants that
Brittany I know exactly what this is and
I can't wait
to claim my winner ship are you ready
for that pretty beat the title it's a
big title to have a feel like you know
I'm the only one that's been able to do
it on this channel any good alright
ready wait where's your hand are you
okay oh my god they're so small finally
somebody smaller hands in me one two
three bacon cheese is there I don't know
yeah
that we get look at that that is bacon
cheese no matter this is not the same
thing hey I think we got it we just so
excited
oh my gosh I can give you the victory
trumpet now I mentally guess whenever
when I do a little a victory you know
what to do do I give you ready but it's
an ear trumpet congratulations to Shane
the victor of the popcorn challenge i
won i what did I get I was like nine and
a half nine and a half to six before and
even magistrate I think I was six I
think it was nine and a half to six
which is amazing I think that's one of
the highest scores that we've ever had
of this game - like you're pretty good
at this I'm really excited but if you
want to see me fail go into her gym
nutty mummy where we make up okay ball
you're gonna be bad if I'm a part of it
it's gonna be so yummy no you're gonna
do you're gonna do everything I'm just
gonna stand there and make look well I'm
making him doing shit I look over to her
channel subscribe and give this video a
thumbs up and leave his comment letting
us know what food we should do next
because we're doing this again
yes and I'm gonna let you win no don't
let me win you have to be hard on me so
I'll get better
geez half-laughs dark hope your phone
with ugly phone with you
videos every day and I'll see you mom ah
but I'm thinking you know what today
it's the day to try new things here we
go first orange cupcake mmm
