top or bottom Oh God we're not getting
I'm getting into it ha ha I see you as a
power talk to the okay first of all
thank you you are like thank you yep hey
what's up you guys okay I am so fucking
excited today
it's sad that this makes me really
excited but I'm going to be trying
hostess snacks now first of all this is
not hashtag spons although I wish it
half that was I just love cheap shitty
sugary awful obese inducing snacks
I love eating the whole thing and then
licking the plastic wrap I love that
feeling and get after I eat them like
that instant cavity and then the instant
depression it's just childhood but I
haven't let myself have hostess snack
since I was well 400 pounds but today it
is a new day and I'm ready for a new
shade the fat shade let's do it okay
first we're going to try something that
I know I'm gonna like chocolate zingers
oh girl oh if this was tinder I give you
a super light I love these so much and
these do not get enough appreciation
these are the Melanie Martinez of snacks
like why you be the queen yet hello it's
me I'm seeing you since I was 400 pounds
in seventy oh my god first of all let me
just break her open whoo she's white
inside
oh it's crumbling everywhere not me to
care oh that smells like a birthday
party where I invited all my friends and
none of those motherfuckers came and I
got to eat the whole she cake bomb oh so
oh my favorite
okay here we go happy birthday honey
okay like a guy BTW mm oh my god I can
feel it in my teeth already oh I can
already hear the doctor say what
happened you were doing so good Shane
what happened oh my god zingers I don't
even have a zinger about it I don't have
a joke to make these are the shit and
this is the first time I'm gonna save
these look like next okay we're going to
try something
never tried and I'm actually nervous
because I probably not going to like it
and I feel bad saying that it's like
when you're in a new relationship the
person's like so like what's like one
thing you don't like about me and you're
like I love everything and then on the
inside you're like your teeth your teeth
that's how I feel about snowballs I just
don't like coconut I don't understand
how people poke a straw in and drink it
that's disgusting to me I would honestly
rather focus on my balls drink that huh
our balls filled with liquid or what
have you felt with are they not filled
with anything we should come on up
oh okay here we go these are just big
white ball very similar to mine all
right well first of all let's see what's
it I hate it the texture already is not
good that feels what feels like a tumor
oh this is what I'm afraid my back fat
feels like like whenever anybody hugs me
feel like they're like for you smuggling
snowballs okay let's break her no what
is that oh I got a little skin tag which
by the way oh they're right in today did
you know they have skin tag remover
'he's like you literally paint your
little skin tag with this liquid and it
burns it off why would you want to do
that you should embrace your skin tag
you should give your skin tag a name you
should make your skin tag a Twitter for
tagging everybody okay here we go I'm
gonna try the ship okay okay I hate this
moment it's like when you're on a first
date and you're like damn I'm feeling
this person another way or coming around
there I don't like to eat and then your
date goes
what kind of soups do you have today ah
bitch get out of the buggy soup oh this
I hate this this well this is a
disappointment this is I didn't know I
was pregnant and I wish I wasn't and I'm
throwing it away but it's okay because
she's by the windows back with some
gumbo honey buns
okay I've actually never had this either
mainly because whenever I used to get
hostess stuff I wanted stuff of frosting
or cream to me this kind of sounded
boring but now that I'm like
Rhona I feel like I'm embracing my
boring side alright here we go oh that
reminds me do you ever have like like
those days when you go to the donut
store like a Sunday morning your mom's
like ain't got one doughnut and then
you're like ha ha very funny but don't
get three and then you walk into that
store and all that doughnut smell hits
you and then you see her as she said
right in front of you she covered in
chocolate
she got that little pinwheel shape she's
easy to tear apart giving the chocolate
milk she made me feel cream she might
not be doesn't matter I don't judge oh
and then that's sad like a woman takes
it out with her tongs places it in your
hand and goes here I wish I was a kid
again cuz that lady's dead cuz she's
serving Donuts in heaven
oh nice run it help okay here we go oh
how did I miss this
how how not know about this this is the
making of a murderer
of food everybody talks about it and I'm
like I don't care I don't care I don't
care and then once I taste it oh my god
binge oh my god doing it so big look at
this thing
oh it's the size of my head oh my god
wait let's tear her in half oh my god
hear it listen to it
whoo she's not filled well is she food
yet she feel oh shit the cream shove it
will food
cinnamons cuts us off from the inside
this is getting weird sorry I'm real
excited hmm oh my god
this is what I wish like was you know
like every day you wake up and you have
a hostess but instead every day you wake
up in a crisis we can always dream
chocodiles chocodiles are
chocolate-covered Twinkies
I think I've had one of these a long
time ago I was born to like just the
plain old Twinkies
but the Twinkies don't got a remix and I
am ready to pop my poster do it alright
let's break it open all right coming
it's a climactic what I thought would be
okay but I'm so excited I mean it smells
just like I remember like mom screaming
at me because she found out underneath
my bed when I told her I was gonna be in
my weight watchers point oh just when
you think it couldn't get better another
one you ah that Britney Spears song
didn't make you pop your pussy enough
they got a Azalea on it actually no
doesn't offer comparison no this is Iggy
Azalea a girl by this oh this is good
mmm oh that cream is so creamy and then
I took on the out that's hard
and then that cake is a spongy I can
feel my body changing you know I mean
it's almost like that movie the clumps
remember when Andy Murphy was like
skinny and then I've never taken his
fucking hands you know like this big and
his neck like bullsh that's me right now
I'm actually gonna turn it to a baked
cupcakes so I've never tried these
mainly because they're orange flavored
and I'm not a big orange fan but I'm
thinking you know what today it's the
day to try new things here we go first
orange cupcake mmm all right not digging
the smell but I'm not gonna judge it on
the smell it smells like The Cramps like
crayons mixed with teachers breath I
know that doesn't make any sense but if
you smelt it you get it all right let's
break it open
oh okay I'm not mad at the cream there's
a lot of cream okay this is gonna be a
hard one to accept on the right except
it anyways listen if Caitlyn Jenner's
mom was 97 years old could accept
Caitlyn I could accept this orange
cupcake I call you my daughter Oh God
not accepting no stuck in my ways and
okay with it that was oh oh oh my god
mmm no oh I need something to make me
happy you found it I love how simple
life is whenever you're sad or depressed
food this is the last thing we're going
to try it's so excited because I've
nothing forever these are those little
fucking comas and this is how I use TVs
I'm gonna do it anymore my fingers of
you know come bigger is I've gotten
older but I used to put them on each
finger like this
whoo nail hat and that way I could eat
them really fast really efficiently and
really sad when you look at it here we
go
that took me back that's giving me the
feels right I feel like a five again I
can see Blue's Clues on the TV I be her
mommy having a breakdown in the back
room I can hear my dog coming up next to
me actually know what he was dead who
was that him maybe that was a demon - it
is doesn't matter
oh good Oh guys on that note I'm a dirty
dirty boy and I've got some bad things
and I am ready to clean up the evidence
you never brush my teeth again good you
guys go hopefully you enjoyed eating
with me I enjoyed eating with you leave
me a comment letting me know where I
should eat next also give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe let me know news
it is Canadian and I'll see you little
hostess next tomorrow do they just like
one type of dick like what is the dick
they like like this
like is this what they like I don't have
this I have this and most people have
this and this is fine
