hello my name is Alexis jeez all and
welcome to bomb.com the show where I
react to things that are blowing up on
the Internet
but for this week's episode I went over
to my Twitter at Alexis she's all and
asked you what you would like to see me
react to that is in the vein of
something spunky something spice and the
reply that stuck out to me the most was
this human being who suggested I react
to BuzzFeed videos now BuzzFeed seems
supposed to approximately 5 million
videos every single day and the titles
just keep getting weirder and weirder so
I thought it's about time that we delve
into this little corner of the internet
and see exactly what is going on over at
BuzzFeed also what we're in this part of
the Internet I'll just throw a quick
question out there that I do not know
the answer to what does BuzzFeed me are
we talking about bees eating and half in
this instance we are not talking about
the food that easy it is incredibly
unlikely you won't be able to find a
BuzzFeed video that does cover the
subject whoa let's dive it computer here
opening YouTube typing in BuzzFeed ok so
one of the first BuzzFeed video that we
are going to dabble a bit with today is
people try drinking their own pee for
the first time oh my gosh it's like
BuzzFeed is starting to parody itself ok
there is no scientific basis so they're
just gonna drink their own urine and see
what else
so are they going to take it like like a
quick shot oh they are
well this is a very high stakes drinking
game it's gonna happen Oh drinking it ok
so it seems like no one so far is like
super digging it I don't think it's
really gonna become a part of their
daily diet my reaction to people
reacting to their own pee ok I'm gonna
quickly interview myself to see what my
thoughts are on that video Alexis out 5
stars how much did you enjoy watching
people drink their own urine Oh God give
a solid three-and-a-half stars I mean
it's no clueless but I have no Kate I'm
Alexa
if given the opportunity would you drink
your own urine on camera oh no likes if
given the opportunity I would definitely
not drink my own urine on camera that is
a private thing I save for myself thank
you
seems a little blasphemous to be putting
it out there on the internet for all to
see moving on to the next BuzzFeed video
the next video we're going to be
watching is guys try on ladies underwear
for the first time and as someone who
has won a lot of ladies underwear I'm
interested to see if they agree that it
is way more comfortable oh yeah make my
butt look good yes thank you for having
your priorities in line when trying on
underwear I love how seriously they're
taking this and they're not being all
weird about the fact that it's girls
underwear they're just appreciating the
beautiful fact that women's underwear
does make you bulk oh my god okay so
they actually got some thongs in today's
OOP it feels like I'm putting on nothing
yes exactly that's the beauty of a nice
thought before watching this video I
have no idea how absolutely enthusiastic
I am about women's underwear I love the
stuff I take pride in my underwear and
the choice of underwear that I wear and
put upon my body let's continue watching
this video not I'm aware of my vigor and
passion for women's underwear wash as a
classic teenager on the internet would
say I'm living for the looks at their
serving and I am double living for the
confidence they are wearing throughout
their entire being the final is good
video we're going to be indulging in
today is titled people who hate cats
leaked kittens honestly watching this
video I'm just happy to be here because
I like both people and kittens so I hope
everyone gets along everyone gets a hug
and a rainbow and a kiss on the cheek
consensually what's in the box always a
question I like
before opening a box oh yeah these are
10 out of 10 cats not numerically but
raiding system wise so one of the people
here who hates cats reacting to kitten
says some of the remain and some of them
are cool some of them are mean but some
of them are cool so my theory is that a
lot more so than dogs cats have a very
similar attitude to human beings I mean
some of them are cool some of them are
mean they play a little bit hard to get
there not all over you in love with you
obsessed with you they kind of have to
warm up to you feel out the vibe see if
they're into it versus dogs are just in
love with everyone
dogs are sluts if there's anything wrong
with that live your life your bodies
your body do what you want with it girl
or boy anyway that's my theory on cats
gotta love a good ball and that is also
the final BuzzFeed video we are
indulging in today I'm gonna go to sleep
bye thank you guys so much for watching
this episode of Bob hell do didn't hit
you with our awesome internet shrapnel
if you enjoyed give it a thumbs up and
head on over to my channel check out the
latest video that is there I tested out
and fucked a boy product to see how my
body would react and a lot of things
happened or shouldn't I do you watch
BuzzFeed videos and if so was the
weirdest BuzzFeed video you have viewed
with your eyes I will see you all next
week with a brand new episode of on calm
Zog
