hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck new my name is destory
and I have a new editor for these videos
his name is Tommy really sucks at his
job Tom did you just edit a fart sound
over my voice fucking hate that guy this
is what about news we talk Tom this is
the wrong music man this is not right no
no this is work
Tom okay whatever this book about news
we talked about the really weird news
that you might've missed in the last
week just does not feel right without
the right music obviously the first
thing that I have to talk about today is
the tragic passing of legendary music
artist David Bowie after a long battle
of cancer at the age of 69 David Bowie
was not only a genius at his craft but
transcended the boundaries of music to
the point of recreation of a genre it
was a wholly talented person who not
only accepted his weirdness and
uniqueness but promoted it and showed
the world that it was okay to be
different and dream big whether you
loved him for his music or his work in
movies like the labyrinth with the
pristine well he will be greatly missed
he will live on forever this world with
everything that he gave to it also in
sad news after Alan Rickman passed away
this last week also from a long battle
with cancer at the same age of 69 most
of us know his work as the magnificent
Professor Snape from the Harry Potter
movies once again the world is lost
another one of its great talents and you
will be greatly missed so really really
sad but I'll do some actual what the
fuck news the Golden Globes award shows
last week and some of the highlights
from the show was the moment where
Leonardo DiCaprio accidentally touched
Lady gaga
and reacted like this
oh god that is beautiful
probably though some people think the
Leonardo DiCaprio was being a dick
somehow but you know as a guy I think
what really happened here was he looked
at the booty and just really did not
like what he saw something was wrong
with the booty maybe it's flat or like
misshapen I don't know but if we okay I
win an Oscar for anything else can we
just give him an Oscar for this reaction
when this reaction is timeless you can
pretty much add this reaction to
anything and it just makes it better
your ex TechSoup just said this face
when you sit down to pee and a little
bit of poop comes out so yes I do sit
down to pee it's not weird but just in
case it is I have a perfect reaction
picture for what you probably just did
yep it goes with everything
also the Golden Globes the oh so
wonderful oh so sexy my future wife
Jennifer Lawrence came under some fire
after she was being interviewed by a
reporter when this happens how did you
see yourself for their whole life behind
your phone bro oh you're just knocking
it we can't do that I gotta live in the
mouth
sorry sorry sorry yeah how do you see
yourself for the Oscar tonight and how
was we're at the Golden Globes have you
if you put your phone down you'd know
that what everything whole thing
apparently was found out that the man
that she was talking to you was actually
not fluent in English and he was just
checking his phone to translate what he
wanted to say to her but since this a
ton of people have been getting her shit
for this essentially calling her a bully
for even calling about in the first
place firstly I don't think she was
trying to call the guy out I just think
that she was trying to be her usual
joking so then again I'm not overly
sensitive to every little thing like
most of the internet is that guy just
said the word gay but are you talking
about how happy is how insensitive bitch
even note the word gay means yeah yeah
this project is now another reason why
Jennifer Lawrence is just probably
grateful she doesn't have a Twitter you
know other the fact that if she did I'd
probably stalk her instead her tweets
saying let me taste your belly button
mmm I bet it tastes like strawberry
anyways I'm probably also jaded with
this opinion because Jennifer Lawrence
is Bay and she could literally probably
light a shopping mall on fire for no
reason and I'd still love her the last
ones of up news a man was arrested last
week after he delivered a pizza over an
hour late and then stabbed the customer
twice because he didn't tip him enough
actually I was a bit surprised when I
heard it was the Keats a guy that
stabbed the customer and not the other
way around
I don't know if you've ever ordered a
pizza online you know you're waiting
there you're super hungry ready to
fucking eat and then our walls around
the guy still isn't there and you're
about to murder someone because you're
so fucking hungry no just me cool I'd
murder someone for pizza I'm not ashamed
to say but the means of delivery man 31
year old Michael Parker stabs the
20-year old customer twice once in the
neck and once in the wrist who
thankfully survived the attack with only
a few stitches to show for it but as far
as the story goes you know man I get it
you want to go home a long day of
delivering snobby people their pizzas
man you can't be stabbing people you
have to do what most people in normal
jobs do think about stabbing them but
actually say you have a nice day sir and
also what amount of money would have
been the cutoff point for not being
stabbed you know like literally the guy
give him a $3 tip on an order that was
like $45 so like what would have
happened if you gave him $5 like would
it be like okay so this tip is still
pretty low uh but I'm only gonna stab
you a little bit yeah oh man yeah well
you should have paid me 750 that's the
cutoff point for not being stabbed go
set these prices all right side Dominus
can now use this as a way for people to
never complain about their pizzas again
because if they do complain they could
just be like do you want to get stabbed
No yeah one of our boys stabbed it guys
do you want to complain about your lack
of evenly spread cheese now No yeah so
shut up anyway his partner's been sent
to jail and was released on a thirty
thousand dollar bail and it's still
awaiting trial anyways that's it for
this episode of what the fuck news
question of the day for you guys is why
is my child's skin spicy damn it Tom my
real question of the day is what is your
stance on the Jennifer Lawrence
interview was she bullying the guy was
she just being playful will she end up
naked on my bed one day if you answer
something other than yes then fuck you
let me know in the comments down below
all of the day's stories as always or
the description down below as well as
all of my leaves also be sure to check
out my channel at youtube.com slash
captain destice or you can click this
annotation right here to check out my
news video it's the worst
Kjetil ever don't do it Tom you're fired
man I'm literally here by myself
let it go crazy that said I'll see you
next time for another what the fuck news
thanks for watching in Fairwick
