are you dating god this is Lotus this is
something I haven't talked about fuck it
let's talk about do it
yeah I was I was in kind of a
relationship why hey what's up you guys
so today I just wanted to do something a
little bit different and talk to you
because I have something on my mind I
don't know I just want to talk about it
and I feel like maybe you guys will be
interested or relate to it so I was
watching a video and it was a girl
youtuber who I really like and she
started making jokes about penises were
like gross and how girls don't really
like them that much and I've heard that
joke so much I mean forever a lot of
female comedians use that joke like Opie
nieces are gross girls don't even like
them like we don't want to suck them
they're so gross like they're disgusting
and my favorite comedian Sarah Silverman
catheter but all those people have made
those jokes and I'm like no I'm not mad
about it but I do find it weird because
I'm like okay why is it okay for girls
to make that joke all the time why is
that okay it's not okay if a guy did
that if a guy was like boobs are fucking
disgusting pussies misty if a guy did
that people would be like what a fucking
misogynist piece of shit asshole there
would be tumblr post about it bitch he'd
have to apologize on Twitter but when
girls do it it's like she's so crazy and
funny and like I was thinking that two
dicks are gross but then I got me into a
bigger question in my head which is why
do girls think dicks are so gross like
why I don't understand and do they think
they're gross or are they just afraid to
admit they like them because they're
like oh I'm so embarrassed that I like
this fucking hot dog looking piece of
meat with pubes on it like are you just
embarrassed to admit that you like it
like I feel like it's a weird thing like
it kinda reminds me of people who are
like oh I would never go to Taco Bell
oh no I would never I go to Whole Foods
but then like you put a Crunchwrap
supreme in front of them filled with hot
sauce Villa Baja sauce extra cheese on
the side and they're like mouth is
watering drooling a little bit oh no no
that's gross I don't like that I don't
like that I know you like that I can see
in your eyes bitch you like dick so
that's kind of the same way I feel about
it like I feel like girls are afraid to
admit it it's like people who are like
oh I don't watch TV you know I'm not
really a TV person I mean I watch
Netflix
that's TV that's TV Netflix is TV I'm
sorry it is dicks get used to them
they're gonna be around forever and this
once again I underst
and there's gonna be a lot of comments
being like Xin I'm pansexual I'm asexual
I'm lesbian I don't like Dixon I'm
allowed to not like this I'm not talking
about sexuality I'm talking about just
in general I feel like girls make fun of
dicks a lot lesbians straight girls
asexual everybody makes fun of dicks a
lot and I feel weird about it I like my
dick I'm proud of her she identifies as
female I'm proud of my dick yeah I'm
proud of my penis I feel like it took me
a long time to be proud of it I feel
like growing up in a culture where
everybody's obsessed with the size of
your dick everybody's obsessed with you
know when you go to the gym and you're
nervous like when you're in grade school
and you're nervous for other boys this
your dick is like oh maybe it's too
small or maybe it's too wrinkly or maybe
it has foreskin on it or whatever and I
feel like just in the last few years I
got to a point where I'm like happy with
it but then when you hear all these
jokes it does kind of bother me a little
bit like it does kind of affect me I
don't know I feel it makes me feel kind
of sad about about dicks and then I
think about all the young people who are
watching all the young boys who are in
middle school and grade school and stuff
and they're watching all these comedians
and they're making fun of dicks all the
time and they're gonna look it down at
their dick and be like well do everybody
thinks my tickers cross I don't know
it's interesting I'm just thinking about
it I don't know so once again I'm not
mad I'm not like hating on the people
magnetics I'm just trying to figure it
out because then I'm like okay wait I'm
talk about straight girls right now so
let's talk about straight girls so
straight girls who are like oh no like
dicks are gross like they're so gross
like never send me a dick pic like don't
take your dick out in front of me like I
don't want to suck it like you that's
gross but then I see those same girls on
tinder I see those same girls at the
clubs I said one let's be honest our
girl clubs I see those same girls
trolling for dick looking for dick
trying to find it so it's just so
confusing to me cuz I'm like do they
just like one type of dick like what is
the dick they like like this like is
this what they like I don't have this I
have this and most people have this and
this is fine and I feel like we should
all be okay with that
anyways let's talk about vaginas I like
vaginas I think they're beautiful I like
the way they look I like the way they
smell I like the way they taste I like
the way they feel I like dicks I like
the way they look I like the way they
smell that's a lie sometimes mine's
gross like hot cheetos but it's okay
it's an acquired smell I feel like let's
just all be more dig positive more pussy
positive you know more genital positive
let's just like be okay with everybody's
stuff I don't know Oh God
I just said is Feli talking about it cuz
that was interesting but let me a
comment let me know do you guys like
dicks girls I wanna hear from the girls
now do you actually think they're gross
and also when you say that are you
thinking about how the guy feels I've
never been in a relationship where the
girl has said that I don't think I've
never been in a dating situation or
anything with a guy or girl or whatever
I've never been in a situation where
they've said like oh I don't like dicks
never been in that situation so I don't
know like firsthand but I can imagine
like I see these girl comedians and
they're on stage and I'm talking about
dicks or gross I can imagine them going
back home and their boyfriends being
like well you're not gonna get this dick
okay so go fucking shove that Apple TV
remote in your pussy and figure it out
cuz you ain't getting my ugly I don't
know I don't know what else to say about
that
I was this fascinated intrigued and like
on tinder like our girl do girls put in
their bio like I love walking I love
candles I love American Horror Story I
hate dicks they're gross disgusting keep
them away from me hit me up like I don't
like do like what mom anyways
gonna go hope you guys had fun today I'm
talking about dicks and pussies I'll
make sure to give this video a big old
dick and subscribe because I put up a
new dick every single day and I will see
you little dicks tomorrow dick you know
what maybe it works let's try it out
I feel so smooth yes
