hey there guys yes it is another day of
us to try something stupid I saw on
Pinterest so it's not really popular pin
that was called the edible vos lip balm
now first of all II Oh s lip balms are
bullshit they fucking suck by the way
this is totally hot chick spot no it is
not and I do not wish it was cuz this
shit is gross first of all Miley made it
look so fun in the music video it is not
fun well so why did she have so many of
them she literally had like 35 I mean I
know the bitch thirsty better lips bat
chap and this chapstick fucking sucks
it's not even smooth it's not even food
ok I take everything back I just said
sponsz
this is good I lied I tried this like 2
years ago and I was very angry about it
but that was back when my lips were like
real Chuck and I think I needed like I
mean honestly I should just use Lube but
now that my looks you're like healthy
feeling this is ok but who cares we were
about to fuck it up anyways so what you
need for this pin is an EOS lip-balm
some what chocolate candy melts some
remove wrinkles and a microwave-safe
bowl which I have no idea if this is but
there's a giraffe on the inside and
that's fun ok so how we're going to be
this shit is first we got to take out
all of this mess so I guess we just like
chew it off we go alright
ugly Z o is making my teeth all slick
isn't that like a pageant trick I can
put it on your teeth and makes you like
smile real big a lot see if it works it
works it's terrifying but it works
alright so we're just gonna get all the
little extra shit out of there being a
pin master is hard work by the way the
picture on the box the bitch is not even
putting on her lips she's like fakie and
she's like you know why cuz she's like I
don't trust this shit I tried this like
two years ago it didn't work but guess
what girl few would have actually tried
it you would have been surprised
hashtags fun ok so now that we have our
little cleaned out fucking whatever this
thing is called we have to put some
white chocolate candy melts into our
bowl so far this is pretty fucking easy
which means it's going to get really
hard I'll save that ok
alright let's go
near ooh ooh that does not smell good
Oh what what is that what is this is
this actually candy or what is this what
is it made out of this mom like
deodorant I mean it's supposed to be
chocolate right Oh vanilla flavor made
in the u.s. sexy that's a problem with
it okay let's try one actually I judge
it too fast these are good mm-hmm
all these are good so we're going to
melt these in the microwave for now I
didn't read that shit 30 seconds look at
me give you guys a microwave shot really
stepping it up here on YouTube comes
lashade okay it's burning is it supposed
to smell like Axe body spray
cuz that's whatever okay so I think
we're supposed to give a little stir ow
oh okay not microwavable safe that will
draft just burn shit I'm just gonna
cover this bowl with an old shirt right
nothing it's melted whew okay it's
starting to work a little bit oh my god
this looks tasty I've never used that
word in my life what is this thing doing
to me this pin is turning me into my mom
start to do something like this alright
but in there a little longer
well that's microwaving let's talk about
microwaves
did you know they give you man tips
that's a fact look it up it works
alright should be done whoo
oh my god it smells burnt but it's okay
she looks pretty look at that
mmm mmm putting on my lips okay so now
that that is melted we're going to be
preparing our little fucking whatever
the fuck this is so what I want to do is
under put some sprinkles at the bottom
that way when you open up the chapstick
or should be sprinkles on it oh god I
love sprinkles so much oh my god Jesus
love sprinkles phone hmm
yeah those are actually not good note to
self don't get sprinkled in a crash
store oh all right so let's just pour
some of these in here whoo I'm actually
so down but I'm so excited about this a
billion is actually a collaborative fun
so we're just going to take some up this
melted candy and put it in the ball OOP
not too much shit yeah all right so we
got one half done and then we're just
going to put a little on the other side
like that and then I guess we just close
it all right our births who don't take a
little back room it's not supposed to
look like that but I don't hate it all
right so now let's just wipe off the
excess and buy wipe off and I mean like
off oh my god I wish everything tasted
like that everything if people tasted
like that it would be game over you
would never want to go in one of my meet
and greets people looking you all over
the place alright so I'm just wiping it
off off and there is our little baby so
now I just put in the freezer
and then we hope to god it fucking
worked and while that's freezing dad's
gonna make a bowl of whatever the book
this shit is oh my god oh yes oh fuck I
forgot they were gross damn it oh this
is going to be my cereal in the morning
whoo it's pretty oh look at that I think
my fat kid is not just coming out my
packet is eating his way up alright I
will put this in the freezer for like I
don't know an hour okay so my lip balm
has been in the freezer for like I don't
know 30 minutes and it is time to see if
it worked
all right definitely froze its shut oh
here goes your guts oh my god nervous
huh okay big reveal big reveal right
here we go the pin succeed oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god okay here we
go
um you know what it's not exactly what I
thought was movies it actually shit it
did not work damn it why did not work I
did everything right or I probably
actually did everything it man no
depressed here you know what I can fix
this I can fix this
hold on what I'm gonna do is I'm just
gonna scoop out okay and I'm just gonna
put it on top of that and then tada
God isn't she pretty look at her
this is the prettiest trash at the prom
you know what maybe it works let's try
it out
I feel so smooth yes it is giving me
hahahahaha give me Nicki Minaj realness
come on this is good I mean like Haryana
would do this focus on me focus on me am
her uh-huh
you know you don't fucking matter cuz I
should do that could you imagine
somebody about look like that is like
honestly I would be like that's my
friend or you guys go that fucking
didn't work we make comment down below
what other pins I should drink I'll look
at this video thumbs up and subscribe to
this video day and I will see you little
pins tomorrow bye
guess what I got you for Christmas Timmy
dope no I got you two dogs the ugly
little dog is in the world
Oh perfect I can choke on these and die
and get away from you
