hey guys yes today is another one of
those days where I went to Toys R Us and
somebody asked me oh you know for your
kids and I said nope just me yes that
grown man just a grown man with a
shopping cart full of weevils dinner by
oh okay so I have a bunch of toys so we
are going to play with them every time I
say it just gets more worse more worse
oh my god now I'm talking like a fucking
five-year-old Jurassic world to match my
dress suit Park poster behind me
although you can't see it so all you see
is like these little fancy arms okay so
this little guy it says Triana source
row it's a t-rex I don't know why I had
to read it like that and on the picture
it says try and even his little finger
going into his mouth which by the way is
a bad example for children because what
if they see a real transverse rex and
they're like oh I always will put my
finger in its mouth I know what you're
thinking Shane t-rex's aren't real um I
saw Jurassic world yes they are you know
what else is real my sexual feelings
towards Chris Pratt which I don't
understand because I'm not really
attracted in but for some reason I want
to just beat the shit out of me just
beat the fucking shit out of me and stab
me what was electrocuting things that he
puts on Raptors or we're talking about
oh yeah children's toys okay so let's
see if this works
do I just do it / oh my god scared me
okay I was not going to actually work I
mean let's try it again that is
pornographic she's doing Albany living
in bed Brooke she said help I have seen
a porn like that and it does not turn me
on oh yeah you like that if I was 12 I
put my dick in that not gonna lie
actually I put my dick in this the
camera wasn't on so what else does it do
is that it literally just chews on
things I mean who is this me oh my god
oh my god no it's gonna break the
fucking window whoo that's a close call
Fantasma magic so this is let's see
amazing magic that's easy to do oh my
god
okay I'm excited do you think it'll
teach me how to make myself disappear
that'll be great no oh God come for the
fucking top hat
oh is it one of those ones that it is oh
my god finally feel like myself
this is like my second coming out as a
magician okay so what do I do how does
it work okay let's see let's do one of
these tricks hold on look at this I
broke my thumb trick and then it just
shows you how to do that dumbass trick
that your dad all used to do because he
thought he was cool I just spent $25 on
the dad trick you know what I got the
Freak my dad bah I don't need a dad
trick to go along with it but let's try
it out
oh shit guys Oh No there's my thumb yeah
that was twenty dollars worse what are
the rabbit haha she knew oh it's a
puppet I'm gonna know some real magic I
just made you spend $25 Oh
I'll be your ally I guess I can put her
in the half look I just magically made
myself look even sadder comes with one
of those sticks what does it do
it's broken or maybe that's the trick
all right guys ready to see this it's a
brand new stick I just paid for it at
Target for $29 and it's broken and guess
what I can't return it because a little
reserved policy I'll be drumming but
it's this it's a little black and white
thing then I guess you pull it on it
okay
that's fuckin dope look at that living
in like my no limiting color for my
coming out video and the day after and
then when my family comes over for
Christmas I go back to oh my god what
the fuck did I just do actual fucking
magic because it's gone
okay this was worth the money the ugly
pet shop what - ugly pets inside that is
so sad first of all there is no ugly pet
only ugly owners
speaking of owners you know be more like
ty it's so cute how some owners of just
like their dogs that is not cute unless
you're the owner jiff palm who by the
way can go fuck off I'm definitely
already said this a bit more I'm Ally
hatred for that fucking dog like we get
it you think you're better than us Jeff
palm fuck you okay let's see who these
ugly dogs are okay what why would
anybody want this you know they're all
snotty and gross they look like actual
drug addicts like why would you want to
give your kid a dog on drugs if you want
to give them a real dog on drugs my mom
has some and I'm not kidding I have a
dog Tourette's
it actually has Tourette's the doctor
said I also have a dog who's clinically
depressed and I have a dog who's a
homosexual and I was saying that from
experience you know to me I mean I don't
know what I would do with it like if
you're a kid what are you gonna do with
that like choke on it guess what I got
you for Christmas Timmy dope no I got
you two dogs the ugliest little dog in
the world
Oh perfect I can choke on these in
die and get away from you Oh Oh
Christmas feels make your own erasers I
mean that's a fucking stretch from the
makers of make your own toilet paper and
make your own bed we have make your own
fucking erasers how could this be fun
why would anybody want to do this on the
bag says make fun scrumptious looking
erasers scrumptious that's the last
thing I need at school is for more
things to remind me of food school to me
was just eight hours of waiting to go
home I need a corn dog for the microwave
fuj by the way if you melt a piece of
craft single cheese on top of that corn
dog
miracles happen was in a while when you
are fat it's amazing okay how do we do
this so they give you a little mold and
then you just mold fucking eraser putty
inside of it we're only going to do one
of these because I want a sort of shit
and we are going to try to do a piece of
pizza no too hard all right we are going
to do this little piece of shit it's an
actual little piece of shit by the way
okay so you just tear this put it in
there these are very very hard not going
to work and then you just press it all
right see if it work yeah looks like my
shit that looks like my shit when I did
the Special K diet which by the way is
not a fucking diet that's like I saw the
show on TV the other night with this
girl she was like Peggy the chocolate
diet I'm like this is the other weekend
let me nadaya yes my workout routine is
uh that's a combination of Netflix and
chill and Roku and fuck no bitch is not
having a job alright one more thing Lou
this looks cool
okay this is a slingshot set and it
comes with little things that you can
knock over okay I'm fucking ready for
this this is my activity for the day
okay so
gonna set up these little fake hands on
a chair and then we're gonna sling that
shit all right here we go and oh okay I
got this okay this is not working out
fuck got it oh my visitors here alright
let's go hunting whoa we're bagging it
may be balls oh fuck me shit while you
guys go hopefully you enjoy the playing
with toys with me I enjoy playing with
toys with you make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe then I'm
going to do this today and I'll see you
little tules tomorrow do you think he's
like not even turned on he's just scared
like if I was in an elevator and I was
like oh my buddy seemed a therapist and
then I got nervous walking she was like
oh
titties I'd be like oh my god I'm have
part about this a lot there
