hey what's up guys it's Destry welcome
back to what the fuck five justice the
quality of being fair and reasonable
these are not my reading glasses justice
the thing that bad guys run from and the
thing that gives Batman a giant boner Oh
justice although sometimes justice is a
little harder to define so from a judge
preventing a man from having a
girlfriend to forcing a man to hold up a
sign for six years today's video we
count down the top five weirdest judge
sentences number one so in 2007 a man
from Toronto was arrested for beating
his ex-girlfriend and threatening to
stab her but not before turning the
knife on himself when the police finally
arrived after spending several weeks in
the hospital because he severed one of
his arteries he was also charged with
assault against his ex-girlfriend and
sentenced to not have a girlfriend for
three years seriously that was this
punishment according to the judge though
the exact punishment was three years
where he could not form a romantic
relationship of an intimate nature with
a female person which if you think about
it might have been the best punishment
ever
they just imagine the severity of this
guy's blue balls if he's at a club and
it's like hey I'm not wearing any
panties why don't we get out of here and
you can take me back to your place okay
fine let's go sir you're under arrest
ah but also like how do they even keep
track of it like did I have someone
constantly watching him to make sure
there's no flirting going on oh yeah
I've been there it's on a third street
right now we should go sometime no this
is your first warning it was that no one
don't mind him incredibly loud second
warning bra licking your lips staring at
her tits
one more you're out of here your creepy
motherfucker ass native as the
punishment was though the 24 year old
Stephen cranly actually assaulted
another girl a couple years later and
was in fast track to two years in prison
Wow way to go Stephen fucking Stephen
number two Daniel and Eloise Moralez
this man and wife couple of truly show
that even the worst people can find
someone to love while the rest of us are
stuck here with porn hub and a crusty
tube soft did I mention lightness fair
anyways Daniel Morales from Houston
Texas was busted after he stole two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars from
his County's Crime Victims Fund but
instead of sending him off to jail which
would have been way too easy
Daniel was ordered to stand out
busy intersection holding up a sign
saying I am a thief I stole two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars from the
Harris County Crime Victims Fund
Daniel marilla's for five hours every
weekend for six years holy shit that
sucks but I gotta say it's brilliant we
should just do this to all criminals so
maybe it'll teach them to not do crime
unless they want to be hilariously
embarrassed you smoked Matt sign you
sexually harassed a co-worker sigh you
peed in public
sign but eventually you just have to
move because everyone in your town is
gonna be like hey I know you you're the
guy who pees in Dublin right that was
one time what a loser
but apparently Daniel says that he
suffers abuse from people driving by and
sometimes even sympathized with yes
sympathize with the guy who stole a
quarter of a million dollars from a
crime victims fund
poor guy but let's not forget about his
equally terrible wife Daniel's wife
Ellis was also convicted of theft when
she was found guilty of embezzling over
$200,000 from the local district
attorney's office fortunately the judge
was not so lenient with Eloise as she
was forced to go to jail one month out
of the year for six years straight
complete 400 hours of community service
have a sign at their house that states
that the people that lived inside the
house are convicted thieves and she also
had to hold up a sign similar to the one
that her husband had to hold good god I
mean this is what justice gets kind of
dicey I mean do you think that the
punishment in this case fits the crime
or do you think she should have gotten
off easier do you think she should have
gotten off harder it's tough to say even
though this punishment is hilarious
number three Heidi cult so this one is
just hilarious because of how old the
lady is because usually you don't hear
of an 89 year old woman committing
destruction of property crimes so the
story goes in 2008 a German lady by the
name of Heidi Cole in the ripe age of 89
witnessed every day more and more cars
parking on the street leading up to her
house so what did this gentle
grandmother do oh you know just what any
sane person would do she went out with a
knife and slashed the tires of all 50
cars lighting down her streets full Yuko
grabbed up every single car which like
how I wouldn't really know but I don't
imagine tires are the easiest thing to
slash and we're talking about an 89 year
old woman like usually ladies that alone
can't even open a jar a jelly let alone
slash a rubber tire come on you son of a
bitch I didn't survive the Revolutionary
War to go out like this
so Heidi was quickly
sit and was interrogated which he
admitted to her crimes and was forced to
pay a giant fine but she stated that she
didn't have the money to pay for her
evildoing she was then sentenced to knit
sweaters for every person's tire that
she slashed which is totally it won't be
sent them totally this story except
honestly though how do they even enforce
this one two they also never mentioned
the quality of the sweaters that she had
admit so it could have been like high
tea thank you so much for my sweater I
mean and in no way helps the fact that
my tire is still slashed but thank you
hey what about my sweaters here you go
what the hell is this this is like five
pieces of string crudely glued together
I hope you freeze you son of a bitch
Stephen in your age to hover on my block
fucking scheming every assholes name is
Stephen apparently the last news at this
article at vertebra though he completed
the sweaters but had moved on to a
retiring home where she's probably
spending out the rest of her days softly
telling her friends Gertrude Wilfred and
Ruth about how she's a hardened criminal
while doing wheelies in her wheelchair
and smoking cigars number four Jesse Lee
Harold do you know someone who's just an
absolutely terrible parents like we're
talking Faramir from Lord of the Rings
dad bad we're talking star Lord's dad
bad we're talking Tywin Lannister bad
we're talking Darth Vader bad you get it
well one such terrible parent is 27 year
old Jesse Lee Harold from Virginia good
ol Jesse was driving in his car with his
three year old son when he got into a
car accident and usually when you get an
accident you stop you make sure
everyone's okay are you okay exchange
insurance yeah here's my information I'm
so sorry call the police and whatnot oh
yeah there's been an accident
well not Jesse Jesse decides instead to
get out of his car with his dead injured
three-year-old and just run off did you
go up to me time to piece out of this
bitch actually you scratch that don't
grab your coat I'm a terrible parent
let's go yeah just runs off good job man
real real good parent say was it worth
eluding the police for five minutes
yeah cars are registered to people I
don't know if you knew that so Bob
police getting called to his residence
they found his son there with minor
injuries and even glass in his diaper
Jesse's son was sent to the hospital and
jesse was quickly arrested but he was
landed with charges like child
endangerment a hit-and-run and also
driving under a suspended license also
in addition to just these crimes Jesse
had an extensive previous record getting
arrested in 2007 for another hit-and-run
after he was huffing an aerosol can 2008
for beating up a guy and again in 2012
for possessing cocaine also middle side
note the child that was with him and his
car wasn't actually his only child as he
has seven other children with six
different women Jesus Christ dude you
know what condoms are so on top of all
those other charges he was sentenced to
four years behind bars and forced to get
a vasectomy to never have children again
well done judge we need more people like
you as we all know you slice off one
head of a Hydra two more take its place
but if you slice the balls of a Hydra
that's a different story and probably
number five Michael chicken Eddie so no
Michael chicken Eddie is not an old man
slashing tires or an irresponsible
father huffing aerosol cans while
driving and Michael chicken Eddie is
certainly not an Italian mob boss as his
name kind of sounds like it would be but
it's instead in Ohio judge that is the
best example of using creative
punishments to punish criminals rather
than just sending them to jail it
actually was a lot of the inspiration
behind some of the cases that we
mentioned today but some of his best
sentences include forcing a woman to
walk 30 miles after she refused to pay a
30 mile taxi fee
forcing a man to donate twenty pounds of
dog food every holiday after he shot a
dog begging two teenagers lead a donkey
down the street with a sign that says
sorry for the Jackass offense after they
spray-painted 666 on Jesus forcing a man
to stand with pigs for two hours after
he was yelling at a cop and calling the
pigs and making a woman spend the night
in the middle of the woods alone after
she left some kittens in the same woods
and again these are just some of the
awesome sentences that mr. chicken Eddie
dishes out so if you want to check out
the rest of them you can check that out
in the description down below they're
brilliant though after being arrested
for soliciting a prostitute
this man chose public humiliation over
jail time this tough enough punishment
that you're never
ever gonna be doing some how you say yes
this team stole porn from an adult
bookstore I'm thankful that judge
chicken that it gave me an opportunity
instead of a jail time but that is it
for this episode of what the fuck five
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you did
make sure to give this video a like and
also subscribe to this channel I said
we'll be doing these every single week
my question the day for you guys though
is do you think that these punishments
were stiff enough or should they bit
more lenient so you think they should
have been more let me know in the
comments down below most before you guys
go make sure to check out my newest
video of my channel where I talk about
my favorite music it's literally twenty
six minutes long so it's not gonna hurt
my feelings if you don't watch the whole
thing but a lot of people assume that I
listen to a certain genre of music which
is not really the case I'm just gonna
spoil it right now my favorite song of
all time tiptoe through the tulips by
Tiny Tim got the songs such a banger man
check that video in the description down
below that's it guys I will see you next
time for another one to put five thanks
for watching and Fairwinds
