have you guys yes two things a load but
don't worry I still got the cotton dick
behind me I still got that horrible
Chihuahua painting and I still have my
horrible stuff so your wallet number two
it is raining really fucking hard this
week so all my videos are going to be
very loud also it's very echoey in here
so I need to figure that shit out the
fucking let's start eating also my
tinder bio ok so today I have a bunch of
Asian treats ok I've tried Asian food
before well there's a lot of how to try
so I don't want to offend anybody but
I'm probably going to offend everybody
so I had somebody go and pick up a bunch
of random ones I have no idea what's in
this brown bag but I'm fucking ready for
it literally me at school every day
after mom packed my lunch
ok what's gonna be a no you're not my
son
feed your damn self I love mom ok first
here once you try what why this is
playful I don't know what that means
it's this little black ball with crack
eyes and he's taking little green chips
and the actual candy wait what oh wait
the description says naughty original
quail egg I don't know what that means
how was it egg naughty I mean I had
cracked open an egg pour and there was
like a dead little bourbon and I didn't
think I was naughty that was nice it was
almost like I gave birth like I didn't
have to raise it okay so let's try this
very nervous oh okay the company's
little plastic bag oh they're squishy
this is what it looks like when you go
to the doctor with like stomach issues
and like okay so go shit in this bag and
then bring it back to us and Sharpie
your name on it but first of all I got a
shit if I have this shit I wouldn't be
here
second of all I can't shit okay and then
he goes oh and don't over shit like just
shit like enough for us to get a sample
like what does that mean you want me to
like be shitting in the bag and they'd
be like Oh
they say yogamaya bitch is my ass
another gender bio
alright let's up in this bitch up no oh
my god oh my why is it so shiny oh my
god it looks like a makeup guru she
dumped and her arms oh my god haha it
feels like I don't know what that feels
that's what I imagined but you know when
you get this big bumps that like aren't
pimples and like you can't talk then cuz
you're like under your skin and you're
like condoms you can just get a knife
and rip this out that's what this feels
like
can we get it oh wait 100 C and I
thought this was sweet I forgot it is
naughty okay okay hold on hold on even
dissect it I can't I can't do this oh no
oh it looks like peanut butter it's not
what is that Oh
oh my god that's a fucking egg got the
fucking rotten egg oh my god yeah I
don't know why anybody would eat that
that's he's that what it's basically
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup mixed with
horse shit and then they took that and
then they like ground it up into a ball
and then a shovel that an old woman who
can't make babies anymore and they just
let it sit and then they took her eggs
out and they look like this next Oh No
shrimp chips you know there is nothing I
love more than shrimp mass murder
suicide little toddlers falling out of
cars because the child productive
Lockington on sue them gonna get hit by
the back tire then they squish all of
those things I love more than this
I hate shrimp oh my god picture oven oh
my god oh she's smiling at me God you
look on the back there's like a little
thing it says for camping for parties
for picnics for anytime if you brought
this to a party by the way it's a fancy
party that's me though like walking into
some fancy-ass like Hollywood party it's
like whoo do you want some old
shewill some caviar I was okay I got my
shrimp Jim please why would you like
some dog food anyone oh it's okay girl I
got my root beer uh uh fantasy all right
here we go we're gonna do this I'm gonna
try this oh no I just pulled a Britney
Spears on that one you jab me great see
baby
remember when Sabrina the Teenage Witch
was in the music video like what okay
here we go
I'm doing it there is oh it looks to be
an antenna in it oh oh oh my god oh no
oh my god if each one was a chip that's
what it tastes like just fishy and wrong
okay tastes like an old fish stick and
then it's like somebody saw a cockroach
run across the floor and look oh shit a
cockroach oh I have anything to kill it
with this mist it will work and then
they smash it on the roach and then they
look at it and like you know what I'm
poor I'm hungry at the same survivor but
uh yeah the tribe has spoken
fuck yourself I would like to pass on
this one I would just like to ignore it
I would just like this one to sashay
away
Shantay you cannot say this looks like a
biracial weeping I mean God like what
Catholic she don't know who she is but
like she's okay with it actually know
what I'm gonna call this biracial Ethan
because biracial is beautiful and
amazing this this is by species this is
a crocodile who's like I want to be a
squirrel trans animal and I don't know
man all right
fuck this is my job is that crazy that
this is my job
like your parents are probably like
doctors and lawyers and teachers and I'm
like looking on oh my god what the fuck
is this
oh okay some asabi chip well that's
right did you see me do with that bite
how it's just like when do it that was
the stupidest thing I've ever done and
that's a oh my god that's awful
I've got horseradish acid lemon lime I
mean this is just everything your brain
was breath smells like oh no pass no oh
no oh I need to get rid of every haha I
got for a beer not spots that shit was
all right this next one I'm actually
really excited about this is a pudding
jelly it looks like little Swan okay
here we go oh it's so cute
look at that okay here we go mmm that's
beautiful me when it's cold out okay
let's do this shitters fight it
oh god it's raining how do we look I
don't care cuz I got a foot in and I'm
gonna put it up in my mouth I'm gonna
gain some weight and smile oh yeah
because I usually spitting up River
this tastes like shit I'm spitting out
anything
oh fuck oh my god I had hopes for you I
believed in you I was rooting for you we
were all rooting for you out there you
everything I want to be good as a big
man and everything I want to be bad it's
a being good I'm talking about you
Selena Gomez revival all right last but
not least oh god baby sushi now listen
I've had sushi before but the one thing
I have not had
is like that kind of sushi where it
looks like what your skin looks like
when you rip it off and I have always
said no to it I have always been too
nervous put it in my mouth but today
because I'm in a new house I got a new
life I'm gonna try something new
oh no you know what that kind of looks
like like when you go to a plastic
surgeon office which I do frequently and
you say fix me and they go okay well
we'll just put this on your face and
we'll put this inside of your cheek and
you know well just give you a chin
implant little boob lip we can actually
make a force kit for you that's what
this is it's like fake people skin all
right oh God oh it's a slimy okay ooh
that smells like Thousand Island hey
smells like a Big Mac okay this might be
good this might be the one thing I like
in general it white I like that
why don't I think that boom would taste
like when you get a piece of bread and
then you just say like oh shit I don't
have any meat I don't have any
vegetables I don't have any mayonnaise
you know what I got the butter and then
you just rub butter all over that bread
put in the microwave for like five
seconds you take it out it's a semi
melted semi soupy perfectly textured and
then you just crush that whole piece of
bread into little ball and you just pop
that ball in your mouth
let it disintegrate down your esophagus
yeah I guess it's pretty good lawyer
guys go that was me trying out weird
Asian snacks leave me some comments down
below what else I should eat also give
this video a thumbs up and subscribing
here's a physical thing and yes I know
this video is loud and echoey and weird
and I'm gonna figure it out I literally
just lived in one this morning so give
me the second to fucking fix this shit
and I will see you guys tomorrow
so spider porn I've no idea what it
means I'm assuming it's spiders having
sex which you know I've seen turtles
having sex
mmm it was too relatable see what I mean
it's like watching myself
