hello my name is Alexis jeez all and
welcome to bomb.com where I react to the
things that are blowing up on the
internet to kick off the official more
reaction themed episodes of uncom this
week I'm going to be reacting to
something that I really because I am not
old enough have never seen in person and
that is strippers up for the over 18
nightlife kind of crowd strippers really
aren't that exciting so today instead of
just looking at strippers and being
mildly uncomfortable I'm going to be
reacting to stripper fail videos hey
there okay so my computer right here I'm
going to type in my long password that I
already messed up I'm going to go to
youtube and I'm going to type in
stripper fails to be completely honest
never never done this before never
dabbled in this area of YouTube so I
literally have no idea what to expect I
think the one that we were absolutely
going to have to start with is super
epic teeth shattering stripper fail the
description of the video since this
video was captured at the 2015 exotic
dancer invitationals East not to be
confused with the Western one during
burlesque artist Chelsea lavon's
performance gotta get the promo right at
the top respect
alright oh that was a not a very good
split to be honest like haven't seen
really much stripping but I don't think
this is good oh wait was that to fail
the little split thing oh I thought she
was just bad I mean that wasn't too bad
it was just like not very good form but
hopefully it all worked out for her next
we are going to dive into a video titled
ultimate stripper fail honestly like if
she's into it all the power to her but I
am gonna say it's not like hot but it's
not it's nothing about her if I think
this just isn't my taste in seduction
while the window covering just came off
what so there's just a guy like casually
outside it looks like
moving his trash can oh he glanced in oh
he is seeing what she has to offer and
he's into it wow he is really staring oh
my god there's another person outside
did he like call up his friend that
quickly when is she gonna get to the
actual like stripping of clothing or
does that not happen in this videos it's
like the clean version of the striptease
she noticed the guy's oh my god this is
literally something out of a sitcom
amazing honestly the ending made the
two-minute introduction like so worth it
hopefully she did not have the worst
time next video okay the next one we
want to be watching is a compilation
entitled hilarious
stripper fail completion HD that was a
roller coaster of emotion seems like all
is going oh she's gonna oh that one
seems like it was painful
okay she's really going for it and I
honestly respect that Wow this is quick
and then the straw Oh
she just really fell oh she fell - oh my
god she fell oh she fell - oh she fell -
oh my god she's gonna fall she fell
they're all just falling you know what
when I'm talking stripper fails I want
to see something spunky I want to see
something out of the ordinary I don't
just want to see people falling cuz
that's that's predictable it's been done
before if you're gonna be a stripper and
you're gonna have an epic fail at least
make it original for my sake if not for
you then for me
next just stripper fail ever a sexy
Christmas treat for you thanks hunty I
actually really liked her jacket wow
she's doing like a Christmas strip see
this is what I'm talking about
originality she seems the one with the
most talent so far alright that's like a
really close up but I'll let you live
she she's got like Halloween rickroll
that was so scary and to think I was
saying all these nice things about her
how she had all this potential and she
just spooks the spook right out of me I
think that's enough
stripping for today unless that's enough
was that hot no I'm not getting close to
you to show you my tips goodbye thank
you guys so much for watching this
seductive episode of bomb.com hopefully
we didn't hit you with our awesome
internet shrapnel if you enjoyed this
week's episode give it a thumbs up and
don't forget to head on over to my
channel to check out the latest video
that is there it'll be one of the first
links in the description question of the
day would you ever be a stripper or ever
be interested in the pursuit of sex ly
taking your clothes off let me know by
leaving a comment I will see you next
week with a brand new episode of allcom
it's all good
