hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is
destory my favorite original Power
Ranger is probably the blue one just
because of how unexcited he says
Triceratops right here it's just funny
how much he doesn't give a shit like
everyone else is like bastard on Falcon
and he's like Triceratops okay that's
what the button is we talk about the
really weird news that you might've
missed in the last week and the first
thing that I want to talk about today is
probably be weirdest headline I've ever
read at a news story which was man with
a bionic penis will lose his virginity
to a dominatrix who ran for Parliament
what a few weeks into 2016 and already
so much weird shit happening good for
you world's been led 43 year-old
Mohammed Abad was in a car accident when
he was six which completely ripped off
his penis ah Huntley though in 2012
Mohammed got surgery to rebuild his
member which is now an 8 inch Bionic
penis that literally inflates when he
presses the button do not to sound gay
but I kind of want to see what a bionic
penis looks like like does it have
settings on it can you make it vibrate
anytime you want like
anyways Mohammed allegedly reached out
to 35 year-old dominatrix Charlotte Rose
who's agreed to take his virginity after
a pre-arranged dinner date my question
is why did he choose this girl
specifically and why did she say yes to
this like most of us don't get to pick
exactly who we lose our virginity to it
just sort of awkwardly happens in the
back of a car after prom is it in yet I
know I'm over here oh my god it says I
waited long enough for this it'll be a
great start to the new year my penis is
working perfectly now so I just want to
do it I'm really excited
whoa there Skippy calm down don't want
to pop a bionic bone or too soon but
Charlotte says instead already chose
there to take it the progenitor to build
up with confidence cut away I can then
find a lovely light in a subtle column I
don't exactly know what that voice was I
apologize but really all this has me
wondering if now he's just going to use
the fact that is a bionic dick as a
pick-up line
Hey ladies I got a robot to check this
out
did his dick just spell out the word
date me sure did who's in texting what
the bad news have you ever wanted to
bond with your dad I know I have he left
me when I was 2 he said he was gonna go
get beer and cigarettes and that was 22
years ago I sat there like one eternity
later I still have a necklace so but a
dad and his son had a lot of family
bonding times last week after they
robbed a convenience store dressed
entirely as old women
I guess that's one way to bond but the
father-son duo were dressed up as
elderly women the father in a wheelchair
while the son pushed him behind into the
store and I don't know what their plan
was you know like obviously they're
trying to fool a person into thinking
that the perpetrators of the crime were
old women rather than dudes but
obviously two were caught which probably
went something like this there were two
women and we need money I'm tired of
Robbie like this but we super need money
for for my for my my tampon and um
shavers for for my leg what else do
women buy uh-oh target yes also
chocolate what else
Oh Ryan Gosling ladies yes that
definitely definitely net
okay let's understand wait a second what
are you guys doing on the kitchen
they're onto a Philly rod for natural uh
TV store owner actually saw that they
had a shotgun concealed under the wheel
chair then chased them out of the store
where they then got into a getaway car
owned by the father's brother fucking
idiots
anyways the story happened around March
of last year but they were just now
sentenced to robbery as well as assault
with a deadly weapon and possession of a
firearm the last one that I do is a man
tried to escape a Brazilian prison last
week by tunneling under the prison's
communal toilet through miles of human
shit nice Luis Oh buddy that's not good
oh man I've been to juvie before so I
can understand the urge to want to get
out especially when your nickname in
juvie was cutie pie I didn't go to the
bathroom for a week straight cuz I
feared for my anus is safety every night
before bad a dude would be like good
night cutie pie
but I think the moment that you're
digging through vials of human shit is
when escaping is just not worth it
anymore especially when in the end you
didn't even get away
the guards actually caught him as he was
six feet into the toilet covered from
head to toe and shit you know maybe his
plan of escaping was just to smell so
bad the guards just let him go like hey
what are you doing oh my god you better
let me go man I'm so what well mate
burning ass
err I know I'm not much is known about
the guy who's trying to dig his way to
freedom or even where in Brazil the
video took place my question is just how
bad was it in prison that the guys first
thought was to be like Japanese nuclear
threw some poop man looks like this
guy's in a real shitty situation ok pong
guy please no not today this guy must
have been watching the Shawshank
Redemption
it's a shame we was caught because he's
probably now in some deep shit dude get
out anyways no word yet if the guy
actually got punished for trying to
escape or if the guards took pity on him
and decided that you know being covered
in shit was probably punishment enough
anyways that is it for this episode of
what the fuck news my question of the
day for you guys is how would you escape
from prison
leave your answers in the comments down
below all today's stories as always in
the description down below as well as
all of my links also be sure to check
out my channel youtube.com slash captain
estes I'll be back to making my normally
schedule videos here pretty soon I was
just sick for a while and then I have my
wisdom teeth taken out and then actually
moved yeah hopefully you guys are
subscribed over there so you can be
updated on all my new videos it's such
an awesome channel you'll love it can we
get some more syphon in here or
Triceratops ok no that's that's enough
that's it though I was even episode for
another one the fuck news thanks for
watching and fair with
