hey let's have you guys yes today I'm
going to be googling something again
that I should not be googling although I
do that pretty much every day anyways
without even filming it so I've never
not used my kognito window ever but
today I'm gonna have you guys join me I
got a tweet saying Shane please don't
ever look up spider porn so of course I
said recording let's do this
so spider porn I've no idea what it
means I'm assuming it's spiders having
sex which you know I've seen turtles
having sex hmm it was too relatable see
what I mean
it's like watching myself but today I'm
going to be looking up spider porn I'm
gonna be showing you guys what I can
show you and describing what I can okay
Urban Dictionary Spider porn
pornographic material dealing with
spiders and or people what it is most
commonly seen being viewed by move or
Moog's PI or any other combination and
they tend to get very defensive if
bothered I don't know what that means
but I'm also scared to make fun of it
because I feel like maybe Moog is like
something on the internet that you're
not supposed to talk about which in that
case then we're not talking about MOOC
related words our bestiality gross porn
spider string webbing and zoophilia
zoophilia that's a good name come here
little to Velia it's like majestic I'm
gonna name my child you philia or maybe
move no probably not alright let's look
up some pictures spider porn and I am
scared
searching oh my god oh my god oh my god
okay
oh my god okay oh you know what if you
want to play at home and you're over the
age of 18 pull up a window for google
images and search spider pool and you
can react with me cuz I don't know how
to describe this shit I'm going to
though okay here we go I'm going to show
you a little bit I'll just censor it so
the first picture Oh
oh my god it's this girl that she got a
spider face did you choking on a dick
and she had a lot of arms oh my god
listen I'm like shaking listen I have
had sex with everything I have done it
all I don't mean people I mean like
things like things like this I don't
think I could do that I don't even know
if I could have sex with a Subway
sandwich artist you know I mean to like
that is too far and this next picture is
her gettin from bhai
Oh Oh do you think she has six holes
back there who actually sounds nice oh
no actually I hate decisions I'll be
terrible which hole are we doing honey I
don't know whatever hole you want to do
we always do this is now all of our
fights start just pick a hole
it's got flashbacks okay this one is a
girl getting it from a spider it's a
cartoon so I feel like I can kind of
show it I mean she looks like she's
enjoying it I'm very confused I didn't
know spiders had dicks do spiders have
dicks do they have a lot of dicks
do they come webs that would be awful
can you imagine you came webs
you can't hide that if mom walks in the
door halfway through you can't just roll
it in your hands like I used to do you
got a whole thing going on and I don't
know you got to make an excuse oh my god
Oh what okay so this is like a okay so
oh so the two guys are in costumes and
that doesn't even look like a spider
that looks like a raptor and then you
got the girl in the middle and oh my god
I just noticed his beak is going into
her uh uh is how what spiders look like
like I haven't seen a spider long enough
before I've killed it to know what it
looks like
but like if that's what it looks like
I'm gonna kill it even faster oh my god
oh my god what is that I don't even know
if I can censor that I don't know what
it is what is it oh my god it's not so
scary
oh well that's like it fair Abraham
takes it one step too far like she's
already too far but like that's like
well honestly that's probably gonna
happen oh my god I'm not gonna show this
next picture but there is any dick and
there's a spider on it I don't wanna
look at my dick again and I'm gonna be
honest I don't want to look at it before
anyways kind of looks like a spider but
like a spider crawling back into like a
hole oh my god okay listen I know how
she feels because sometimes you're like
damn I got this itch and like I keep
scratching and scratching and scratching
I can't get it I can't get into all the
crevices I need to get into about big
fingers oh you know what could do it a
little creepy crawly inside of my suit
being asking and then when it's done you
just pull it out and kill it
relationship goals oh wow I mean listen
that would have made all those
spider-man movies a lot better example
spider-man 2 that movie was perfect I
mean instead of smashing Emma Stone's
head on the ground and killing her they
should have done this also where are
they in like a basement I feel like
spider-man has money why is spider-man
always poor why does he always live in a
fucking shoe you don't get nothing when
he like saves a bunch of people from a
bank robbery like the banks that like
you know is
take a coin yeah why would you want to
be a hero be a zero it's more fun all
right now let's look at some videos on
YouTube and see if there's any spider
porn
all right this one is seven seconds long
and it's called spider porn wait what
that's when it's a girl - oh my god what
oh my god that was amazing
I need that again no no no I love that
ooh there's an extended version oh here
it comes here it comes
this is more angles
wait is this real is that from a real
porn
I need that porn bed all right guys I
think I'm gonna end it there I saw a lot
of stuff today a lot of stuff I did not
want to see but then a lot of stuff that
I'm so excited I saw oh I can't wait to
put on a costume and slap somebody make
sure to leave me a comment letting me
know what other terms I should not
Google that I definitely will Google
I'll take this video thumbs up and
subscribe and let me give you the
physical day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
kind of smells like flowers mixed with
like cheap soap like when you go to a
park and they have that soap on the wall
that's like never been changed and like
the only people who use it are like
people who go to the park for Craigslist
hookups and they're like gotta wash off
this evidence before I go home to wifey
