heads up you guys yes today I'm going to
be smelling more celebrity fragrances
and I'm not excited about it last time I
did this my apartment smelled like
fucking Lady Gaga Taylor Swift Beyonce
all of those pop stars mixed together
with old lady and trash so my apartment
kind of just smell the same as it always
does but I did have fun doing it so I
went back to Walgreens and I bought like
five more now there are some fragrances
I didn't even know they made starting
with jay-z what don't you got enough
money being like the leader in the
Illuminati you really need a fragrance
it's called gold it comes with a toilet
spray what it literally says toilet
spray weird got poo pourri
jay-z we don't need jay-z's poo pourri
it also comes with aftershave and shower
gel this is something I would give to a
homeless person who's trying to get a
job you know I mean like I would go to
Goodwill get him a suit and get him some
gold by jay-z oh there's words all over
it it says success confidence strength
power toilet oh my god okay we also got
this is one direction you and I I don't
know what that means like me and who
like you guys like all of you guys in me
also Zayn uh hello
he's not there anymore so does the smell
just abandon you and then talk shit
about you on Twitter also why do 10 year
olds need review isn't that the fans
like tendril why do they be this and it
looks like a mom's perfume bottle like
you really want to get your perfume
mixed up with your mom's oh sorry honey
this is yours I thought it was my old
lady flower perfume huh and then we got
Katy Perry didn't know Schmidt perfume
it's called what it's called killer
queen killer queen what does that mean I
feel like she got confused because she's
like ooh slay queen that's a thing what
a slay mean kill killer queen I don't
know I'm relevant in hip and definitely
not thirty I mean what and by the way
that was no shade to Katy Perry because
I'm almost 30 although you don't see me
with the fragrance called a Yas and then
I got Justin Bieber's girlfriend which
looks like a butt plug so it could be my
new girlfriend and then okay I know I
thought shit about Taylor Swift's
perfume last night so I want to give her
another chance
she's another perfume called incredible
things so I also don't know what that
means what does it smell like just a
bunch of incredible things but is it
thing she might think is incredible that
I don't like like I noticed she goes on
a lot of
makes not fam she loves cats not a fan
she loves baking I mean get over
yourself so I'm probably not going to
like it
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
open up all the packages take out the
bottles take the caps off put them over
here and then I'm going to use my beanie
as a club so I can pick up the bottle so
I don't know like what it is smell it
and then try to guess what it is okay so
I'm going to blindfold myself and we are
gonna start smelling okay I got my glove
and here we go oh wait oh shit okay okay
I don't know which one this is
it's feel for the top all right there's
a little hole Oh whew okay it went in my
nose okay this is off to a good start
I like this one it smells like like a
little kid that got lost in a store and
he's like where's mommy where's mommy
but like he's still kind of smells like
mommy cuz mommy gave him a hug before he
ran away but it might be the last time
he's ever gonna know what mommy smells
like and maybe she knew that that's why
she wore extra perfume that day she's
like give me a hug remember mommy
forever
it smells like that mixed with cookies
I'm gonna say this is well cuz it kind
of smells like a mommy I'm gonna take a
dip here it was Taylor Swift oh my god
incredible things honestly some people
might think losing their child is
incredible I'm talking to you Farrah but
that did not smell like I was expecting
I don't hate this she probably had
nothing to it but if she did respect I
would wear this I mean I wouldn't wear
this well maybe I would wear this I
don't know like my first thought when I
put on anything like deodorant or
cologne or anything like I was like
what's my uber driver gonna think like I
really have friends I got a really super
family but like my uber I see him every
day and if I put on this he'd be like oh
you're in a relationship and then I'd
say no I just did the perfume challenge
because I'm a sad sad man next all right
well this one's big okay this is frigate
oh it went everywhere okay hello
interesting oh this might be jay-z cuz
it smells like a toilet but like a clean
toilet oh this one is oh this one is
real bad oh my god this one is VidCon
after being there for like 12 hours I
all the kids are sweaty all the parents
want to kill themselves all the
youtubers have fake ass smiles on for
some reason grumpy cats there he's not
even a guilt over hello I hate this one
I hate it so much I can't even say what
it smells like I don't even know
it smells like armpits and toilets
it's toilets that's a good song don't
steal that Maile all right I'm gonna say
this is jay-z Oh
One Direction that's you and I that's
not you and that's not I this is not us
let's not compare ourselves to this this
is Ain this is gone next alright this
one is smaller oh it's wet dripping okay
Oh too much Oh
oh my god oh this one is like when you
walk into a lush and you got like 20
women getting their arms rubbed down by
all the lush guys oh no I just wanted to
you know try out all the new products
it's not because my husband doesn't
touch me ma'am can I interest you in a
bath bomb oh sure what kind do you have
well our popular one is called this sex
bomb will it have sex with you cuz my
husband well I love lush this just
smells like artificial fake nasty
version of lush like if Kmart did lush
like Kush just not good kind of smells
like flowers mixed with like cheap soap
like when you go to a park and they have
that soap on the wall that's like never
been changed and like the only people
who use it are like people who go to the
park for Craigslist hookups and they're
like gotta wash off this evidence before
I go home to wifey so basically it
smells like sad I'm gonna say Bieber Oh
Killer Queen by Katy Perry a mixture of
sad and Craigslist it kind of looks like
a Christmas ornament I like that
although like it doesn't stand up so why
would you want this like it always looks
like it just fell over yeah no this one
is awful this one's worse than any of
the other ones I smelt in the last video
or this video or any other video which
is sad because I like Katy Perry's music
but I don't like her smell all right we
have two left okay where's the spray get
Aaron is whoo okay ooh this one smells
like um I'm getting high haha
this one smells like a like new paint
like you just painted your house and the
painter guys like you can't sleep in
this room for three days or else like
it'll ruin your brain and you're like
okay
kill me like that's what it smells like
mixed in with some deodorant paint death
and deodorant it also kind of smells
like The Cheesecake Factory like when
they cover up the smell of vomit with
like something else
by the way Cheesecake Factory has the
most vomit in their bathrooms than any
other restaurant I've ever been to and
I've been to them all okay I'm gonna say
we were celebrities we had so smells
like paint deaf so I'm gonna go with
Freddie Spears oh is jay-z ha I mean you
know what I shouldn't have doubted him I
mean if anybody can make a good smelling
perfume it's the leader of the
underworld all right and last but not
least we don't have to blindfold
ourselves this is Justin Bieber's
girlfriend and listen I am going to be
honest I know you guys are like oh he's
just gonna hate it cuz that would be
funny no no I'm gonna try I'm gonna
really give it a try all right here we
go
okay sorry it's not his fault is it did
too much air it out Merida first of all
Justin Bieber's girlfriend smells 12
like it smells like like candy and sweet
tarts and like a little bit of a diaper
why would well I guess his audience is
really young so that makes sense but if
you like who's his actual girlfriend
isn't Kourtney Kardashian his girlfriend
I heard that somewhere this does not
smell like her if you want to smell like
her you gotta grab something sad or like
a Killer Queen this is real girl for
Ryder this is not this is like a young
Kardashian is there any younger ones was
Kendall and Kylie are they the youngest
was there other babies is her baby's
north this north I mean I don't hate it
it smells like a candy store I don't
know why anybody would want to smell
like that I'm trying to constantly not
think about candy like that's all I do
is try not to think about it that'd be
like spring talk about all of yourself
and being like I'm gonna start healthy
today now saying talk about doesn't have
healthy options because I love Taco Bell
they have sponsored in before so if you
want to get a fresca bowl they're on
sale laughs okay yo I'm gonna say the
worst one with Killer Queen and the best
one was um kind of like Taylor Swift's I
kind of like crazy things or what was it
called sad things weird things some
things let me know in the comments if
you've ever tried any or also what other
ones I should try and give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe to the news of
the day and I will see you killer Queens
mom bye then and then and then it
trickles down like how the singer I
would do this when I sang it I like that
it makes me sad maybe I would like your
music a lot I feel like it's very sad
just when the people I've seen wearing
the shirts they look miserable as do I
I'm gonna get a shirt
