hey guys yes today is another day where
I'm going to be reacting to a band that
I don't know that much about and this
one's going to be pretty surprising to a
lot of people considering I had their
hair cut for about ten years
yes I'm going to be watching and
listening to some My Chemical Romance
and telling you my thoughts I'm pretty
sure I've heard their music before I
definitely know their name I know what
they look like
mainly because every time I have a meet
in green about 99% of the people that I
see are wearing my Chemical Romance
shirts but not wearing change shirts
they got their Chemical Romance shirts
and they're fucking
Tyler Oakley posters being representing
sorry is it about me this is about MCO
let's get started okay first I'm once
you go to Google Images to see what they
look like and see if they're as uh well
scary as I remember whoa hello Tim
Burton I know Christmas is over but this
is giving me a lot of the nightmare
before so this first picture I feel like
this is an old one I'm not really sure
he's giving me a lot of like joey
graceffa gray hair and then almost like
a Ricky Dillon Trevor wild jacket now
the ones in the back I don't know their
names I know the one in the front his
name is Gerald right god if I fuck that
up I'm going to actually get killed
Gerald dear God I was Jarrell now the
one in the very far back kind of looks
like a mixture of me and um al Borland
from Houma proof you don't talk about
the guy who is like all these kind of
nerdy and chubby he had a beard and this
guy's not chubby I'm bringing the johto
the one in front of him kind of looks
like Pete Wentz just with no eyes I
don't know where those went but I hope
he's okay now first of all the one right
behind Gerald he did you drag he got
that drag look good bone structure nice
little nose no button nose good chin
noise hairline the one behind him can
knock your dress no that's a man that's
like a man you know when you go to the
gym and you're like you know what I'm
gonna lift some weights today then you
walk over to the weights and you see
that guy standing there and you're like
I'm gonna kill myself that's what he's
giving me I was look at another one whoa
who when was that
all right he likes to experiment with
his hair maybe he's into drag this one
is uh like Sharon Osbourne like bad
blood mixed with I Love New York wait is
there one less hold on I'm confused
which ones missing ah the one with no
eyes oh my god he dyed his no eye
disease finally caught up with him cuz
we got the drag or on the left I never
got the mail on the ride and the weight
is that beer boy it doesn't look like
beer no beer boy looks like Jonathan
Taylor Thomas from Home Improvement I'm
very confused
oh my god he looks just like one of my
favorite youtubers Emma blackery you
know who she is wait do I say
them it's her my YouTube romance now the
one on the left looks like Aaron Carter
but not like Aaron Carter now like Aaron
Carter before whatever happened happened
I'm gonna guess aliens it's too bad to
be drugs alright so now that I know what
they look like let's listen to some of
their music and watch some their music
videos I'm gonna vote of the most
popular one this one is called welcome
to The Black Parade okay I definitely
heard of this song I don't think I've
ever heard this song ooh oh this is
scary oh I don't like it's like the ring
what's happening oh wait this sounds
like graduation they play this in my
graduation why would they do that
all right kids you've done welcome to
The Black Parade hold on Black Parade
that's interesting do they have that
they have the gay parades they have
trans pray they definitely have an
animal parade we're just you know my
mom's house if they don't have a black
parade we need to work on that I mean
I'm not invited but I'm just saying
uh-oh what happened oh okay good I
didn't know what I was going because
when I was younger and my father took me
to see it was the court but it's okay we
sorted it all out nah I don't think I
can do that I could be broken but hasn't
it oh god what is happening how is he
dying why are they showing this who is
he is he in the band
it's a falconer why's quadri on the TV
by the way it's like that fucking uh
Madonna music video no pretty much like
every single music video wherever Nicki
Minaj is like a guest spot that bitch
never flies to set she's always like you
know vibe
how about Madonna just holds up a TV
with my face on it you know I can't
really make to that Drake shoot you know
what just hold the sales hall with my
face on it
Nikki you better actually show up to the
Black Parade you better not have
somebody bring a sign of you that's what
my grandma did when she died listen I
know I talk a lot about my grandma's
death well cuz it scarred me but when
she died she reached up and she was just
like uh-uh
same thing oh it's taking me back oh
there he is
okay he showed up where are they is that
Detroit because I have never been in
Detroit and I hear a lot about Detroit
everybody makes fun of the dreyfus it's
scary they say it's gross they say it's
like death if you live in Detroit send
me a picture
hashtag shame Detroit yeah now he looks
like have a the salon makeover do you
know how to talk about doing something
whoo I love that bitch scary but I love
her I think I got this one I think I'm
gonna move on I like it I like music
that's a lot you know what I mean like
too much piano too much screaming too
much drums like I like that probably
because like I don't do
and I want to do drugs so bad so instead
I just listen to like big music so I'm
gonna give that one at a and a for
adderall let's watch one more maybe
something more new wow that was
nine-years-old
old okay this one is from a year ago and
it is called na na na Nana rihanna song
hae na Esmond name or wait is it rihanna
that's my name
or is it banana i'm freely oh don't
rollerskate don't I just can tell you it
looks fun it's not I broke my leg I have
metal in my legs now you listening that
MCR do you want that I do probably be
like that so tight that's like inside
piercings what this isn't the same
person who's he what is happening
alright get to the song I mean I get the
intro but get to this song ah fuck I
have a big bird coming I don't know when
it's gonna come but it's going to come
might be later the video I'll just give
you a warning okay okay so this one this
is a lot is it a lot of the right stuff
I don't know I mean it's kind of like
Denny's nachos or as they call them the
Denny's Fiesta nacho platter there's
like a lot on it there's cheese there's
me there's salsa there's also like hot
dogs and there might be peanuts and like
I might just take the peanuts of hotdogs
out you or me like I might just take the
creepy fucking mask and a bearded guy
who is yelling to a microphone I might
just take those knees out and then I
might be this as of now I'm a
centre-back oh my god oh there it was oh
my god thank you guys for bearing with
me for that let's get back to video
ooh I like that I didn't like the
beginning of the song but I like that I
like when the melody I don't know
anything about music but you know how
the melodies sometimes I could go stand
and then and then like it trickles down
like if I was a singer I would do this
when I sang it I like that it makes me
sad maybe I would like their music a lot
I feel like it's very sad just from the
people I've seen wearing the shirts they
look miserable as do i I'm gonna get a
shirt oh I like that part
mmm okay I like this song didn't like it
at first I liked it now maybe it is like
Denny's nachos cuz at first I'm angry at
it does not look like the picture but
they like ten nachos later I'm like you
know what I'm sad I'll eat it there you
guys go has a favorite view of My
Chemical Romance um I like up I'm gonna
download music and if you want to
download music overlay through Boog I
don't know what that was that was my way
of showing you it's not sponsored are ya
guys hope you had fun romancing with me
I have fun romancing with you I'm gonna
go eat some chemicals also make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
little fuckers tomorrow fine whoo can
you see that we can the co 3 yet I mean
that sounds like 12 years old I really
need to buy a CD CD I mean an mp3 I mean
I don't know what kids let's do
