hey guys yes I am once again going to
try to become beautiful and not be
successful today I'm going to be doing a
beauty hacks that I got online somewhere
from RCL beauty queen and others were
from random fucking websites that I
should not have been on that were for
like 12 year old girls furs we're gonna
try one that is probably the stupidest
thing I've ever heard in my life but I
really hope it works this is when you
combine a Hershey's cocoa powder with
lotion well my weekend and you put it on
your skin and it makes you tan I mean I
don't see how that could work it's
literally just gonna look I'm covered in
chocolate
it doesn't chocolate give you pimples
whoo oh my love arm pimples you know me
like when you're sit on the toilet but
you're like so bored what should I do
are bimbel's yeah yeah mom is not here
to tell me to stop picking ha ha ha I'm
an adult yeah it gets real sad in my
bathroom all right so let's take some
chocolate and let's just put some in
this lid ooh I don't think I've ever
seen like straight chocolate powder like
that ah
whoo smells good whoo whoo I love this
with the smell of lotion it all smells
way too familiar
oh I ride this is not gonna work all
right so let's just mix these two things
together oh my god it looks like truffle
butter if you don't know what that is
don't look it up Oh getting everywhere
okay Oh let's mix it with our hands oh
my god oh my god oh this I mean vatten
that's like when you wipe and you only
have a little bit of toilet paper left
you like I can make this work okay
perfect think I got it all oh and then
you wash it off as much as you can but
your hand still smells like shit the
whole day how do I wish it was a hack
for that all right so here's our uh
handing lotion so I'm just gonna put it
on my arm and hopefully it works
what hate it I hate it so much oh my god
ooh ah it feels like a dog just backed
up to me and took a dump on my fucking
arm oh my god all right let's mix it in
okay let's do this oh fuck but I mean
the arm hairs making it look very
dingleberry ish Oh God all right I'm
really working it in you know what hold
on this is working hold on okay let me
wipe off some of the X
yes maybe this might have actually
fucking worked all right let's do a
side-by-side got fucking work did not
work I mean well that's a problem
actually that looks contoured looks like
I have some really cool arm muscles I
don't get that wait maybe I can contour
right here hold on yeah you see that
yeah you even live from no it's just
chocolate a lotion ooh and then you can
eat it no you can't all right first hat
kind of worked let's move on to half
number two okay this next one is for
hair removal um so basically was like
instead of going to get wax you're using
tweezers find a spring and roll it
across your fucking body slowly so I got
this spring from Walgreens and I'm just
gonna fucking roll it on my arm I guess
and uh well you guys are gonna hear me
roar ha ha this song is like six years
old I really need to listen to the radio
more alright here we go oh my god I'm
nervous
oh my god it's nervous how do I do this
so I just actually roll it nothing's
happening it's like I'm just getting pet
by a robot when a robot's gonna happen
you know I mean I would love human touch
even if it's fake
Oh how do you do this trying nothing ow
oh oh oh my God look oh I don't know if
you can see but oh that was so fucking
painful why would you choose that over
waxing oh my god and on the fucking
thing the girls using it like on her
face and she was using like on her
crotch this is so scary okay let's try
to do somewhere else maybe I like here
here we go oh okay it's stuck okay
alright oh my god oh my god oh shit oh
fuck you are Cl
fuck you Oh oh my god you see it you see
that one long sad hair that's how much
you hurt it really pull that one and
thick roots
alright that's awful don't do that this
next one I'm actually a little scared of
because I've really sensitive teeth so
this one is um where you mix baking soda
and lemons and you put it on your mouth
for two minutes and it makes your teeth
white I feel like that might actually
work because that just sounds like a
science project that would burn you and
honestly I'm ready to burn for beauty
all right so first we're just going to
pour some of this inside of this bowl
okay and then we are going to cut up
because I am a loser I don't have a
knife now we are just going to cut a
lemon and squeeze it into the bowl and
there's supposed to be some kind of
reaction all right whew can you see that
we can the Coles react I mean that
sounds like 12 years old I really need
to buy a CD for CD I mean an mp3 I mean
I don't know what kids let's do alright
so that is mixing up though I guess I
mixed this up and then ooh smells good
all right I'm ready to put this in my
mouth another one of my tinder BIOS so
the way she did it was she dipped paper
towel in here and then rub rub it on her
teeth all right so here we go and then
you wait two minutes well here wait
here's my teeth before here wait let me
show you what they really look like
oof geez thank God for better lighting
oh okay I'm gonna shut my timer for two
minutes ah there's so much pain oh my
god okay two minutes here we go okay
there's been two minutes and I'm going
to rinse it off whoo that burns all
right let's see it looks any different
before after I'm gonna be honest I don't
think it did I think I think my teeth
were butter before and now they're just
butter with a little bit of lemon
squeezed in now it also really fucked up
my lips so thank you for that
by the way who cares about teeth you
know I mean why why do people want their
teeth to be super fucking white are
people attracted to teeth I don't think
I've ever been attracted to a mouth you
know what I like fucked up teeth I like
real crooked falling out like orange
color like with yellow and white kind of
like a candy corn almost like a like a
fade like it starts orange and it slowly
fades to brown I like I'm painted
speaking of painted our last 1/2 is
really stupid now this is using colored
pencils as lipstick you know because
it's so much easier to buy a box of
colored pencils and soak them in hot
water for two hours that it is to buy
one fucking tube of lipstick come on but
I'm gonna give it a try I put orange
green and white in here so which one
should we try first let's try white so
I've let these soak for a while so this
should work let's zoom in all right here
we go
oh my god it's work and it doesn't look
good
Wow I look like I've on crack oh my god
I mean kind of feel good it tastes like
elementary school Shane stop eating that
it's not food
anything's food if I saw it I mean it
makes my teeth look really yellow that's
not a good comparison
holy shit do I look beautiful ow it
hurts your lips it makes them really
drying crack I mean who is she
no I mean like where is she in a
dumpster dead that's where she is all
right that's bad let's try another color
all right so I want to try green feel
like that's like subtle and like earthy
here we go oh wow I mean it's kind of
cool I'm not gonna lie kind of
everything I mean it's not everything
it's like almost everything it's like
the way I order my Chipotle bowl like
almost everything no veggies but
everything else
ah I kind of like that ooh that's it
right there that's the one that's the
pig that's the Instagram hold on yeah
that's good that's really gonna scare my
mom okay I mean it hurts after like a
second because it starts cracking again
but like if you can just get over that
you know and just deal with bloody lips
then you're good oh bloody and then like
Christmas you got the green you got the
blood I mean we're like 12 months away
for Christmas but like next year you
know hack it up blurry guys go a couple
of those works not great
some of them hurt but it kind of worked
all right you guys hopefully you enjoyed
hacking with me I do it hack with you
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
it's job good let me new videos every
single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye oh also make sure to leave
in the comments more hacks you want me
to try out and maybe I will do them and
destroy my face more okay alright
hopefully this one will be damn it why
I'm not even but this one on a play it's
not even fucking worth it anymore
